Floor: #1
Post Time: 29th January 2017, 06:22 PM
Poster ID: pj80
Post Title: 
 1/112ballandella rd Pendle hill - Michelle
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Michelle 

Establishment : 1/112ballandella rd Pendle hill 

Date of Visit : 29 January 17

Contact Details/Address/Weblink http://m.locanto.com.au/sydney/ID_11...us-Aussie-girl

Hours of Business : txt or call

Rates : 200/hr 150/45mins 100/half

Age : 34

Size/shape :5 ft size 10ish
Nationality or Ethnicity : aussie

Services Provided : BBFS with CIP (does BBAnal too) extra $50 to her in the room. nothing off limits for a price 

Value for money/recommend? : Yes 

Book Michelle today she was just getting started for the day when i arrived and was the first punter for her shift. 
In the room shower was offered and then she was straight into it started with a CBJ i asked for BBBJ and was told it was extra $30. But she told me the dom was drying out her mouth so got it free. She claims this her specialist thing and i must say there was lots of shaft and tip licking before she went to work and she tried to DT but said i was too big, lol. (Im not) said she normally only sees cocks no bigger then 4-5inches. Anyway had het on all fours sucking while i lent over for some pussy play and god she is tight could only manage 2 fingers in her.

I then got her into 69 and she has what i can only call a great looking and equally tasty pussy. I the got ready to mount her and she domed me up but i did ask about going bare and she was ok with it for you guessed it extra $$. Did ho there was only testing the waters and hey she works in a brothel and sees god knows how many and what kind of cocks so if you want to risk it ot is on the cards. We started in missionary and she was happy to move into any positions i felt like but did tell me she only had a shallow pussy which is true as my big finger did hit the back of it while i was finger playing. So she asked me to take it easy. Into doggie for about 10mins before it was too much for her so it was more BBBJ for me and this where i noticed the wedding and engagement ring on her finger and this just made me hornieras i fucked her face before i CIM she then let my cum dribble out her mouth down my shaft and over her hand and my cum looked great as it covered those wedding rings.
Must say i did try to fuck her arse but i was too big for her and time was running out today but she did promise to give it a good go next visit.

So i will be back again as soon as i can.

It should also be noted she works at a brothel in blacktown also.


