Thread Title: 5 Alan Street, Fairfield - Vietnamese Jasmine
Floor: #1
Post Time: 8th September 2019, 01:31 PM
Poster ID: smartghost
Post Title: 
 5 Alan Street, Fairfield - Vietnamese Jasmine
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jasmine

Establishment : Cherry Blossom 

Date of Visit : 3 September 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 

Phone :(02) 8764 3452

Hours of Business : 10AM - late

Rates : $100 30 mins

Age : 20

Size/shape : C cups - size 8?

Nationality or Ethnicity : Vietnamese

Services Provided : CBJ, DATY, catbath, full service

Value for money/recommend? : Yep

My experience/comments : I have seen Jasmine a number of times now and the service she provides is always good. She is Vietnamese - good English, always friendly, 20 yo slim body nice C cups, shaved pussy.

Jasmine comes and gets me from the waiting room - we chat a bit whilst going to the room and into the room. Her hair colour always seems to change. I have a shower and lay on the bed while she showers. After she finishes she lies next to me. We cuddle and just chat. She does not do kissing. I am grabbing her nice firm butt and licking her boobs she seems to enjoy it. I ask to lick her and she is happy for me to do this. She does ask to only lick the top of her pussy as she is sensitive - she always tastes amazing. I am licking away and she is making soft moans. This goes on for about 10mins and i can feel my tongue and neck starting to cramp up haha i endure through and after 5mins she cums - no loud moans as she does not want the other people to hear lol she thanks me and says she's going to be tired for the rest of her shift. Dom goes on and i start off with Mish, she is always tight - what else can you expect from a 20y.  I don't last very long so after 2 mins i stop to get my composure. A few more minutes of mish and we switch to doggy. Pounding away with that amazing ass. After 5 mins of doggy i blow in the bag and collapse on the bed. She cleans me up and I have another 5 mins left. We just hug.

I come to this joint once every 2 weeks and the service is always good here. The girls range from 18-25yo.


