Floor: #1
Post Time: 11th April 2013, 06:21 AM
Poster ID: SeaRay
Post Title: 
 7/1 Sutherland St, Granville - 02 9760 0887
				
Post Content: 
I noticed this full service Brothel "SWEET SEVEN" at 7/1 Sutherland St Granville mentioned some where and I can not find a review of it, so I drove to Granville to check it out, it's in a commercial complex on the corner of Marsh St where KELLY COUNTRY is also located, it opens up at 6pm until 7 am and it has all the usual neon OPEN signs. Another Granville F.S. establishment....


Floor: #2
Post Time: 8th October 2013, 07:28 PM
Poster ID: speciace
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Tiffany

Establishment: Sweet Seven, 7/1 Sutherland St, Granville

Date of Visit: October 2013

Contact Details/Address: 02 9760 0887

Hours of Business: 6pm-7am Daily

Rates: $90 - Half Hour

Age: Late 20s (but not entirely sure)

Size/Shape: Athletic

Nationality/Ethnicity: Chinese

Services Provided: HJ, CBJ, FS 

Value for Money/Recommend?: Average

My Experience/Comments: Actually went to this joint the night before and it was busy so only one girl was available, wasnt to my liking so I decided to walk and said I'd be back tomorrow. Against my better judgement I decided to give this place a go the following evening and returned a little earlier to try and beat the crowds . A few observations about this place - 1. It does have a car park in the complex, and as its open only after 6pm, parking is usually a lot easier than most of the places in this same area. 2. Upon entering and climbing the stairs the stench of stale cigarette smoke smacks you in the face, which for a non-smoker is a little off-putting and not all that pleasant.  3. The waiting rooms are huge and like most of the Granville shops have that very awkward feel of being hit and miss right from the outset as you sit there waiting for the girls in anticipation 4. It does have an ATM machine on premise (which I am sure would look good on the bank statement if you get caught withdrawing money by the Gestapo - Not) 5. There is a vending machine, but I cannot remember for the life of me what was in it.

Upon entering I was shown into waiting room #1. I waited for what seemed about 10 minutes, during which time I could here a lot of activity, things being dropped, shouting and general chaos - always a good sign.... Then in came a nice looking blonde English lass, but I couldn't catch her name with the accent, only problem was that during the introduction she seemed really disinterested which is always a turn off for me, as I relate this to the service I am about to get. Next was Tiffany a nice athletic asian with legs to die for in those high heel shoes, and lucky for her she showed great enthusiasm during the intro, which made my choice easy. Actually, there were two younger guys in waiting room #2 who saw both the girls before me and turned them both down and moved on, one would suspect to another close by establishment.

Off to the room with Tiffany, which was again quite large and reasonably setup, probably a newer look than most of the shops around here but you can sense it wont be long before it starts to age and looks a bit more run down. Into the shower for the obligatory wash and onto the bed while Tiffany showers in the corner (which I might add was a great view from where I was sitting). She drys off and the prepares her tools of the trade and begins warming up my little buddy for action with her hands. At this point she was out of reach for a play downstairs which did disappoint me a little, but she had great little tits and a great body which I was able to get to.

After warm up, on with the dom for a prolonged CBJ, which was a little bit toothy for the most part but every now and again she got up a great rhythm going which took me to a new a level of excitement, but this only ever lasted in short spurts of about 10-15 seconds (not sure if this was her tactic to keep punters from going over the edge to early). Then onto the main event in multiple positions, let me say this chick goes for it with vigor in cowgirl and especially reverse cowgirl, unfortunately, it just wasn't doing it for me (but I do have to say she tried as hard as she could and got some real bounce going). She really wasnt tight enough for my liking, or perhaps I wasnt big enough for hers, but I enjoyed her enthusiasm and effort of service as it was definitely to be commended. In the end I decided to finish off with a HJ which was a little bit average but eventually got me across the line and put a smile on my face. Whilst getting changed Tiffany was happy to chat a little bit, but I think she found it hard to understand some of my English.

In the end I was glad to get out of the smoky haze and clear my lungs (hoping that the smoky smell through my clothes did not get noticed later on). Overall I enjoyed my time with Tiffany as she has a great athletic body with a fairly happy bright persona, but will probably spend my hard earned somewhere else next time - after all variety is the spice of life.

Body.............8/10
CBJ...............5/10
FS................5/10
Effort............8/10
Overall..........6/10


Floor: #3
Post Time: 24th July 2014, 07:29 PM
Poster ID: chimparmy
Post Title: 
 7 Sutherland St Clyde
				
Post Content: 
Hi Does anyone know what happened to this joint which was near Clyde station? It seems to have closed down but just wanted to hear the goss surrounding why it closed


Floor: #4
Post Time: 25th July 2014, 12:29 AM
Poster ID: Binga
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Haven't heard anything but I would feel pretty safe in saying it just couldn't keep up with the competition.

It was located in the 'Bermuda Triangle' of Asian brothels in Granville - 10 Marsh, 26 George, 32 Berry and 7 Cowper all within a stones throw of each other, making it pretty cut throat market and from what I did know it could just not compete with these shops.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 25th July 2014, 12:53 AM
Poster ID: chimparmy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Fair enough, but it is still sad, I liked a few of the girls there and the staff were reasonable. The other ones are run by unreasonable people who I can't stand so, guess time to move on and forget this punting business.


