Thread Title: Lulu
Floor: #1
Post Time: 27th September 2011, 09:17 AM
Poster ID: SimpleSimon
Post Title: 
 Lulu
				
Post Content: 
I was in the area a few weeks ago and, remembering the descriptions of the ladies, thought I'd check this place out. 
The venue is towards the end of a dead-end street that is probably not the safest place in the world after dark, but seems safe enough during the day. Reasonably discrete entrance but the place itself definitely good do with an external refurbishment.

Greeted at the door by a youngish guy who looked like a uni student. Booked for one hour @ the AUXXX special rate ($140) and was introduced to 2 girls. Can't remember the name of the other one but I picked Lulu. Was then told that the main rooms were not available and I could use the smaller room or wait 15 minutes (15 minutes in brothel terms is more likely 30-45). So picked the small room, which was tiny, barely big enough for a double bed.

Lulu was about 23-25, about 5'2", from Hong Kong, very little english, very fake B/C cups and reasonably attractive. She seemed to have a major cleanliness obsession because she was wiping her mouth every couple of seconds with tissues, even before touching me.
The actual act itself was extremely standard, light massage, followed by CBJ, then cowgirl and doggy. I blew my load and then she told me that the better was available so, wrapped in a handtowel, I followed her, past the indian guy in the waiting room to the better room. It had a shower so had a quick shower and then prepared for round 2. Unfortunately though, there was nothing happening down there. It certainly didn't help that she managed to get a condom on my limp dick and tried giving a CBJ, thinking that by stretching it, it would magically get hard. So I settled for a 15 minute massage, showered and left.

I checked the website afterwards and could see no mention of Lulu but have since found out she was a guest. My bad luck I guess.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 27th September 2011, 05:39 PM
Poster ID: MrBeen
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Gees it would be really great SimpleSimon if you could please humour me and my fellow punters by providing contact details, that is phone number(s) and address or would you like us to PM you because posting would be too dangerouse.

Cheers

MrB


Floor: #3
Post Time: 27th September 2011, 05:42 PM
Poster ID: exmelpunter
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hi Mr B
I think you'll find Cowper St is one of AXRs advertisers, so there's a plethora of detail on the banners and in the thread.  Quite a few reviews that appear under an advertisers thread lack the phone/address details - leaves more room for detailed reviews, if you know what I mean 

emp


Floor: #4
Post Time: 27th September 2011, 08:33 PM
Poster ID: SimpleSimon
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Sorry Mr Been

Address: 7 Cowper St, Granville
Phone: 9682 3888

I also didn't go into too much detail of the experience as Lulu is apparently not a regular there.


