Floor: #1
Post Time: 14th July 2015, 10:22 AM
Poster ID: itsnotme
Post Title: 
 Aalisha - Nth Beaches/Collaroy - 0431545630
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Aalisha

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 22/06/15

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 

Hours of Business : Unknown

Rates : 200 -> Hour (+ extras)* (see note)

Age : says 45, would figure closer to 50 

Size/shape : Average

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : HJ/BJ/FS/DATY 

Value for money/recommend? : Not really

My experience/comments :

I'd been eying off aalishas ads for a little while and had put it off, on the plus side shes local-ish to me and I dont exactly judge on age, on the minus side the experience was quite shit.

Called her up around midday asking if she was free that afternoon sometime, at first she said no, and that shes only available tomorrow from 10ish, i texted back saying that wouldnt work for me and magically she was free in an hour or so, i jumped in the shower at home and headed her way, she was at a serviced apartment joint in collaroy, seemed friendly enough, offered me a drink and we had a smoke on the balcony while talking, somehow we got to drugs and she was talking about how horny "Sweet Puff" makes her etc. and that was kinda a turn off;
Not that im a prude or some shit, ive tried most substances out there but i dont need to know about her ice habit, calling it 'sweet puff' doesnt make you any less of an ice fiend kids 

Anyway, changed subject, talked some more shit, moved to the bedroom, a little touching, kissing, cuddling, she has a nice body, her breath is fine, shes seems super friendly and all but yeah, sorta lost interest after the meth thing, she asked if i wanted to eat her pussy while she played with my cock, looked clean, smelt kinda blergh so i knocked her back, a little fingering instead ...moving on!

Handjob was overly soft and not really any ball attention, when asked if i wanted a bj for an extra 50 i declined and ended up finishing myself on her tits

Overall a shitty punt but thats TOFTT right ?

Apologies for the lack of extra detail but yeah, was kinda looking for an exit that involved no bodily fluids exchanging :/


Floor: #2
Post Time: 14th July 2015, 08:31 PM
Poster ID: lone stranger
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
She sometimes works with Chantelle (Georgie ex AH). There are plenty of reviews out there for Georgie and I have seen her at Collaroy. She would be a better choice IMHO. Asking an extra $50 for a BJ would put me right off!
LS


Floor: #3
Post Time: 22nd July 2015, 10:21 AM
Poster ID: milkyjoe
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Maybe she meant 50 more for bbbj, because in the services provided it has that he got bj. Or maybe I am confused, anyway, thanks for the review.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 22nd July 2015, 11:01 PM
Poster ID: mikej
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by lone stranger


She sometimes works with Chantelle (Georgie ex AH). There are plenty of reviews out there for Georgie and I have seen her at Collaroy. She would be a better choice IMHO. Asking an extra $50 for a BJ would put me right off!
L
"""



Yes, I spotted the Cracker add with Georgie but made the wrong decision and went with Jackie at Maroubra. Hopefully she isn't following the same pricing structure as Aalisha. Maybe I'm reading it wrong but is this 200ph with another 50 on top for a BJ? WTF


Floor: #5
Post Time: 27th July 2015, 11:03 AM
Poster ID: itsnotme
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
that was my situation, 50 more for bj, easy turn off on my end, that and the stinky puss :/

ive never been charged more for knob gobbling, i've a slightly larger than average cock & im kinda picky about keeping myself clean, nothing to make a fuss over right ?


