Thread Title: Aanu, Indian Chocolate beauty -  Parramatta - 0423 563 026
Floor: #1
Post Time: 29th May 2015, 09:51 AM
Poster ID: indian_punter
Post Title: 
 Aanu, Indian Chocolate beauty -  Parramatta - 0423 563 026
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Aanu

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 21/05/2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 
Indian Chocolate beauty at Parramatta, NSW ~ 0423563026 Age - Sydney escorts - cracker.com.au
0423563026 

Hours of Business : 10am till late she said

Rates : 
30 minutes : $150 
45 minutes : $250
60 minutes : $300

Age : I'd say about 30

Size/shape : Size 10, C cup and about 170cm

Nationality or Ethnicity : Indian

Services Provided : CBJ, FS

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : 

Ok, so I have been looking to see a decent Indian girl for ages and decided that today I just needed to find one.
Looked up cracker and found Aanu.
Looked decent, rang and booked. Phone manner was good, rates simple and easy and Everything as per the cracker ad.
No Kissing, no Daty, no natural services.
Nothing new really, many indian girls have these rules.

Rocked up to her apartment in North Parramatta.
Lots of parking on side streets at 4pm in the Arvo up there.
ATM at the base of the building so even better ! lol.

Into the room, she is tall, and is exactly as the pics on the ads.
No surprises, thank god for that !

Not a massive chatter box. Talks when spoken to and has has a good manner.
Had a shower, onto the bed, and she kisses me all over the body and puts a Dom on. 
Very good CBJ. Good suction, no teeth. 
Would have been awesome if it was a BBBJ, but oh well. 

She gets on top, rides well. Nice boobs which I suck. Small nipples.
I get on top, kiss her neck and shoulders. Nice good moaning. 
Get behind her and bang hard. Again, a good view.
She finishes me off with her hand as I was exhausted ! lol.
Cleans me up and I have a shower.

Premises top notch and shower etc very clean. 

I have a nice chat to her. She tells me she is up here for 3 months from Melbourne.
Mentions that another Indian WL in sydney has been talking shit about her to clients.
I actually got a private message from said WL myself a couple of days ago telling me stuff that doesn't sound true. Anyway, no biggie.

Would I return, possibly not because I prefer Blondes with Big boobs but I was more than happy with this session.

Looks 7/10
CBJ 7/10
Sex 7/10
Attitude 7/10.

Enjoy lads.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 29th May 2015, 09:56 AM
Poster ID: indian_punter
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Cracker Ad and pics.




			
				Hi Gentleman,s

I'm at Parramatta, NSW. Please read my profile information before contact me, SMS is the best way to get a quick response, Thank you

My Contact Number : 0423563026

A little bit more about me... 

I'm Aanu..

Born at colourful land of South India, Settled here in this beautiful peaceful country long time ago, I'm 27 years old, Stand 172cm tall, Has long a wavy black hair till hip with a beautiful silky chocolate skin complexion. Many guys think that I'm a Sri Lankan lady just because of my skin tone, I wish to be born there, People use to say I'm a tall beautiful stunning black beauty, That's my plus point.

I speak fluent English, Telugu & Tamil.

I'm the person who you see at the photos, The photos will judge for itself. To be honest, Most of people says, I look more better in real & has model looks. Well I agree I has my bad days too, Every girls does.

The pictures are recent, real & taken by me ( No editing expect i blurred my face for privacy reason )

If you find if it's not me, You may walk off & That's our deal. And if I proved that's me in the photos, Penalty of $50 will occur for rejecting me. Lots of guys out there is so excited to play games with me without understanding it's my profession & I make a time for them, Our time is precious, So let's respect each & other & Be professional. 

If you genuinely interested with me, Definitely you will make a booking after seeing my real picture & surprise with my natural Indian beauty when we meet in person.

If you're time wasters you might request for a face, nude or more pictures, Please don't ask to send any pictures through phones or mails. It's my humble request, I'm so sorry, If you still do, Its easy for me to block your number permanently. I guess, Pictures here is enough for you to come to a conclusion to seeing me or not.

Any person request for pictures, unprotected sexual services, rude or abrupt will be blocked forever including fake bookings.

Working hours will be from 10am till midnight, At least 15 minutes earlier notice request for bookings. Please contact me again & again if you missed me.

THINGS THAT I DONT DO
- No deep French Kissing as it can cause infection by sharing saliva.
- No Oral on me, Can cause infection too.
- No Natural oral on you, With condom on only.
- No Unprotected sex though you pay me extra, Covered only.
- Definitely a big No to Anal.
- No Drugs
- No alcohol 
- No smoking 
- No Lesbians please as I'm straight, Sorry.

Shower is a must before you get to bed, Im very hygienic person, Let's have a protected session.

Looking forward to see nice gentleman's, Not a person with an attitude, Please treat me as you want to be treated. I find women should be treated with dignity no matter what she do, Please don't judge me with what I'm doing. Everybody has their own problems. 

Prices 

30 minutes : $150 
45 minutes : $250
60 minutes : $300

Please don't bargain my prices as all are fixed, Thanks for understanding.

Thanks for taking your time to read my profile information.

Indian Mistress of Spices ~

Hot & Spicy Indian Hotty AANU.
Poster's age: 27

• Location: Inner Sydney, Parramatta

• Post ID: 7472979 sydney
			
		






 Attached Images


Floor: #3
Post Time: 29th May 2015, 10:00 PM
Poster ID: uglyphil
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
The no kissing and no DATY counts her out for me.  Especially at that price 

Sounds like you had a good time though, so she should do well with others...


Floor: #4
Post Time: 29th May 2015, 10:23 PM
Poster ID: maugoat
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
That's an odd threat of a $50 penalty if pics are proven to be not her. Is the punter expected to pass $50 cash under the door before eyeballing Aanu?


Floor: #5
Post Time: 31st May 2015, 08:52 AM
Poster ID: indian_punter
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
No I assume u can eyeball her and if it is her and you still don't go ahead then you pay $50 for her time


Floor: #6
Post Time: 31st May 2015, 10:36 PM
Poster ID: Crocodile Dongdee
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Love her pics. That long hair is real sexy. Pic 1 is sen-Fn-sational.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 1st June 2015, 10:53 AM
Poster ID: TheAnonymousFeline
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I think I've seen this one from a year or two back. She's a starfish dud experience & looks like a tranny to boot. I'd advise against wasting your time & $ on this one.


Floor: #8
Post Time: 1st June 2015, 07:31 PM
Poster ID: reggid
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
are you allowed to touch her? she might get an infection


Floor: #9
Post Time: 1st June 2015, 09:59 PM
Poster ID: Dick dastardly
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Of course she's a starfish!!! Massive generalization I know but Indian girls (WL and civilians alike ) are notoriously conservative in bed....most of the hookers in Mumbai and goa don't even take their bra off. 

To be fair this lady is up front with the ground rules...better that than over promising like 90% of ads. And I don't think the 50$ look penalty is unfair either....sure she gets LOTS of time wasters that's why she adopted that policy


Floor: #10
Post Time: 2nd June 2015, 03:33 AM
Poster ID: tiny tito
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
she has been the same with the no touch her rule i remember when i used to see her a few years ago in Melbourne was the same then


Floor: #11
Post Time: 2nd June 2015, 07:18 AM
Poster ID: indian_punter
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by TheAnonymousFeline


I think I've seen this one from a year or two back. She's a starfish dud experience & looks like a tranny to boot. I'd advise against wasting your time & $ on this one
"""



Is this is Sheena the Indian from Surry hill who has been bad mouthing Aanu. Even sent me a private message.
If you've seen her then where is the review ? 
A lot of BS here.


Floor: #12
Post Time: 2nd June 2015, 10:06 AM
Poster ID: TheAnonymousFeline
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
No, not Sheena, although I've never seen Sheena before. Called her up a few times but she sounds too loopy. 

I'm pretty sure this Anu girl is the same tranny-looking WL I saw. No review because it was going 2-3 years back. She smelled of bad underarm body odour & had an attitude that stunk too.


Floor: #13
Post Time: 2nd June 2015, 11:53 AM
Poster ID: bobo13
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Be careful of this one. Absolute nut case. Saw her in a hotel in the Cross almost a year ago but on seeing her and the room decided not to go ahead. Room stunk as she was cooking and she seemed all over the place.
Upon excusing myself she tried to hit me up for $50. This was before her disclaimer in the new ad.
I refused telling her the room was disgusting and she promised clean. Anyways let myself out and she came out behind me screaming that is attacked her. I couldn't get out fast enough. 
It didn't stop there she started sending me Txt messages saying I'd tried to rape her and carrying on. Her texts were very well worded and would lead one to believe that it was true. This went on for a few hrs threatening etc... I was so worried I went to the police station explain what happened. The officer didn't seem too concerned and said not to worry that this was a regular thing from working girls.
Eventually she calmed down and said that she will forget about it and how she has feelings etc and not to treat working girls that way and that she's going to let it go.
Mind you I was nothing but polite the entire time.
Again be warned and yes she does look like a tranny. 
She is not to be confused with another Indian girl that sometimes goes by the name Anjali. Has similar ads and also bounces around between here and Melbourne. Anjali is worth a visit. Ask if she has a big tattoo on her back to know if its Anjali your seeing.


Floor: #14
Post Time: 2nd June 2015, 11:23 PM
Poster ID: indian_punter
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Wow. My experience seems very different to all these that seem to be from ages ago with no reviews to back them up. Makes me wonder if we are all talking about the same person ? She doesn't look like a tranny in person nor does she have any body odor that I could detect.  Oh well.. doesn't bother me coz I won't be seeing her again for that price.


