Thread Title: Ada - Asian MILF at Narwee - 0481 753 856
Floor: #1
Post Time: 14th July 2016, 09:46 PM
Poster ID: jonnydang77
Post Title: 
 Ada - Asian MILF at Narwee - 0481 753 856
				
Post Content: 
Ada - Narwee - 0481 753 856

Person's Name : Ada

Establishment : private house at Penshurst Rd Narwee

Date of Visit : July 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: St George Leader - Adult Classifieds Section 0481 753 856

Hours of Business : 10am to 7pm

Rates : $85 / 30mins , $160 / 1 hr

Age: 40s

Size/shape : B to C cup

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese / Hong Kong

Services Provided : CBJ, FS, Erotic Massage

Value for money/recommend? : YMMV

My experience/comments :
I saw Ada's ad on the St George Leader adult classifieds section describing herself as a 28 year old erotic Hong Kong lady with a slim curvy figure and a 36D bust. 
I was feeling toey and was on edge at the time so I thought I needed to release some unresolved tension and squirt some white fluid into some tight and warm asian pussy.
Prior to making the booking I checked AUXXX to see if any punter had reviewed this asian bird. No reviews on the lass so the treck to Middle Earth commenced. Deciding to take one for the "Fellowship of Punters".

I texted her for a booking and she was quick to respond with her address, her services and rates. Ada is a private MILF working out a private residence in Penshurst Rd Narwee.
The house is an older style brick residence. Plenty of parking on the driveway as well as on the street.

Arrived on time and she opened the door but concealed herself behind the door so I couldn't see her.
Once inside I got a good look at this Asian MILF. Ada is not 28 as described in her ad. She has the body of a 30 year old, the face of a 40 year old and the pussy of a 20 year old (ie very tight). 
Ada is early 40's. She has a chinese/japanese MILF face with shoulder length jet "dyed" black hair.
She has a slim size 8 body, fair and smooth skin and is 1.70m tall. No belly fat or scarring. Good legs, wide hips and round arse - this MILF has aged well.
She was wearing a blue push up bra, which revealed a nice set of tits, they looked C cup and quite delicious to munch on but the when the bra came off her tits magically shrunk a cup size. 
A well formed set of pear shaped tits with long nipples and aeroleas that wanted to be sucked dry.
She was wearing a white lacy brief which revealed a decent 3-4cm "hogan" ie a large pussy gap. She had a nicely manicured black vertical landing strip revealing enough meat to get an instant erection. When she led me to the room I noticed she had a very tight and small round arse, which I could have pumped right there and then. When her undies came off her nicely manicured vertical landing strip turned into a feral shrub....but was ok to root nevertheless. 

The house is relatively clean and I could hear two dogs barking inside.She had some relaxing asian music playing in the background.
An older style bathroom whoch is kept relatively clean with plenty of soap and shampoo. The towels were ok.
The room had a queen size bed and a towel was neatly place in the centre of the bed. A large box/pack of condoms sat on the drawer.
She had an assortment of oils, creams and lubricants.

Ada did not allow any kissing and did not want her tits sucked or man-handled apparently they were sensitive - what the fuck! - If you are going to sell your body then that should include everything. Anyway that did not deter me. She also did not want any fingers or hands near or inside her pussy so I guess DATY was out of the question.

She offered me a massage to kcik off proceedings, so I said why not....it was nice, gentle and erotic. She was focusing only on the crack, the meatballs and the thick sausage.
She used her tits to massage my arse shoving her long erect nipples into my crack - it was different. It had a ticklish sensation but was erotic nevertheless and got me granite hard after 15 mins.

Onto the main course and I got her to ride me cowgirl style. She lubed herself and lubed my cock and slowly impaled herself with her pussy lips wrapped tightly around my cock.
This was nice and I was determined to hold on and not let the tadpoles loose too early. she eventually grew tired so I suggested mish. 
I entered her slowly and pumped her using every conceivable angle so my cock rubbed against her clit and love tunnel. This got her quite wet and horny.
I was on edge and gave the troops the order to retreat......I extracted my cock from her love tunnel just in time. 
I stood up and went to the edge of the bed and pull her towards me. I grabbed her ankles and spread them wide apart.
I entered her slowly as the troops drove deep into the cover of the bush. I pumped her for another 5mins and a succession of quick and deep pumps drove her to an orgasmic spasm. 
She wrapped her her legs around my arse and pushed me deep inside her. She said something in Chinese (not sure what) as she orgasmed.
We lay there for a few minutes whislt we recovered. We chatted about stuff whilst she cleaned the mess.


Onto the shower for a wash and out the door. I was there for at least 40-45 mins so she is not a clock watcher.
She smacked my arse as I walked out and asked me to visit her again.


Would I return: If I was in the area and had nothing better to do, I would see her again, but wouldn't go out of my way or drive a distance to see her.
As is quite common with these private Asian MILF setups YMMV.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 14th July 2016, 10:32 PM
Poster ID: sandsifter
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Sounds like Tina who I've reviewed on previous page, different mobile number but a lot of similarities and her place was on Penshurst rd, Narwee.


