Thread Title: Adrianna Lush - Sydney, NSW - 0402 308 978
Floor: #1
Post Time: 16th November 2016, 08:29 PM
Poster ID: gerrard8
Post Title: 
 Adrianna Lush - Sydney, NSW - 0402 308 978
				
Post Content: 
Establishment: Private

Date of Visit: 26/9/16

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: Phone 0402 308 978

Hours of Business: SMS

Rates:$380/h

Age:20s

Size/shape: Very Busty

Nationality or Ethnicity: Caucasian

Services Provided: Full Service

Value for money/recommend?: So much value and Defs go back!

My experience/comments:

I had my eye on her for so long on other websites (cracker and PG) as she was based in Perth. So once I saw that she was coming to the other side I had to jump at the chance! Not holding back went for a 2 hr session. Thought why the hell not!

She was in an apartment in Camperdown with parking easy to find and got buzzed up. Walked in and OMG, tall, busty, brunette, legs. Every box was ticked and more. Came back from the shower and she was laying there and all I wanted is to put my face in those pillows. And when i did i was in heaven! Like they were fantastic and perky too they just sat perfectly. She was so turned on by me playing with her nipples she came twice I was shocked literally. As we kept going I decided it was my turn so i started with my tongue all over her pussy whilst she was sucking on her nipples and kept going for while till she came again! 

Then I layed back, dom on, and started with a CBJ. She also took it all in with alot of tongue playing, she wouldnt touch the balls though. After a while she climbed on top for some cowgirl and she rode so well till she came again, then she flipped around for some reverse cowgirl and kept going. Then i told her if i could titfuck her and she obliged, dom off, and started thrusting into those pillows till I blew on her chest. So we had a chat about travelling the US as well as Perth as she was from there and what its like there.

I was keen for round 2 as was she. Same as before DFK with more nipple play, but this time I just wanted to go all the way i could missionary. So dom on and i just went straight in and didnt wanna stop. I was covered in sweat whilst her legs wrapped around me on the side of the bed and kept going where she came and i blew in the dom whilst inside her. Then i went straight in again for round 3 and not long after that i wanted to cum on her body it was weird honestly, gave her warning, dom ripped off, and blew on her stomach and chest, some reached her hair and eye by accident. By far my best shot haha. Had a shower as i needed it big time and got a kiss goodbye.

Overall I had three rounds in me and even broke a glass that was on the side of the bed as it feel off the table from the bed moving around so much! I was feeling like a feather when I walked out and drove home that night, simply unforgettable!

B


Floor: #2
Post Time: 17th November 2016, 12:43 PM
Poster ID: WOTAN01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Can you give a link to her advertisement please Gerrard?


