Thread Title: Ailee  - Strathfield -  0406 762 655
Floor: #1
Post Time: 4th December 2016, 08:58 AM
Poster ID: Jivemonkee
Post Title: 
 Ailee  - Strathfield -  0406 762 655
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Ailee

Establishment : independent

Date of Visit : 27/11/16

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : ?????Hot Sexy Korean girl is coming ????New in Strathfield ????? 164m-51kg - 23 - Sydney escorts - cracker.com.au

Hours of Business : 11am-10pm

Rates : 180/30, 250/1

Age : 23

Size/shape : slim, b cup boobs

Nationality or Ethnicity : Korean

Services Provided : FS, Cow girls, BBBJ, CIM

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : I booked 30 minutes prior so it was a bit short notice. She wasn't ready until about an hour later. Probably getting ready or something. So I was waiting outside, a little frustrated at the time. 

Once she she was ready, she showed me up to her apartment. Once the door opened, the girl behind the door looked different from the photo. So obviously a fake photo. But she had a nice body but was wearing some weird outfit. She grabbed my hand and took me in it. Nice smelling apartment and dim lighting to set the mood.

she took me in straight to the bedroom and removed her panties. My heart begins racing. Nice ass and she laid on the bed chatting with me while I was sitting on a chair next to the bed. She showed me her clean shaven Pussy, my gosh what a beauty. After a bit of chat, she immediately got up and jumped on me and we started making out. I didn't really want to make out her her as she wasn't as pretty as the photo but I touched her sweet wet smooth pussy. This was just a teaser though and I didn't mind it.

Before we went any further, we took care of the payment and I hopped in the shower. While in the shower, part of me wasn't sure about it because she didn't look the same. 

As as I hopped out and back into the bedroom, she seduced me with that amazing pussy - her legs were wide open and she had a devilish smile on her and she knew she got me. I was happy that stupid outfit was gone too. I jumped straight in for DATY. Spent a few minutes there until she wanted to give me BBBJ. My gosh, she was great. Licking the knob while looks up and going in deepthroat. She sucked my balls but it kind of hurt. I definitely wasn't kissing her from there.

She slaps on the dom for me and we then go for cowgirl and then missionary. The sex was fine. I felt the blow job was more enjoyable as she was wasn't that tight. Don't get me wrong, the sex was good but her sucking skills gave me a better feeling.

As previously arranged, I pulled out, wanked and blew my load in her mouth and she loved it. She kept it in her mouth for a while before going to the bathroom to spit it out. Overall, great blow job, good sex. Nice body (pussy and boobs), okay face.


