Thread Title: Ajay - San Soucci- 0422 294 641
Floor: #1
Post Time: 15th May 2016, 06:24 AM
Poster ID: lulzbrah1
Post Title: 
 Ajay - San Soucci- 0422 294 641
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Ajay

Establishment : Private Residence

Date of Visit : Mid-March

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Come expiriance a great time with a great lady - Sydney escorts - backpage.com

Hours of Business : Prefers daytime

Rates : [COLOR=rgb(0, 0, 0)]20 minutes 150 30 mins 200 45 mins 250 60 mins 300 2 hrs 500 [/COLOR]

Age : 23

Size/shape : Thin/slender

Nationality or Ethnicity : Claims Arab (she says Mexican/Lebanese mix)

Services Provided : BBBJ, CIM, Protected Sex 

Value for money/recommend? : Definitely not good, would not recommend.

My experience/comments : So I was really keen to diversify my experiences and wanted to try an Arab W/L, again looking through backpage for anyone less than $300/hour I found Ajay. When I called she seemed to vary wildly from seeming super nervous to super bubbly/giggly which I found strange but I put it out of my head for then. When asked about the topic of BBBJ and CIM (not listed in her ad), she was fairly evasive saying we'll see should be alright for BBBJ just come down and we'll see about CIM. 

Once I got to the apartment, whilst the girl who greeted me was of the roughly the same shape as the girl in the ad, it was definitely a case of the photos making you infer that she looks a lot better than she actually does. There didn't seem to be much in the way of arab looks (which was disappointing as having an experience with a decent looking arab girl was the point of the 1.5hr+ trip). Also both her and the apartment reeked of cigarette smoke (I've got friends who are smokers and this was on a far worse level). 

Whilst put off by this, I tried to keep an open mind and get thing rolling. She noticed that I was a little hesitant and started talking and rambling for a long time, stalling whilst checking the time. Once I got my hands on her skin my whole body shook and definitely not in a good way. Her skin felt like it had invisible sharp hair all over it (I've never encountered anything like it).  Once we got started and she went to do the bbbj it was almost as though the phone conversation had never happened and she was expecting me to put a dom on for the bj. Then when she did do the bbbj, it was ok but I could definitely tell she was very unenthusiastic (I showered and trimmed beforehand and other WL's have done a far better job with a happy demeanour).

Then she proceeded to rush me into the actual sex side of things, claiming that we were running out of time (I had kept an eye on the time from when she actually started the bj itself and it had only been 7 minutes), still didn't want to linger too long given the above factors and the odd behaviour I experienced. Throughout the 10 minutes that she actually got on top and did the cowgirl position, it was mechanical and it was plain from her expression that she just wanted to be done with it. Tbh I'm a reasonably decent looking guy and I've had my share of girls ask me out on dates before so it made no sense to me especially since I was well groomed as well. 

(tl:dr): Anyways to sum it up it was a really bad experience, if you're looking to waste money burning it would be a far better option than this. GG.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 15th May 2016, 06:27 AM
Poster ID: lulzbrah1
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Oh and whilst she did do CIM, it was very gingerly and she bolted to bathroom to spit it out and went on a rant about hating the taste of cum. Spitting it out is fine but the way she went about it was just terrible.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 15th May 2016, 12:02 PM
Poster ID: wachumba
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
This is the same girl as https://auxxxreviews.com/forum/f100/...light=Lebanese

New number but I remember the pics and face is the same.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 15th May 2016, 08:12 PM
Poster ID: chimera
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
She has been located in Ramsgate area for a long time this girl also likes a smoke so to speak she probably gives better service stoned or may have a bf to give that awkward service.Last when shew was working from Parramatta she was shockingly thin.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 16th May 2016, 01:21 AM
Poster ID: lulzbrah1
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hi Wachumba, yeah that thread seems to be reflective of the same girl. I'd never been with a girl who was an addict or ex addict so I didn't realise the signs. Of course I'm not judging her life decisions but more so the terrible level of service I encountered. Also as per that thread, she again had a sob story (most likely false from the seeming track record) of having recently been robbed. She just seemed to vacillate between giggly and acting like she wanted to be anywhere else with a standoffish demeanour.


