Thread Title: Akira Osaka - CBD Sydney - SMS to 0421 254 390
Floor: #1
Post Time: 10th March 2019, 11:11 AM
Poster ID: DeepImpact
Post Title: 
 Akira Osaka - CBD Sydney - SMS to 0421 254 390
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Akira Osaka

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : March 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://scarletblue.com.au/escort/ak...ka?city=Sydney

Phone :0421 254 390

Hours of Business : 9am to 10pm

Rates : $500 per hour

Age : 18

Size/shape : Slim, B cup

Nationality or Ethnicity : Japanese Girl born in Australia

Services Provided : FS

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : 

It's funny how some of the best girls that I have seen so happen to have been with girls that I walked past on the street before seeing them in the booking. Akira Osaka fits that category because I arrived early in the area for the appointment and walked past the hotel and there was a pretty girl in casual clothes standing a few doors down on her phone and I thought to myself as I walked past that I hope she is the one. Sure enough when I met her in the room she was now wearing a figure hugging black dress that complimented here curvy butt relative to her slim waist. She's a pretty looking Aussie Born Japanese girl but doesn't really have a typical Japanese girl look. 

In the first minute of talking to her I realized she ticks a lot of boxes with an attractive face, slim body, great attitude and super friendly.

Onto the good stuff she seems to have a little routine going and strategy. Just like putting together a Rubix Cube together well you gotta have a good strategy and be smart.

Started out on the bed with her showing off her assets with see through lingerie. She kissed me briefly before turning around whilst she was on her knees rubbing her butt against me and taking my hands to cup her breasts from behind and flicking her really nice long hair to the side so she could turn her face back to me to kiss again whilst she continued to rotate her butt around and grabbed me dick from between her legs. 

A great BJ from her as she started between my legs licking up and down the shaft before taking it in her mouth and then slowly moving her lower body around until she was in a 69 position. 

I wanted to be on top instead so I could kiss her small B cup breasts and pierced nipples. Some light stroking of her firm thighs and pussy started to get her wet before I tried to insert one finger a little bit and realised how tight she is so it was better to move onto the main event.

She's quite enthusiastic to any position and was on top for a while before we tried doing it standing against the wall which was a highlight with firstly her standing normally and then with one leg raised. She also really likes doggy and moves into this position inviting more of it which I was happy to do.

It's easy to recommend this girl as she is rare find.


