Thread Title: Aky - Manly
Floor: #1
Post Time: 23rd May 2011, 04:42 PM
Poster ID: pumpster78
Post Title: 
 Aky - Manly
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Aky or Amiky or something like that

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit: 18/5/2011

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: Advertises in Manly Daily contantly, Whistler St Manly

Hours of Business:  10am-late

Rates: $170 h/r

Age: 40ish

Size/shape: Size 14 minimum

Nationality or Ethnicity: Japanese

Services Provided: CBJ F/S

Value for money/recommend?: NOT ON YOUR LIFE!

My experience/comments: What an absolute TRAIN WRECK! Have looked at the add for this girl in the local rag several times over the past year and thought her description of 22yr old japanese girl, tall, big breasted sounded too good to be true. Called her a couple of months ago and she quoted $150 in call, $250 out call....was planning to head down but ended up booking my regular instead since she is $160 in call. 

Was heading for a night out in Manly anyway and curiosity got the better of this cat, so I decided to blow the $150 I'd randomly won on a dog named after a mate the night before on this 22 yr old japanese girl, and made the booking.

After sinking a couple of quick "just in case" bourbons I made my way to her apartment (ground floor, clearly labelled number on the door) and was greeted by what looked like a tall 22yr old students overweight small titted gollum like grandmother (thank christ for those bourbons I tell myself). For a millisecond I held out hope that this was a family of Japanese nudists and the yoing nymphette grand daughter was busy getting herself ready for me in the other room and as such granny had to come get the door, but alas I was wrong...and Gollum was to be my treat. 

Now, lets see - I have genuinely tried to erase this half hour of my life from my memory so detailing the minute by minute blow is not only difficult, but quite traumatic......but here goes - she lay there for 10 minutes stroking my arms and chest telling me how "handsome" i am, whilst deflecting EVERY attempt I made to get my hands where they needed to be to get things going....it was actually quite comical, at one stage she crossed her feet over and viced her legs together like a 4 yr old child who is about to shit their pants, stiffening her legs together to complete a perfect 'hooker plank'.....I got the shits and told her I didn't pay her to stroke my beard and tell me how good looking I am, to which she responded with "ok I suck yes?" suck? No not at all, this whole beard stroking thing is amazing.....YES! So on the job she got with one of the worst CBJ's ive ever seen and felt....after 5 mins I was literally bored and told her right enoughs enough and attempted to try a little mish to get some of my moneys worth. After a minute of pumping away while she lay back actually almost asleep I actually started to feel creepy and weirded out by it - she was that bad.....so I counted my losses, got dressed and said thanks and have a nice night. I wanted to say so much more but at the end of the day, I took the punt and lost so no one to blame but myself, I could have walked when she opened the door. 

On the positive side (not that any of you would particularly care about this part lol), I carried on down to manly, got shitfaced, and managed to take a little cougar from the boatshed down to the beachfront....expecting a bit of a party pash and maybe some action, I was completely surprised when she pulled out a little joint for us to share romantically under the moonlight , and followed it up with a tidy little BJ on the beach! 


RESULT!


Floor: #2
Post Time: 23rd May 2011, 06:03 PM
Poster ID: BrianB
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Pumpster - See the thread on when to walk from a WL.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 23rd May 2011, 06:38 PM
Poster ID: Jack Kerouac
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I love this review. You remind me so much of me!

Jack

By the way, the value of a dud punt is it can result in a fabulous review!


Floor: #4
Post Time: 27th May 2011, 10:53 AM
Poster ID: ryangriffiths
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I too have seen her and she is a disgrace. She is not worth the bother, completely uninterested and a bit of a horse. I paid and left after ten minutes. What a joke. AVOID.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 31st May 2011, 09:48 AM
Poster ID: pumpster78
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Cheers Jack, glad i'm not alone in the sometimes blatant stupidity of the glass in half full attitude haha

Cheers Brian, will check it out now.


