Thread Title: Alana - Castle Hill - 0426 696 059
Floor: #1
Post Time: 11th April 2018, 11:52 AM
Poster ID: Naughtyboyyy
Post Title: 
 Alana - Castle Hill - 0426 696 059
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Alana

Establishment : Solo

Date of Visit : March 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0426696059. Found on lacanto advertised as AUSSIE BABE!

Hours of Business : 8am - 6pm

Rates : $250/30 mins

Age : I'm guessing 27-32

Size/shape : Size 8-10. Toned with big fake round breasts.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : BJ/FS

Value for money/recommend? : Yes and No. She's hot, but pretty mechanical. Good for a romp during the day.

My experience/comments : I booked Alana for a 30 min session when I was working from home. I figured it'd be a nice lunch break. I met her at her apartment and she was wearing the clothes that she'd just been to the gym in. She said that she would change, but I asked her not to because I got off on seeing what she'd look like out on the street instead of being all dolled up. We went into the bathroom and she stripped while I watched. She asked if I wanted a shower, so we got in and she used the shower head to wash us both. Nothing fun in the shower, she was just washing me. When we got out, she gave me a towel and asked me to take a seat on the bed. She came out wearing some nice lingerie and asked what I wanted. I told her to strip and then a BBBJ. She only does covered, which was fine. No gag reflex in sight, but she didn't seem into it, so I just bent her over the bed and finished with some doggy. She's very hot, but this was not an erotic experience.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 18th April 2018, 10:12 AM
Poster ID: indian_punter
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Alana

Establishment : Solo

Date of Visit : 17 April 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0426696059. Found on lacanto advertised as AUSSIE BABE!

Hours of Business : 8am - 6pm

Rates : $250/30 mins

Age : I'm guessing 27-32

Size/shape : Size 8-10. Toned with big fake round breasts.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : BBBJ/FS

Value for money/recommend? : Yes 

My experience/comments : 
Was supposed to meet the mistress today but she was unwell so decided to punt.
Didn't want Asian for lunch so looked up locanto and found Alana.

Phone was easy and booked for half hour.
$200 per half and $50 for a BBBJ
Went with the works.

Turned up. It's apartments in castle hill so easy parking.
To her room and had a quick shower  alone.
I prefer that.

Into the room.
She is a lovely girl. Talks wells and if you have time and chat then you will get a good intelligent conversation.
Something that draws me to caucs because the language barrier doesn't make it difficult to know more about them.

She lay down on her back and I kissed her all over and went down on her.
She said that business was very very slow due to cracker being down and she hadn't seen a client for a few days so I indulged her with a nice long session with my tongue.
She loved it.

She went down on me and gave me a very nice BBBJ. Lots of good attention and tongue work.

She lubed up and rode me. Very good action. She contracts her pussy perfectly and makes it a nice tight fit. Loved that.

Onto doggy and I gave her a good pounding. Nice tattoo on her back which I love so I enjoyed that. Beautiful soft skin. Nice soft ass to grab too.

I was a bit tired so into the side and after a few mins of that I came.
She cleaned me up. We chatted a bit more and then shower.

I will be back and I will definitely recommend her.
I think of you treat her well and talk to get to know her, you will get a more personal experience.

Enjoy.
She hot. The boobs are a tad too big for her frame but I enjoyed them. They were soft but clearly fake. Won't stop me even though I normally don't like fake. She used them well.

Sent from my SM-N950F using Tapatalk


Floor: #3
Post Time: 18th April 2018, 10:25 AM
Poster ID: bomberdoode
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
IP - Saw the pics. She looks hot. Are the pics on her Locanto ad real? Does she DFK?
Thanks for the review.

Her ad
https://sydney.locanto.com.au/ID_237...-BABE-200.html


Floor: #4
Post Time: 18th April 2018, 10:34 AM
Poster ID: indian_punter
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I didn't get DFK but I'd suspect if you ask her for it then she might. I was more interested in fucking her then kissing her so didn't care to try. Lol.
Pics are real.. that's her Tattoo.


Sent from my SM-N950F using Tapatalk


