Thread Title: Alana - Casula, Sydney - 0457 406 519
Floor: #1
Post Time: 13th July 2019, 02:14 PM
Poster ID: Oz.punter123
Post Title: 
 Alana - Casula, Sydney - 0457 406 519
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Alana

Establishment : 

Date of Visit : April 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.escortsandbabes.com.au/P...dent/Alanad69/

Phone : 0457406519

Hours of Business : 

Rates : $300/hr

Age : 19

Size/shape : curvy

Nationality or Ethnicity :  Aussie

Services Provided : GFE

Value for money/recommend? : yes

My experience/comments : 


Hello Fellow Punters

This is going to be my second review. So after having an horrid experience with E&B and then getting lucky on Skokka with Nicha ( check my review of her) i decided to give E&B another chance. While browsing through i came across Alana, she was advertising herself in Parramatta but as parking is a nightmare in Parramatta, i didn't go ahead with it. Luckly a few days later i saw her ad was now listed for Casula which is way more convenient for me, to decided to shot her a sms. got a quick reply that she is available. Drove to Casula, the location was a Motel with plenty of parking. Got to her room and this young but pretty girl in a bathrobe opened the door. A girl next door look, with long jet back hair, she greeted me with a kiss on the cheeks. She smelt really nice as she just came out of the shower but it was obvious that she was a bit nervous.  Financials out of the way she sent me off to the showers. 

So here is where the comedy starts, there was no hot water, infact the water was icy cold. I remember thinking to myself, its April and its Sydney, the water should be naturally hot if not atleast warm. Anyway, i manage to complete the shower and walked out to the room. It felt like i had just walked from the freezer into an oven. She had cranked up the aircon really high, but lowered it down on my request. We sat on the bed and started chatting and this is when i really checked her out, She is cute and bubbly with curves just the way i like them, her ad had her listed as size 14, i am no expert in women sizes but she was slimmer than the girls i have seen that have listed themselves as size 10. she told me she is from Darwin and it was only her second week escorting. We talked about alot of things and she showed me all her tattoos and what they meant. it actually felt like i was on a date and not just seeing an escort. 

We started kissing, slow and sensual at the start by lead up to DFK, after that i laid her down and went DATY. she has a beautiful pink pussy with outie lips, so suckable. I went to town on that and i could tell that she also enjoyed it from the shivers she was experiencing and also she didn't use any lube afterwards. We started with the mish and before that she asked me put the dom because she can't do it with her long nails. Then cowgirl and with her long hair flowing it was a pleasurable experience and then back to mish where is finished. 

So if you are after a cute girl next door look and a more sensual experience, i would highly recommend Alana next time she is in town


Floor: #2
Post Time: 14th July 2019, 12:06 PM
Poster ID: unclepj
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks
Your link does not work
Is there anywhere else to see her photos?
Unc


