Thread Title: Alanya - Campsie - 0424 704 558
Floor: #1
Post Time: 18th October 2015, 01:03 PM
Poster ID: joeblow954
Post Title: 
 Alanya - Campsie - 0424 704 558
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Alanya

Establishment: private

Date of Visit:24/6/15

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: Phone 0424 704 558 Alanya - Natural Big Breasts to play EE/F

Hours of Business: Anytime

Rates:$250/ph

Age: 28

Size/shape:BBW

Nationality or Ethnicity: Russian

Services Provided: CBJ

Value for money/recommend?: Would see her again just for her tits

My experience/comments:

I love a big booty and massive tits so I decided to give Alanya a call. I rocked up to her place and right in front of me were these enormous breasts -She is quite tall which put them at perfect height. Walked into her place and we started to get undress. She has nice big nipples that I sucked and licked. I laid down on the bed and she got a condom and started sucking. Was a good blowjob -She uses a lot of spit and knows what to do with her hands. Half way through I had to stop because i just needed those tits in my face. She then went back down on me and I finished in the dom.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 20th October 2015, 10:42 PM
Poster ID: jezzykiss
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
?how is the service apart from her tits?


Floor: #3
Post Time: 20th October 2015, 11:20 PM
Poster ID: WOTAN01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by jezzykiss


?how is the service apart from her tits
"""



jezzy, I suggest you read the review and make a decision. If interested, make an appointment, have a session and write a Review. You need some more and all you have done is ask questions.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 29th January 2020, 12:34 PM
Poster ID: trapper
Post Title: 
 Alanya Busty Russian Campsie, warning warning, avoid avoid avoid
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Alanya

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : Today, one hour ago

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://sydney.locanto.com.au/ID_383...an-EE-cup.html

Phone :0424704558

Hours of Business : All hours 

Rates : 120 for 30 min massage, 150 for 30 min F/S

Age : Says 33, which is about right

Size/shape : Large, very large

Nationality or Ethnicity :Russian 

Services Provided : Massage  and F/S

Value for money/recommend? : Without a doubt the worst experience in my forty years of punting

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)
Doing some business in the Canterbury area today and saw this one on Locanto and feeling like a massage, I thought I would give her a try.
Contact was easy and straightforward, I said I wanted a massage and made the booking.
She's a lot larger than what she advertises herself as, but I didn't have a problem with that.
Lives in a tidy , but old  bedsitter apartment in Campsie, massage is on a double bed, this is now where everything turns rapidly to shit.
Commences massage with a towel over you and she's basically massaging the towel, after a few minutes of a very poor massage I asked if she could remove the towel, she says the towel is there to absorb any sweat, I said " have a good look where can you see any sweat" she says "there's some here and there, " I said " no there isn't, have a good look".
So she removes the towel and is basically just massaging me with her fingertips, and very lightly as well, which is not doing anything for me,  I thought if I can get a fair HJ then this wasn't  a complete waste of time.
She asks me to turn over and asks if I would like a HJ, I said "yes", she says that for the happy ending  she has to use a condom , I said "that's fucking bullshit" you won't even be able to put a condom seeing how limp I was, I demanded my money back, naturally she refuses, she says "you don't expect me to handle you bodily fluids" , I said" this is supposed to be a massage service, and I'd i'm more concerned about bodily fluid from a pig like you , and in all my years you're the worst ever".
Normally I'm a gentleman and rarely resort to personal insults, but this PIG got my blood boiling, naturally she said that I was the worst client she ever had.
I got dressed and fucked off out of there, normally when a woman doesn't perform to my expectation I would rarely give a bad review as I think that they are only trying to make a living, but not with this one, she deserves every bad rap she gets.
Avoid avoid avoid


Floor: #5
Post Time: 29th January 2020, 02:30 PM
Poster ID: trapper
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Forgot to mention that she kept her clothes on the whole time, probably just as well.


