Thread Title: Alexa - Parramatta - 0426 479 193
Floor: #1
Post Time: 27th May 2020, 10:43 AM
Poster ID: forgnr
Post Title: 
 Alexa - Parramatta - 0426 479 193
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Alexa

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : Apr 2020

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://angelbabes.com/Escort-Profil...ort/Alexa1234/

Phone : 0426479193

Hours of Business :  varies

Rates : 30min – 300, 1h – 450 , BBBJ +50

Age : 25

Size/shape : Size 10 G Caps

Nationality or Ethnicity : European

Services Provided : FS, BBBJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

I found her profile on AB (above link) and texted. She replied quickly and we agreed on all conditions. I opted for 30 min due to my time shortage. I drove there and texted on agreed time. It was usual "Babe, almost there, give me five min", and 10 minutes later she provided with instructions. Her photos are genuine and quite accurate. She is probably bigger than the size 10, but she is not fat, it is more like a biggish frame. Personally I think she is in nice shape. Finances were sorted with quick shower afterwards.
We started with kissing, cuddling and undressing each other, except I was wearing only towel and she had more. I think her boobs are enhanced, but done nicely. We were exploring each other with gradual move to BBBJ. She is not Dyson, but it was very wet, sloppy and enjoyable with lots of saliva. Then, I returned her a favor with DATY, was trying to find her spot, and we moved to mutual pleasure where she continue with BBBJ and I fucked her with fingers. She seem to like it, although she is a bit sensitive down there.
Finally she dommed me and we started with doggy where I enjoy the mirror view of her swinging boobs and light spanking. Then switch to mish, I pumped with vigour having full view of her jumping boobs. It did not take long for me to fill up the sack.
Unfortunately time was up and I had to go. I think, we both lost track of time a bit. Thus it was quick shower and final light kiss goodbye.
Pros. She is very attentive with good personality. I like BBBJ is very wet and sloppy. She is obliged if asked to do something (within agreed boundaries). She is "present" and participating.
Cons. Can't say I found. May be BBBJ sucking could be a bit stronger.
Also, I was in control and was guiding what to do. I am not sure how she acts when let to decide, whether she is active or just waiting for instructions.
Overall, it was absolutely good visit and I would like to repeat with longer time.


