Thread Title: Alex & Jess - near Penrith - 0421 024 900
Floor: #1
Post Time: 21st March 2019, 01:50 AM
Poster ID: Max Bedroom
Post Title: 
 Alex & Jess - near Penrith - 0421 024 900
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Alex and Jess couple

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit: March 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: 0421 024 900 https://crockor.com.au/adult-service...-us-now_i48084 

Hours of Business: Call to confirm

Rates: $300 hh oral cof foreplay currently discounted by $50

Age: 28

Size/shape: trim

Nationality or Ethnicity: European Aussies

Services Provided: Full / BBBJ / COF (also CFS)

Value for money/recommend?: I had fun and will return

My experience/comments: 

Spent a half hour with Alex and Jess in their place near Penrith and really enjoyed the couple experience. They offer a full service (different price) and also foreplay which I took. This includes lots of oral and spanish, finishing with cof.

The pics on their ads are genuine. Jess is pretty, with great legs and a juicy booty, a tight waist and awesome natural boobs. Alex is built and has a dick that is shall we say larger than mine. Both of them are slim.

Their place is easy to find and once in I was offered a soft drink and we sat and chatted. Jess was in a sexy lace dress and heels as requested. She looked gorgeous.

In the room, Jess was generous with the oral, giving me an exellent bbbj. Alex and I took turns to feast on her. I quite like a free flowing session but I think Jess is good in control, and it's their way of helping the threesome to work. This saves the awkward confusion that can happen with 3.

Of course I wanted more than the foreplay session (slapped my cock against her butt while she sucked Alex) and Jess firmly told me to come back for more. I found them a lot of fun and I will return.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 5th June 2019, 02:21 PM
Poster ID: kumkok
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Jess and Alex

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit: Early May, 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: 0421024 900 https://crockor.com.au/adult-service...-us-now_i48084

Hours of Business: Not sure, but I saw them on a Saturday

Rates: $350 for oral and cof option

Age: 28

Size/shape: curvy 8

Nationality or Ethnicity: Italian Australian

Services Provided: BBBJ, COF

I decided to tick one off the bucket list after watching all those MMF videos on the old PHub. Saw their ad on crocker and thought it was a very nice looking lady with an even nicer looking ass indeed. Settled on a time and services provided (went for the COF). Now the only bummer to the whole experience is that they live quite far away from inner city old me. 

Rocked up to their place and saw Jess in a bathrobe. She's quite cute and even with a bathrobe I could see her curves. Offered me a seat in their living room and chit chatted for a few minutes before Alex came into the room. Both are super chilled and are obviously long-time swingers. As they later told me, they like being relaxed for their clients to feel relaxed as well. The fun part then started with Alex stripping first and me watching as Jess went down on a pretty large Alex. I got a bit aroused and it wasn't long before she was pleasuring me as well. 

Jess is pretty good at deepthroating and it was close to a PSE style without it being over the top or fake. She gagged and was sloppy and paid attention to the balls too. She then instructed to Alex to lie on the floor whilst she sat on her face and continued sucking me before I had to cum on her face. She took it like a champ and Alex got her a towel. She then suggested that I pleasure her orally too while she continued to suck Alex off. 

Alex then came on her tits. Again, part of the chilled vibe as Alex went to get a drink and Jess continued to suck me off with more attention to the balls. It took a bit more work but I came on her tits this time. A quick clean up in the bathroom and it was handshakes, hugs and good bye. 

A really fun, sexy experience. If I had the funds and the time, I wouldn't mind seeing them again.


