Thread Title: Ali - Private - Sydney - 0474 598 628
Floor: #1
Post Time: 22nd June 2016, 10:40 AM
Poster ID: oxyboy
Post Title: 
 Ali - Private - Sydney - 0474 598 628
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Ali

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : April 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0474598628 ? Hot & Steamy Fun With Sexy 20 yo Goddess Town Hall Station ? 0474-598-628 - Sydney escorts - backpage.com

Hours of Business : check with Ali

Rates : $250 for 30 minutes  $400 for 1 hour

Age : 20

Size/shape : Size 10

Nationality or Ethnicity : Caucasian/Aus

Services Provided : 
- Passionate Fun
- Protected Sex
- Massage
- Natural Oral
- CIM
- Deep French Kissing
- 69 and all positions
- Multiple Shots
- Mutual Oral

Value for money/recommend? : no/no

My experience/comments : Saw Ali's ad on backpage and it stood out not only for her red hair but her sexy figure and amazing eyes. she is definitely my type of girl so i was eager to set something up quickly. contacted her via text (it was still morning so dont want to call too early) and said i was free pretty much whenever so she agreed to meet within the hour. probably my first mistake as i know girls dont like to be rushed, but hey, i'm paying for this service, and i may have mentioned that i was mighty keen to get my hands on her. 
met her at CBD hotel, cant say that she was as good looking as her pictures, but she's definitely a sexy girl. but there were a few issues that made the experience one to forget. Paid for one hour session but got about 40 min
So first off, she seemed pretty cold when i arrived. that might just be her nature, but i certainly didnt feel "welcomed", secondly the Tv was on in the background, and her luggage was strewn across the floor which is an instant erection killer, and finally when i tried to get things going after a but of chat and asked so what do you think we should do? she just lay there and told me to "do what i normally do" which is the least sexy thing anyone has said to me. i also got scolded for asking her if she'd do something (might have been tit-fucking). she said yes, but it was a condescending - "well, it says i do in my ad" sort of thing.
so all in all it was a pretty terrible fuck. pretty boring head, boring sex, a lifeless tit-fuck. couldnt blow so ended up just having a shower and leaving. had paid for the hour so money down the drain.
i have read some reviews since on another site and it seems that she is hit and miss. my recommendation would be only see her if you are confident and happy to take the lead and tell her what you want.


