Thread Title: Ali 0458444915- Near Townhall, Sydney
Floor: #1
Post Time: 18th May 2016, 08:01 PM
Poster ID: JerkinJim
Post Title: 
 Ali 0458444915- Near Townhall, Sydney
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Ali

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 4-mar-2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0458444915- Near Townhall, Sydney- ? Hot & Steamy Fun With Sexy 20 yo Goddess Near Wynyard Station ? 0474-598-628 - Sydney escorts - backpage.com

Hours of Business : Says all day and night

Rates : $250 1/2 hour

Age : 20

Size/shape : Size 10.Curvy

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : DFK, BBBJ, CIM, FS

Value for money/recommend? : YES

My experience/comments : 
Seen Ali advertised on a couple of sites for a while and thought would give her a try. Tried calling but she doesn't answer the phone only texts. Which is fine by me. Arranged half an hour on short notice after work to see her. She was working out of serviced apartments which were easy to get too. Went up to her room and she greeted me at the door. She is stunning in person. She had a nice little dress on. We talked for a bit and got the business out of the way. 
Usual shower and all that. Come back in and she was still in the dress. Thought it was strange because most girls i have seen strip down before i get back. She invited me onto the bed and started french kiss">DFK. She then asked me to sit on the edge of the bed and turned her back to me and asked me to undress her. Got her kit off and she turned around and she had the holy grail of tits. Natural and perfect. I said as such and that got rid of any tension. 
She laid me down for BBBJ, which was great. She produced a condom out of thin air and slipped it on. She then climbed on board and rode me for a while. Was the best position, because could grab her amazing ass and had her boobs right in my face. Changed it up to missionary, was good but wanted to give it to her harder so changed to doggy. Loved having her ass slapping against me and pounded her as hard as i could. Time must of been running put because she collapsed on the bed asked me if i was close to cumming. I wasn't but I never can with a condom. I lay down and she gives another BBBJ but this time she is going all out trying to choke herself on my cock. Shoot a big load in her mouth and she ducks away to spit it out. 

Another quick shower and she shows to the door. quick kiss and hug, then head out.
Was a good time. Will definitely see her again.


