Thread Title: Alice - Ultimo - 0402 379 667
Floor: #1
Post Time: 8th January 2016, 02:04 PM
Poster ID: Tinypenisbigheart
Post Title: 
 Alice - Ultimo - 0402 379 667
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Alice

Establishment : PWL

Date of Visit : 08/01/16

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : ????????CBD $150/H on ultimo Rd. ????????0402 379 667 ,naughty??????????? - Sydney escorts - cracker.com.au

Hours of Business : not sure

Rates : $150/1 hr and $100 for 30 mins

Age : 35

Size/shape : 6

Nationality or Ethnicity : Taiwanese

Services Provided : CBJ DATY FS

Value for money/recommend? : price cheap,value ok

My experience/comments : So I wanted to start the new year with a bang and was looking through my usual crakers n backpage and found the page linked above.

Was msging her all morning and decided to book her in at 1245.
Got there and she opened the door, (works out of hotel opposite market city) and this tiny Asian girl opens up, that's when I should walked away but being a nice guy I walked into the door. She asks if I am Chinese and I answer meiyo then she starts talking to me in Mandarin and I hear "xa jien" then bye then opens the door...I am like OK then bye so I walk away..she starts to call after me and I ignored, I got to the lift and she rings me and she says something in Chinese, I don't understand a thing and she says do you want to come back? This is where I was no better walk away but I was too horny so decided to come back.
She opens door again and tells me she doesn't do asians or Indians because we are all rough and bad...and says you either can stay or go...I am fuck I m too horny so I stayed paid her $100 for 30 mins and if service good I stay for another hr...she tells me to go have a shower and I go clean myself up really well especially the tiny penis...

I come out and she lies me down and gets a dom for a CBJ, I asked no BBBJ so she decided to smell my tiny penis and says sorry honey I will do you CBJ...I am like WTF, I was so upset coz I knew I clean him pretty good with lots of soap...

She doms me up and proceed to give a CBJ which was OK, too mechanical and no style or expertise...she gives me her vagina to eat and I am like FUCK that, usually I love DATY but because she upset me I decided not to eat her...

Now you must remember that for a man with a small penis like me really need to compensate by pleasing via different methods since I can't thrust deep enough...

I m confident of my DATY skills and have made numerous WL cum through my DATY...

She has a big hole for a tiny Asian and has a small bush...I decided to finger her and spread her analhole open and was fuck I can fit my penis in there, its nearly as big as her hole...

She is too mechanical and only sleeps with white men so I was really put off...
She cowgirls and starts to FOAM and I am like WTF too loud.....this is a hotel and I hear children running outside, so I spread her on her back with legs up my shoulders then fucked her for a min and cummed inside her...

She cleans me up and tells me to rest so she goes take a shower...I sit there and try to relax but I thought I need to gtfo. She comes out then tells me to shower and hints that I should leave soon...

I take a shower then look at watch and see I have 17 mins left... I m fuck it I need to spend my money and get to know her to see that I can get it up again...I come out and she is fully dressed...I m like fuck..I lie on bed and we talk and she tells me abit about herself...

She is a nice girl cute but def doesn't look like 24 add at least 10 yrs... She is tiny and her pics are real, she has a really nice ass but more like A cups instead of B...

I don't want to say bad things but I wouldn't go back, first coz she is too mechanical and will do Bbbj if u make sure u clean urself really well...she doesn't suck nipples and do cat bath and she doesn't kiss at all...

Face I would say cute so 5/10, body is small and small tits but great ass and she has a really flat tummy with no stretch marks so 5/10 but her pus is big enough to pop 3 kids already and asians hardly get stretch marks.. Attitude she is a nice and sweet girl and tells u how it is, if u don't like her she will allow u to leave without embarrassing both of u but she should put in ad no asians or Indians so I give her 7/10. 
Service wise I give her 1/10...

I was gonna ask for massage n knew I had 10 mins left and by this time I was dress but hey how hard is to get a massage but she says time is nearly gone, so I m like fuck it I m getting out of here...

Writing this review an hr after the deed makes me upset and need to get a good root so I think imma visit 12 Bellevue to make it up...I work at central so close to it...

That's all folks, I m off to Bellevue and see if I can get another WL with better service..

Just like uncle j always says, until next time folks....


Floor: #2
Post Time: 8th January 2016, 04:03 PM
Poster ID: MooNoi
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Alice

Establishment : Private - Ultimo

Date of Visit : 07 Jan

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : ????????CBD $150/H on ultimo Rd. ????????0402 379 667 ,naughty??????????? - Sydney escorts - cracker.com.au

Hours of Business : Seems to vary depending on her schedule - has hours on ad, but doesn't seem reliable

Rates : $120 for 1 hour

Age : Says 24. Add 10 years. 

Size/shape : No tits, plain face, good butt, flat stomach.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Says Singaporean on ad, but tells me Taiwanese

Services Provided : CBJ, FS, DATY.

Value for money/recommend? : No. Didn't even get to cum. Would recommend staying away. 

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

Coincidence that TinyPenisBigHeart put the review above just as I come online to offer my experience of yesterday. I got a bit side-tracked so didn't get a chance until now to write it. I'm glad he had a similar experience and it wasn't just me. YMMV of course. I'm writing an honest account of my experience. 

A bit of background: Found the ad on Cracker as well and sms'd her. This was a couple of weeks ago. She was working out of Surry Hills in Albion Street back then.
After numerous SMS's a couple of weeks ago I made a time with her and was told to go to the alley around to an alley at the back of the address provided. Went there as directed, sms'd again and no reply. Waited about 30 minutes and still no reply. I sent another sms and again, nothing so I gave up. I wasn't too perturbed as I had business in the area anyway so I didn't divert too much.

Didn't think anything about it and out of the blue she sms'd me on Monday saying she'd moved to a hotel in Ultimo and would I like to see her again. Apologised for the mix-up but said she didn't get my sms. Offered a 'discount' of $10 to $120 per hour and promised BBBJ, kissing and no problem if we go over time a little bit.

Not happy she sms'd me - I like my privacy and luckily I got to the message before anyone else did. 

Anyway, why not go back and check her out? So I made a time for yesterday (Thursday) and off I went. Paid $120 as agreed after entering her room. 

The poster above is correct - she's definitely not 24. Probably 8-10 years older. I quizzed her on Singapore and she admitted she was from Taiwan but her mother was Singaporean. Er... ok. 
Her face is plain, her breasts are flat A cup but she does have a nice butt and tummy. (Pics on ad *could* be hers as they are mainly from behind which is her best asset).

In the shower and she was waiting naked on the bed. One of the hairiest bushes I've seen! 

She played some music out of her phone speakers - Coldplay's latest album if you want to know. 

Decided that I might as well get into it - well, tried to - and it went downhill from here. 

Wouldn't even kiss lightly and hated having her tits licked or sucked. Too sensitive. "Lick me instead baby - no boobs". 

Let me DATY (once I got through all the fur) but the FOAM was very off-putting, especially considering she was staring wide-eyed at the roof with a look on her face like she was mentally compiling her weekly shopping list. 

After she "came" - yeah right - told me to lie down and then got a condom out and tried to put it on my half-limp dick. I reminded her she said BBBJ was ok, and she then replied that "you not smell good baby". Well, talk about a mood killer. Let me just say here that I am scrupulous in my cleanliness there - especially when having a punt - and I've never had a working lady say this before. Quite offensive actually. She told me the same way someone would say your mother-in-law would tell you that your mantelpiece needs dusting almost with a "tsk tsk tsk" attached. 

Her CBJ wasn't great and lasted about 2 minutes. Then told me to fuck her and I was having trouble getting aroused to be honest. After a bit more DATY I was 80% there and hard enough to enter her with me on top. (She didn't want to go on top as I was "too big" which is crap). 

TinyPenis above is correct - it's like a cavern down there! I almost needed a railway sleeper tied to my arse to stop falling in. It was like dipping a string into a bucket. Not sure what she's done in her life, but by God she has a loose pussy! 

After 5 minutes of her pretending to enjoy herself and also going back to her shopping list I gave up and pulled out. This just wasn't going to work and I'd lost the vibe completely. 

Without even asking if I'd cum she jumped up and got into the shower. Came back out and started bullshitting about "good sex, darling! You good lick and fuck! Come back and see me soon!" 

Well, that won't be happening. I wasn't going to bother complaining at the price I'd paid, and 35 minutes after walking in I politely thanked her and then I left.

Really not a great punt at all. She's just not into sex and didn't provide what was promised. If you're not fussy and just want a cheap FS experience to get your rocks off she may be ok - just.
However, when there's 12 Bellevue up the road for the same price and with girls who generally go the extra mile to please and can be quite naughty it's a no-brainer to go there instead.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 8th January 2016, 04:11 PM
Poster ID: Tinypenisbigheart
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Lol sorry to hear you had as bad an experience as me lol I would of avoided her if u posted the review before me lol j/k but thanks bra, I hate giving out negative review and wasn't sure it was just me, I am glad that our YMMV was very close lol... Def won't ever see her again...she said I smelled, that was the worst thing ever happen to me during punting. Check out my awesome Nana review from Bellevue, she def made it up... I am happy now


Floor: #4
Post Time: 8th January 2016, 04:12 PM
Poster ID: exmelpunter
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"You not smell good baby" is my favourite line of the year so far. Pure gold. Never had that one pulled on me. Maybe she doesn't like the smell of brut or blue stratos hey moonoi!!??


Floor: #5
Post Time: 8th January 2016, 04:17 PM
Poster ID: MooNoi
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
LOL. I guess not, Emp! 

Not that I'm squirting Brut or Blue Stratos down my nether regions! 

As I said... Total mood killer.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 8th January 2016, 04:44 PM
Poster ID: WOTAN01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by exmelpunter


"You not smell good baby" is my favourite line of the year so far. Pure gold. Never had that one pulled on me. Maybe she doesn't like the smell of brut or blue stratos hey moonoi!!?
"""



Or maybe she is just used to plain old BO!


Floor: #7
Post Time: 8th January 2016, 07:48 PM
Poster ID: hard
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
As the old saying goes... maybe she's got her nose too close to her arse...


Floor: #8
Post Time: 9th January 2016, 06:40 PM
Poster ID: Bluey651
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Maybe she had her nose too close to your arse.

Definitely a real mood killer. Her prices do suggest she is not too interested in providing good service.

Better luck next time. Thanks for the heads up fellas


