Thread Title: Alice - Sydney - 0404 950 439
Floor: #1
Post Time: 9th December 2017, 06:10 PM
Poster ID: exiky
Post Title: 
 Alice - Sydney - 0404 950 439
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Alice

Establishment : Independent

Date of Visit : Late November

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0404950439  0404950439 escort reviews - 0404-950-439 pictures, rating - Sydney escorts

Hours of Business : Unsure

Rates : $250/hr, $150/half hr

Age : around 25

Size/shape : size 6, about 50kg

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : BBBJ, sex

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : Her skin is in quite good condition, not the normal flaky Asian skin that you find in a lot of shops, and she definitely knows her way around a man's private area. After I walked into her apartment, she led me to the bedroom and we had a little chat to get a bit familiar before getting down to business. She brushed me top to bottom with her tongue, deliberately teasing the private areas and making my blood rush. I could clearly see that she was enjoying the whole process and not treating it like an obligation. After that we touched each other around for a bit before she asked me if I wanted a footjob. Being the fetishist I am, I said yes. By the time she was done with that, my little brother was rock hard and we went right to sex. I wouldn't call her the tightest Asian girl I've had, because I've played around quite a bit during my high school and uni days, and hers was just about right for me. I pounded her for about 10minutes in missionary with her legs wrapped around my back and another 10 after I turned her around on doggystyle. We finished off with her on top.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 22nd December 2017, 08:59 AM
Poster ID: pauldog
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Mods please delete this post as I ended up with a double post - sorry!


Floor: #3
Post Time: 22nd December 2017, 09:03 AM
Poster ID: pauldog
Post Title: 
 Alice - Sydney CBD- 0404950439
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Alice

Establishment : Independent (maybe but probably not)

Date of Visit : Late December

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0404950439 ??Verified Pic?????? High class Model! Last 3 DAYS In &Out??? - Sydney escorts - backpage.com.au

Hours of Business : Unsure - I saw her in the AM (10 not 4!)

Rates : $150/half hr

Age : 30's (ad says 20 but that is doubtful)

Size/shape : size 6, about 50kg

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : CBJ, sex

Value for money/recommend? : Not for me

My experience/comments : I saw Alice for half an hour, no extra's (DFK and BBBJ are extra). She is older than advertised but other than that what you see is what you get. She is a tidy little thing with lovely breasts and a tidy figure with a cute bum.  Her English is very poor so limited conversation options unless you want to spend the session on google translate. This also means it is difficult to point out what is advertised Vs what is actually happening or not happening. She is supposedly an Independent worker but the text between us and her lack of English belie that I think.

My experience was mixed as firstly, once I arrived, paid and undressed, she hopped in the shower. I offered to hop in with her and wash her back but the offer was declined so I just lay on the bed for 5mins. Out of the shower and onto the bed she kissed and nibbled down my body and around my balls and then gave me a reasonable CBJ for a couple of minutes. She changed condoms after the CBJ and we went straight into some missionary. At this point I am yet to be able to kiss or caress her as each time I try she moves away. Any attempt to touch her breasts is rebuffed. From missionary I move her into a side lying position and go at it for a few minutes and at least in this position I am able to reach around her and cup one breast. As we did not seem to be on the same page I just finish off and she slips me out. She then gently cleans me up and I have a quick shower and leave. Paid for Half an hour and am out the door in 25mins flat so all up maybe 15mins actual play time and very reserved play time at that.

She seems like a nice and gentle person and she does have a great figure but for me it wasn't worth the walk across town but YMMV if you click with her - or you speak Chinese ; )


