Thread Title: Alissa Private St Clair .0416 227 289‬
Floor: #1
Post Time: 20th June 2018, 03:30 PM
Poster ID: unclepj
Post Title: 
 Alissa Private St Clair .0416 227 289‬
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Alissa

Establishment : Private Pub at St Clair NSW 

Date of Visit : 19/6/18

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0416 227 289‬. https://sydney.locanto.com.au/ID_247...-m-Alissa.html

Hours of Business : Call

Rates : 250 / 60. O paid 200 for 45 and $50 for her ass. Good value

Age : 23

Size/shape : Size 10

Nationality or Ethnicity : Leb

Services Provided : FS & Anal

Value for money/recommend? : Yup

On the way back from Bathurst I was looking for some fun so checked out Locanto and Alissa took my eye. That is after texting Jenna only to find her in Melbourne. Bugga!

Decided to go with the gut feeling after some text that she was genuine and the promise of "I anal for $50" do it every time.
Arrived and knocked on door and was greeted by a drop dead gorgeous young woman same as the picture dressed in a scanty string bikini.
Shower please was the first order and she sat on the bed watching me with a great smile. Picture perfect face and great body. Engrish not so good but passable.
Out I came and she rose and embraced me tightly. First no kiss my mouth! Thats a bummer. Second you can do whatever you want to me. Bonus round to me.

Top came of and her boobs are cute B cups with great nipples that are hard as. She is hotny. Lots of sucking and face, neck kissing and I put her back onto the bed pull her briefs of and go down on her for DATY. Pussy is hot and gets really wet. She loves this and just yells lightly Yes, Yes Yes. Get her to cum after a while and then she dom's me up for a real hard CBJ lots of head bobbing and saliva all over my cock but she is good.

I have to stop her before I come! I got her into mish with her ass up in the air and lube her ass. Just get in and the bloody bed is on castors and we start to slide across the floor. Pull out and get her into doggy in the middle of the bed to re-enter her tight ass. I was in heaven as I love anal sex. (dont care who with). What a sight is this cute young woman with my cock balls deep in her ass. The feeling is totally different to vaginal sex and before long I come inside her and stay there until I fade.
Alissa has a big smile and hugs me tight. You happy? Oh yes!

She has been here 6 months and working for 3 months. Intends to stay at St Clair for the next 3-4 months

By the end of our session we were lip kissing and she was good at that. I guess the next time I see her we will just start with vaginal sex and go from there. She probable will let me DFK her then 

If you want to fuck a pretty young thing and have some great anal sex then this is it out west. She is only working during the day as entry to her accommodation is awkward after 7pm

Great session and I will see her again for certain

Unc


Floor: #2
Post Time: 20th June 2018, 03:34 PM
Poster ID: milfaddict
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Shame no BBBJ but can't complain about the rest!


Floor: #3
Post Time: 20th June 2018, 03:38 PM
Poster ID: unclepj
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by milfaddict


Shame no BBBJ but can't complain about the rest
"""



CBJ was almost Porn Star all good


Floor: #4
Post Time: 22nd June 2018, 11:58 AM
Poster ID: copul8er
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Damn great review. St Clair is my old stomping ground.
So at the pub?....Blue woof woof?


