Floor: #1
Post Time: 4th October 2019, 11:06 PM
Poster ID: WickedWilly
Post Title: 
 Allissa - CBD/Haymarket - 0449 823 504
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Allissa - CBD/Haymarket- 0449823504

Establishment : n/a

Date of Visit : September 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.escortsandbabes.com.au/P...allissaescort/ (fake pictures)

Private Apartment, Sydney CBD - Nearish World Square

Phone : 0449823504

Hours of Business : 7 days 11:00-late

Rates : FS/GFE (cbj), 250/h

Age : Mid 30s

Size/shape : Size-6, ~158cm, 45kg ish D cup (maybe more)

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese (Malaysian)

Services Provided : GFE(cbj)

Value for money/recommend? : Yes, YMMV and some caveats apply - see below

--

My experience/comments :

Striking out to new pastures something about this add caught my eye, texted a while back got a quick answer.

Now, IMO, there is no way you are going to book a girl looking like the chick in the add for FS 250/h, so I am definitely in punting mode for this one.

I texted again once I had settled on some free time at the beginning of her day, so 10:00 am. I asked for a leisurely GFE, she said ok. Boundaries defined by return were lip kiss, cbj and make love - nothing else.

Turned up, and was made to wait over 15 mins, I actually texted "Bye" and walked at 15. However, she managed to text me in a way that had me turning round and going in, so in the end 20 mins late, and in hindsight I think I made the right call.

So we are off to a bad start and I am wound up tight, but when the door opened I was in for a surprise. A surprisingly well put together Mid 30's short, quite slim but not skinny, face with a cute smile and huge chest. Said chest was well constrained by a sexy lacy leotard affair and a little micro JK style skirt showing g-string . I dropped the cash on the chair in the bedroom she had led me too, and had fun watching her bend over to collect it as I walked to the shower.

"Thanks for waiting, your so kind" (blah blah, my eyes glaze over). Turns out she had overslept. I undress and get in the shower, and decided to forgive and forget... mainly on the advice of my little brain, her massive tits and my big brain not liking staying annoyed for too long. After the shower and feeling better, we started to play.

She finally apologized for how late ishe was and making me wait, but told me not to worry I would have my 1hr in full and, she added, "I will fuckee you good" and it was on.

Now, a digression. There is no freaking way with her limited English that she wrote that advert. Also, there are two entries for her:

https://www.escortsandbabes.com.au/P...allissaescort/ and
https://www.escortsandbabes.com.au/P...llissaissohot/

Take a look at the mental long list of "things preferred in private". The only extra on offer today would have been be a bbbj for $30 more, but I didn't even want a bj today covered or otherwise, but I still got my balls sucked without prompting - which was nice.

She didn't seem know about these adverts and a little more browsing for Asian escorts in the area reveals a set of similarly styled pairs of adds, each with clearly faked too good to be true images, and with the exact same list of extras. You have been warned. Someone out there is definitely acting as an agent.

However, all that aside, I lucked out. This girl was nice and fun. After some sensual playtime, I got my desired slow shag in three movements: cowgirl,  sitting face to face and mish to finish. The lip kiss limits went by the board, to be clear she initiated that and I'm like ok then FK it is also she seemed to enjoy things as much as I did, and appeared to come about a minute before I did.

After a while of post coital cuddle, I showered again, dressed and as I left she gave me her private # and wechat and promised me a nice surprise if I came back.

So after all that, not bad, and I probably will return.


