Thread Title: Amelia - Sydney CBD - 0455 881 747
Floor: #1
Post Time: 8th October 2013, 11:03 PM
Poster ID: CunningLinguist
Post Title: 
 Amelia - Sydney CBD - 0455 881 747
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Amelia
Establishment : Private
Date of Visit : Sep-2013
Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Amelia Private Sydney Escort
Hours of Business : Flexible
Rates : $320 45min
Age : Late 20s, maybe early 30s
Size/shape : 7/10, Short, a little overweight, not fat though. She looks good in heels.
Nationality or Ethnicity : Korean
Services Provided : DFK, DATY, 69, DTBBBJ, GFE, PSE, Spanish, COF, CIM, Squirting
Value for money/recommend? : Yes, a little pricey though
My experience/comments :

Amelia is a pretty girl, her web pictures are genuine but they are carefully presented and perhaps were taken when she was a bit younger. She is not stunning. She had a great attitude and was fun to be with. She is probably the most orgasmic girl I have met. Her orgasms were seismic and wet and I lost count ...

Her DTBBBJ is excellent, I felt the tip of my penis hard against her throat and go all the way, her lips were touching my groin area, full shaft penetration, and she made gagging noises, not once or twice but quite often. She is really great at face fucking! Afterwards my dick felt a little tired from the ocassional tooth brushing against it, but when a girl can face fuck like this you can't hold it aganst her, phenomenal!

She is not afraid of cum either, she let me squeeze every last drop of cum over her face/lips/tongue and then lied there in no hurry to cleanup just savouring the moment. I reckon she should hook up with a like minded co-worker and offer a cum swapping service.

She was a pleasure to be with and really enjoys her work!


Floor: #2
Post Time: 9th October 2013, 05:30 PM
Poster ID: craig101
Post Title: 
 private escort - Amelia Sweet
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Ameila Sweet

Establishment : Escot - Sydney

Date of Visit : October 2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : mobile number 0455 881 747

Hours of Business : Seven days

Rates : around $450 an hour

Age : 22-25

Size/shape : Slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian

Services Provided : Full sex, Girlfriend experience, Deep French Kissing, oral sex

Value for money/recommend? : Yes well worth expenditure!

Often travel to Sydney for business purposes.

To help occupy my time I decided to contact Ameila Sweet.

Made a 2 hour booking. 

I was pleased she could make the time in such short notice.

The moment she entered my motel room I could not help but noice how beautiful she looks.

She looks exactly like her photos. 

Could not wait to see her naked.

After a few minutes we were both naked playing with each other.

She is very sensual and knows exactly how to get a man turned on.

Her breasts are very sexy and are great during sex.

The sex was outstanding and provided the best oral sex experience. 

Value for money!


Floor: #3
Post Time: 16th October 2013, 12:47 PM
Poster ID: Nachojones
Post Title: 
 Amelia - Sydney (CBD) - 0455 881 747
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Amelia

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 12/10/13

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0455881747, Amelia Private Sydney Escort

Hours of Business : check her ad, link above

Rates : $450 after extras

Age : 24

Size/shape : size 8 curves in the right places, D naturals

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian

Services Provided : DFK, BBBJ, DATY, FS, COF CIM (CIM is $50 extra)

Value for money/recommend? : absolutely 

My experience/comments :  I love my Asian girls, there's just something about them.. I felt today was a good day to try some fortune cookie. I was after an excellent punt and not some cheap Asian brothel where u come out feeling cheated by some ugly ass fob. I checked out my fave escort site Private Girls and soon found Amelia's profile, Amelia is a 24 yr old uni student with a natural D size cup ! Wow don't see that on Asian girls all the time ! I read on and liked what I saw and sent her a text and soon she replied and booked a time for the next day at her joint.
i reach her apartment and after laying eyes on Amelia I was blown away, her pics r extremely hot but tegu don't do her justice, Amelia is wearing a tight dress with heels, she comes near me and wispers 'I hope you're ready for me' and with that we embraced in some DFK. Her lips and skin are remarkably soft, after rubbing my rock she pushed me off as she took off her dress only leaving on her bra and thong. Her body is just like a pornstars and her natural Ds had me erect. She went down on her knees and undid my pants and then proceeded to give me an amazing bbbj with lots of slurping and gagging, her cocksucking skills had me weak, this girl loves giving head, so much head, I woke up in sleepy hollow !! I then removed her thong and started feasting on her smoothly waxed twat that made her cum, as she crossed the line she pulled my hair which hurt lol ! But it was arousing nonetheless.. Onto the main course we started off in mish and my cock between her legs was a divine feeling, she had a tight Asian pussy that had me going wild.. With her on top which she enjoyed and the sight of her big natural tits bouncing made this a punt to remember. After a few other positions she starts to ask for my cum, she takes off the dom and slurps away and eventually I cum inside her pretty mouth with some spilling on her tits. She thanked me for the load as we cleaned ourselves up and she walked me outside, I still had a smile on my face.. Man I love Asian chicks who know how to fuck.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 16th October 2013, 01:04 PM
Poster ID: andrewblake
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Another great review.. 

AB


Floor: #5
Post Time: 16th October 2013, 01:27 PM
Poster ID: ozreview1970
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Here here for the great review and big wad of cash nacho has...one of the seven deadly sins...envy...but of course lust takes over that.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 9th April 2014, 01:57 PM
Poster ID: btrizzle
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Amelia

 Establishment : Private

 Date of Visit : 10/6/13

 Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0455881747, Amelia Private Sydney Escort (Now In Melbourne)

 Hours of Business : 

 Rates : $300 an hour (before price change)

 Age : 24

 Size/shape : Size 8, D Breats

 Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian

 Services Provided : DFK, BBBJ, DATY, FS, COF, CIM

 Value for money/recommend? : Yes

 My experience/comments : I saw Amelia a while ago before she changed her prices by quite a bit and while she was still regularly based in Sydney. Based on her excellent reviews and squirting ability, she was someone who I was keen to see and I was not disappointed. She's basically Australian with a Chinese background and her English and conversation skills are excellent.

Upon arriving to her apartment in the CBD, I was greeted by a pretty and warm girl who gave me a nice DFK before my shower, When I got out, we played in the kitchen area and moved to the bed where she had a vast array of toys. I was playing with her pussy and she is one of the best squirters I've ever been with. She came easily, hard and often. Like over and over again. And even when she grew weak and wobbly legged, she pushed through when I would continue to finger her and play with her clit. The sex was great too with every position you would hope for and her moons and orgasms made the experience even better.

Her BBBJ skills were fantastic as she played with my balls and ass a bit while doing all of this all in one motion and I eventually came on her breasts after previously cumming inside the dom the first time around. None of this was rushed at all and she is not a clock watcher. I tried to get a hold of her a few times after that but she was either booked out or not working that day. Then she unfortunately raised her prices by $150 an hour and then moved back to Melbourne. Now I realise she still visits Sydney and Canberra but it seems her prices have gone up yet again!

It's a shame and good for her as she will probably be just as busy and make the money, she was a bargain at $300 an hour but whatever the price, whoever sees her will not be disappointed.

Looks: 8/10
Body: 8/10
Service: 9/10
Premises: 8/10

Again, sorry for the delay in all of these reviews.


