Thread Title: Amira - Olympic Park - 0450397305
Floor: #1
Post Time: 28th June 2017, 02:56 AM
Poster ID: silver129
Post Title: 
 Amira - Olympic Park - 0450397305
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Amira

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 01/05/17

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0450397305, twitter is @escort_amira, has ads on backpage

Hours of Business : call and ask her

Rates : 250$ for the 30 min

Age : Early 20s

Size/shape : Short beautiful & pale skinned, natural tits and ass

Nationality or Ethnicity : Turkish

Services Provided : CBJ, FS, DATY, kissing, GFE

Value for money/recommend? : No not really 250 was a bit steep for me, I think her value is around 200/180 maybe, dunno.

My experience/comments : After contacting her through a couple of txt messages we sort out a time, her responses were pretty quick. She gives me a location of a I think 5 star hotel in 
Olympic Park so I head on down for the 40 min drive. I cant find any parking so I risk the 15 min parking spot. I wasn't able to check whether she could open the hotels garage from her room so no info there. Though I do think she should be able to.

I make my way up to the room and she opens the door and shes wearing a nightrobe with nothing underneath I believe. Currently in her ads and in her twitter she is using her real pictures so credit to her for that but at the time of the visit I had come seeing a different ad so I was sort of disappointed, she is still pretty hot though so I decided to go through with it, not much you can do when the pecker is piloting the brain. Shes got good fluent English with the sort of lebo accent and she tells me to hop in the shower to get started and I get a nice clean towel from her, 5 star hotel so the shower is great.

We start off with a bit of daty which I regret because has an unwashed smell to it in a close proximity so I'm not really enjoying it. we change up with some cbj and her skills in this department are pretty shitty as well and I'm starting to get punters regret pretty quickly, I guess the bj was too slow and unenthusiastic so I'm not really feeling it. Either way my pecker is sort of up and ready and so we move on to some missionary followed by doggy, the smell from her pussy keeps getting to me and so I start pumping away just to get over the line. Finished with 15 min left to spare from the 30 min but I wouldn't say it was rushed, I just wasn't enjoying it at the time.

She lacked enthusiasm for any part of the sex but as soon as I finished she got into a very talkative and happy mood. She likes to talk about her friends and herself, a bit self centered so I was getting bored with the talk and I had my car on the 15 min parking so I left in a hurry, she asked if I wanted to shower again but I'm afraid for my car so I'm out the door. All in all it was one of my shittier punts but I've had worse and I had to tick a hot arab off my list. Currently on her twitter it says shes in Melbourne so we'll see when she gets back , in the meantime the Melbourne boys can have her.


