Thread Title: Amy - Concord - 0452390719
Floor: #1
Post Time: 1st February 2019, 03:39 PM
Poster ID: pj80
Post Title: 
 Amy - Concord - 0452390719
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Amy

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 1/02/2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :.0452390719

AMY Available for couples Sydney - AusAdult

Hours of Business : 10am onwards

Rates : $250 per half hour $350 hour

Age : 36

Size/shape :.size 8(tall).

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : everthing is extra

Value for money/recommend? : NO

Contact with Amy is very easy and she is very good at letting you know her times etc.

Got to her place and she was running late had to wait 15mins for  her. Once she was ready she let me in and i can say her unit at the end of the block is rather private and is the ultimate inner west workers house, very ptivate and discreet.

Walk up the stairs  and greeted by Amy in great matching bra and suspenders. Was taken to the bed room and has shower all very good her shower is decked out with everything yoj need. Then back to the bedroom and she showered.

On her return she was very plesent and wsnted to start wigh z massage, ok nothing more then a timd wasting ploy however.
She the fondled around looking of a condom and goes to stsrt a CBJ had agreed on BBBJ but No this $50 extra. 

So 5min of head and shes wanting to know if i want to cum on her face  and she not ugly and i figure my cum would look grest on her face, $100 extra, stuff that. Move onto sex and she lube the crap out of her lower regions and puts on the dom. I now going soft quicker then the butter in a heat wave.
But i manage to get inside her just.

Now this one has a dirty mouth on her and it started off great hearing her dirty words egging me on, but it soon got way out of hand. Into doggie and god will you just shout up with the outrageous dirty talk now, would have just rathered fake moans of pleasure or the humming of elevator music anything but her now over the top dirty talk.

In the end her phone rings and i just can't do it anymore. It wasn't her looks it wasn't the sex it was just her over the top dirty talk. So i pulled out and finished my self off all over her titts and got a little sneaky shot on her face, lol. 

Showered and was getting ready and during some small talk found out shes only been doing this the last 4 months and that another bloke was on the way. Wanted to wait for him and warn him off but figured it wasn't my place. 

So overall i didn't mind Amy's looks she was tall and had a great body and set of titts but i with all the over the top dirty talk and wanting extra $$$ for everything, she's over priced herself in my view but others may find her their cup of tea and may have a better experience.


