Thread Title: Amy (mature Asian) - Summer Hill - 0429 128 394
Floor: #1
Post Time: 1st September 2016, 11:53 PM
Poster ID: Bluey651
Post Title: 
 Amy (mature Asian) - Summer Hill - 0429 128 394
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Amy

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : August 21st. 2016

Contact Details/Address. ???Hot Busty Asian Cougar FIRST TIME IN Sydney Big Nipples - Lick, Suck, Fuck? $120 HALF HOUR??? - Sydney escorts - cracker.com.au

Hours of Business : unsure

Rates : $200 hour

Age : 37. Probably accurate

Size/shape : size 8. Nice c cups. Very pretty. Not her picture in ad. I felt she looked better but not as busty 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian

Services Provided : Light kissing ( ad says passionate??). Cat bath. BBBJ, DATY, FS. Clit play

Value for money/recommend? : yes

Experience: I called in the evening and went to vist Amy at her hotel. She greeted me with a nice kiss and hug. She is short, busty and pretty. I showered and met her after. She was semi disrobed. Naturally I helped. She kept a midriff stocking on. I noticed a couple of scars ( may have been a bad procedure, or something similar). It didn't bother me as she was pretty and friendly and the midriff attire was still alluring.

I removed her bra. Her breast were still very nice but a,little,smaller than thenDD look her bra gave her. I don't know what it is with Asian bras. If they had underpants then I would buy them so I could look like Mandingo. 

We kissed and I kept suckling and gently rubbing her clit. She came in a shuddering but silent way. She then kissed me. She would only peck kiss, unless she came then she was all over you. She then did the standard cat bath but followed up with a long and slow BBBJ. Lots of licking, slurping and DT. My eyes were rolling. I love this type of BBBJ.

She then got on in Cowgirl. She was going hard and every time I told her to slow up she would go harder. I pulled her into me and I then rolled her into Mish so I could control the moment. She loved it. We went doggie and she came again and kept saying."good fuck-Don't stop". Always one to do what I am told I kept going. Back into Mish and then side saddle. She loved the feel of side saddle and kept yelping and pushing against me, harder and harder. 

I grabbed her hips and then rubbed her clit as I kept thrusting. She squealed and I came. She kept pulsing her pussy muscles and I kept coming. The Dom was filled and I was empty. We lay together for a while in the afterglow. We showered and I left.

Amy was quite good value. I would visit again. She should use her own pictures in the add as she is very pretty and does have a nice body.


