Thread Title: AMY DEA - Concord - 0452 390 719
Floor: #1
Post Time: 2nd May 2020, 06:08 AM
Poster ID: bigchevy
Post Title: 
 AMY DEA - Concord - 0452 390 719
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : AMY DEA

Establishment : Private escort

Date of Visit : JAN20

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0452 390 719, scarletblue.com.au/escort/amy-dea

Phone :0452 390 719

Hours of Business : by appointment, usually from 08:00 til late

Rates : $400 p/hr

Age : 36

Size/shape : tall 5'11", sz 10-12, glamazon, Natural D cups

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : GFE PSE

Value for money/recommend? : YES

So i have a thing for American porn star > Dee Williams.
so whats a bloke suppose to do, when he very randomly comes across an ad for her lookalike Amy Dea on Locanto of all places??


well do some research first of course. No reviews found. and very little by way of description of services any where in her ads (found 6-7 ads at various sites)


decided to TOFTT


 Now i know she's not her twin sister in looks, but she was close enough for me, to get the blood pumping, thinking about DW and reach out with a text.


Details sent, and sealed the deal with a phone call confirmation at her request 





incall booked on short notice out of her loft apartment at Concord - easy parking. no public transport


$250 - 30 mins





Amy greets me at the door all bubbly and smiles with a short, undone black silk robe, sexy G-String and no bra, with an amazing set of boobs and hard nipples swinging around freely. Awesome sight.


Amy's very tall > easy - 5'11' , slim, though with some middle age curves. All good 9/10


Her loft is bright and airy, and looks like a 5 star hotel. Well appointed. One of the best private in-calls I've visited


She's very friendly and goes out of her way to make me feel welcome. 10/10





showered and into the bedroom. I think Amy would deliver on any type of experience you want. She's very professional but NOT clinical. Had the genuine impression she just wanted me to have the best experience. personality 9/10


When she asked me how i would like to start, i just said take me for a wild ride!





the next 45 mins was indeed a wild ride.


A hot and sweaty, frantic and at times erratic messed up jumble of:


DFK, CBJ, DT, TOYS, Dirty Talk, DATY, 69, HJ, FIV, FIA, CG, with a COF finish with Amy rubbing my juice all over her face. 9/10





A quick clean-up, and she gave me a very professional and erotic massage on my back and legs before reaching under to play with the goods.9/10


Hard again (surprising for me at my age) on to round 2





CBJ, 69, Doggy, FIA, condom off for Spanish, loads of dirt talk and COF COB finish, Big smiles from Amy 9/10





Post Coitus:


$250 half included as above


extras: Greek, GS and i'm sure other delightful options - none taken during my booking.


no BBBJ - but it didn't detract from my experience


a little erratic, probably due on part part trying to squeeze in 120 mins of performance into 30 mins lol


not a clock watcher - end up 45 mins when i walked out all good, 9/10


great Massage - would book for that on her skills.


thank God for acronyms lol





WIR? once or twice a year, but wouldn't make it regular


did she tick off my Dee Williams Fantasy Fuck....oh hell yeah 10/10


Floor: #2
Post Time: 3rd May 2020, 02:11 PM
Poster ID: pashon8
Post Title: 
 Amy Dea Concord Canada Bay 0452 390 719
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Amy Dea

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : May 2020

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.escortsandbabes.com.au/P...endent/AmyDea/ 

Phone :0452 390 719

Hours of Business : 8am till late. After 9pm night rates apply

Rates : $400 1hour $250 30min

Age : Early 50s

Size/shape : Tall. Nice healthy shape for her age but no spring chicken

Nationality or Ethnicity : European

Services Provided : Massage, CBJ, FS

Value for money/recommend? : OK

My experience/comments : 

So with the government already talking about easing restrictions and infection rates being low I decided to venture out to see a private. Was thinking about Lily at Strathfield but wanted to see someone different to spice things up. Also wanted to see a Non Asian Milf which use to be common about 20 years ago but not so much these days and not cheap either.

Booking with Amy was simple. Answered the call straight away and made a booking. She is a home based working and was showing me the email that NSW Health sent over on their covid safe homebased sex guidelines. I showered and washed head to toe. Normally I would only wash armpits and below waist before commercial sex but this is probably the new normal.

Amy is tall, blonde and busty. The photos on her profile are real but most likely old as she isn't as fit in real life but by no means fat either. After the shower I followed her lead and laid down on the bed for a soft massage. After a while I turned over and she oils my tool my for a slow tug before the dom went on for CBJ while I played with her clit. Then I got her to jump on for cowgirl. Her boobs are magnificent. Flipped over for missionary but didn't last long enough to get to doggy. I was talking dirty and she told me to fuck her hard. Normally I would go in for the kiss but throughout the whole session I was very mindful and almost paranoid to breathe in her exhaled air. I blew my load fairly easily. She cleaned me up and wanted to go at it again straight away but I was drained of fluid so we chilled for a while before a second round. But I was spent so no second shot was fired.

Was a nice experience but without a fear of being too close to her face I would not see her again anytime soon. Would rather spend it on a younger lass for the eye candy with not as close face to face proximity.


