Thread Title: Amy - Chatswood - 0410 088 855
Floor: #1
Post Time: 21st November 2010, 12:25 AM
Poster ID: FriarFuck
Post Title: 
 Amy - Chatswood - 0410 088 855
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Amy

Establishment (if applicable):

Contact Details/Address: 0410088855, Johnson St Chatswood

Hours of Business: 
Prices: 100 half / 170 per hour 

Age:22

Size/shape: Size 6ish, big tits, hot little ass

Nationality or Ethnicity: Japanese

Services: CBJ, FS

Value for money/recommend?: good value for money, but it was cheap 

My experience/comments:
This ones from cracker....
http://cracker.com.au/sydney-nsw/ero...urn=1&pageno=1

You usually get what you pay for, and in this case i was horny and up for just about anything... Tried for a tight little 19yr old that works out of the same place, but she was busy (probably with the dude who's clothes were in the bathroom - yuk!) so settled for Amy.
Amy has a nice body with big (albeit with a slight sag) tits. Trimmed pussy and a hot ass.
Started off with the usual Asian nipple suck (ie her on me) - Do most guys find this a turn on? I never really understood it - does nothing for me, so i pushed her downstairs for what i hoped would be a bbbj... No such luck and on with the dom (which was well wiped down with tissues) for a nice cbj. Good action, nice and deep (love how big my cock looks around little asians).
Tried to feel her up, but in typical asian style didn't like her pussy fingered - offered gloves in case i wanted to have a go, but that's not really my thing...
Moved on to sex which apparently requires a condom change - after about half an hour of trying my best to make her scream the room was getting pretty hot as there is no air conditioning. Decided to do the lazy boy and let her have a go for a while to cool down... She rode me well but seemed to be getting impatient so i let her jerk me off until i blew a nice big load which she dutifully cleaned up.
Spent the last 5 minutes talking about her virgin ass and why white girls had bigger asses than asians 
All in all a nice release... nothing special, but for 170 what do you expect!


Floor: #2
Post Time: 21st November 2010, 03:01 AM
Poster ID: wjjk
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Most Asian do BBBJ as a standard service, well, it's great for 170, does she do BBBJ for a little extra?

cheers


Floor: #3
Post Time: 21st November 2010, 06:31 PM
Poster ID: FriarFuck
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
It wasn't offered and as she seemed to be pretty particular about the doms i didn't bother asking... If she does it would probably be one of those where she is spitting in the tissues every minute which kind of ruins it for me .
Only extra i asked about was anal as she had a very nice ass... She politely declined and stated that her ass was virgin and that the tip of my finger was as far as she goes!


Floor: #4
Post Time: 22nd November 2010, 08:09 PM
Poster ID: Sydney99
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hello .. Nice review,been there once looking for jp girl but told that day was singaporean girl in duty so went up,see the girl doesnt sound like sg so i walked out.
Didnt know they have 2 girls in 1 day! How sure you taht she is real japanese?
Oh and whi is that 19yo girl??? Please do tell us


Floor: #5
Post Time: 23rd November 2010, 10:46 AM
Poster ID: FriarFuck
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
She definitely looked Japanese. The dirty kind not the anime cartoon kind (unfortunately). 
Whatever she was by that stage she could have been a fat Aussie and I would still have humped her...
Re the 19yo (Chinese). I haven't caught her yet. She doesn't start until after 5 as she has "school" in the city. Mmmnnnn


