Thread Title: Anastasia Moore, outcall only - Sydney CBD - anastasiaescortsydney@gmail.com Email or webform only
Floor: #1
Post Time: 1st June 2015, 11:24 AM
Poster ID: Poser
Post Title: 
 Anastasia Moore, outcall only - Sydney CBD - anastasiaescortsydney@gmail.com Email or webform only
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Anastasia Moore

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 30 May 2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : http://sydney.locanto.com.au/ID_4783...hrill-You.html and her own website: Anastasia Moore | Contact Anastasia Moore, Sexy Independent Escort

Hours of Business : check

Rates : 200/30min, 300/hr, 500/2hr, 650/3hr

Age : early 20s

Size/shape : curvy, DD bust

Nationality or Ethnicity : cauc

Services Provided : FS, BJ, DFK, Rimming,

Value for money/recommend? : yes

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

I managed to score a weeklong stint in the big smoke last week and got put up in a hotel in the CBD. Work was pretty hectic and decided to reward myself. Had a look through locanto and this girl caught my eye and the services that she offered was more than what a WL of similar age and experience would offer. Decided to book her and sent off an enquiry on her website. THe booking was fairly easy and straightforward and she is pretty negotiable on rates of more than 1 hour. I endued up booking her for the 3 hours pornstar with the "extra" service.

She is pretty punctual and dress conservatively - we decided to have a drink at the lobby before heading up to my room (as you need one of those keycards). To anyone, it would appear that we were old friends catching up - she was very chatty and friendly. 

Up in the room and after a health check, we started off with kissing with us undressing each other before heading to the shower for some watery fun - BBBJ with cim and DATY with her squirting  dried off and onto bed, where we continued to DFK before mounting her and pounding the bejesus out of her shaved pussy. She was nice and tight and was very enthusiastic about it. cowgirl then doggy before firing off the tadpoles   Anastasia delivered on all her services in the pornstar service - DFK, BBBJ and cim, some spanking and anal sex. By then end of the session, I was more than satisfied and we came numerous times (lost count after 3). 

Would definitely see her again when I'm in the CBD.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 1st June 2015, 11:41 AM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Anastasia's Locanto ad,






Killer Curves and Kinky Fun - New Young Escort to Thrill You - 19
.
.
Some girls are just made to lead a man into sin, and 19 year old Australian student Anastasia is one of them. Statuesque at 5'9 tall with all the feminine curves of a dress size 12, this DD fresh faced beauty is ALL woman.

And that is what makes her such a hot new experience in town - innocent youth on the surface but the cravings, desires and dirty deeds of an expert courtesan.

From the flirtiest, dirtiest fantasies of your wild wet dreams this eager and easily aroused teen has stepped onto the streets of Sydney to deliver one hell of a wild ride.

Anastasia offers two levels of service:

Girlfriend Experience

This is an inclusive service where you are the heart of Anastasia's attention and she shares passionate french kisses, natural mutual oral, protected intercourse in any position you desire, and you're left feeling like a king.

1/2 Hour - $200
1 hour - $300
2 hours - $500
3 hours - $650

Pornstar Experience

Be the star of a wild ride into fantasy and fun as Anastasia takes you on a tour of her wild side. Passionate kissing, mutual oral (cim at discretion), light spanking, dirty talk, role play and a "Greek Holiday" is included in the Pornstar service.

1/2 hour - $300
1 hour - $450
2 hours - $750
3 hours - $1000

Anastasia also offers a special extra for those gentlemen who want to get closer to a cute young girl - please enquire for prices on this extra

Couples, Groups and other similar bookings are available, and Anastasia is keen to explore more of her fantasies of group fun

Available for outcalls around the Sydney Metro area with notice Wednesday to Saturday - please provide a date, time and location for bookings. Direct emails are preferred to anastasiaescortsydney at gmail dot com

NB - Anastasia prefers mature gentlemen to tease and please

Website
Anastasia Moore | Anastasia Moore Independent Escort anastasiaescortsydney.indyfiles.com | Home


Floor: #3
Post Time: 1st June 2015, 11:44 AM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hi Poser,

Thank you for your review.

Did you order the PSE or was anal sex an extra ?

How much did you pay all up, including the Hotel room ?

fartichoke


Floor: #4
Post Time: 1st June 2015, 11:50 AM
Poster ID: Poser
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I ordered the PSE, so anal was included. 

Work paid for the hotel room, but the price was $250 (corporate rates). In total, I spend about $800 (not counting the hotel room).


Floor: #5
Post Time: 1st June 2015, 11:52 AM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by Poser


I ordered the PSE, so anal was included ..
"""



Sorry, you said so in the review but I missed it.


