Floor: #1
Post Time: 29th April 2017, 06:36 PM
Poster ID: Chips
Post Title: 
 Angela/ Lily / Katie - Rhodes - 0406 311 935
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lily

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 28/04/17

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0406 311 935 ??Sexy THAI lady with the best service in your town,I?m here for u today??? - Sydney escorts - backpage.com.au

Hours of Business : 11:00–late

Rates : $170/hr

Age : 23

Size/shape : Slim, cute, natural B/C cups

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : CBJ, CFS, DATY

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : There was some hassle and waiting. In the end, I think it was worth it.

[Preamble]

The lady I’d regularly been seeing was on holidays for a couple of weeks and I was looking for a little relaxation after a long week at work. I hadn’t been to a brothel, I didn’t know which ones nearby were worth visiting and I didn’t feel like traveling to any of the site sponsors’ locations as they’re on the other side of the Sydney, with me in the west. Time to contact a couple of numbers on the Backpage with photos that I was confident were legit.

I tried contacting Jinny, who looked cute (her photos look to be concealing a slight stomach, but that’s fine, I’m no prize) and was working at Blacktown on the day. After asking a few mundane questions, which she answered, I attempted to book and she just said “No”. Okay then… I’ll try another.

I contact Lily. She says she’s available for an hour and is in Rhodes. I say I’m 20 mins away and ask for an address or at least a street name. No reply. It’s 16:40 and I’m in Westmead. Stuff it, she might be busy, and there are other ladies in Rhodes. I’ll chance it. I’m on a motorcycle, so filtering through the awful traffic shouldn’t be too bad.

I arrive outside Rhodes Shopping Centre bang-on 17:00. I text again to say where I am. Lily says she’s free at 18:00. She gives me the street name, says to call at 18:00 and she’ll give me the number. Alright. It’s a bit of a wait, but the view of the sunset on the waterfront is nice, so I wait. I make a quick enquiry with another lady in Rhodes as a backup plan, and that looks solid, if I need it.

I ride on over and call at 18:00. No answer. Get a text right after to wait 5 mins. I assume that means 15 mins. It does. 15 mins later, there’s another text saying she’s still not there and will be 20 mins. Wait, she wasn’t there? This is looking to be a right mess. I give it one last chance and say if she’s legitimately 20 mins away, I’ll wait. She thanks me for understanding. I go for a walk. I’m on my feet all day, but I can still use the exercise. 

Sure enough, 20 mins later, she texts me to say she’s arrived and ready and gives me the full address. A few mins later and I’m at the door. Lily answers and brings me inside and into her room. Unsurprisingly, there are multiple rooms set up for this purpose, as a few of the girls advertising in Rhodes seem to work out of the same location.

[End Preamble]

In the room she’s hugging me tight and rubbing herself all over me. She’s clearly ready to get right into it. I hadn’t showered since before work, so I doubt I smell too fresh. I ask for a shower; she gives me a towel and points me towards it. Straight back in the room and she’s all over me. She only pauses for a moment to remove her clothes and then she’s on me again (if this sounds like a complaint, it’s not). I lean back onto the bed and pull her with me and she giggles as we fall together. 

With her clothes off, she’s clearly the lady in the photos. Her face is incredibly cute. There are some acne scars/pockmarks that you see on some Thai girls, but this doesn’t detract from how cute she is, not one bit. I think they were more visible because she didn’t appear to be wearing any make-up, which is fine, she doesn’t need it.

Lily kisses her way down my body and starts licking my balls. She knows what she’s doing here and it feels great with a bit of perineum play thrown in. I thought there’s be some BBBJ on the cards, but she grabs a dom before proceeding with a CBJ. Probably a good thing there was a dom on, because there was no way I was lasting through much of what she was doing to me. A thinner condom would’ve been nice, but that might’ve also spelled an early doom.

She jumped on me for a spell of cowgirl and she could ride really well, some nice grinding thrown in, but not too hard like some. The sight of those young titties bouncing in my face was just beautiful. Lily wanted to spoon after and I’m not one to object to that, so she hopped off and laid next to me. With her legs together in that position, it was a tightness that could draw blood from a stone. It wasn’t long before I let go of what I’d been holding onto for days.

After I’d recovered, Lily cleaned me up and we just cuddled and talked for a while. Her english is quite good, which she said she’s been learning for six months—it’s better than what I’ve heard from others studying for two years. It was cold in the room, but we were nice and warm wrapped up in each other. Laying with her like this, especially after a long week, I could’ve just fallen asleep.

Before too long, there was plenty of heavy petting. I was eager to taste her pussy, so I slowly worked my way down. As I started to tease around her pussy, she was very flinchy and looked like she was going to push me away, which concerned me that she wasn’t entirely open to this. In case it was her not wanting teasing or fussing around her outer labia, I skipped ahead to the inner labia and there was no flinching or resistance. Good stuff.

When Lily came, I think the whole house heard it. I only fully heard the first bit before her thighs snapped shut on my head. She’s got a good grip with those, I can say that much. The rest was muffled from the pressure on my ears, and perhaps I was a little stunned by it. I’ve had ladies with hips like bucking brumbies as well as thighs squeezing my head when they cum, but none that could’ve crushed my head like a grape, until now.

With that highlight, it was my turn and she dommed me up again. It was mish until the end, with me hugging her tight on the final stretch as she kissed and licked my neck and ears until I came. We relaxed, with me spent, sore and tired, for a couple of minutes before jumping in the shower. 

Starting to get dressed, I looked at the time and we’d gone 20 minutes over. I also realised that up until then, there hadn’t a moment to pay her and she hadn’t asked. I paid her then, of course, before a hug and a kiss and out the door.

Lily made me feel special the entire time we were together. From the moment I arrived, I felt like a lover she hadn’t seen in too long. Of course that’s not the case, but it’s nice to pretend for a little while. She was well worth the wait.

Note: Lily isn’t always found on the above ad or number. Her and a number of other girls seem to operate at and rotate between different locations in Western Sydney: Blacktown, Parramatta, and Rhodes.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 30th April 2017, 11:47 PM
Poster ID: CunningLinguist
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I followed the link at the girl's name is Jasmine ?




			
				Please call or text me on 0406311935.
Jasmine
Let's have some fun together.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 1st May 2017, 11:15 AM
Poster ID: WOTAN01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
See chips note at the end of his review. "
 Note: Lily isn’t always found on the above ad or number. Her and a number of other girls seem to operate at and rotate between different locations in Western Sydney: Blacktown, Parramatta, and Rhodes. "


Floor: #4
Post Time: 8th January 2018, 04:28 PM
Poster ID: ggecko007
Post Title: 
 Katie - Rhodes (0406 311935)
				
Post Content: 
[COLOR=rgb(51, 51, 51)]Person's Name : Katie[/COLOR]

[COLOR=rgb(51, 51, 51)]Establishment : Private[/COLOR]

[COLOR=rgb(51, 51, 51)]Date of Visit : Jan 2018[/COLOR]

[COLOR=rgb(51, 51, 51)]Contact Details/Address/Weblink : [/COLOR]http://australia.cracker.com.au/Fema...e-fun/15715271

[COLOR=rgb(51, 51, 51)]Hours of Business : Monday only apparently[/COLOR]

[COLOR=rgb(51, 51, 51)]Rates : [/COLOR][COLOR=rgb(0, 0, 0)]30min $100[/COLOR]
[COLOR=rgb(0, 0, 0)]
[/COLOR][COLOR=rgb(51, 51, 51)]Age : 20s[/COLOR]

[COLOR=rgb(51, 51, 51)]Size/shape : A cups, short/petite, flawless dark skin, tight body, face avg+[/COLOR]

[COLOR=rgb(51, 51, 51)]Nationality or Ethnicity : unknown[/COLOR]

[COLOR=rgb(51, 51, 51)]Services Provided : massage, CBJ, full service[/COLOR]

[COLOR=rgb(51, 51, 51)]Value for money/recommend? : Yes - Will return[/COLOR]

[COLOR=rgb(51, 51, 51)]My experience/comments : 

Decided to take a risky punt with a cheap Rhodes cracker girl.   This usually ends in disappointment, but not so in this case. Booking was quite easy, although she won't reveal the address until you arrive - it's a place within walking distance to Rhodes train station, on the Blaxland St side.  Upon arriving, I was ushered into the place by another lady who I assume is also working there.  I sat in the waiting room for about 5mins (I was early afterall), then was asked to go into the bedroom by Katie - who is exactly as she appears in the photos (including outfit).  She's a petite tidy unit - nice skin, small, and with a shapely ass - unlike many Asian WL's who's arses are as flat as a pancake.  Her face is Ok - but nothing too special, but she does have gorgeous big luscious lips.  And she has the body of a teenager - tight, taught with glowing dark skin.  She stands at around 5 ft tall and probably weights 35kg, so you could mount her on your knob and spin her around like a top if that's your thing (assuming you OK it with her first ofcourse!).

She asked what I was after, and I replied "massage, touching and a blowjob only - no sex".  She got me to lay down face first, oiled me up, and gave me a relaxing massage for 10mins, while I observed her in the wardrobe mirror.. sensing my toeyness, she asked me to turn over... she took off her clothes to reveal a delicate set of A-cups and a shaved vag, which was clean and tidy looking, albeit alittle meaty.  A rather nice package.  I sucked on her little A-cups for abit until her nipples got nice and erect started playing with her bits until she got moist... then she dommed me up and started with a deep BJ - putting her nice fat lips to great use, while in doggy position as I lay on my back admiring her ability to gobble my whole cock in her mouth.  

So i wasn't intending to have sex with this WL initially, but I was so worked up that I asked her to get on top.  She was *t-i-g-h-t*... brilliant stuff.  She rode me for about 5 mins, seemingly enjoying herself, but there was never any eye contact.  No matter, I was having great fun nevertheless.  I then switched her to doggy, and pounded her hard - my hands around her tiny waist until i filled the dom with what felt like a couple of litres of jizz.  

Seems like a nice girl - not in a rush, and speaks good Engrish.  

Very good value for money IMO - worth a punt.  Highly recommended for $100/30mins.

Peace out




[/COLOR]


Floor: #5
Post Time: 25th February 2018, 04:12 PM
Poster ID: Mcblowme
Post Title: 
 Angela- Rhodes, NSW - 0406 311 935
				
Post Content: 
Name: Angela

Establishment: Private

DOV: 20/01/2018

Website/link: ?? Naughty horny Thai lady in Rhodes.??waiting for u - Sydney escorts - backpage.com.au

Hours: Assuming 10am-10pm, doesn't state 

Rate: 170/hr

Age: 20-25?

Size/shape: Average figure of a woman in her 20s, would be hard to pinpoint but more sliding towards a petite figure

Nationality: Thai

Services: As stated, normal covered BJ FS etc

Value/recommend?: Value? Yes. Would I recommend? Yes and no, it depends what you're after. If your just wanting to scratch a itch and get over it then yes but otherwise if your looking for something extra and more connection look elsewhere.


Comments/experience: Overall, its a good value for money deal. The girl presented was in good shape (although the photo is different to what it was I last saw it, perhaps some rotation going on). Could be just a bit rusty getting back into it, but it was a very normal experience. Nothing special, all very standard with hardly any emotion put in but she knew what to do. 

Started off with a shower, get in the room and started foreplay. She did a pretty good job on getting me aroused, touching was very on point but something was missing (she just wasn't really into it). After her initial foreplay I tried to repay her but she was pretty reserved (no fingering, kissing or messing up her hair). Got on to missionary and her on top, and it was a pretty good ride. Pussy was really squeezing it but the only problem was I just got the feeling that all she wanted to do was get me off and not much else. It just didn't feel like we connected, had any small talk or was into it at all. After first round it was just a massage and onto round 2. Maybe it was just me, but I prefer some talk and smiles etc to get me in the mood. If anything it just felt very forced but above expectations. If your looking to just fuck her hard without any build up at 170/hr go for it, at times thats all I want but just not that day. I suspect photos are slightly retouched (currently its not the same girl but they are pretty similar). Face 6.5/10, body 7.5-8/10, fuck 5/10. Also note she was cleaning up after everything as much as she could several times. Wiped the cum off 3-4 times, and everything so hygiene was 10/10 but a little uncomfortable and forceful.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 19th March 2018, 12:34 PM
Poster ID: striker420
Post Title: 
 Katie - Rhodes - 0406 311 935
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Katie

Establishment : Private house

Date of Visit : 25 Feb 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 
?!Naughty sexy young THAI lady available today in Rhodes.)))??I?m waiting for u - Sydney escorts - cracker.com.au
Hours of Business : 12am - 8pm

Rates : $170/hr

Age : late 20's

Size/shape : Slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : FS

Value for money/recommend? : Not bad for a cheap punt

My experience/comments : Booked katie through text. I suspect someone else takes care of the texting for her. Booking was hassle free. I got there on time amd let her know I was there. She asked me to come to the door. I went to the door and she was there to greet me. She is a pretty girl.

Took care of financials and went to shower. Shower is not in the same room. There are several rooms in the house where I suspect multiple girls work. Got out of the shower and she led me to the bed. She was only in her underwear at this point which she got rid of immediately. She has a good body with good size tits. Askwd is they were real and she showed me the marks where the implants were inserted from.

She asked if I wanted a massage and I said yes. Massage was plain enough not bad. After massaging my back she asked me to turn over. She started stroking my dick and got me hard in no time. 

She took out a condom and put it on then asked if I wanted a bj. I said yes and she started sucking me off. I hated the, too much teeth and she was sucking on it really hard. I asked her to stop and asked her to get on top of me. She got on top while slowly managing penetration. I kept playing with her tits. She comes closer and I started sucking them. Her tits even though great liking feel too fake. They are too firm to feel real. Have no give. But they to look great.

After being on top for a while I ask her to go doggy. I insert from behind and enjoyed this position for a while. Ask if I can cum on her back and she is fine with it. Continued until I was close where I take my dick out and remove the condom and stroke until I blew my load on her back.

Took another shower. Tha ked her and left.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 25th October 2018, 12:34 PM
Poster ID: Mclovin
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I notice the add said apartment near Rhodes shopping center. But is this place a house in Blaxland street  ?


