Thread Title: Angel-baby - Doonside - via kik : Vyper069
Floor: #1
Post Time: 18th December 2018, 02:58 PM
Poster ID: pj80
Post Title: 
 Angel-baby - Doonside - via kik : Vyper069
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: angel-baby

Establishment: Private at doonside

Date of Visit: 7th of June

Contact Details: via kik 

Website link:
https://m.locanto.com.au/sydney/ID_3...INDSOR-80.html

Hours of Business: message to find out

Rates:  $110 half hour

Age: 34

Body Size: 10/12

Nationality: aussie westie bogan

Services Provided:.CBJ  Massage,.Sex

Well messaged this one and finally got around to seeing her.
All i can say is that she is rather paranoid about her neighbor who apparently is a sleazy creep.

Well was given instructions on how to get there and they were pretty spot on. Taken into the bedroom and the place is a covered in fish tanks and she has a video camera pointing out the front so you can watch everyone go past while your doing the deed.

So into the deed after financials done and she starts with very average back rub and it was all down hill from there she tries to get me hard with a crap hand job before dom goes on for a SHIT CBJ asked about BBBJ and was told it extra, heres thd kicker she wanted $100 extra such a dreamer. Bored with her crap covered whatever you want to call it i got her on her back and used my fingers on her which i managed to get 4 up there but couldn't get much more up there but with lube i think you could get a fist in there.

Got on top and put her ankles over my shoulders and went to town for 10mins and it was like doing a mannequin but she did hsve great B cup tits which i loved pulling anf playing with.
On to doggie as i couldn't look at her life less expression snymore and i must say in this position she did start to moan snd mske some promising sounds but i just couldn't bring myself to upload.

Got on my back and removed dom and got her tl finish me off with a hand job which was her best quality by far, but after like 2mins she was tied and complaining so i got her to lay down and i finished myself off all over her tits and face which she wasn't overly happy about but she did look her best covered in thick white cum.

Would i be back? God know, i am a fan of bogan westies but this one is a real waste of time and whoever wrote the reviews on her locanto ad really hasn't had much to compare her too IMO.

all up avoid not worth your time or efforts


