Floor: #1
Post Time: 3rd June 2019, 12:28 PM
Poster ID: AP007
Post Title: 
 Angel/Cum Queen/Bongo Bus - Epping (Travelling around) - 0417 102 481/0456 778 939
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Angel (Known previously as various names such as cum queen or bongo bus lady, etc.)

Establishment : PML

Date of Visit : 03/06/2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://sydney.locanto.com.au/ID_371...ssie-Milf.html

Phone : 0417 102 481/0456 778 939

Hours of Business : Seems to be varied but might be 24 hours

Rates : Rates starting at $50 for a blow and go

Age : Says 45 but most likely 50+

Size/shape : Slim milfy figure with big enhanced tits

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie Caucasian

Services Provided : BBBJ, Rimming, DFK (sorta)

Value for money/recommend? : Sorta

My experience/comments :

This was one of those times that my little head did the thinking instead of my big one and I decided to venture to the Bongo Bus Lady AKA Angel AKA Cum Queen for a quickie. I told myself "she only comes around in Sydney every so often, why not give her a shot" despite the numerous bad reviews of her in the past that have deterred me from seeing her thus far.

Anyways gave her a text to see her at a time, said she was available and would come down to get me at said time and so I did a short drive to where she is staying at the moment. The place had no parking anywhere so had to park on a side street and walk a couple of mins to get to her building. She seems to be in an airbnb of sorts in a nice apartment block. "Already an improvement on the bongo bus" I thought as I was simultaneously preparing for the smell of dog piss and cat litter.

I got to the front of the building at the time and was called and told to wait 10 mins. Fine I thought, may as well stand around on a main road playing with my phone.

The wait went from 10 to 15 mins, and just as I was about to leave she called me saying she's coming down to get me. That took another 2 mins.

As she comes down and opens the glass door, I see exactly what I expected. She at least doesn't have a reputation for posting fake pictures, and her pics currently on her ad are definitely her at the moment which is good.

Up we go with a bit of idle chit chat. Surprisingly, the apartment was very neat and smelt normal so that definitely put me at ease. I wanted the $50 blow so we sorted out the finances first and she went to put it away after instructing me to drop the lower half of my outfit. I do, and sit down on the couch. She does everything on her couch and has the dogs locked inside the bedroom she said, although I never heard her dogs do anything.

She proceeds to violently start sucking my soft dick which is unsuccessful at getting it hard for the 10 seconds she attempted it (surprise surprise). Despite her taking it deep and it being a BBBJ, she's so rough with it that I genuinely can't get hard. She quickly pushing my legs up and proceeds to rim me. She sorta twirls her tongue around mine a few times while she sucks and rims me and it feels great. She can really take it in her throat too so it feels great as she rims and throats my dick.

This is where she knows what she's doing. She's hard but soft at the same time and really gets in there with her tongue. I'm hard almost instantly and she proceeds again to start sucking rather violently.

Now that I'm hard I do tell her several times to go a little softer, which sorta works sorta doesn't. She really does attack your dick and not in a good way. At one point her upper teeth scratched against the head of my dick and I sorta backed away stating what happen. She then blames me that I have a sensitivity problem because I'm uncut. WTF?

She stands me up, and as my fingers barely touch her nipples, she jolts back and complains that they are really sensitive so don't pinch them. Hmm.

Anyways the ending was definitely the best part, not necessarily because I wanted this to end (sorta did), but because she definitely knows how to continuously milk you into her mouth while you cum and it feels great while you're cumming literally straight into her throat.

She gives me some sanitizer and wipes to wipe myself, gives me a lecture on how to get circumcised and how easy it is (I just sorta smiled at her) and I head out into the suburban streets of Epping once more.

As always, here are the pros and cons in my opinion.

Pros:
 - Definitely doesn't seem to have sexual inhibitions with stuck like tongue kissing and rimming.
 - Blowjobs seemed to have improved as the session went on. Really great deepthroat and CIM at the end.

Cons:
 - If you're uncut, she'll probably try to indoctrinate you into being circumcised.
 - Really rough blowjob to begin with. Literally impossible to get hard with it as it genuinely hurts.

Overall, this is a little tough to judge. I know that for $65 you can go to a place like Yoko's and get full service for half an hour, but this is still relatively good value on paper. I personally thought the lecture on circumcision and oddities like ultra sensitive nipples and the really rough blowjob to begin with would prevent me from visiting her again, but if she visits close enough like she did this time, I might give her another go.

She seems to have upped her game in terms of cleanliness and general presentation from her bongo bus days so that's always good.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 10th January 2020, 11:34 PM
Poster ID: Jonmhale93
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
omg lol she did the same thing with me about being uncut.


