Thread Title: Angela - Chinatown - 0414 613 168
Floor: #1
Post Time: 18th June 2019, 05:35 PM
Poster ID: pokjm1
Post Title: 
 Angela - Chinatown - 0414 613 168
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Angela
Establishment: Independent
Contact Details: Chinatown(Sydney) ,https://au.skokka.com/escorts/sydney...nb98268441201/
Date of visit: 11/6/19
Phone:0414613168
Hours of Business: 24/7
Rates: 100hr/30mins
Age: looks like she was in her 40s but says she's 35
Size: C cup breasts
Nationality:Chinese
Services provided: COF, BBBJ
Value for money? Yes

My experiences:
Well i just finished all my uni classes and with so much stress and work, i decided to relieve some stress off of me. I searched and found Angela through online(skkoka) and gave her a message. Since i was in the area it took me 10 minutes to find her apartment. 

When i entered her apartment i was welcomed by her and seems to appear as someone to be another escort. Angela was wearing very nice navy lingerie where i was observing her average looking build. We finished our transaction where i then went to shower off.

As everything settled in and when we were both on the bed, she pulled my pants down with excited and started to give me the most sloppy bbbj as she rolled her eyes backwards giving such a pleasurable sensation and sight to be seen.

Right into the main stage, where she was riding, her pussay wasn't very tight but was emanating such heat where she aggressively was riding me while sucking on my nipples. She got off and as soon as she did she immediately gave me another bbbj.

Now it was my turn to do some action where we were in the missionary position and i was on top and forcefully thrusting into her. Within 5-10 minutes i could feel the sensation of ejaculating and i told her i was going to COF. What surprised me was she was licking parts of my liquid off her face after.

So in conclusion i would give her a 7.5/10. Although she isn't visually appealing, she does have some great skills to please you in bed.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 21st June 2019, 12:34 PM
Poster ID: Binga
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Angela

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 19/06/2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://au.skokka.com/escorts/sydney...nb98268441201/

Phone : 0414 613 168

Hours of Business : 24/7 as per her ad

Rates : $100/30, $150/60

Age : Mid 30's

Size/shape : Say about a size 12, her ad says C cup but I think more D 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Singaporean

Services Provided : BBBJ, FS, Massage

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments :  

Had seen Angela's ad recently and then after seeing the review here decided I would pay her a visit. Was able to organise the booking fairly easily and was soon at her door in a modern apartment block down in the heart of Chinatown. Greeted by Angela in some black lingerie which showed a lovely body. Noticed a section in the living area that was curtained off, so makes me wonder if a couple of WL's are using this as their work space. 

Exchanged the money and after a quick shower the action began. Was a little disappointed that the door was closed, curtains drawn and no light on so made it dark and couldnt fully appreciate the sight of Angela's body, which was wonderful with the lingerie off. A bit of a standing cuddle and wandering hands before we moved to the bed. Was asked if I wanted the rubber for the BJ or not, opted for not. Angela gave me a lovely wet BBBJ, not too sloppy and worked my cock an absolute treat. Asked me if I wanted more suck or fuck, advised a little more sucking and then on to the fucking. While she was sucking she was more than happy for my hands to play with her lovely big tits and pussy, and even put some lube on my fingers for when they were inside her - also happy that this meant no lost time while she put it on later when the main event started!

Enjoyed that BJ a little more before she wrapped me up and climbed on. Rode with vigour before asking to swap which saw us go in to mish. While here she was running her hands all over me and was happy for me to kiss her all over but no kissing on the lips - perhaps the only let down of the actual service. Enjoyed the feeling for a while before eventually blowing in to the bag. After the clean up Angela asked if I wanted a massage, and proceeded to give me a very nice massage to end the booking on a wonderful note.

Despite the darkness and lack of kissing it was a wonderful time spent with her, and with those prices I will definitely be back there and looking for a longer booking!


