Thread Title: ANNA - Granville - 0416 383 904
Floor: #1
Post Time: 10th February 2017, 10:07 AM
Poster ID: sandsifter
Post Title: 
 ANNA - Granville - 0416 383 904
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Anna

Establishment : New private apartment Granville

Date of Visit : Feb 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :0416383904  ???????? Anna NEW !!JUST MOVE IN Granville ??? start from $120 Mob 0416 383 904 Rhodes - Sydney escorts - backpage.com.au

Hours of Business : 10am-10pm ?

Rates : $120 30min , $180 60min 

Age : 27

Size/shape : As per cracker ad pics, very fit slim,B-C cups,darker skin Thai.Very pretty and beautiful shape.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Massage,cbj,fs,daty,lip kiss

Value for money/recommend? : Yes for sure but I was not at ease.

My experience/comments : 

Well, here I go again trying someone new when I have perfect regular WL's who provide me with everything I've ever wanted sexually.

Let me begin,I first noticed an ad on Cracker for 'Emma,Chubby girl,Chubby girl......0415592039' and thought straight away this wouldn't be a con and decided to take the plunge.
Backwards and forwards with text's had me making a midday booking at a new apartment block in Granville for one hour with the assurances I was seeing Chubby girl Emma.
Arrived on time and was messaged up to a room where I was greeted by Anna who took my breath away as she was a stunner and certainly not Chubby.
Now the trouble was I felt uncomfortable with Anna and found it hard to look at her without perving. To explain,I've always had better experiences with ladys who are either older or not so perfect body wise.
I kept asking where was Emma and was told she wasn't working that day. As most of you know these new apartment punts use several girls and ladyboys moving around to different locations.i.e. Granville,Rhodes,Parramatta.
Anyway ,the apartment was immaculate and I went for a freshen shower before joining Anna in the bedroom which  was pretty much a queen bed,built-in wardrobe and temporary sheets to the window.Still very bright and light in the room and I was wishing it was a little darker as I felt very conscious of my body,age,etc. Anna was very friendly and chatty and she started with a very light massage to my back. Seems she's in Sydney to learn English and she was easy to understand.
After about 10 minutes I decided to turn over where Anna worked my pecker up to full mast before putting the glove on for some cbj. Not bad with plenty of suction to get the helmet throbbing. I just let my hands follow her nice smooth curves down her back and over her tight ass. 
Wanted to give back and asked if I could kiss her quim? She was fine with that but also had a puzzled look as if no-one had ever offered it before. She was so sweet and tasty and I could have stayed down there for the whole seven courses. She responded well and I think she would have been happy for me to stay down for the duration of the session. But with the onset of lock-jaw setting in I decide it was time for some penetration. I was as rigid as I've ever been and decided to go with the slow,deep insertion with her legs high in missionary. I was wary not to squash her  and positioned myself where only the length of my cock was in contact with her body.
I still found it hard to look into her eyes and kept mine closed for much of the time. The slow sliding in and out of her tight wet pussy very soon got the better of me and even though I stopped moving the rush of a few days of cum didn't and the bag was well and truly filled. Damm I wasn't ready but that's what happens when you're not relaxed and over think the situation.
I rolled off and let her clean things up and then I just lay next to her talking about life. I still felt uncomfortable being with her even though it wasn't her fault,I just thought she was beautiful and I shouldn't be anywhere near her.
One of those times I felt like a dirty old man,sorry guys.
Anna told me there was 15 minutes left and did I want a massage? I declined and went for another shower,dressed and wished her the very best as I left.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 10th February 2017, 01:01 PM
Poster ID: maxwell
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks for the honest review.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 10th February 2017, 01:33 PM
Poster ID: SFVD
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
interesting review SS, personally I love it when a WL is gorgeous but to each their own.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 10th February 2017, 03:54 PM
Poster ID: unclepj
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by sandsifter


Person's Name : Anna


One of those times I felt like a dirty old man,sorry guys
"""



I like to enjoy being a D.O.M
Most of the girls enjoy us better than the young guys that don,t know how to treat a younger lady
Go enjoy it again

Unc


Floor: #5
Post Time: 10th February 2017, 04:40 PM
Poster ID: james31
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Gee Sandsifter if the pics in the lick that you posted are accurate I would be a very happy dirty old man !

I do get the feeling of uncomfortableness if the girl is new or not into it or just doing it to earn a quid but I'm sure my little head would overrule my brain if I saw that lovely arse in my face !

thanks for the review.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 10th February 2017, 04:52 PM
Poster ID: sandsifter
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I know it sounds odd as she was very welcoming and I've had some real Turkeys over the last couple of years. I was expecting Chubby girl Emma(as described in the ad) and got the gorgeous Anna.
I wasn't mentally prepared, lol

Maybe Unclepj is right,a second visit could be beneficial. That's if you can book Anna through the number supplied in the ad.


