Thread Title: Annalissa - Marrickville - 0424 701 282
Floor: #1
Post Time: 11th May 2018, 11:25 AM
Poster ID: oztone
Post Title: 
 Annalissa - Marrickville - 0424 701 282
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Annalissa

Establishment : private situation

Date of Visit : Tuesday 17th April

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://sydney.locanto.com.au/ID_238...-kink-GFE.html

Hours of Business : unsure, not stated but, by inference, she seems to work days and nights

Rates :GFE: $200 for 30 minutes (day rate before 6 pm) GFE: $300 for 1 hour (day rate before 6 pm)Massage: $250/hr

Age : 43

Size/shape : Size 14- 16&nbsp;maybe?? BBW, great skin, smaller boobs than I would have preferred for a person of her size.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Italian, but with a well spoken Australian accent

Services Provided : 
What I got: erotic massage and HE
What she offers: Massage, FS/GFE, dominatrix services

Value for money/recommend? : For the massage? Nope. Possibly for the other services.

My experience/comments :
For those of you who have read my previous post, I like exploring the softer fetish side of life. A bit of light bondage, anal play, strap-ons, that sort of thing. So, it was with some delight that I stumbled on to Annalissa's advertisement on Locanto a few weeks ago. However, not being able to find a review of her and not feeling like wasting my money I thought tha I should just book the half hour session, and to be doubly safe, just for a massage and HE. And to try and gauge the value of this WL.

Contact with her was simple and straightforward. I find myself buzzing her apartment door about an hour after initial contact. She is standing behind the door as she opens it....always a "surprise" moment for me. I am delightfully surprised. She is what I call a young looking 43 year old. I think she has an attractive face. She is very well presented, including high heels and a nice dress. I find myself in a new apartment and it is clean and immaculate. 

We go into the bedroom and discuss the service and pay her. I pop into the shower. a few minutes later I'm lying face down on her bed.  She removes her clothes and, while I am generally not into big women, I like what I see. 

A word of warning. She uses coconut oil. Why the fuck, I do not know. It has a distinct, but not strong smell. I make mention of this and she suggests that I take a small bottle (that she will give me) home with me in order to allay any suspicion. I reply by saying that if I take a bottle home that very act will be suspicious. I leave her to it, resolving to scrub myself thoroughly in the post massage shower.

The massage itself is OK. She does a lot of caressing, which I like. But the massaging itself is not all that great. There is very little TT and what little there is of it is fleeting at best. Another word of warning. This lady is large and I was quite concerned for my back when she sat on my backside and lower back. Be careful here troops.

On turn-over things improved she starts massaging and playing with my cock. But, there is no real interest in her eyes. Possibly just me....ymmv. She dry humps me a bit, eventually I finish in her hands. There is no bj, pretend or otherwise. 

Post-shower, I start talking to her about her dom services. She seems a little more enthusiastic about that. She encourages me to get on-line and visit "fetlife" to get a better idea of the world of bondage and so on. She admits her current digs are not really set up for proper B&D sessions, but opens her wardrobe door to reveal a cornucopia of fetish wear and devices. Things like whips, paddles, ball gags, a variety of restraints, strap-ons, a variety of costumes (for those sissy-boy types, I guess) etc. 

So, while her massage service was OK at best, it was not worth the $250 that I had paid. I can get far better elsewhere. (and let's not forget the golden benchmark, Mimi. $150 is outstanding value IMHO!). However, for a fetish service, she might just be the one. 

She also provides a link to her twitter account, from her locanto ad, if you're interested to see what she gets up to in her dom world.


