Thread Title: Annaleise Haschen - Near Central Station, NSW - 0404 387 118
Floor: #1
Post Time: 11th May 2017, 11:22 PM
Poster ID: Nipper
Post Title: 
 Annaleise Haschen - Near Central Station, NSW - 0404 387 118
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Annaleise Haschen

Establishment : Private Worker

Date of Visit : March 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0404 387 118 https://scarletblue.com.au/escort/annaleise-haschen

Hours of Business : 10am - 1am

Rates : $400 for GFE (discounted price) +$100 for Greek

Age : the ad says 29, but I think she is slightly older

Size/shape : very courvy

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : GFE, BBBJ, Greek

Value for money/recommend? : Absolutely Yes!


My experience/comments : 

Having seen a few slim ladies, I thought I would see someone voluptuous. I found Annaleise' ad on Scarlet Blue and texted her. She replied promptly. Booking was made after a few exchanges of sms, very easy. Luckily she was offering a discount for new client (looks like she does this quite often), I paid only $400 for one hour incall, which is usually $500. I took the greek optoin and it cost me extera $100. 

Her pictures on the web site are real, but perhaps bit old and/or airblushed.Upon arrival, I realised she is larger than herself in the photos. I think she is size 14, or could be size 16. She is just not big enough to be categorised as BBW, in my opinion. Despite the gap between the real her and the photos, I was delighted as a curvy woman was what I was after. Besides, she was genuine, friendly and quite intelligent. I should also mention that her aprtment is very modern, stylish and most importantly clean. I had a few minutes of chat with her, had a shower and she was waiting for me in her sexy undies on bed.

I jumped on her boobs (which are enhanced, but still quite nice), spread her legs and started eating her pussy. I could tell she enjoyed is as she was really wet. She was moaning so loudly, I was wondering if neighbours could hear it. I asked for 69. While she gave me BBBJ, showing her talent, I spread her big butt cheeks and gave her rimming. She put a dom on me and we started in missionary, then moved to doggie with my thumb into her arse hole. I asked her if we could do greek and she said she was waiting for it. Her asshole was really tight, so I didn't last long. We had a nice conversation after that for a few minutes. I got hard again. Our second round was pretty much same as the first round. We skipped the 69 part and I finished in her arse again.

She is by no means a clock watcher. I can't tell exactly how long, but I definitely spent more than an hour there. I would highly recommend her if you are into curvy girls.


