Thread Title: Annalise Austin - Annandale- 0401386334
Floor: #1
Post Time: 25th June 2018, 11:26 AM
Poster ID: btrizzle
Post Title: 
 Annalise Austin - Annandale- 0401386334
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Annalise Austin

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 22/6/18

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : .0401386334

Hours of Business : Most Days 10-Late

Rates : $400/hr

Age : Late 30's?

Size/shape : 14, cuddly, large breasts

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : Full GFE/PSE

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments :

I have seen Annalise two or three times now. She has now changed locations to the City and used to work in Annandale. The first time she was quite shy and I think she likes to get to know her clients well before she completely opens up. Each time though she has been very friendly and professional upon meeting but still a little awkward and skittish.

After a shower though and once in the bedroom she definitely comes out of her shell and she is quite passionate. Annalise is cuddly, a large size 14 or so but still looks great and is in proportion nicely. This most recent session, we started off kissing with DFK while we play with each other and quickly she starts performing a great BBBJ with amazing eye contact and lots of slobber and deep throating. 

 It's not long before we're fucking in numerous positions and Annalise cums numerous times, as do I. She does squirt often enough but it seems to take a bit out of her. She now charges extra sometimes for such things, whereas in earlier visits it was all included in whatever price you paid.

Either way, I'd see her again and I'd recommend her as she definitely knows how to please a man and certainly doesn't shirk her task.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 1st July 2018, 09:20 AM
Poster ID: Signor Zorro
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
going by her photos she looks like she's using soft lens filters to cover up her age. Has she been under the knife and had work done from what you could tell btrizzle?


Floor: #3
Post Time: 4th July 2018, 11:56 PM
Poster ID: btrizzle
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by Signor Zorro


going by her photos she looks like she's using soft lens filters to cover up her age. Has she been under the knife and had work done from what you could tell btrizzle
"""



She definitely doesn't look as good as her photos and may have had some work done but it's hard to tell. At her place she has photos of when she was younger and much slimmer and she was stunning. But she definitely doesn't completely misrepresent herself or anything to be fair.


