Thread Title: Anna Latina - West Ryde - 0421 595 034
Floor: #1
Post Time: 29th November 2014, 01:09 AM
Poster ID: jonnydang77
Post Title: 
 Anna Latina - West Ryde - 0421 595 034
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name:Anna

Establishment: Victoria Road West Ryde - Near KFC (private)

Date of Visit: 5-6/11/14

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: Phone: 0421595034 Anna Latina. 

Hours of Business: 10am to 6pm

Rates: $100 half hour

Age: 40's

Size/shape: 14

Nationality or Ethnicity: South American

Services Provided: Full Service

Value for money/recommend?: Read on!


My experience/comments:

Who gave the Code RED?
------------------------

it was early in the week and I picked up the local newspaper and I decided to call this hot Latin babe. Eventually after 2 days of texting and numerous phone calls the persistence paid off.
She had the typical soft, sensual, hot Latin accent, her voice sounded like she was yearning for some serious pounding. 

I got the specifics out of the way and made the necessary arrangements to catch this bird before she flew away. 

She gave me the instructions and 45mins later I am parked just outside KFC waiting for the clock to strike 11am. Called her again and texted her but no answer. Boy this bird knows how to tease. Playing hard to get perhaps?

She strung me along for at least another 45min-60mins with running late, and taking care of urgent matters excuses. I was between two minds - do I go and possibly miss out on some amazing sex or do i wait wait patiently for Miss Santa Claus to open her lolli jar!
The anticipation, excitement and testosterone kept me fretting and at this point I was yearning to see this hot Latin babe and do some serious jack hammering.

From the ad posted on the newspaper, I imagined a hot "J-Lo" look alike with curves to match Mount Panorama, attributes and measurements that defy the laws of gravity and an ARSE to die for --- fully insured against the severe pounding and rear-ending it receives from eager punters. 

I imagined a well manicured pussy with a very thin landing strip that would make the "Hanging Gardens of Babylon" look like a feral shrub.

I knock at the door and as she opens the door I take my first glance....I am lost for words
.....the last time I felt like this was when I was told that Santa did not exist - pure fucking shock!...

Anyway I was inside and I was committed and it was too late to call off the troops. 

I walked in  and noticed another WL sitting on a couch reading a newspaper. I looked at her... fuck she ain't much better.

The WL takes me to the room, I give her the hundred bucks she puts it away and  begins to strip down.
Here I am thinking, What the fuck! this is supposed to be part where she hands me a clean towel and asks me If I would like  to shower while she freshens up and meanwhile slowly unzipping me and stroking "Harry" to bring him to life!

Anyway, none of that and she starts to take her gear off and I begin to size up my opposition. 
The sight and scenery was like a "b-grade" horror movie.

Mother nature did not favour this WL, legs and thighs had severe hail storm damage her tits and belly severely impacted by the laws of gravity!
Her pussy was far from the "imperial Chinese" garden or Japanese Bonsai garden I was hoping for. 
This was definitely not a well manicured Brazilian.

The best way I can describe it - it was a feral shrub, a dense bush - it was the amazon jungle. No Brazilian here!!! Only an anaconda waiting to slither its way into that dense jungle.

Her pussy had an "afro" look to it - I thought to myself fuck, this will be like screwing the head of a young Michael Jackson or Guy Sebastian!

Onto the act itself, nothing much to write home about! it was like....let's get this gig over and done with and get the fuck out here.

We do the usual stuff it was all mechanical, a well rehearsed pantomime.

She eventually pulls out a dom and slips the raincoat onto "Harry".
One slight problem - Harry is between two minds and isn't keen in going in. A bit like the commandos in the movie "Predator"

At this point it feels like I am in the middle of the 1962 Cuban missile crisis!
The missile needs and has to be fired - but the soldier is hesitating to press the button.

Stand up straight soldier, you have your orders and complete the mission!
- but no, Harry wants to go AWOL!

And in true Colonel Jessup style, I address this insubordinate:

"Son, we live in a world that has pussies, and those pussies have to be explored by men with guns. And Whose gonna do it?.....Santiago?

I have a greater responsibility than you could possibly fathom. We use words like mish, doggie and cowgirl. We use these words as the backbone of a life spent punting....You use them as a punchline. 

I have neither the time nor the inclination to explain myself to a soldier who rises and sleeps under the blanket of the very freedom that I provide and then questions the manner in which I provide it. 

I would rather you just said thank you, and went on your way, Otherwise, I suggest you pick up your weapon, and stand your post. 
Either way, I don't give a DAMN what you think you are entitled to.

Stand straight soldier and complete the fucking order!"

The code red was given and the mission went ahead....Harry delivers the payload!
Mission is complete!

In summary;
Every punt I have had to date I've come out with a sense and feeling that I was the one doing the screwing, BUT on this occasion I came feeling "fuck!....I just got screwed"

Anyway this was one of those punts you don't brag to your mates about, but post on some forum like auxxxreviews.

Recommendation: stay away from this one unless you want to face another Cuban missile crisis!


Floor: #2
Post Time: 29th November 2014, 06:09 AM
Poster ID: SeaRay
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
A great story Jonnydang. . ANA is SONYA's Sister and they share the same telephone 0424355004 / 0421595034 and apartment in West Ryde and both of them have very black hairy cunts both will do CIM and Rimming Sonya will do a Golden Shower . they are both mature. 
there are 4 threads on them here, For the "search" Ana / Anna / Sonya / Chile / Columbia / South American / Latina . If you "google" their phone numbers, there are plenty of photos from their adverts showing their bodies, so you know what you are going to get. these two sisters suck and fuck like Whores on Heat, .


Floor: #3
Post Time: 5th December 2014, 08:09 AM
Poster ID: indian_punter
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Is this Sonya the one that used to work in parramatta years ago ?


Floor: #4
Post Time: 5th December 2014, 01:38 PM
Poster ID: Gavin
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
And Mosman
And Gladesville
And Castle Hill


Floor: #5
Post Time: 5th December 2014, 06:46 PM
Poster ID: angleangle
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I must admit  that  I  have  been caught out a  number  of  times  over the  last  thirty  years  BUt If the wl  is  so horrible initially  I can  generally find  a reason  to go.... my  wallet  is  in the  car. Sure they  have heard that before ..but  for  the  first go  never  take your  money  in  with you.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 6th December 2014, 08:23 PM
Poster ID: hard
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Fabulous review Jonny 

Anyone who can write such a great review of a bad experience is future gold 

This is the sort of review from a newbie that indicates who wins a place on this forum... great stuff from a punter with a future.

Thanks mate


