Thread Title: ANNABELLE - Newtown -  0499 907 935
Floor: #1
Post Time: 11th November 2016, 05:55 AM
Poster ID: Lasher167
Post Title: 
 ANNABELLE - Newtown -  0499 907 935
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Annabelle

Establishment : Motel

Date of Visit : Nov 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Newtown Incall ** ANNABELLE ** sweet, passionate REDHEAD GFE - Sydney escorts - backpage.com

Hours of Business : touring in sydney, after 2pm today she is outcall only

Rates : massage 
             150/30 min
             200/45 min
             250/hr

FULL SERVICE SESSIONS
             250/30 min
             400/60 min 
             700/120 min 

Age : late 20s 

Size/shape : size 10, bit stocky and she has hairy legs and armpits 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie 

Services Provided : fs, I took the massage

Value for money/recommend? : YMMV to yes
My experience/comments :

Saw her ad and decided to give her a go, i usually dont see girls without reading a review but there was none so decided to toftt. Made an appointment via email, for whatever the reason is I cannot sms her mobile so decided on the email option instead. Contact was easy and she is very informative in her emails. 

I arrived, I think she was somewhat disappointed by my appearance or something (hoping for brad bitt maybe). Anyway I chose the 1 hour massage option with mutual french (CBJ) which also included passionate kissing. Sorted out finances and had a shower. When I came out she was texting her phone, I think she was very busy that day. 

She started to massage me whilst we talked on the bed, the massage was firm but i wasnt there for the massage hahahaa. After like 10 mins of massaging she sense I wanted to get started so she took off her top and we kissed. I am not too sure what passionate kissing is when it comes to WL/ML but there was a bit if tongue. I then proceeded with daty and she gave me the fake moans. After she said she finished cumming we kissed a bit more and then she jerked me off. The jerking is somewhat a bit rough but otherwise was ok. 

We sat around and chilled as i had 25 mins to go. After a bit more talking i leant in for another round of kissing and then asked about the CBJ, she got out a rubber and we got into a side way 69. After a bit more blowing I asked if she could get on top to which she replied tht my time is almost up, I said i was very close so she gave me another rough hand job and finished me off. Apparently she had a 'GRUMPY' client coming up and he didnt like her to be late.

Seems like she travels a bit escorting and this trip was predominately to escort.

$300 for 1 hour massage/kissing/mutual french is a tad bit expensive. The pictures are off her but she seems younger in person. You got till 2pm today for in call afterwards its out calls only. 

I think I will go for the 30 min option next


