Thread Title: Anna French - Pyrmont - 0481 755 484
Floor: #1
Post Time: 12th October 2018, 03:37 PM
Poster ID: trent69
Post Title: 
 Anna French - Pyrmont - 0481 755 484
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Anna French

Establishment : Independant

Date of Visit : Late August 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://escortsandbabes.com.au/Profi...nt/AnnaFrench/

Phone : 0481755484

Hours of Business : 10AM - Late most days

Rates : $200-$300 /ph based on service

Age : 40ish

Size/shape : Full Figured BBW

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : Massage and FS

Value for money/recommend? : Highly recommended

My experience/comments : On a recent trip to Sydney, I thought I would treat myself to seeing a lady I have lusted after for ages based on her ads. I discovered quickly that she often posts photos that are not of her, but the reality in the flesh certainly doesn't disappoint. 

She is a very sensual and cuddly woman who is completely at ease with her body. At one point during our playtime, she got up and went to the loo and sat there with the door open and kept talking to me. I found this quite hot. As I chose the FS over the massage, once I had showered, Anna had my lie on the bed where she started out with some BBBJ. She had a fantastic method of rubbing her lips over my shaft, whilst flicking my head with her tongue. This combination of actions had me in a frenzy very quickly. I got her to lie down on the bed and proceeded to explore her plump curves and took in her scent. With my face buried deep between her ass cheeks, I licked her tight ring and plunged my tongue into her moistening lips. Love the smell and taste of this gorgeous woman. 

It was time for some protection and first I wanted to slide into her from behind as she lay flat. The sensation of her soft round hips pressing into my legs, my balls sliding along her inner thighs and the sense of her enveloping me was too much and I had to stop. Now it was time for her on her back, surprisingly supple, her legs up over my shoulders, an amazing sight to see her heaving breasts, plump pussy lips and and expression on her face that showed that she seemed to enjoy this. 

Anna likes a nice drop of white wine, and we indulged together, finishing off a whole bottle chatting and playing - she is certainly not a clock-watcher. I can still recall the images in my mind of the night at her place in Pyrmont, and look forward to seeing her again on my next trip!


Floor: #2
Post Time: 12th November 2018, 11:22 PM
Poster ID: RMP18
Post Title: 
 Anna French - Pyrmont - 0481 755 484
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Anna French

Establishment : private

Date of Visit : 9/10/18

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 

Phone : 0481 755 484

Hours of Business : Txt Anna

Rates : 200 for Massage 300 FS

Age : 40

Size/shape : BBW

Nationality or Ethnicity : KIWI

Services Provided : Massage, BBBJ, FS

Value for money/recommend? : yes

My experience/comments :

Was feeling like something a little different from the rub and tug places. Not sure what attracted me to Anna's add but sent her a text an got a prompt reply and set up a time for later that day.

Turned up and Anna was dressed in a fishnet body suit that suited her well showing of the BBW body. I was offered a glass of wine I politely declined as I had to go back to work. I was shown into the bedroom left the money on the side board and had a shower while she prepared the room. 

Returning  Anna had undressed and ushered me to the bed to lie down. she climbed on to a started to give me a massage it was nice a massage a bit soft but nice. I was encouraged to touch an fondle those lovely large breast. Then rolled over and continued to play once the massage was finished(oh and she uses nice oil) and wiped down Anna started with a lovely BBBJ to get me really hard paying attention to my balls and shaft we then moved to 69 and then I went down on her, then on with the Dom.

Started with a Anna on top then a bit of missionary followed by doggy with Anna requesting some slapping on that wholesome ass. Then it was all over she expertly removed the Dom and cleaned me up before heading back to the shower. 

Anna loves a good chat and is very welcoming she is what she said BBW and offers some S&M too if you take her up on that service maybe one day.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 6th January 2019, 09:10 PM
Poster ID: badnews99
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Anna French

Establishment : Private Apartment in Pyrmont

Date of Visit : 04/01/19
Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.langtrees.com/private-es...nafrench/7720/

Phone : 0481 755 484

Hours of Business : Varies

Rates : 200 for Massage, 300 FS, 450 BDSM + you don't get to fuck her 

Age : 40 (Closer to 50)

Size/shape : BBW

Nationality or Ethnicity : Kiwi

Services Provided : Massage, HJ

Value for money/recommend? : No

My experience/comments :

I was looking for some fun with a mature lady over my xmas break, saw quite a few of Anna's pictures (She comes up on various websites)
On the larger side, but I didn't have a problem with that, so made a booking.
She greeted me in a fishnet onezy, can't say it did much for me.
Her face is blurred in her pics or cut off, after seeing her in person I'd struggle to say they are the same person.
For a start shes not a real blonde, the dark roots are showing through, I reckon shes 50 not 40.

Had just booked a massage first, nice clean new apartment.
Offered a shower with a nice big towel (As always don't wipe your ass on the first towel you get, as you will be using it again)

During my shower she had stripped down to her G-string, quite a big pair of saggy tits pointed at the floor.
fuck it! in for a penny in for a pound, she offered me wine to drink during the massage as she was drinking.
I've had better massages in worse places, she uses that warm feeling oil that feels like melted wax when spread on.

Quite an un-erotic massage and then the flip. She asked if I was OK with some toys, sure why not.
She pulled out one of those wands that girls use to get them selves off with, the ones with the rounded tennis ball head things. 
Not for penetration but for stimulaton
Any way she shoved that under my balls while stroking me off, this was doing nothing for me. 
So told her to get rid of it and proceed in manual mode, Still managed to produce a big enough load to make her scream.
I sprayed it on her tits when I came, tough shit love!
One thing she did which I hate girls doing is lying on my bloody leg while they are jerking me off, Its distracting at best and when a "BBW" does it the blood runs the wrong way and I need all the help I can get.

Massage and HJ over into the shower, she talks a hell of a lot too.

This just wasn't my thing.

Pictures are touched up a best, at worst they are of someone else and or not in the last decade or so.
I'm not against BBW but there needs to still be some Beauty in it and Big must firm not fat.


