Floor: #1
Post Time: 30th July 2019, 08:25 PM
Poster ID: Davidw2
Post Title: 
 Anna - Chatswood/Rhodes - 0404 173 886
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Anna

Establishment : Private 

Date of Visit : July 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.escortsandbabes.com.au/P...t/Pretty_Girl/

Phone : 0404 173 886 (common phone number tagged to various adverts)

Hours of Business : varies

Rates : $200 / hr FS

Age : 30 maybe

Size/shape : 155cm, C/D boobs loose, long nipples, shaved

Nationality or Ethnicity : Korean

Services Provided : massage, DATY, BBBJ, FS

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : This phone number is attached to 4 different advertisements with different names so I had no expectations of pictures matching advertisement. The apartment is modern, clean, shared by 3+ girls and easy to get to not far from station. Anna greeted me dressed in sexy red lingerie, kiss, hug, off to shower. She is attractive, probably size 10/ 12 with some puppy fat, boobs hang a bit but have really long nipples, speaks very little English but hey didn't really matter. Dried me after the shower which was nice gesture and she took some interest in making sure I was interested - good response - bit of kissing and fondling. Then off to the bedroom. She offered to give me a massage and I said yes - great decision - she had me laying face down and gave me a very good strong oil massage (she can massage properly) as well some sexy bits - plenty of oil and anal play - by now she had me definitely interested. Turned over and gave up on the massage and I turned her around for some good DATY - nice smell and she gets excited - completely smooth and very suckable. She returned the action with BBBJ which was pretty good as well. As we got towards the points of no return we stopped and she put the condom on nicely with her mouth and climbed on top. We had a good time through cowgirl, reverse cowgirl, kisses, (not really DFK) cuddles (she is cuddly) and then to mish and after a bit she wanted her legs together - I kept pounding away, she got really wet and I came strongly. No real small talk so we showered and all good. I would go back and see  Anna but as with all these common numbers there can be a bit of a lottery. Anna works 5 days in Chatswood


Floor: #2
Post Time: 24th May 2020, 12:23 AM
Poster ID: CD88
Post Title: 
 Anna - Rhodes - 0404 173 886
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Anna

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : March 2020

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.escortsandbabes.com.au/P.../PrettyGirl66/

Phone : 0404 173 886

Hours of Business : Night time

Rates : 200/hour

Age : Advertised as 25, more like 35-40

Size/shape : Bit of a belly

Nationality or Ethnicity : Advertised as Japanese, actually chinese.

Services Provided : Full service

Value for money/recommend? : Unfortunately not. 

I was scrolling through E&B and thought Annie (from her images) looked alright and the prices were rather reasonable so decided to make a 30min booking in case this turned out to be a dud punt. Before driving out, i texted her to confirm if the images were in fact her, to which she replied 'yes 100% real photo'.

Make a booking for 10pm, however was left waiting outside the apartment for a good 15min. Her excuse was that she was showering and still getting ready. I was getting rather suspicious as I've been to apartments in Rhodes in the past where operators would burn and churn through punters, making sloppy bookings that result in punters having to wait way past their agreed upon booking times. 

I was so ready to cancel as my gut feeling was telling me something wasn't right. Eventually she texted saying she was ready and to come on up. I thought to myself perhaps she's put in loads of effort to look nice for the session so i decided why not? Lets give it a crack.

Upon entering the door, a woman ushers me in - I'm not sure if she's Anna or the mamasan so I follow and head into the bedroom. She quickly turns off the bedroom lights and switches on a red mood light, asking how long i wanted to stay. I didn't get a chance to see her clearly, so i thought i would stop - and double check if it was her as I don't like being mislead. She said it was definitely her in the images.

I felt bad, maybe those photos were actually her and I had gotten it all wrong so i decided to go ahead with it. She started off with a CBJ, before taking all her clothes off. At this point in time now that I can see her clearly while she's going down on me i realise she's at least 10-15yrs older than the image suggests, and at least 10-15kg heavier than the photo. Yes - i definitely got duped here boys.

It all went down hill from here, however I am writing this review to warn other punters of this phone number. I searched it afterwards and it appears to have multiple different girls' images and names attached to the phone number in different listings. You definitely will not get that pretty lassy in the images attached to this phone number when booking lads, be warned.


