Thread Title: Anne - Merrylands - 0411 569 316
Floor: #1
Post Time: 13th January 2020, 07:16 PM
Poster ID: bigjoe
Post Title: 
 Anne - Merrylands - 0411 569 316
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name Anne

Establishment : Private apt Merrylands

Date of Visit : 3 Jan 20

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Innerwest Courier
Phone :  0411569316


Hours of Business : Most hours

Rates : $50 half $90 hour massage $70 half $130 hour FS

Age :40s

Size/shape : Normal

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Massage F/S

Value for money/recommend? : Ok

My experience/comments :       Found ad in local rag Mature busty asian messaged and got reply straight away booked for half hour massage first for first time.
                                             Lives in a unit block in Merrylands rocked up and texted that I was in street but got no reply waited for 5 min finally she gave unit number.

                                             Opens door and liked what I saw tall thai mature with nice rack,ushered into room undressed no massage table all done on bed she strips down
                                              and reveals nice body for her age well looked after nice soft skin. Anne likes to talk a bit as she gets me on my back starts rubbing but massage 
                                              skills are not there I'm thinking just turn over see what eventuates so she starts rubbing my dick and she gives me access to her pussy and were 
                                             feeling each other up.
                                             I then say get the rubber may as well have FS she then puts condom on and starts blowing me not bad action then proceeds to front on cowgirl
                                             and were going at it nice site watching her meeting my thrusts. Anne's  getting vocal urging me on till I finally blow but she keeps going as she is 
                                             quite wet and must be close herself til finally got to soft to keep going.Gave her the extra $20 for fs.  

                                             Anne is nice lady talked a while after treat her nice she'll look after you.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 22nd January 2020, 02:00 PM
Poster ID: myself01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Is it a clean joint? Don't want to end up in a shady joint in Merrylands...


Floor: #3
Post Time: 22nd January 2020, 07:55 PM
Poster ID: bigjoe
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
its clean she lives there.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 1st March 2020, 12:45 PM
Poster ID: Jamesremus
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Anne

Establishment : PWL

Date of Visit : Feb 2020

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 

Phone : 0411569316

Hours of Business : Unsure, I would contact her to ask. 

Rates : $90 hour massage. Anne said, If I wanted an additional $30 and she'd provide a FS

Age : 40's 

Size/shape : Thin, in-shape. Bolt on's 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : CBJ, DATY, DFK, COB

Value for money/recommend? : Yes, her rates are quite reasonable. 

My experience/comments : I hadn’t a great deal of information to go off, but decided I’d take a punt on Anne based on bigjoe's review (I was also quite attracted by those prices). 

Communication was fairly straight forward, on arrival I called and was provided a unit number. I was actually pleasantly surprised, Anne wasn’t unattractive. She was actually alright, and had a magnificent set of bolt-on’s on show as I arrived. She has a chatty personality, very friendly, she strikes me as one of those people that’s quite happy most of the time, quite up-beat – if you get my drift. 

I was ushered through her living room into the bedroom in the back corner. I requested a 1 hour massage and handed over finances. I begin undressing, Anne returns is quite complimentary about both my height and body. We embrace as she says, ‘I love tall man’. Oddly enough, she said ‘I remind her of her son, because he is also tall’. I was a little wierded out, but whatever. I sort of overlooked it. 

We stood and embraced one another while our hands explore each others body. Anne really become quite excited – she suddenly bent over and starts grinding on my cock.  We are simulating sex now, and not before long I ask if we can lie on the bed.
When we lie down, we start passionately kissing and exploring each others body. Anne starts licking my nipples, kissing my ears and neck. She works her way down and tongues my balls. I returned the favour, kissing her neck and ears, licking her nipples, tit fucking her and teasing her pussy.Anne is quite worked up and I ask if I can DATY. I am encouraged and I work her clit over with my tounge. Anne moans and moans (not loud or artificial, really natural) and eventually cums. Anne’s quite horny and she grabs my cock and starts stroking it. I am on top of her as I blow a huge load all over her tits and stomach (a little shot up towards her neck, lol it was quite funny - as she said she didn't want it near her face, lol). We clean up and collapse in the bed. We talk and share cuddles while both exhausted (however, I get the sense Anne could of gone again – almost straight away, I gather that she is super horny most of the time). We have a super random chat about her son, her daughter, life in Thailand, university fees, how often she masturbates, ex-husband and cost of internet service providers. It was super random, she did most of the talking. I was pretty spent.

After about 10 – 15 minutes, I ask if I can have a CBJ (it was really to stop her yabbering on), and she agreed. She works me up, grabs a dom and begins a nice BJ. She can’t deep throat, but she has an ok technique. I am worked over and eventually blow my load. I am cleaned up, have a shower and say goodbye.

Anne was super cute throughout our session, really talkative, very bubbly and as horny as a rabbit. I loved her bolt-ons, they were great. Anne is a little older, but in good-shape, quite thin, she has a small belly as a result of 3 kids, nothing to bad though. She is a classic older thai lady, huge bolt-on’s that you would totally check out when walking down the street. She is super horny and loves cock! I repeat, she absolutely loves cock! 

I highly recommend her, her prices are super reasonable and she really puts in effort. Needless to say, I would encourage you are respectful and take your time, don’t rush it with her – she really loves connection and a chemistry.

Haha, no massage in my session, but I certainly wasn’t complaining. We did everything but intercourse in our session. I was there for about 1 hour and 40 minutes, so no clock watching or phone answering while I was with her.   

Enjoy!


Floor: #5
Post Time: 13th March 2020, 11:44 AM
Poster ID: slim99
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name 'Christie' now, not Anne!    :-)

Establishment : Private apartment at Merrylands

Date of Visit : 12/3/20

Phone : 0411 569 316

Hours of Business : 10 AM to 8 PM Monday to Saturday (by appointment)

Rates : $50 half /$90 hour (massage),  $70 half $130 hour (FS)

Age :45

Size/shape : Slim with nice bolt on tits.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Massage or FS

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

'Christie (used to be Anne apparently) is a very chatty lady. She quickly offered me massage or full service, I chose the latter. Started with a CBJ, then mish, she enjoys sex and likes to talk about it and how and when she masturbates. Did I mention she is chatty? Wow, could not get a word in. Second session started with another CBJ then doggy and finally finished off with HJ. Christie is not a clock watcher and is good company if you don't mind the incessant chatter. She certainly seems very orgasmic, but not 100% sure she isn't a pretty good actor too... Her apartment is very clean and nice, not some grubby shit hole. Parking is a bit hard to find as it is very close to central Merrylands but doable.


