Thread Title: Anne - Horsely Park - 0406 711 200
Floor: #1
Post Time: 2nd August 2012, 05:18 PM
Poster ID: james31
Post Title: 
 Anne - Horsely Park - 0406 711 200
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Anne

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 26/7/12

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0406711200 ( see copy of cracker ad below )

Rates : $200 Hr FS, less for RnT

Age : She claims 44, I would guess at closer to early 50's to be kind

Size/shape : 10-12, claims DD breasts 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : RnT, CBJ, FS

Value for money/recommend? : Maybe, I think it is a case of YMMV.

My experience/comments : Anne is in a really good location at Horsely Park only a minute of the M7 Junction, the house is up a long drive and generally away from neoighbours so it is quite discreet.  She had only just moved in but the house is neat and tidy and the bedroom is well setup with a massage table in a seperate side room from the main bedroom, she has made an effort to make it a nice relaxing atmosphere.
I will preface my review by saying that it didn't quite click for me with Anne, she is a lovely lady who probably chats too much, she is older than she says and has quite a bit of belly fat so the petite size 10 does not ring true for me. My main problem was that she seemed way too much like my mother !  I don't mind an older lady and I thought OK she is a bit older which generally means you get a much better pse ( DFK, BBBJ and possible anal ) but this didn't eveentuate for me and it could well have just been my lack of taking the lead because she just didn't seemed too nice which really threw me a bit. 

Anyway started with a massage which was quite good, different to your chinese massage but pretty relaxing - she chatted and told jokes during this time which didn't help getting into the mood so it was more like a nice massage shop.
She then offered a blow job on the table and it was on with the dom, I really wanted BBBJ but didn't feel right to ask and she never offered, the blowey was nothing special so when she asked do you want to finish this way or go to the bed for FS I quickly opted for the bed.  Again dissapointment for me as there was no hint of any kissing let alone DFK and she turned her body so playing with the pussy seemed off limits, her tits are nice enough and not too sagged for her age and playing with them was a delight. 
On to mish and she started with the "oh yeah, give it to me " which was pretty insincere and I knew I wasn't going to cum this way so into doggy which still wasn't doing it for me so I suggested a wank on her tits which she agreed to but I was really hoping for some BBBJ or CIM or COF but it was never offered.  Perhaps on subsequent visits there might be more on offer, she knew it wasn't great for me and suggested next time I might be more at ease and I may go back and try again but the services on offer just were not what I wanted.


I don't want this to sound like a total negative review as Anne is a nice lady, with a nice setting and other punters will probably hit it off better than me so I would recommend her if you like older ladies and a nice rack.


James 


Cracker Ad.
To the Penrith area in a very private unhurried, discrete, location!!! 
Hi there ----- Anne 
Has been in your lovely area of Penrith for many months - but 

From Monday the 16th of July - I will be located permanently, at HORSELY PARK IN a totally lovely, private rural situation. 

Parking is both discrete and not a problem at all. 

A qualified touch is the beginning (of the main course) to adult options as a total pleasurable, unhurried, time with me. 

An Australian mid forties, blue eyed blonde with a gorgeous array of lingerie, stillettos and stockings are worn for your pleasure. Petite size 10 in dress size but a DD bust completes the package of spoiling, that I promise you. 

I trust that you will hopefully be passing by or can travel without inconvenience., to see me here. 

A web site of www.choose2spoil.com explains options available to select from or add to. The models are wearing my brand of lingerie and I am the lady with her back to you. 

Appointments can be arranged from 9am. till late for all of these days. I look forward to speaking with you to set aside - your very special time.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 3rd August 2012, 11:37 AM
Poster ID: iluvasians
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Also have tried Anne when she was based in Penrith and found her very robotic in her actions ,and yes she does appear to be mid 50's at least
I believe that  Anne did travel a bit and have seen her add on cracker for many locations including Penrith, Newcastle & Wollongong.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 3rd August 2012, 01:54 PM
Poster ID: Binga
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks for TOFTT there James. I had always wondered about Anne, and having looked at her Cracker ad, the website and her ads in the local paper, I wasnt sure if she just offered a massage of FS, but now I know! Sorry to hear it didnt go so well.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 24th August 2017, 09:15 PM
Poster ID: virgincock01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
24/08/17 - Just been a victim of this charming lady in Canberra. Good to speak on the phone, very nice apt. Way to old than 40's as the advert mentions - ??AUSSIE Sexy.Mature Delight@ TURNER.Superb Private Quality.All You Expect &More.?? - Canberra escorts - cracker.com.au

Entered the unit and knew it wasn't for me but just fucked to be here $$$...DD fake boob's, tight ass surely some surgery's gone in there. Starts with decent massage on table, not much touching, average BJ  with condom, she was in for natural. Then rush into sex, no touch to pussy looked lovely though fully shaved, very gentle on tits...the pads may burst as it seemed. A lot of fake noise, wants the man to just cum, totally opposite to the advert, very much dissapointed...gents be very aware, spend the extra 100 on a young blonde with much more to offer. She charged $200for 30mins...wasted big big time


Floor: #5
Post Time: 29th August 2017, 08:48 AM
Poster ID: Gavin
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Is this the same woman?...
????DAPTO llawarra AREA.? AUSSIE Delight..Gorgeous Mature GFE & Privacy???? - Sydney escorts - backpage.com.au

If so, she already has a thread...
https://auxxxreviews.com/forum/f100/...ght=camperdown


