Thread Title: Annie Maquarie Park 0410 955 680
Floor: #1
Post Time: 25th September 2017, 01:43 PM
Poster ID: BrianB
Post Title: 
 Annie Maquarie Park 0410 955 680
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Annie

Establishment : Private?

Date of Visit : Late September 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0410955680  -google this number and a variety of ladies come up.

Hours of Business : Flexible

Rates : 120/half hr

Age : 35

Size/shape : Short, C cup, suckable nipples, big stomach, floppy bum.OK face.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Taiwan /Thai mix

Services Provided : CBJ, FS

Value for money/recommend? : Not for me.

My experience/comments : This is a lady working from a hotel in Macquarie Park near the hospital.  I think the number is shared among a few ladies, and when I went back to find the original ad, it was gone.  However, there were a lot of other ads with different girls.  I am sure the original ad had a picture of a younger, slimmer girl.  
Anyway, it was after dinnner, and I was in the area, so I thought I would give the number a try.  Answered promptly and sent me the address by SMS.  Got there and she had not yet arrived herself.  Spotted her walking from her car with phone in hand, and followed her to her room.  It was an up-market motel style, and that was encouraging.   She was very friendly and even though not what I wanted or expected, I thought I would give it ago anyway.  At $120/half, I should have guessed that it would not be a young slim girl, as most of the others in the area are asking $150 and up for half hour.
I know others on this site love the big tits/big belly women, but i am afraid not me.  Started with me sucking her nipples and stroking the clit.  Fair bit of FOAM, but no lubrication happening.   Switched to CBJ.  Lately the ladies have been quite rough with the CBJ, is it me? Or is the new fashion?  Presented the pussy, but no touching.  WTF?  She jumped on in reverse cowgirl for a while, until I turned her around and pulled her down to me.  Most of the ladies seem to like that, and more FOAM happened, with some encouraging words.  The FOAM was quite high quality and could have been real, but who cares, and it was enough to get me off.  
The phone had been ringing during the early part of the session, but she turned it off at my request.  While dressing, it was on again as she worked the next client.

She told me she would be there for another couple of weeks, so get in soon if you like this sort of MILF.


