Thread Title: Annie - Haymarket - 0412 026 982
Floor: #1
Post Time: 1st June 2020, 04:24 PM
Poster ID: josh.cubatica
Post Title: 
 Annie - Haymarket - 0412 026 982
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Annie

Establishment : private escort

Date of Visit : 30 April 2020

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.escortsandbabes.com.au/P...ndent/Tiara11/

Phone : 0412026982

Hours of Business : 11am - 1 am

Rates : $150 for 30 mins

Age : mid 20s

Size/shape : petite and athletic

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian

Services Provided : Full service

Value for money/recommend? : absolutely

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

The booking was pretty easy. She was in Haymarket in an apartment with a few other girls. She was dressed in black lingerie to greet me. We went straight to the room and she looked happy to see me. Total GFE. She is short and slim. Nice ass which got me hard. But the best was yet to come .... her boobs. 

We went straight to the shower where I played with those juicy natural boobs. They look and feel so bloody good. Hardly any action in the shower and then we went to bed. SHe laid me down and gave me a nice cat bath. She licked my nipples which I'm not a big fan of so asked her to suck. She obliged, but on the dom and went straight into sucking it. I was already pretty hard so thoroughly enjoyed it. I wanted to play with her ass so asked her to get into 69. She did and the sight of her boobs was amazing. I even licked her asshole and fingered her in the anus. She didn't mind. 

We then moved onto the act. Started with her on top, which was the best position to see those boobs bouncing. She squatted on the bed and went deep... real deep. This girl can take it. Her juices were already flowing on my body. I couldn't wait any longer and went to doggy where I pounded her hard before collapsing onto her. 

She then gave me a slight massage and the time was up. 

Highly recommend.


