Thread Title: Anya Moore - Sydney - 0428 190 991
Floor: #1
Post Time: 11th February 2013, 10:23 PM
Poster ID: tinobest
Post Title: 
 Anya Moore - Sydney - 0428 190 991
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Anya Moore  0428 190 991 (sms only)  (Brunette Hair)

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : November 2012

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Private Girls Australia

Hours of Business : 

Rates : $500

Age : 23

Size/shape : Size 8 B Cup

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : Full Sevice GFE

Value for money/recommend? : Most Definitely

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

After noticing Anya on PGA I made contact with her via text. Anya replied quite promptly and a time was arranged.

Upon arrival at where she was staying, I texted to let her know that I had arrived.

Anya greeted me in the foyer due to keycard access required.  she looked stunning in a black trench coat.

We walked to her apartment talking general chit chat.
Once inside, Anya took off the trench coat to reveal a little white dress (god she looked amazing!).
We sat on the couch and chatted a bit more, before we retired to the bedroom.

After some very passionate kissing, I slowly undressed Anya, She looks absolutely beautiful in the nude!
I kissed my way down her delectable body until I reached her heavenly pussy.  It is the most tastiest pussy I have ever had the pleasure to kiss and lick.  It wasn't long before Anya came with delight!
She then proceeded to give me an amazing blow job that took all my will power not to come.

Anya slid on the condom, and we had the most delectable sex in various positions. Finally I asked could I finish off in missionary so that I could look into her beautiful eyes. She readily agreed.  It was heavenly to see the expression on her face as we both came together.

We sat and chatted for a while before I went down on her again, bringing her to another delectable orgasm!  Unfortunately, my time was up (she is not a clock watcher though). I showered, we said our goodbyes, and I left with a huge smile on my face!!

Conclusion:  Would I see her again?  Answer: Most definitely, only this time for a longer booking!


