Thread Title: Apple - Sydney - 0481 954 658
Floor: #1
Post Time: 7th August 2019, 05:08 PM
Poster ID: distantfunk
Post Title: 
 Apple - Sydney - 0481 954 658
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Apple


Establishment : PWL


Date of Visit : May 2019


Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0481954658 

https://au.skokka.com/escorts/sydney...i3bf257618269/


Hours of Business : 


Rates : $300 / 45min


Age : 35+


Size/shape : Petite and slim


Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese


Services Provided : BBBJ, FIV, FIA, CFS


Value for money/recommend? : For me No


My experience/comments : 


Wondering around the city, stopped by a cafe for a coffee to perk me up. Perused Skokka for some private situations that may tickle my fancy. Have noticed this ad a few times previously and curiousity got the better of me. 
Texted the number and confirmed a time after lunch and wanted bbbj and fs. Any extras to be discussed in person. Easy enough.


Rocked up to a apartment in Haymarket, buzzed the number to be let in the foyer and up the lift.
Knocked on the door and it opened with her hiding behind. She was in the red medical themed outfit with high heels. Her body and overall shape is her in the photos as well as the red and white outfit but to me she just looked like an average Chinese lady (nothing special or appealing even with the makeup on). Be aware English is not her forte. I asked her about "extras" and she was uncertain what I was on about so I pointed it out using her body. Anal $100 and more if you wanted without the condom. I was n't game enough for BBFS or anal so went with bbbj and cfs. Sorted out finances and i hopped into the shower.


I stood by the bed and she knelt down to give me a bbbj - no teeth a little suction and plenty of tongue swirling. Felt pretty nice. I hopped on the bed and we engaged in 69. She is shaved below, with no odour. I didn't daty but used a finger. I told her to take off the outfit I wanted to see her body closely. Off came the gear and she had a "bust booster" on. Her claimed D-bust was a myth and it was 'busted'. Not a biggie but I felt somewhat let down.


She applied dom with her mouth and a bit of lube on her vagina. She sat ontop of me and started riding. Changed to doggie and she was a bit more vocal here and so we stayed with doggie. I avoided missionary as I wasn't turned on by her face (she's not ugly but I just wasn't into it). I slid a finger in her ass with the excess lube and her moans elevated a bit more. Kept going til I blew.


She cleaned me up and I had another shower. To be honest I was done in about 35min but I didn't want to stay any longer. I wasn't really vibing to this session at all.


Waved goodbye and I left. Back out into society feeling slightly unsatisfied yet with a lighter wallet. Should I have walked from the start, probably but Oh well that's punting with pwl's and it's a strange game.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 8th August 2019, 09:19 AM
Poster ID: onerandomdude
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
$300 bucks for 45mins is steep even by PWL standards!


Floor: #3
Post Time: 8th August 2019, 05:44 PM
Poster ID: aabro10
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by onerandomdude


$300 bucks for 45mins is steep even by PWL standards
"""



Especially for a Chinese chick over 30...


