Thread Title: AR - fucking a WL at her house in Auburn. Private session
Floor: #1
Post Time: 13th February 2020, 10:12 PM
Poster ID: Punterman2
Post Title: 
 AR - fucking a WL at her house in Auburn. Private session
				
Post Content: 
I like it when I get the opportunity to fuck a girl away from the shop and today was one of those days. 

Over the years I have fucked WL's in various hotels on their days off but on only 5 previous separate occasions have I been invited to where they live for a session. 

Most WL's value their privacy and also to keep costs down they often live in shared accommodation so it is not that easy to get time with them at their home.

The girl I saw today is 26 years old, Chinese with nice natural B cups, a pretty face and smile and a good sense of humour. She studies English two days per week at school in the city and then works at various brothels and massage shops around Western Sydney on other days. She is not a hardcore WL and only really works when she needs the cash. I have known her for about 18 months and we keep in contact via WeChat. She is a nice girl and I like her chilled out demeanour. 

She sent me a message yesterday asking if I wanted to see her at her home. "Of course I do darling" was my response so she told me that we could meet this arvo. She texted me at 12 noon saying could I pick her up from Auburn station at 1.30pm as she was on her way home from school. 

I waited at the station for her in my car and she arrived in the pouring rain. I have only ever seen her dollied up at the shop with makeup and big false eye lashes on and I wouldn't even recognise her in her normal clothes with no makeup. She had a nice long dress on and her long hair was wet from the rain. She opened the car door, leaned over to kiss me, thanked me for the lift and we drove to her house. She looked very pretty. 

I am always interested to see where WL's live and normally it is pretty basic accommodation. We pulled up at a weatherboard house and parked, she walked me behind the house and at the rear was a 3 bedroomed Granny Flat that she said she shares with two blokes but they live separate lives and she doesn't associate much with them. I could see lots of muddy work boots there so perhaps tradesmen.

Her room is quite large with a double bed and the usual WL mess of half opened suitcases, hairdryers, clothes and lots of stuff on the dressing table. Perfumes, food, drinks, bottles, hygiene products etc. She told me she pays $145 a week and in the house at the front are 6 people so all up there are 9 of them so the owner gets $1,300 a week cash. Pretty good as the houses are run down and I reckon only worth say $800,000 ish. 

She stripped off and stood there naked drying her hair and talking. No shyness but I suppose she spends a lot of time naked and I like the no nonsense approach to sex that you get from a WL.

No discussion on money yet which was surprising.

We shower together and she washes me then down on her knees blowing me in the shower. I soap up her arse, pussy and tits and have a good soapy fondle. We kiss. She always offers a GFE and today is no different.

Into the room and I put on some music. The room is fairly warm so we put the dusty pedestal fan on. 

We have a chat for a few minutes then she pushes me on the bed and we have a nice kissing session. Before long she is down on my cock working away on my hard erection. She swings herself over my face in a 69 and I go to town on her arsehole and pussy to get her warmed up and her juices flowing. 

We spend about 10 minutes like this and I am enjoying the novelty of having sex with a nice young girl in her own room. 

After a good bbbj and DATY session I flip her over and straight into her snug pussy and I give her a nice gentle fucking in a few positions. Her bed is really squeaky which I find off putting so I go slowly but as we fuck more and more, I think "fuck it" and I hammer her with the bed shaking and squeaking away underneath us. LOL.

After about 20 minutes of pretty intense fucking with lots of deep kissing, I shoot my load deep inside her and she holds me close as I ejaculate my hot little Puntermen into her warm, wet Chinese cunt. Nice.

I tell her that I want her to cum so she lies back, tells me to tongue flick her pussy hole in quick motion and she masturbates herself with her right hand and squeezes her tits with the other hand. She looks beautiful as she ups the pace. I am licking her pussy, she has her long hair flowing over her body and her eyes are shut. Within a few minutes she shudders to a really beautiful orgasm and I can see a big happy smile on her face. Sensational. 

We have a nice cuddle and talk about her life and school. She shows me photos of her young son back in China who lives with her Mum and Dad. We drink ginger tea together.

Back in the shower. She washes me clean and then back into the room. She still hasn't asked for money so I get my wallet and say "how much do you think ?". 

She suggests $150 which I am happy with so I give her 3 pineapples and she looks happy with that and grateful. She said that it will pay her rent for the week. I was glad that she is not a greedy girl as other WL's would ask for a lot more. Good value I reckon. The last girl that asked me wanted $500 and a hotel which I refused. 

She walks me to my car, gives me a big kiss in the driveway and off I go, with a good feeling inside.

Perhaps it will become a regular session, perhaps it was a one off. Who knows but I like to take my opportunities as they come along. 

Life is short, enjoy.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 13th February 2020, 11:21 PM
Poster ID: sribrah
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Was it bbfs? Bit risky dont you think

How old is she


Floor: #3
Post Time: 14th February 2020, 06:08 AM
Poster ID: SeaRay
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
There are similar set ups in Lidcombe with a Madam using WL's in two granny flats where you enter via the back street also another Chinese opp a Park & the Railway line at the end of BRUNKER Road Yagoona who they advertise under the name CINDY in the Bankstown Touch


Floor: #4
Post Time: 27th February 2020, 02:59 AM
Poster ID: kira12
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Wow, sounds nice. 
Could you share her contact or you just want to keep it yourself


Floor: #5
Post Time: 28th February 2020, 04:03 AM
Poster ID: simon82
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by kira12


Wow, sounds nice. 
Could you share her contact or you just want to keep it yoursel
"""



tried to pm punterman2 but no response so i believe he wants to keep it by himself but still no contact of the person of the review its like u read a sex novel


Floor: #6
Post Time: 28th February 2020, 08:24 PM
Poster ID: unclepj
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Wow that sounds like fun PM2
Be great to see one at their home 
Unclepj


Floor: #7
Post Time: 4th March 2020, 11:52 AM
Poster ID: Oz.punter123
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
This is not a review, its more like a sex blog


