Thread Title: Ariana Bellucci, SydneyCBD - 0413 799 681
Floor: #1
Post Time: 26th August 2019, 11:52 AM
Poster ID: Madeupname
Post Title: 
 Ariana Bellucci, SydneyCBD - 0413 799 681
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Ariana Bellucci

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 18 June 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://scarletblue.com.au/escort/ariana-bellucci

Phone : 0413 799 681

Hours of Business : 

Rates : $550/hr

Age : 30s

Size/shape : curvy, size 8

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie-Italian

Services Provided : GFE: CBJ, DFK, daty, BLS

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments :

First, Ariana hides her face in her pics, but I can tell you she's very pretty. She has a lovely personality - she's highly intelligent and very comfortable in her own skin, and loves to laugh.

This was my 2nd time with Ariana. We'd hit it off on our first encounter, so when I entered her very nice CBD apartment, there was a friendly, relaxed vibe in the air. She was wearing a see-through top over lingerie. With money out of the way, she made me a cup of tea and proceeded to sit on my lap and grind herself on my thigh while we chatted, which made it hard to enjoy my tea! Also made my cock hard. I played with her nipples, which she seemed to like. 

After my shower, we started pashing on the bed, and she also gave my cock some sensual hand work. DATY was also very enjoyable. Her CBJ is OK but slightly weird in that she puts a condom on loosely and sucks the upper part of your cock while giving a handy to the uncovered lower part. She replaced that condom with another and we started the real fornicating. We began in cowgirl, which allowed me to play with her (natural) tits, which swing nicely as she moves. I believe she came around this point. Then to missionary, which allowed plenty more DFK, followed by doggy and ending in caterpillar. 

A great way to spend an hour! This felt like an authentic GFE.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 7th November 2019, 12:45 AM
Poster ID: xxxDameonxxx
Post Title: 
 Ariana Bellucci - Sydney CBD - 0413 799 681
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Ariana Bellucci

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 14.09.2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://scarletblue.com.au/escort/ariana-bellucci

Phone : 0413 799 681

Hours of Business : Appointment based

Rates : 300 for massage

Age : 30s

Size/shape : Medium

Nationality or Ethnicity : Italian 

Services Provided : Massage

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

After spending some time to align up to see Ariana Bellucci finally the time came where we were both free on Friday. She is usually busy, and due to work commitments I cant make a week in advance booking.

Anyways, the designated day came and I made my way to her place. When I knocked on the door, a stunning lady opened it. She was exactly as the photos, immaculate. She was friendly and gave me a hug immediately. She then turned around led me into the room. She was curvy and it was hard to take the eyes off her, and I loved walking behind her.

Once I had my shower, I was on a massage table, as I only went for a massage. The massage was fantastic, she knew what she was doing and without going into detail the rest of it was very nice too. She was lovely throughout and was very pleasant. After the massage we spent some time talking and then again she led me to the shower and took off the oil before leaving me to finish off. Once the shower was done I got dressed, she gave a hug and I left.

Personally -
Attitude : 9/10
Look: 9/10
Body : 9/10
Communication : 9/10

Would I visit her again - Yes if I get a chance.


