Thread Title: Ariana Devi - Sydney -  arianaescort94@gmail.com
Floor: #1
Post Time: 29th December 2015, 04:23 PM
Poster ID: Macbeth.
Post Title: 
 Ariana Devi - Sydney -  arianaescort94@gmail.com
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Ariana Devi (previously Inara Fyre)

Establishment : PWL oucalls

Date of Visit : Dec 2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : arianaescort94@gmail.com

Ariana Devi | Ariana Devi Independent Escort arianadevi.gfefiles.com | Home

Hours of Business : Limited, by appointment

Rates : 1 hour $300, 2 hours $550, 3 hours $650, plus extras available

Age : Early 20's, states 21

Size/shape : Average height, about 165cm, around size 12, curvy, natural DD bust

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian of Indian heritage

Services Provided : Full Service, GFE, DATY, BBBJ, kissing

Value for money/recommend? : No, not really

My experience/comments :

A Backpage advert for Ariana from a month ago:





Hey Guys

My name's Ariana Devi, born and raised here in Sydney. I'm about 5'6 tall, a toned size 10 with very feminine curves and a busty DD.

I'm a Uni student who's available between classes for intimate and passionate GFE encounters with you all. This is a chance to enjoy something a little exotic.

At the moment I'm only catering to outcalls, but please let me know if hosting is difficult because I know some discreet "by the hour" venues we can use.

I'm available most days between 10am and 7pm. As long as I get 2-3 hours notice I can service bookings in most of the Sydney Metro area.

1 hour - $300
2 hour - $550
3 hours- $650

My standard rates include passionate kissing, mutual natural oral, protected intercourse, massage and making out.

I do offer an Ultimate GFE extra, that allows us to get very close (to clean and hygenic gentlemen) so please email and ask about these, and the rates.

Contact by email only, please feel free to message with questions or to make a booking. 




My experience:

This review is written with mixed feelings. It was not a terrible experience, nor a really good one. Ariana is a nice girl for company, but in the end I wasn’t paying her for just company, and I was left feeling disappointed.

It is partly because of some really good past experiences with uni student part-time working girls and sugar babes. I’ve been fortunate enough to have seen two or three students regularly in the past, and they were great fun in and out of bed. I had hoped that Ariana, being a student it seems, and part time escort, would be similar. Added to that is the attraction that I have to Indian looking girls. The combination probably set very high expectations!

I had seen adverts, websites and some reviews for Ariana Devi over a while (and for Inara Fyre, her previous working name), and always had her in the back of my mind as a maybe, one day if it turns out that way. I liked the look of her photos, medium dark skin and lots of curves.  My return to punting after a long break did allow it a short while ago. I contacted Ariana by email, and after a fair bit of discussion about when she might be available, managed to set up a 3 hour booking for one afternoon. Nights don’t seem to suit her.

When we met, I was impressed by her looks. She is not a stick figure, about average height, and around a size 12 in my opinion. She has lovely natural DD boobs, nice curves, and a very pretty face. The photos that she uses are genuine, but she may have put on a little bit more weight since they were taken.

We talked for quite a while to begin with, and at no stage did she begin to show any inclination to flirt or progress beyond a pleasant chat on the lounge. I kissed her a couple of times during this stretch, and didn’t really get any response.  Eventually I fairly bluntly guided her to the bedroom, and gradually undressed her. There was no real passion to her kisses, and overall, as far as anything sexual goes, she seemed totally disinterested. Starfish is not an inappropriate term, although she did willingly respond to any of my directions to change position. At one point after I had gone down on her, she did give a very ordinary BBBJ – she doesn’t have much idea in that department.

After round one, we cleaned up, and had another drink. Again, she showed no inclination to continue with any sex, and with probable not much more than 45 minutes of the 3 hour booking left, I had to coerce her into more sex, as I wasn’t paying her a reasonable  amount of cash just to sit and talk all afternoon. Her interest in round two was even lower that in the first, and it wasn’t long before she started repeatedly asking the dreaded question that is a killer to any kind of enjoyment – “are you about to come yet?”.  Out of annoyance, I did start pounding her a bit harder than I would otherwise have done for a girl of her type, which was a bit bad of me! I don’t think she was very comfortable with my above average endowment, which makes me wonder just how much experience she has. I think she may have felt it later on, ooops, my bad .  I was irritated that she seemed to think that a three hour booking wouldn’t involve much sex.

In the end, over the three hours only somewhere between 60-90 minutes was spent having sex, and there wasn’t much intimacy outside that time either. I came away thinking that it was poor value for money. I probably should have just arranged for an hour to try things out, but normally like longer sessions when possible, so made the mistake.  I could have fitted the one or two highlights of the session into an hour. In reality, I would have enjoyed the afternoon more by catching up with friends. Win some, lose some. I’m still ahead in the young uni girl experience overall!

I don’t believe that she really intended to give a poor experience, but it’s hard to tell. She didn’t show any signs of enjoyment or enthusiasm at any point. I think she would happily have just talked for 3 hours and then left. There were a few areas of her service that fell well short of a good girlfriend experience. I strongly suspect that she will not continue doing escorting work for much longer, or may have already stopped. I couldn’t recommend her based upon my encounter, but there may be some guys out there that she clicks with, and would therefore have a better time. I thought she was a nice girl, but the sex was well below average for me, and I was paying for sex more than I was paying for nice company.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 12th January 2016, 10:58 AM
Poster ID: rcr22
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Executive summary: Avoid.

Saw her last time I was over, and then she vanished so I did not bother to review. 

I has a similar experience where all she wanted to do was talk. Despite trying politely to move the direction of meeting. Getting closer I realised she needed to 'freshen' up and suggested this. 

Onto the business at hand I rapidly lost interest when I realised not much had changed. Eventually sent her on her way before our time was up.

To be fair she seems nice enough, however completely un-interested and has a complete lack of skills (woeful BJ) for example.

All in all a waste of hard earned. I am now sorry I did not post earlier to warn others.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 25th May 2016, 02:19 PM
Poster ID: Macbeth.
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
It looks like this girl has had another name change to "Maya", and is now part of a group of "Independent Sydney Student Escorts", all with the same contact point, "Dave" on 0477 818 479

Erotic and Exotic Busty Aussie Indian - Outcalls from 200 - Sydney escorts - cracker.com.au

Independent Sydney Student Escorts | Meet a Model at Sydney Independent Escorts | Upscale Escort Agency

I doubt her service has improved.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 25th May 2016, 02:38 PM
Poster ID: unclepj
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
That blue shirt is the same they all wear for Photo's Ha Ha


