Thread Title: Ashley Wood - Zetland - 0474 977 483
Floor: #1
Post Time: 13th May 2020, 09:34 PM
Poster ID: Fitguysyd
Post Title: 
 Ashley Wood - Zetland - 0474 977 483
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Ashley Wood

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : March 2020

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.escortsandbabes.com.au/P...t/Ashley_Wood/

Phone : 0474977483

Hours of Business : Varies

Rates : $400/45mins

Age : Early 20's

Size/shape : Small / petite

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : FS

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

May only do this part time as only gave a small window to book. It suited me though and coms were easy.
Great apartment in the Zetland area. Super friendly.
Service is pretty much as her ad describes. Awesome DFK, DATY (very nice), BBBJ (really enjoys it). Variety of positions in front of a couple of mirrors. More DATY where she came, more BBBJ, extended another 15mins and finished in doggy.

On the more pricey end of the scale but def worth it if you have the coin :-)


Floor: #2
Post Time: 29th May 2020, 05:45 PM
Poster ID: berlin.alf35
Post Title: 
 Ashley Wood review
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Ashley Wood

Establishment :  private

Date of Visit : January 2020

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://scarletblue.com.au/escort/ashley-wood

Phone : +61474977483

Hours of Business : day time

Rates : $500/hr

Age : 24

Size/shape :  slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Caucasian

Services Provided :  full services with bbbj

Value for money/recommend? : No

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)


So I decided to take a punt on Ashley, her photos seemed amateurish but weren't half bad.
Booking was super simple, date locked in within minutes.
As I exited the lift door to her level, I was greeted with her in stunning lingerie. However she was also holding a dog...
Instantly I should have turned around.
I dont want to go into full detail as it may just be an off morning or she was a complete rookie.
Everything felt clinical and planned, there was no flow or chemistry. Yes that may be partly me as I am a shy person to begin with, however I never felt in a warm environment to begin with. Kissing had a question mark. There was no sensuality with the experience. She did however give a great BBBJ, no eye contact but excellent nonetheless. No fingers in the pussy as it was very sensitive apparently. Pussy was tight and very enjoyable. However at the end of it, she checked her phone to see the time and said we still have time. In which I politely declined.

Perhaps, I'm being rude and pretentious. But for 500$ I guess you get what you pay for. It wasn't a terrible experience, but no going in seconds for me.


