Thread Title: Ashlie Anderson - CBD - 0414 108 510
Floor: #1
Post Time: 18th December 2015, 02:09 PM
Poster ID: MattC
Post Title: 
 Ashlie Anderson - CBD - 0414 108 510
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Ashlie Anderson

Establishment : Private escort

Date of Visit : December 2015 

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0414 108 510 or see ad: Sexy Busty Blonde - Available all Day at PRIVATE CBD INCALL - 0414 108 510 - Sydney escorts - backpage.com
Works out of a serviced apartment near Town Hall

Hours of Business : Mon to Fri from late morning to late night

Rates : Hourly in-call rate $400, 45 minutes $340, 30 minutes $280. 
             Hourly out-call rate $450 plus return travel.
             Couples hourly rate $650.

Age : early 20's

Size/shape: quite tall (5"8' on her ad), medium build with natural DD cups. The pics on her ad are all of her though she has put on a few pounds since they were taken and is not as slim as in the pics.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : dirty talk, sex toy play, fantasies, multiple shots, sexy lingerie, striptease, variety of positions, full body sensual massage, shower for two, light spanking, mutual oral (69), COB, mutual masturbation, sensual and passionate deep tongue kissing, deep throat/gagging, passionate cuddling & touching, girlfriend experience. Natural oral inclusive with one hour appointments

Value for money/recommend? : Pretty good, though a bit expensive.

My experience/comments: Was in bed trawling through Backpage one weekday morning (as I usually do - it's proving to be an expensive habit!)

Saw her ad, liked her pics so decided to arrange a booking. Unlike a lot of girls she's quick at replying and it was easy to arrange an appointment just before noon.
Managed to negotiate a 15 min quickie with her for $180 - I ask for very short bookings now with backpage punts, as there's a high miss rate so this minimises the hit to my wallet from a dud punt and lets me see more girls each month in the hope I find a gem who I can then see regularly - also much easier to duck out of work for a quickie.

Got to the apartment which is was in central CBD near Town Hall, was a little bit confusing as the serviced apartment shares its lobby with a hotel and I ended up in the wrong set of lifts! But managed to get to her room in the end. When she opened the door I was happy to see the pics are genuine, albeit she's definitely not as slim as when those were taken and is carrying more weight around the hips and thighs. Those who like curvier women will be happy, personally I prefer the body shown in her pics but not complaining. In terms of face, height and boobs the pics are all accurate though.

She's quite attractive in the face and I'd rate her a 7/10, if she was as slim as the pics that'd be higher. She's nice enough, not overly warm or talkative but has a professional, no nonsense manner. Was talking to her in the shower and she's from Melbourne, now living here and rents out the apartment when she's working.

Got down to business, started with a bit of light kissing, got her top off, her boobs are a nice big handful, unfortunately though her nipples don't seem to get erect (which is a must have for me) so couldn't suck on or play with them. Wen't down on her for a bit, she seemed to enjoy it but only had a 15 min session so couldn't get her over the line. So went into sex, she got me hard with a nice, slow CBJ and then I went finished up with about 5 minutes of mish until I came. She didn't hurry me or anything so I could likely have gone for a bit longer if I wanted to. In retrospect, I should have done her in doggy or cowgirl as she has a fantastic ass and big natural boobs just flop flat when they're lying on their back and are definitely much more of a turn on when they're hanging over you or in doggy when you can reach in front and grab them.

Afterwards had a shower and we chatted for a bit while I got dressed then back to work.

Overall, I'd say it was a decent punt but nothing stand out - perhaps if she her rates were cheaper I'd return and see her another time. I'm a value punter, so YMMV, she definitely seems to know what she's doing and is pleasant enough, her apartment is well located too (if you work in the city) but at $280 for 30 mins I think you'd be better off going to a brothel like Stiletto or Liaisons which are cheaper and certainly have more attractive women some of whom give very enthusiastic service (in my experience at least). Alternatively if you're after a private WL you have the Russians advertising on backpage like Sofia, Marlena, Morena etc who are all at least 8 or 9/10s (their pics are real) and charge $300 for 30 mins including natural oral. 

But Ashlie isn't bad, if you go see her you won't be disappointed, I'm very picky and of my four punts with private WLs this month she's probably the best - most people you contact have fake pics, and then the ones you go to see might have real pics but are let down by their faces or some are quite attractive but a bit crazy and overenthusiastic which ends up turning you off lol. Maybe I should just see do less punts each month but pay more lol (go see the aforementioned Russian glamazons for instance) but I love a bargain and am holding out for some great value girls out there just waiting to be found.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 18th December 2015, 02:38 PM
Poster ID: bomberdoode
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
MattC

I like this approach ".......... I ask for very short bookings now with backpage punts, as there's a high miss rate so this minimises the hit to my wallet from a dud punt and lets me see more girls each month in the hope I find a gem who I can then see regularly - also much easier to duck out of work for a quickie."

She looks great in the pics...

But you didn't get rid of all that troublesome html.... :[


Floor: #3
Post Time: 18th December 2015, 03:03 PM
Poster ID: MattC
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Sorry, I tried very hard to get rid of the HTML tags! I even retyped the whole details section as I thought it was the copy and pasting that was causing it, the mods say its some technical issue they're trying to resolve.

Yeah, going for a 15 min quickie to scout out the girl is a good strategy and i'm finding quite a few girls who only advertise 30 min or longer sessions are willing to do them (this is late morning/afternoon usually though, maybe not at night time where they might be busier). I just say I'm busy at work and can't be out of the office for too long and if they can fit me in around their other bookings. I've seen about six privates in the last 2 months for $150 15 min quickies (they're all at least $250 for 30 mins otherwise).

No luck trying to get a 15 min booking from the Russians though  they have this no discounts whatsoever philosophy burned into them (by their tough Russian pimps I assume, since they all have identical prices/services and work out of the same location).

Of course, it only works if you can actually get off in a 15 minute booking.

Though really, I'd be doing even better in terms of bang for my buck if I could just convince myself to walk away from appointments where I don't find the girl particularly attractive and go someplace else. Does anyone do this with privates advertising on backpage/cracker etc?

And yeah her pics are great, in real life though she's not that much of a sexpot (either in looks or personality)


