Thread Title: Aslyne - Sydney CBD, NSW - 0478 648 873
Floor: #1
Post Time: 22nd January 2020, 10:12 PM
Poster ID: Snackman69
Post Title: 
 Aslyne - Sydney CBD, NSW - 0478 648 873
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name :  Aslyne

Establishment : Private apartment

Date of Visit : 2 December 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.escortsandbabes.com.au/4...Sydney/Aslyne/

Phone : 0478 648 873

Hours of Business : 24 hours

Rates : $550, 1hr PSE

Age : mid 20s

Size/shape : Skinny and busty

Nationality or Ethnicity : Spanish

Services Provided : BBBJ, Rimming (on her), DATY, sex in multiple positions, COB

Value for money/recommend? : Would recommend

My experience/comments : Due to a long day at work, I decided to treat myself with Christmas around the corner. I spent a good week or so searching for the right girl to celebrate the festive season with in style and Barbara's profile really stood out from the rest, so I decided to get in touch with her one night. 

After some confusing directions due to the possible language barrier, I arrived at her private apartment. She answered the door in a bright green top that looked like it was about to burst open from the sheer enhanced bust of this Spanish beauty - her nipples were absolutely popping too! She also wore tiny white short shorts. Quite a sight.

After my shower and exchange of funds, I asked her to get in doggy on the edge of the bed so I could dine on that gorgeous asshole. She happily obliged. 5 or so minutes passed, I was now hard and ready for those lips to service my cock. 

Her blowjob skills were fairly tame compared to some other girls I have had, but it was BBBJ and her face was that pretty, I could live with it. Once I got surprisingly close to cumming, I once again got her in all fours where I entered her in doggy.

The sex itself was fairly standard, nothing groundbreaking, I think she knows that she is so stunning that she doesn't really have to do too much to impress. We had sex in doggy, cowgirl and missionary. 

Multiple shots were allowed, so I finished my first round in the condom, the second round, I pulled out and finished on her tits to finish out the hour.

Her body was spectacular, tits were an amazing shape (and HUGE), size 6 figure, tanned, pretty face - my only real critique was that her bust was surprisingly harder than I expected, with not much bounce whatsoever. All in all, I would say it was a fairly decent experience.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 25th January 2020, 09:35 AM
Poster ID: Oz.punter123
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Was her name Ashlyne or Barbara? Her profile is not up.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 25th January 2020, 12:58 PM
Poster ID: downthelane
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Nothing on a search of the phone number either.


