Thread Title: Atsumi - North Sydney - 0413 654 227
Floor: #1
Post Time: 16th June 2011, 11:53 PM
Poster ID: cl-dean
Post Title: 
 Atsumi - North Sydney - 0413 654 227
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name:  Atsumi

Establishment :  Private Apartment

Date of Visit:  15 June 2011

Contact Details/Address/Weblink:  0422 798 778

Hours of Business:   10-8

Rates:  $110/30 mins + $50 if you want anal (I passed)

Age:  early 20s

Size/shape:  8-10, D-cup bust

Nationality or Ethnicity:  Asian, claims Japanese but looked more PRC to me

Services Provided:  DFK, BBBJ, FS, CIM (with swallow)

Value for money/recommend?:  Absolutely.

My experience/comments: I found an ad on cracker advertising 4 Asian girls working out of an apartment in North Sydney, with some descriptions and photos. (As an aside, based on the photo of Atsumi, and the girl I met, the photos are for once, reasonably accurate, as is the description of her). Her tits are a bit strange; they fill has though they are half implants -- sounds weird I know -- but that was the only weirdness in an otherwise terrific experience.

With a minimum of fuss, I made the booking and was able to see her almost straight away. She let me know on the phone that a double was not available. I got up to her apartment -- a studio apartment in a fairly new block -- and we got the commercials out of the way and down to business!

What an absolute rocket. Gave me one of the best BBBJ I have ever had, right into DATY as well, and fucked like an absolute demon in a variety of positions, including a few new ones to me... amazing stuff and she was genuinely into it. Before I new it, she pulled away, turned around, ripped off the rubber, and proceeded to blow me until I came. Some cum spilled down onto her tits, and she used her fingers to clean it up and drink it down.

And all this for $110!

The only downside is that I'm not from Sydney...

Enjoy, lads.

Dean


Floor: #2
Post Time: 17th June 2011, 07:08 AM
Poster ID: Starstar
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks cl-dean. I spend a llot of time in Norh Sydney so I will try and check this place out.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 17th June 2011, 07:27 PM
Poster ID: Phobs99
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
How accurate are the pics?


Floor: #4
Post Time: 18th June 2011, 01:39 PM
Poster ID: cl-dean
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I can only speak for Atsumi, but it's accurate. No idea on the others as I have not met them.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 18th June 2011, 06:42 PM
Poster ID: Rkopf
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
After cl's review, I had to try Atsumi.

Sat 18Jun. I called and made an appointment and arrived within 20 mins. The apartment is on a one way street, which is a bit hard to get to from certain directions so I parked on the upper end of Mount St, outside the old post office, and walked less than 100m to the building, from where you need to call again, to be buzzed in and given directions on how to get to the right apartment.

Atsumi is definitely not Japanese. She says Taiwan mama, Japan papa, born and lived in Japan, but she couldn't even come up with the name of a city, let alone understand the Japanese I spoke. I guess she's from Taiwan, or maybe PRC.

I was greeted with a kiss, including a bit of tongue. Atsumi isn't my usual type. She is not likely to still be in her twenties, more early-mid thirties. Her body is proportionate, but she has a flabby tummy, but pleasant breasts- C-D. I was easily convinced to stay an hour for 180.00 or 50.00 more for anal. 

We kissed deeply a few times, then after the shower, I was greeted by a curled up, naked girl, facing away from me on the bed. She soon turned and invited me to join her. We kissed extensively. She does smoke, but it wasn't too strong a taste. After some touching, she moved to BBBJ and worked a long time at it, but her style wasn't to my liking, so I gently grabbed her head and moved it to a suitable rhythm.

She must have worked on me, licking and sucking for 20 minutes, including in 69 position, before I stood up, got her on her knees and fucked her mouth.. She laughed and said "You fuck me" - pointing to her mouth. I did, and then grabbed the condom and took her doggie. She was quite tight and I enjoyed doing her from behind, while watching in the mirror.

After I came, she pulled the condom off, wiped me down with with tissues and started to suck again. I wasn't really in the mood and asked her to just touch me gently for a while.

After a while, she started again and was happy to try any position I wanted, but I wasn't going to come like that. We spooned and I rubbed myself against her lubed pussy. She wasn't upset by that at all. I moved to the sofa and sat her on top of me, all the while rubbing myself against her pussy until i came. She turned and cleaned me off with her mouth.

This is one dirty girl. Excellent value and very accommodating. Unfortunately, I had hurt a rib earlier and had a bit of trouble coming, and her typical Chinese vocalisations bothered me to the point that I had to ask her to be quiet. This didn't stop her complimenting me throughout the hour: you are so strong, I like it. You are so hairy, I like it. You are so big, I like it. You come so much, I like it. You fuck so good, I like it. All the way until after I had dressed. You are very good, i like it!

As I said, she isn't my style of girl, r the kind of person I generally want to have sex with, but she sure works hard and takes no breaks.

Great value and the only rules I could figure were condom required for penetration and $50 extra for anal. Otherwise, anything seems to be OK with Atsumi.

Worth a go.

Her services are very inclusive


Floor: #6
Post Time: 20th June 2011, 05:44 PM
Poster ID: cl-dean
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hey Rkopf, pleased to hear that my review was accurate and you enjoyed yourself 

Dean


Floor: #7
Post Time: 22nd August 2011, 12:49 PM
Poster ID: Davidw2
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Atsumi

Establishment : Private Apartment

Date of Visit: 20 August  2011

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: 0413 654 227 (note current number - these change often)

Hours of Business: 10-8

Rates: $180 per hour

Age: mid / late 20's

Size/shape: 8, D tits, some puppy fat

Nationality or Ethnicity: Asian

Services Provided: DFK, BBBJ, FS, massage

Value for money/recommend?: Yes

My experience/comments: Atsumi is one of the girls advertising on cracker as sharing a north sydney appartment. In reality it is the same operation as from St Leonards and the calls go back to CiCi who manages the phones and appartments. Atsumi only works weekends now and can be quite booked up.

Atsumi is a bubbly fun girl who enjoys what she does and in my experience always puts in 100% effort. Atsumi met me at the door in sexy lingerie and g-string  and got into DFK staight away as we undressed. The studio appartment in North Sydney has a couple of sofas as well as the bed and creates a nice atmosphere for a GFE experience and after I finished showering we resumed kissing and cuddling. Atsumi is experienced and perceptive and after I sucked on her nipples a bit - she has great nipples  and breasts - I moved downwards for DATY. Atsumi has a little bit of hair but otherwise great pussy and gets into DATY, allows fingers in cunt and readily accepts into anus as well, we moved around into 69 and she gave me a great BBBJ then more kissing, more BBBJ and on to main course. We started with her riding me cowgirl and after rolling around a bit finished up in  mish. She cleaned me up and then suggested massage - Atsumi's idea of massage was lips, tongue, erotic stroking and fondling which was great fun.

Atsumi is consistently good and will always make a big effort - not the greatest english language skills but it's irrelevant as she does provide great service.


Floor: #8
Post Time: 22nd August 2011, 08:50 PM
Poster ID: reggid
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
i have seen Atsumi gives a good BJ and CIM but i'd say mid 30's an not attractive but pretty good value also wanted an extra $100 for swallow....no thanks. 

I saw Atsumi once before and it was a different girl but same list of services so i cant be sure which one everyone is referring to.


Floor: #9
Post Time: 23rd August 2011, 04:18 PM
Poster ID: Davidw2
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
This is not the same  Atsumi that was working for these shops last year unless she had a transformation - the advert says returned but I don't tend to take much notice of the adverts as they run the same ones on cracker all the time and sometimes change names etc but she has been been there for the last few months. She has never asked for extras but that sort of thing seems to depend a bit on how they feel on the day


Floor: #10
Post Time: 13th January 2012, 08:18 PM
Poster ID: mainpath
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
What bullshit this girl was.
Mother and young daughter working very rushed 
Service like very very rushed. Like a wooden stick, no touching nothing
Wouldn't recommend this bunch of people to anyone !
She rushed the service with me because another guy arrive ! Wtf?


