Thread Title: Aussie Eva Marie - 0488323689 - Yagoona NSW
Floor: #1
Post Time: 31st August 2019, 12:38 PM
Poster ID: Oz.punter123
Post Title: 
 Aussie Eva Marie - 0488323689 - Yagoona NSW
				
Post Content: 
Name : Eva-Marie
Establishment : private
Date of Visit : Late-August 2019
Location  :  Yagoona
Phone : 0488323689
Advert Link : https://www.escortsandbabes.com.au/P...dent/Evemarie/
Rates : 150/30mins
Age : 30ish (claims 28)
Size/shape : 8
Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie
Services Provided : CBJ DATY & FS
Value for money/recommend? : Yes, friendly and tight blondie
My experience/comments :

Prelude
I have seen her ads for quite a while but never got an opportunity. I did try to contact her once but got no reply and then i noticed after a few days that her number had changed. Also couldn't find any reviews of her. Was going to be in the area and so sent her of a text and got a reply with-in the hour and time was fixed for the evening.

Location
Her apartment is in Yagoona, near the Yagoona train station and there is plenty of parking available on the street. The apartment is pretty clean and tidy. 

Physical Attributes
She is around 5'3" with long blonde hair. She has a nice body, not too skinny. First thing you notice about her face is how much powder she has on. She looks older than 28 as she claims, maybe early to mid 30s. She is an average looking girl and her bust size looked like a C Cup but i could be wrong here, atleast they were all natural and were quiet enjoyable. She was freshly showered and smelled good. Very friendly and I did enjoy conversing with her.

Service
Kissing isn't allowed but as I am not into DFK myself so not an issue for me. Started of with CBJ until the little fella was semi hard, was quiet enjoyable and she has good technique. After that it was my turn and went DATY. She is fully shaven with just a little hair just on top. Her pussy was excellent and it tasted good too. I spent a lot of time there and she seemed to be enjoying it as well as I could hear her moan slightly but not like the fake moans that most WL do. After that I went on a sucking mission on her boobs, her nipples were fully erect by now. On to the main course, started of in missionary, she was pretty tight and didn't use any lube, so I could feel being in her and enjoyed every thrust. Then on to cowgirl, we spent the rest of our time in this position as I sucked on those boobies at the same time until the little fella fired its cannons.

Conclusion
An average looking blondie with a lot of foundation on her face, but she was very friendly and more importantly her pussy was juicy and tight. So yes I did enjoy my time. Below picture is her, confirmed with her tattoo on her waist


Floor: #2
Post Time: 31st August 2019, 02:22 PM
Poster ID: Oz.punter123
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Sorry the price was $160/30


Floor: #3
Post Time: 15th April 2020, 08:35 PM
Poster ID: pashon8
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Looks interesting. Thanks for the review.


