Thread Title: Ava - Rhodes - 0416 976 639
Floor: #1
Post Time: 23rd April 2017, 03:45 AM
Poster ID: videoboy
Post Title: 
 Ava - Rhodes - 0416 976 639
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Ava

Establishment : Private apartment

Date of Visit : 06/04/17

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0416 976 639  ??young , freshly girl? ? Pls teach me ur sex??Ava 0416976639 - Sydney escorts - cracker.com.au

Hours of Business : By appointment

Rates : $130/30min $160/45min $200/60min

Age : mid 20s

Size/shape : slim, i'm guessing 45kg?

Nationality or Ethnicity : korean

Services Provided : BBBJ, CIM

Value for money/recommend? : good value

My experience/comments : 

Her english is limited so don't expect much conversation. I'm not 100% sure if the photos in the advertisement are hers (she looked slightly different if I'm remembering correctly) but it doesn't matter because Ava's body is stunning. Her breasts feel firm but she says it's natural, I can't tell? Either way, it feels good sitting on my chest. I've found that a lot of Koreans don't do kissing so there was no DFK with Ava, it doesn't bother me as I'm not really into that anyways. Her ass feels smooth when I grab it by the handful. 

She starts off by kissing and sucking my nipples, her mouth makes wet noises as she does it, and slowly working her way down to stomach and then the small area adjacent to my crotch. It feels similar to a routine that other Koreans have done on me, still feels good nonetheless. She lifts my cock up and starts to lick my balls, sucking them as well - I'm not really into that but she's stroking my cock and that's making me hard. She comes back up and puts a condom on me. She starts to suck and jerk me with her hand at the same time. The rhythm feels a bit too fast sometimes. Then she lets go and grips both her hands on my thighs and sucks me off by bouncing her head up and down - that felt good. But it felt like the suction is not at the right level for me to be able to get off. 

We move into missionary. Her pussy looks pretty and it feels tight. She must have done her kegel exercises because I can feel her squeezing me as I pump her. There were a few moments where as I was slowing down, my fitness isn't the best haha, she would keep it going by grinding away at a slow pace from the bottom, she pulls on my hips as she does this. We then change into doggy and I pump her from behind. However, I could feel a bit of her ass bone hitting me everytime I pumped her and it felt a little uncomfortable. I pushed her down to lay on her stomach, I laid on her back and squeezed her tits as I pumped her. This position felt great and I came shortly after. 

Would definitely recommend her, she had a good energy about her. For eg. she gave me a quick kiss on my butt cheek at the end and said I had a great ass. I probably don't but hey, even false compliments are welcome in my book haha.


