Thread Title: Ava Rose - Dee Why - (Contact via Backpage ad)
Floor: #1
Post Time: 24th July 2015, 10:42 PM
Poster ID: crom77
Post Title: 
 Ava Rose - Dee Why - (Contact via Backpage ad)
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name :  Ava Rose

Establishment :  Private apartment

Date of Visit :  14/7/2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 100% Aussie beach babe - Sydney escorts - backpage.com

Hours of Business :  Mon - Thurs.  6pm till late

Rates :  $150/30 mins  $280/hr.

Age :  27

Size/shape :  170cm, thin, tight body, A cup boobs

Nationality or Ethnicity :  Aussie

Services Provided : BBBJ, DATY, FS

Value for money/recommend? :  Yes, good service

My experience/comments :  Upon arrival Ava escorted me to her bedroom. She seemed a bit jittery and was putting on a sexy hornbag facade a bit too heavy for my liking but we chatted a bit as I familiarised myself with her sexy tight body. I paid up and was offered a shower, which I declined and she didn't seem fussed. She got down to her lingerie and I checked out her sexy ass which wasn't as flat as I thought considering how thin she is. We got into some heavy kissing, no tongue, and she then dropped to her knees and starting blowing me. She didn't suck as hard as I like but took my whole cock and looked up at me which I like. She played with my balls and sucked on them after I asked. She didn't mind me having my hand at the back on her head pushing a bit but I wasn't too rough but said she didn't like her hair messed up so I stopped and let her do her thing.

I got her on all fours and ate out her sexy tight pussy, no asshole play. I fingered her a bit but she seemed a bit sensitive so stopped and kept on licking. She didn't mind her ass being slapped. After putting on the dom, I pumped her doggy style a bit enjoying the view of her sexy ass and long thin body. She was enjoying it without getting too carried away or getting into a pornstar act. After a bit more pumping and reaching around to rub her pussy I was close to cumming so stopped to change position. I got her to jump on top and ride my which she did well. She didn't get as deep and ride as hard as I usually like but she rode me for a few minutes until she saw I was getting close and started thrusting more wildly until I held myself deep inside and blew my load.

I took a shower and we chatted a bit before I left. She had been away from the business for about a year but was making a comeback. Her service was good, not exactly GFE how I like it but she is a sexy root, quite attractive and worth the money. She is very popular from what she told me of her booking schedule and is friendly and open. Will visit Ava again. Contact her on the website to get her mobile number. She is a good communicator.


