Thread Title: Ava Devine - Sydney (Touring) - 0416 561 083
Floor: #1
Post Time: 26th July 2012, 10:53 PM
Poster ID: Hole in the Head
Post Title: 
 Ava Devine - Sydney (Touring) - 0416 561 083
				
Post Content: 
Hi chaps,

Yes Ava Devine the crazy pornstar.  Saw her on one of her tours to Sydney this year. She is planning to be back in November.

$800ph and included "A" service as they call it.  $700ph without.

What you see in the porn movies is what you get. This lady is a sex machine.  If you ask her to suck you for 1 hour straight. Done. 

Get to her apartment and do the usual shower.  Then go to the bed and there she is standing in those black high heels you see girls wear in these movies.  Ava is wearing a bra revealing those enhanced boobies (bit too hard) and nickers and gater things. Again, exactly like in the movies.

First, she starts to give a BJ with me standing. Then with me on the bed.  Then I ask for a 69 position. tasted very nice and juicey. Gotta to say as I was rimming her arse (note she prepares herself well and you need to tell her beforehand when booking) she had this beautiful line - "you are going to fuck that soon".  Got that right sweetheart.  This went on for a while and then asked her to lie on her back.  I lifted her legs as far up towards her head I could get them and then went deep into some serious pussy kissing and going as far as the head could go in.

Then with her in the same position, put a hat on, and slide my dick into her pornstar arse.  This girl just takes anything you give her. Ava's legs where past her head and I am slapping into that arse with such force and angle that she doesn't miss a beat. In fact she is urging you on with her yelling out things like "I love it" - in a typical New York accent. So you must follow orders.

Then move into some more serious arse fucking in doggie style.  Then some serious face sucking in different positions; me on top of her face; her lying on the bed face up with her head over the edge of the bed and me fucking her mouth with my balls slapping her nose.

Just mad.

Eventually I pop when we slow down things a bit with her yanking my dick with those tits deep in the mouth.

A rare chance to bonk a "star".  Saving up for November.

Cheers.
Hole


