Thread Title: Aviva, Busty Blonde Aussie - Manly - 0415 758 369
Floor: #1
Post Time: 22nd June 2015, 09:29 AM
Poster ID: JJX73
Post Title: 
 Aviva, Busty Blonde Aussie - Manly - 0415 758 369
				
Post Content: 
Aviva - 0415 758369.     Establishment : Private apartment, Manly.

 Date of Visit : Numerous

 Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 00415 758369. Advertisement in Manly Daily + Backpage classified.

 Hours of Business : from 10am  by appointment

 Rates : Erotic Massage starts from $110 for half an hour, FS GFE from $150 for half an hour.

 Age : 40

 Size/shape : 12 (Great boobs - Size D)

 Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

 Services Provided : Erotic Massage, FS GFE, Mutual oral, masturbation, Spanish.

 Value for money/recommend? : Definitely.

 My experience/comments :  I am astounded that I'm seemingly the first to review the delectable Aviva.  I'd seen her last year for a session, and not returned until a couple of months ago.  During my initial return visit,  something had changed !  I discretely enquired as to what that might be,  she had lost a few pounds which she attributed to healthier lifestyle and introduction of Pilates into her schedule.  

I visited a few times recently for her massage service,  which was essentially a naughty play and sensual encounter which stopped short of full service.  I promised to return to give her my cock,  and she did not disappoint.  Ironically her advert in the Backpage classified (search Aviva Manly) promised an adrenalin rush and a bold claim that you'll be wanting to cum back....well I must say this is absolutely true.  She has a very infectious personality,  extremely sexy with gorgeous lingerie.  Upon arrival I was met with a deep kiss,  and then exchanged financials and directed to the shower.  The bathroom had lovely collection of amenities not out of place in a 5 star retreat.  Although the unit block itself is a little older, she has done a fantastic job to make this little sanctuary her home from home and an extremely sensual and indulging experience in every way.

What I found most alluring was her warm, and generous personality,  She seems intent on customizing the experience so making it as personable as possible.  She does have a range toys,  and is very open to your suggestions.  She has a beautiful tasting pussy, I loved lapping this up and she seemed very responsive,  during my follow up visits the session played out exactly how I'd want,  she remembers what you like and enjoys putting a smile on your face.  When the session finishes,  we chat and cuddle for a bit and then I'm on my way.  There are a lot of service providers out there, for me the differentiation is the individual and how they make you feel,  she scores high in all departments but for this area there won't be many better.  Not a 20 year old super model with an attitude charging $500+...this is the real deal.  Depends on your tastes,  but this suits mine very well, keen to see what others think after checking her out.  Each to their own for sure,  but many of zero personality punts are completely forgettable !   Enjoy...


Floor: #2
Post Time: 1st July 2015, 10:41 PM
Poster ID: hy71194
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Her prices look a bit higher on her ad


Floor: #3
Post Time: 2nd July 2015, 04:16 PM
Poster ID: JJX73
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hi,

Few changes to my post - after a re-visit and further qualification.

Aviva is 39,  she is a curvy, slim sized 10.  With E cups.  Never was good at estimating sizes.  Lol.

The rate is $200 not $150 so good spot and apologies.  

Very much worth  giving her a call to set something up,  enjoy and let me know how you go with her customized service.


