Thread Title: AVOID! Alex - Rosehill - 0403 508 368
Floor: #1
Post Time: 23rd March 2017, 05:58 PM
Poster ID: jono87
Post Title: 
 AVOID! Alex - Rosehill - 0403 508 368
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Alex

Establishment : PWL?

Date of Visit : 23/3/17

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : ???????Aussie Alex I will do everything for u baby?0403 508 368 - Sydney escorts - backpage.com.au

Hours of Business : 9am - 10pm

Rates : $380 p/h

Age : easily mid 20's

Size/shape : 8 with a bit of a belly

Nationality or Ethnicity : cauc.

Services Provided : bbbj, fs, 

Value for money/recommend? : NO. FAKE

My experience/comments : Having free time today in the morning I decided to go punting, I can either do the usual and visit one of Dave girls that I've seen before or try a new WL. Decided that I should do my duties TOFTT and review a WL that haven been reviewed before. Scroll through backpage and message a few but Alex was the only one to reply. Make a booking and soon I'm at the address. Arrive at the street and was given the house number. This was the first warning, she advertised as working privately from her own home but this house looks better than the surrounding house (recently renovated). Red flag lights up but played it down as I've just spoken to her on the phone for the number.

Walk up and knock on the door, sure enough an Asian lady opens the door (yea right **[COLOR=rgb(0, 0, 0)]I live in house by myself and work independent**)[/COLOR] with 2 phones with her but she quickly said oh Alex is in the room, do i walk away??? decide to go with the flow. Open the room door and here is Alex inside with the room dimly lid with a lamp and a red cloth over it to dim the place. I'm in this room and this girl look nothing like the picture, she ask me if i would like to stay but instead of saying no I say yes thinking that this wouldn't be bad. Hand over the cash and was guided to the back passing a few other rooms to the shower where she join me. Strip off and we showered together and I'm thinking this isn't bad, luckily I stayed. WRONG!!!! lean in to kiss her and she try and avoid, ended kissed her on the shoulder/neck.

We are now back in the room and I now realising this isn't going well. Try some small chat and she seem to be rambling off about something just not interested and very defensive. I asked what she likes and in her word "just like to be fucked" ask about DATY and she's not into it. Well since kissing and DATY is out guess no foreplay on her. She then proceed to commence the worst BBBJ I have ever encounter to date. 

Somehow managed to get hard and asked for a condom and proceed to fuck her in missionary. I wasn't happy this whole time so my plan of action was to finish as fast as possible. Finish and try to struck another conversation and I was met with the same resistance as before. I believe she may be into this work as a only way to earn money. I wouldn't say she is on drugs or anything but maybe an anxiety issue?

Had a shower and I was out of the house in a new record of 20 mins. Don't feel bad for me, as I believe this is all part of punting and hopefully I will be saving another punter their money with my experience.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 23rd March 2017, 09:07 PM
Poster ID: novak
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
A run through Tineye.com would have told you those pics are fake. Anyway, bad luck and thanks for taking one for the team, hope the next one is better!


Floor: #3
Post Time: 23rd March 2017, 11:33 PM
Poster ID: bathiya111
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Similar things have happened to me. I have warned the punters about it in this forum.

One WL working in many suburbs should ring the warning bells. Clear sign that the girl is not the one in the picture. If you decided to punt, when you see the girl is different, it is time to walk.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 24th March 2017, 12:19 AM
Poster ID: ytrewq
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
thanks for TOFTT i read this ad and almost went but the weird way it was written put me off. was very oriental WL in its wording. hate the duds!


Floor: #5
Post Time: 24th March 2017, 09:45 AM
Poster ID: Shark67
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks jono 87 ... That took guts to write about that. Great info


Floor: #6
Post Time: 24th March 2017, 04:10 PM
Poster ID: jono87
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks guys, just for the record Alex is a Caucasian lady, just not as pictured in the ad and is managed by an Asian mamasan in that house.


