Thread Title: Ayuko - Darlinghurst - 0404 233 866
Floor: #1
Post Time: 10th February 2013, 09:54 PM
Poster ID: pa55
Post Title: 
 Ayuko - Darlinghurst - 0404 233 866
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Ayuko

Establishment : Apartment in Oxford Street

Date of Visit : 6th February 2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0404233866

Hours of Business :

Rates : In call- $100 1/2hr, $150 45mins, $160 1hr; Out call- $ 220 1hr- Massage: 1/2hr $60, 1hr $110, 45mins $100.

Age : 27

Size/shape : Small

Nationality or Ethnicity : Japanese

Services Provided : Limited bbbj, cbj, full service no Greek

Value for money/recommend? : NO 
On my "to do" punting list is to fulfil visiting a Japanese lady. I completed that objective by making my unfortunate visit to her. It was unfortunate because of the level of service received and the level of effort made to receive it because even though she is advertises in all Sydney locations in the cracker website and very responsive to SMS's, her services appeared structured, rushed and she could be pimped out to someone else.
5 minutes before arriving at the intended location, I received an SMS apologising by telling me that she was unavailable so I rang back to ask her when she was ready. She replied back that she will be ready at 5:30 pm. I decided to wait by walking past the rendezvous point and read the mX on the stars of the Riley Street walkway. My concentration levels in reading was lost by the frustration in waiting for the new postponed time, but with 5 minutes left, I rang her and was given the room number to her apartment. Upon entering the apartment, a curious woman ushered me quickly to the bedroom. Once inside, I turned my head to see this curiosity and was formerly introduced to Ayuko in the flesh grinning at me with her slightly crooked teeth: she was small in height, and wearing a nightie with matching black lingerie and a necklace which she stripped off. Her photo different to her cracker ads. The rushed entrance was due to the fact that someone else was in the same unit at the same time of my appointment which freaked me out. I questioned her for an explanation which she initially denied at first guiding me instead to take a shower first. So I did but not without paying her the $160 for the hour. After the shower, she decided to give me a massage so she can make me "horny" before the FS. So I laid on my stomach and received it with her hand moving back and forth, proceeding very slowly to my legs. It was ok, no complaints there. We managed to engage in light conversation such as her heritage, how long she was in Australia, the $600 p/w rent of her apartment she lives in and her job-where to my shock I learned that she only started recently (up to a fortnight ago) whilst trying to manage another job as well as trying to study business. I could smell something wrong here but was too late for me to stop. 
As I "rose to attention", Ayuko was getting ready to give me a cbj when I told her to give me one without the condom. She agreed but told me that her mouth was "saw" and would only give me a limited bbbj service. She also cautioned me that she charges $20 extra for the bbbj but as I was "good to her", she waived that extra. The bbbj was ok but only lasted for a minute top and proceeded to insert the condom for the cbj. The cbj was purely focused on the head with lots of rubbing and tugging: pretty bland and uneventful so I proceeded then for the vaginal penetration. Her sighs and moans suggested that I was going good job satisfying her but may have just been a routine used on prior punters. We switched positions and with me on top, I was able to cum inside her much to her delight but she took it as a sign to automatically clean up. I exclaimed to her indicating that the hour was not up and so she reluctantly agreed to go again. I laid down and received another massage as well as a cbj. However, she was not keen on FS and wanted me to cum again. I tried but did not get it to work. I suggested Greek but was refused due to her body frame as well as her preference to avoiding the act altogether. I was so frustrated by the appointment I decided to end it there; got dressed, passed the old woman and left in a hurry, contemplating the disappointment received.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 10th February 2013, 10:32 PM
Poster ID: exmelpunter
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Sorry to hear that pa55.  Did you actually speak to her in Japanese.  I would stake my life on the fact that she was 100% NOT Japanese so put that back on your bucket list.  There is no way a genuine j girl is charging 160 for the hour.  Your lady was almost certainly one of a few that get cycled throuh that apartment each day.  Threll be a string if mobile numbers, lots of stalling tactics cos they frequently double book Nd the service you get will be very basic.  You TOFTT I'm sorry to say. Emp


