Thread Title: Ayumi - Private Haymarket Sydney 0424 820 833
Floor: #1
Post Time: 26th April 2017, 10:12 PM
Poster ID: AussieGuy1968
Post Title: 
 Ayumi - Private Haymarket Sydney 0424 820 833
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Ayumi

 Establishment : Private Lady - Private Apartment off Quay Street Haymarket

 Date of Visit : 26/4/17

 Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Japanese Ayumi, size 6 sexy, naughty, busty natC cup waiting for u 100% real pic $150?? 0424 280 833 - Sydney escorts - cracker.com.au

 Hours of Business : 24/7

 Rates : $230/hour, Greek extra - $380 f0r 90min including anall

 Age : 30's

 Size/shape : Slim, C cup, Waxed

 Nationality or Ethnicity : Claims Japanese but school is out

 Services Provided : Massage, BBBJ, Shower, 69, Greek/Anal

 Value for money/recommend? : No

Feeling toey after a horror day at work, I turned to Cracker in search of some CBD Japanese GFE (hopefully with Greek available)  A search revealed a few options so SMS sent and Ayumi was first to reply.  A quick check of her number showed no results so time to TOFT.

Entry to her apartment was easy and first impressions was of an independent girl set up in a new modern apartment... 

There ends the positives....

There was no passionate greeting just a request to sit and the next 30 minutes being told all about her interest in herbal medicines with he even showing me herbals to take from her IPAD... I know.. should have walked 

After a few "Don't worry darling we start soon" Ayumi finally disrobes and displays a nice body and I am asked to shower.  We scrubs me down without any tease or playfulness but by this stage I was mainly focusing on a little DATY on her smooth pussy and having some anal fun with her slim frame.

Into the bedroom it becomes a little mechanical with her applying a liberal amount of lube and inviting me to play and lick her pussy.... yummy.. lubricant flavoured pussy...

She then proceeds to put on masturbation porn on her ipad, explaining she loves to get off on it..  Personally I found it very distracting as I much prefer my own live porn when with a lady.  Even when I closed the ipad, she reopened and with "You watch darling, you get horny and you cum".  No darling, you stop fucking around with the ipad and I will cum.. Unfortunately the session ended her stopping every few minutes to start a new video.

Her anal service only allowed her ontop (guess guys have been rough in doggy/missionary) and personally that does nothing for me... (love the visual of a slim girl, face down, ass up).

Even after getting her into doggy for some pussy action, she quickly pulled away with "I clean you up now darling".. WTF I was finally enjoying it.. let me cum and then clean me up.

Give her credit, the 30 minute talk time was not included in my paid time, but given the incessant talking, the stop/start resetting of porn, her answering texts and doing her laundry, I was and probably should have walked after 3 minutes.

One for the "Sometimes it's better to just go the RnT path"

Body - 7/10
Face - 6/10
GFE - 1/10
Apartment - 10/10

If anyone knows of a reasonable priced Japanese WL, ping me...


Floor: #2
Post Time: 27th April 2017, 06:33 AM
Poster ID: nextlif
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
AussieGUy . I have moved your review to the correct Forum. The Bronze Lounge is for reviews of Massage Parlours only thanks.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 28th April 2017, 09:31 AM
Poster ID: LUNGOR
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Even without doing any google search on the photos, pretty sure they belonged to Elly Tran Ha!

Interesting nothing was mentioned by the OP if the photos are from the real person ?


