Thread Title: Baby - CBD - 0405 005 605
Floor: #1
Post Time: 18th December 2017, 03:09 PM
Poster ID: kylebutler
Post Title: 
 Baby - CBD - 0405 005 605
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Baby

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 8 December 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0405005605
???Exclusive 5 Days Only??? Real 19 Size 6 Doll Touring??? Verified Pic DO NOT MISS??? In Out - Sydney escorts - backpage.com.au

Hours of Business : Ask, I saw her at 5pm

Rates : $200/45 + $50 BBBJ+DFK

Age : 20s

Size/shape : Tall, slim, C cups

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese I think

Services Provided : BBBJ, kissing (not DFK), FS

Value for money/recommend? : Maybe

My experience/comments : Advertises as verified pic and I can guarantee, it's her...

Contact was easy, set up a meeting for after work. Arrived on time and asked to wait 5 minutes, then text's me the apartment number and asks that I don't knock, she will open the door.

This is fine, I go up, see it's definitely her and I pay the $250. Ask if I can take a shower, so I do and hear back to her room. She doesn't allow DATY and starts with some light kissing. I then hear some other people come into the apartment and go to the room next door, so it's definitely not private... More like a dodgy brothel run out of serviced apartments....

Anyway, she then starts with a BBBJ, and every once in a while fucks around with her phone, very off putting. Good BBBJ skills but just couldn't get a good mood as she kept stopping to mess with her phone.

Dom on and we try cowgirl... She says I'm too big and to take it slow (this is why I started with cowgirl, as then she's in control)... Anyway, can't get any rythym going as she keeps stopping. We try mish, but she seems genuinely in pain... So I stop and ask her to finish me with a HJ. She doesn't seem to know how to give one, so I get some lube and show her (was going to get a friction burn otherwise)...

Eventually come and I get out of there after another shower (can hear the second couple going at it from the shower... Pity I couldn't hear that from the bedroom, might have been a turn on)....

So, she is definitely the girl pictured in the ad, but inexperienced and we didn't click..

YMMV...


Floor: #2
Post Time: 23rd January 2018, 05:52 PM
Poster ID: Dak2000
Post Title: 
 Baby 0405005605
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Baby

Establishment : private

Date of Visit : late Dec 17

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 
0405005605
????Verified Selfie????Exclusive Limited Time ??19yo Highclass Stunner Touring Now in&Out?? - Sydney escorts - backpage.com.au

Hours of Business : not stated. My visit was 3pm

Rates : 
20mins: $120
30mins: $150
45mins: $200
60mins: $250
2 hours unlimited fun: $480

Age : 22-25

Size/shape : slim, B cup, 165cm

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese 

Services Provided : FS
DFK $20, Bbbj $30, Cim $50. 

Value for money/recommend? : I did 30min at $150. Debatable 

My experience/comments : 

Made contact easily and agreed on time. Got text back to say ready now so I went early. 

Fairly old appartment, is close to Wynyard. Wasn't offered a shower. Limited communication so we just looked at each other and stripped. She is definitely the girl in the video of the ad, but I reckon there are a number of different girls in the ad so they are not all her. 

Paid extra for DFK, but she puckered up tighter than the proverbial gnats arse... probably not going to happen.

She rolled on a condom. Probably would have been easier with an erection.. did finally fill it and she proceeded to CBJ. It was actually good, so when she stopped and indicated with loop of thumb and forefinger and poking index finger of opposite hand through it I had her keep going.

On to sex started with her on her back, not much action so I thought I'd go a bit slower and drag it out. Was able to keep inside her and spin her round into different positions. When we lent over from the other bed in the room for a bit of standing doggy she reached for her phone.. while I had her breasts swaying loosely in my hands and pumped... that was new... I tried to kiss her back and she picked up the phone again.. punched something in and gave it to me. Apparently my attempts at intimacy made her itchy.

Sitting back down finally got some motion in a kind of reverse cowgirl. Back to mish for a pounding to finish, she spoke and said a couple times yes fuck me... but by that stage I think someone had just said make sure you say this...

Don't think I'd return, but I would have had my dick in her for a while which was pleasant as I spun her round.


