Thread Title: Baby Bee - Northmead -  0412 651 278
Floor: #1
Post Time: 23rd January 2019, 01:16 PM
Poster ID: james31
Post Title: 
 Baby Bee - Northmead -  0412 651 278
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Bee


Establishment : Private



Date of Visit : 22-01-19 



Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.escortsandbabes.com.au/P...ndent/BabyBee/



Phone : 0412651278



Hours of Business : 9am-9pm



Rates : $300ph $50 BBBJ + CIM $100 Anal



Age : 24



Size/shape : Slim, athletic, 5' 10" , C Cup.  Average looker



Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian



Services Provided : BBBJ, FS



Value for money/recommend? : Hmmm not for me but YMMV



My experience/comments : Bee has previously been reviewed on this site at Quakers Hill and most recently she was at Jordan Springs but I could not find her reviews (so mods may want to shift this review ). I have been wanting to catch up with Bee for a while particularly since she now advertises BBBJ with CIM and even BBBJ was prohibited in her last ads, also it has been a while since I have seen a cauc WL since I have found some standout Asians.  Bee is not very pretty but then she wore no make up so perhaps she scrubs up better when dolled up, certainly no sexy underwear and she just had her hair tied up so the effort was not high so this did not bode well.

My experience was very much less than I expected, perhaps Bee was having an off day or she simply did not like me not that she was ever rude or unpleasant it was more like she just was not "there" the experience would almost best be described as a starfish but maybe that is being a little unkind she just seemed a bit vacant.

Right from the start she expected me to take the lead and after some furtive fondling of her quite nice tits I asked if I could DATY her which she agreed to, she was nice and clean but after 10 minutes of tonguing there was zero reaction from her and I mean not a noise or a word, I stopped and asked her a couple of times if what I was doing was OK or if she wanted me to stop but she just told me to spend as much time as I like.

I got bored with this and she asked if I wanted head to which I agreed, she then proceeded to give me a very average BBBJ which was more hand action with my knob barely entering her mouth so after a short time I stopped her and she lay back down and I asked her if we could kiss and she said yes but not deep kissing. The kissing was a total waste of time , I tried to gently stroke her as I kissed her but the kissing could best be described as if I was kissing a mannequin ( or a sex doll with closed lips ) 

Ok by now I was getting pretty frustrated, I paid a reasonable amount of money but was getting a lacklustre session with zero feedback so I asked for sex, so on with a dom and I asked her for her favourite position and she said she liked spooning, doggy or just flat on her stomach ( all positions I note where she does not face the punter ). I started off in spoon position which was easily accessible because she is slim followed by some doggy . The sex itself from a mechanical point of view was good, her pussy was tight, she had a nice peachy butt , you could play with her butt but the best part was watching your cock slide in and out of her pussy as her lips would pull back with your cock so it was as good as it gets from the mechanics of it, however during the whole session there was not a peep out of Bee, not even a slight moan or comment so there was no way to gauge whether she like it/hated it/ loved it/ loathed it , really I might as well have been fucking a sex doll.

Weirdly she let me wank myself to a cum all over her arsehole so my man goo pooled nicely in her butt hole and dribbled down to her pussy, she seems quite conscious of her hygiene but let my man juice roll over her pussy, I guess she does CIM now which she never advertised previously so maybe she has relaxed her stance.  I would suggest that perhaps she needed to because from my point of view there is little incentive to see her apart from perhaps pumping her arse which did look inviting but I was not about to spend another $100 for anal on top of the $350 I already paid.

Anyway for me it was not a great success with Bee, perhaps she will click with other punters certainly if she was enthusiastic she would be a great fuck but sadly not for me.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 25th January 2019, 06:28 PM
Poster ID: FrankParkinson
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Baby Bee

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : January 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://scarletblue.com.au/escort/babyb

Phone : 0412 651 278

Hours of Business : 9am-9pm M-F

Rates : 15 min BJ $100, 15 min FS $150, 30 min $200, 45 min $250, 60 min $300, Greek +$100, BBBJ +$50

Age : Early 20s

Size/shape : Slim, 5'10", C cup

Nationality or Ethnicity : Caucasian

Services Provided : FS

Value for money/recommend? : Maybe

My experience/comments : Real redheads are a bit thin on the ground, and happily Baby Bee is a genuine redhead, with nice hair and a fair compexion. I found her very pretty, rather than alluring. She has quite a few tattoos (skillfully airbrushed from her photos) which some might find off-putting.

It was easy to organise an appointment via SMS (which she prefers rather than calls) and finding parking nearby was straightforward. Her private apartment is very nice.

As has been stated previously, Baby Bee is fairly passive, letting you take the initiative, which I don't mind, and is happy to take suggestions. I found myself asking a few times if she was happy with what I was doing, and she said she was, but I would have been happier if she had given a bit more feedback. As it was, she remained entirely silent, which was a bit off-putting. She offers "light kissing" but it's a bit like kissing a doll.

I really enjoy bringing partners to climax, but that just didn't happen with Baby Bee, and not for lack of trying on my part. Not a groan or a whimper, alas.

She is actually quite friendly, and it might be interesting to have her as a dinner companion, although I think it might be more a case of chatting to a pretty young woman rather than footsies under the table. Perhaps it's just me, but Baby Bee doesn't seem to have any "come hither" looks or seductive skills, despite the very attractive photos.

On the plus side, Baby Bee is very pretty, quite friendly, fairly obliging (at least to the extent that I went, which wasn't far), and without artifice.

On the minus side, there was just no feedback, no evidence of enjoyment on her part, and complete silence unless I asked her a question. While I'm not wanting someone to fake it, it's nice to know when she's having fun.

If I saw her again, I think I'd spend the first part of the hour sitting on the lounge chatting, trying to make her feel comfortable and relaxed and talkative, and then retire to the bedroom later.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 19th July 2019, 02:46 PM
Poster ID: dudhero
Post Title: 
 Baby bee - northmead - 0412651278
				
Post Content: 
Name: bee

Date of visit: 19/7/2019

Link: https://au.skokka.com/escorts/sydney...pwtv252549581/

tel:0412651278

Services: full, bbj anal

Hours of Business : 10am till 7pm

Rates : $200 30 mins multiple shot + extra 50 bbbj + cim

Age : says early 20s

Size/shape : C cup, 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Redhead / australian

Services Provided : bbbj + cim, shower, full

Value for money/recommenn: not worth it. She is a complete starfish experience. Even bbbj isnt good. She sucks the top thats it. Nothing passionate

My experience/comments :
Sucks i had to take a bullet. So hard to park in her area too many cars. Upon arrival, very detached and unaccommodating. As if she doesnt want you there. Ask to have a shower coz i just got off work. She just lay there waiting for me to go on top of her. It was so awkward. I asked
Her to blow me and she asked me to lie down and there one sloppy suck but nothing amazing. 3/10. Fcked her missionairy not a single reaction from her im like fcking a doll. Asked her to turn around and fckd her doggy. Nothing! I just quickly did the deed. Not even got to do my cim. She doesnt show effort and 100% starfish. Not really worth the buck. I didnt finish my time and just got it over with. Incomplete service. Punters beware you wont have fun. It might be my because of my ethnicity i dont know but really unhappy and not worth the buck.  Cheers


Floor: #4
Post Time: 19th July 2019, 04:01 PM
Poster ID: jabba70
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks for taking the "punt". I have seen her ad and already avoided concluded it was overpriced service. Given the plethora of cheaper better looking options i would never pay for that unless there were stella reviews AND there was a physical attraction i really liked.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 16th October 2019, 01:49 PM
Poster ID: myself01
Post Title: 
 Baby Bee Northmead
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Baby Bee

Date of Visit : September

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.escortsandbabes.com.au/P...ndent/BabyBee/

Phone :0412651278

Hours of Business :

Rates :  $200/20 mins

Age : 20s

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian


Value for money/recommend? : No

My experience/comments : 
Made the mistake of venturing into this one without doing any research. The attraction of a white working lady at reasonable prices and verified advertisements on reputed sites lured me in. 
Bee is a young white girl, with a nice body. However, her face in my honest opinion, is not attractive and I already had some regrets with the punt from the outset. However,  this wasn't the main issue as her body is otherwise very attractive. The problem was that her service is strange (to put it mildly). After I entered the room, Bee took her clothes off and lay flat on her back. Zero engagement. It was very, very strange. I almost had no idea how to proceed. It was as if she had suffered from some trauma in the past and her way of coping was to lie flat and close her eyes. She also was very awkward in conversation. 

Not knowing what to do and wanting to make something out of my $200 (I'm not a walker), I fondled her breasts, somehow managed to get an erection, pounded away for 5 mins until I blew and got out of there as quickly as I could.  

Not to my taste at all, but YMMV.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 16th October 2019, 05:18 PM
Poster ID: james31
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Ah Mr Myself01 this is why we frequent this site in the hope that the insights from previous punters will help our decisions, all 3 of the existing reviews are in concurrence with Baby Bee's starfish experience.

Oh well there is always next time


Floor: #7
Post Time: 28th October 2019, 11:02 AM
Poster ID: TROLLZER4000
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks for the heads up! and for taking the punt..

I saw her ad on ESB awhile ago... it did give me a slight indicator to stay away with too many "special conditions"


Floor: #8
Post Time: 31st May 2020, 01:58 PM
Poster ID: pashon8
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Just saw her ad. Photos at least look good and price looks ok not too outrageous but the limited availability means I won't be booking anytime soon but perhaps one day.


