Floor: #1
Post Time: 7th June 2019, 04:18 PM
Poster ID: Sydneyseeker
Post Title: 
 Bailee - Potts Point/Kings Cross - 0404 661 485
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Bailee

Establishment : Private Residence

Date of Visit : 18/5/19

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.escortsandbabes.com.au/P...nt/baileymilf/

Phone :  0404661485 

Hours of Business : Available 24 hours

Rates : $150 short visit 

Age : late 20's

Size/shape : Curvy

Nationality or Ethnicity : Caucasian

Services Provided : Full Service

Value for money/recommend? : Definitely

My experience/comments : Was on my way home from work and decided to check out who was online. I came across Bailee's profile, which I hadn't seen before. I sent her a message and she replied not long after. After a few fun text exchanges, I drove over to her place not far from the X. I found free parking outside of her door instantly (which is always a plus in Sydney) and made my way up to her door.

I wasn't really sure what I was getting into but her photo's were too good to pass up. As the door opened I was greeted by a very smiley and fun girl, the same girl in the pics phhhhew. I asked if she was new to this, to which she replied yes how could you tell... Bailee led me inside and that's where the fun began...

After taking care of the funds, I asked if we could start with a standing BBBJ. She was more than down for that and started sucking and stroking all over. Bailee mentioned that she really loves big cocks and she means it. She began trying to deepthroat me with moaning and plenty of eyes. I had to take a pause for a moment as I didn't want to bust too early. Bailee then says that she wants me to fuck her before she goes out for the night. Well I couldn't leave this girl hanging, so I proceeded to dom up and bend her over. Bailee has a really tight pussy and a great ass to match. I slapped her ass as she screamed and screamed. I couldn't hold back and finished strong. 

After a little chat I made my way out the door and wished her a fun night on the town. I couldn't really believe what luck I had with this short punt and I drove home. I'm definitely planning another visit soon!

SS


Floor: #2
Post Time: 20th July 2019, 02:08 PM
Poster ID: Oz.punter123
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Ads gone from E&B


Floor: #3
Post Time: 29th July 2019, 10:36 AM
Poster ID: milkyjoe
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
What does she look like ?


Floor: #4
Post Time: 30th July 2019, 09:39 AM
Poster ID: Binga
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Heres one link that was found by doing a Google search of her number:

https://au.skokka.com/escorts/sydney...ec4j261981735/

Seems quite a few ads and some different names with that number - perhaps SS can confirm if any of the links come with pics that match the girl he saw?


