Thread Title: Bailey Brooke - Surry Hills - 0458 227 203
Floor: #1
Post Time: 15th July 2016, 07:04 PM
Poster ID: Greek
Post Title: 
 Bailey Brooke - Surry Hills - 0458 227 203
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Bailey Brooke

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 15/07/16

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : ad doesnt have the correct number use 0473894006
Banging Bailey Brookes ***SYDNEY ALL DAY ALL NIGHT*** 0458227203 - Australia escorts - cracker.com.au

Hours of Business : N/A Tour around Australia, in Sydney for the weekend.

Rates : 1/2 HOUR $250 (not Inc extras) 1 HOUR $350

Age : 28

Size/shape : Christy Mack shape

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : Full service and the best blow job!

Value for money/recommend? : 100% yes

My experience/comments : In love with Christy Mack and found Baileys Ad on cracker looked similar and decided to have a punt, txt and quick reply back with details, really nice serviced apartment near Townhall station. Mind you she has security, the guy is super chilled out and I didnt feel weird around him. Gave the money and he left outside. Then she appeared this tattoo'd lookalike to Christy Mack, instant hard on! bubbly character yet her eyes give you this dirty look of I'm gonna eat you up. All the memories of scene's done to Christy Mack came flooding back, bonus tip her room has a bloody mirror on the ceiling FTW best thing ever. Does a health check then she goes on her knees and crawls to me like a cat, slowly taking my pants off and finally she looks straight into my eyes to the soul f my penis and just took it in whole while her hand were holding on to her heels. A few minutes of  nothing but mouth, I get really into it and started grabbing her head and just scull fucking her, she took it like a champ even spitting on my dick. I lay her on the bed with her head hanging from it with more scull fucking, then she bring over an eye mask and things got even better, I couldnt see anything but she went around teasing me licking here and sucking there. I got to excited and bent her over and went as hard as I could even better when you have built in cupboards with mirror and ceiling mirror. Great booty to pound! She never said no or complaint. Filled the bag, cuddled and did some deep and meaningful to end the night. she ticked one of my fantasies, I hope she does something similar to you guys. Link below to Christy Mack.

Busty round ass Christy Mack - XNXX.COM


