Thread Title: Beach Kitten - Ava - avarosekitten@gmail.com
Floor: #1
Post Time: 2nd January 2016, 01:00 PM
Poster ID: reggid
Post Title: 
 Beach Kitten - Ava - avarosekitten@gmail.com
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Ava 

Establishment : Private apartment dee why 

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : avarosekitten@gmail.com 
Beach Kitten - Sydney escorts - backpage.com 

Rates : $250/30  $350/60

Age : late 20's early 30's  

Size/shape : Slim, tall, flat chested 

Nationality or Ethnicity : caucasian  

Services Provided : FS, BBBJ,  

Value for money/recommend? : Decent value if you like tall girls but a decent hike  

Saw her ad on cracker (on one pic in that one) but cant find link so posted the backpage ad which had more clear pics which are her 100%. correspondence is via email but quickly gives out number and quotes rates etc. i

 tend to do 30min bookings incase PWL are duds to save the funds  Place is an oldish apartment in dee why that was clean and i think she lives there. when i arrived i was a little disappointed as she is much taller than i expected (i like short girls) the other ad didnt make this as obvious as it is now, face was ok not a stunner more girl next door. 

She was friendly and accommodating. offered a shower in the attached en suite then down a nice massage to get things started. what i was there for.  started massaging the tackle with handles and BBBJ (included in rate) and was very good and eager to please. quickly want her to jump on the dommed up shaft for CG and did a few positions she really got into it and can take a pounding and certainly seemed open minded. 

i suggested that i CIM and pulled the dom off for some more BJ and blew a few days into her mouth. no swallow. 

A decent experience but the drive is pretty far. will return if im in that neck of the woods.  Finished off with a rub down, she is quite good at massage.

for some stupid reason the formatting went to shit when i posted but fixed most of it


Floor: #2
Post Time: 2nd January 2016, 03:30 PM
Poster ID: WOTAN01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
reggid what is her hourly rate do you know?


Floor: #3
Post Time: 2nd January 2016, 08:06 PM
Poster ID: reggid
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
its 350/hr and my thing should say 250/30min its a typo but can edit anymore


Floor: #4
Post Time: 13th August 2016, 06:51 AM
Poster ID: JJX73
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Anyone seen her recently,  appeared in adverts couple months back but now seems to have vanished again....pattern here...anyone know anything ?


