Thread Title: Becy Yoko -Sydey CBD - 0403 412 955
Floor: #1
Post Time: 21st August 2017, 03:25 PM
Poster ID: MrSeven
Post Title: 
 Becy Yoko -Sydey CBD - 0403 412 955
				
Post Content: 
Becy Yoko - Private Girls - 0403 412 955
Person's Name : Becy

Establishment : Private apartment, Elizabeth st, cbd 

Date of Visit : 20th August

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Elizabeth st Sydney city  https://www.privategirls.com.au/becy_yoko.php 

Hours of Business : midday-late

Rates : $350 30 mins

Age : mid-late 20s

Size/shape : 8-10 busty

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian

Services Provided : full service, bbbj

Value for money/recommend? : Not bad, not great

My experience/comments: Communication with Becy was quick but I found her to be a little negative in her initial text messaging, but once I met her I found her to be very engaging, a real sweety.

I was horny on a Sunday and chloe at paddington is away, so Seven is out to play. Met her early afternoon at her apartment in the city. I know she's Japanese because straight away everything is super clean and you have to leave your shoes at the front of house.

Chloe was wearing a little robe. Greeted me with a smile. And told me to shower. Under the robe she was wearing this white Lacey lingerie with a g string. It tucked into her bum perfectly. Jumped in the shower with her; she gave me a good soaping and rub down and little kiss. She's the type who leaves her eyes open during kiss which I find a bit off putting but each to their own.

Next to the bedroom. Again super clean, candles, smelt great. We both got naked. She pushed me up against the cabinet, sucked my nipples and made her way down to my growing dick.

A few sucks and teasing then we moved to the bed. Now I must say, I did tell Becy I was after a specifically deepthroat bbbj session with gagging.

What I got wasn't deepthroat really. She went maybe half way but i know she could've gone a lot deeper if she really put in effort. Her dt was lacklustre. Took me a while to cum as she jerked me off onto her tits. 

A nice finish but I always prefer deepthroat with a CIM, but for CIM it's extra for Becy. And I'd rather not pay extra if the deepthroat is dull.

She was keen for sex and I could tell her Pussy was wet rubbing against my leg. But i only punt for deepthroat sessions.

Her tits are nice and large for her small frame. Natural if you're wondering.

A nice Jap girl. She even served me a hot tea at the end of the sesh and we had a nice chat about each other.

would I go back? No. Because She didn't give proper deepthroat as advertised. 
Would other punters like her? Yes. But YMMV.

Cheers


