Thread Title: Bella  - Sydney - 0405 507 788
Floor: #1
Post Time: 11th April 2016, 09:26 PM
Poster ID: Mogreen
Post Title: 
 Bella  - Sydney - 0405 507 788
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Bella

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 11 Mar (and once before)

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : BELLA ?? Stunning busty brunette & naughty little slut!?Out Calls NOW xxx - Sydney escorts - cracker.com.au

Hours of Business : not sure

Rates : First time was 150 half and 250 full hour and since i did that once, got for same rates. new rates 200 half and 300 full

Age : 35

Size/shape : Bit more than in pics

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : FS,DATY,BBBJ

Value for money/recommend? : No

My experience/comments : 

Finally after being tied up for some time with work have been able to write a review. 

Saw this ad on cracker and as i mentioned, the first ad was for 150 and 250 and kinda liked the pics, so thought i l give it a go. My oh my, i need a dick flick for sure for trying her out twice. Texted her the first time and no response. The next day, she texts me saying she is available. I ask her if she can do a 3 pm booking and was all good till i arrived at townhall station and started walking to hyde park (she works out from oaks in hyde park). She was like, i will love you if you can delay 10 mins. i said okay. Finally after loving me to the moon and back, the walk from townhall station to oaks hyde park ended at 4pm(when she was like you can wait here while i get ready). 

I collect the keys from the reception and go in. Here she is, looks kinda okay, bit more heavy than in pics and not flabby rather bit more on the fuller side. Sat in the lounge for another half hour before she finally gets ready. (i was almost asleep by this time )

I took the shower and jumped into bed, sorted the finances. She sets the alarm (was quite surprised to see that for someone who doesnt keep up with booking times). 

There is no natural flow rather she asks what would you like (TBH i hate that question). DFK is not great but still okay. Slowly goes down for a BBBJ and then things started to become interesting. Good PSE style BJ and deep throat while she fingers herself. Was not quite into DATY as she was like lets take care of you after 2 mins of DATY. 

For a Blo and go, its quite okay but my oh my she talks and gets you from full mast to half or no mast quite quick and never felt like penetrating as by the time i take it from her mouth, radio opens and there you go. She likes dirty talk, so if you can do that, she would love it also anal play on her. The alarm obviously rings and i am nowhere near finish. She turns it off and offers me 5 more mins (after i waited for 1 hour). Finally finish on her chest. Not quite a happy chap.

I thought it might be coz she is new and couple of weeks later, give it a go again. OMG exactly same routine the second time (from initial wait to waiting in room for her to be ready to talking the shit out).

What i can say is she may be good in the sack(can see the light somewhere in the tunnel). As of now my thought is either she is here just for the money and not looking for customer satisfaction or might even be me. 

Other punters, please feel free to correct my impression if i am wrong here


Floor: #2
Post Time: 11th April 2016, 10:06 PM
Poster ID: reggid
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks for saving me some dough


Floor: #3
Post Time: 12th April 2016, 05:53 AM
Poster ID: Lasher167
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hahaha thanks for the info was tempted.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 12th April 2016, 08:36 PM
Poster ID: Mogreen
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
glad i could help guys


Floor: #5
Post Time: 14th April 2016, 10:04 PM
Poster ID: chimera
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I'll give myself a dick punch instead of seeing her now 
Thanks for the info.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 15th April 2016, 10:39 PM
Poster ID: Jayk123
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thank god I seen this lol planned on seeing her lol


