Floor: #1
Post Time: 21st April 2019, 06:47 PM
Poster ID: aimlockfire
Post Title: 
 Belle/ Belinda - Liverpool  / Bass Hill - 0412 891 085
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Belle / Belinda


Establishment : Will do car jobs near liverpool / campbeltown or + $50 extra for incalls in western suburbs, ocassionally hires motels around Bass Hill or Liverpool


Date of Visit : 07/04/2019


Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Phone : https://sydney.locanto.com.au/ID_338...lay-28-28.html


Phone : 0412 891 085


Hours of Business : 6 pm till late


Rates : $200 an hour (+50/70 if outcalls depening on location)


Age : About 28-32


Size/shape : Size 10-12, C cups, Not chubby, but not slim, womanly full figured, Blonde on hair, Brunette on landing strips;-)


Nationality or Ethnicity : Caucasian


Services Provided : BBBJ, DATY, FS, Massage


Value for money/recommend? : Absolutely for me!!!


My experience/comments :
I spend 2 weeks trying to call her during day time and number was always off. One day I tried after 6pm and magic she received. It is then I learnt that she only turns her phone on after 5pm ish. So call her after 6pm.
Arrangement was very easy. We organized to meet at 10 pm in a motor inn around bass hill. She was very cute / bubbly over phone and was spot on with directions.


She greeted in a black dress gown. Looked more like your attractive neighbour's wife and not your barbie model. Which is a bigger turn on for me. She said she was into spirituality and breathwork and energetic sex as well. This was a massive thing for me. 
We both unrobed. Her body shape was very feminine and very natural... just the right amount of fat and muscle... and smooth white skin...manicured puss... medium sized nipples.... started with a tantric seating position, gazing eyes to bring up that sexual energy... continued with some breathing for a while. Then we started kissing each other, tongues taking control, before long we were both licking and tasting each other, smelling each other like two animals unleashed... then we moved onto to rubbing our genitals without insertion for a while.... then we explored touching each other, leading to a 69, and then I sat down and ate her pussy for a while which smelled so good. She then turned around, while I am lying in bed, continuing BJ.

Then we returned to yib/yam position, pussy sliding on top of my dick. Was so tempted to to get in bare back... but controlled, we both smiled... reminding of the "Condom Brothers"... she gently got the condom on my dick like a loving GF/wife.... and then she got on top of me... hips swaying.... gently and then with more pace... and then we did 5 different positions... doggy, missionary, sideways, spooning, her lying down-me getting from the back (not anal)...
In the end... (time just flew)... she came twice... in the middle of it all... lost count of when and how. My purpose was not to blow as there was that tantricity effect involved. 

Before we knew it was an 1 hour 15 mins... or something like that. She did not seem like a clock watcher. We cuddled for a while and we shared stuff about our lives (she is a very intelligent woman and a very empathetic person)...
I took a brief shower, kissed her, cuddled her again and then got clothes on... gave her the warmest hug... and parted ways.
All I will say is she is very submissive. She mentioned she does fantasies and also BDSM... not my thing... but the whole sensual lovemaking is worth a million to me.

I have been staying in touch with her now and then via text... and will soon see her again for sure!!


Floor: #2
Post Time: 3rd June 2019, 02:01 AM
Poster ID: mformforeva
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Had belle tonight for outcall, half hour, $150. 

Oh she was 1 gorgeous looking chick. 
Does preety much anything you ask for, for some extra penny afcourse, but no anal. Very well behaved and presentable. 

Not very hard to reach with prompt replies, but doesnt use phone during service. 

Good kisser, pussy nice and tight (ish), medium bust size (but all natural), nice butt and overall sexy milf. Got some tatoo work in her body.

Started with taking clothes off, tounge kissing and the best bbbj everrr. One of the best oral id had in a while. Shes very enthusiastic about oral. Followed by missionary which unfortunately i didnt last long. Had genuine interest and pleasure of having my penis in her, real moans and i think she had an orgasm while at it (she went all shakky and eyes curled), all led me to bust my nuts straight out. After that chattered around for some time and she left.

Easy going and talkitive. Takes some great pounding and is flexible. Only tried missionary though different positions like doggy and spooning were on offer. Smells good and is well manicured. 

All in all, great sex, great time,  the secret is respect the woman and she shall respect u back. Definitely someone you wanna see on a regular 

Will definitely see her soon. Cant wait......


Floor: #3
Post Time: 27th August 2019, 11:11 PM
Poster ID: herb89
Post Title: 
 Belle/Belinda - Liverpool / Bass Hill - 0412 891 085
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Belle/Belinda - Liverpool / Bass Hill - 0412 891 085

Establishment : Incall (technically) 

Date of Visit : 17/08/19

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 

Phone : 0412 891 085

Hours of Business : 6pm and later

Rates : $200/hr

Age : 30s

Size/shape : Curvy but not fat

Nationality or Ethnicity : Caucasian

Services Provided : bbbj, rimming, deepthroat, CIMWS

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : It was a Saturday night and I was feeling in the mood to do something different and dangerous. I saw that another person on this forum posted good things about this lady so thought I'd shoot her a text. Although I had sent out a few different texts to different girls that night, she responded immediately and gave off a good vibe. 

I think she can host an incall, but this night we agreed to have a bit of a parkland romp (something which I haven't done in my long growing list of things I have managed to tick off). So we agreed on a meeting place and I was soon off to Liverpool. 

Once I arrived at our meeting place, Belle jumped into my car. I won't lie, I was somewhat relieved when I she hopped in - Belle is kind of attractive and has a great personality. She was easy going, cool, and was wearing a little pink g-banger like I asked her to  

We headed to her usual 'dogging' spot 5 minutes down the road. Once there, we made out for a bit which got me rock hard before she pulled me out and gave me a great BBBJ and DT. I like to be dominant and I could sense immediately that she is submissive (although she apparently only doms in her service). Needless to say, I enjoyed looking at her big ass as she was sucking and giving her a hard firm slap. There were quite a few devious things we did, not sure if those are worth mentioning, and it was something we both enjoyed. After I emptied a weeks worth in her throat, we cleaned up headed back to my car and I dropped her back to hers. All in all, a cool chick who is pretty open-minded. In fact, I already have plans for what I want to try next and she's down with it. Treat her well, and she'll treat you like a king.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 24th September 2019, 03:12 PM
Poster ID: dercdiggler
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Belinda

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 19/9/19

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://sydney.locanto.com.au/ID_338...lay-28-28.html

Phone :0412891085

Hours of Business : 7 days after 6pm

Rates : 1 hr $250

Age : 30s

Size/shape : curvy

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie / Italian

Services Provided : DFK, bbbj, rimming, fs

Value for money/recommend? : yes

My experience/comments : Contact was easy as long as it is after 6pm.
she doesnt do incalls only outcalls or outdoor sex. Organised and meet up at local car park. She said we could start in her van which is a tarago which had crap everywhere.
She is an attractive girl who aims to please. Tits natural C- D. Started in the tarago with some bbbj which was good above average, but with the limited space we needed to go outside for fs. Sex was ok but with the limited positions you can get into on a park bench without drawing attention and the constant need to check that no one is watching or coming it wasnt the most enjoyable.
Nice girl who loves sex. Would i see her again yes but would book a room in order to be more comfy


Floor: #5
Post Time: 24th September 2019, 04:39 PM
Poster ID: pashon8
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks, this sounds like something that would replicate the westleigh dogging experience.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 14th October 2019, 04:30 PM
Poster ID: Chromehound
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Belle

Establishment : private

Date of Visit : July 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :https://sydney.locanto.com.au/ID_338...lay-28-28.html

Phone : 0412 891 085

Hours of Business : mainly nights, but can request other

Rates : 200 or 250 for an hr, I don't recall

Age : looked 37 ish

Size/shape : size 12?

Nationality or Ethnicity : blonde caucasian

Services Provided : bbbj, dfk, fs

Value for money/recommend? : 

My experience/comments : 

Overall:
- Pros: One of the best service, great personality
- Cons: I wish her face and body were better, but she's not bad
- Also we fucked in a park :P 
- Don't remember if it was 200 or 250 for an hour. 

Face:
- Bright yellow, platinum blonde. Looked 37 ish. 
- I wasn't all that attracted to her, she is not bad though. I reckon back in the day she would have been quite attractive. Also at this price range for privates she's not bad. 

Body:
- Had a tad bit of a stomach so I wasn't into her bod, I guess it's the normal physique for many moms her age though lol. I'm pretty into size 6-10 bodies though nowadays, so just know that before you write her off. 
- Natural tits (c cups?)

Personality:
- She's a very cool person to talk with! It was lovely conversing with her, she's also quite empathetic. 

Service:
- Seriously one of the best BBBJs I've ever had. At the time I saw her, she gave the second best BBBJ I've experienced. 
- VERY strong grip and suction, very wet, decent speed (I reckon if I told her to faster she would have, thus giving me nothing less than the best :P)
- DFK was also quite good! She had good technique and great use of tongue. 

Other:
- She has done kegels since she was young! Hence she is very tight! She felt soooo good. 
- This is hard to explain, but her pussy feels especially good throughout the entire exchange. Many girls are tight at the beginning, but then naturally it loosens up during sex. Belle meanwhile has this beautiful 'baseline' tightness. 
- Very good riding! Great hip technique and with great DFK!


Floor: #7
Post Time: 18th October 2019, 02:18 PM
Poster ID: milkdrinker
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Based on the above reviews I decided to book Belle for an outcall.

The total cost was $250 hr and this included BBBJ, DATY, DFK, Dirty Talk, light B&D and sex. She had that kinda slutty housewife look which really turned me on and once she started the BBBJ I was in heaven. plenty of slaiva and she took it 3/4 down her throat. We did 69 position and she grinded her pussy over my face, urging me on to make her cum. Some rimming followed however it wasn't long enough for my liking. She then started some light B&D (my request) on me with some toys I supplied (handcuffs, whip, blindfold). 
She then rode me with her tight pussy and it felt great as she continued to climax at least twice judging by her facial expressions and body shaking. 

All in all a good value service for the price (7/10)

Looks: 6/10 - quite plain however gives of a slutty housewife vibe which makes her kinda sexy
Body: 6/10 - size 12, slight belly, medium size tits
BBBJ: 8/10 - very good at it, uses plenty of saliva
DATY 8/10 - Shaved - tasted nice
DFK 7/10 - loves to kiss
B&D 7/10 - she got quite into the role play
Sex: 7/10 - Cowgirl, Missionary - very tight pussy, she climaxed twice and I blew one huge load


Floor: #8
Post Time: 20th December 2019, 08:18 AM
Poster ID: Max Bedroom
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Saw Belle a couple of weeks ago. Parked where indicated and waited for her to appear. A van with a broken passenger door window appeared and I jumped in. Air con full blast kept the heat out.

We drove to a bushland location and walked a short distance along the path. Then Belle lifts her top to expose nice boobies. I played with them and we DFKd.

She dropped down and began BBBJ. Good strong mouth and tongue action. 

Then I fucked her from behind, standing there on the path.

It was a bit dodgy there and I wasn't 100% comfortable. In the end it was hot and I stopped without crossing the line. All good and not her fault.

I enjoyed the risk element took me back years to nights off William St but probably not for me again.


Floor: #9
Post Time: 4th January 2020, 10:35 PM
Poster ID: pashon8
Post Title: 
 Belle - Liverpool  0412 891 085
				
Post Content: 
erson's Name : Belle - Liverpool / Bass Hill - 0412 891 085

Establishment : Incall shared apartment

Date of Visit : Dec 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :

Phone : 0412 891 085

Hours of Business : 6pm and later

Rates : $150 30mins

Age : 30s

Size/shape : big with soft skin Size 14

Nationality or Ethnicity : Caucasian

Services Provided : bbbj, FS

Value for money/recommend? : ok

Was up for something different. Messaged Belle and was able to make a relatively quick appointment. Drove all the way to Liverpool and stood on a corner of the street when Belle came walking past. She took me up to a shared apartment and financials were sorted although I bit surprised I was not offered a shower before or after the session.

Belle has average looks with an average size 14 body and a huge rack. Very soft to hug and she has a fun, laid back personality. Her BBBJ was ok but not mind blowing. FS was actually quite good. Seem to have nice control of her pussy muscles. Only did cowgirl and managed to blow my load which is unusual and cowgirl isn't my favourite position to finish off.

I did have a nice time but wouldn't go out of my way to see her again as it is a big trek.


