Thread Title: Beth Love Outcall Sydney
Floor: #1
Post Time: 3rd August 2015, 04:55 PM
Poster ID: Bluey651
Post Title: 
 Beth Love Outcall Sydney
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Beth Love

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 28/7/2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : http://m.locanto.com.au/sydney/ID_43...u-tonight.html

Hours of Business : unknown

Rates : 250 hour + taxi

Age : late 30's

Size/shape : tall and slim. A cup titties and lovely long strawberry blond hair. Nice figure

Nationality or Ethnicity : English

Services Provided : BBBJ, FS. DATY

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : Arranged to meet Beth over the Locanto message service. She was prompt and direct with her replies. This made me feel comfortable as this was my first Outcall.

She messages me on the day of our appointment and we then organised everything by text from then on.

i was outside my accommodation when she arrived and we greeted each other and went in. Being an older gent and my first outcall I was a little nervous. No need. Beth was easy to talk to and was able to hold a conversation and make you also feel quite at ease. I was surprised at how easy it was to talk with her and how easy it was to arrange our visit.

Financials  out of the way and it was then onto the fun. Beth sidled up to me and we embraced and DFK as we felt each other's body. I then undressed her to discover a lithe and shapely figure with a cute arse and a cup breasts with lovely small nipples. Her breasts suited her body and her size. She also had a fully waxed pussy that was a lovely shape and quite receptive.

After some more fondling of each other. Beth moved down the bed and began a nice BBBJ with lots of licking and stroking of my upstanding member. A lot of attention was also given to my scrotum and shaft. I mentioned that I liked a lot of licking. It was then she knelt beside me on the bed and licked around the head and shaft again and again. Her position allowed me to access her body with ease. Which I made sure I did and paid attention to her shapely arse and pussy. This went on for about 15 minutes. This is unusual for me to last this long but she was an expert at getting you to a point and then easing up on you. It was great.

The dom was applied and we began cowgirl. She was a sight to behold and her long hair kept getting whipped up and down and kept draping over my body. We kept up the DFK and then I started to rub her clit. She went off and started to grind herself hard on my cock. After a while I asked for doggie. We swapped position and she has the most gorgeous arse and hips with a seductive slim waist. I was having a ball. We did doggie sitting up, lying down and with her legs closed and then open. We would build to the brink and then ease off. 

This went  for around 25 minutes and I could not hold off any longer. I blew into the dom and started to relax. At this point she started to fondle the meat and veg and then removed the dom in one movement. She then went to the bathroom and got a warm washer to clean me up. 

We then rested and I received some nice cuddles and a light massage. We were already over time and I mentioned this to Beth. She was in no hurry to go. She is not a clock watcher and her service is excellent. I will definitely look for a repeat visit. Once all was over I escorted her outside as she waited for a cab.

A great night with a great lady.


