Thread Title: Betty - Private - Haymarket - NSW - 0414613168
Floor: #1
Post Time: 8th November 2017, 07:51 AM
Poster ID: Baddonkey23
Post Title: 
 Betty - Private - Haymarket - NSW - 0414613168
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Betty 

Establishment : Private apartment in Haymarket 

Date of Visit : November 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0414613168 or Asian Erotic Private Massage 0414613168 Sydney CBD - Sydney escorts - cracker.com.au

Hours of Business : from 8AM

Rates : $ 100/30 mins, $ 150/45 mins, $ 180/60 mins

Age : 25

Size/shape : abit chubby, friendly face, A size

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : FS, DFK, BBBJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes.

Booked for a session in the early morning for 30 mins, booking was made via txt then phone calls for directions to the apartment in Haymarket. 

The door opens to an old lady in her PJ, she led me to the room where a youngish Chinese girl was standing in her fancy bar and white panties. Decided to stay and turned out the girl couldn't speak English, face was OK though with small tits. Asked to take a shower, good thing is that the shower was in the same room (en-suite).

Once done started hugging and feeling her up, couldn't talk to her since she doesn't understand English. 

Started on DFK, she was quite responsive while slowly feeling up her tits  and put my hands inside her panties and she then remove her bra. Her tits were small but enough to suck on. After awhile she motioned to ask if I wanted a BJ, she was about to do BBBJ but I insisted on CBJ ( it's just me). CBJ started with her sitting on the bed and I was standing. Then move to the bed where I was sitting and she kneeling. Lots of head movement, it was quite good I didn't last long and out in DOM.

Now she thought we were done and ran to the toilet washing her mouth and taking off her panties and started to shower. I followed her saying we still have time, so I shower together with her whilst playing with her pussy and tits. After shower, I asked her to go back to the bed and do some cuddling and tits sucking. I was hard again so asked for a DOM for some sex. Did her in missionary, playing with her tits and pussy (didn't want to DKF her again). She made lot of sounds, quite sexy. Then doggie style, nice ass and was quite tight but I couldn't cum the second time. 

Time was up so got into the shower for the 3rd time. The girl was still naked after her shower, she followed me to the door and open it for me which was nice and sexy.

All in all, it was a decent punt for that price in the city.


