Thread Title: Billy - Marrickville - 0448 991 222
Floor: #1
Post Time: 1st November 2010, 12:18 PM
Poster ID: morethancurious
Post Title: 
 Billy - Marrickville - 0448 991 222
				
Post Content: 
Establishment and/or person's Name: Billy

Contact Details/Address: 0448 991 222

Hours of Business: (if known or applicable): Unknown

Prices: $290/hr plus extras, $190/half hr

Age: 18 on Cracker, but I think she told me she just turned 19.

Size/shape: very slim, toned and smoking hot body - size 6, maybe large A or small B cup breasts, extremely hot legs, butt, stomach etc. 

Nationality or Ethnicity: English, here on a "working holiday"

Services: DATY, all positions, CBJ. BBBJ (no CIM) and GS were $100 extra

Value for money/recommend?: See review

My experience/comments: 

She was peroxide blonde when I saw here, very young but clearly has a bit of experience doing this. Very, very nice to look at naked, really a smoking hot body if you like slim bikini model types (I do!), totally smooth pussy, very pretty. Had a large birthmark on her inner thigh which wasn't a problem for me but might be for some perfectionists. Didn't mind me bending her over and licking her pussy and asshole - she could have done a better job washing the lube out from her last appointment, though (she wasn't dirty or unhygienic at all, but there was a lingering "lube" smell, which was slightly off putting). 

The BBBJ was fairly average, but not terrible by any means - I never understand when they don't want to suck or even lick your balls, and it makes me feel shortchanged. Does anyone else agree? Still, she was happy to take my cock in her mouth any time I felt like having it there, so that was nice.

She gave me a pretty kinky golden shower (in the bathroom), I know not everybody is into this but I really enjoyed it.

Overall, she wasn't exactly a supercharged pornstar, but was very accommodating and had a decent attitude.

Would I go back? Probably not - too many other girls I want to try and there have only ever been a couple that I'd go back to (and only one that I have actually gone back to!).

Recommend? Yes, but wouldn't pay extra for BBBJ. $400 which I paid seemed a little steep for the experience I had, but $290 without the extras would have been reasonable.

MTC


Floor: #2
Post Time: 14th February 2011, 10:26 PM
Poster ID: tongtel
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Agree with most of what 'morethancurious' has already said. Billy is a cute, petite, pocket rocket. Very slim with smooth, white skin, well-proportioned. She's obviously very young and I can confirm that she is British and does have a birth mark. At the time I saw her just before Xmas, she was a brunette.

I went there for a bodyslide/massage. When she asked me what I wanted she mentioned she offers extras. Now $80 for a bbbj is a bit steep. But being as horny as I was and not thinking clearly I said yes. I mean the thought of her sliding my cock into her young, nubile mouth - how could I resist? But the above post is right, it wasn't anything special. She was quite reluctant to do it, didn't do much with it and continued to wipe her mouth with a tissue. She obviously didn't like any bodily fluids in her mouth. She was hesistant to lick my balls too. All in all wasn't worth the extra fee. I paid for 45 mins and during that time she gave me a bodyslide mainly with her small perky breasts, bbbj and some grinding at my request. I found her to be a little monotonous and boring. Not enough variation and creativity. Didn't seem to be giving much effort or want to engage. Although she is friendly and tries to make conversation. I'd put this down to her youthfulness and inexperiece. She didn't manage to make me cum in the end which really wasn't $230 well spent. But I'm not as harsh as other people. However, it wasn't entirely her fault as I did have a particularly stressful week. I was disappointed but wouldn't discourage punters from going. If you're after full service it may be more worth it to go there and fuck that tight pussy of hers. I'm sure that'll be a better experience.

From my understanding, there are a number of girl who work for a gal named Sarah. They operate out of a place on Railway Rd which is more Sydenham than Marrickville and opposite the park. Sarah just takes the calls and bookings but I think all the girls are there at one time or another. Most of them can be found on Cracker, all with similar looking ads. Some will have different phone numbers but Sarah says she's contactable on all of them. There's quite a few girls it seems aside from Billy, Bianca, Taylor, Riley, Jasmine and Melanie and maybe a couple of others. And going by their pictures they are all quality stunners. Sarah has an eye for talent. They're young with slim, tight bodies.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 14th February 2011, 10:49 PM
Poster ID: Mr.Pelikin
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by morethancurious


- she could have done a better job washing the lube out from her last appointment, though (she wasn't dirty or unhygienic at all, but there was a lingering "lube" smell, which was slightly off putting)
"""
 


Don't you just hate that.... or how about when you come back up with pubes in your mouth.....  but she's shaved clean.....


