Thread Title: BlackDiamond - bblackdiamond1@gmail.com
Floor: #1
Post Time: 3rd July 2013, 11:21 PM
Poster ID: Dave Licker
Post Title: 
 BlackDiamond - bblackdiamond1@gmail.com
				
Post Content: 
Service Provider's Name: BlackDiamond 
Session Month: August 
Session Year: 2012 
Type of Service: Private Escort 
Service Provider's Email (if any): bblackdiamond1@gmail.com 
Advertised Hourly Rate (Pick closest): $300 
Location where session took place: New South Wales 
Incall or Outcall (Leave blank in Victoria): Outcall to your home/hotel 
Session Day: Weekend 
Session Time: Evening 
Estimated Age: 31 - 35 
Estimated Ethnic Group: Caucasian / European Origin 
Knowledge of English: Very Good 
Hair Colour: Blond 
Hair Length: Long 
Eyes Colour: Brown 
Skin Colour: Pale 
Height: Average - Around 165 cm / 5'5" 
Body Shape: Curvy 
Estimated Body Size: 10 to 12 
Estimated Breast Size: C to D (Medium to Big) 
Enhanced breasts?: No 
Pubic Hair: Neatly Trimmed 
Any Tattoos?: None 
Any Piercings?: None 
Full Sex Available: Yes 
Kind of Experience: Girlfriend Experience 
Kissing Available: Yes, DFK (Deep French Kissing) 
Blowjob: Yes, CBJ (Covered Blowjob) 
DATY / Oral On Her: Yes 
Greek or Anal Sex Available: No 
Handjob Available: Yes 
Extras Charged: No 
Doubles and Group Sex: MFF straight doubles 
Overall Looks: Attractive 
Overall Personality: Lovely 
Overall Performance: Fantastic time 


BlackDiamond is going to start working again very shortly.  My attentions are mainly on other "endeavours" now  so I think it's only fair I share this little gemstone with you guys now.  I was seeing her for several months last year, so I'll give some background and general impressions first, and then cover off one particular session.

Background and general impressions

I first met BD April last year, via PP chat.  We hit it off right away, and decided to meet quickly to address some common needs    I liked the sounds of her a lot, so I asked for a long afternoon booking, sight unseen.  Little did I know of the incredible passion, the sexual frenzy, that awaited me!  I ended up being her only client for several months, with me turning most of my playtime effort and attention to our meets.

BD is a lovely woman.  We found that we had wonderful chemistry together, and we got along very well.  Our  chattering, about everything, was constant.  Many times we'd end up talking for hours, guzzling down champagne lol, until the smouldering looks we were giving each other finally gave way to the bedroom.  

One thing that always surprised me with BD is that the closer I got, the nicer she was.  Normally, when you get up close to a person, you start to see the usual physical defects that we all possess as humans.  With BD, it's always been the opposite.  Up right next to her, you can't help but be struck by the softness of her skin, her beautiful long wavy hair, her big brown eyes and the graceful curves that always appear to be in the right places.  I've spent many an hour admiring her breasts, or grabbing her toned legs as we shagged each other silly.

Ah yes, shagging... there was lots of shagging.  We found ourselves to be very compatible in that department, and always had great fun.  BD is very giving of herself and VERY sensual.  I've always been open and giving with all my partners, and BD gave that back in spades.  The sex is totally genuine, the kissing deep and passionate, with BD very responsive to and appreciative of any effort you put in.

The only thing I never liked is BDs policy of CBJ only.  Even with a good reg such as myself, it was always CBJ.  That aside, I remember a couple times thinking she'd taken the dom off, it was so good!  I was quite surprised to see it still on when I looked down.  Very surprised.  You're never going to hear me say a CBJ is as good as a BBBJ, because that is utter bullshit lol, but BD appears to have fine-tuned the use of pressure so well that you'll be able to forgive this sin.

Trust me, it's okay.  You won't care about that once you wrap your legs around each other    This girl goes off.  More on that later.

One other technical aspect I should mention is her HJs.  I always loved how BD would often cuddle right up beside me in the morning, her hair in my face, her leg over mine, and give me a very slow, sensual lubed-up HJ.  It was always exquisite, and I remember quite clearly once coming so hard that I was flopping around, trembling, for several minutes afterwards... and THAT was after lots of great sex the night before!

She's good 

So, in summary, I guess I'd describe BD as having girl next door looks and appeal, and “sugarbabe” style sex.

August playtime

Because of how well we got on, nearly all our times together were overnighters.  One of note was last August, when I took her to a really special steak place here in Sydney.  We had a lovely meal together, conspiring on how the chef should be made a food slave as it were, before retiring to a one bedroom unit for the traditional champagne and nibbles.

I remember looking up one time during our talking, and being struck by how incredibly pretty BD can be.  I was quite taken aback by the glow in her face, the sparkle in her eyes and the broad smile.  She was very attractive at that  moment, and I simply stood up and pashed her.  That's one thing I regret – not pashing her more often than I did.  We simply talked far too much!

After several hours of this chattery – at 3am! – we look at each other and kinda decided a bit of sex would be in order!  We hopped onto the bed, sucked each others faces off haha and had close to an hour of HOT, passionate sex.  As always, I ate BD out for a long time (which she loves), getting great joy into driving her into a frenzy of rolling orgasms... her long toned legs being draped over my shoulders turning me on immensely.

I wanted to hop on and shag her, but none of that.  Roll her over, she demanded.  None of this mish.  Doggy and caterpillar was the order.  She always drove me wild in any position, but taking her from behind was always a way that really did it for me (and her too hahaha).  Like I said, the closer you got, the nicer she was, and you can't help but be turned on when shagging a vocal, thrusting women with long curly hair from behind!  HOT!  Somehow we ended up spooning each other and started shagging again.  I don't think we could ever recreate it, but we had our legs intertwined in such a way, and me holding her in such a way... well... it was just amazing sex.  Both of us were yelping about how good it felt.  To this day it remains some of the best feeling sex, with that full body contact and taking her from behind, that I've ever had.  

We passed out, exhausted.

The next morning I slowly woke BD up, well and truly ready for another round with her.  She slowly became conscious again, as I ate her out from behind and then shagged her silly, sideways, again.  BD was crawling all over the bed, panting, clearly having a reasonably good time 

That overnighter possibly still remains the best I've ever had.  The dinner was fabulous, the company and conversation delightful and meaningful, and the sex was simply animalistic.  I'd highly recommend her to any guy that likes the idea of honest conversation and good, wholesome sex with a down-to-Earth woman that isn't afraid to let herself go and have fun with you!  

Please treat her well – there's a reason I kept her to myself for so long.  Under-the-radar WGs like this are gems.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 4th July 2013, 12:27 PM
Poster ID: WOTAN01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Dave nice report and I gather this is the same report you posted on PP where you stated it was August 2012 when you visited her. Do you have any idea when she is recommencing work?

It is always good form to acknowlege you have posted on other site too.

Regards,
Wotan 010


Floor: #3
Post Time: 4th July 2013, 01:44 PM
Poster ID: Dave Licker
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks :-)  Correct, August 2012 was last visit, as stated above.

She'll be restarting work in about 2-3 weeks.

It's very rare you'll see me post any new reviews on PP nowadays... in fact, I'm going to be making AXR my main forum :-)  I'll be cross-posting my reviews and useful intel from PP and another under-the-radar forum over here, to build up my presence on AXR, and to bring information to guys that may not have seen it at the other places.  I've gotten some good leads here, so am happy to give back best I can :-)


