Thread Title: Bongo Queen aka the notorious "Cum Queen" - Paddington - 0498 285 056
Floor: #1
Post Time: 5th February 2018, 12:00 PM
Poster ID: joker2750
Post Title: 
 Bongo Queen aka the notorious "Cum Queen" - Paddington - 0498 285 056
				
Post Content: 
Name: Bongo Queen / Angel

 Location: Paddington/Woollahra NSW Hotel on Queen Street

 Contact: 0408 934 473 call/sms  (Sydney ad has been removed)

 Date: February 2018

 Age: 40+, Aussie

 Size: 10/12, enhanced DD/F cups

 Services: CBJ, BBBJ, CIM, Swallow, FS, BBFS, Spanish, Photos 

 Price: $50 for CBJ, then $50 increases for BBBJ/FS etc

Summary:  Did the job, strangely satisfying, nice enough person.

Hi all, its been a long while between punts so I'm happy to be able to contribute to the reviews again.

Found myself in the eastern suburbs of Sydney recently with a half hour to spare, so jumped onto Cracker and found an ad titled "Angel is sucking cock in Woollahra"  (ad is already removed).  Clicked onto the ad and instantly recognised the pictures (from other posts) as the Bongo Bus Queen/Cum Queen.  Thought to myself, why not? so texted the number and received a reply 10 minutes later saying that she was available.

About 15 minutes later, found myself at her hotel room in a boutique hotel on Queen Street that has accommodation to the side of the hotel where you access the rooms from a small carpark, so it was reasonably discrete.  The room itself was quite small with a bed and wardrobe with mirror (which was against the bed, not the wall) and ensuite.

Photo's are definitely her and she whilst I think she may be closer to 50 than 40, I thought she had a reasonably nice body and face and was dressed in a simple tight fitting dress that showed off her curvy figure and generous boobs.

Before anything happened and even before she asked what I wanted, she asked me to drop my jeans/undies and lift up my shirt.  I naturally asked why and she said so she can check that I wasn't a cop ???  I thought that it was a bit out of the norm, but didn't have any real issue with it, so I did what she asked.  She said thanks for my understanding and then asked how much I wanted to pay...not what I wanted...but how much I wanted to pay.  I didn't want to get into that for fear of offending her or equally paying too much, so I asked her just to tell me.

She said that CBJ was $50, BBBJ with CIMWS was $100 and full service was $150.  I felt like BBBJ but paid the $150 in case I changed my mind and the price was OK with me, even if I didn't do FS and gave her the money.

In no time I'm on the bed and true to other reviews, she starts with an eager BJ with plenty of slurping and gagging and after a few minutes she stops and asks if she could take a photo of my cock in her mouth. Sure, why not, but no body or face.  Quick pause by her for the photo and straight back into it.  She asked if I want to put it inside her and despite previously thinking that I only wanted a BJ, I changed my mind and went for it.  She then said that she loves bareback and asked if I wanted to do it that way for no extra.  Thanks but no thanks, so dom up and do her mish, then doggy with her seeming to be quite into it constantly pushing back.  

After a few minutes more, I blow in the bag and she quickly turns around, pulls off the dom and starts with the same type BJ getting every last drop.  Quick clean up with some baby wipes and anti-bacterial hand wash, but before I get dressed she asks if I could take a couple of photos of her with her phone (the same type that are in her ads).  So I take a couple of pics, get dressed then leave.  

All up, I thought it was OK although it did seem a little scripted and seemed like she was in a bit of a hurry, she was polite and accommodating so it was still OK for me and despite my next comment below, I'd probably see her again if she was close by.

Only thing was, that in the back of my head, I was wondering where her husband might be or if he'd show up.  Then I wondered if he was the 'pet dog' in the bathroom or maybe even be behind the wardrobe?


Floor: #2
Post Time: 5th February 2018, 04:32 PM
Poster ID: nextlif
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks Joker. Thread moved as requested. Please note you are required to use the AXR template when posting a review. See  below for how to access it.



Attachment 7730


Floor: #3
Post Time: 5th February 2018, 09:26 PM
Poster ID: Gavin
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
She has a current ad on Locanto 
https://m.locanto.com.au/sydney/ID_2...king-Cock.html 

She also has a tattoo just above her snatch
Any idea what it says?


Floor: #4
Post Time: 5th February 2018, 09:59 PM
Poster ID: Waldo
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
My husbands whore, I think you’ll find.

W

What a lovely tramp stamp.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 5th February 2018, 09:59 PM
Poster ID: Lustvader
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by Gavin


She also has a tattoo just above her snatch
Any idea what it says
"""



'Abandon hope all ye who enter here'?


