Thread Title: Brazilian Samba arse and thighs with boobs to match - 0475 399 250
Floor: #1
Post Time: 8th January 2017, 01:11 PM
Poster ID: Jsomeone
Post Title: 
 Brazilian Samba arse and thighs with boobs to match - 0475 399 250
				
Post Content: 
Brazilian Samba arse and thighs with boobs to match



I decided to take a break form the blurr of Asian Angels at Ginza that is my usual diet (though sadly too infrequent these days) and splashed out on something exotic. So I went Brazilian.
Advert at the end

$400 for 1hr plus $100 for BBBJ, the $100 wasn't an extra I didn't expect though I didn't ask.

Fake tits ( I think) but well done.

situated in a motel near Hyde park

Oh that arse and those thighs, skin is darker than her photos which added to the exotic experience.

She is Mulatto black plus south American Indian

Met me at the door in sexy lingerie

After a shower started with a oil massage. The towel was probably used by a prior customer and there was no cover on the bed.

The massage was brief a nice mix of firm and sensual.

Then straight to a BBBJ plenty of suction but very little tongue work

Turned around for a 69 and sat on my face arsehole to my mouth, a very clean arsehole but all the same an arshole. she resisted me getting to her clit.

Then she hoped on top lying a little diagonally across me so she could turn and face me and tongue kiss, that arse and those thighs went to town pumping. Then doggy, She has he arse for doggy a jiggly mass of dark chocolate flesh, (she does offer anal.)

Finished in mish, beautiful

Hoped in the shower and when I got out she started straight into round two. A little too early for me  mixture of oral and hand job, again plenty of suction but not much variation. I am a bit long in the tooth for a quick turn around she gave up after about 10mins and then assume dogy masturbating her self and imploring me to lick he arshole. not really my cup of tea. With some self stimulation I got hard again but she either ignored my 'condom' or didn't hear it, she rolled over and spread her legs and her lips revealing a pink clit,  I put my tongue to it and with some effort she came. It was quite a site to behold her strong body in the throws of orgasm, I blew and caught most in my other hand though a little hit the bed.

Sweet Fun girl available for a double black Brazilian.

A very pleasant change from my Asian diet and while I have absolutely no regrets I will return to my Asian diet




??????????1h 400 beautiful sexy hot Brazilian girl ?? party?? party today in central city now??????????????? - Sydney escorts - backpage.com.au


My name is Maya , I am an Elite Escort chocolate model from Brasil, am the invigorating burst of fresh sexy energy that your body and spirit have been yearning for...
Sexy, Fun, Curvy, Exotic
Passionante, and sensual, I'm a lady with many talents!
I respect your discretion and pride myself in being an upscale companion who provides an exceptional VIP service. I can be the casual girl next door, sexy and sophisticated or your luxurious playmate. I bring enthusiasm and immense pleasure far beyond your wildest expectations.❤️❤️❤️

Age: 24
Height: 166cm
Body Size: Athletic
Bust: D Cup
Hair: Caramel
Eyes: Brown


