Thread Title: Brooke Michaels -  Sydney CBD - 0458 816 655
Floor: #1
Post Time: 4th August 2015, 05:07 PM
Poster ID: Lizard
Post Title: 
 Brooke Michaels -  Sydney CBD - 0458 816 655
				
Post Content: 
Person name: Brooke Michaels

Date of visit: 10/2/2015

Contact details: Brooke Michaels Private Sydney Escort

Hours of business: Contact Brooke

Rate: $650hr

Age: 30's

Size:8-10

Nationality: Eastern European

Service provided: Full service, PSE

Valued for money: Yes, amazing time

My experience comment:
I caught up with Brooke earlier this year when she was in Perth. Her Geek & Gym photos caught my attention and I thought "why not?"

The 2 hour booking was easily arranged by txt for a weekday booking in a Perth CBD hotel. As I got close to the hotel I realised that I had forgotten the cash to pay Brooke!!!! I turned around and power walked back to my car where the cash was, got it and started back. As I got the opportunity I texted Brooke to let her know I would be a couple of minutes late. By the time I got to the hotel lobby and texted that I was there I was only a couple of minutes late. Brooke sent me her room details and up I went. Brooke answered the door in a clingy micro-dress, Stilettos and a watch. She was genuinly gorgeous, much to my relief.

We had a bit of a joke about the forgotten cash and before I knew it we were on the couch exploring one another's tonsil with our tongues. She then said, "before we get too passionate you have to go and have a shower". Not argument here, and before I knew it I was back and Brooke's lips were wrapped around my cock. To say that her lips and tongue know their way around a penis is a significant under statement. After  a period of this I could take no more, so I switched positions, got that dress off her (no underwear, she seems to have an aversion to it) and got my tongue into her luscious pussy. The sofa was pretty uncomfortable and Brooke suggested we go to the bedroom...Why would you say no! I guess we did all the usual stuff, her sucking me, me licking her, her riding my cock, etc .When I was doing her doggy style I noticed that she has a dimple in her butt crack above her anus. I mentioned that I noticed this and we had a joke about it. If you want to know what she calls it you will need to ask her herself.

After I came we chatted about stuff in general for a while. Then she jumped up and ran out of the room to adjust the finicky hotel air-conditioning. The view as she ran out was great, the view as she ran back in was superb. She then got me going again with another BBBJ. If you can stay soft with those lips around your cock there is something wrong. As she rode me this rime I really got to appreciate her magnificent, natural bouncy boobs :-) Once I had gone again we laid on the bed chatting.

I need to point out that I need to connect psychosocially with an  escort to get the most out of it and Brooke is as articulate and educated as she is sexy. We were chatting about this and that and suddenly she jumped up because we were 25 minutes over and she had another booking shortly. I jumped up and got into the shower. From the shower I could watch  a still naked Brooke run around stripping the bed and putting clean sheets on it. Oh crap, now I'm hard again and there is no time to do anything about it! So I'm dressed, Brooke is still naked and it's time to go. A quick caress, kiss and I go.

Brooke is genuinly lovely. What she does not know about BBBJs is not worth knowing. The only thing that I found a bit off putting was that she "climaxes" quickly when you are licking her pussy and I would have liked to spend more uninterrupted time orally worshipping that pussy.

I just noticed that Brooke is offering doubles with Honey Adams and I'm I will be in Sydney in a couple of weeks on business. I know one appoint that I will  be making and keeping.


