Thread Title: Bruna Dourado - Sydney Haymarket - 0420 490 884
Floor: #1
Post Time: 7th April 2016, 08:56 PM
Poster ID: bigdickmalone
Post Title: 
 Bruna Dourado - Sydney Haymarket - 0420 490 884
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Bruna Dourado


Establishment : Private


Date of Visit : April 2016


Contact Details/Address/Weblink : ????????Bruna Dourado BRAZILIAN So Sexy and Pretty??? 200 SPECIAL!!!???????? - Sydney escorts - backpage.com
0420490884

Hours of Business : Days & Evenings 10 am til late.


Rates : $200 half hour. $300 hour


Age : Mid 20s


Size/shape : Curvy 


Nationality or Ethnicity : Brazilian 


Services Provided : FS, CBJ


Value for money/recommend? : Ok


My experience/comments : I had seen her ads on BP and Cracker and for a Brazilian she has some decent prices. Most Brazilians charge the $500+ plus mark and I don't think its worth it. I texted her in the afternoon and she was quick to respond. We set up a time to meet in the evening after work for half hour. 
Got to her place which is next to Central. Texted her I was outside and she provided me with the room number and then buzzed me up. 

I knocked on her door and it opened, with no one to be seen. She was behind it dressed in some nice pink lingerie. She is hot, her pics are true and she does have some big breast and butt. Nice. We exchange finances and I proceed to have a shower. Its a nice apartment, well kept and tidy with some hip hop music playing (nice, its just my style). She tells me it belongs to another Brazilian girl.

After the shower she is waiting for and damn she is hot. She gets to rubbing her toned body on mine. Man, this is good. After some nice dance moves. We move to the bed where she puts on a dom and stats sucking. Even thought its a CBJ its really nice. She knows how to work it. After a few minutes I get her to ride me. One thing is that she has had a boob job, so for all you natural peeps need not apply. Her nipples are very sensitive so no hard sucking. After a few minutes of riding, I get her in missionary then finish off.

She doesn't speak a lot of English so communication is very hard. So no chatting. We proceed to round two. Same thing, CBJ, then cowgirl, then doggy. I get to see her ass in all its glory. Its a really nice ass. So hitting it from the back is a treat.
As I'm about to finish a timer goes off and throws me off my stroke game. Kinda of distracting. Still I finish off.

The whole experience was good but felt very rushed. I've had 30 mins punts before but this felt like it was 15 mins long. Time went by quick. 

Final thoughts. She is a nice punt, if I was to see her again I would do a 1hr session as I feel you'd get the best out of her.

Cheers,

Big D


