Thread Title: Busty Lusty Glamazon - Sydney - biancathespanker@hotmail.com
Floor: #1
Post Time: 22nd July 2012, 05:45 PM
Poster ID: Solution
Post Title: 
 Busty Lusty Glamazon - Sydney - biancathespanker@hotmail.com
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Busty Lusty Glamazon (BLG)

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : June 2012

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : biancathespanker@hotmail.com

Hours of Business :  not sure, but I say she is flexible with notice

Rates : $600 for 2 hours

Age : 40's

Size/shape : Tall and fit sexy woman with an all over tan.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Caucasian Australian

Services Provided : FS, GFE with a little PSE, DFK, DATY, COB, BBBJ , MSOG, GREEK --- not much I think she wouldn't do...?

Value for money/recommend? : I had an extremely enjoyable time with BLG. She's a gem!

My experience/comments : 

BLG arrived at my place on time. She waltzed in when I opened the door and I was at ease and comfortable from the moment she walked in. The experience was really like catching up with an old girlfriend. Within minutes of her entering the bedroom she was gracefully disrobing whilst at the same time helping herself to my crotch. Pants around my ankles on the edge of the bed she devoured my cock...

Fuck she was terrific. Her body is built for fucking. She is a lovely long legged tanned gazelle with a beautiful ample round butt that is a treat to fuck... It was a luxury being spoilt for choice between her delicious mouth, tight wet yummy pussy and super tight delightful ass.... This experience was one of the best 2 hours ever spent. The DFK was intense fun and satisfying and her company in general was very welcome. BLG is interesting to talk to and entertaining in more ways than one. She encouraged the notion of taking some photos and video during the experience but I was enjoying myself way too much to add the distraction of photography or filming.

I would recommend her to anyone that wants a wild genuine MILF experience with no holes barred intense fucking. I regret not booking her overnight.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 24th July 2012, 09:14 AM
Poster ID: xxtasy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hey mate ... where did u find her ad ... can't find her on cracker


Floor: #3
Post Time: 24th July 2012, 03:18 PM
Poster ID: Bob64
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Well done mate

I had an hours fun with this lady about 18months ago
As you said, not much she will not do
make sure you take your vitamins before hand


Floor: #4
Post Time: 24th July 2012, 10:59 PM
Poster ID: Mr Crash and Burn
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I have been stewing it over, but couldnt work out what MSOG stands for. 

A few a came up with were "Mild Swig Of Grog", "Me Suck On Guts", "Mainly Swallow Or Gargle".

BTW I really loved the review.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 24th July 2012, 11:57 PM
Poster ID: zgmfx42s
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
MSOG means "Multiple Shots on Goal" or in simpler terms, cum as many times as you want or have sex multiple times in one booking :P


Floor: #6
Post Time: 25th July 2012, 09:54 AM
Poster ID: Mr Crash and Burn
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
ROFL...i love it


Floor: #7
Post Time: 25th July 2012, 02:20 PM
Poster ID: l2nv
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I was under the impression that this beautiful woman had retired...glad to here she is back. I look forward to arranging a visit to her in the near future.


