Thread Title: Cameron Taylor - Sydney (CBD) - 0449 778 376
Floor: #1
Post Time: 7th February 2011, 09:29 AM
Poster ID: adultlover
Post Title: 
 Cameron Taylor - Sydney (CBD) - 0449 778 376
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Cameron Taylor

Establishment (if applicable):

Contact Details/Address:0449778376 


Hours of Business: (if known or applicable)

Prices: $350/hr

Age: mid 20s

Size/shape:6to8

Nationality or Ethnicity:Australian

Services: GFE

Value for money/recommend?: YES

My experience/comments
hi all
i made a booking with cameron last week which proved to be quite easy, she was staying in the city in serviced apartments that you had to pass by a manned reception desk which can be daunting. She made it easy though by getting me to text when i was donwstairs and she directed me towards the lift which she was wating in, very easy.
i was pleasently suprised at how fresh and beautifull she was, not a model but certainly the type of girl you see in a bar anbd try to bring back home with you!

We started with DFK which quickyl progressed into jumpiong onot the bed to adron her stunning body, her breasts defy gravity!!!!

we got onot some DATY and she was exceptionally clean, as it built up she had a beautifull flow of juices and she managed to orgasm on my tongue which was unbelievable.

She quickyl flipped me over for some mind blowing BBBJ which she teased me on bringing me to the brink and back. she finally took me to the place of no return and she did what ive never experinced before, part cim part not as i was blowing she would likch the head of my shaft which was excillerating and as my cum would fly everywhere she tried to make sure whed catch some in her mouth, gents unbeleivable.

As it became meesy i quickly showered and though i better head off (most w/l usually get dressed so you gte the idea to leave) and to my suprise i went back into the room and she was lying there naked in all her beauty and tried to convince me to go for more, and in my stupidity i didnt stay (Had to get back to office).

Suffice to say i will definetely be back

awesome girl


Floor: #2
Post Time: 13th December 2011, 06:56 AM
Poster ID: Bear in the air
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Wow....such a wonderful review and I've seen the photos over at cracker.  I can't believe there hasn't been anyone else replying in this thread in 10 months.  Has anyone else had similar or different experiences with Cameron.  I guess I'm looking for confirmation that this review is indeed still accurate.  Thanks.

Tommy


Floor: #3
Post Time: 15th December 2011, 12:11 AM
Poster ID: bowser
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I was a regular of Cameron/Claudia for about 3 years. Same as most WL's, at first she was awesome, real GFE meets PSE with no added extra for Greek and COF. From memory $250 an hour which was outstanding. She really got into the sessions, having multiple orgasms and we would always have a chat afterwards about life in general.

But I've found over the past 12 months, we've caught up probably 5 times and she's been really inconsistent. The sex is clinical, Greek is usually off the menu and the sessions seem rushed. 

She's a good looking girl who can be a lot of fun. Just don't build your hopes up, YMMV.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 15th December 2011, 06:22 AM
Poster ID: Bear in the air
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
The original message indicated she did BBBJ and even "partial" CIM.   Is that still true?
Thanks for the reply.

Tommy


Floor: #5
Post Time: 15th December 2011, 12:49 PM
Poster ID: bowser
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I once asked Cameron for CIM, no was the answer: "But you can cum on my face". That was enough for me, I whipped out my dick and finished on her face 

Looks like a girl next door type but she's surprisingly kinky. If you have any fantasies just ask it doesn't embarrass her.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 5th May 2012, 08:52 AM
Poster ID: Bear in the air
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Establishment : Hotel about 15 minute walk from Central station.  If coming by train leave yourself plenty of time to walk.  On a map it might actually be closer to Museum station.   Very nice and tidy room.

Date of Visit: May 2012

Rates: $200/30  $270/45   $370/60  (see add on cracker.  She's the only Cameron in NSW so it's an easy search) 

Age: I'm guessing under 25 

Size/shape: Tall.  With her heels on she'd have been about 6 foot, without just a tad under.   I thought she looked more slender then her photos (again see cracker for 5 photos), but upon inpsection maybe they are about right.   The photos don't show her face at all.   I can only describe it as a "doll face".    I don't thinks she smokes as I neither saw, smelled or tasted any evidence.

Nationality or Ethnicity: seems Aussie

Services Provided: BBBJ, FS, DATY, DFK...not sure what else, that's what I got in 30 mins.

Value for money/recommend?: Heck yes!

Will I see her again? – absolutely.

My experience/comments:   She had to change the time of my appointment but kept in contact via SMS messages so it all worked out well.   She was very considerate in that regards.   She was on time and prepared.   She loves kissing, including DFK.  She loves sensitive touching both giving and receiving, she walked her fingers up and down my back giving me goosebumps.  After a few minutes she undressed me, and we laid on the bed.   After another few mins of kissing, she went into the BBBJ and straddled my face so I could DATY.   Quite a few mins later and on with dom for some reverse cowgirl.  That was her first choice.   I then asked for mish and she accomodated, and finally ended with doggy.

She is a very gentle, sweet person.  She was very considerate of my appointment time and she didn't worry too much about the time.  From start to finish I was there over 40 minutes.    

I will be back!

Tommy T


Floor: #7
Post Time: 14th June 2012, 02:17 PM
Poster ID: p0rnstar
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Cameron Taylor - Sydney - 0449 778 376 

Works out of a serviced apartment in Haymarket area. Blonde, tall, curvy size 10, with enhanced bust, pretty face.

Was polite and professional. Very affectionate, with plenty of DFK. Great BBBJ, started slow and gradually moved faster which was very sexy. Sex in various positions was good, and she was responsive. Great GFE, and was very easy to talk to. 

Paid $200 for half hour. Would definitely see her again.


Floor: #8
Post Time: 14th June 2012, 03:39 PM
Poster ID: Bob64
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
She sounds like a star and worth a visit


