Thread Title: Candy. Cute Thai - Bathurst, - 0435 820 310
Floor: #1
Post Time: 21st April 2016, 11:57 PM
Poster ID: Bluey651
Post Title: 
 Candy. Cute Thai - Bathurst, - 0435 820 310
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Candy

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 

Hours of Business : Unsure

Rates : $120 hour massage and HE or $200 hour FS. I went $180 hour massage and FS

Age : 34

Size/shape : Size 10 and nice  C to D cup

Nationality or Ethnicity : Brazilian

Services Provided :


Floor: #2
Post Time: 22nd April 2016, 12:46 AM
Poster ID: Bluey651
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Candy

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 19/4/16

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : CANDY
NEW IN TOWN
Thai size 7
Sexy busty, friendly,
good service, best massage
Call 0435-820-310

21/04/2016 .- .X - ADULT SERVICES

Hours of Business : Unsure

Rates : $120 hour massage and HE or $200 hour FS. I went $180 hour massage and FS

Age : 34

Size/shape : Size 10 and nice C to D cup

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai but she said she is from Loas

Services Provided :CBJ,DFK,DATY,FS, Massage

Experience: I was going to be in Bathurst and I noticed Candy's ad. I rang and she sounded very nice on the phone. I rang later and made an appointment to visit. Candy gave me the address and told me to call when I arrived. I rolled up and rang. She gave me the unit block number and she met me downstairs. 

Candy was wearing a light top and shorts and looked gorgeous. She has smooth caramel skin, lovely looking breasts,long flowing brown hair and a beautiful face. She is fully figured and not thin. In that sexy way. I am a lucky barstard. She led me upstairs and to her room. I took a shower and went back in. Candy came back in wearing a towell. I lay on the bed and she lay on top of me. She then proceeded to give me a very good massage and some delightful body slides. 

This went for twenty minutes and I enquirered about FS. She said she was glad I asked as she wanted things to go further with me. The next 50 minutes were fantastic. We lay together and cuddled and kissed. This progressed to exploring each others body's and DFK. I was nibbling her everywhere. Holding and sucking her fantastic breasts and nipples was amazing.

I then began to rub her clit and she was enjoying this. Whilst doig this I also started to finger her with one, and then later, two fingers. All the while kissing and nibbling and looking at each other. She was wiggling and moaning and kept reaching and fondling my cock. Candy then grabbed a condom and commenced a very good CBJ. Lots of bobbing up and down with some DT. Interspersed with licking and flicking her tongue on the end. 

I had to stop her, so I lay her down and started to DATY. At the same time I was fingering her tight pussy. After a while she curled up and her pussy spasmed as she moaned in the way we all like. After this she looked me in the eyes and said. I want you inside me. I pushed minnie me in and she raised her legs up in the air to allow me to go slow and deep. She then placed her ankles around my ears and kept telling me. Do it like that. Keep doing that to,me. Suffice to say I did. I continued in side saddle and got to play with her sexy arse. We went doggie and Mish. All the time slow and deep. After about 20 minutes I could not hold on any longer. I went harder and came very hard. After this, Candy grabbed me and kept pulling me in. Her pussy kept spasming and she would not let go. Eventually she let me go and we lay together in post coital bliss. Candy kept thanking me and said she was happy to have a nice man visit her. She enjoys herself more when she feels comfortable.

We cuddled and chatted a little. Candy lives in Sydney and does this line of work part time on an out of Sydney basis. I mentioned I go to Sydney for work quite regularly. Candy said she does not do this work in Sydney but asked if I would like her to visit me if I am there. She gave me her private number ( not the one listed above) and I gave her my punting phone number. The alarm bells did not ring this time. She does not seem to be looking for a husband and we , genuinely, had a nice time together.

I showered and we said our goodbyes. Candy will be in Bathurst until Sunday. Candy is not a clock watcher and is a friendly and beautiful lady.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 24th April 2016, 10:56 PM
Poster ID: Westie
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Candy

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 23/4/16

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0435 820 310

Hours of Business : Till 9pm

Rates : $100 for 30 mins

Age : 34

Size/shape : Size 8, C cup

Nationality or Ethnicity : Lao

Services Offered: CBJ, CFS, massage


Encouraged by Bluey's positive review, sent a text to the number enquiring about availability and address.  Wouldn't give details by text but over the phone directed to me to a block of flats in an out of the way part of town - pretty down in the mouth area, but no doubt the rental is cheap.  I reckon it could be Sin City at night, though & certainly not a place where a young lady should walk around after dark. Was actually surprised that inside the unit was quite nice, despite its surroundings, and Candy led me through to the back bedroom and financials were completed.  Quite an attractive lady, hair dyed a lighter colour than the natural black, taut body - though small arse, which I don't prefer unless in proportion with everything else.  I wouldn't describe her as a fuller figure, average build for an Asian girl.  Reluctant to tell me what part of Laos she was from - just said "big city", and agreed when I suggested Vientiane.  Could be Thai though and trying to sound more exotic - lovely caramel skin colour, so seemed a bit different to other Thai's I've experienced if that is indeed the case.

Laid down and let me DATY freely, seemed to enjoy it while I slipped a finger in at the same time, before saying "I want to suck your cock".  Not one to ever have to be asked twice, I suggested 69 - which was readily agreed to.  Quite good technique, and somehow got a dom on me without me even knowing.  When I indicated I was close - rotated and rode me CG style, and I didn't last long after a bit of spirited grinding in that position.  Felt quite tight.

Finished with a nice leg and foot massage - berated me for not being fully relaxed, to which I replied that I wasn't used to getting massages at home.  She didn't understand at all why that might be the case, and suggested that I should ask she who must be obeyed for a massage next time.  Most Asian girls are very service oriented towards their man & just don't conceive that Aussie women would turn off the sex completely after the ring goes on the finger.   

All in all a positive experience, even though I didn't feel much of a connection beyond the physical interaction.


