Thread Title: Carla - Sydney CBD - 0418 788 879
Floor: #1
Post Time: 18th July 2012, 08:00 PM
Poster ID: reggid
Post Title: 
 Carla - Sydney CBD - 0418 788 879
				
Post Content: 
Establishment and/or person's Name:  Carla

CARLA - WHAT DREAMS ARE MADE OF : ONLY $250 - Sydney | Escort / adult | Erotic | Cracker

Contact Details/Address:  City Apartment Incall

Prices: $300/45 taken (250/30 and 350/60 etc etc available)

Age: early 20's

Phone: 0418788879

Size/shape: Medium/curvy but far from fat

Nationality or Ethnicity: Thai

Services: FS CBJ, DATY/69

Value for money/recommend ? 50/50 l enjoyed DATY and sex so may return, reason against a bit too shy, giggly and inexperienced really. Far from the worst punt i've had

Saw some nice pics on cracker and thought I'd take a punt on this one. I usually only send SMS's so sometimes i don't get reply's from WG if they don't like to operate this way. I got a prompt reply asked about extras and natural oral was extra $50. i didn't take this i feel it should be included, CIM was not available.

 Got directions but parking was difficult unless you want to pay a fair bit at one the stations. I arrived on time the next day and was met my a cute girl who is very shy. I confirmed that she is Thai and the accent confirmed this as well. Her English is quite limited so chit chat was possible but difficult. Handed over the money and i asked to take a quick shower. Despite the room being good the shower facility was quite poor really very cramped and definite not room for two.

When i had finished my shower i entered the bedroom where she was waiting. Due to her shyness she wanted the lights extremely dimmed but i protested but not for long enough to make an issue. I slowly unstressed her while i sat on the end of the bed and she stood before me revealing a very nice body with perfect smooth tanned skin. The pics are 100% real and the breasts are magnificent with perfect proportions and lovely dark arealoe nice some very suckable nipples. Kissing was almost non existent with light pecks on the lips only. I instigated a CBJ which was fairly good and good better when i asked her to get into 69 and then things started going well. A lovely sweet clean pussy and i asked for her to lie on her back to give her lil sis some special attention. Got good response from and she begged for me to fuck her and this was just what i wanted as the attention i gave her made her clamp on my cock and pull me in hard when i finally did enter. I am pretty simple person and missionary is all i need so i just pumped away until i couldn't hold it in anymore.

She was abit too shy and inexperienced but would probably get a lot better with subsequent visits


Floor: #2
Post Time: 19th July 2012, 11:19 AM
Poster ID: Nachojones
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Establishment and/or person's Name: Carla
Contact Details/Address: City apartment

Prices: $250 30 mins

Age: 20-25

Phone: 041878879

Size/shape: curvy

Nationality or Ethnicity: thai

Services: FS CBJ DATY 69

Value for money/recommend ?Not Really


My experience: Had a fetish for a thai girl today and looked up cracker and saw this beauty, loved the pictures so I gave a call and made an appointment. Upon arrival she is very cute but her English was poor making it hard to converse. Took a shower and soon met her on her bed. She is pretty shy and not very experienced. She does not kiss even though i tried but this was very limited. Her blow job was good and she tasted very good during DATY.  Sex was just standard and not very exciting. 
$250 for an asian girl seemed too much, she does not kiss nor does BBBJ or CIM. wouldn't recommend her.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 19th July 2012, 09:03 PM
Poster ID: BadAussieBoy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Copy and paste of her ad:





			
				Hi Guys 

My name is Carla and I am a hot Asian girl from the land of smiles Thailand I have a toned size 8 body with DD Cup breasts, golden skin and I am just the girl you need. My appearance will initially captivate you, my personality will excite you, and my elegant yet playful demeanour will keep you wanting more. Every second you spend with me, will be time you will never forget.

My intense and captivating eyes will have you spellbound. My apperance, large delicious breasts and my soft passionate touch will have you awestruck. So, if you are ready for the most astonishing experience of your life, don't have another night of just dreams, I will make that fantasy a reality.

I am based in a discrete unit only a few minutes from Town Hall, perfect for a quick lunchtime visit or on the way home from a long day at the office. YES MY PHOTOS ARE 100% REAL NO FAKE PHOTOS HERE

Don't hesitate, call now and have her come over for that amazing time you've been waiting for!

Your fantasy awaits: 

Carla 

My Rates Are: 

Incall 
30 minutes $250 
60 minutes $350 

Outcall 
60 minutes $400 

My Services include 

Passionate GFE 
Exciting PSE 
Sensual Massage 
Shower together 
Dress up and role play 
Golden Shower ($50 extra) 
Rimming ($50 extra)


