Thread Title: Carla Pryce -Private - 0431 510 502 - Sydney
Floor: #1
Post Time: 10th January 2018, 05:20 PM
Poster ID: playpen
Post Title: 
 Carla Pryce -Private - 0431 510 502 - Sydney
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Carla Pryce

Establishment : Independent

Date of Visit : December 2017 

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://scarletblue.com.au/escort/carla-pryce

Hours of Business : depending on travel schedule

Rates : from $350 p/h

Age : 23

Size/shape : Athletic size 6

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : GFE / PSE / Extras 

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : Was in Sydney and happened to see Carla posting to Twitter that she had arrived that day. On a chance I sent a message and had a response back within the hour confirming the timing was good. I had seen Carla on Twitter before and followed her international porn adventure. She got signed to do a couple of scenes in the UK. The excitement of seeing a real life current porn actress had me pretty distracted the rest of the day. 

Communication was easy and she directed me to her hotel in the city easily enough. Having this spectacular little pocket rocket greeting me at the door was something I'll remember for a while. She is stunning and her body is something else. We chatted for a bit as I was keen to hear about her adventures since I had been a fan for a while and then off to the shower.

She is full of energy and was keen to get straight into things so she pretty much threw me on the bed and started with a light massage then moved quickly to oral. I don't think either of us were keen to stay there long and we ended up promptly standing in front of the mirror with me banging her from behind - that was a highlight. Also had her on the edge of the bed sitting up facing me which was also great and was loving every minute of it. 

She is certainly a performer and talked us through the whole thing which I actually enjoyed, it felt a bit like being on a porn set (I guess). It may not be to everyone's taste but I would certainly go back.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 10th January 2018, 10:41 PM
Poster ID: djam71
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Wow a real porn star! 

Ever bit as good as you imagined?


