Thread Title: Carmen - St  Leonards - 0477 888 585
Floor: #1
Post Time: 3rd October 2019, 10:56 PM
Poster ID: kristoft
Post Title: 
 Carmen - St  Leonards - 0477 888 585
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Carmen

Establishment : Private Apartment

Date of Visit : 3.09.2019

Contactetails/Address/Weblink:: https://escortsandbabes.com.au/Profi...ent/Carmen-AU/

Phone : 0477888585

Hours of Business : Morning to midnight mostly

Rates : 300 p/h

Age : Late 20s or early 30s

Size/shape : Chubby

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : FS etc.

Value for money/recommend? : 50/50 YMMV... for the price will come back but not a first preference. Very nice and sweet personality which is always a plus with me!

My experience/comments :Was feeling a bit randy and had to get 5 days backed up from unintentional abstinence. So headed to whoever responded, end up with Carmen from St Leonards. Apartment is near the Tavern with plenty of street parking.

Got to the room and expected another fake... to  my surprise she was the real deal in terms of person in the picture however she has put on a bit of weight since the photos and its noticeable for those who are after slim girls this may not be for you. 

Was fine with me and after exchange she gave a nice light cat bath ending up with my cock in her mouth. Definitely a porn star type style which is not my thing on most days but something about it sent my mind in all directions. On with the dom after 10min and had my way in doggy style which she seemed to love but hey who knows. My stamina is not that great so finished off quite early blowing my load. 

Small standard chit chat, cleaned up and off i went back to work to get slammed!

Enjoy guys!


Floor: #2
Post Time: 1st June 2020, 03:50 PM
Poster ID: josh.cubatica
Post Title: 
 Carmen - St.Leonards, NSW - 0477 888 585
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Carmen

Establishment : private

Date of Visit : 20th May 2020

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :  https://www.escortsandbabes.com.au/P...ent/Carmen-AU/

Phone : 0477 888 585

Hours of Business : 24/7

Rates : $200 (30 mins)

Age : late 20s

Size/shape : short, curvy

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian

Services Provided : Full service

Value for money/recommend? : Yes (only because on COVID)

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

So I booked Carmen through SMS. Pretty easy to book, she was available for the time I wanted. Her apartment is walking distance from St Leonards station so finding it wasn't a problem. I think she has some house mates but they were not around. 

She looks exactly like her pictures. I only go for girls who have these natural photos of them because I do not want to be burned. She is not gorgeous or extremely fit, but definitely fuckable. She was dressed in a short skirt, definitely provocative. 

So on to the foreplay. Pretty standard service to be honest. Went to the shower, she joined in and played with me a little bit. Then we moved onto the bed which was clean (a big factor for me). I asked for BBBJ but she said no so we moved to covered oral soon. Tried a bit of 69 too and enjoyed it. Pussy is not fully shaved but well kept. 

Then we moved onto the main act. Started with her riding me. She has nice natural boobs so it was a sight to behold. Little bit of moaning, didn't feel fake at all. After about 10 minutes of riding, we moved on to missionary which wasn't as fun to be honest because she doesn't DFK. So I soon moved to doggy which was definitely the best. I made her kneel on the edge of the bed so I could go in really deep. The sound of her ass banging on my thighs was amazing. She was genuinely making a lot of sounds now as I went pretty deep. This was insane. 

Pretty soon I came, and then she gave me a light massage at the end. Then showered alone and left. 

All in all a pretty solid punt but not compared to Ginza.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 5th June 2020, 10:34 AM
Poster ID: zxzapzxz
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I find that many girl dont do BBBJ amd DFK if you booked for 30' or 45'. They will be more willing if you stay longer than 1hr


