Thread Title: Carmen De La Fontaine - Castle Hill -  0423 070 375
Floor: #1
Post Time: 14th July 2017, 02:14 AM
Poster ID: Purenv
Post Title: 
 Carmen De La Fontaine - Castle Hill -  0423 070 375
				
Post Content: 
Girls Name: Carmen De La Fontaine

Establishment: PWL

Date of Visit: 27th April 


Hours of Business: Her playtime hours are flexible though try to give her a few hours notice.

Contact. Tel 0423070375
https://luxerotica.com.sydney.escort...386/0423070375

Rates 30min special $300, 1 hour special $450

Age: 26

Size/Shape: Short and athletic

Services Provided. FS, anal play and BBJ

Nationality. Australian
English. Very good English.
Value for Money. Yes recommended.

Text Carmen midday to see if she was available at 6pm and she replied yes. Asked about my favs,  if she if offered anal, anal play on her, rim on me and CIM. She replied anal play and rimming on her was part of her service. Locked it in for 5pm. 

Was anxious all afternoon before our meeting. Nice side street parking, got there 10 mins early and texted her. She replied I was early and she still need to doll up. So I waited in the car researching what positions I was going to try. 

A short while later she text me the apartment number. I walked up to the nice building and pressed the apartment number on the intercom and she buzzed me up. Walked up to apartment and knocked. She opened the door in her Victorias Secret outfit, damn she was hot. I got the finance out the way and took a shower.

Came out and she was lying on the bed. Walked up to bed and she took lead and started french kissing me. I started squeezing her tits, they were and nice size but I one seem a lot softer than the other. Took her bra off and suck on them for a while, than she grab my fella which was hard and went for a fantastic BBJ. I was going to pop so told her to stop, and I took a turn at her shaved sweet pussy. Few fingers in there and she was ready to ride me. We went for a few minutes cowgirl style and I popped. She was cool with this, and started talking about how she loves the local gym and how she runs in to clients every so often. Told me she was studying to be a psychologist. 

Anyway after a little while she start initiating round 2 by stroking my fella again. This time I request for doggy because I wanted to finger her butt while pumping her pussy. This was amazing, she pushed really hard against me which was different to what I am use to from doggy. Her butt hole was super tight, I was on able to get a few cm of my middle finger in there. Wish I pushed harder. A good 5 minutes with doggy I blew my load in the bag. She cleaned me up and told me she will be moving back to the CBD soon. I took a quick shower and was off on my way with a massive smile on my face.

I highly recommend Carmen if you get a chance, very professional and sexy. Will definitely make your day.


Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk


