Thread Title: Carol - Sydney - 0412 290 633
Floor: #1
Post Time: 29th June 2010, 05:19 PM
Poster ID: martinplaza
Post Title: 
 Carol - Sydney - 0412 290 633
				
Post Content: 
CAROL - Sydney Escort


Establishment and/or person's Name: Carol

Contact Details/Address:Based in Sydney - out-calls only
Email: sexescort@iprimus.com.au
Mobile msg bank:  0412  290 633  
Web Site: http://groups.yahoo.com/group/sydneyescort/

Hours of Business: (if known or applicable) By appointment - after 7pm and weekends

Prices:
1 Hour - $250
Anal $50 extra

Age: mid 30's

Size/shape: size 16, curvy but not fat. Nice breast that have drooped a little (result of a couple of kids) and large nipples.

Nationality or Ethnicity: Anglo-celtic

Services:

Massage
BBBJ - Oral - give and receive
Spanish - remember those breasts - wrap around nicely
BB 

Protected Anal
Bukaki
Fisting


Value for money/recommend?: A little older and not the toned 18 year old, but the she makes up for it by her enthusiasm and effort. Well worth the money. This lady really enjoys her work and gives her all to make sure you have a great time.

My experience/comments:

Had a spare evening and decided to book Carol for an hour at my place. 

She arrived in a fairly plain track suite combination and I thought that I may have made a mistake - fairly plain face and a sightly larger body than I normally go for. 

After a chat we got down to business.

She most certainly knows how to swallow a cock and did so for a good while. I am sure that if I had asked she would have sucked me dry. But I did want to explore her more before I climaxed.

She was happy for me to suck her breasts and clit. Penetration with tongue was no problem for her, neither was rimming or digital penetration (vaginal and anal). After more than one finger was inserted, I asked if she enjoyed fisting. Getting a 'yes, please' response , my whole fist was slowly inserted passed my wrist - luckily I had removed my watch, otherwise I might have tested the water-proof capacity . With my other hand index finger well inside her arse, I had the pleasure of bringing her to 3 or 4 orgasms (not faked as I felt every spasm!).

After that it was my turn to penetrate her anus with something other than a finger. So on with a condom - I preferred and she insisted. Carol is very tight and but with the right amount of lube accepting and if you have managed to get her orgasm beforehand you will have the satisfaction of feeling some anal spasms with a little fingering of her clit at the same time.

I will be having Carol visit again.

I am sure that if you treat with respect and consideration for her pleasure, you will not be disappointed.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 13th August 2010, 02:11 PM
Poster ID: bobbybareback
Post Title: 
 Carol Private Lady
				
Post Content: 
I have seen Carol a few times and always get an excellent GFE.
I would recommend her and her services to everyone and she is also very obliging and offers extra services if you require.
She only does outcalls at the moment week night or week ends


Floor: #3
Post Time: 13th August 2010, 07:28 PM
Poster ID: angleangle
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
So  where can  she  be seen  ?


Floor: #4
Post Time: 14th August 2010, 08:52 AM
Poster ID: Jack Kerouac
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Bobbybareback,

There are a number of Carols working in the industry,

Are you referring to English Carol queen of the gangbangs from Rockdale?

We need more information such as contact number, description and a bit more about what she offered.

As it stands your post tells me virutally nothing except the name the wl uses.

Uncle Jack


Floor: #5
Post Time: 16th August 2010, 11:23 AM
Poster ID: bobbybareback
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
http://groups.yahoo.com/group/sydneyescort
She is mature late 30's early 40's she does outcalls only of evenings and week ends 
She is about 5'8, size 12, 36c not so firm, trimmed
Email: sexescort@iprimus.com.au

Jack I do not know the English Queen from Rockdale but would love to
						



 Attached Images


Floor: #6
Post Time: 19th August 2010, 05:13 PM
Poster ID: martinplaza
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Carol has asked me to correct that she is size 12-14 not 16 as stated incorrectly by me. Whatever size she is outside, she is larger inside a pleasure for those of us who like to get inside and have a fistful before we poker.


