Floor: #1
Post Time: 28th April 2011, 10:15 AM
Poster ID: mikekinky
Post Title: 
 Caroline/ Helen - Sutherland - 0404 499 980
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name:Caroline in leader add but said her name was Helen when I turned up

Date of Visit: April 2011

Contact Details/Address/ sorry I can't find her add in the leader as I'm writing this a week after my visit and it's not in there now. I'll add it if I find the number

Rates: $100/hr but can probably easily bargain down the price

Age:+60

Size/shape:bbw but not huge 

Nationality or Ethnicity: Australian

Services Provided: fs, Bbbj, prostate, toys, no anal

Value for money/recommend?:It was ok

My experience/comments: I'm going through all the adds in the Sutherland shire leader and trying out all the massage places and ladies. I normally don't tend to look at the fs add but I'm also wanting to try experiences from all types, big, small, old and different nationallities, so I thought I'd try some mature fun. 

I made and booking and she sounded friendly enough on the phone. Turned up to a motel in Sutherland and was greeted by helen. She is a lot older than I am +35 years so it was defiantly a different experience for me. 

I had a shower then jumped on the bed. I won't go into to much detail but it was fun. There was a lot of talking I mean a LOT. Some sexy talk but mostly just chit chat about her kids and what they did etc which made it a bit weird but in my head I wanted to laugh the whole time. I did enjoy myself she knew what she was doing and was deffinatly friendly but I just don't think it was my thing. 

Helen also said she did a double with her friend, lesbian action toys etc. There is an add normally in the leader for that as well but they might be off this week. I'll post if I find it. 
Well there is a 1 1/2 review maybe it might be someone else's cup of tea, scones and an afternoon nanna nap.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 11th May 2011, 10:58 AM
Poster ID: Gavin
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I think this is the ad
CAROLINE Blonde busty mature lady 59. Mutual pleasure guaranteed! No text messages please. 04044 999 80


