Thread Title: Cassidy - Sydney 0478 438 420
Floor: #1
Post Time: 12th October 2016, 08:26 PM
Poster ID: bigdickmalone
Post Title: 
 Cassidy - Sydney 0478 438 420
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Cassidy

Establishment: private

Date of Visit: Late Sept

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: Phone: 0478 438 420    https://scarletblue.com.au/escort/cassidy

Hours of Business: Call her for hours

Rates:$400

Age: 22

Size/shape: Curvy

Nationality or Ethnicity: Mix of something but Australian

Services Provided: Full Service

Value for money/recommend?: Yes

So was browsing SB and looking for someone young who looked more like the girl next door type. Stumbled on Cassidy's profile. Nice pics, young, fresh looking. Sent her an email with my contact details. About 2 days later she emails me asking what time is best to call as she wants to speak to me before making a booking.

Speaking to her is easy, she asks what I'm after in an WL and we then set up a time.

Getting to her place is easy but parking can be hard as she has an apartment she rents for work and its located next to Allianz Stadium. Parking is limited to 1hr and if there is a game then its hard to find parking.
Get there and text her, she gives me the house number and I knock on the door. I'm greeted by a beautiful young girl. She is short about 5"3 but has a great body with killer curves.

She offers me a glass of water and we exchange finances. Her apartment is very bare as she doesn't live there but it is nice never the less. Jump into the shower and upon exiting she is waiting for me on the bed wearing some really sexy lingerie. Wow she is hot (still can't put my finger on her ethnicity). 

I sit on the bed and she jumps on me like I'm her long lost love and we start making out. Deep french kiss (I actually never kiss WL, never ever) but her looks, demeanor and forwardness make me just go for it. We keep on kissing and I'm grabbing her wonderful breasts. Breasts that only a 20yr old can have. Full, perky and with a nipple piercing. 
She then gets a condom and puts it on my now rock hard Big D and starts sucking on it (no BBBJ though and I dont care as I still want to DFK her and if she did do BBBJ on me I'd have stopped the DFK). Its not the best BJ pretty average but still good. 
Then she jumps on me and starts riding me, first stating off slow and then she picks up the pace. I've got her tits in my mouth and my hands on her wonderful ass. After a few minutes of ass grabbing a tit sucking, I then move onto missionary. 
Its like being with a lover. She wraps her legs around me, pulling me in for more DFK and grabbing me ass beckoning me to go deeper. She is moaning, I'm thrusting and having the time of my life. After a few minutes of that, my need to see and smack her ass is too much. I flip her around and admire her wonderful ass for a bit, then I enter doggystyle (no anal), grabbing her ass, smacking it, then grabbing her hair. She seems to be having a geniuely great time with all the sounds she is making. 
Its all too much and I cum. 

Wow, wow that was great. Definitely what I needed after a long week.

We then lie on the bed and have a chat, talking about her being in uni studying, her working as a WL and general chit chat.

Now after a few minutes I'm ready for round 2. And this is where I get a shock, she tells me that she doesn't do MSOG during 1 hr sessions?? What I really hadn't confirmed that but its the norm in 1 hour booking to allow at least 2 times. 
This puts a damper on me as I had planned to ravage her some more. I usually can do 3 shots in the hour so to only have got off 1 and had to pay $400, that was quite the let down for me. 

We then get to chatting again as might as well use the rest of my time lieing down next to a pretty naked girl. We talk more but she seems to want to know more about you and not really offering any info about her in exchange. Fair enough as there are plenty of stalkers and weirdos out there.

I had a great time, she is really hot and the sex was incredible. Only let down was only 1 shot in the hr.

Cheers,

Big D


Floor: #2
Post Time: 13th October 2016, 01:47 PM
Poster ID: SFVD
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
she makes a point of listing MSOG (it's the last in the list of services offered), what the funk? I'd be spewing, the second shot is better than the first!


