Thread Title: Catherine Schneider - Sydney - 0424 341 753
Floor: #1
Post Time: 9th February 2016, 03:59 AM
Poster ID: robert.smith
Post Title: 
 Catherine Schneider - Sydney - 0424 341 753
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Catherine Schneider

Establishment : Private Escort 

Date of Visit : 20/01/2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0424 341 753  https://scarletblue.com.au/escort/catherine-schneider

Hours of Business : weekdays morning till night 

Rates : $650

Age : 27

Size/shape : 8 , very thin 

Nationality or Ethnicity : eastern europe

Services Provided : submissive services , role play

Value for money/recommend? : YESSS!!!

My experience/comments :

I read a couple of comments about this lady when I saw her ad on Scarlet Blue and decided to take the plunge.


I decided I wanted to explore a dominant side that I have never tried out.

The booking process was easy and the apartment was very clean and well cared for.  She was able to see me and she recommends a bit of time to get to know each other especially for some submissive action.

As was stated previously she is a little nervous but is very eager to please but I think could not handle intensive BDSM.

She does offer some kinky stuff that other escorts usually charge extra included in her price such as Golden Showers both ways, CIMWS, Mutual rimming, spanking and will allow toys to be used and will use. 

I never got to use any but may in the future as I will definitely see her again.

She has a long hard tongue that will explore every possible area if you let her and boy does she love to use it.

She is very tight but as I said is eager to please.

If you know how to treat a submissive properly and not leave any marks she would be very good for the early experiences.  As i said she is in between PSE and full on submissive.

She certainly wants you to take control and she introduced me to a couple of things I have never tried in a booking.

Her services her looks and her body are exactly as described and that all you can ask as a punter as far as I am concerned.   She is as described and provided a wonderful time, I would recommend her but certainly guys respect her boundaries.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 2nd August 2016, 09:57 AM
Poster ID: herb89
Post Title: 
 Catherine Schneider -
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Catherine Schneider

Establishment: Private 

Date visited: 26/7/2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: Weblink - ***Yes SIR*** Obedient Beauty*-ready to serve - Sydney escorts - cracker.com.au

Work Hours: Ring Catherine  0424 341 753

Rates:$350 for 30 min incall (rates will vary depending on requests)

Age: 25 - 30

Size/shapeetite

Nationality or Ethnicity: Caucasian/Eastern European

Services Provided: Full Service/Fetish/Submissive

Value for money/recommend?: Awesome value for money unrushed

My experience/comments:

Hi all this is my first review on this website and I am glad to say that it is a very positive one at that. I am young, very fit, and addicted to rough sex (think James Deen) - as such, Catherine's ad on Cracker always sparked my interest. I have been punting private WL for about a year now and can confidently say she was one of my best. 

Catherine is a professional submissive and caters to fetishists and those like to be a bit more dominant in the sack. I did not post her number on here out of respect as she does not advertise it on Cracker - you need to email her first. 

I emailed Catherine a couple of months back with some specific requests and she responded to my email promptly with a number and cash amount. My favourite WL was not available last week so I thought it a perfect opportunity to try some new talent. I texted Catherine and she got back to me straight away with a time and location (city hotel).

I knock on her hotel door to be greeted by this little Hungarian cutie dressed in stockings, garter belt, and lacy underwear who plants me a nice kiss. We sort out the financials, sit down and talk for a while about random things which served to make things only hotter as the tension was building. Eventually it got too hard (literally lol) to sit and talk and we start with some nice DFK. She removes my clothes and we continue doing standing DFK whilst we jerk each other off. Not to go into too many details, I hit the shower, come back and Catherine gets on her knees and gives me a sloppy blowjob, deepthroating, spitting and drooling all over the carpet (I wonder what the hotel cleaners will think haha) - I take advantage of her submissive side and decide to fuck her face a bit and do all the rough things that I do . After this, I lay on the bed and get her to give me a nice deep rimming. Following that we move into a number of positions, she is very tight and takes it with enthusiasm. After the 30 mins I blow a week's load in her mouth and watch her swallow it with joy. We chill and talk more for quite a while and what was originally just a 30 min incall turns out to be much longer.

Overall it was a very positive experience and one worth its price.

Thanks for reading
M


Floor: #3
Post Time: 12th November 2016, 11:20 AM
Poster ID: jamesallenaust
Post Title: 
 Catherine Schneider - Sydney
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Catherine Schneider

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 22/10/2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : catherineschneider285@gmail.com

Hours of Business : By Appointment

Rates : $550 / Hour

Age : Advertised 26 (Reality is closer to 30)

Size/shape : 8

Nationality or Ethnicity : Eastern European

Services Provided : GFE with Kink

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments :

I've seen Catherine a few times now and have always had a great time, including this time. She advertises as 26, however I think that the reality is that she's closer to 30. She's closer to a size 8. It doesn't matter, her body is slim and she is immaculately groomed.

The service itself was GFE with a touch of kink. I asked Catherine to wear her catsuit outfit, which was your standard PVC fair but very nice and hit the mark. We started with a slow and very sensual blowjob. Not deep throat by any stretch, however Im sure if we spent more time on it she would have gotten there.

The rest of the session was usual sex in various positions. We actually finished with. Golden shower both ways, which is a kink that I seldom engage in but always seem to go back to with Catherine.

If you're after someone who is more than open minded, very open to any request and will do her best to fulfil those requests and a genuinely nice person, Catherine is your girl.

WIR? I have a few times now and will again.


