Thread Title: Cathy Heaven - Sydney (Tour) - 0452 598 445
Floor: #1
Post Time: 20th March 2012, 12:39 PM
Poster ID: auzzie06
Post Title: 
 Cathy Heaven - Sydney (Tour) - 0452 598 445
				
Post Content: 
Pornstar Cathy Heaven is back in Sydney until the 24th of March.

Missed out on her last time as a client of hers had an unfortunate accident or something and it threw her whole day out. It was ok as I had not lost any money over it and pretty sure he made a speedy recovery. Rates are from $800/hr.

Don't think I will be able to get that cash on such short notice..anyone want to go halves and shout me a bit, I will throw in a dvd of the two of us 

Was praying that I could meet her as she is one of my favourites but it is very unlikely 

Unless someone comes to the rescue


Floor: #2
Post Time: 20th March 2012, 01:30 PM
Poster ID: tinlegs
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
bah i couldnt get hard for someone with so much silcone


Floor: #3
Post Time: 22nd March 2012, 11:33 AM
Poster ID: seeto
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by auzzie06


Pornstar Cathy Heaven ...

 Rates are from $800/hr
"""



Speechless. Seriously, why would anyone chuck that sort of money on any girl, especially one with tits like rugby balls?


Floor: #4
Post Time: 7th May 2012, 01:40 PM
Poster ID: Freejd
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I saw Cathy Heaven after skipping work early.
$900 is a bit steep for anyone but I saw as a once in a lifetime kind of thing.
Called on the day and was given the details.
She was staying in a 1 bedroom apartment in Bridge street. Using the nearest wilson carpark my total spend went to $944.

Up the elevator and knock on the door. The usual slow door open to only reveal a face, then ushered in.

Its funny when you see some one after only seeing them in pictures. There is recognition but also a little bit of a readjust. (it was definately her)

Offered a drink a quick chat (awkward, but she has a nice euro accent) and into the shower.

After  a quick dry I walk into the lounge and she's no longer there. I keep walking and see he lying on the bed in the adjacent bedroom.

She is no longer in the pink stripper dress. Just laying naked. 

I drop towel and present my half erect member. She gets up on all fours and with her mouth only sucks me fully hard.

On with a dom and she turns on all four and backs onto to me. I havent moved but for aiming myself. 

She pushes right back to my pelvis nice and slowly. lowering her breasts to the bed. Looking around she slaps herself onto me with increasing speed. Meeting her thrusts i grab her lovely shaped ass.  Her body is one of an athlete.  Toned and firm all over. Not dainty just powerful in a feminine way. The only drawback is those implants.

I found this when moving to missionary. I love to hold a women in my arms and feel her breath on my neck in missionary. Unfortunately what works on DVD covers doesnt work while on the job. Uncomfortable for both of us.


A few more positions and Im getting close. She gets me stand at the edge of the bed. Takes off the rubber, lays back with her thighs either side of mine and plays with her clit. After a few fist pumps Ive blown from her belly to her tits.  Aquick clean off and she sends me to the shower to wash my boy.

I come back and she has knelt down ready to suck me again. After a minute Im hard enough to go again. The second round doesnt really heat up so she ends up sucking me off and asking to come in her mouth. I wasnt able to get there despite my and her best efforts.

Overall a 6/10 experience. I would fork out that amount again to anyone. Value is only evident in the room. I would rather spend a long time, maybe overnight with a tried and tested favourite. Other than the cash the only other real down point is her unwillingness to go greek. (especially when you've already seen what she can take up there)


Floor: #5
Post Time: 9th May 2012, 02:01 PM
Poster ID: andrewblake
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Nice review and great to see an EE babe touring with such popularity.. She has something about her as do most EE babes that is alluring.. Would I loved to see her and I guess the gratuity reflects that.. A shame about no anal.. After seeing it on the tube!.. Hopefully she tours again!.. A double with Ava Greene perhaps!.. The mind boggles!..

Well done!..

AB


