Thread Title: Catherine,  SriLankan - Carlingford - 0449 584 510
Floor: #1
Post Time: 4th June 2014, 12:33 PM
Poster ID: SeaRay
Post Title: 
 Catherine,  SriLankan - Carlingford - 0449 584 510
				
Post Content: 
CATHERINE Sri Lankan in Carlingford
I had a look on LOCANTO personals and typed in Carlingford and her advert came up with several photos showing a very dark slim young Sri Lankan:





I'm Catherine , 30 , with a Sri Lankan background , I'm seeking elite businessmen , decent , regular well spoken clientele , to pamper , have good conversation , and connect with , however due to being happily committed .... No strings .  I encourage the visits to be here at my home in Carlingford , as I don't own a car , and also I work on reliability , and proof that you are genuine , a chat , complimentary drink or two , and if we connect , we go from there .  I provide a clean , friendly , and personal full service , I have my own unique style , which works for me  I do not do anal , or rough things that put my health and safety at risk , my service is erotic , but clean , no natural sex .  My rates are $150 per hour , sorry no half hour jobs, and of you prefer to talk instead of texting , that's fine , please don't use a private number , you could be anyone , and I don't pick up my phone to private numbers .  0449584510 SMS contact only , look forward 


Needing a erotic good fuck after my gruelling Month in Spain, I was going to visit her but Tiffany Hunni answered first


Floor: #2
Post Time: 10th June 2014, 04:12 PM
Poster ID: SeaRay
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Catherine SriLankan / Sri Lankan @ Carlingford 044958510
After reading "bobo13" posting, I thought she does look interesting (after Googling her phone number and her Locanto Advert came up) and rang her and sent her a TXT last Friday trying to make an appointment but she could only fit me in after 4.30pm which I sent a TXT back making it for 10am this morning, Upon sending a TXT this morning, she sent a TXT back saving she was available after 12 Noon and she sent a couple of photos of herself and her address in Carlingford which is really Dundas. Upon then checking out the address on Google, I had some idea of the house she is living and rooting from and as it was only recently rented by her, I was able to see the inside photos which matched up with the photos on Locanto....
Now "bobo3" is totally correct in his assertions that some thing is not quite right here. First of all I drove past the house at 11.40 and noticed a car out side (she does write in her advert she does not own a car) so I waited until 12 Midday the I sent her a TXT in which there was no reply, then I sent her another asking is she ready, again no reply so I drove up to the house. There was a couple of empty Beer bottles lying around and some ciggie buts in the ash tray, the front door was open so I knocked on the fly screen, no response, so I looked through the window as noticed in the Lounge Room which looked like is was furnished with junk of the streets more empty beer bottles and an ashtray of butts, again I knocked on the opened door, still no response, walking around the verandah of the house, I could see into the Bedroom and noticed there was no bottom bed sheet, only an exposed mattress with a top sheet and an old blanket . then I went out to my car to ring her, still no response and then returned to knock on the windows and the open doors again no response then left..... even though she does look like she has a pretty face with a hot body for a 30 year old Sri Lankan, I am pleased I did leave and not visit her


Floor: #3
Post Time: 11th June 2014, 04:57 PM
Poster ID: SeaRay
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Yesterday I sent Catherine the SriLankan / Sri Lankan P.W.L. in Carlingford a SMS to make a booking to visit her and upon agreeing on a time and me turning up she was not at her home. After several more SMS's we agreed to meet this morning at her Carlingford home. Now as "bobo13" pointed out this Lady does have some personal issues, she isn't a bad root. Although she was born in Ceylon (Sri Lanka) she was bought up in Australia, she is quite dark and attractive.
She is a little shy with strangers and we started off having a get to know you chat then we moved to her bedroom where she stripped to her bra & undies to start of with a massage which followed by us hopping under the blanket (as it was cold) and she turned into a Tiger, She has had a breast reduction and although her body is fine with a full bush, she is very self aware of the scares under her big black nipples thinking it would put the Punters off. After I assured her she looked very exotic she removed her underwear and we have a good sexy time, but the only thing is she didn't want me to do any DATY as she wanted her to please me and not me please her..  She is not for every one as she is a little hard to connect with but I will visit her again (her fee is $150 per hour NO 1/2 Hour NO Anal NO daty)


