Thread Title: Catherine - St Michaels - 0450 227 507
Floor: #1
Post Time: 24th April 2011, 04:06 PM
Poster ID: wimpumper
Post Title: 
 Catherine - St Michaels - 0450 227 507
				
Post Content: 
http://privategirls.com.au/catherine_st_michaels1.php

Decided to book myself an Easter present after yet another stressful week
beating all sorts of deadlines.

Saw above profile, liked what i saw and decided to take the $250 30 min option

It was $250 i shld have flushed down the toilet !! i hate photoshop !!!

Firstly she's nowhere near as slim as she looks in the photos, big flabby butt, thunder thighs and quite a tummy too ! why i didnt listen to my brain upstairs and walked will
remain a mystery to me always

once cash was exchanged i was rushed to take a shower as "30 mins is not a lot
of time darling" as she said

i never thought there was such a thing as a lousy bbbj until now - it was so lacklustre little wim just wasnt interested. This was not helped by fake moaning, obviously over the top dirty talk etc

Had to finish myself with a hj in the end and walked out of there with 10 mins to spare 
Couldnt bring myself to penetrate her as she's quite unattractive close up - definitely closer to 40 yrs old (and not in a MILF kind of 40 that's for sure) She claims she makes heaps as a WL - thanks to her mastery of photoshop no doubt !!!

In short fellow punters - save your cash ; this is definitely an AVOID ...!!!!


Floor: #2
Post Time: 24th April 2011, 04:42 PM
Poster ID: andrewblake
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
well not all PG ads are the stunners and glamours that they are made out to be.. 

sorry to hear your adventure and disappointment WP.. guess you TOFTF and in doing so "sacrificed" yourself! the forum is indebited to you for your "kamakazi" act! 

well done and there are plenty more PWLs out there that will be to your choice.. keep punting and posting ans dont give up!

ab


Floor: #3
Post Time: 24th April 2011, 08:22 PM
Poster ID: wimpumper
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
no worries AB 

forgot to add she looks like she could be brynne edelsten's unattractive sister...


Floor: #4
Post Time: 24th April 2011, 10:44 PM
Poster ID: Flyboy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Oh, Wimpumper, now that is taking one for the team, aka TOFTT - man, she sounds like a right shocker. But I think we've all been there, faced with someone who is not what we expected and for whatever reason, we are just too stupified to 'say "Thanks but no thanks" and walk out.

To quote the philosopher Kenny Robbins: "You got to know when to do 'em, know when to screw 'em, know when to walk away, and know when to run as fast as your legs will fucking carry you".


Floor: #5
Post Time: 25th April 2011, 11:42 AM
Poster ID: reggid
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
When you look at the asking price for the majority on PG and look at the asking rate of this WG it seems to make sense with the OP


