Thread Title: Catherine - CBD Sydney - wechat joeysmile66
Floor: #1
Post Time: 15th December 2018, 12:00 PM
Poster ID: asianlover1314
Post Title: 
 Catherine - CBD Sydney - wechat joeysmile66
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Catherine (Joey's Friend)

Establishment : Private in City

Date of Visit : 26 Nov 2018

Wechat ID: joeysmile66

Hours of Business : 
Works part time, need to make appointment via Joey. Only see Asian bro's.

Rates : $380/hr 

Age : Early 20s

Size/shape : Petite size 6, B+ to C Cuppas, 166CM tall, white skin, pretty, sexy eyes, sexy long legs.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : FS, DATY - very sensitive and gets WET, DFK, BBBJ, was told no fingering.

Value for money/recommend? : Yes! Yes and Yes!

My experience/comments :

Was looking at wechat one day last week and saw Joey's moments come up. Was actually thinking to contact Joey for another "date" since I have not been able to see her for a while due to being busy at work and going into the city was not that convenient. As I went through her moments, saw that she has a new friend being advertised. Quickly have a quick browse and saw a new Chinese girl's photo - advertised as Catherine, Chinese 23yo, 166CM, 48kg, C cup and sexy long legs.

Quickly sent Joey a message asking about this new friend of hers. Came back saying she is a uni student, young and only works part time. Asked when she was free, told 26th, agreed and confirmed the "date" with Joey. But as Joey knows me quite well, at times my schedule changes and she has always looked after me - being patient with my "date" bookings. Thanks Joey!

Finally day came to see Catherine. Was heading to the city this morning and made some time to have a "date" with Catherine. Arrived at the arranged time, messaged Joey and she confirmed OK to buzz the unit number. Was feeling nervous at this stage, as I have not seen any other girl besides Joey in this unit and kinda felt like I am cheating on her but actually she arranged it which made it more fun . Arrived, pressed door bell, waited a couple seconds, heard some movement and noise, finally door opens - just enough for me to slip in. And wow, behind the door was this pretty slim girl, smiling and said hello. I was lost for words for a bit , and finally say Hi and gave her a hug. Kinda tested the waters and gave her a kiss, which turned into DFK. Wow and Wow. Same service as Joey! 

Stopped the DFK, went over the the bedroom, sorted the finances, had a bit of chit chat as usual to break the ice (Fluent English). Seeing her in person is a little different to the photos (hard to tell as face was blurred), she is pretty, cute, tall, slim, nice body shape - very youthful looking, sexy small tight round bum. She was wearing a mini skirt with a pinkish top - very similar to the wechat photos. And those smooth silky white long sexy legs, and those sexy Asian eyes! She has this youthful student vibe, if saw her on the streets, you will stare at her and look her up and down. She broke my stare and said come and undress her, I was like sure! Went over, slowly removed her black short skirt, wow - sexy victoria secret pink panties. It really suited her. Removed her top and bra, left her panties on. Lay her down and started another session of DFK, lots of tongue action and at times she pretended to bite my lips and tongue. Very sexy naughty. Played with her kitty, light rubbing and i could feel it getting moist. She started to chit chat again, but I kept lightly rubbing her kitty, could feel the panties getting wet. At this stage I just wanted to have her, but she say shower first. I showered alone as Catherine had her's already. Found the mouth wash where it always stored. Seems like a 2nd home to me knowing where things are placed 

Showered and back into the bedroom, Catherine was lying naked still with panties still on. Started the DFK session, she is still very playful. My hand roaming around her smooth skin, feeling her B+ Cuppas, round bottom, very youthful body. Sucking her B+ cuppas was yummy, she seems very sensitive and said that a few times in English and Chinese. Moved to her lower regions, kissing her all the way down to her kitty area, slowly removing her panties. Nice pink kitty, not shaved but well maintained bush. Kissed around her kitty area deliberately missing the main area, she moans, saying its very sensitive. I teased her a bit till she wanted more. DATY session starts. As Joey would know, I enjoy giving DATY to her and now to Catherine. Catherine was already wet, she taste and smells nice. Not sure how long I DATY on her, but she was moaning a lot and saying a lot in Chinese (which I cant understand with my limited Chinese skills ), but still sexy as. Makes me eat her more. I think she came a few times as she was trying to push me away. She tried to talk dirty in English, her cute Chinese accent, so sexy. At this point, she is really wet.

She wanted to give me BJ. Lay on my back and let Catherine take the lead. She gives a decent BBBJ, lots of tongue and attention to the tip and takes little bro all in. Motioned her to 69, she got really sensitive and stopped BBBJ. She was enjoying this moment for a few mins. Signaled her, I wanted to go to the main event. She got a condom, which I provided - Okamoto 001 - Catherine knows this brand and interested where I got it from. Anyhow she dom me up, started with CG, tried to get into her but was not able to, thinking that she might not be wet enough. Catherine guided little bro and finally in. WOW, so warm, tight, wet! Lucky that I brought my own condom today, it was pure heaven that I can feel the warmth of her kitty. She rides me for a bit, switched to doggy - can see her nicely shaped body and feeling her cushioned bottom when pumping her was a sight to die for. Switched to mish, and started pumping her for ages. This girl can take a pounding, speaking in Chinese to do her harder, harder! Her kitty was so wet that I was not able to come. Stopped, did more DATY and started pumping again in Mish. This went on for about 20min or so, poor Catherine was getting tired and keeps getting wetter and wetter. I was sweating so much, and her body was warm and sweaty. Stopped to give Catherine a little rest, daty, than pounded her again in mish, finally I shot my load in her warm wet kitty, well into the condom. I had to check a few times while pumping her to make sure its still on. She was so wet! I could see a sign of relief from Catherine when i unloaded Wish I could have another round, but time is almost up. Wow, time sure flies when having fun. I am surprised that I lasted this long. 

With about 10min left, rested a bit after cleanup, more chit chat. Time for shower, Catherine joined me. Shower done. Both getting dressed, ready to depart. She is not a clock watcher, but was told that she have an appointment with some friends. I just couldn't let go of Catherine, kept hugging her, DFK till we reached the door. Exit completed.

Catherine is a pretty girl, very GFE feel, naughty, fun and youthful. She mentioned that she see Asians only. If you get to see her, treat her well and she will look after you.

Thank you Joey and Catherine. I hope to have another "date" with you's soonish. 

Sorry for the long winded review. Hope it was entertaining with lots of grammar errors . As usual, this is my experience at the time I saw Catherine.

Happy Punting Bro's.


