Thread Title: Cathy - Canterbury - 0452 648 177
Floor: #1
Post Time: 4th April 2018, 08:08 AM
Poster ID: BoldGuy
Post Title: 
 Cathy - Canterbury - 0452 648 177
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Cathy

Establishment : Q Cherry Massage

Date of Visit : 24/3/18

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : SPECIAL $95 for 30min Full Service.TOP girls GFE Service ??Close to Canterbury Station??0452 648 177 - Sydney escorts - cracker.com.au

Canterbury Road Canterbury Ph 0452 648 177

Hours of Business : 10am till late

Rates : $150 an hour

Age : looked late 20s or early 30s

Size/shape : B+ cup, slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : BBBJ, FS

Value for money/recommend? : yes!

My experience/comments :
I've seen Cathy twice already. She is not a classic stunner but she's pretty. I love her personality as she is friendly and quite cheeky. She's slightly flappy around her stomach as she has had a C-section. She has a scar to show for it. 

I booked her for the second time as I enjoyed my first. She took me into the room and asked me to guess what colour bra and panties she was wearing today. I love that about her... very playful. She took my clothes off and told me I smelled fresh and clean. She started DFK me and I happily return the gesture. She's a great kisser! After a while, she started to go down slowly and kissing my nipples, all the way down to my cock and gave me a long BBBJ. Not Deep Throat but quite deep. Licking my balls and shaft while looking up at me from time to time. I pull her head closer and wanting her to go deeper. she didn't mind but will only go as far as she can. Told me I was naughty with a cheeky smile. 

I asked her to go onto the bed. Attempted to give her nicely trimmed pussy a kiss... no luck. She said she's too sensitive down there. Gave it a second shot and she giggled and stopped me. She dom me up and asked me to fuck her... and I did in mish. After a little while. I turned over and ask her to be on top. We DFK while she slowly moved up and down on my cock. I could have easily popped but I stopped her and ask her to give me more BBBJ. I loved the way she looked at my cock as if she's never seen one before. She's very attentive. She loves tucking it nice and slow and with that look on her face...I blew my load. She cleaned me up and gave me a nice relaxing message with little time I had left. We chatted about her her plans in Aus. I really enjoy spending my time chatting with her. 

The place is cheap looking and the rooms are slightly worn but clean. Will definitely go back and try a different girl... maybe.


