Thread Title: Cela - Sussex St Sydney - 0451 068 060
Floor: #1
Post Time: 10th January 2018, 09:14 PM
Poster ID: AussieGuy1968
Post Title: 
 Cela - Sussex St Sydney - 0451 068 060
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Cela (read below)

Establishment : Sussex Street Sydney

 Date of Visit : 10/1/18

 Contact Details/Address/Weblink : ???????? ? Genuine photos 35DD ??? New Busty Girl Cela 20 Yrs ??NEW NE-0451 068 060 - Australia escorts - cracker.com.au

 Hours of Business : 10 til late

 Rates : $400 for 2 hours

 Age : 23

 Size/shape : Pretty face, cheerful personality, lovely slim, but still shapely, figure, nice B-cups, cute bum, trimmed bush with waxed lips and perenium

 Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

 Services Provided : DFK, BBBJ, 69, DATY, cowgirl, mish, doggie, body slide, shower for 2

 Value for money/recommend? : Yes - with a big caveat

 My experience/comments : After returning from holidays to the stresses of work I decided to peruse the Asian smorgasboard on Cracker for options in the CBD. Prefer a full service option I was drawn to Cela's ad for both her range of services and her all inclusive pricing.  After getting the first red flag, booking done via a different number, I ventured down to Sussex Street ready to walk and visit one of the many RnT's in the area.

What a surprise it was to be greeted by 40+ Mamasan and quickly realise this was a working unit with 2-3 girls "on shift".  But what caught my eye was this cute, very innocent looking girl standing behind masaman and I was hooked.

Now this is where things got interesting.  After expressing my interest, mamas an pretends to forget our exchanges of text and asks how long.. I indicate 2 hours and the price jumps to $500 with a "She very young good service".

I should have walked but this girls smile had me by the balls and I quickly showed mamas an her ad and $400 was agreed.  I confirmed all services listed were included with a specific emphasis on bbbj, cim and anal and got an affirmative response although I am sure the poor girl had no idea.

Being the gentleman, I handed over the 8 pineapples, and decided to see where this went.

So now let me introduce Mimi, a 23yr old Chinese lass who has been here for 1 month.  English is minimal but enough to have a basic conversation.

Mimi was quick to help me undress and usher us into the showered for a mutual wash, a little play and a nice dry off.  Back in the room, things got heated.  Mimi is a great kisser, that girlfriend kiss of slow teasing French where your tongues intertwine.. soft sensual and damn I was hard.  Without asking, she was straight into a bbbj and OMG I was happy to lay back and enjoy but Mimi slowly hinted at a 69 and I was quick to help her take position and dine on a very tasty pussy.

With the uncertainty of anal and a language barrier, I used the opportunity to test the area with gentle finger probing and tongue... It was pretty clear she was not comfortable so I just enjoyed the view.  Mimi soon got aroused and was sucking like a pro and was happy to take load 1 in her mouth but no swallow... (it was nice to have a bbbj without any tissue breaks...

Onto a massage to recover with plenty of body to body before I flip and she commences an interesting pussy slide...  It was clear tis was getting us both off and she quickly dommed me up for a rapid CG ride for load 2.  (Question - Why do WL's bother with a condom when they have just smeared their vaginal juices all over your unprotected penis???  From an STD perspective it is kind of too late)

Time for a shower, not before I locked onto her nipples and had an intense time of overhead fingering as she shuddered to another crazy orgasm.  By now Mimi had this dreamy look in her eyes so I layed her back and gave her some DATY to another 2 orgasms as she held my held and whimpered how much she was enjoying herself....( I love when you can take these Asian girls from the rehearsed moans to real orgasms.

Shower time and time to test my physical abilities as I lift Mimi and we proceed with some very close genitial rubbing/slapping before I realise how close we are and settle for a shower HJ/massage.

So 85 minutes in and mamasan yells something in Mandarin and it seems my time is up...I quickly throw on the jocks and show her my watch which gives me another 35 minutes. 

With momentum stopped, I decide to enjoy a cuddle and chat via app and with Mimi nestled into my chest, watch as she rubs my chest with her hand and drift off into sleep.  We cuddle like this for 25 minutes occasionally kissing and left her asleep as I left a tip tucked inter her panties.

Seems Mimi is hoping to get a student visa to study English and we exchanged numbers during our cuddle..

I can honestly say that at 49, this is my first true GFE experience and I will be seeing a lot more of this girl.

So an interesting TOFTT that should have resulted in a walk but there was something in the air and in the end my no 1 punt of my life


