Thread Title: Chanel - Surry Hills - 0416 830 036
Floor: #1
Post Time: 9th December 2011, 05:45 PM
Poster ID: Rugger
Post Title: 
 Chanel - Surry Hills - 0416 830 036
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name :   Chanel

Establishment :   Private Surry Hills Sydney NSW

Date of Visit :   1 Dec 2011

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : CBD    0416830036

Hours of Business :    

Rates :   $250/hr

Age :   40s

Size/shape :   Busty

Nationality or Ethnicity :   Australian

Services Provided :   CBJ, Erotic kissing, Spanish and full sex

Value for money/recommend? :   Yes

My experience/comments : Close to images advertised, I wanted a busty woman and thats what she is. Gives a good service, she definitely knows what she is doing. Did not feel hurried and enjoyed her company. The cbj was very pleasurable but what I really liked was mounting her from behind and watching her breasts swing. Left feeling satisfied

First I had a shower and made sure my cock was especially clean. When I got back to the bed Chanel was waiting and motioned for me to lie down next to her. Some hugging and kissing then led to her taking my covered cock in her mouth for some quite enthusiastic sucking. There is nothing as erotic as having awoman sucking your cock and looking straight into your eyes.But I had other plans as well, I asked her to hold her breasts together around my cock while I slowly pumped away
After what seemed like at least 10 minutes, she reached for another condom and some lubrication. Fresh condom in place I entered her in the missionary position and began to thrust away.
She slipped from under me and was kneeling with her legs wide apart. I understood straight away and knelt behind her. Once more my cock was pumping in and out at a furious speed. I held her lovely waist and Chanel clearly preferred the doggy position because she was free to thrust backwards and forwards in time with me.
After some wild fucking Chanel turned and lay on her back. I laid on top of her and we rolled over. She was now on top me and eagerly impaled herself on my cock.
Chanel was bouncing up and down while I attempted to play with those gorgeous breasts.
Then I drew her down on to my chest and held her tightly to me as I thrust upwards into her with the speed of a machine gun.
My time was up, I came with a huge smile on my face. If its always this good, I definitely will be back


Floor: #2
Post Time: 2nd November 2014, 05:15 PM
Poster ID: corelcoral
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Anyone seen Chanel recently? Looking for a hot older woman with curves and Chanel appears to meet the requirements.....


