Thread Title: Charlotte - Sydney CBD - 0412 584 046
Floor: #1
Post Time: 18th January 2016, 01:33 AM
Poster ID: chandlerp
Post Title: 
 Charlotte - Sydney CBD - 0412 584 046
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Charlotte

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 15/01/16

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Curvaceous Italian babe with natural G cup!!! ????? - Sydney escorts - backpage.com

Hours of Business : Not advised

Rates : $250 per hour

Age : 23

Size/shape : BBW

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian/Italian

Services Provided : Oral with COF

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : I was intrigued by Charlotte because I have a little bit of a fetish for bossing bigger ladies around the bedroom and making them do what I like. 

Charlotte is indeed a bigger lady - was sucked in by her photos - in real life does not look that good. 

Conveniently covered up her entire stomach which is COVERED in horrible red stretch marks. 

It was a little bit of an erection killer so after awkward small talk which seemed to last 20 minutes I got her to finally start with the BBBJ.

I must admit she's very good at this and receptive to having you force her to deep throat and gag. 

I continued this for the majority of the service until I told her to get on her knees. 

She happily took the facial spray like a champion and even admitted afterwards she hates cum. 

Probably the wrong profession but that's my humble opinion. 

Decent service in that she is ok with you doing what you want. I probably wouldn't go again just because of how devious she is with showing her body  in the advertisements.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 3rd May 2016, 07:42 PM
Poster ID: bigdickmalone
Post Title: 
 Charlotte/ Stacey - Sydney CBD - 0402 443 115 or 0412 584 046
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Charlotte/ Stacey

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 02/05/16

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : ??? Curvaceous Italian party babe with natural G cup!!! ?? - Sydney escorts - backpage.com
Kinky, Curvy, Busty, Party Girl with an insatiable need to please!!! - Sydney escorts - backpage.com

Hours of Business : Contact for hours

Rates : $100 for 15 mins

Age : 23

Size/shape : BBW

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian/ Italian

Services Provided : BBBJ, FS

Value for money/recommend? No

So was trawling backpage looking for someone who can do 15 min sessions (hey lunchtime punts with time to spare to grab something eat) and up popped her ad. Setting up a time was easy. She replied promptly. We agreed on $100 for 15 mins and $30 for COF. The COF for $30 was the reason I booked her. Finishing on a girls face is a wonderful thing  
Just before the appointment, texted her just to confirm and she then advised that the cost for COF was now $50. Not happy with the change in price, so decided just for FS only. 

We start with a BBBj where I get her to deepthroat it then move onto cowgirl, then shift to missionary while I suck on her huge boobs. The onto doggy but it wasn't really a good sight. Big flabby ass. Where I then rush to finish off.

Not much more to describe since it was such a short punt.

Wouldn't recommend. The change in prices last minute was very unprofessional, the sex was average and her body wasn't that appealing compared to the pictures.

Just a note Charlotte and Stacey are the same thats why I placed both ads. They have different numbers but they are the same person. I texted them both and similar responses. 

My quest for a decent BBW continues. So far nothing but poor experiences.

Cheers,

Big D


Floor: #3
Post Time: 6th June 2016, 11:22 PM
Poster ID: Franklyat
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Shes got three ads out yhere, Natalia is also the same person


Floor: #4
Post Time: 30th June 2016, 01:19 PM
Poster ID: Signor Zorro
Post Title: 
 Charlotte BBW - Private - Sydney - 0412 584 046
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Charlotte

Establishment : Hotel in the Rocks

Date of Visit : 25/06/2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Mobile 0412584046 ??? Curvaceous Italian babe with natural G cup!! ?? - Sydney escorts - backpage.com

Hours of Business : 7 Days 7 am to 11pm

Rates : $200 per hour

Age : 29

Size/shape :Size 18 hourglass 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian/Italian

Services Provided : Girlfriend experience, CBJ , +$50 BBBJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes, for half an hour only.

My experience/comments : Mobile 0412584046

In the foyer I was surrounded by a lot of Asian tourists here for a conference. She txted me to ask if I had arrived and what I was wearing. I joked that I was the only Cauc guy in the area. 
When she presented herself out of the packed lift, I thought I was in the presence of Nigella Lawson, the resemblance is uncanny.
Same hair and makeup as the food presenter, hourglass figure and tits to match. Lovely tight black dress with low neckline and high heels. The lift was full and I could sense all the males were making quick gawks at her tits.
As soon as we got into her room we embraced and kissed. 
I presented the cash and she presented a towel for the shower.
As I walked out of the bathroom, she was on the bed still fully clothed. It was like giftwrapping at Christmas!
We pashed like no tomorrow, lips engaged while my right hand began rubbing her moist panties under her skirt waiting for a genie to pop out and give me 3 wishes.
I got her to stand and pulled her top and underwire bra down to reveal her left nipple. Charlotte giggled and helped me to undress her.
When her bra came off, my lips instantly attached to her nipples like a magnet. I was in breastfeeding heaven. Charlotte does have some marks and bruises on her breasts probably from previous amorous interludes with clients.
After this , we lay on the bed and she demonstrated the art of cock adoration. She dripped saliva over little Zorro's head, lubricated the shaft and then plunged slowly into a wonderfully warm deep throat. I felt her tonsils and tongue tickle away and the sensation was magical. I did'nt want it to stop.
I reached the point where I thought " Do I want to cum in her mouth without warning? She has'nt said not to... or do I warn her and ask for a covered fuck instead?"
The latter was the way I went. We dommed up and she was totally lubricated down there from the previous fingering session. 
I am a traditionalist and went for missionary. Charlotte is a little loose down there, but I was too horny from those tits. 
I asked if I could cum on her. She said fine. I pulled out, ripped the dom off and spat 3 days worth on her lower belly and some on her pussy lips which I think she did'nt mind. 
I cleaned up and we sat together in bed for a chat. After 5 minutes of this I was hinting I wanted more, but I sensed Charlotte became a little lazy. Her legs were crossed in bed and her tits were hidden behind her folded arms in bed. 
All she wanted to do was talk. This was turning into a housewife experience.
I payed for half an hour but only got a half hour service and half hour conversation from her. 
When I understood that there was to be no more sex I asked if I could jack off over her again, she snuggled up to me and I came again over her stomach.
I got changed, kissed her good bye and left.

Appearance: 7/10 She is a bbw size 18 , but hour glass in proportion.
Venue : 9/10 nice hotel but no pump soap, just the small complimentaries offered by the hotel.
BBBJ: 8/10 (10/10 if there was CIM which was extra I found out later)
Sex: 7/10 bit of a starfish.

I payed $250 for the hour with BBBJ. The advertised $200 p/h includes CBJ.


