Thread Title: Charlie Swinton - Touring Sydney - 0434 402 073
Floor: #1
Post Time: 25th September 2017, 12:38 PM
Poster ID: jono87
Post Title: 
 Charlie Swinton - Touring Sydney - 0434 402 073
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Charlie Swinton

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 24/9/17

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://scarletblue.com.au/escort/charlie-swinton , follow her on twitter @SwintonCharlie

Hours of Business : Contact

Rates : $400 p/h

Age : 36

Size/shape : slim size 8 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Caucasion

Services Provided : GFE, DFK, BBBJ, DATY, FS, CIM

Value for money/recommend? : YES!!!

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

So I started the weekend with one redhead and ended the weekend with another redhead. I think I may have a problem here... Rutiluphilia[COLOR=#424242].
[/COLOR]
I first made contact with Charlie about 3 weeks ago when she posted on twitter about her excitement to tour Sydney and Adelaide (Adelaide now cancelled due to non committed punters). Send her a text inquiring if she still have any availability for Sydney and she responded with details. All she request to confirm the booking was a deposit of $50 an we are booked in for one hour.

Fast forward to a few days before the booking I send a text to Charlie to confirm if everything is still on plan and a last minute inquiry. On the day of the booking she texted me her CBD hotel details, and I can tell you she have a fine taste in accommodation. Charlie waited at the lobby of the hotel for me and I can say her photos don't do justice. We then head up to her room where we have a brief chat, a drink and I was offered a shower.

Out of the shower and the fun begins. Excellence BBBJ, DFK and very responsive to DATY and multiple position during sex. Charlie is very flexible as she encourage me to try a few position that I've never tried before. She is very friendly and will put anyone at ease.

I only have one regrets...... that's not making a longer booking. Our one hour booking flew by like no tomorrow. I can't wait for her to tour Sydney again or I may just have to just make a trip to see her in Melbourne. For punters in Adelaide you all missed out big time, as non of you that wanted to see her would put a deposit down.


