Thread Title: Charlotte Klein
Floor: #1
Post Time: 16th August 2016, 06:19 AM
Poster ID: iClover
Post Title: 
 Charlotte Klein
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Charlotte Klein 

Establishment : Private Escort 

Date of Visit : Late July 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://scarletblue.com.au/escort/charlotte-klein, 0413 565 795

Hours of Business : 8am-10pm most days

Rates : 1 hour = 600, 2 hours = 1100, 3 hours = 1600 4 hours = 2100 , overnight = 4000

Age : Mid 20's

Size/shape : 8

Nationality or Ethnicity : Caucasian / European Origin 

Services Provided : Check her services through the link provided.

Value for money/recommend? : I'll be seeing her again...

I came across Charlotte Klein's profile by chance one evening while going through the menu on Scarlett Blue. I was immediately drawn by her good looks..even though her face was blured, her lithe body and tanned skin seemed to attract me.

After taking everything into consideration, I decided to make a booking one evening after work to see Charlotte. 
Communication was all done via SMS....smooth and seamless. A time and date was set which suited us both.

The booking was for an early evening rendezvous, and on this particular evening it was bitterly cold, so to say that I was looking forward to this was an understatement.

Finding the address in the city was a breeze. I made my way to the required floor, and as soon as I stepped out of the elevator , I heard a voice call my name.

Charlotte was half hiding behind a door. I was immediately taken by her smile..beautiful with dimples. As she opened the door to let me in, I was impressed with what I saw. Charlotte possess a petite, tightly framed package wrapped in a mini skirt.

We had a glass of wine and engaged in idle chit-chat. She had a sexy accent and I later established her Dutch heritage. 
After the usual formalities, I had a shower before making my way to the bedroom.

The highlight of the evening was Charlotte's oral skills..simply amazing! She is also very responsive to the touch and her DFK was enough to get me hard. She also has an amazing arse, which is a sight to behold when she was riding me reverse cow girl.

In short I had a memorable evening with a European glamour who aims to please.


