Thread Title: Charlie Brown - Surry Hills - 0475 134 481
Floor: #1
Post Time: 21st February 2017, 09:11 PM
Poster ID: jono87
Post Title: 
 Charlie Brown - Surry Hills - 0475 134 481
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Charlie Brown

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : December 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : http://sydney.backpage.com.au/Female...-girl/19125487

Hours of Business : Contact PWL

Rates : $500 p/h

Age : 26

Size/shape : 8

Nationality or Ethnicity : Caucasion

Services Provided : CBBJ, DATY, Kissing, FS

Value for money/recommend? : Sitting on the fence. YMMV

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

This was my last punt for 2016. I' don't want to put other off but I wasn't really feeling into it, definitely at my end as I just have something bothering me at the back of my mind. 

Search for the number to see if anyone had seen her but nothing came out and decide to TOFTT. Charlie's service was exactly what she advertise. Passionate and client focused. Made the booking and arrived at her apartment. She was hiding behind the door when she open it.

Once inside I sort out the finance and had a quick chat while she offer me some drinks. Once that was taken off I head for a quick shower to freshen up. Once back into the room we started the session with passionate kissing and exploring each other body where she found herself giving me a CBJ (BBBJ is extra, kinda disappointed as for $500 you would think its included).

Even though its CBJ its actually not bad, this went on for a while before she hope on top for cowgirl and followed by missionary. Not long after this frenzy session I empty my load. We lay on the bed had a quick chat and she offered a massage to complete the session as there is a bit of time left. The massage was surprisingly good.

Finish off with a shower and back out to reality.

Would I return?? No for me at $500 p/h.


