Thread Title: Charlotte - Northmead - 0418 493 111
Floor: #1
Post Time: 16th October 2018, 12:13 PM
Poster ID: sleazyryder
Post Title: 
 Charlotte - Northmead - 0418 493 111
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Charlotte

Establishment : PML

Date of Visit : Sept 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 

Phone :0418 493 111

Hours of Business : 9am till 7pm Seven days by appointment only.

Rates : $60/ hr plus tips Gold Coin donation towards RACH Westmead.

Age : late 70's

Size/shape : Size 16 big floppy tits but don't go there unless you want the wrath of her tongue (not good)

Nationality or Ethnicity : French with attitude

Services Provided : Massage (Swedish relaxation) and tug

Value for money/recommend? : Yep always GVFM. Go to when all else fails

My experience/comments : Texted Charlotte and asked for an appointment. She is quick to reply.

Always berates you for not having seen her in some time. Doesn't really matter how good a client you have been she manages a niggle or three. (Just her nature) If you are sensitive then Charlotte is not the massage therapist you want to see.
She has a dedicated room in her Northmead house. She started out last millennium in Greystanes. She had a conflict with a neighbour so moved then sold. Was living in Parramatta East for a few years when behold she had a conflict with a neighbour and sold and moved to Northmead. If you are starting to sense a theme here then you should join the rocket scientist club of the bleeding obvious.
She has started having conflicts with her current neighbours so watch out for the For Sake sign!

Charlotte can be very obtuse and has no filter between her brain and her mouth.

Arrogant to the point of belligerence you are best being quiet when on her table and request music. 

Allowing her to earbash you about her latest concerns is far from relaxing.

Now the massage itself is quite good. She manages to cover most areas with sufficient pressure and the massage remains totally professional unless you request the finish at the start. Charlotte is flexible about the order in which you desire to come. She has seen a lot of cock and probably had a fair few but once you meet her that will likely be the last thing on your mind.
Fear not life presents many Educational opportunities. Charlotte is one of those.

She really is French. That means arrogant to a point. That point is very sharp.
If you are timid don't look into her eyes. Avoid direct eye contact and look at the floor a lot. 
Her tits are huge but you really don't want to see them. Don't ask don't tell. Is the theme of your visit if for the first time.

Charlotte advertises in the local Cumberland Newspapers. New Limited. So if she asks just say the Advertiser or the Local paper.

Now the ending is fairly standard fare but she knows how to edge but usually doesn't bother. She takes direction on pressure and speed. She is patient if you have issues. But there is always a limit so don't push it.

The handy is one of the better and more reliable ones around. She squeezes the last drop unless you request to stop.
Most of the time is spent on your front without a hint of what may come.

Charlotte is reliable and steady. She does not put up with any nonsense. She usually doesn't flinch if you grab her butt. However don't try for skin or you will become what you try for. Skinned that is.

As always she is YMMV and not everyone's  cuppa tea.


Enjoy.


This is the second qualifying review Note to Moderation .


Floor: #2
Post Time: 19th October 2018, 07:12 PM
Poster ID: Gavin
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
So, no blowjob then?


Floor: #3
Post Time: 20th October 2018, 12:31 AM
Poster ID: sleazyryder
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Gav I would like to say sadly no. But with Charlotte it would likely be a mangled mess if she ever got her choppers around your cock.

Charlotte would be way too busy complaining about something. The size of your cock. The time it takes you to spurt into the back of her tonsils... it would not be a pretty sight.

Arrogance personified. Just be grateful she doesn't do full service or indeed of language tuition.

It would be very different.eeww!

Sorry Charlotte but eeewwww!


