Thread Title: Charlotte - Rooty Hill - 0467 417 867
Floor: #1
Post Time: 30th November 2019, 12:26 PM
Poster ID: Max Bedroom
Post Title: 
 Charlotte - Rooty Hill - 0467 417 867
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Charlotte

Establishment : private

Date of Visit : late Nov

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://escortify.com.au/sydney-esco...charlotte-9846

Phone : 0467417867

Hours of Business : contact

Rates : 160/30 250/60

Age : ad says 39 (maybe a little bit more)

Size/shape : slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Caucasian dark hair

Services Provided : bbbj/sex

Value for money/recommend? : yes if you like the skinny milf look

My experience/comments :

Contacted Charlotte easily by text and arranged a visit. She's in a private house in a quiet area. No problems parking and following instructions.

Met by a slight sized milf bit of sun damage face but otherwise pretty fit and taut. She had shoulder length dark hair, tanned skin, skinny in a nice way. I found her attractive.

She was friendly and accommodating. I had asked for dfk and been told yes but in the end she stuck to affectionate. That's what you give your auntie. Oh well.

Charlotte was generous and good with the lips and fingers helping me over the line. In the shower then bit of a discussion about life. Back into the bright sunlight.

I might return. Enjoyable experience (except for the dfk which I am not having a lot of luck with).


Floor: #2
Post Time: 14th December 2019, 11:24 PM
Poster ID: Sanchez
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Charlotte

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : This week December.

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://escortify.com.au/sydney-esco...charlotte-9846

Phone :0467417867

Hours of Business : As per ad, depends on availability 

Rates : 250 per hour

Age : mid 40;s

Size/shape : petite body, fit, thin and milf belly, but nice.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : BBBJ, Massage, Covered Sex

Value for money/recommend? : Yes, as she is happy to work hard and makes sure you get what you need.

My experience/comments :Was thinking Lily, a few others on E & B but it was had no luck getting in contact, and when I did were busy. So saw Charlotte's ad and thought why not. Msg to see if available. Charlotte replied in an 15 mins, was quick, took another 15 to arrange a time. I called and we agreed. Charlotte works out of a private house. She meets me at the door and into the bedroom she shares in the house(it is not her house) As per the previous review. Charlotte is thin, mature, had sun and fun but it pretty and nice. We start with a some kissing, no tongue but its still passionate. Then onto her sucking my dick, she really gives it a nice suck and is very good. On goes the dom and she jumps on top and we have a nice fuck, then we move to doggie. I blow as she is tight and her arse look fantastic. After I blow Charlotte cleans me up and moves to a massage, it’s nice and Charlotte is caring and ties she gives a body slide with her cute little tits. Its nice after we finish I want a second round and Charlotte says off course, so more sucking and she jumps on top again. I am close to completing but ask to go missionary and she wraps her legs around me and grabs me tight. She likes being fucked hard and deep and I then blow. Time for a shower and as previous review Charlotte tells more of her story, She is very real and nice and it was a nice 75-80 min’s.
She is a great person and lovely women to spend time with, just be open minded and enjoy her company.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 15th December 2019, 01:40 AM
Poster ID: pashon8
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Sounds interesting. Hopefully will check her out at some stage


Floor: #4
Post Time: 11th January 2020, 12:13 PM
Poster ID: qvb
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Charlotte

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : Jan 2020.

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://escortify.com.au/sydney-esco...charlotte-9846

Phone :0467417867

Hours of Business : 7 Days, midday - midnight. See ad.

Rates : $160/30mins

Age : mid 40's

Size/shape : petite & fit.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : BBBJ, kissing, cfs, 

Value for money/recommend? : Yes / Yes

My experience/comments :

Contact with Charlotte was easy, she works out of a private house. I approach the house and she is already waiting at the door, she is as described in her ad and in the posts above. I find her attractive and I remember thinking "I'm looking forward to fucking this bird". She ushers me into the bedroom and we make the exchange and then I start rubbing her shoulders, move in for a kiss and she obliges. We make out, she starts rubbing my cock over my clothes while I feel her up, we start to strip off each others clothes and she offers a shower. I convince her to hop in with me and we continue, she gets on her knees and starts to give me a bbbj, I urge her to stand up and I go down on her while I massage her boobs, back and arse cheeks. She shuts off the shower, we dry up and get back to the bedroom. We continue kissing and then she grabs for a condom and we go for it. Her pussy was dripping wet and we didn't need much lube, I lasted about five minutes before blowing in the bag, her pussy felt great. 

Charlotte cleans me up and while I lay back enjoying the buzz she chats and we talk for about five mins before I get up, get dressed and get out. She's a nice person, is easy to talk with and has half a brain (which is why I like matures), All up I was there for about 40mins and she didn't rush me out the door. We clicked but as always, YMMV.


