Thread Title: Charm - Penrith - 0420 454 935
Floor: #1
Post Time: 12th June 2012, 03:27 PM
Poster ID: Binga
Post Title: 
 Charm - Penrith - 0420 454 935
				
Post Content: 
Below is a modified version of the Cracker ad I saw for Charm - this was updated today:


     
Contains a total of 2 media items. Page 1 out of 1 

 
call me 

 
call me 
 
hi there 





 
loading.... 





HI THERE MY NAME IS CHARM OFFERING FULL SERVICE AND EXTRAS PRIVATE PREMISSES SO IF YOU LIKE ME TOO SHOW YOU ALL MY EXPERINCE CALL ME.ALSO CATER FOR COUPLES I AM 54 BLONDE WITH GREEN EYES BUST 36D DRESS SIZE 12-14 PRICES RANGE FROM $60 TO $150 HOPE TO HEAR FROM YOU CHEERS CHARM



Given the wonders of Annabella who is in her 50's, and seeing some nice large breasts and a pic of her ass with some lips peeking out in her Cracker Ad, I decided to give Charm a try. Was a bit worried when I get a message when I am 30 seconds from her house saying "Dont worry about the car in my driveway, its just my kids"  Get there to see the kids in question slowly getting into a car and leaving from a rather run down looking place. Should really turn around here, but the little head takes over and I trudge indoors.

Charm is a short woman, who, size 12-14, round figure, with some lovely D cup breasts. We head into her room, hand over $80 for my 30 minutes, and when she disrobes I do not mind what I see in front of me from the chest down. Pussy is shaven and has a little bit of regrowth but is still nice. We get on the bed and she has no hesitation in diving in and starting a nice BBBJ. What I liked even more is that Charm positioned herself in a way that showed she wanted her pussy played with, which I duly did and received a very enthusiastic response.

Soon the dom was put on and Charm climed on for some reverse cowgirl, with a great view of her pussy being opened up as she rode. We alternated between this, some mish and some doggy, and she was quite into the whole session. Soon finished off and cleaned up, and was walked to the door.

An interesting expereince, but when it came down to the nitty gritty, she provided a good service. Not necessarily going to be the top of my list, but hey, I may go back if I need to add a little interest to my day!!


Floor: #2
Post Time: 15th June 2012, 02:54 PM
Poster ID: rubme
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Look like my missus tits! Err yucky.....


Floor: #3
Post Time: 15th June 2012, 04:02 PM
Poster ID: trapper
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
$80 for FS with BBBJ sounds good. seems to be some reasonably priced women out that way


Floor: #4
Post Time: 18th June 2012, 01:27 PM
Poster ID: pj80
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Gave this old duck a road test Friday night.
Must say her BBBJ is up there with the best of them and is worth see her just for that alone.
Another great stand out moment was when she mounted me reverse cowgirl and ride you giving you a great view of your cock entering her pussy. Her hand job was awesome as to was her rimming too and when you titty fuck her she loves taking you cock in her mouth too. Fucked her in nearly every position and even stuck my thumb up her arse as I fucked her doggie but wanted extra to stick my dick there. 
Finished off with a thick creamy load over her face, tits and the bed. A quick wipe off with a towel and was out the door.
Overall a great root and BBBJ for $80 
The only thing that may put punters off is that sge lives with her son and daughter which were there and you could hear them in the other room, but that made me just want to pound her harder.
Will be back!


Floor: #5
Post Time: 4th August 2013, 11:51 AM
Poster ID: Dr Strangelove
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Charm

Establishment : Private in Penrith

Date of Visit : August 2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0420454935

Hours of Business : 7 days till late

Rates : $80/30, $150/60

Age : at least 55

Size/shape : size 12-14, large breasts, blonde

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : BBBJ, FS

Value for money/recommend? : As almost always, read below

My experience/comments : Found myself out Penrith way last night. Felt the urge for something cheap so thought I'd give Charm a try. Must confess Celtic Kiarna was my first choice but she was not available / booked out. 

Booking was very easy, all via text. 

Showed up at her place at the appointed time and paid $80 for 30 mins.  

Charm is about a size 12, big boobs (always a plus), blonde, Australian and I'd say 55+. 

We both stripped and got on the bed. She was straight into the bbbj but made an attempt on the condom after 2 or 3 minutes! Wasn't letting her off that easy, but once I'd let her know I wouldn't cum in her mouth she was happy to continue. Her bbbj is quite good, certainly above average. 

Ten minutes of that passed and we got a condom on and I gave her a bit of a pounding in mish. She managed to come at which point I asked her to suck again. 

Only took a few minutes of bbbj for me to give her warning at which point she took a load on her tits. 

Cleaned up, dressed, chatted about the footy and departed. 

All up, she was more than ok, especially for the price. A little *too* mature for my liking so don't think I'd be back. But perhaps she might work for you if the age gap is a bit smaller.


