Thread Title: Charlotte Webbe - Touring Sydney from Melbourne - 0405 796 071
Floor: #1
Post Time: 19th August 2017, 12:37 PM
Poster ID: jono87
Post Title: 
 Charlotte Webbe - Touring Sydney from Melbourne - 0405 796 071
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Charlotte Webbe

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 16/8/17

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://scarletblue.com.au/escort/charlotte-webbe

Hours of Business : Best to email

Rates : From $300 p/h touring incall

Age : mid 20's

Size/shape : size 8

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : DFK, Shower for two, CBJ, DATY, 69, FS, HJ, GFE

Value for money/recommend? : YES! 

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

First off, apologise if I post this in the wrong section. Charlotte was touring Sydney for 2 days only, I first contact her last month when I notice her scarletblue profile advertising her touring. I send an email inquiring and she replied her availabilities. However the time that she originally proposed didn't suit me well. I told her that if she have any last minute cancellation to contact me. Fast forward last week I receive an email from Charlotte that she can see me at my original preferred time and day. A booking was made and I deposit a booking fee into her account. Charlotte is very professional with her email and text.

On the day of the booking Charlotte text me the street address and instruct me to call when I arrive for the house number. She greeted me at the door and she looks exactly, if not better than her profile pic (I could be bias as I like redheads  ). Handed over the remaining of her fees and she offered a shower. She informed me that she had a shower earlier but if I want, she can join me which I agreed. This was great as we started kissing in the shower and at the same time rubbing/ caressing each other.

Out of the shower, we proceed back to the bed where we continue more small chat and discusses what we like. This may be common sense (I didn't, until recently where I read a post in another forum) but when you meet a new WL for the first time its best to have this discussion as it makes the job much easy for the WL. Charlotte gave me a very good CBJ where I then return the favour with DATY which she enjoys. She then suggest we move into 69 to give my dick some attention again.

After this she hops on top to ride me CG for a few minutes and I suggest we change to mish. Charlotte notice that the condom wasn't fitting correctly and try to fine one that fit better to no success. Now I have been following her twitter and she did post about femidom which we did discuss earlier, she ask if I would like to try this instead. Haven't use them before I agreed and she puts it on and we continue in mish followed doggy which she enjoys.

We finish the session with me giving Charlotte a pearl necklace, also a first for me before we head to the showers together. Charlotte is very professional and is very eager to please her client.

I will be keeping an eye out for her next visit. Current she is in Orange but will be heading back to Melbourne in a few days.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 5th November 2017, 09:01 PM
Poster ID: jono87
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Charlotte Webbe

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 10-17

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://scarletblue.com.au/escort/charlotte-webbe twitter @charlotte_webbe

Hours of Business : please email directly

Rates : 350 p/h outcall

Age : mid 20's

Size/shape : slim size 8

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : GFE, DATY, CBJ, DFK, HJ, 

Value for money/recommend? : yes

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

This would be my first "fly in booking". After seeing Charlotte a few months ago, I message her if she will be touring Sydney any time soon? She said unfortunately Sydney wasn't on her radar, however she will be touring QLD and can do a pit stop on her way back to Melbourne just for me.

A date was fixed and I transfer a deposit to lock it in. What made this booking even more special was it coincide to be Charlotte's birthday the next day. Keeping this in mind I decide to do something special and took her out for dinner and some shopping (sex toy shopping to be exact as a birthday gift) What I really like about the night/our time together was our encounter feel like a genuine GFE experience, where we hug, cuddle & kiss, holding each other hands and the exciting topic of conversation just like a couple on a date night.

Once back in the bedroom the passion continue. It was exactly how I remember it the first time, fun and passionate!

I highly recommend making a booking with Charlotte either in her home town Melbourne or when she tour. We've already planned another booking with an additional player so keep an out out for that.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 7th November 2017, 12:12 AM
Poster ID: Jenna
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by jono87


We've already planned another booking with an additional player so keep an out out for that
"""



I'll be sure to!


