Thread Title: Cherry - Stanmore NSW - 0403 143 375
Floor: #1
Post Time: 4th March 2014, 09:49 PM
Poster ID: snoggs
Post Title: 
 Cherry - Stanmore NSW - 0403 143 375
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Cherry

Establishment: private apartment in Stanmore

Date of Visit: 28/2/2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: Cherry | Cherry Independent Escort cherrytreeresources.callgirlfiles.com | Home

Hours of Business: ring 

Rates: $300 half hour

Age: website says 32 passing for 28.  I'd say 36 passing for 32.

Size/shape: 5.4", size 10, nice curves

Nationality or Ethnicity: Caucasian, blonde

Services Provided: Full Service, CBJ

Value for money/recommend?: OK value for money - was winding me up at 30 min

My experience/comments:

Hi all here is my first review on this site with a lovely lady. I came across Cherry after a late night search on Locanto.  Have been a bit dubious about girls on this site but she had great pictures so thought I’d take the punt!

I texted Cherry the next morning and got a quick response.  We arranged to meet in an hour's time for a 30 min booking.  I prefer to try a new lady on a short booking to check the chemistry and how genuine her pics/ad is. I asked if she offered any early morning specials she said that if I was a good boy she might let me stay a little longer.  All easy so far.  She gave me a street number on Parramatta Rd and an iconic landmark building.  

I parked close by and went to find the place.  She texted me to give her another half an hour.  No problem I was still finding the apartment.  But I couldn't find it anywhere. I spent about half an hour walking around Paramatta Rd in Camperdown trying to find a non-existent address.  Her phone went to voicemail and texts weren't answered.  I was starting to think "a wasted morning".  But eventually she called me back and gave me better directions.  Turns out her landmark building was nowhere near - I even had to move the car to get closer.  By the time I got there it was an hour after our originally arranged time.  So a quick punt was turning into a whole morning epic – lucky I had the day off!

Got the appt number and she promptly answered the buzzer.  When she opened the door I was very pleased to see a very sexy girl in sexy lingerie standing in front of me.  Arranged financials and had a quick shower. 

I was pleased to find she she gives enthusiastic DFK.  And we spent quiet a time kissing. I have unusual kink, her ad indicated BDSM play and she was very enthusiastic.  We peeled our clothes off in stages to build intensity.  She has lovely full boobs which I really enjoyed sucking.  

Removed her panties and was met with a full bush - not was I was expecting.  I prefer clean shaved or a landing strip (at least clean lips), so I wasn't that keen of DATY.  She gave me covered blow job - which was OK but I'm not a huge fan of CBJ so we moved to doggy and missionary.  

At this point she told me my time was just about up and that she had another booking, but if I wanted to pay to extend she could "delay the other booking".  Given I was close I just asked for another five min to finish to up which she asked for $50.  I thought this was a bit rich given the stuff around I had in finding her place.  So we finished up hand job and COB (on breasts) which was pretty hot.

She has a cheeky personality and is fun to be with.

Overall, Cherry is one sexy lady and I had a good time her.


