Thread Title: Chloe Moore - Sydney - 0422 917 531
Floor: #1
Post Time: 10th February 2013, 03:13 PM
Poster ID: lostclarity
Post Title: 
 Chloe Moore - Sydney - 0422 917 531
				
Post Content: 
Persons Name: Chloe Moore

Establishment: Private Inner City Apartment, Sydney

Date: January

Contact Details : ww.naughtyreviews.com/escorts/chloe-moore-sydney-white-female

Hours: By appointment

Rates:$1250 2 hours

Age:25

Size : 6-8 AA-B cup

Nationality : Australian

Services : BBBJ, DFK, DATY, Anal (extra)

Tattoo's : 1 or 2 smallish

Value ; Couldnt ask for more.

I contacted Chloe by email and ask that i shower in advance and that our meeting kick right off as a g/f type experience.
She answered the door in lingerie as requested, we immediately started to kiss deeply and moved from the hall to the bedroom, i placed the envelope on the table and she pushed me back onto a chair and unzipped my fly and pulled my already hard cock out and looking into my eyes took it in her mouth.
She worked on it for some time before i needed some respite and got up and completely disrobed and moved onto the bed, i slid my hand into her knickers to feel a tight wet pussy.
I went down on her and she loved it, lifting off the bed and coming several times.
She told me she had a naughty streak and pulled out a dildo but told me to turn around and preceded to rim me which felt awesome.
I turned around to watch her dildo disappear into her pussy and she then took my balls in her mouth as she played with the dildo.
She told me she loved doggie and in front of the mirrored wardrobe i fucked her from behind until i was ready to come and she knelt down and i sprayed it on her boobs, which are smallish by the way.
Great girl to talk to and open minded, later had some anal play as well with me fucking her arse which again she came hard.
Outstanding!!!


Floor: #2
Post Time: 10th February 2013, 05:09 PM
Poster ID: lostclarity
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
The Chloe Moore i saw is not Chloe from Moore Park, i can assure you


