Thread Title: Chloe -   Penrith - 0403 554 277
Floor: #1
Post Time: 30th November 2016, 12:05 PM
Poster ID: james31
Post Title: 
 Chloe -   Penrith - 0403 554 277
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Chloe


 Establishment : Private, flat in Penrith


Date of Visit : 30-11-16


Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0403554277

?10000% REAL Photos ?? SEXY Babe ? College SWEETHEART ? SPECIALS ?? - Sydney escorts - cracker.com.au


Hours of Business : 8am to 9pm


Rates : 200ph, +50 BBBJ and CIM


Age :  30's


Size/shape : Size 10, nicely toned, B cups, quite pretty


Nationality or Ethnicity : Japanese/Korean


Services Provided : BBBJ, DATY, FS, CIM


Value for money/recommend? :  Not for me


My experience/comments :  This is a new round of ads that  have popped up promising the hottest babes that do it all ( inc BBFS ) etc etc in the Penrith area.

I have been burned previously but if you are like me and always wanting to try something new then this ad piqued my interest particularly because of the pics attached, of course you guessed it the pics are fake but on the plus side Chloe was quite attractive greeting me at the door in her lingerie.

The place is a rental on Thurston st which is one street over from Jessie/Fiona's on Roberts rd, the unit is a dump nothing in it apart from a matress, it looked to me that there was not a set of fresh towels like most places , I was lucky as I was there at 8:30am and used the towel first, sorry for those that came after me !

Chloe was nice enough, she gave a great BBBJ lots of slurping on my cock, DATY was good and she responded well asking to be fucked once she got work up, on with the DOM and what proceeded was a nice slow fuck in mish, she likes it slow and deep and asked me to hug her and in a while she started to cum and wanted me to kiss her which was nice, definitely not a fake cum and she left lovely creamy pussy goo everywhere.  Off with the dom and finished in her mouth ( no swallow ).


It was a nice enough experience but for $250 all up there is better value at Jessie's around the corner where I can get the same service for not much over $150 and there are clean towels there.

Like I said if you like trying new girls she is there for a week or so and then they will move on to some other area with the fake ads,   she gave me her real number as the number in the ad is her handler who by the way has a voice that sounds like it matches the pics in the ad, young and Australian which is unusual. A search of the number shows that they pop up in Canberra and other regional areas.

Not really recommended but I have had much worse from other bait and switch ads, on the plus side you can sneak in a quick fuck or blow and go before work since she starts at 8 !


Floor: #2
Post Time: 30th November 2016, 12:24 PM
Poster ID: copul8er
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks or TOFTT James.
I have seen this before too and thought it might be a bait situation too


