Thread Title: Chloe - Private - Parramatta -  Phone 0450 137 275
Floor: #1
Post Time: 19th June 2016, 10:46 PM
Poster ID: beast18
Post Title: 
 Chloe - Private - Parramatta -  Phone 0450 137 275
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Chloe

Establishment: private

Date of Visit: 19/6/16

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: Phone 0450137275  http://sydney.cracker.com.au/FemaleE...37275/16401124

Hours of Business: unknown

Rates: $150 half hour, $300 hour

Age: 30s

Size/shape: Size 10

Nationality or Ethnicity: Singapore asian

Services Provided: Full Service

Value for money/recommend?: Definitely Not!

My experience/comments:

Was feeling a bit i needed a bit more at the end of the week so decided to go around the local area for something without having to trek all the way into the city. Unfortunately there isn't much in the west on Sundays so had to trawl through a very short list. Found an ad on cracker First Time In?PARRAMATTA?Gorgeous gurl,Always Horny , +61450137275 - Sydney escorts - cracker.com.au  which looked promising, young hot cheap etc, decided to give it ago. texted "chloe" and got a confirmation for 9pm, so drove there, parked and waited... and waited... and waited....... until 10pm (warning sign number 1). serious no joke so many delays.  i should have left just then and called it a night but decided to give a last ditch call since i was already there and somewhat desperate for a root. she picked up and told to go to the door, so decided fuck it give it a go..

went through the doors, elevator etc and met her.. she was leggy, older though mid-30s, and okay-ish in looks, she had great legs though so i was really tossing up whether to stick around or not. decided to do it, i mean was "only" $150 for 30mins, so showered etc., she begins by giving CBJ, which is good, but she just seems so unenthusiastic. after a short few minutes she asks if i want sex, and i say maybe a bit later, so she sucks me a few times and then gets me up to do her missionary... which im not that keen on since im already tired and dont want to do the work. ask her to do cowgirl and shes not that keen. so we give it a few pumps and go for a bit but im so fuck tired and not interested she has to give me a HJ (which im not really enjoying), and she gives me a quick oral to get me up while we attempt cowgirl for a bit... but shes just so lazy and tired that im like fuck this, just finish doggystyle with 10minutes left.... and i cant, its just a shitty fuck because for a working lady to say no , or not give you what you wanted mid-fuck when you agreed, when you paid for it at the start, its such a let down. so i didnt event finish just left because it was wasting my time and energy. 

i guess you get what you pay for yadda yadda for 150 quid, theres not the best, but sometimes theres some decent ones out there, and i guess sometimes you just hit badly. i would say never go out when youre desperate when theres no choice like Sundays late. and also trust gut instincts if shes not enthusiastic and welcome to meet you at the start it may end up really shit.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 20th June 2016, 02:31 PM
Poster ID: unclepj
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks Beast
Saved me some wasted money LOL
Better luck next time 
Unc


Floor: #3
Post Time: 20th June 2016, 09:14 PM
Poster ID: ColKilgore
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by beast18


i guess you get what you pay for yadda yadda for 150 quid, theres not the best, but sometimes theres some decent ones out there, and i guess sometimes you just hit badly. i would say never go out when youre desperate when theres no choice like Sundays late. and also trust gut instincts if shes not enthusiastic and welcome to meet you at the start it may end up really shit
"""



Similar to going food shopping on an empty stomach, you end up buying junk 'n shite if ya not careful!

Thanks for the report Beast, 

Kilgore.


