Floor: #1
Post Time: 9th October 2019, 07:24 PM
Poster ID: deepthroat
Post Title: 
 Christina - North Ryde - 0421 789 075    Another Bait/Switch
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Crystal

Establishment : Private North Ryde

Date of Visit : 9 October 19

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://m.locanto.com.au/sydney/ID_3...CIATE-YOU.html

But then when I get to a computer the same pictures belong to a girl of the same name who has very quickly moved to Newtown

https://geelong.locanto.com.au/ID_39...obs-Kinky.html

Phone : The North Ryde Girl 0421 789 075

Hours of Business : Various 

Rates : 30/150  60/230

Age : 20's

Size/shape : 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Claims Polish(Photos are stunning and believable) but looks Korean (Door Opener)

Services Provided : I walked 

Value for money/recommend? : Just another Asian using fake photos and promises

My experience/comments : So with Auxxx open, skimming E&B and Locanto I see this profile of a young beautiful not Asian girl, yep I didn't believe either so, I send a text asking to confirm pictures with a selfie and confirm Nationality, I get a good face selfie back of same girl in ad, and confirms she is from Poland. Also tells me Delhi Road in North Ryde, so I hop on the train. I'm feeling pretty smug right now, I've confirmed not Asian, she is real and it all looks great. I do the usual apartment buzz in, its a large apartment block at xx Delhi road (No privacy with the address there are a few 100 apartments there just above the new Metro.) So door opens... you ahead of me aren't you!! FMD an Asian I guess Korean, she is in heels a transparent teddy and has a good body, but I'm mad as a box of cut fish!! I show her the picture? Say where is "Crystal" She is apologetic says, "She's my friend, not here today" Not angry with the girl, just the puppet masters who dupe us. So I walk. 

Then I get home to write this and find the same photo set are in Blacktown! I've added them as they are of a great looking girl, but she isnt working in Sydney, If just one of my punting brothers passes her ads by then I've saved someone a trip across town etc. I never found out what the Enrish speaking Korean was like, I guess a bit of FOAM and a reasonable job, she had a slim frame a nd nice B Cups, but it's not the point is it.

Guess this why its called punting and calling out the fake ads as as important as say another glowing review of Jenna. You know if I only planned a little, did not act on the impulse of "junior" I could have save all the wasted punt money and had an overnight with Miss Jenna!!!
						



 Attached Images


Floor: #2
Post Time: 9th October 2019, 09:10 PM
Poster ID: personaa
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
It can be quite frustrating, they think as long as you get there then they have the business, happened to me once a while back. Basically with that price range for a private, you are guaranteed a scam. Lesson for me was simply avoiding unknown privates. But I think if you were still keen, you could have negotiated a better deal with the same girl. I think it's still a good bet!


Floor: #3
Post Time: 10th January 2020, 11:26 PM
Poster ID: Jonmhale93
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
What I've found is that a lot of these scammers have a specific price range. From the top of my head it's usually 30 mins: $130.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 10th January 2020, 11:49 PM
Poster ID: Max Bedroom
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by Jonmhale93


What I've found is that a lot of these scammers have a specific price range. From the top of my head it's usually 30 mins: $130
"""



Yep. It's like the low end of the market. If it looks too good especially for the services it probably is. Also if it's quite hard to get to, they choose locations like that so you've made some effort.

I've walked from a switch in Sussex St. Also Hurstville, fuming because I'd gone a long way. Another time in Green Square I stayed and did a kind of hate fuck. 

Not the girls fault. Their bosses advertise and we come like flies.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 14th January 2020, 09:14 AM
Poster ID: pashon8
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Another reason why I got a burner phone in case I need to walk away.


