Thread Title: Christina Joy 0449 898 695
Floor: #1
Post Time: 19th July 2016, 04:17 PM
Poster ID: Bob64
Post Title: 
 Christina Joy 0449 898 695
				
Post Content: 
I was scanning through scarletblue last week and came across this lady. Although have noticed she is not on it this week. She does have her own website www.misschristinajoy.com
She is a tall blond lady with D size boobs, very pretty face and body size 12-14.
She has an appartment in Bondi and I noticed she will do early bookings so texted for a 8:00am session. Got a reply back within a few hours and booked for the next day.
$350.00 for the hour of full service. She opened the door and she is very much as her photos are on her website. Lovelly Dutch accent. Paid my monies and stripped off and straight into Dfk. She loves to kiss and is a very good kisser.
Then we lay down on the bed where I licked and sucked on her nipples which she loved and made my way down to a smooth pussy and licked her sweet honeypot. She was going off and getting very wet, leaving a nice wet patch on the sheets. I was ready to get round one done, so on with the dom and straight into mish were I pumped away until I filled the bag. Quick clean up and straight into round two. Lots more kissing, cbj which was very nice and for as long as I wanted. She then climbed ontop for cowgirl, not her best position but but she got me off for round two.
Round three strted with a massage, more cbj and me dining on her pussy, before the dom was on again and I was inside for mish and pumped away until I was spent and the bag had a deposit.
Clean up and chat about her uni and travels around Oz.
Very easy to get along with.
I would estimate she is late 20 early 30.
Wont be everyones cup of tea as she is not slim, but I was happy with what I got. She is no clock watcher and I probably could have taken it easier and stayed longer, but meeting in town was required.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 19th July 2016, 09:54 PM
Poster ID: virgincock01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
visted Christina on her tour to ACT, great company. Love big girls, nice tits n ass, doesn't find a booty slap...can't wait to see her again


Floor: #3
Post Time: 20th July 2016, 03:10 PM
Poster ID: WOTAN01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by virgincock01


visted Christina on her tour to ACT, great company. Love big girls, nice tits n ass, doesn't find a booty slap...can't wait to see her agai
"""



vc, I cannot find your review of Christina, can you post the link to it please


