Thread Title: christina  - Sydney CBD - 0423 700 761
Floor: #1
Post Time: 17th December 2015, 11:30 AM
Poster ID: karatekid
Post Title: 
 christina  - Sydney CBD - 0423 700 761
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Christina

Establishment : 

Date of Visit : November some time

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : ???STOP? If you love big ASS & TITTIES!! Hot sexy latina Christina!! Anal 100$!!Wach my video?! - - Sydney escorts - backpage.com 
Hours of Business : 

Rates : 400 per hour

Age : mid to late 20s

Size/shape : as advertised

Nationality or Ethnicity : latina

Services Provided : as advertised

Value for money/recommend? : 
 Great value. Very recommended.
My experience/comments :
Texted her at about 8 in the morning and asked if she as available later on that morning and she replied promtly and we arranged a time and she gave me the address.
I got to her flat which was reasonably clean and decent after a working all evening(I spent lot of that time deciding who I was gonna get up after work). She greeted me in some lingerie and a see thru gown. She gave me a towel and I had a quick shower(shower was clean and decent too).
I got out and she asked for the money after which she flung her arms around me and tongue raped my mouth as her fingers and hands ran up and down my back neck and head. I picked her up off the ground as she wrapped her legs around my waist and squeeled, after a while we sat on the bed and she straddled me as we continued kissing as I started caressing her legs back and ass. I sucked her nipples，kissed her natural breasts as reached back and started jacking me off. After a few moments she got off me and started with the bbbj while I rubbed her clit and pussy. She saw that I enjoyed rubbing her so she moved her pelvis closer to me so I lifted one her legs over my head and we started the 69. This is when her head game kicked off. As I isolated and sucked her clit and rubbed her asshole with my thumb she started gagging on my knob as her lips got to the base of my dick and her nose was in my sack. I must say it was amazing, I don't know if she does that all the time or if my clit servicing spurred her on to that glory but yeah it was fkn tops. After a bit more of that she straddled me again and rubbed the underside of my knob on her pussy and said in her sexy latino accented broken english "you want this sex". I smiled and nodded and said yes as she reached over the to the bedside table for the condom and put it on me. She straddled me again and slid it up her self and started ridding me as our hips to work in unison. We kissed as our bodies pulsated together like the beating heart of some sordid comic book sex demon. My hands moved all over her body from her hair to her thighs to the back of her neck but eventually gravitated to her tight but loosening ringlet. My teen years spent watching John Stagliano/Rocco vhs videos started to take over and it began to manifest itself in my deviant behaviour. I looked at her while I rubbed her anus and said "we can do this one now?" she said yes and jumped off me and on to all fours and arched her supple back and pointed her ass up to the heavens from where it came. I slid my dick back into her pussy while I admired her hairless asshole but couldn't help myself and after a while of doggy style pussy fucking I jumped back and dove my tongue deep in to her ass with out warning. She flattened out into prone position as my skull slammed back and forth in to her pelvis as though I were in a mosh pit， I could feel the bridge of my nose hit her tailbone as both my hands spread her cheeks. The tone of her whorish sex moaning changed when I took my dick out of her pussy and put my tongue her ass. Hints of grunting and notes of uncertainty and surprise were apparent. After a while I let her up and looked into the small gape I had made as she lifted her ass high again and kept her head and shoulders on the bed. She reached for a pack of lube and began rubbing it in to her self while I jacked off and watched. I then rubbed my head on it and let it slowly slide in. I looked at myself in the mirror and smiled in contentnent. My strokes started of slow as I could hear here breathing was deep but increased gradually to the point where my sack was slamming into her pussy. I could tell she wasn't really enjoying it but her commitment and 1st generation immigrant work ethic more than made up for it. I pushed her forward 'til she was almost prone again and started fucking her perky ass in a pushup plank position while she spread her cheeks for me. This didn't last long though，no more than a minute as sweat really started to drip off me. I moved back and pulled her off the bed and stood up for a while and fucked her standing for a while but the planking took it's toll as I was breathing heavily and softening. I pulled out and lay on the bed and we started kissing and fondelling again while I relaxed. She took the condom off and started sucking me again， I through her leg over me and started sucking her clit again and she started putting my dick as deep as it could go into her throat. She put a condom back on me slid it back up her pussy and rode me，this time she did all the work and started to clamp down on me with her pc muscles. I pulled her off me and turned her over and started tongue fucking her ass again. After I was satisfied I lay down and told her to hop back on me in reverse cowgirl and put it back in her ass. She did and rode me while spreading both her cheeks with her hands so I didn't miss the view. After a while I sat up and repositioned ourselves into doggy while keeping my knob in her，I then fucked her 'til I exploded in the condom and fell over drenched in my own sweat. I took a few minutes before I caught my breath but while I did that she was toweling me off as I was contemplating what we had just done. I started chatting with her and she made a great effort with her limited english. She asked me if I wanted a back rub and I said sure(she was probably fed up of trying to speak english) and I turned over and enjoyed the last 15 mins of my stay with her as she hands went over me. After that I jumped back in the shower and got out feeling great. She came over to me and kissed me again and thanked me as I thanked her. 
I walked ot of there with out the $400 Id walked in with but fealt like a million. The only regret I had was going there so tired，next time I'll make sure Im well rested so I can at least get 2 loads out.


