Thread Title: Chris - Rhodes - 0451 691 652
Floor: #1
Post Time: 29th June 2019, 06:26 AM
Poster ID: dudhero
Post Title: 
 Chris - Rhodes - 0451 691 652
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Chris

Establishment : near rhodes station

Date of Visit : 10/6/2019

Contact Details/Address link: https://au.skokka.com/escorts/sydney...t97m266266651/


Hours of Business : 10am till late

Rates : $180 45 mins

Age : looked 22

Size/shape : C cup, slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Cbj, shower, full

Value for money/recommend? : yes baby

My experience/comments :

Decided to do a quick visit near rhodes saw chris' pic was so hot for me. Glad she picked up and arranged visit. As i met her pics where legit. Went into room and paid for 45mins for 2 cum. Went for shower and when i got back she was ready too. She wore red dress with no panties on. Fck me. She came unto me and rub her tits unto my face as i sat on the edge of the bed. I rubbed her pussy and spread her buttcheek as i look at her sweet anus on the mirror behind her. 

She dropped on her knees and sucked my dick so heavenly. She smiled and ask if she wants me to fck her or suck me all the way. I said lie down. She spread her legs and masterbated in front of me. Like a teenage horny girl. It was so good to look at i could have just finished myself looking at her. I went on top of her and fcked her missionary. She was fckn tight. She moaned so hard as she push me slighlty
Away in every thrust. I couldnt hold myself with what i am seeing that i came after a few
Mins. It felt so good cumming inside her that she didnt let me pull out my dick as we lay there. 

Had a bit of chat until she gave me a handjob while teasing to lick my penis without dom. I teased back saying try it. She said $50 more for bbbj. Damn it. Not long till junior went on ravage strong again. Hard on in front of her face as i imagine cumming on her sweet lips. Dom on again and a very long blowjob. Did cow girl and doggy her in front of the mirror. I couldnt release myself this time. Due to stress and unconscious guilt, i said to stop and finish. But she said  no no, i boom boom you okay. She asked me to lie down and she sat on my reverse. I could see her anus wide open as she sway herself in and out of my cock. Fck i was in heaven. She was enjoying herself i think as she was masterbating herself while on top of me. I tried to in her anal but she said no. Too bad. But damn i was ready to explode. After a few mins i climaxed. She lay on me as i penis throbbed. 

Shower and exit. She kissed me and said her thanks. 

I will come back yes. But she said she will only be there for a month.


