Thread Title: Ciccarelli - Sydney East - 0450 414 402
Floor: #1
Post Time: 27th March 2015, 10:17 PM
Poster ID: lone stranger
Post Title: 
 Ciccarelli - Sydney East - 0450 414 402
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Ciccarelli

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : March 2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0450414402 STUNNING BRAZILIAN/ ITALIAN TOP MODEL AMAZING BODY-REAL SIZE EE QUALITY SERVICES - Sydney escorts - cracker.com.au

Hours of Business : unsure

Rates : 350/hr  plus extras

Age : late 20s

Size/shape : 5'10" size 12 EE boobs

Nationality or Ethnicity : Spanish/Italian

Services Provided : FS Anal CBJ

Value for money/recommend? : no

My experience/comments :

Her photos look much better than she does. I must have seen another ad which I now cant find. in it I misread that all extras were 100. it turns out that each extra is 100. she didn't talk on the phone and only accepted texting which I hate. you only get half the details so I blame myself partly. she is as described and the service was basic. I paid extra for anal and she has a tight ass. fucking her pussy was not as good. CBJ was ok. it was a very ordinary experience and I wont be back. I put it down to another dud Cracker ad.
LS


Floor: #2
Post Time: 28th March 2015, 08:01 AM
Poster ID: nextlif
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Ciccarelli's advert....





			
				I'm a true independent top class companion, elite courtesan. I'm a hot, naughty and sweet lady with magnetic grey blue eyes, gorgeous black hair,Tall 5'10 VERY SLIM SIZE 12/ BIG BOOBS XXL extremely soft skin, clean (don't smoke) a Latin/ Europien mixture. I'm very well educated and traveled interesting young lady. 
I'm confident, sophisticated, passionate and highly sensual. I believe to do the most is possible in about everything in life. My attitude will be a reflection of your own attitude. 
All the favorites listed are provided,however some are totally subject to hygiene, the standard of which I reserve the right to establish. 


I have the gift to make others happy and it makes me feel good if you are happy! 
I am a well-balanced nice person who enjoyful to spend time with and always care about others. 
I always do my best to satisfie your needs and give you an unforgettable experience. 
lovely sweet big lips to a delicious french kiss. 
The most exotic face as a Latin style. 
Amazing long natural dark hair for a nice teasing. 
Fantastic big natural boobs size 36 EE for a wonderful Spanish . 
Long nails in red color or maybe in french manicure. 
If you we prefer I taller that I m can provide a classical Loubourtin hells. 
Can be a prefect in a GFE. 
Lovely nice big bum for a Anal passions 
Or a very professional mistress (DOMINATION) 
Call me a bit in advance for a pre booking. 
First times Clients will be really welcome. 
Treat my gentlemans very good. 
High classe with a lovely manners escort. 

SPEAK: 
English 
Italian 
Spanish 
French 
Germany


Floor: #3
Post Time: 6th September 2015, 05:19 PM
Poster ID: robertsecrets
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Sorry mate went to check but you most to have donne something to her coz she is one the best services I ever had in Sydney. She does have a incredible body, very sweet acts, her's BBJ was makes me blow so quick, I couldn't control but she top me up as we had sex tree times in a hour. Shame I didn't have a good time x


Floor: #4
Post Time: 6th September 2015, 05:25 PM
Poster ID: robertsecrets
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Sorry shame YOU didn't had a good time.
I had a Really GOOD TIME with her x


Floor: #5
Post Time: 6th September 2015, 06:59 PM
Poster ID: FrankieLee
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Looks like the costs are significantly more now too:

https://scarletblue.com.au/escort/danny

Still not sure if that explains why RobertSecrets is blowing kisses at LoneStranger x


Floor: #6
Post Time: 6th September 2015, 07:24 PM
Poster ID: andrewblake
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Maybe "she" does t realise that her "cover" is blown.. 

An explanation from "Danny" might suffice?.. 

Please explain.. 

AB


In love with..


Floor: #7
Post Time: 6th September 2015, 09:08 PM
Poster ID: FrankieLee
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I do believe you may be correct AB x


Floor: #8
Post Time: 7th September 2015, 05:51 PM
Poster ID: robertsecrets
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I do reliase her price has been change as well. 
Mess her this morning she does charge the same amount from her text mess.
Fair enough I to busy,working loads don't really have much time to stay her discuss about all working gals to be honest.
Such shame people judge that gals, haven't got meet then yet to prove, I going to see her again tonight that all.
see ya x


Floor: #9
Post Time: 7th September 2015, 06:11 PM
Poster ID: Dr Strangelove
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I love how the signing something off with an "x" can become so ingrained into a ladies psyche that she can't turn it off when pretending to be a bloke.


Floor: #10
Post Time: 7th September 2015, 06:13 PM
Poster ID: ytrewq
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by Dr Strangelove


I love how the signing something off with an "x" can become so ingrained into a ladies psyche that she can't turn it off when pretending to be a bloke
"""



Auto correct is a mofo

Sent from my Nexus 5 using Tapatalk


