Floor: #1
Post Time: 24th May 2018, 08:55 AM
Poster ID: Kidnstrait
Post Title: 
 Cindy/Jenny - Werrington/Penrith - 0416 301 009
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Cindy

Establishment : Private Residence owned by Angela, the 33 year old korean lady

Date of Visit : 23/5/2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0416301009. Used to be advertised on Cracker, but I just have the number now

Hours of Business : 9 to 10 

Rates : 80 1/2 hour, 140 1 hour FS, 60 1/2 hour Massage with HE

Age : Mid 30s

Size/shape : Very average, almost flat chest, unshaved, very average face.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Japanese

Services Provided : FS

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

So I wanted to see Angela who provided good service for me in the past. I have seen threads about her on here talking about taking cream pies which I am always vary of, but for me she only provided protected service. So anyway, I text her and she says she is not working anymore but has a new girl every day. She sent me the pic of a cute Japanese girl 27 years of age but it was a fake pic.

I arrived at the appointed time, Angela let me in and settled financials and led me upstairs, while explaining that she is too old and tired to do FS now and does the occassional massage. So now she has a new girl working every day. I get undressed and in walks Cindy, and I was hugely disappointed. She was very short but bubble and gave me a good hug. Hmmm getting warmer. She said "Shower when finished" and motioned me to the bed and started a very firm massage. She focused on most parts, identified and knots and worked hard to get them out. I have had better massages and didnt go for one, but she made me realize how sore and tired I had been and I appreciated the body rub. She has soft hands that are not calloused from over use. She tickled me under my arms and cackled like a witch which was very weird but then turned me over. 

"Condom OK?" she asks. Of course, I wouldnt risk anything. So the dom comes on on a yet to get hard dick from all the surprises and she gave me a very nice CBJ. Very gently lip lock and tongue action lots of slurping and took it all the way in. Not full blown deep throat but close enough. A few minutes of this and she says "You fuck me" and gets into missionary. I am happy to blow at this point so finished off as hard as I wanted to and she took it all with some sexy moans and encouragement to fuck her hard. Blew in a few minutes, got showered and walked downstairs. It was good to see her jump in the shower as soon as I had finished. Clean place, I take it. 

On my way down, Angela asks for feedback. I just said "Nice" and walked out. I was satisfied. A half decent massage and BJ for $80 despite it not being very memorable but otherwise safe, clean and uneventful is value for money in my book.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 7th June 2019, 10:07 AM
Poster ID: Threepoint14
Post Title: 
 Jenny - Werrington - 0416 301 009
				
Post Content: 
Name: Jenny

 Private House Werrington

 Phone: 0416301009

 Date of Visit: 18.05.19

 Hours of business : 10am till late 

Rates : 30mins - $80 40mins - $100 60mins -$150

Age : 40 +

Size/shape : 6-8

Nationality or Ethnicity : korean

Services Provided : full service  

Value for money/recommend? : yes 

My experience/comments : Decided to try this lady out after see her ad on Locanto website. Easy contact but she asks for you to actually call her which is no drama. Text you the address, which is opposite the Werrington Train station plenty of parking is available. She opened the door and I was actually quite surprised she is very bubbly and attractive woman. Takes me upstairs to her bedroom and we chat about the election. I pay for one hour $150 which is very reasonable rate. I take shower and she provides nice back wash and checks my cock out (health check). She proceeds to give me a nice wash which helps me relax. On to the bed for a nice massage and she is all over me rubbing herself against me and i can feel she is enjoying herself. Her breasts are nice and "perky" with large nipples. I start to kiss and lick her nipples which are by now erect. She starts to play with my cock and brings me to attention quite quickly. I stand up and she start to suck my cock with great gusto. I get her to kneel on the bed doggie style and view her nice shave pussy. She puts condom on me and away we go.  fucking her hard from behind she seemed to take my cock no problem. I get her to fuck me reverse cowgirl and blow in the bag. She cleans me up and i take shower. Very good experience will visit again.

Cheers


