Thread Title: CindyJ - Sydney CBD - 0402 512 487
Floor: #1
Post Time: 6th October 2014, 01:19 PM
Poster ID: Johndeercio
Post Title: 
 CindyJ - Sydney CBD - 0402 512 487
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Cindy aka Sophie 

Establishment : PWL also associated with Late Night Babes

Date of Visit : 27/9/14

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : *** Cindy J *** is back in Sydney... Long Weekend SEXY, FILTHY and FLIRTY! - sydney escorts - backpage.com 

https://www.latenightbabessydney.com...-ladies/sophie

Hours of Business : assuming from 11am

Rates : $400 ph

Age : 25

Size/shape : 6

Nationality or Ethnicity : pommie

Services Provided : DFK, DAtY, BBBJ, DT, CIM

Value for money/recommend? : yes

My experience/comments :

Had been keen to hook up with Kylie from late night babes, but couldn't quite get a booking locked in. Thought CIndy would make a great backup plan and decided to contact her directly through her backpage add and not the agency.

Sorted the booking for lunch that day. I was the last for the week so she extended the hotel to accommodate. While I was concerned she may be shagged out, my fears were quickly allayed though a series of cheeky and very witty txt exchanges. She sounded like fun,,, anticipation providing a distraction at work.

She came down to meet me in the foyer of a cool hotel on Sussex. We had a little joke about tourist activities with the concierge. Funny chick. First impression was great. Slightly slimmer than I was expecting. In a good way. I reckon she's closer to a size 6 than 8.

The room was modern and clean. She offered me a drink and we said cheers, all the while continuing the cheeky banter.

I've had some of the best GFE DFK experiences ever over the last month. Cindy was great. Passionate and unreserved.

The photos on her back page add and late night babes are representative, but she's probably a bit hotter than they depict.

DATY was fun. She is responsive and floods when it's real. She claims she doesn't normally cum with clients but I suspect that's rehearsed. 

bBBJ was great. DT good but not as filthy PSE as gianna, or as cock worshiping as Ella who I reviewed in the same week.

The whole experience was super. Highlight for me though was the bdsm asphyx play. Also probably watching her frig that clit for the duration.

She related some stories about after party horniness where she masturbated for 5 hours. I could easily see that! We chatted a bit about common punting experiences. Very easy to chat to. Not verbose.

While YMMV, for me a satisfying and excellent punt. I may just prefer Ella for special reasons, but I would definitely see her again.





			
				Hello Sydney....
I'm back and this time it is definelty with a bang 
I am here to give you some exciting and raunchy fun this weekend carrying on until Wednesday evening...
I'm a cute size 8, blonde with natural C cups and soft tanned skin.
Always immaculately presented and can give you the ultimate GFE that I know can please you over and over.
I'm a versitile, friendly sex kitten and loved to give and receive all sorts of ....... pleasures...

Incalls preferred at my luxury 5* accommodation. However I am available for outcalls, late nights and enjoy to party occasionally.

Please text or call 0402512487 to book in advance from SUNDAY 10am -> Wednesday 

Rates are: 
$250 30 mins
$400 1 hour
$700 2 hours 

Couples and female are welcome for a genuine bi sexual experience.

I'm an open minded girl with a friendly and approachable personality.
I like to have fun and have a high sex drive... You won't be disappointed x

CJ x


Floor: #2
Post Time: 7th October 2014, 01:39 PM
Poster ID: milkyjoe
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I saw her a few nights ago. I will pobably do a review if i get time. Agree with much that has been said here aleady. 

Fun girl, sexy english accent, slim, cute boobs, easy to get along and genuinly seems to enjoy sucking dick and having sex.


