Thread Title: Claire - Cremorne - 0450 322 140
Floor: #1
Post Time: 4th February 2011, 03:27 PM
Poster ID: The pool cleaner
Post Title: 
 Claire - Cremorne - 0450 322 140
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name:Claire

Establishment (if applicable):

Contact Details/Address:0450322140

Hours of Business: (if known or applicable)

Prices:$300

Age:24

Size/shape:Curvy

Nationality or Ethnicity:Australian

Services:Light kissing, CBJ, DATY

Value for money/recommend?: No

I thought I would look to broaden my experiences and thought I had found some one who was closer to my location, fitted my budget and seemed to have a good review.

I booked 1 hour and communication seemed to be good although a seemed odd that when I asked if DFK was part of her service she did not know what I was talking about. I clarified what i was looking for and was told yes but would be an extra $100, gulp ($400). I tried to confirm that this would be the real VIP treatment. I believe this was confirmed. So the day arrived, address was confirmed and all was going smoothly.
I found Clair's apartment and was promptly let in to meet the lady in person and found a girl next door type of girl who was reasonable accurately represented by the pictures. I do suspect she is not quite in as good a shape as when the photos were taken but not so much change that is was a problem at all.

Sent to the showers, I emerged to find Clair on the bed welcoming me to lie with her on the bed. We talked a little and slowly feeling each other up and some light kissing. We gradually progressed around each others bodies and then I repositioned for DATY. I was a bit disappointed to be welcomed with light stubble which was not a real turn on for me. I tried my best at DATY but there were many rules to work with, not spoken but hands pulled away, there was certainly no touching with the hands on her vagina. This left me needing to do all the work with my tongue which was not really a problem but certainly limiting. Not sure Claire was too into it but it was hard to tell as there were no words spoken. It was feeling weird. We tried another position and this was a little better but with all the rules, I was not getting into it.
Rolled over and time for Claire to do some work on me. CBJ... not what I was expecting but it was not that bad. Mind you I was not really into it. The DFK just did not seem to work, no rhythm between us and on/off all the time. So eventually I managed to get it up (not a normal problem) and into cowgirl. At this point I decided to not prolong things and reach my orgasm using my favorite technique.
From there we just talked a bit and then showered and I was off. That was pretty much exactly 1 hour.

Claire is a nice girl and some may work well with her but for me, the restriction on where to touch and what I can do and the DFK just did not get me into the whole thing. There were other little things like checking the money in front of me that just did not give it a quality feeling. I would not book her again even at the $300 advertised price.


