Floor: #1
Post Time: 6th May 2018, 05:25 PM
Poster ID: aston60007
Post Title: 
 Clara/Lisa - Annandale/Sutherland -  0490 738 790
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Clara

Establishment : Private apartment

Date of Visit : 04/05/2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://sydney.locanto.com.au/ID_194...Annandale.html

Hours of Business : varies

Rates : $100 half hour

Age : 28

Size/shape : Size 12 chubby and short

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : FS

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : Clara is 5'4" and is a tubby girl but the photos make her look pale and flabby - she has good olive soft skin.
It was easy to make the appointment but she needs assurance that you are 40+ because she's had a bad experience with younger men.
She isn't pretty - slightly undershot with short blonde hair but she has a lovely personality.
Her hours vary as she's a nurse.
She was wearing a dark see through cami and stockings and greeted me with a kiss.
No DFK and she seems a little awkward.
After undressing myself I returned to kissing / fondling while standing and then started to take off her clothes. She stopped me and undressed herself and then we lay on the bed kissing.
I moved down for some DATY which seemed well received with low moans and twitching then she followed with BBBJ. 
She then dommed me up and got on top for some cowgirl. She is big soft tits but the nipples are barely discernible.
I soon slid her over onto her back and we had some side saddle and then missionary.
She was aroused and was pretty hot and sweaty at the end but I'd have preferred if she's been a little more proactive.
For $100 this was OK value and she is a very pleasant lady - she seems younger than 28.
If you like a slightly larger BBW, you'll like Clara.
Would I revisit? I don't think so - life's too short.
She advertises on many websites and at various prices normally $150 but I've seen $180.
The Locanto ad at $100 made this reasonable value but I wouldn't pay more.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 1st May 2019, 04:34 PM
Poster ID: thrp0rnacc1
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Clara

Establishment : Private WL

Date of Visit : 01/05/2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.escortsandbabes.com.au/P...endent/Lisaxo/

Phone : 0490 738 790

Hours of Business : Varies, see website

Rates : $200 / hr

Age : About 28

Size/shape : BBW

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian / Spanish

Services Provided : DFK, Daty, BBBJ

Value for money/recommend? : Absoluely

My experience/comments : I saw Clara's profile on and tried to book her for a while but was proving difficult to book as she was always busy especially around the Easter period. I finally booked her today and she got back to me fairly quickly and gave me her address afterwards. Once I got to her apartment, she opened the door while hiding behind it as she was wearing a see through body suite with stockings and greeted me as I walked in.

From first impressions, she's a bit chubby and about size 12. Her boobs are about DD and she's not that pretty (6.5/10) but has a great personality and instantly puts you at ease.

After walking in Clara asked whether I wanted a shower, I said yes and she provided a towel for my use. I started undressing and went to complete financials but she just waved it off and said "nah, it's ok, just put it down on the table", she didn't even check if I put the right amount down (she might have looked while I was in the shower). I finished my shower and just chatted with her as I was drying off and she's a really nice girl to chat with, i really enjoyed being there.

After drying off, we were still chatting to each other and I came in close as she undressed and we DFK for a bit. I laid her down we continued to DFK as I roamed my hands over her. Although she might be a bit chubby, her whole body was pretty firm. I'd describe her as thicc rather than BBW.

I gave her a bit of a message on her back and then her front and DATY her. After a while, I had her softly moaning a bit and made her cum a few times..i could feel her vaginal contractions around my fingers so at least i know she was telling the truth.

Once she got too sensitive, she gave me a BBBJ and I got her to swing around so that I could DATY her again in a 69. I saw her anus in this position and asked if I could put anything in there which she kindly refused so I licked it all over. She's got a nice pussy and I was going to town on it, I did notice though that her suction isn't all that powerful but her tongue was amazing so after about 5 minutes, I was ready to blow and asked her to stop so that I could fuck her.

Clara then dressed me and I got her on her back as we did it in mish. I slow fucked her for a while as we DFK. Clara's pussy is pretty tight so I was holding back from cumming for as long as possible while sucking on those big tiddies of hers. As time started passing, I blew my load in about 10 minutes.

I had a quick shower afterwards and gave her a peck on the cheek and bid her farewell. Overall, this was a great experience and I'd definitely come back for more.

Face - 6.5/10
Body - 8/10
Service - 9/10
Personality - 10/10


Floor: #3
Post Time: 1st May 2019, 10:12 PM
Poster ID: AP007
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I would 100% see her but I'm too young for her as she's said which is a shame


Floor: #4
Post Time: 8th June 2019, 02:33 PM
Poster ID: aabro10
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Clara/Lisa

Establishment : PWL

Date of Visit : Mid May 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.escortsandbabes.com.au/P...endent/Lisaxo/

Phone : 0490738790

Hours of Business : Most week days, saw her Tuesday morning

Rates : 200ph

Age : 20s

Size/shape : Chubby, solid. Nice big tits, big nipples, big butt. 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aus, maybe Mediterranean background

Services Provided : BBBJ, COB, DFK, DATY, CFS

Value for money/recommend? : Yep

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)
Please note, from the looks of her ad, she is now only doing Outcalls. Also her name has changed to Lisa. 

I had tried to book a time with Clara for a while. As she is a bit out of the CBD, I had to wait til I had a day off. Drove to her place on Johnston St. Street parking wasn't too hard to find. She has a great body in my opinion, not fat, kinda chubby. Nice big firm tits, nice big ass. She is a bit quiet, maybe reserved, maybe nervous?

She warmed up after a bit of DFK and DATY. Gives an OK bbbj, could be better. She said she was too sensitive for fingering. She is a good fuck, does all the positions, but her personality is a bit quiet for my liking. Nice girl though. BBBJ with a handjob onto her big tits to finish. 

$300ph for an outcall is a bit expensive in my mind, $200ph incall is good value though.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 11th July 2019, 06:59 AM
Poster ID: aabro10
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Clara/Lisa

Establishment : PWL

Date of Visit : Early July 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.escortsandbabes.com.au/P...endent/Lisaxo/

Phone : 0490738790

Hours of Business : Most week days, saw her Wednesday lunch time

Rates : 250ph

Age : 20s

Size/shape : Chubby, solid. Nice big tits, big nipples, big butt. 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aus, maybe Mediterranean background

Services Provided : BBBJ, COB, DFK, DATY, CFS

Value for money/recommend? : Yep

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)
Was down in the shire seeing a client and saw that Clara/Lisa was available. She was working out of a hotel down there, very discreet. 

Dressed in sexy red lingerie. This visit was a lot better than the first. Lots of deep deep DFK. A very wet pussy, DATY and fingering led her to cumming quickly. Asked to continue daty for about 15 mins more. Sex in mish, doggy, cow girl, side saddle, standing mish. DFK whilst she tugged me off, shot a load over the both of us which was a bit unexpected. Chatted for a while, was with her for more than an hour in the end.  

Clara is much better the second time round, more open, more talkative. She is a very sweet young girl. $250 an hour is good value for DFK, BBBJ and COB in my book. She told me she will be staying in various hotels around Sydney for a while until she finds a new permanent location.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 11th July 2019, 07:00 AM
Poster ID: aabro10
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
https://www.escortsandbabes.com.au/P...endent/Lisaxo/

Updated link


Floor: #7
Post Time: 24th October 2019, 07:54 AM
Poster ID: mitch.green13
Post Title: 
 Lisa - 0490738790
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lisa

Establishment : Private Sutherland

Date of Visit : September 17

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :

Phone : 0490738790

Hours of Business : Call

Rates : $150 half hour

Age : Late 20's

Size/shape : Curvy, size 12

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : FS BBBJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : Lisa was very easy to communicate with and did not take long to book for the next day. She is very busy so same day bookings are really hard and you have to try your luck. Got a confirmation message in the morning and then was sent address and I headed over to her motel room. First thing I noted is that she is very attractive with short blonde hair. We had a quick chat where she asked me what I wanted and then had a quick shower before long I was stripped and lying on the bed. She has a great body that is very soft with amazing tits. She proceeded to give me a very slow and sensual BBBJ which continued for 10 minutes or so. Not the best I've had but not the worst. After 10 minutes she asked if she could climb on top and I said I wanted to do her doggy. She slipped the condom on and wiggled her amazing ass and backed up into me. Watching her ass jiggle while I fucked her from behind was a sight to behold and before long I emptied into the bag. She cleaned me up and then ended the last 10 minutes with a massage before saying goodbye. Very nice and quiet girl that prefers older gentlemen and I would definitely return.


