Thread Title: Claudia Cooper - Sydney (CBD) - 0435 823 292
Floor: #1
Post Time: 12th January 2011, 09:01 PM
Poster ID: munro3333
Post Title: 
 Claudia Cooper - Sydney (CBD) - 0435 823 292
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Claudia Cooper

Establishment: Private

Contact Details/Address: http://www.Claudia-Cooper.com

Hours of Business: 10a.m. till 10p.m. Mon-Sat

Prices: see web site

Age: 28

Size/shape: Size 10, very tall (183cm 6'0" - no heels!)

Nationality or Ethnicity: Australian from English/Irish background

Services: $500p/h, GFE - BBBJ, DATY, FS, etc - no greek

Value for money/recommend?: Great value - highly recommended

My experience/comments: 

I have spent time with this wonderful lady before, and it's been too long - so I called her. 

Claudia has the most sexy English accent. Meeting duly arranged...                      

I met Claudia at her apartment in the City. It is a 'Security block, so he buzzed me in through the door, then up the lift. When she met me at the door of her unit, I was instantly impressed by the tall redhead peering seductively around the door. Claudia is very friendly, and easy to talk to. After a short chat on the couch, she started some very enjoyable DFK, and started undressing me. as she disrobed, I could not help having a hard-on just seeing her magnificent physique - she has C-D all natural boobs, a very trim waist and abdomen, a great bum, and legs that are a sight to behold. (see the gallery at her website -  WOW!)

On to the steamy stuff.....

She really enjoys BBBJ, and that almost was the end of me. We slowed down so I could get back under control, then moved into a 69... She has that sweet readhead taste that is just superb!, I then started DATY, and got a number of shudders, and a blush to her chest and face - she was not faking... she then whispered into my ear that she needed cock NOW - (I love that). We finished of in mish, and I was totally spent.

The pictures on her web site are totaly real - just look and drool... 

Look at that bum! - YUM!


Floor: #2
Post Time: 12th January 2011, 10:34 PM
Poster ID: andrewblake
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Welcome to AUXXXR M33,

Great review! her pics look like the bomb and she is also has strawberry blonde hair.. sort of reminds me of a strawberry cup cake! delicious!

Well done!

AB


Floor: #3
Post Time: 14th January 2011, 11:39 PM
Poster ID: dannyboi
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Saw this lovely lady a few years back when she was using a different name.  Very nice GFE and used to provide a great CIM. She disappeared for a while so I will have to see her again now that she is back.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 12th February 2011, 12:58 PM
Poster ID: picasso69
Post Title: 
 Claudia Cooper
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Claudia Cooper

Establishment : Private

Contact Details/Address: as advertised

Hours of Business: variable

Prices: $450

Age: 29

Size/shape: slim, leggy, super tall

Nationality or Ethnicity: Aust/English

Services: GFE

Value for money/recommend?: Yes

My experience/comments: Claudia provides a great GFE, easygoing personality, very well spoken with an English accent, so easy on the ear as well as the eye. Superb BBBJ and massage.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 15th March 2011, 09:08 PM
Poster ID: gregc4s
Post Title: 
 Claudia Cooper
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Claudia Cooper

Establishment : Private - Sydney CBD

Date of Visit: December 2010

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: www.claudia-cooper.com

Hours of Business: 10 am - 8pm

Rates: $250 for massage and BBJTC

Age: 28ish

Size/shape: Tall, Size 12 but in proportion

Nationality or Ethnicity: Australia/English

Services Provided: FS/Massage

Value for money/recommend?: Sensational. Absolute reccomendation

My experience/comments: Saw Claudia at the the end of last year. I'm a fairly infrequent punter but saw her photos and decided to spend some time with her. Didn't want FS but she offered me a massage option (sensational) and BBJ (incredible technique). CIM was drawn out for ages and worth waiting for. A tall lady but great body and certainly worth looking up. Her apartment is located near Chinatown in a fairly new building in the CBD


