Thread Title: Clio - CBD Hyde Park 0450 713 341
Floor: #1
Post Time: 6th October 2016, 06:33 PM
Poster ID: fit69
Post Title: 
 Clio - CBD Hyde Park 0450 713 341
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Clio

Establishment : Hyde Park Private Hotel Room

Date of Visit : Mid Sptember

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : currently not up on backpage but the info is here: 0450713341 escort reviews - 0450-713-341 pictures, rating - Sydney escorts

Hours of Business : he said from 10am till late.

Rates : 350/Hour 200/half

Age : 19 (yep, 19)

Size/shape :  Curvy, but not fat. good ass but a bit too big for my taste, boobs are B. Dark skin

Nationality or Ethnicity : Like on the description; south African Jamaican mix...

Services Provided : FS, BBBJ, CIM. DFK.

Value for money/recommend? : Was ok

My experience/comments : So I had been thinking where next, I wanted BBBJ and CIM. Her first ad, price, location and pictures convinced me. Messaging the guy (alex I think) was fast and easy. A man of his word (on my experience at least, except for...). He said she was new to the industry and would allow 2 shots in 1 hour, CIM, BBBJ and DFK. I Booked (the day before) and go the next day. Now, when I booked I wanted to be the first guy and he said sure np, I will contact you tomorrow around 10am. At 11am he had not reached me so I message him, everything seemed to be in order and tells me she is available in a couple of hours. hmmm

Well, I get there, go in and meet her, have a short chat where I confirm that she was doing everything he offered. I get a shower and then she is waiting for me on the bed. I approach her and she starts DFK pretty quickly without any talking, it was pretty intense and long, got my heart rate up and a pump on my face and neck lol, lots of tongue and lip action. We stop and she begins BBBJ, non stop, I am about to go and tell her to turn around and do some 69...this bought me time...  She tasted good, very clean BUT here the biggest disappointment, not her pussy, her arse, was smelly, she was clean and all but the smell was gross, I wasnt sure if it was purely from accumulated bacteria accumulated between those 2 big cheeks or what, but it was much worse than arm pit smell. Thank god I didnt smell any shit. Anyway, I big turn off but I said, fuck, not gonna put the entire experience and my money to waste just because of that, so I get her to move back a bit more so I can literally stick my face in her clit and problem solved lol, no smell, more DATY, im turned on again and I CIM pretty quickly, and damn that was good, she keeps on going at it and sucking pretty hard until it gets small which I loved, because many stop right after cum comes out... And she swallows all. Only downside of the BJ is that she cant DT, barely half way.  Her BJ skills are very simple, but what she does, she does well.  She has big lips and tongue.
Now we just lay on the bed and have a chat where she tells me about herself, she is very nice, a bit shy, tells me I am her second customer ever. I believe it as I can tell there were many instances were she was like, hmm whats next? and she even said so once... I give her a 5 min massage where I get to feel her body, not bad, nothing special, just average, its just that she is young, so she is tight and big bum. 
I literally tell her to give me a hand for round 2 and instead she gives me more BBBJ until its up again, DOM on and she rides me pretty hard, she is really enjoying this, then we go to mish, doggy, mish, doggy mish, I could tell she loved it, she made nice genuine sounds, then lastly I get her to BBBJ until iI CIM again, where she didnt stop until it was dead and this time it felt much better than the first time.

We have a chat for a couple of minutes, bell rings, I get a shower, say good bye and off I go.


Verdict:
I enjoyed it, every bit except for 3 things, the arse smell, and 2 minor ones which I dont really mind. CIM right at the beginning means no more DFK for the rest of the session (unless I wanted to ofc). And Her hair was not clean, when DFK I like playing with a girls neck and hair, but hers was so oily/sticky that I kinda regretted putting my hands there, well, nothing serious. But it also meant I didnt pull her hair while on doggy! Coz I didnt want to touch it!
But I wouldnt be back, she is average looking, unless its ur type, a 6, if u prefer petite, then probably a 4. I like them right in between so it was ok for me. BBBJ and CIM made it up for me.
Would I try another of alexs girls? Yes but one that is new to the industry like this one, being new they are willing to learn and please without objections.  And only if she is significantly better looking were I will probably book 1.5 hours so I can go 3 rounds.

Other details that I didnt mind but you might:
-had to wait about 10min when I got there, waiting for replys of unit number and confirming that I had arrived. Made me feel a bit awkward standing there looking around, but I give no fucks so all good. This didnt take away from my 1 hour booking either.
-time wise it all went smoothly, nothing was rushed. had 1long shower at the end
-the unit, bed and lightling was good, toilet and everything was in good conditions, nothing weird, no smell nor wet bed either.  But the shower was shit, it took half the shower time for the water to warm up then it was too fucking hot... 2/3 of the shower time was spent on regulating it, hence the long showers.
-She had gum or maybe something else before I come in because her mouth tasted like tooty frutty lol
-unit quiet.
-cant think of anything else.
-hmm payed the cash right after confirming the services included.


sorry for the late review, computer broke down and moved house, so 2 weeks without it. Only had my phone to read, cant write on that thing.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 7th October 2016, 11:17 AM
Poster ID: bigdickmalone
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Yes his girls are a bit hit and miss sometimes. I have seen this particular girl up but havent had the chance to see her. Not so keen on her.

All the other girls he has I've seen and they are all ok but nothing special


Floor: #3
Post Time: 31st October 2016, 06:51 PM
Poster ID: bigdickmalone
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Clio

Establishment : Hyde Park Private Hotel Room

Date of Visit : Mid October 

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Link expires so.... 0450713341 escort reviews - 0450-713-341 pictures, rating - Sydney escorts

Hours of Business : text to find out

Rates : 180 half hour 

Age : 19 

Size/shape : Curvy

Nationality or Ethnicity : Like on the description; south African Jamaican mix...

Services Provided : FS, BBBJ, CIMWS, DFK

Value for money/recommend? : Yes, I had fun

So had seen her advert and wanted to try her. I have seen this girl in particular advertise somewhere else a few months back but she must have gone under the wing of the  guy who takes the bookings.

Any way he texted me and told me that she was working today and that she is doing CIMWS for $180 for half hour.
Had some spare time so took his offer up.

Getting to he hotel is the same procedure, text wait for room number and go up to the room.

So get there and was a bit worried but as soon as she opened the door all was put to rest. She has a good body with a nice ass (wasnt too big for me), small tits. Face was also cute. She isnt dark skinned but not super light either more like a good tan. Pics on the ad are hers.

Any way get finances out the way have a shower and when I'm done and exit she is waiting for me.
She starts kissing me and I then start undressing her. She has a soft ass with small tits but they are ok.
Then she moves onto BBBJ, which is ok. She keeps on sucking and im grabbing her tits and ass. They are both good. As mentioned her hair is sticky so no running your hands thourgh it when she is sucking you but still there are other things of hers you can grab onto.

Then she moves onto cowgirl where she rides the hell out of me. Points for enthusiasm. 
Im about to cum and get her to jump off and she sucks me through organsm. She keeps on sucking and swallows it all. Keeps going until I'm done.

We have a chat about the usual, travel, uni and stuff. 

Then onto round 2, start off the same, BJ then cowgirl and after a few minutes switch to doggy where I get to see her ass in all its glory.  Its a nice ass and I do consider my self an ass man. Keep pumping away grabbing her soft round ass. 
Then its too much and I get her to turn around and I cum in her mouth and she swallows it all.

Was a good session and i walked away happy. If i was to see her again i would go for the full hour. 

Cheers,

Big D


Floor: #4
Post Time: 9th February 2017, 09:33 PM
Poster ID: chadc012345
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Clio

Establishment :  Hotel in College Street, Sydney, NSW. 3 girls working privately, out of a Hotel

Date of Visit : 19/12/2016

Link: They seem to have a new post everyday in Cracker.
SeX bomB HoT and SeXy Canadian 23 available NOW!!! 0450 713 341 > Ask for VaneSSa!! - Sydney escorts - cracker.com.au

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0450 713 341

Hours of Business : 12am till late

Rates : $200 for half hour

Age : Looked in her early 20's.

Size/shape : C cup, slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : African/South African Mix

Services Provided : DATY, FS, french kiss">DFK

Value for money/recommend? : YES!!! 

Looks: 8/10, Exotic

I went to meet Clio in Hyde Park (38 College Street) about 10 days ago for a 30 minute session. She invited me with a smile and asked for to freshen up. After my shower I went to the Bed and lay down next to her. I wanted the first 15 minutes to be a slow passionate session, she obliged and lay down next to me and started kissing me and stroking me. Her french kiss">DFK was excellent, after about 10 minutes I went for 5 minutes of DATY for some lubrication. I had a covered BJ (Not sure if BBBJ was on offer, did not ask). She had a cute, nice Ass, so I decided to take her from behind, doggy style. She had good control over my dick for the next few minutes, the view of the ass and her muscle control did me in and I blew my load much earlier than I expected. Had a shower and decided to head back.

She looked exotic and provided great service. I am looking forward to visiting her again soon.

I noticed the same number is used by 3 girls currently (Jana (German), Clio (African Mix), Vanessa (Canadian))


