Thread Title: Coco - CBD Sydney - 0455 946 246
Floor: #1
Post Time: 15th December 2018, 01:21 AM
Poster ID: Rocky7
Post Title: 
 Coco - CBD Sydney - 0455 946 246
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Coco

Establishment : Independent

Date of Visit : 23/11/2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.escortsandbabes.com.au/P...dent/Cocohong/

Phone : 0455 946 246 

Hours of Business : 10am - 11:30pm / 7 days a week

Rates : 30 min 150, 45min 200, 1hr 250

Age : mid 20s 

Size/shape : Slim, skinny

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Full service

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : I was trawling through E&B one night and among the large amounts of fakes I came across Coco's profile which had verified photos. From the photo she's not the best looker, but figured at least I knew what I was turning up to instead of a fake profile with a picture of a supermodel. Anyways, I texted her around 11pm and she responded within 2 mins with the rates. Booked a time the next day for 30 mins after work to see her before I headed home.

She texted me the address and it was on Kent st so quite close to work. Showed up at the building and she buzzed me up. Opened the door and, surprisingly, she was exactly as she looked in the photo (minus some make up). I was content that it wasn't wildly different to the pics I saw in her profile the night before.

Not sure why but I was expecting us to be alone, but I believe there was someone else in a separate room, which meant I wasn't as relaxed as I was. (Found out it was another girl, I caught only a glimpse of as I was leaving).

On to the main event, I handed over the cash and told her I just wanted straight full service, no extras. I asked if we could shower together first as I had just finished work and she agreed. So we both undressed and got in the shower, she started working me with her hand and got me hard straightaway. After a quick rinse, we moved to her room and onto the bed, covered me and proceeded with the CBJ. She seemed shy, but could've been just an act, so she was quite timid at first and only gave a passable CBJ which took less than 5 mins. So by then I was just ready so I laid down and we started with cowgirl position and she lowered herself onto me. As expected, she was nice and tight which was great. She moved riding me a bit slowly at first and then she warmed up a bit more before we got into a good steady rhythm. Bit of moaning, wasn't over the top but added to our groove. 

She's not the greatest looking girl, and her body was ok, but she was really friendly and nice which was a turn on for me on its own. Anyways, after 10 or so mins on cowgirl, we then moved to doggy style which was time to ramp it up a little bit. She had a nice round butt, skinny still but just enough padding for a good pounding. We were in doggy for only about 5 mins or so, not because she rushed me, but because she had a really tight pussy I felt I wasn't gonna last long so I just pounded her really hard and she took it like a champ and I came pretty quick after that.

Overall, she wasn't the prettiest girl by any stretch of the imagination, her body was ok, boobs were less than a handful and butt was of a good shape. But she was just friendly and easy to interact with. I would probably go again, but maybe only if my preferred ones weren't available on the day.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 2nd January 2019, 08:29 AM
Poster ID: jeantousse
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by Rocky7


Opened the door and, surprisingly, she was exactly as she looked in the photo (minus some make up). I was content that it wasn't wildly different to the pics I saw in her profile the night before
"""



Did she have a stomach tattoo like in the photos?


Floor: #3
Post Time: 25th April 2019, 01:45 PM
Poster ID: milkyjoe
Post Title: 
 Kiki - Sydney CBD - 0455 946 246
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Kiki

Establishment : private 

Date of Visit : 10/3/2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : escortsandbabes

Phone :0455 946 246

Hours of Business : message to find you 

Rates : $150 for 30 mins

Age : 28

Size/shape : slim, small boobs, slight bush, attractive body

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese 

Services Provided : bbbj, sex

Value for money/recommend? : 

My experience/comments : 

my my first impressions of the photos posted online were wow, this girl is to good to be true, but with the photo verification tag on escortsandbabes I decided to go for it. 

Upon entering there were two women in the apartment, one being another sex worker probably or her manager. After all the shower etc, I doubted if it was the same girl in the photos. I even asked her at the end and I do think it was but I think the photographer did very well to make her look quite a bit better than she did in real life. But she was still quite sexy her body was just not as good as it looked in the photos. 

We began with bbbj and it was quite good, very slow and sensual but as I find with a lot of working girls sometimes they don't want to do this for very long and after 30 seconds or so she wanted to move to condom and sex. I asked if she could keep going and she did so, she mentioned a few times not to cum in her mouth and I assured her I wouldn't, i wanted to enjoy the bbbj but with her always stopping and wanting to move to sex I could tell I wouldn't be able to, so we moved on. 

She had a beautiful pussy covered in a slight bush, but heavenly tight and incredible sight. I enjoyed having missionary with her, doggy and then back to missionary. Followed by taking my condom off and Cummings over her stomach. It was mediocre bbbj and sex, but she had a great pussy which was a true highlight. 

Tempted to see her again for sex but overall the experience was not as great as it could of been.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 28th April 2019, 04:31 PM
Poster ID: downthelane
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
The phone number seems to have a number of names tied to it on different ad boards and forums - Coco, Mimi, Kiki, Stella. Would normally raise a red flag but to be honest, all the reviews seem to be decent.


