Thread Title: Coco - Penrith - 0484 593 887
Floor: #1
Post Time: 6th November 2018, 01:20 PM
Poster ID: Probe
Post Title: 
 Coco - Penrith - 0484 593 887
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Coco

Establishment : Private apartment Penrith 

Date of Visit : 6/11/18

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Ad in Penrith Press

Phone :0484 593 887

Hours of Business : Not sure, possibly anytime 

Rates : $60/ 30 minutes 

Age : said 40, I’d guess 50’s

Size/shape : slim size 8, A or B cups, shaved pussy. In quite good shape for her age.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Taiwan

Services Provided : CBJ, DATY, 69, FS

Value for money/recommend? : Sort of.

My experience/comments : Had a bit of time to kill yesterday, trawling the internet and came across her ad in Penrith Press. Called the number and she said she’d send me a message. 2 minutes a text comes from a different number, telling me the other number is her advertising number. All further correspondence was with the second number.
I told her I was keen for a Tuesday morning appointment, she’d sent a couple of photos (which were genuine) and agreed that I’d confirm 30 minutes before. 
It was a bit of a job finding her apartment but got there, knocked on the door and she let me in PWL style ( hiding behind the door). She ushered me through to the main bedroom, I couldn’t see her face as she had her head down a bit using her hair to hide it. Strangely, I only briefly saw her face twice in the whole session and she never made eye contact.
i showered and returned to the room, she was naked sitting on the bed with her back to me, and patted the bed behind her for me to lie down. I lay down behind her and she leaned around to play with my cock, balls and perrenium while giving me access to her pussy. She adjusted slightly to suck my nipples and put one of her nipples in my mouth. She started moaning and her pussy started to become wet. I moved my head to her pussy and she lifted a leg to let me in. Her clit felt huge on my tongue and it didn’t take long before she came. She climbed off, grabbed a dom, rolled it on and started quite a good CBJ. After a couple of minutes she swung int 69 and again seemed to cum after a few minutes. I told her I wanted to eat her some more so she lay on her back with a pillow over her face. She accepted one then a second finger in her pussy and I rubbed her G spot while licking her clit, she came hard, bucking and moaning and urging me to fuck her while still letting me lick her. I stopped and entered her in mish. I leaned back a bit and gave her clit a rub with my thumb, she came and I followed soon after. A quick shower and I was on my way.

Not a bad punt, especially for $60. It was quite weird how she tried to hide her face all the time and never made eye contact. When I did see her face she looked ok. She might be more relaxed as she gets to know you but I don’t think I’d return.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 6th November 2018, 01:27 PM
Poster ID: Probe
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Sorry mods, I just noticed this thread

https://auxxxreviews.com/forum/f100/...8-350-a-56201/

The names and address is different but the phone numbers are the same. I did feel like I saw a different person to who I arranged it with, maybe the “advertising” number was the agent.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 7th November 2018, 10:26 AM
Poster ID: sunhats
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hi Probe, i was about to say it was cindy who i saw back in july, the description was the same as cindy, same number. on the new side of penrith station with all the new units.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 7th November 2018, 12:09 PM
Poster ID: Probe
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hey Sunhats, I went to new apartments near Centro. I have a feeling there could be several ladies in different apartments working from a central number.
Did you get any eye contact? It was quite bizarre.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 7th November 2018, 12:35 PM
Poster ID: tinlegs
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by Probe


Hey Sunhats, I went to new apartments near Centro. I have a feeling there could be several ladies in different apartments working from a central number.
Did you get any eye contact? It was quite bizarre
"""



guys please use the PM to exchange info.. cheers


Floor: #6
Post Time: 17th October 2019, 11:40 AM
Poster ID: yampy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I've just seen on Locanto she now offers a nude house cleaning service..

https://m.locanto.com.au/sydney/ID_3...e-Massage.html

She quoted me $200 for a 1 bedroom house including free 30 min massage.. when I enquired if the free massage included HJ or BJ, she replied "why?", Then 5 mins later "+$30".  No indication of the $30 was for HJ or BJ.

Has anyone tried the cleaning service?? I'm tempted as I hate cleaning my place, but don't was to pay $200 if she is just going to breeze through with a duster for 30 mins.


Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk


Floor: #7
Post Time: 17th October 2019, 02:23 PM
Poster ID: Bluey651
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hi Yampy.
If you want your house cleaned properly. Get a cleaner. A lot less than $200. Plus you are not paying an extra $30 to get the knobs waxed.
If you want a clean out. Use the change left over to go to a good massage place or a brothel.
With the 2 for 1 deal. You may be disappointed with the result from either. Or both.


