Thread Title: Commo Loco - Potts Point (out calls) - Craigslist ads only
Floor: #1
Post Time: 30th January 2014, 06:00 PM
Poster ID: blowhard
Post Title: 
 Commo Loco - Potts Point (out calls) - Craigslist ads only
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : calls herself commo loco 

Establishment : used an apartment. The De Vere Hotel, Potts Point

Date of Visit : November 2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : she does not advertise often but will respond to most ads on CL M seeking W casual encounter

Hours of Business : by arrangement 

Rates : $200 per hour

Age : 24

Size/shape : petite size 6

Nationality or Ethnicity : african American

Services Provided : CBJ, covered sex, massage, DFK, heavy fingering inc arse play

Value for money/recommend? : yes if you like dark skinned girls

My experience/comments :

I saw an interesting ad on CL by two girls offering a "2 for 1 blow n go". It piqued my interest and I responded. The price for the BJ was 100 covered for 15 mins.. I was nearby anyway so went along doing all the arranging by emails on my phone... When I got there there were two girls one of them was a negress who looked young and said she was 24 but looked younger... The 2 for 1 was no longer available lol but I spoke to the dark girl and agreed on $200 for an hour of fun... She had short but straight black hair, full lips and smelled really nice.. 

She was completely naked and after accepting a glass of champers and lying back she started to give long DFK with plenty of tongue while rubbing my joint. I played with her tits which were perky. She has small nipples but they got quite hard. I couldn't resist fingering her little bald pussy and it got quite wet. I went down on her and got quite turned on with the contrast when I opened her hole and saw the pink interior against the black skin. 

Whether it was for my benefit I am not sure but she kept telling me how she prefers older men and wanted me to fuck her. So with franger applied I laid her back and let her French my cock. She was willing I give her that and keen to please . I enjoyed it even though it was covered. I next spread her legs lifting them to her shoulders. It was tight going in and I sawed away happily for a good 5 minutes before putting her petite frame on top of me. I came at this which was very pleasant. Afterwards I told her I had really wanted CIM and she told me she would have done it so guess what my next trip to her involves! One interesting turn was that the other girl watched and wanked the whole time offering her encouragement well it certainly encouraged me.

p/s-she replied to an ad a couple of days ago where I was looking for an outdoor daytime experience (I like to change things up a bit lol). She has responded and I am trying to confirm a time date and location. I told her I want to finish on her face and she appears cool with that. I can't wait to see my white jizz on that pretty black face.  If folks want to hear how that goes let me know here. She still corresponds through that site but if I can get better contact details I will post here. Commo Loco is the name she is using at the moment.


