Thread Title: Curvy Canadian Samantha - Pyrmont - 0497 448 505
Floor: #1
Post Time: 14th September 2016, 03:18 PM
Poster ID: bigdickmalone
Post Title: 
 Curvy Canadian Samantha - Pyrmont - 0497 448 505
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Samantha 

Location : Hotel in Pyrmont: 0497 448 505

Date of Visit : 13/09/2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: Curvy Canadian Samantha! Come play now! *$PECIAL$ FOR MY LAST DAY IN SYDNEY* Darling Harbour!! - Sydney escorts - backpage.com

Hours of Business : 9am till 9pm

Rates : $120 half hour

Age : early 's 20s 

Size/shape : About a size 16, DD naturals, cellulite everywhere, fat and saggy

Nationality or Ethnicity : Canadian 

Services Provided : FS

Value for money/recommend? Definitely NOT stay away.

So had seen her ad in BP amd the rate she was offering was good (120 for half hour) so texted her to make a booking. She responded fairly quickly. Started asking about her service and she tells me during the session only can come once, after some back and forth she agrees to 2 times.

Organise a time and then make my way to her service apartment in Pyrmont. Get to the outside of the hotel and call her and she acts really she is really weird. 
I wait for her to come down and get me. She picks me up and she is much larger than her pics. Get in the lift and make our way to her room. During the lift ride, no conversation no no eye contact nothing. Bad sign.

Get to her room exchange cash and have a shower. 
Then she tells me her extras, want to kiss thats extra, want to play with ther boobs thats extra, anything you'd expect in a normal session is extra.

Starts with a crap hand job  (no bj as thats extra) then she gets on me amd starts riding me. Grabbing her ass she says no, too hard. Try and get her boobs thats an extra and not in the regular session.

After some lackluster cowgirl I forced myself to finish off. 
She then gives me a crap dry massage.

Initially was going to have 2 shots but after her attitude problem decided i wanted out and went to have a shower. 

Finish off the shower and try to get some conversation but nothing. I had been a perfect punter being respectful so didnt deserve the crap attitude. 

Any way it was $120 down the drain.

Avoid at all costs.

Cheers,
Big D


Floor: #2
Post Time: 21st September 2016, 11:50 PM
Poster ID: RegularJoe
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks for the info.

There was another Canadian around who was a little cutie. I will send her your way.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 22nd September 2016, 12:03 AM
Poster ID: Donjon
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
My name is Samantha, I am a sexy open minded 20 year old woman visiting Sydney! I have natural soft and plump DD cup breasts for you to play with, long soft light blonde hair, sparkling green eyes, and very kissable soft lips! 

I provide a very sensual service, I like to take my time and cater to your every desire! I will make you feel at ease as a wave of pleasure washes over your body!

My silky smooth size 12 body is yours to bend whichever way you like! I am very friendly, playful, and enticing. You will find me to be very easy going, I love to please and especially like to be teased! 

If you like to have fun I am the girl for you, call or text me now to book! 

All bookings include a strip tease, erotic massage,oral,and sex in any position. Some of the services I provide are charged extra as marked by * :
-kissing
-breast play
-DFK*
-GFE*
-COT*
-PSE*
-HJ
-rimming*
-anal*
-fetishes/roleplay*
-light bdsm*
If you are interested in anything not on this list feel free to ask, I offer most extras!

9am-9pm!! xx 

INCALLS ONLY! 5 STAR HOTEL WITH STREET PARKING! VERY DISCREET!!

15min-$100
30 min- $120
45 min-$150
60 min-$200
Longer sessions at a discounted rate! xo 

Call or text for bookings, NO private numbers! NO asking me to send pictures!
0497448505

PLEASE BE ADVISED-I enjoy safe sex only baby, you must be STD free!
			
		

From her ad listing all most all the service marked with * and reads some of the services I provide are charged extra as marked by * 

$120 30mins in CBD does comes with hidden extras..


