Thread Title: Daisy - Sydney (Haymarket) - 0410 454 398
Floor: #1
Post Time: 5th November 2019, 08:58 PM
Poster ID: WickedWilly
Post Title: 
 Daisy - Sydney (Haymarket) - 0410 454 398
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Daisy

Establishment : n/a

Date of Visit : November 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.escortsandbabes.com.au/P...t/ilovegareth/ ("Verified" pictures are not her)

Phone : 0410454398

Hours of Business : 24hrs Tuesday-Sunday

Rates : $250 ph

Age : Late 20's

Size/shape : 165cm Size 8-9, DD 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese (not korean as advert stated) - very limited English, but uses a great translating app that must be enhanced for SW vocabulary!

Services Provided : FS

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : 

I made a shortlist a few weeks ago when I decided I needed a change, and I am working my way through. There is some obvious risk doing this, but so far I have beaten the odds and today was no different. The building security was a pain, you must buzz her to let you in, otherwise the lift wont let you to the floor you need to go to. She did keep me waiting for about 5 mins. 

Girl at the door was not the girl in the photo. I was hoping for a slim Korean girl, but instead I got a curvy Chinese one. I'm not really a big tit fan, but if you are then I don't think you would be disappointed as this chick is stacked. Not complaining as my little brain was running the show and in I went. (Even afterward, I'd still say she is quite pretty. Body not to bad - though she is no gym bunny)

The whole reason I booked was I just wanted straight forward slow sex, that said, after I showered I asked for a quick massage to start and it was pretty good. Then on with the show, and she applied a dom with her mouth and gave me a pretty good CBJ. Not really interested in that, and she hops on in cowgirl and we spend the next five mins getting our rythm. Her English skills are non existant, but she was pretty fluent in the universal language. She wanted me as deep as I could get so we rolled over in mish, and I got her legs up over my shoulders for a while, then I folded her legs down and she pushed her ass up a bit - I felt her hands on my butt pulling me in - this position did it for her, and she initiated some DFK as well, but I was a fair way off from finishing myself.  She seemed a bit self-concious about the amount of natural lube she was producing and stopped me a couple of times to mop up a bit with some tissues. Finally we switched to reverse cowgirl to finish with her ending up laying back on me face up as I blew while pumping away from underneath. We were 15m overtime and I still needed to shower, which we did together. She seemed pretty worn out, and while I was drying up I saw her rejecting a punter who had just texted "Are you available now?".

Good session for me, and another added to my list to revisit - though I suspect that if I leave it too long, this "Daisy" will be replaced by another.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 5th November 2019, 10:35 PM
Poster ID: downthelane
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I wonder who Gareth is...


