Thread Title: Dallas - Manly - 0431 607 561
Floor: #1
Post Time: 22nd February 2013, 11:07 AM
Poster ID: milkyjoe
Post Title: 
 Dallas - Manly - 0431 607 561
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Dallas

Establishment: private

Date of Visit: 17/2/13

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: 0431607561  - manly daily

Hours of Business: 24/7 beside her name in paper

Rates: $120 for 30 min

Age:Mature 35 - 45

Size/shape: slim/average

Nationality or Ethnicity: Caucasian

Services Provided: Full Service

Value for money/recommend?: Would not recommend. Although for the price was not the worst experience.

My experience/comments:

I phoned Dallas and the first time she said 150 for 30 mins but to my surprise the next time I called it was 120. She said she would be ready in 10 mins so I got there and phoned again on time. She was surprised I was there on time and I went up the lift to her apartment. She was not tanned or athletic like the ad suggested but was still happy with the way she looked though she was just in jeans and had never been greeted on my first time seeing someone like that. She said she didn't have time to get ready but she did say be there in 10 and I was. 

She was hard to talk to and I find it easy to talk with most WL and people in general. She started with a bit of light sucking teasing around the shaft and testies. Before beginning cbj. Which was pretty good. Moved into fucking which she was completely awkward. Kept adding lube. Moving in weird positions so I could not thrust. I am well sized downstairs and sometimes workin girls try limit the thrusting. But I am by no means huge and find it extremely annoying when I paid for sex. She mentioned there might be some kissing when I asked at the start but she really didn't allow any. The sex was shit and she basically didn't even allow any thing to happen. About 5 mins or less in to it she basically pushed me off and ended me with cbj. Which I was impressed with as I usually wouldn't cum that way. 

Overall she was not so nice but not so mean. Awkward and a bit all over the shop. Sex was rubbish, cbj was great, didn't even ask about bbbj as she was hard to speak to but if she offered that I might go back just for a bj if I was desperate or really horny. Other than that would not go back for a well below average service.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 1st March 2013, 11:56 AM
Poster ID: devotube
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks for the headsup Joe - you saved at least one brother punter some hard-earned.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 19th March 2013, 01:33 PM
Poster ID: milkyjoe
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Don't really need to go into the details but I ended up seeing Dallas again for some reason and I believe the lack of connection and awkwardness I explained in my first review was due to her being tired seeing as I saw her on a saturday morning just before lunch (busy friday night) and she did go into the a main fact that there wasnt a connection due to something I don't need to mention. I found she is actually really nice, easy going, very easy to talk to and still does give a great bj.

Overall was greeted this time by a very attractive middle aged woman with a sexy dress, sex was pretty good, great suckable nipples, great cbj, doesn't mind trying to deepthroat and a fun time. This goes to show that things happen for a reason and how someone I thought I would never see again turned out to have a lot of fun with. To finish off in the same manner I would go back for a above average service.


