Thread Title: Danielle Bardoux - Sydney CBD - 0406 896 772
Floor: #1
Post Time: 8th August 2013, 09:50 AM
Poster ID: waverton
Post Title: 
 Danielle Bardoux - Sydney CBD - 0406 896 772
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Danielle Bardoux

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 7/8/13

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Danielle Bardoux Private Sydney Escort

Hours of Business : ???

Rates : 500

Age : Mid 20

Size/shape : 6 athletic

Nationality or Ethnicity : European

Services Provided : Full service GFE

Value for money/recommend? : Good value, goes the extra mile, snacks and effort such a welcoming change. 

My experience/comments : 

Finished work early, ad feeling a bit horny. Checked out some escort sites and some review boards. 

I came across Danielle's profile on PrivateGirls, Googled her and there are some good reviews. Called and made a booking for 1 hour is $500, I don't book girls at this price without a solid review. It's so much to spend without some proof.  

Been a while since I tested the waters of a more expensive escort, but after a couple of bad experiences at the lower prices I figured one good experience, could be better than my last lower priced bad ones. For me it is a about value for money, you need a lot more at Danielle's price. But after one horrible experience with a girl charging $250, my mind was made up. 

I picked Danielle cause of her nice curvy fit body, which is a mix of sporty and fit. Personally I dislike skinny girls whose ass is a saggy bag of bones, so I try to stay away from the model/waif look. Opening the door, there she was dressed in a long sexy flowing dress. She is pretty, had nice curves, great physique. Fantastic rack at least a D cup. Sitting on the couch, we had a snack and a coke (she had all this food layed out, I was really impressed nuts, Mentos, chocolate biscuits, fruit the works) After a conversation with Danielle, I could see she was really trying to impress, she has a very playful personality, something that I expect from a girl like her, and have really been missing from lower priced girls (less wham bam GETOUT!!!!)

After the conversation is wrapping up, she pulls me close we start kissing and undressing on her couch, grabbing her ass, I was jealous, had a very nice feel, soft yet firm. After 5 mins of DFK, we head to the bedroom. Here the fun begins, without going into too much details, she offered me CBJ/BBJ, I picked BBJ, had sex twice and tried for a third, but I was not happening. All up ran about 15 mins over, she was in no rush (nice change from girls ending up early and pushing you out the door as soon as you have popped) 

In summary solid rewarding punt, and enough to score very high. Danielle offers a gfe experience and really goes the extra mile with the food and conversation, something that you miss out with when you go with the lower priced girls. 

All up about 8/10


