Thread Title: Daniela Vasquez Castle Hill 0415 836 829
Floor: #1
Post Time: 21st November 2016, 03:10 PM
Poster ID: unclepj
Post Title: 
 Daniela Vasquez Castle Hill 0415 836 829
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Daniela Vasquez

Establishment : Private near  Castle Hill

Date of Visit : 21/11/16

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : ????NEW in N/W Erotic Masseuse - Sensual, Caring, Sexy Touch - Colombian/Chilean Beautiful MILF - Sydney body rubs - cracker.com.au

Hours of Business : Ring

Rates : $200 for 30 mins but I got 45

Age : 40 ish

Size/shape : Size 10 as in the photos

Nationality or Ethnicity : Sth American with good accent

Services Provided : FS

Value for money/recommend? : I had fun

My experience/comments : 
How better to start the week than with a visit to a Sth American hottie
Not my type normally but the ad looked good and I was prepared to walk away if not what was shown

At my request she answered the door in sexy lingerie including heels and stay up's. She has great legs and a tight ass that she wont let you enter.

Daniela is one of the few privates that dose a full health inspection including my tongue before taking the cash.

Showered and she s in her bedroom and a great embrace follows with DFK and a lot of fondling. Her body is quite tight and when naked looks good.

Dom on for a good CBJ session with her between my legs giving me eye contact while I tried to discuss Anal banging her. No luck.

She got on reverse cowgirl but closed her legs and pulled them to her chest while laying back on me. Fuck me now she says it will feel like anal. She was correct and it was good.
Doggie and she has her first orgasm with her pussy clamping onto my dick. That felt good.
Onto Mish then back with her on top of me for her second orgasm. She loved it.

More CBJ and to finish her giving me a good HJ while she spat on her hand. That is very sexy.

 All up a very pleasurable 40 minutes.
Daniela is in Castle Hill until the end of the week then goes to Parramatta until her apartment in Newington is finished

She will keep the same phone number and only wants to see a few guys daily then.

Good time and I may return as it has changed my opinion on women over 40 and how they look naked.
Still like my Asian girls though.

Enjoy

Unc

Almost Forgot.
She has a strap on for you guys that enjoy being pegged.
Me, well I like the real thing


