Thread Title: Daniella, Serbian Party Girl - Parramatta - 0405 321 039
Floor: #1
Post Time: 3rd October 2016, 12:37 PM
Poster ID: MattC
Post Title: 
 Daniella, Serbian Party Girl - Parramatta - 0405 321 039
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Daniella - Serbian Party Girl
Establishment:  private advertises on Backpage/Cracker

Date of Visit: August 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: 0405 321 039
Daniella ? Serbian party girl .. - Sydney escorts - backpage.com
Located in Parramatta

Rates:$400/hr

Age: mid-20s

Size/shape:
Ad says 5"2' and that sounds about right, she's short and a bit stocky

Nationality or Ethnicity: She said she's actually Bosnian but advertises as being Serbian lol

Services Provided: Full service - covered

Value for money/recommend?:  No

My experience/comments: So was trawling through backpage one weekday evening and saw this girls ad and had a bit of a conversation, she was quick to respond which was good but not willing to send any more pics. I was a bit wary as while her figure looked ok, I always like to see at least a partial face pic, but she reassured me that she was not hideous and I could walk away if she was lol.

She was also willing to do a quickie though, which made my decision easier, so I got to her place in the CBD (though she now works out of Parramatta) where she met me in the lifts.
Staring at each other going up the lifts, while she wasn't hideous she wasn't much of a looker either, too much foundation on her face, skin wasn't great either and only average features. And while her figure looks quite bangable in the pics in real life for whatever reason (either due to the face or her shortness) it isn't quite the same - she has quite a few tatts too.

I should have probably walked, but since I was already in the elevator going up it's a bit awkward to do and in any case I was horny and had been looking for a curvier girl after some punts with pretty skinny girls.

Anyway got up to the room and had a bit of a chat, she mentioned that she used to work at an establishment but one of her friends convinced her to start private escorting after a recent relationship breakup or something.

So showered and got on the bed, she does have a nice big bum, but that's let down by her waist which is also quite big her breasts are medium size, natural and soft but they have big areola and flat nipples that don't get erect and stick out (which I love). She was very eager though, which probably happens when you're returning to the industry after a break.

Went down on her and she was very responsive, convulsing when she came, she went down on me for a bit and her BJ skills are pretty good (but covered BJ's are not my thing) she's similarly responsive in sex (we just did missionary) - I tend to find the less attractive the girl is the more passionate they are lol. After I came had another shower and was chatting for another 10 minutes about the industry, punters and backpage ads etc.

All in all, it wasn't the worst punt in the world but I wouldn't go back as there's much better value to be found elsewhere. She's nice enough girl, though quite a westie and unpolished.
Note that I only paid $150 to see her for a 15 min quickie (though I probably ended up spending 30 mins at her place chatting before and after, she was very unhurried too) her prices are now $400 for an hr and $250 for 30 mins blow and go (which is crazy! You can get 30 mins FS at Stilleto for that much).

So definitely just see someone else or go to an establishment as I probably would only consider seeing her again if she'd do $100 for 20 mins or less, even at $150 I can get better value quickies elsewhere lol.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 6th October 2016, 03:56 PM
Poster ID: fit69
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks for the review, was about to see her next week. Not sure what to do now. 

I'm still confused tho, you think she was not that great because of looks or service?? Or the whole experience? Or just comparing to other places that offer better for less or same? 
Lastly, sorry so many questions, are her ad pictures accurate? 
Thanks buddy


Floor: #3
Post Time: 6th October 2016, 04:07 PM
Poster ID: MattC
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I wouldn't go see her again even for $150, her service is ok (perhaps because I'm a younger guy and relatively more attractive as a male than she is as a woman lol) but I would rate her like a 5/10 for looks. 

She's charging much more than that now though, you're better off going to a place like Liaisons at Edgecliff where for $220/30 you can choose from a pretty good lineup, and if you want value Croydon 219 is great at $120/30, most of the girls there are better looking than Daniella. Her pics are real but in real life she's not as hot as she looks in them (only reason I went to see her was because I thought she looked pretty good in the pics lol)

For privates depends what your budget is?
I saw a hot Latina in Parra a day or two ago, she's $300 half (no BBBJ) so much better value than Daniella (though still probably not the best value in isolation), im going to write a review but in the meantime her number is 0412 010 976 (the pics on her ad are real)  .


Floor: #4
Post Time: 6th October 2016, 05:34 PM
Poster ID: fit69
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by MattC


I wouldn't go see her again even for $150, her service is ok (perhaps because I'm a younger guy and relatively more attractive as a male than she is as a woman lol) but I would rate her like a 5/10 for looks. 

She's charging much more than that now though, you're better off going to a place like Liaisons at Edgecliff where for $220/30 you can choose from a pretty good lineup, and if you want value Croydon 219 is great at $120/30, most of the girls there are better looking than Daniella. Her pics are real but in real life she's not as hot as she looks in them (only reason I went to see her was because I thought she looked pretty good in the pics lol)

For privates depends what your budget is?
I saw a hot Latina in Parra a day or two ago, she's $300 half (no BBBJ) so much better value than Daniella (though still probably not the best value in isolation), im going to write a review but in the meantime her number is 0412 010 976 (the pics on her ad are real)  
"""



Thanks for the reply brother. From what you say I dont think I will be seeing her, for me its about quality not quantity. I dont mind spending up to $400 whenever I punt which isnt often but it better for worth it.  Im looking for a place where I can shoot twice in the hour (or half hour), DFK and DATY. BBBJ would be ideal but not necessary. Any ideas? oh and no asians please, unless exceptionally hot they dont turn me on anymore : /
I am thinking El but not seeing much info on her lately worries me a bit.


