Thread Title: Danni - Wynyard - 0449 540 679
Floor: #1
Post Time: 18th March 2015, 06:41 PM
Poster ID: scoobydooer
Post Title: 
 Danni - Wynyard - 0449 540 679
				
Post Content: 
I'm on my phone, so sorry this isn't in the normal format.

Date of visit: 18/3/2015
Age: mid 30s prob
Size: size 8? Really nice and flexible body
Ethnicity: Aussie, mediterreanan background I think
Boobs: B at most
Cost: 250 for 30 mins ... Although I got around 45 
Contact: 0449540679 ( I think, just of ble check that)

So feeling extra toey today I decided to give this bird a call. Her back page ad ( easy to find, sorry for no link but she spams the fuck out of it, you'll see it) Her photos look pretty nice and are accurate, although I would say that her face isn't quite as nice as in the photos. She advertises a PSE , with her specialty being face fucking and gagging ( you all know by my reviews I like that shit). She also advertises anal and rimming, and her price varies post 6 o'clock.

So she works out of a nice discreet private apartment that she shares with another working girl which is close to Kings Wharf. Facilities are good and I got a clean towel.

Although my appointment was meant to be at 5, apparently she was winning late, so it was about 5:20 by the time I saw her. I ended up leaving around 6:10 so it was OK value for money considering the lateness I think. Now there's a few things you need to know about this girl. She does indeed enjoy deepthroat and face fucking, although she goes into crazy-eye-and slurpy-sound-effext mode as she's doing it. It was a little much for me. That's the only real positive I have for this girl. She doesn't kiss. Although she advertises a long list of services, everything I asked for was extra (eg anal and rimmng). She only does CBJ, and she doesn't enjoy DATY particularly . As she saw I was getting interested in getting a face full of punani, she proceeded to lube up with the greasiest, easily foulest tasting shit I've ever encountered. She moved off the 69 position quite quickly, for which I was rather thankful for. 

So all in all, very average punt. I wouldn't waste your money. Your better off seeing Anna ( reviewed in another thread, and although her prices have raised by 50 bucks, I had a much more positive experience the second time I saw her. Sorry I haven't posted that one yet, I've been hella busy.)

Bj: 8
PSE: 6-7 ( little too much crazy and $$ for extras zzz)
Attitude : 5. Just average. All her 'it's extra' again
Body: 9
Sex: didn't go there 

Will I return? Na....

Scooby

P.s. any chance I'm getting close to silver? I know I'm not prolific but I do try to post all my punts! (Give me hope mods!) - cheers


Floor: #2
Post Time: 18th March 2015, 06:48 PM
Poster ID: WOTAN01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Where does she advertise scooby?


Floor: #3
Post Time: 18th March 2015, 07:34 PM
Poster ID: scoobydooer
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Shes on both backpage and if you search for 'AUSSIE MILF CRAWLER' and check out the crawler site, its a good site that seems to merge a few other sites together. If you stilk cant find it i'll post the website addys when i get home,


Floor: #4
Post Time: 18th March 2015, 08:05 PM
Poster ID: scoobydooer
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Escort.Sydney, Sydney CBD..milfy

Heres her ad. Now that i saw the ad again im even more disappointed. The price i paid was too high, and natural oral wasnt offered. I forgot to give a rating, so here it is: 3/10. As always YMMV, but i think its deserved considering the misinformation.


