Thread Title: Dee - Sydney (CBD) - 0401 030 368
Floor: #1
Post Time: 13th July 2011, 10:14 PM
Poster ID: reggid
Post Title: 
 Dee - Sydney (CBD) - 0401 030 368
				
Post Content: 
Went and saw this girl the other day

Private sophisticated Geisha, extremely pretty, playful Oriental delight $350 Sydney CBD - Sydney | Escort / adult | Erotic | Cracker

Welcome to check out my latest pics in June 2011. All my photos ARE genuine. money back guarantee (pls pay attention to details)

Name: Dee
Age: 23
Height: 5'7"
Dress size: 8 (34C. 25. 35)
Eyes: dark
Hair: long / dark
Background: Asian
occupation: uni student

I have a VERY pretty face and a genuine personality. I am a happy person in general who loves life, interested in Arts and music. I am vitality and naughty in the bedroom, fun and playful, will entice and pamper you, flirty and tender. Sparkling and outgoing, I have beautiful long hair, porn star lips, natural perky firm breasts, silky smooth skin, toned body and a SEXY bottom. My tight juicy pussy and my sweet tongue will take you to wonderland... Plus I'm gifted with affectionate oriental massage, spending time with me is magical: ) Let me cater to your every desire.

I live by myself in a nice, secured apartment in Sydney CBD(near town hall)
* In-call Rate: $350 an hour full service(GFE)

No Greek service, No group service
unprotected intercourse is illegal in THIS industry in NSW please do not intend with me
Feel free to contact me for enquiries (prefer text message. private number callers will always be ignored) 


Made a booking and she cancelled on me at the last minute so she said she would give me a $100 discount, so i made a booking for the next day. She was very genuine and apologetic

Age Early mid 20's
Tits 7/10 not large but awesome brickies thumbs
Looks 9/10 hot (100% MCOT)
Body 9/10 hot, nice, curvy and smooth, no chub at all. real pics but better in the flesh
BBBJ 8/10 very good and deep.
Sex 8/10 great sensation
Price $350/1 (i got $250/1 due to discount because she cancelled initially at last minute)

She is a student and has incall in nice apartment, she lives there and is a typical woman fancy clothes, shoes, moisturizers, soaps everywhere. Really hot asian girl that looks after herself and is very friendly. Services included LFK, FS, BBBJ, Massage, DATY was NOT available the only downside (but quite a large one).

I will probably see her again soon, if DATY was on the menu it would be ASAP.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 27th April 2012, 12:32 AM
Poster ID: Bracket
Post Title: 
 Dee - Sydney CBD - 0401 030 368
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Dee

Date of Visit : April 2012

Contact : 0401 030 368, Cracker (Private Sophisticated Geisha)

Age : mid-20s 

Size/shape : 170cm, B/C-cups, slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : mainland China

Services Provided : bbbj, DATY, FS, massage

Value for money/recommend? : yes

My experience/comments : Today I saw Dee for the second time, and most pleasurable it was too.  A trip away meant that this visit was some 2 months after my first.  Unlike my first visit, where she postponed at the last moment and offered me a $100 discount, today I would be paying full freight, $350 for an hour of her time.  Arranging the appointment was dead simple and I was knocking at her door barely an hour after first texting her.  I arrived at her block and after being buzzed up she opened the door with only her head poking around it.  As soon as I walked in I found out why - she was wearing a quarter-cup bra which allowed her magnificent tits to spill out in their full glory!  So completely unexpected and a real turn-on.  I was forced to take an immediate and quick nibble, which Dee graciously acceded to.


Dee was still finishing off curling her hair and when she turned to face the mirror I noticed that she had cupping marks all over her back - not my scene, but hey it's a free country!  After she comes out of the bathroom I take her place in the shower and notice that it's still the same mess that it was on my first visit, but at least the rest of her apartment is neat.  Her apartment is a studio, so there's just one overall living area with her bed smack in the middle, right next to a wardrobe with mirrored doors that offer wonderful reflections of the action on the bed.


After both of us mouthwashing, Dee walks towards me offering her lips for some DFK, something I'm not really into but am happy enough to go along with.  So I ask her what she thinks we should do next.  She then turns around to get on the bed in doggy position.  It's only then that I realise that the g-string she's wearing is crutchless, and there's a nice apricot in view just waiting to be licked and chewed!  I dive right in between her cheeks sliding my tongue along her slit and further upwards to her arsehole that's poking out either side of where the g-string "comes together" again.  She lets me know when my tongue hits the right spot which I naturally spend some time at.


Dee then turns over onto her back and asks whether she should remove her g-string.  I give permission and even help her.  The pussy that's revealed is a little more stubbly than my first visit and she says that she's in need of a shave.  To improve the view I ask her to use her hands to open her pussy, just like a porn-mag model.  After a little more DATY she volunteers to return the favour and, not wanting to argue with such a lovely lady, I lie back and let her take over.  When she gets into position I realise that our position is not optimal for viewing in the mirror, so we shift around until I have a wonderful view of her arse spread wide open while she's going down on me for a very nice bbbj.


Dee spends a lot of time pistoning her mouth up and down over my knob, which she's very good at, all the while maintaining good eye contact.  She's happy to oblige when I ask her to spend some time also on my shaft and balls.  I'm starting to feel hungry again and so I suggest some 69 which she is happy to oblige.  Dee's preference is for a sideways-69, where we each lie on our side.  It's not something I do normally, but it seems to work easily enough.  Maybe she feels it offers her a degree of relaxation not available when the lady is on top of the man.  She continues her excellent work on my cock while I go to work on her slit again.  Dee is very responsive and it's easy to tell when I've hit the right spot.  While hitting the spot I take the opportunity to ease the tip of my left ring finger (how appropriate!) into her arsehole.  She's let me know in the past that she's not into anal play, but now that I'm hitting the right spot with my tongue that hesitation seems to vanish and, if anything, her enjoyment sounds that it's being enhanced by my ring finger.


Now it's time to fuck, and Dee puts on the 'dom before jumping on in cowgirl while telling me that she wants to be doggied eventually.  Yes, ma'am!  We're angled towards the mirrored doors so that I have a perfect view of her going up and down on me from behind.  I then pull her down in a hug while continuing to fuck so that I now have a view of her arse spread wide again, this time with my dick sliding in and out of her pussy.  Dee's into spectator sports too and turns her neck so that she's also treated to the view in the mirrors.


Finally the time comes to go into doggy and Dee can't get into position quickly enough.  As I slide my dick in she cries for me to fuck her hard " 'cos I'm a horny bitch".  That prompts me not only to pump hard but also to re-insert my ring finger into her arsehole - only a little, but enough to make her gasp.  And in very quick succession I feel myself shooting my load.  Dee's kind enough to say that she loved it, but probably she says that to all the guys!


At this point there's still half an hour left, and Dee offers me a massage.  It's very good and we engage in interesting conversation.  I don't think I've commented yet on her English, but it's very good - to the point of being fluent, so conversation with her is easy.  In fact it's engrossing to the extent that I don't even think to try for a second shot.  No worries, 'cos I'll be back soon.


Dee advertises in Cracker, under Private Sophisticated Geisha.  She's mainland Chinese, mid-20s, slim, about 170cm with B/C-cups (not that that was relevant for the bra she was wearing today!) and is very pretty.


