Floor: #1
Post Time: 26th May 2010, 04:06 PM
Poster ID: boater
Post Title: 
 Demi - Melbourne / Sydney - 0404 867 341
				
Post Content: 
The tornado that is Paris swept into Sydney yesterday, bringing her 'filthy friend' Demi with her. 

While Paris got her 'two guys at once' for the evening, I spent the night in Demi.

ethnic origin - Half Maori, half Polish
estimated age or age range – late 20's
estimated height - 5' 6"
body shape (slim, curvy, etc.) - curvy, a bit rubenesque
estimated body size (eg size 8) and/or weight (kg), - size 8-10
skin colour - tanned
hair length & colour – long brunette
attractiveness of face - Friendly and attractive
level of English communication, - 100% fluency
comments on personality – Very friendly and conversation flowed.
Service: - A relentlessly horny woman
Any major "will not do's"? – Swallow
Price - $400 1st hr, $300 per hour after that, $1500 overnight (7pm till 10am inc sleep)
Rates: $1500 for 7pm to 10am inc sleep

Email: heavenlyplayxx@hotmail.com
Phone: 0404 867 341
Value for money/recommend ? 15 hours with a relentlessly horny woman for $1,500. Read the review below and decide for yourself.

Advertisement: http://cracker.com.au/sydney-nsw/ero......=1&pageno=1

There are some photos of her on cracker, and she is a little bit more rubenesque right now than the photos show, but by golly does this woman like sex and she knows her stuff.

She also likes cleanliness - so after some hugging and kissing on the bed she stripped me off, put me in the shower and jumped in with me. I was cleaned by this beautiful naked woman till I just about shone, then she dropped down (not someone who worried about some wet hair) and started with a good BBBJ that continued on the bed.

I managed to gasp out my 3 basic requests:
1)	If I do anything you don't not like, tell me so I can stop
2)	If I do anything you do like, tell me so I can do more
3)	Feel free to offer advice.

She acted in all three, starting with #3 and pretty soon I was laying with my head between her legs getting subtle instruction on EXACTLY how to eat her pussy. 

She has the softest lips and loved skin with a built in tan (she is a Kiwi with a Maori dad and Polish mum) 

She enjoys massages, head scratches, DKF and being fingered (as directed) while being eaten. 

She enjoyed a finger in her bum while I came in her mouth, on her hair and over her face (note: when she decides she is going to get you to cum using her mouth, you are going to - she is as unstoppable)

9pm and we take a break to go out to her choice of dinner (Chinese). Luckily one of the best Chinese restaurants in Sydney is just around the corner and we dined on exquisite Roast Pork Belly and delicate King Prawns with Snow Peas. She even had a go at chopsticks. Its been a LONG time since I have had better.

Retiring back to her room, there were hours more DATY - and I mean hours - I woke up with a stiff jaw - and its still stiff at 2:30pm. I have never met a woman who liked so much DATY (which is probably my favorite thing to do, so you could say we are well matched). Her comment to me was "its obvious a woman taught you to do that".

Mixed in were many more BBBJ (with big inhales of the smell - and low voiced ongoing comments to herself about the aroma, the taste of the pre-cum, the feel of it in her lips - which was big turn on for me). It was sort of like she had a lolly pop and was slowly enjoying it till she would suddenly decide it was time to eat it, when the action would explode.

Layered over all this was normal intercourse (with a lot of "you will NOT take a break now Boater"), vibrators, anal beads, anal sex, cuddles, conversation, massages, fingering, kissing, kissing, kissing and well, kissing.

At this point you probably don't need a photo of me sitting here melted into my chair to understand we covered a lot of ground. 

I am exhausted, I have a headache, I can barely stand up. I am just about shagged to death.

She is the most relentlessly horny woman I have ever met.

Is the Paris? No. 

Is she Lisa Isabella? No

She is Demi, a delight in her own right and I think she would be simply superb matched with either Paris or Lisa (or with both of them together - if you had death wish). 

She is here till Friday, maybe Sat. Go enjoy her while you can. Take an overnight if you can. There is hell to pay the next day, but its worth it.

Now I need to find a place to crawl off to die.

Prices (I believe) are the same as Paris. 

In my time on these boards I have been looking for working ladies that really really enjoy their jobs. 

I have found 4 with the help of the community. Paris, Holly in Albury, Abagail in Sydney, Lisa Isabella. 

Now I can add a 5th. 

I could say "Fuck me dead" - but she just about did.

Boater


Floor: #2
Post Time: 26th May 2010, 07:37 PM
Poster ID: Bob64
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Fantastic review
keep them coming


Floor: #3
Post Time: 26th May 2010, 09:36 PM
Poster ID: hard
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Absolutely fucking awesome review - I'm off to see the bank manager...


Floor: #4
Post Time: 27th May 2010, 01:35 PM
Poster ID: Overtheedge
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I better get into some training before i visit Demi.

I found myself huffing and puffing with my session with the lovely Lisa...

She sound sensational.

Thanks for the post


Floor: #5
Post Time: 27th May 2010, 09:51 PM
Poster ID: Demixx
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
boater - you were supposed to be asleep ages ago...... still hunting down the fuck fairy huh!!


Floor: #6
Post Time: 27th June 2010, 10:41 AM
Poster ID: mrflibble
Post Title: 
 Demi & Leena - two for the price of... two
				
Post Content: 
I had separately emailed both of these ladies after finding their ads separately (Demi - heavenlyplayxx@hotmail.com & Leena - essenceofspice@hotmail.com).  Demi replied & I corresponded with her to get further details (like that she is up visiting from Melbourne) & as a part of that was offered the opportunity of a double with Leena.  Who was I to say no .

It was arranged it visit them at a hotel @ the Haymarket end of the city for $800 – it's alot, but it had been awhile since I've had the opportunity & even longer since I've had the opportunity for a double.  The services on offer were of the 'PSE' variety with a teaser Demi's add that if you can make Demi cum, time gets extended.

Get to the room, Demi is an attractive brunette – not a showstopper, but more of a girl next door thing, with a fantastic body tight but curvy.  Leena is a larger girl with dyed red hair – not a BBW but with some flesh on her bones, attractive in a similar way to Demi.  

What does the service entail?  Well, it was a real PSE – no holes barred.  Demi has a dominant streak and she likes to direct the action.  I don't mind being lead around like that so I went along with for the first cum.  I ended up in Demi's greek entrance going hard at it with her screaming at me to go harder.  I'm not a spry teenager anymore, so I needed a rest after cumming.  The girls massaged me for a while, but got impatient and went back to my cock to get him back to life (sigh, if I have to ).  The second part of the service was more sensual with the three of us forming & reforming a chain.  Two would focus on the other participant and make them cum, then shift focus to another participant.  Really good stuff.  It got to the point where I couldn't tell who was doing what to me & I couldn't help but cum hard.

It was more than I usually like to spend, but the girls really put the effort in & I enjoyed myself hugely.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 19th October 2010, 09:47 AM
Poster ID: bumlovin
Post Title: 
 Demi - 0404 867 341
				
Post Content: 
Name: Demi
Contact Details: 0404867341
Rates: $400/h (all inclusive)
Services: Full PSE with some GFE (Kissing, DATY, BBBJ, Anal, Toys, COB, MSOG, etc.)
Age: Late 20's/Early 30's
Looks: Attractive
Dress Size: 12 
Height: 5' 8"
Hair: Dark Long
Nationality/Ethnicity: Kiwi, Half Caucasian-Half Maori
Tits: C Cup Natural
Pussy: Fully Shaved
Adornments: Some Tattoos

Demi is a sexy Amazon of a woman. She has a relaxed and very easy going personality, but is very energetic with a strong desire to please and certainly no clock watch, willing to go the extra mile to make sure you had a great time! Demi comes highly recommended from me and will her all inclusive PSE/GFE service offers incredible value for money. She currently resides in Melbourne but visits Sydney regularly, so if you happen to live in either city and after a real good PSE do yourself a favour and chase her up!


