Thread Title: Destiny - Ashfield - 0498 622 164
Floor: #1
Post Time: 23rd June 2013, 01:37 AM
Poster ID: Dr Strangelove
Post Title: 
 Destiny - Ashfield - 0498 622 164
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Destiny

Establishment : private ad on locanto, located in an Ashfield Motel

Date of Visit : June 2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0498622164

Hours of Business : on the day I enquired she started at 8pm. 

Rates : $100 for a "quickie" or $150 the hour

Age : 24

Size/shape : size 20, D cups

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian, but I think there's a dash of something else in there

Services Provided : bbbj, fs

Value for money/recommend? : it did the job 

My experience/comments : First off, a copy of her ad...

http://m.locanto.com.au/sydney/ID_16...bw-escort.html

24 yr old bbw escort - 24

Hi there my name is Destiny I'm 24 Australian professional escort I offer a range of services for a reasonable price new to Sydney if interested please contact me on 0498622164




Well I make no secret of liking the bigger chicks. 

I made my first enquiry via text in the early evening, confirmed her availability and prices and booked a time. 

She told me its $100 for a quickie or $150 the hour. I thought to myself that's an odd pricing system but figured what the hell and booked in for the hour. 

Drive to Ashfield, got the room number and headed in. She greeted me in a towel which I do like, means she's ready to go. 

I skipped the shower as I'd already told her I'd shower at home right before I left (which I did) to save her towels. 

Destiny is a big girl, about a size 18-20 with D cup breasts. Her ad states she is 24 and I'd believe it. She is Australian, but also with a definite tint to her skin. Long dark hair and a bare pussy. She had been nice enough to send me a full body pic too, so there were no surprises. 

I gave her the $150 and we got straight down to business. Some kisses and cuddles were followed by some bbbj which was surprisingly good. A play with her downstairs showed she was nice and wet too. 

It was a cold and miserable night, so I asked if she could get on top too keep me warm so it was on with the condom and we had her on top for a while. 

I find with some ladies, them on top works well and with some it doesn't. Wasn't quite working here so I got her to lay down and did some mish to finish. 

This was followed by a brief chat about her travel plans and the traffic of all things!

I found her to be a nice enough honest girl. A bit tired when I saw her but still an ok service. Potential to be alot better I think. 

On the way out I told her 150 per hour was too cheap for Sydney and slipped her another 50. So if you decide to see her and she's bumped her price, sorry about that! Having said that, I don't think she will. 

If you like the big chicks, give her a run. But don't leave it too long, I believe her stay is temporary.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 25th June 2013, 12:47 AM
Poster ID: JIRAN
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
went to see her last night, she is with her sister so both are available for about another week. both are BBW. destiny told me her sister is 27yo and does anal. but destiny does not. anyway when i arrived she was nervous and inexperienced at this. she is a country girl and this is her 1st time to sydney. chatted for a while to try and quell her nerves. some cuddles, kisses she started to relax, daty and she went off. followed by a very satisfying fuck. only if you like a young big country girl , she is genuine. nice change from the production line establishments.


