Thread Title: Devon Dior - Sydney - 0467 093 455
Floor: #1
Post Time: 9th May 2015, 09:29 PM
Poster ID: tales88
Post Title: 
 Devon Dior - Sydney - 0467 093 455
				
Post Content: 
Person's Nameevon Dior

Establishment: private

Date of Visit: April 2015

Contact Details Real pic 100% Anal VIP Model Escort. Asian mixed. Town Hall Incall . Devon Dior. Lots Extras. - Sydney escorts - backpage.com

Hours of Business: ring 

Rates:$550

Age: 25-30

Size/shape:Slim and busty

Nationality or Ethnicity: Japanese

Services Provided: Full Service

Value for money/recommend?: Great punt, no rush, anal and CIM offered

My experience/comments: 

Devon is a petite girl, about 155cm with nice firm c cups, and a great ass, just like her pictures, completely shaved. Jet black hair and a very quite submissive demeanour. Booking her was easy, she replies to messages within minutes to confirm time and location. Saw her at the Swissotel in the city. The room was clean and tidy. When i came in there was dim lighting and soft music playing in the apartment. 

We sat and chatted for a few minutes before payment was made. I jumped in the shower first. She came in and gave me a good washing. All the while she made good eye contact and chatted away. 

Jumped out of the shower and dried myself, she told me to lie face down on the bed. She started with a nice massage to loosen me up and started to kiss me all over. Lots of BBBJ and rimming from both of us. After about 15 minutes of heavy foreplay, i put on the dom and she started riding me on top. It was one of the best cowgirl experiences ive ever had, she really knows how to milk that cock with her pussy. I asked her to lay on her stomach and started inching my cock into her ass. She took it like a champ as I was able to her as hard as i wanted.
Finished up in her ass and then started to play with her pussy with a vibrator. Managed to make her cum rubbing the toy on her clit.
Session was up by then we jumped in the shower for a quick wash. 

Overall it was an amazing punt, would definately return. Money well spent.


