Thread Title: Dimple - Parramatta - 0401 569 105
Floor: #1
Post Time: 13th May 2020, 02:45 PM
Poster ID: You
Post Title: 
 Dimple - Parramatta - 0401 569 105
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Dimple

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : Not that long ago

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.escortsandbabes.com.au/P...endent/Dimple/

Phone :   0401 569 105

Hours of Business : "Available 24 hours!"

Rates : $300 ph

Age : 30

Size/shape : BBW

Nationality or Ethnicity : Indian

Services Provided : CBJ FS

Value for money/recommend? : No

My experience/comments : I saw the review from Bobdob and as I was unable to get at my usual Indian bbw, I thought I'd give her a try. 

First appearances. She's not a beauty, but she's young enough for gravity not too have had too great an effect. Her curves are firm to the touch. 
First disquiet was her add also mentions "Passionate Kissing," but in my case she avoided it after two kisses on the lips. 

There was also considerable body modification, quite a few tatts including one on her left boob and a tramp stamp, and pierced nose (septum rather than nostril), and that may not be all . . . 
When I tried to warm her up by going down town - I found the geography down there somewhat unfamiliar.

I also found the FOAM a little distracting. When I  came up or air, we reversed role, with an extremely vigorous CBJ, then she lubed up and climbed aboard, again she was into full sprint mode - no idea why, we had an hour.   

Her add mentions "Multiple positions" unfortunately the reality was very restrictive, cowgirl and mish was it. Anyway, I simply couldn't get over the line and we settled on a handy (at least initially with rubber on).
As with everything else she was an extremely vigorous (not a moderate) Stroker - an amusing coincidence because that's who prompted this review. 

Anyway after I popped she disappeared for more than 15 minutes, in the end I simply got dressed and left - waving a farewell on my way out. 
So I remain unsure whether she was post op, but of value for money there was no doubt (although YMMV).

I hope Chill reopens


Floor: #2
Post Time: 13th May 2020, 05:25 PM
Poster ID: Chalk010
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by You


When I tried to warm her up by going down town - I found the geography down there somewhat unfamiliar
"""



Would you care to elaborate?


Floor: #3
Post Time: 13th May 2020, 06:37 PM
Poster ID: You
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by Chalk010


Would you care to elaborate
"""



The largest and thickest clitoral hood I have ever seen - and by a considerable margin.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 6th June 2020, 12:41 PM
Poster ID: songa
Post Title: 
 Dimple parra -
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : dimple

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 11/5/2020

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: https://www.escortsandbabes.com.au/P...endent/Dimple/

Phone : +61401569105

Hours of Business : varys

Rates : $150/half $300/Hour

Age : 35ish

Size/shape : very large, size 18, c cup

Nationality or Ethnicity : indian

Services Provided : basic full service. No bbbj, no daty, no kissing, no cob

Value for money/recommend? : definitely no, dimple  provides very basic service and will not do any extras.

Txted her and took a while to book. I decided to go based on a previous review saying she does bbbj and is very frsiky. But this is so far from the truth.

Went to her appartment and handed over the cash and was expecting her to be very welcoming and touchy but she just took my money and told me to have a shower and left. She came back and i asked if she would do bbbj and she said she never does (despite previous reviews) the mood was so shit, but i already paid so i just did the deed amd asked if i could cum on her chest amd she said no. Came in the bag and quicker than i could pull out, she was pushing me off and grabbing the condom. Showered and left staright away, worst punt ever.

Highly recommend not going to her, i think xena / zena also works there, fairly sure they both provide similar service. Avoid this place


