Thread Title: Dina - Carlingford - 0433 673 293‬
Floor: #1
Post Time: 29th May 2020, 06:51 AM
Poster ID: Jivemonkee
Post Title: 
 Dina - Carlingford - 0433 673 293‬
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Dina

Establishment : Apartment in Carlingford

Date of Visit : March 2020

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://m.locanto.com.au/sydney/ID_4...LE-NOWxxx.html

Phone : .0433 673 293‬

Hours of Business : 11am until late

Rates : $200/hr

Age : 20s

Size/shape : 6 slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese 

Services Provided : Full service

Value for money/recommend? : Maybe

My experience/comments : From looking at the ad, I had a gut feeling this was going to be a bait and switch. When I got there, I was right but I went with it anyway.

I was taken to a room by a woman in her 30-40s and introduced to a young shy Asian girl j inn her underwear. The older woman closed the door and left us alone. She was kinda cute, nothing like the pic obviously but at least not bad. 

I took control as I knew she wasn't that experienced. Both butt naked at this point, we started making out and fondling. She had a bush but I knew she was going to be tight. She got wet real fast. The other lady knocked and walked back in to collect funds. She didn't seemed phased that we were getting it on. This kind of turned me on even more. Reaching for my wallet on the floor stopped out flow a bit. The girl had my cock in her hand the whole time. The older lady asked how I was liking it, I said not bad so far. She said she was new. She left and we resumed.

The entire session, I took charge which I didn't mind. She was open to almost every position (except anal). I didn't go to hard to her as I don't think she's that type of girl so it was more slow and smooth. She was super tight too. 

By the end, it was an okay experience. I would've preferred a girl who took charge and did most of the work. But she was young, cute, tight and very willing. Not bad if that's what you're after. Not sure she if she is there every other day as I suspect they would switch girls quite a lot here.


