Thread Title: Ebony - Zetland - 0426 559 596
Floor: #1
Post Time: 2nd January 2015, 09:11 AM
Poster ID: Ozcock
Post Title: 
 Ebony - Zetland - 0426 559 596
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Ebony

Establishment : Private in Zetland

Date of Visit : December 2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Exotic Chocolate Ebony for your pleasure - Sydney | Adult services | Erotic | Cracker

Hours of Business : Dont know,dont care

Rates : $100/30mins for RnT with extras at her discretion

Age : 24

Size/shape : Claims 10 but stumpy 12/14

Nationality or Ethnicity : French African

Services Provided : RnT and FS

Value for money/recommend? : No way

My experience/comments : Saw the photos in her ad and thought she looked hot and worth a try for a bit of variety. Easy to talk to on phone and sounded pleasant enough including admitting it was her pics when asked. Liar.

Was a prick to find the apartment as is in the new Meriton complex in Waterloo alongside South Dowling. made appointment and got given address with building number and told the standard "call when you're downstairs". Did as instructed and this is when alarm bells should have been raised as when i called she told me to wait downstairs as she'll come and get me rather than buzzing me up.

This waiting could be a problem for some as cameras everywhere outside with i'm sure security monitoring some fuck like me loitering. She took ages and i nearly walked which would have been the right decision. Finally she arrived and was crystal clear pics in ad werent her. I didnt raise it as an issue as i just wanted to be blown.(idiot me).

Anyone get up to room (12thFl) and quite clean aprtment with another girl (asian) working out of there also. Did the standard money exchange,shower and then i get to see the goods. She's stumpy with big tits and fucken hairy. You know the african type with even sideburns and hair over her arse and tops of her legs.

She started the regular massage which was very fucken ordinary but with a lot of cock and ball massage. On the flip she tried to get me for an extra $50 for HJ or FS but i declined. Brought me to orgasm ,showered up and got the fuck out of there.

One thing i love about this forum is outing liars. This girl is a liar with false pics and a false description.The girl in the pics i would have as an 8-9. Stumpy in apartment would be a 3-4.

Anyway today or tomorrow time for another punt so hopefully a much more fullfilling experience.

Happy Punting


Floor: #2
Post Time: 2nd January 2015, 09:18 AM
Poster ID: reggid
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
i just don't bother with ads where the pics look fake and haven't bothered with a cracker ads in a while for this reason.

sorry you wasted your hard earned but at least you escaped with "only" 100 wasted...


Floor: #3
Post Time: 2nd January 2015, 10:39 AM
Poster ID: Ozcock
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Sorry guys. Should read Zetland not Waterloo.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 2nd January 2015, 11:13 AM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Ebony's Cracker ad,






Exotic Chocolate Ebony for your pleasure
(this ad originated from outside australia)

Price: $100.00
Location: Sydney
Viewed: 2783
Date Posted: 30/12/2014
Ad ID: 404482589

Unable to Render Image Unable to Render Image Unable to Render Image Unable to Render Image

Hi,
I am Ebony, a 24 years old black beauty, about 10 with voluptuous curves all in the right places. I am Busty with a luscious, soft and firm E cup with mega sensitive nipples!

I provides an unrushed oily, a very erotic massage and a lot more...... I am truly passionate, sensual and inhibited. I love what I do and most of all, I enjoy uncomplicated intimacy.

If you are looking for an exquisite and unforgettable time with a gorgeous, a free-spirit and intelligent lady, then look no further and call me!!!!


SERVICES PROVIDED & RATES

EROTIC MASSAGE
From $100 per 30min

EXTRAS AVAILABLE (AT MY DISCRETION)

SERVICES AVAILABLE

EROTIC MASSAGE
69
KISSING
LIGHT BODY KISSING
LIGHT BONDAGES
DIRTY TALKS
SEXY LINGERIE
MUTUAL MASTURBATION.
SPANKING....
AND A LOT MORE.....

ANYTHING ELSE IN MIND, JUST ASK!!!

NO ANAL! !!!
PRIVATE PHONES WON'T BE ANSWERED!!!!
contact seller
Phone: 0426559596


Floor: #5
Post Time: 2nd January 2015, 01:54 PM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by Ozcock


Person's Name : Ebony

Establishment : Private in Zetland

Date of Visit : December 2014
.
.
One thing i love about this forum is outing liars. This girl is a liar with false pics and a false description.The girl in the pics i would have as an 8-9. Stumpy in apartment would be a 3-4 ..
"""



Thank you for your review Ozcock.

I have removed some of the anger you expressed at this disappointing experience.

What's left is not a happy story and a warning to future customers, which is surely what you
intended.

You are welcome to PM me or the other mods if you wish to pursue this.

fartichoke


Floor: #6
Post Time: 2nd January 2015, 03:36 PM
Poster ID: Ozcock
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
No problem from my perspective,all good.

Was just pissed off when i saw here ad again this morning on Pg1 of cracker and knowing there'd be other suckers like me succumb to the power of the punt.


