Thread Title: Eliza - Sydney CBD - 0431301836
Floor: #1
Post Time: 26th May 2019, 06:09 PM
Poster ID: thorse
Post Title: 
 Eliza - Sydney CBD - 0431301836
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Eliza

Establishment : 

Date of Visit : 22/04/2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 

Phone : 0431301836

Hours of Business : 

Rates : $250 p/h

Age : 

Size/shape : 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian

Services Provided : FS

Value for money/recommend? : Average

My experience/comments : Come across Eliza’s ad on E&b (since taken down). Photos look reasonable for price point so decide to take a short notice punt. Send off txt and receive reply not long after with address in Surry hills. Head over to apartment, she opens the door and am slightly disappointed. Not the prettiest face, and heavier than pics (prob real but outdated) decent tits but. Decide to proceed anyway. Place was fairly dark inside and a bit rundown Also. 

 Quick shower in bathroom that felt a bit unclean, then head out into bedroom where she is waiting. Decide to get straight into it so opt for cbj (bbj extra but decide against any extras). Pretty mechanical and average but get there in the end. Laid down and she gives a pretty average massage, bit awkward due to language barrier. Turn over for hj action to get going again. Daty was available but just wanna get out quick so decide to skip. 

 Dom on and start in mish for a bit, then she get on top for cowgirl, pretty clinical so far but pretty great view of her tits bouncing around. Eventually turn her over for doggy to finish up. Pretty firm ass so that was a plus. Quick clean up and out the door. 

 Pretty average experience, prob wouldn’t go back


Floor: #2
Post Time: 15th April 2020, 08:48 PM
Poster ID: pashon8
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks for the heads up. I may still toftt if I can desperate enough.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 15th April 2020, 09:32 PM
Poster ID: andrewblake
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
It is reminded that a full template is to be completed and filled out where possible and any website, links or advertising posted.. a incomplete template serves not much purpose as there is no point of reference or contact.

It also serves a purpose as for those who utilise the TAPATALK forum app that we are affiliated with shows that our set up and format is optimised and valuable for speed reading.. that's why we INSIST that the template to be filled out in full.. I am sure those that utilise this app and service can attest to the easy and navigation of the forum.. 

Our structure and insistence is for your benefit.. not ours.. 

AB


Floor: #4
Post Time: 23rd April 2020, 08:19 PM
Poster ID: milkyjoe
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I saw her aswell and thought bbbj would be included. I was also kinda shocked when entering, quite chubby, and face not super attractive, kind of a little bit of a moustache aswell. She was nice though, English wasn’t to bad and well mannered, it wasn’t a flashy apartment but it was clean and well looked neat and tidy when I was there anyway.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 4th June 2020, 05:32 PM
Poster ID: CrispyEggplant
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by milkyjoe


I saw her aswell and thought bbbj would be included. I was also kinda shocked when entering, quite chubby, and face not super attractive, kind of a little bit of a moustache aswell. She was nice though, English wasn’t to bad and well mannered, it wasn’t a flashy apartment but it was clean and well looked neat and tidy when I was there anyway
"""



Read elsewhere that she's a post-op TS, can you confirm?


