Thread Title: Ella (Missy) Wechat - North Ryde - 0451 055 188
Floor: #1
Post Time: 21st May 2018, 09:40 PM
Poster ID: tales88
Post Title: 
 Ella (Missy) Wechat - North Ryde - 0451 055 188
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Ella (Missy)

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : April 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0451055188 - North Ryde (Message for address)

Hours of Business : 10 til 10 (Message for confirmation

Rates : 220 p hour

Age : 30's

Size/shape : 8

Nationality or Ethnicity : Japanese / Brunei?

Services Provided : Full Service, BBJ, Massage

Value for money/recommend? : Would return, good value for money.

My experience/comments : Messaged Missy (who is now called Ella) and get very quick responses. She likes to have a chat and did follow up with me after my session to make sure I had a good time. Booked her during the day and was given directions to her apartment at North Ryde. Very clean apartment, shes just moved in and lives with another asian WL.

Missy is easy on the eye, i would say her face is about a 6/10 but has a nice curvy body, great ass and smallish tits. Overall quite toned and well maintained.

Just in the shower then layed down on the her bed for a quick massage. The massage was ok, it was more a warm up and flirt to get us in the mood. She flipped me over and started french kiss">DFK for a few minutes, lots of mutal touching and stroking. She commenced a pretty decent BBBJ, managed to get me all the way in her small mouth. I returned the favor in 69 and got a great view of her toned ass.

Put the DOM on and she straddled me for a good 10 minutes grabbing my hands and putting them on her ass and tits. Flipped her over and started some heavy pounding in doggy which she really seemed to like. She pushed back against me pretty hard to make sure i was getting some nice long strokes in. Finished up after another 15 minutes. We layed down and she gave me a nice massage and we had a chat. She gave me another BJ and finished me off with her hands for round 2.

Overall a very good value punt, she works hard and is very polite and flirty.


