Thread Title: Elle - Sydney CBD - 0473 192 638
Floor: #1
Post Time: 3rd March 2015, 08:20 PM
Poster ID: jsharp
Post Title: 
 Elle - Sydney CBD - 0473 192 638
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Elle

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : December 2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0473 192 638 
Elle Sydney - Sydney escorts - cracker.com.au

Hours of Business : unsure 

Rates : 150 Half Hour, 300 Hour FS 

Age : Late 20s 

Size/shape : Long, Slender

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : FS, Kissing, others listed but not requested.

Value for money/recommend? : Yes 

My experience/comments : It's been a few months since I saw Elle now, but I remember it was the legs she was showing off in her adds that first caught my attention. At 150 for a half hour I decided to get in contact and booked a short session that morning. Once I'd found my way to the private residence she was working out of (and older 2 storey building with a tidy interior) she greeted me at the door in a light street dress and led me up a narrow staircase to a comfortable bedroom.
Deposited my clothes on the lounge she kept in there and availed myself of a clean, but cramped shower.

Elle is graced with a long and slender body, which - while it doesn't scream sex - was certainly enough to have me stirring as she slipped out of her dress and removed her remaining scraps of underwear. The overall vibe I was getting at this stage I'd have to classify as fuckbuddy. A comfortable feeling that I'd just popped over for some mutual relief with an old classmate from Uni.
I stepped into her arms and took a few minutes to appreciate the novelty of long kiss with a woman roughly the same height as me before we made our way to the bed.
I must have been feeling rather direct at that stage, because I chose to completely forego any kind of BJ and pulled her up lying on our sides some light kissing and easy access to her neck, shoulder and breasts while enjoying the feel of her long legs tangled in my own.

Soon enough her hip must have picked up on the hint and Elle leant over to retrieve a dom and suited me up. I guided her straight into cowgirl and took the chance to admire the view as she began moving back and forth.
For a half hour session I wasn't looking for the earth to move, and the quick build up and satisfying conclusion left me with a pleased smile on my face as we cleaned off.

Probably won't return, although I was happy with the outcome.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 3rd March 2015, 08:43 PM
Poster ID: ytrewq
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
$300 seems like great value.  Her pics and advertised services look great.  Very nice find


