Thread Title: Ellie Tate - Sydney CBD - 0401 740 574
Floor: #1
Post Time: 21st February 2019, 02:13 PM
Poster ID: mikesausage
Post Title: 
 Ellie Tate - Sydney CBD - 0401 740 574
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Ellie Tate

Establishment : Private apartment

Date of Visit : 13/02/2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Sydney CBD,  https://www.escortsandbabes.com.au/P...t/EllieTate69/

Phone : 0401-740-574

Hours of Business : 10am - 8pm most days

Rates : $400/hr ($300 30mins, $350 45mins)

Age : 20

Size/shape : Petite sz 8, B-cup? slim all over

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie caucasian

Services Provided : kisses and cuddles, DFK, BBBJ, 69, FS

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : 
Had my eye on Ellie's ad for a little while, when her ad stated the $400/hr now included natural french I couldn't resist sending a text for a meetup.  She was pretty prompt in replying and the appointment was made with minimal fuss.  The apartment was very convenient to the CBD, got the code on arrival and was at the door.

Ellie has GND looks, very smiley and chatty, lovely slim figure, greeted me in skimpy lingerie. Got the business and shower out of the way.  Found her in the bedroom and commenced with some nice kissing, wet and active tongue and she was not shy in rubbing up against my package with her body and hands...   Before long I was on my back on the bed, she had lost the lingerie and was taking me in her mouth, which felt great, not quite DT but almost.  After  few minutes she grabbed a condom for the main event but wanting to prolong the french, I suggested a 69 which was great and went on for a good amount of time.  Eventually it got me near the edge so we got the cover and went hard at several positions and before long had a pretty satisfying explosion.

Overall a pretty good punt.  Ellie is much more pale than the photos suggest but her body is very sexy.  A energetic GND fuck bunny.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 8th March 2019, 08:20 PM
Poster ID: simon82
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Ellie Tate

Establishment : Private apartment

Date of Visit : 7/03/2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Sydney CBD,  https://www.escortsandbabes.com.au/P...t/EllieTate69/

Phone : 0401-740-574

Hours of Business : need to ask the girl

Age : 21

Size/shape : Petite sz 8, B-cup? slim all over

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie caucasian

Services Provided : kisses and cuddles, DFK, BBBJ, 69, FS

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : 
been waiting to see this girl but when i read her review and her price includes bbj so i don hesitate to make appointment with her
tried to booked her on wed but she wont be able till 6pm cus she is working and thats problem with me and i asked her what about tomorrow lunch and she said sure for an hour
when i met her at her apartment in city is very convenient and we process with money then i take a quick shower
we started with kiss then into dfk after that i try to daty her pink treasure with slowly a finger and she was fine with it till she cum  
after she cum she said she wants my little bro then i let her to have it with nice bbj 
when i cant hold any more i asked to dom 
she asked me what position i like then i said i prefer on miss so we start with miss then doggy with the rest position that i like
after done we had chat and tbh its very comfortable with being her cuz she is like ur GND
she told me that she needs to back to work and next time when i see her again she will give more xtra time even tho we had kinda 58 mins lol


overall she is very nice girl and no discrimination i wish she will be my gf lol


