Thread Title: Eloise - Blacktown - 0481 137 973
Floor: #1
Post Time: 10th February 2015, 09:34 AM
Poster ID: sandsifter
Post Title: 
 Eloise - Blacktown - 0481 137 973
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Eloise

 Establishment : Private/Westmead NSW

 Date of Visit : Feb 2015

 Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0481137973/Westmead NSW/  http://cracker.com.au/blacktown-sydn...2&region=10553

Hours of Business : Wed,Thurs,Fri and some other days vary  11.00am to late

 Rates : $80/60 mins...$125/90 mins

 Age : Around 30

 Size/shape : BBW, Big boobs D+,Shaved snatch.

 Nationality or Ethnicity : Mediterranean or Lebanese

 Services Provided : Massage, CBJ,Daty

 Value for money/recommend? : Good value but not sure if it's worth a return visit.

 My experience/comments :
Spotted this ad on Cracker a week or so ago and tried making contact  last week via text ,ringing direct from mobile and landline without a  response but decided to give it another shot this week and got a reply  straight away.So booked for 12.00 pm and asked for address which she  texted through along with a couple of pics of herself wearing very  little.

Anyway I rocked up a little early to place which was a unit and got the  buzz up to be greeted by a Eloise in black lingerie and one of those  tops that squeeze the life out of boobs.Her face was attractive and she  was on the larger size but hey I'm no stick insect.Nice clean place and  was led into a bedroom where there was the customary mirrored wardrobe  and double bed.Asked for the hot stone massage for 90 mins but could  only get 1 hour. I do wish there had been a massage table though as beds  are not designed for a proper massage.

I paid her $110 and was told to get a shower,again very clean  bathroom.Got myself face down on the bed where I know it's hard to relax  when you're struggling to breathe through a pillow hence to beauty of  the massage table.She came in with a pan of hot water carrying the  stones but wasn't sure what to expect as it was first time using  them.The massage was alright with a combination of warm oil and then  even warmer stones going up my back and then along my legs.She was still  dressed in her attire at this stage but after 10 minutes was asked to  turn over where the hot stone massage continued.

Now she had taken her top and bottom off. Very voluptuous,a bit like a  small bouncy castle but in a nice way.After about 10 mins of massage she  started to work on the old John Thomas.Not with her hands but with a  bodyslide that started from her ample boobs down to her gaping  flaps.This was nice and I thought she can't be thinking off letting me  slide in unannounced or worse still,uncovered.But no it was all part of  the tease and also to get me standing to attention.She then started to  give me a handjob and then asked if I wanted a Blowy.Oh yes  please,didn't see that on the menu.Commonsense prevailed and she stuck a  condom on me before starting a very nice blowjob.

I was aware that I might be close to coming and only half a hour had  gone so decided to take some control back and asked if could give her  some daty.No problem as she rolled onto her back and I went down on a  search and rescue mission.Where was that little button as I went deeper  and deeper into the abyss.Shit I might need a snorkel as breathing was  getting difficult light was non existent.Still I persevered and did my  best impression of a vacuum/washing machine.I decided a finger should go  looking for the G-spot,mmmmm maybe two fingers.....three....oh bugger  it my hand disappeared into the cavern which pushed her over the  edge.All the while I just kept  thinking there wouldn't be much point  sticking my cock in her as it would be like throwing a sausage into the  habour tunnel.

Anyway mopped all her juices up and let her finish me off with a cbj  which was a bit rushed and a little cold in her reaction. When I came  she jumped up,threw some tissues on me,offered me the shower and left  the room.The hour was up and I was out the door and as I got into my car  could see the next punter going through the entrance.Maybe she needs to  have that 15-30 mins gap between punts so not to leave a poor  impression to what should have been a great experience.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 10th February 2015, 02:04 PM
Poster ID: Paris LeCoq
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by sandsifter


.All the while I just kept  thinking there wouldn't be much point  sticking my cock in her as it would be like throwing a sausage into the  habour tunnel
"""



ha, classic quote!


Floor: #3
Post Time: 10th February 2015, 02:23 PM
Poster ID: Blatchford
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Good fun! Thanks for that!


Floor: #4
Post Time: 10th March 2016, 12:00 PM
Poster ID: flygtfalcon
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Elouise

Establishment : Private operator In guildford NSW, 3 minutes walk from guildford train station.

Date of Visit : mar 7

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: 0481137973

Only available for a few hours on certain days, best to send a text.

Rates : $80, 60 mins + super erotic nude massage & tug

Or FS is available $85, 30mins

Age : mid 20's

Size/shape : cute looking euro/aussie, very busty.
She is xtra large and self conscious. 

Nationality or Ethnicity : euro/aussie

Services Provided : 60 mins very erotic nude massage & tug, she used every part of her body and is very horny.

Value for money/recommend? : 
I loved it, others may not be able to get past her physique.


My experience/comments : 

Let me pre-face this by saying that Eloise is a very large girl! 

Don't mention her weight or size and she will treat you as her king.

She met me very nice lingerie, her massive boobs were fighting to stay restrained.

If you're looking for a slim Asian type girl forget about this one. 

She is can be somewhat difficult to get a hold of her, texts seemed the only way she would accept a booking.

She only works during the day, so more like a lunchtime liaison.

Located in a very clean single bedroom apartment in guildford, not far from parramatta in Sydney.

The place had minimal furniture, It would seem that she doesn't actually live here, but uses it on a temporary basis.  Others may also use this place.

Photos are correct, her face is much cuter in real life.
She is a lot larger than in the photos, so extra bulk is an issue for you, please take note.

She is truly a master of the tug.  She used her huge bust and body to extract every last drop. She prolonged the blow for as long as possible until I could hold no longer and emptied all over her boobs. She seemed disappointed that I blew, I think she wanted to keep going with the teasing.

Showered before and after.

I say the price is cheap for a private young chubby who loves what she does.

I felt very relaxed, and blew a huge load, I will be back.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 10th March 2016, 01:23 PM
Poster ID: ytrewq
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I've had a session with her too,  at first I was put off by her size as she was bigger than expected but I actually found her quite beautiful,  especially her face is very attractive and I have been meaning to see her again but her ads seem hard to find on a regular basis.  

Sent from my Nexus 5 using Tapatalk


Floor: #6
Post Time: 26th May 2016, 12:03 AM
Poster ID: flygtfalcon
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Elouise

Establishment : Private operator permanently operating from guildford

Perhaps the mods can change the title as Blacktown is no longer an option

Date of Visit : may 20

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: 0481137973

Limited availability usually 10:00am - 3:00pm
I have only been able to secure a booking by text.  

She initiated the session by sending a text inviting me to visit.

Some punters may not like this, she saves your number and makes notes, and will randomly text to invite you over.

Rates : $80, 60 mins + super erotic nude massage & tug

Or FS is available $85, 30mins

Age : mid 20's

Size/shape : I find her to be cute and very sensual.
euro/aussie look and makes an effort with makeup and grooming.
larger girl with massive boobs
Fully shaved
Visits the beautician regularly, nice nails, eyebrows hair etc.

Nationality or Ethnicity : possibly Maltese/Aussie mix

Services Provided : same price as before, 60 mins extra erotic nude massage & tug.

Value for money/recommend? : 
100% yes from me for this young chubby who loves her job.

My experience/comments : 

She was waiting behind the door naked and immediately started taking off my clothes.

Ushered straight into the bedroom and the pampering began, Including hot rocks prepared in a rice cooker.

I emptied twice in the session and she even tried for a third but I couldn't do it.

Showered with baby shampoo, dressed and left.

She was generally happy to see me and remembered details of our previous conversations. I may be getting extra special treatment so ymmv.

My first visits were timed using a mobile phone alarm, not so now

I have seen this girl a few times now, and she is very comfortable and really knows what she is doing.

$80 is an absolute bargain, I will be back.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 27th May 2016, 01:09 PM
Poster ID: payforplay
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Send her up to Hervey Bay please 

P4P


Floor: #8
Post Time: 1st September 2016, 05:16 PM
Poster ID: surfiejo
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Eloise

Establishment : private

Date of Visit : Thursday 1/9

Girls Photos : Nil

Photo Genuine : N/A

Hours of Business : 10 Am till late

Rates : $85 for 1/2  & $150 per hour

Age : young 20's

Size/shape : shortish 5'3", size 20 or more BBW  toned, soft skin, natural f cup saggy tits

Pussy :slightly  hairy

Roster:  works mon to fri

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian 

Services Provided :  CBJ, FS

Review 

Had a punt out of backpage, read her ad, gave her a call, she sounded quite nice on the phone.
Kinda difficult to get hold of, but did so none the less, and pre booked an hour interlude.
Arrived at the prescribed time, and entered her unit in Guildford. First thing i notice is an extension lead plugged into the communal hallway powepoint running under her front door. Anyhow she is a very large girl, pretty face but large. She has the waistline of a truck tyre. I proceeded regardless assuming her service would be ok. 
Handover the money ushered into the shower. She tells me there is no light as its blown, and apologieses. So i have the shower in the dark. Anyhow out of the shower and onto the bed, for an ok CBJ, not really my thing, but blew regardless.
Roll over for a single handed back massage, which was pretty ordinary.
10 mins later another CBJ,  then into doggie for 5 mins until she asked to stop and head out to another room, where her puppy was located.
Back to the bed and another CBJ until i blew.
10 mins of conversation and a shower in the dark again.

In the way out aaid goodbye, she is pleasant enough but she was fairly detached and mechanical.

I rate it as a lousey experience and no way would i return. The room was filthy and the mattress was on the floor.


****  review will be posted on various forums under different aliases ****


