Thread Title: Eloise Parker - Sydney CBD - 0452 076 480
Floor: #1
Post Time: 4th August 2015, 05:29 PM
Poster ID: Lizard
Post Title: 
 Eloise Parker - Sydney CBD - 0452 076 480
				
Post Content: 
Person Name: Eloise Parker

Establishments: Private

Date of visit:20/5/2015

Contact detail: https://scarletblue.com.au/escort/eloise-parker/

Hours of business: Contact Eloise

Rates: $450 ph

Age: Late 20's

Size/shape: very fit size 8

Nationality/Ethnicity: Caucasian

Service provided: B&D

Value for money: grate, will visit again

My experience/comment:
On a cold and wet day in May I had the pleasure of meeting Miss Eloise Parker, and all I can say is that she warmed me up in all possible ways!

Communication was tricky at times, partly due to me getting dates mixed up and having to reschedule to the next day. Texting seems to be the best method of reaching her.

I was interested in a pretty young submissive, and though Miss Parker is a Mistress sometimes she also switches, and so I decided to go ahead.

 Arriving at the discrete apartment I was met by Eloise at the door. She really is a beautiful lady in the 'girl next door' mould. If anything her pictures on private girls undersells her attractiveness by darkening the light too much.
This apartment has a dungeon on the upper floor and is booked to various mistresses and subs. Unlike my previous such place, the Kastle, this was beautifully clean and decorated nicely.

She showed me in and then directed me to the shower which was actually rather nice. Afterwards I came in, exchanged the cash and we sat and talked for a good ten minutes discussing the scene and some of her other experiences. She's a wonderfully engaging girl who fully explained her limits so there was no problems there.

I'm a somewhat amateur dom but I don't like going too hard anyway so things were very light-hearted throughout. After stripping her out of her lovely dress and panties I gave her a nice light spanking (she didn't want marks) and got down for a nice CBJ. This didn't worry me much, but keep in mind that she doesn't do BBBJ if that's your thing.
After that I moved to some teasing and fingering. One thing to remember, she is very animated at all times and she cums really hard, so when I brought her to climax she was in a pleasant afterglow for a few minutes afterwards!

Moving on to a bondage bench I secured her, and after slipping on a new rubber entered her from behind. She does do Greek, but I didn't want that. However, I was able to draw another orgasm out of her on the bench. After that she was trembling all over.
With that done we moved back to the floor where she gave me a very pleasant handjob and then I fucked her again, drawing out a third and half of a 4th orgasm from her. We finished off with some cuddling and handjobbing on the floor.

Once I'd showered again and dressed she was happy to answer questions and was very friendly and nice. In all the hour session went on a good 80-90 minutes with no clock-watching at all.

I would heartily recommend Eloise to anyone seeking a dom, sub, or vanilla companion. She's a beautiful girl with a great personality and very reasonable value indeed.


