Floor: #1
Post Time: 25th March 2016, 09:58 AM
Poster ID: Happy Pills
Post Title: 
 Emily Burton - Sydney -  0477 818 479 / 0413 619 941
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Emily

Establishment : PWL (outcall Only)

Date of Visit : March 2016

Contact Details/Address : 0477 818 479 (you will be dealing with Dave who makes all the girls bookings)

Current Web : Independent Sydney Student Escorts | Emily Burton - Kinky and Alternative Independent Teen Escort in Sydney

Hours of Business : check website for availability

Rate : $300 per hour

Age : 19

Size/shape : slim, size 6, a cups, brunette

Nationality : Australian

Services Provided : BBBJ, covered sex, DFK, Daty, multiple positions....

Value for money/recommend? : Was a good session, definitely value for money.....

Was originally trying to see if Alexis was available but Emily was the only one available that night.

Booked for 9:30, she had a bit of trouble finding the address, so had to go down to find her.  She is very much the girl next door type, braces wearing jeans, tee shirt and hoody..... Hair was dyed blue..... I found her cute, she has a few tattoos, but is very easy to chat with.....

Up we go.... Hand over the money and we start to strip, she joins me on the bed with a bit of idle chit chat whilst we start DFK.... She is very easy to talk to but appears a little nervous every at the start.
Emily is very thin, and very small breasts, cute little but, enough of a butt to get a hold of during the session....
Whilst we are kissing she climbs on top whilst my hands go exploring.... She grabs my rock hard cock at one point and starts rubbing it against her pussy whilst I am rubbing her clit at the same time....
She makes her way down to start a good BBBJ.... Good tongue action, fairly deep and good hand action...... 
Anyway after a while I return the favour, whilst massaging the g spot..... She totally looses herself and cums hard a couple of times.... A small squirt as well to top it off....
On with the dom then she climbs on top, she really gets into it.... Then doggy, then missionary.... We stop for a break, then chat and more DFK as we make our way back into it..... We finish with her on top, her wanking me against her inner thigh, whilst I was massaging her clit whilst she is biting my neck and ear etc.... Great finish.... Blew a big load....

She hops in the shower and I let her out, look at the time she was here for over an hour and a half, definitely not a clock watcher....

Will definitely be looking to try Emily and a couple of the other girls on the site out....

Happy Pills


Floor: #2
Post Time: 31st December 2016, 12:44 PM
Poster ID: jono87
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Emily Burton

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 11/16

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Incalls Ryde 3rd-5th with tiny wild teen Emily. - Sydney escorts - backpage.com.au

Hours of Business : Varies, best to contact

Rates : from $300 at the time but have now went up to $400

Age : early 20's

Size/shape : skinny 4-6

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : GFE, BBBJ, Kissing, DATY

Value for money/recommend? : Yes, YMMV

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

Say Emily's ad and was attracted to her tattoos. Emily is a very thin girl and have a very small boobs, if you're a boob man look elsewhere. It seem that she is no longer with the previous agency as she is doing the booking all by her self. At the time I saw her she was doing incall from a unit in Edgecliff but have now moved to Ryde area. 

Arrive at the unit and was greeted by her with a warm welcome and lead to a bedroom. She asked if I want to freshen up which accepted even though I had a shower just before. When I came out from the shower she was waiting for me on the bed wearing just her lingerie and motion me to come over and we started kissing and exploring each other and she found her way down to provide an excellence BBBJ. As usual after a while I return the favor and went down on her. She have a smooth shave pussy. Somehow we ended up in the 69 position. Next she grabs a condom, hops on top for cowgirl position, followed with doggy and ending with missionary. We lay next to each other for a chat not long before I have a shower and parted our ways. 

The reason I say YMMV is due to I feel like Emily is more suited for a PSE style which she offer (extra) and during our chat she did say she prefer those session more. Overall I was happy.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 3rd January 2017, 06:03 PM
Poster ID: milkyjoe
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Not a bad find. Nice website to. Really hard to find genuine young hot cauc girls for a reasonable price these days.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 17th May 2017, 05:44 PM
Poster ID: foxm7
Post Title: 
 Emily Burton 0413 619 941
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Emily Burton

Establishment : Independent

Date of Visit : March 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0413 619 941 https://emilyburton989.wixsite.com/emilyburton  (North Western Sydney but moves around)

Hours of Business : On website

Rates : 400 / hour

Age : early 20's

Size/shape : short, Slim, size 6, 

Nationality or Ethnicity : White european

Services Provided : BJ, DFK , sex, more details on website

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : Emily is a very slim young woman, when I saw her she was a brunette but her photos show her with dyed blue hair as well. Arranged a meeting via SMS after a couple of attempts. I wouldn't call her glamorous, she has more of a girl next door, a little bit emo. Quite a few artful tattoos as well. The apartment we met in wasn't particularly great, it was a bit messy, though it was good enough for the encounter. 
After showering we started the encounter, she is quite a good kisser. After at lot of passionate kissing, there was some oral from me and from her before the sex. It seemed more like a sex buddy experience with passionate kissing. Afterwards, we chatted for a bit, she seems quite nice. I would be happy to see her again sometime.


