Thread Title: Emma Jane - Mascot (tours) - 0408 013 641
Floor: #1
Post Time: 27th December 2018, 04:54 PM
Poster ID: aabro10
Post Title: 
 Emma Jane - Mascot (tours) - 0408 013 641
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Emma Jane 

Establishment : pwl

Date of Visit : late Dec 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.aussieplaymate.com.au 

Phone : 0408013641

Hours of Business : changes, see website

Rates : paid $400 for 25 mins 

Age : 40s

Size/shape : big tits, big ass, chubby belly

Nationality or Ethnicity : australian white

Services Provided : cbj, cfs, daty, 

Value for money/recommend? : NO WAY

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

I follow Emma Jane on Twitter, she tours all over Aus. Noticed she was in Mascot so called her up to make a booking. In the process I asked if she does bbbj and boy did that set her off. Hung up thinking it was off and went about my life. Got a text much later that day (lucky the Mrs didn't see) stating she'd do it for $600 per hour. Left it alone but in a moment of weakness decided to go ahead with just the cbj for an already steep $400. 

She was working out of a serviced apartment near the airport. I arrive and she's wearing some dull home clothes, looking very unsexy. I pay up and jump in the shower. Get out, go to the bedroom and she's naked, with a 'lets get this over and done with 'attitude about her. Now, her photos online are definitely retouched. She has nice breasts and a big bum, but the belly is very saggy, maybe she lost a bit of weight? Give her a decent titty fuck, before a below average cbj.  Decide I'd rather just give her one, so few minutes in doggy, cowgirl then bang away in mish and cum in the bag. 

This is where things got weird. She tells me to lie down and she will clean up. Ok I thought. She grabs about 20 tissues and pulls the dom off. The makes this weird tissue turban structure over my Dick and says just leave that. I didn't really listen and proceed to use the tissues to wipe my Dick, cleaning up excess cum. This seems to blow a gasket for her. 

'what the fuck? Can't you follow basic instructions? I told you to leave them on there. That's it, we are done. Get dressed.'

'Huh? What are you talking about?'

'I told you to leave the tissues there. Get dressed, the booking is over

So I got dressed and left. Steer clear guys. Airbrushed pics and def a few screws loose.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 30th December 2018, 11:02 PM
Poster ID: mikej
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Try not to be weak again if you want to save your money. If you contribute to the forum I am sure more senior members are willing to offer some recommendations to get you want you want for half the price.


