Thread Title: Emma - Sydney - 0457 982 012
Floor: #1
Post Time: 28th April 2011, 02:31 PM
Poster ID: spadej
Post Title: 
 Emma - Sydney - 0457 982 012
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name:Emma Thompson

Establishment wn

Date of Visit:april 11

Contact Details/Address/Weblink:www.emmathompson.biz 0457 982 012

Hours of Business: just ring her.

Rates: 30/45/60/90/120/240/300 mins, $200/250/300/400/500/1000/1250

Age: 37

Size/shape: curvy

Nationality or Ethnicity:aussie

Services Provided:anything you wish to pay for

Value for money/recommend?:EXCELLENT SERVICE !!!

My experience/comments: Started off with some fench followed by some kissing and then more french.As a foot fetisher, I sucked her toes and that just got me sooo hard, she was a great person and I would definitely go back and see her again.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 29th April 2011, 11:17 AM
Poster ID: daveo123
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
She looks a bit mannish.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 5th July 2011, 07:09 PM
Poster ID: tandy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Actually she looks much better and younger in person.  I had a great time at her St Leonards appartment recently.  Great oral.  Good tips - enhanced but good job.  Definitely worth a few more visits.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 5th July 2011, 11:41 PM
Poster ID: matey2
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"enhanced but good job"

No such thing in my book


Floor: #5
Post Time: 16th October 2012, 03:00 AM
Poster ID: Mike28
Post Title: 
 Emma Thompson
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Emma Thompson

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : September, 2012

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : St. Leonards - EMMA of Sydney Sydney Escort and Adult Services

Hours of Business : 24 Hours 

Rates : $300 an hour

Age : 35 but looked 30 at the most.

Size/shape : Size 8 / DD-E Cup, Slim, Hot! 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian / Caucasian

Services Provided : BBBJ (in the shower), DATY, FS, Role Play, Face Sitting & so much more!  

Value for money/recommend? : Every Damn Cent!

My experience/comments :

From the information above, you can see it was a great experience.  Prior to the get-togtether, we exchanged emails & phone calls.  I have a particular role-play that I enjoy, which Emma handled perfectly. 

Following a slight delay (by Emma), I found myself negotiating her secure apartment - if you want private, this is it!  She opened the door & I was greeted by a mega-hot MILF & Cougar, wrapped up in a sheer, skin tight pink latex dress, getting it on was the cause of the delay.  Add the skyscraper heels & first impressions were sensational.  Given such a incredible introduction, expectations were high.

We immediatly kicked into the role play & Emma was spot-on with her role.  Whilst we were chatting & enjoying a wine I couldn't take my eyes off her latex dress, with those DD's wrapped up inside.  Next she suggested a shower for me (I thought cold would be best), naturally I agreed.  

A quick shower was almost done when Emma joined me in the shower, still wearing that latex dress!  The water running over the sheer latex, then Emma releasing her firm, enhanced DD's was just perfect.  Then Emma crouched down & gave me a BBBJ that took me to the edge.  I dried off & joined Emma in the bedroom, as I was told.

The next 45 minutes were a blur.  Face Sitting, BJ, Dirty Talk, was just the early part.  Emma does love what she does.  Putting lipstick on er nipples & kissing it off wasn't suggested by me, but it was soooo-erotic.  Finally, Emma climbed on board & WOW!  It was nice to then chat for a bit, before I gathered my clothing & tried to dress myself, while my toes were still tingling.

I said farewell to Emma, but fortunately left my sunglasses behind (it was accidental!). So I has to come back to get them...& another appreciative look at her.

As Arnie says..."I'll Be Back!"


Floor: #6
Post Time: 23rd October 2012, 05:49 PM
Poster ID: j_turner
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Emma Thompson

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : September, 2012

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : St. Leonards, 0457982012

Hours of Business : 24 Hours

Rates : $200 for 30mins

Age : late 30's

Size/shape : Slim, DD (bolt ons)

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : BBBJ, FS

Value for money/recommend? : Yes!

My experience/comments : Saw Emma last week. Contacted her via SMS and she was quick to respond, ended up seeing her later that day.
Nice modern apartment in the St Leonards, clean towels, clean shower etc.
Was very impressed by her looks (I know someone above said she looks a bit mannish on her website photos), but she looks much better IRL. Definitely one for the MILF/Cougar lovers 

Session involved plenty of DFK and BBBJ (she loves giving it) and FS (covered) in missionary, cowgirl and doggy. Was able to get off twice, and she is not a clock watcher as we were at it for much longer than 30 mins.

Would recommend her if you are on the north side.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 23rd October 2012, 05:59 PM
Poster ID: andrewblake
Post Title: 
 Emma - Sydney - 0457 982 012
				
Post Content: 
Thanks for the review!.. 

Sounds very much like a milf I would visit!.. 

Well done to both reviews!.. 

Might have to visit!.. 

AB


Floor: #8
Post Time: 3rd June 2013, 01:11 PM
Poster ID: Particle
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Emma Thompson

Establishment : private

Date of Visit : 15/05/2012

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 

Hours of Business : inquire

Rates : 300 per hour

Age : mid to late 40s

Size/shape : busty, curvy 10-12

Nationality or Ethnicity : australian

Services Provided : bbbj,fs, light kissing

Value for money/recommend? : not really

My experience: first off I rocked up to the apartment and called to be buzzed in, no answer on the phone, about to leave and go home and got a text to call, spent 20 mins stuffing around so wasn't happy but wanted to try her out based on nice pics on her website.

Got upstairs and she is quite attractive, nice long blonde hair and very busty, the pics on her website are outdated as she is more curvy and a little less toned than what they imply. Had a shower and got down to business... First up some light kissing, was trying to push the dfk but she wasn't responding, got her to give a bbbj and must say one of the worst I've had, a bit toothy and kept hitting the back/roof of her mouth, was actually a little painful at times. That considered I just dommed up and went in for missionary, went at it and came in the rubber.

Chatted for a while and she just went straight down on the suck to try and get me going again, crap bbbj skills and I told her to give me a bit of a break, I like to get hard naturally either by kissing or touching etc not immediately after I've blown try to get up for another shot. Anyway chatted a but more and started kissing her, eventually hit hard and she went back down for bbbj, I had to tell her to stop as it was no good, got the condom on and she jumped on me, then got her into doggy to finish. In the end she was quite wet and had that thrushy smell from her pussy juices which wasn't pleasant. In the end I've done it but won't go back


Floor: #9
Post Time: 17th September 2013, 11:46 AM
Poster ID: Nachojones
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Emma Thompson

Person's Name : Emma Thompson

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 15/09/13

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Emma of Sydney

Hours of Business : not sure

Rates : $300 an hour

Age : 35 but looked older

Size/shape : Size 8 / DD-E Cup, Slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian / Caucasian

Services Provided : BBBJ , DATY, FS, 

Value for money/recommend? : Maybe??

My Experience: Well folks my punting adventure continues, felt the urge to bed an older mature woman today and since Emma of St Leonard's was always on my books, I booked her and it was straight forward.

I asked her to wear some Sexy red lingerae and she replied sure.

Emma lives close to st Leonard's station for those catching a train and for people driving there are street parking available.

Before our meeting I was on her website and her pics are just amazing. She looked a lot younger than a 35 yr old.

I arrived at her place and was buzzed up and upon seeing her, she doesn't look like her pictures, she's still sexy don't get me wrong but not like her pics on the web. Never mind then as I went to the shower and came out and she was in a fairly sexy white bra and panties which was not what I asked her.

We passionately made out as she slowly stroked my cock and she removed her bra revealing a very sexy pair of DD tits (not natural). The bbbj seemed mechanical and had no energy about it just like the sex which was a bummer, I was hoping she'd be as good as Giselle whom I'd seen before. She got me off by riding my cock and we just spent the next 20 mins chatting.

From reading her previous review it seems like she is a good provider so maybe she was just tired as it was 7 pm. 

My loss I guess, but she is a fine looking woman. Two down in my sex adventure and both I guess were a bit iffy...


Floor: #10
Post Time: 11th March 2014, 04:35 PM
Poster ID: Johnyboy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Has anyone seen Emma more recently. Was thinking of paying her a visit?

Thanks
J


Floor: #11
Post Time: 12th March 2014, 09:02 AM
Poster ID: Subchris
Post Title: 
 Emma Thompson - North Sydney - 0457 982 012
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Emma Thompson

Establishment : Private - North Shore, Sydney

Date of Visit : February 2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : MATURE ESCORTS SYDNEY - Emma Thompson - Girlfriend Experience - Mature Sydney Escort ladies Passionate escort - Full service Escort Private Escort

Rates : $200 30min

Age : 40+

Size/shape : nice shapely body

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian 

Services Provided : Full GFE

Value for money/recommend? : yes

My experience: Was feeling a bit toey one afternoon and started the trawling the internet looking for a mature lady in Sydney. Came across Emma Thompson's website and did a bit of research and decided to have a punt.

Emma is a lovely lady, Tall blonde and beautiful, nice big fake tits (not to everyone's liking). We started off with some light kissing, which lead to Daty - 69 and then various sexual positions. End the session with me pumping away in Doggy style.

Doesnt seem that  all her photos on her website are genuine (you can tell which ones are fake). But I  would have no qualms in recommending Emma Thompson to some who is after  a good looking mature lady in Sydney.


