Thread Title: Emma - Claymore - 0426 106 883
Floor: #1
Post Time: 17th December 2019, 03:08 PM
Poster ID: JRx$yd
Post Title: 
 Emma - Claymore - 0426 106 883
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Emma

Establishment : Private - literarilya shed out back

Date of Visit : 7th December - Afternoon

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Private House, Claymore (near Campbelltown)

Phone : 0426 106 883

Hours of Business : 7 days not sure

Rates : from $80

Age : 30's

Size/shape : Curvy, b cups natural

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : BBBJ, FS, Anal

Value for money/recommend? :  yes / yes

My experience/comments : 

Had known Emma from when she had a bun in the oven, so was pleasantly surprised when a text popped up saying "back at work full time 7 days Emma locanto"

I replied and checked rates, $80 FS $100 anal 30 mins, natural was offered but not my cup of tea!

Texted back next day and confirmed visit and time. Arrived at the address and was just as I remembered, a bit of a war zone, with junk on the street and a lot of boarded up houses nearby. Now we are punting!

Text to confirm and Emma comes out to escort me in so I wouldn't end up in the "wrong house", down the side, under the carport, through the hanging tarp and up to a small 5 x 3 shed. Inside had a bed, walls covered in fabric, carpet offcuts on the floor and a velvet Elvis on the wall! (I couldn't make this stuff up!)

Anyway, money sorted, we strip off. Its still quite warm and Emma strips down and on her knees for a friendly BBBJ. Its was close and stuffy in the shed but also hot watching Emma work away with a sheen on sweat on her back. I started getting a bit energetic and told in clear language no face fucking (make note boys). By this stage I was full ready, so on with the dom and I lay back on the single portable cot bed with a creak  of springs.

Emma does kiss but is also a smoker so that is a pro and con.

Emma climbs on and rides me cowgirl all the while building up that sweat, she rested on me and piled drove from the bottom working up and equal sweat.

Emmat asked for doggy ( apparently her favourite position), this was done side ways across the "Bed" with me fear of pounding too hard and knocking the side off the shed.

Continued with a few position changes then blow in the bag. Clean up is a wet wipe and some tissues.

If you are after a true "Aussie Experience" where you are not sure your car will have it wheel when you get back, I highly recommend a trip to Claymore, and session with Emma. The Rustic Punt.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 4th January 2020, 04:53 PM
Poster ID: reggid
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
the ad 

https://sydney.locanto.com.au/ID_361...d-more-38.html


