Thread Title: Erika Khan - Sydney CBD  - 0435 022 665
Floor: #1
Post Time: 2nd March 2017, 09:00 PM
Poster ID: Richrichie
Post Title: 
 Erika Khan - Sydney CBD  - 0435 022 665
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Erika Khan

Establishment : CBD hotel

Date of Visit : Dec 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Services - Escort Erika

Hours of Business : 

Rates : 500?hr

Age : 25

Size/shape : slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian

Services Provided : BBBJ, Deep throat, Gagging, Rimming, CIMWS

Value for money/recommend? : Yes - great time 

My experience/comments : 

After being let down by a now show I was fortunate enough to get hold of Erika at last minute as she had a late cancellation. She arrived at the hotel in a slinky black dress and looks exactly like her photos.

After chatting over a glass of champagne she disappears into the bathroom and comes out completely naked apart from her high heels. She is really thin and elegant when she moves. She walked straight up and we start DFK with her hand all over my cock. I return the favour with my fingers gently running across her pussy and she gets wet almost instantly. It's not long before she unbuckles my belt and has my cock in her mouth giving me a very slow and gentle BJ. After about 10 minutes I have a handful of hair and my cock as far down her throat as it will go. She seems to enjoy gagging on my cock with plenty of spit and noise as I hold her there by her hair. I get her to lie on her back the bed with her head hanging over the edge so I can fuck her face, fairly gently but really deep so  it's getting pretty messy. It's gets even messier when i shoot a load all over her face and in her mouth, which she eagerly swallows then cleans my knob with her tongue to ensure no wastage.
After a quick clean up I go down on her clean shaven pussy and arse. She loves being rimmed and her pussy licked. After 5 minutes,with a finger in her bum as I lick her clit she cums with a whole body shake and gets really wet. She recovers and gets me on all fours on the bed where she begins the best rim job i've ever had, plenty of tromboning and me pushing my cock back between my legs for her to swallow. I intended to fuck her but I just didn't want the rim job to stop and eventually cum again in her mouth at the end of the session.

A bit of small talk and she's on her way.


