Thread Title: Erika Khan - Sydney (CBD) - 0477 292 076
Floor: #1
Post Time: 6th October 2012, 05:50 PM
Poster ID: jkx
Post Title: 
 Erika Khan - Sydney (CBD) - 0477 292 076
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Erika Khan

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : August 2012

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Erika 
Khan Escort - Escorts Connect Australia - Modern Australian Escort Directory | Highly recommended Private Escorts, Australian Babes, Touring Escorts & Executive Model Escorts

Rates : 500 p/h

Age : 23-25? 

Size/shape : Slim 6

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aus born Korean

Services Provided : Daty, BBBJ, FS, CIM

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : Now this was an interesting punt..Came across Erika and thought would try her out, seemed a bit nerdy but still something intrigued me so easy enough SMS booking to the serviced apartment I was in a few weeks.  Erika turns up early, dressed very well in black with long black leather coat, glasses and a strikingly beautiful face.  We spend a bit of time chatting and she is an extremely interesting woman, highly educated and quite sophisticated, i still am a bit intrigued by her . So after what may have been an hour we retire to the bedroom, Erika takes off her clothes and glasses (and I sense she is blind as a bat without them), she leans in and is kissing me whilst we are kneeled on the bed, soon I lay her down and start to eat her shaved pussy, quite nice...this goes on for a bit when I ask her to sit on my face.. so then it me on my back, Erika sitting over me whilst leaning against the wall and fucking my face...Now I love to eat pussy and can do it for a long time however Erika fucked my face silly for at least an hour, how many times she came i dont know, she was in some sort of dream like state oblivious to my inability to breathe fully...So i finally kick her off my face and she starts to give me a high quality BBBJ, she has ability!  The I start to fuck her in doggy and she really gets into this, very sensuous slow type rhythm, i fuck her like this for maybe 15 mins and im starting to get sore legs and dripping in sweat and need a rest...so on my back and Erika is riding me for I dont know how long..Eventually looking at the clock and realising she has been here for about 3 hours she realises she needs to finnish her booking and go...now strangely I'm spent but haven't cum and i start to go soft..highly irregular.  Erika asks me if i want her to finnish me off in her mouth, now being semi i almost decline thinking this aint going to happen but anyway say ok and Erika proceeds to give me nice bj while im still semi, eventually im cumming in her mouth but have gone soft at the same time so was really quite a bizarre experience.  Erika cleans up showers and we say our goodbyes.  Overall this was one unusual punt, highly memorable, Erika is a stunning and beautiful classy woman with exceptional sexual ability and i think i got mind fucked in the nicest possible way by this hyper intelligent woman.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 8th October 2012, 10:08 AM
Poster ID: Mr Crash and Burn
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Was it a one hour booking that went a bit overtime?

Overall sounds like she is one hell of a girl!!


Floor: #3
Post Time: 21st October 2012, 06:39 PM
Poster ID: jkx
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by Mr Crash and Burn


Was it a one hour booking that went a bit overtime?

Overall sounds like she is one hell of a girl!
"""



Yes correct both counts Mr C & B, 1 hour that went well overtime with quite a girl indeed, of course usual disclaimer that YMMV.  And apols re delay, been in the Land of Smiles eating my Thai gf for a week. Such a dangerous place, should be LOP not LOS!


