Thread Title: Esmeralda -  Sydney CBD - 0406 296 743
Floor: #1
Post Time: 17th July 2014, 07:02 PM
Poster ID: Oldsteel
Post Title: 
 Esmeralda -  Sydney CBD - 0406 296 743
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name idn't say

Establishment : Private apartment

Date of Visit : 26/6/14

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : girl just initiated, very beautiful and hot - Sydney | Escort / adult | Erotic | Cracker

Hours of Business : Not sure.I saw her late afternoon. 

Rates : $400 per hour $600 for 2

Age : Ealy 20's

Size/shape : That is her in the Pictures in the Ad. Talish, Flat stomach, Great Latina Ass, C cup, Sultry face.

Nationality or Ethnicity : She said Brazilian AD said Colombian -Great either why

Services Provided : GFE, DFK, BBBJ, FS, Finger, DATY

Value for money/recommend? : Yes!!

Comments-
This was a couple of weeks ago now but I remember it like it was yesterday.
She is a student studying in Sydney and says she will be around for a year or so, look her up.
Anyway , to the punt.

Called her from her ad on cracker and she answered straight away. She has limited English soif you speak too quickly communication is a slight issue. Obviously I was babbling on at speed and it took a little while to establish availablity etc and arrange for a late afternoon session, all good. After I hung up I had a little voice in my head telling me that she sounded like a lot older that young seductress promised.  Was just our stilted telephone conversation playing on my fears?  But I push on regardless ready to TOFTT, call hear 1/2 hr before our session to confirm, as she requested and I still wonder MILF, Granny OLD but again I push on. Outside her building, an SMS to confirm exact location and her we go.

Into the lift, upstairs, knock on the door and BAM!!! She's 20 something and fucken gourgous. Her voice is no a South American Purr in my ear and I dont care if i understand nothing.

Im greated with a smile a hug and the a DFK, a deep DFK. and DEEP DEEP DFK. TOFT is such hard work, but someone has to do it.
Whilst the DFK continue she expertly starts removing my clothes, slips off her litte floral dress takes me by the hand and leads me to the bed.
I'm already rock hard as she sits me on the eagge of the bed spits on my cock and starts blowing me. I that I would cum before the 4th stroke. It took all I had to restrain myself from the quickest CIM in history. I guided her off my cock ( why??) and upto my lips for some more DFK ing but she pushes me back to lay down on the bed and in one fluid motion move her pussy to my face and says LICK.
She obviously knows what she wants and who am I to argue? She rides my face and tongue like a rodeo master grads her clit starts rubbing as if there is no tomorrow starts screaming , in Spanish or Portuguese, until she cums in a wild convultion. She was horny, apparently I was the first for the day as she had been at school all day. 

After she had used and abused me to pleasure herself she slide her luscious lips down to my cock and starts back on the BBBJ DT BBBJ. 

TO BE CONTINUED


Floor: #2
Post Time: 21st July 2014, 06:14 AM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by Oldsteel


Person's Name idn't say

Establishment : Private apartment
.
.
TO BE CONTINUE
"""



Can hardly wait.

Esmeralda's Cracker ad has gone, but she still has  a Locanto ad,






 Originally Posted by http://sydney.locanto.com.au/ID_269908692/Colombian-girl-NEW-IN-SYDNEY.html

 Colombian girl NEW IN SYDNEY - 21

Hi I'm Esmeralda, come Enjoy a moment of relaxation and pleasure with me, I am a mixture of affection and sensuality. I am addicted to sex and I like to fulfill the wishes of my clients plus I can give a good service self confident, I am a very loving girl and very passionate.

my phone. 0406296743

half hour 300
1 hour 400
2 hour 600


