Thread Title: Estelle Lucas, Victorian Escort touring - Sydney (CBD) - 0421 462 912
Floor: #1
Post Time: 29th November 2013, 04:26 PM
Poster ID: Nachojones
Post Title: 
 Estelle Lucas, Victorian Escort touring - Sydney (CBD) - 0421 462 912
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Estelle Lucas

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 26/11/13

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0421462912, Home - Estelle Lucas

Hours of Business : N/A

Rates : $800 an hr

Age : 22

Size/shape : petite 165cm Size C natural breasts

Nationality or Ethnicity :Middle Eastern, think she said Turkish

Services Provided : DFK,BBBJ,DATY,FS,Anal,COF,CIM

Value for money/recommend? : YESSSSS!!!

My experience/comments : 

I'd always been a huge fan of Lebanese and other Mediterranean background type of girls but I've found them hard to approach for some reason, I love their natural bodies and most of all their amazing olive coloured skin.

Over the current year I had been keeping tabs on young Estelle, both on her website and on her twitter feed. Estelle is a smoking hot Mediterranean girl with the perfect figure and her pictures of her in lingerie with heels just had me hooked. The reason for keeping tabs on her is that she is based in Melbourne and I was hoping for her Aussie wide tour and last week she announced her Sydney tour dates!

I've never been so exited but anyways I quickly called and emailed her to book my time to sample her delicious young vibrant body. Estelle sounds chirpy and full of life on the phone which is always a good sign. Estelle is by no means cheap, charging a minimum of $800 but I for one don't care.

The day finally arrived where I would have Estelle in my arms, and promptly at the time agreed upon I knocked on her hotel door and as it opened it revealed a hot young babe wearing just a skimpy lingerie together with a pair of sexy heels. My mouth dropped at her beauty, her pics does her injustice as she is even better in person.

We had a moment of light kissing and she invited me to have a drink, soon after the small talks were over, we engaged in some more kissing but progressing onto DFK by the passing second, Estelle then stood up and asked me to stand up as well and we continued our kissing as she then unbuttoned my shirt and then as she broke our kiss she stood back and removed her bra revealing a set of perky natural tits, she then asked me to take care of them and I obliged as I suckled on them for a considerable amount of time soon I removed her panties and started to feast on her shaved pussy, damn it tasted good and by her moans I could tell I was doing a good job.

Her pussy was soaking wet and she finished off with a screaming orgasm. she she got up in a flash and engaged in some serious DFK, tasting her pussy juices along with it, she unbuckled my pants and started on some divine bbbj, lots of tongue movement, slurping, saliva and deep throating, this had me in heaven and soon I got to the point where I just needed to fuck the hell out of her.

Estelle took me by the hand to the bedroom, and had me domed up after some more blowjob and I turned her around as she was still standing and began pumping her from behind as she held onto the bed frame. Her moans and screams r music to my ears as they are extremely sexy, 

Estelle is quite loud and tells you what she likes, I love that in a woman

Soon onto mish and  with her lovely body on top of me riding away on my cock I smiled with glee as I gazed upon her goddess like body just bouncing on my cock, she wasn't acting either and she was having a ball as well, towards the final 20 or so minutes I asked Estelle if I could fuck her sweet asshole, she smiled and replied with a lustful yes, I started riming her and damn was is good, and after she was ready I glided my hard cock into her hole and she let out a gentle moan and slowly and gently began pumping her asshole in doggy as we engaged in some kissing.

Our time was unfortunately coming to and end and I was eager to give her my cum for her to taste, I had her on her knees and she proceeded with one last blowjob, those slurping sounds were just like a porno and soon I told her I was gonna cum and she replied with yes babe in my mouth and I obliged by dropping a load into her mouth as she slurped it all down, saying that was delicious with a sultry smile on her face, fuck me am I in heaven? 

Soon after some light chatting I took a shower and farewelled her till next time of course.

Estelle blew me away and I finally got my wish of fucking a Mediterranean woman and a damn hot one as well !!


Floor: #2
Post Time: 29th November 2013, 04:40 PM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
See also Estelle's reviews in Vic PWL, http://auxxxreviews.com/forum/f67/es...t=0421+462+912


Floor: #3
Post Time: 29th November 2013, 04:51 PM
Poster ID: bent_leg
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Impressive service BUT - $800 - Not from my wallet!


Floor: #4
Post Time: 29th November 2013, 05:47 PM
Poster ID: bigbird
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Excellent review Nachojones


Floor: #5
Post Time: 30th November 2013, 01:06 AM
Poster ID: Blued
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Estelle has had my attention for a while, but I am thoroughly discouraged by the price tag.

This review makes it could be worth it though.

BTW, didn't I see somewhere that she has inverted nipples - can you confirm nachojones?


Floor: #6
Post Time: 30th November 2013, 01:06 PM
Poster ID: Nachojones
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Yep she has inverted nipples, kinda hot sucking on them trying to get them to come out. lol


