Thread Title: Eva - Parramatta - 0403 747 155
Floor: #1
Post Time: 19th June 2017, 07:51 PM
Poster ID: Punterang
Post Title: 
 Eva - Parramatta - 0403 747 155
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Eva

Date of Visit : 19 June 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :
0403 747 155 
??? New IN Parramatta ? EVA THai Girl 23 YEARS .ONLY ONE WEEK????? ? - Sydney escorts - backpage.com.au

Rates :
150/30 mins
200/45 mins
250/60 mins

Age : Mid 20s

Size/shape : Pretty, thin, perky C-cups and unshaved

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thailand, but she looks more Chinese

Services Provided : light kissing, BBBJ (+$50), FS, hard and quick massage

Value for money/recommend? : In my opinion, no. Maybe you might have a better experience.

My experience/comments :

Browsing Backpage I saw Eva's ad and after viewing the video, I thought I would try to arrange a Friday visit.  I texted her asking when her last available day is (ad says one week only). She said today and I thought, why not? At the very least it would be a good chance to write a review. Asked if a time was free and got the confirmation.

I arrived 10 minutes early and sent a quick message to see if she was available early (just in case, no pressure). She said no so I waited for my allotted time. The agreed time passes and she is still asking me to wait. I continued asking when she would be free and just as my patience was wearing out 30 minutes later, she messages the room number to me.

Upon arrival, she does not look anything like the photos on the ad but she was pretty with a nice body (although the girl in the photos is much prettier) so I decided to give it a shot and asked for 30 minutes. As I stripped, she took off her garb and I decided to extend to 45 minutes! This was a difficult as she basically does not speak English so bear that in mind and sort out any details before seeing her. 

After a quick shower, I joined her on the bed for a BBBJ. It felt pretty damn good with minimal teeth but she her pace was ungodly fast and I had to slow her down. This did not last long before I was dom'ed up. I started with missionary and damn was she a great site and not loose. As far as I can tell, there was no foaming here and she seemed to enjoy herself (at least initially). I asked her to get on top but she did not do that (?). Into doggy, it became apparent that she just wanted me to blow and leave. So I turned her over and finished. Either her foaming was on point or I think she was super busy?

She provided a quick and super hard (like dropping her whole weight on me) massage that I was not into. This lasted for like two minutes only before she gave up. I jumped back in the shower, dressed and left.

After driving away for 5 minutes or so, I realised that she shorted me 15 minutes!. It is possible that she did not understand why I gave her an extra $50 but I'm pretty sure it was clear enough.

Okay so some key points I think were the case here:
I reverse imaged searched the photos on the ad and they only link back to Eva. I think they belonged to the previous girl and Eva has taken over the number without changing the photos.I think she books back to back meaning you may need to wait...and wait...and wait...She shorted me about 15 minutes so bear that in mind.
Overall I won't revisit her. Bonz Pl in Seven Hills is around 15 minutes away and for less money, you get far better service (although with more mature ladies).


Floor: #2
Post Time: 8th August 2017, 08:20 PM
Poster ID: Punterang
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Woops double post...see below


Floor: #3
Post Time: 8th August 2017, 08:21 PM
Poster ID: Punterang
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I bumped into her again on Monday 24 July 2017 although I was trying not to: she was using a different ad, name (Megs), phone (0481 707 808) and photos (???HAPPY Parramatta???Independent Escort Now in Parramatta - Sydney escorts - backpage.com.au). 

She appears to be using ads of other girls that had previously advertised. I'm not sure if this means she's part of an agency or she's just trying to grab as many clients as possible.

Her prices went down to $120/30mins so I decided why not since I had arrived.

The service was the exact same: quick CBJ (didn't pay extra this time) into missionary with a little foaming here and there before she tries to rush you off once you've fired one shot.

Again, I will be trying my hardest to avoid her while visiting private girls...


