Thread Title: Evelyn -Private Concord Sydney - Latin Girls Australia 0410 235 803
Floor: #1
Post Time: 24th September 2017, 12:30 PM
Poster ID: kristoft
Post Title: 
 Evelyn -Private Concord Sydney - Latin Girls Australia 0410 235 803
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name:  Evelyn

Establishment:  private

Date of Visit:  20/09/17

Contact Details/Address/Weblink:  Phone 0410235803, latinescortssydney Concord NSW

Hours of Business:  24/7

Rates: FS - 1 hour $250, 30 min $180

Age: Young

Size/shape:  8

Nationality or Ethnicity: Panama

Services Provided: Full Service

Value for money/recommend?: Nope, stay away, better value elsewhere

So I was feeling a bit frisky after a long stint without a shot and trolling through the backpage ads I noticed some new ad for latino girls. Haven't had much luck for quite some years now I thought wow, these pics look great! After a text at 1am I was surprised to receive a return text rather promptly, it must have been my lucky day i thought. Anyway off to the private address in Croydon and found the place easy enough with plenty of street parking. Knock on the door and was quite shocked to see a not so pleasant looking face. Judging by the pics posted on the ads I would assume all the one's with the old floorboards are real. I would say they're very good with their camera angles as meeting her in person left much to be desired. Anyhow against my better judgement I thought I'm here anyway, take one for the team. 

Introduced to the room along with the friend to discuss options. I only booked for one girl for 30min, but she brought her friend i'm assuming to entice a threesome? Not against the idea but it has to be worth it IMHO. So i took Evelyn anyway as i booked her. So this is where it just went downhill. Started with the shower having to leave my clothes in the room and walk to the bathroom two doors down?? Shower was quite dated but still clean. Come back to the room and she was lying naked on the bed and asked me to lie down. Standard catbath, moving on to covered bj. She had a small mouth so quiet toothy. Did the whole body slide kissing up my neck and thats when i felt her legs had not been shaved, reminded me of sandpaper. Didn't go completely flacid yet so thought I'd just jump to missionary, she tried some kissing with tongue and normally i would but i really couldn't stand her looks. Then jumped on to doggy and oh man, was taken back by the stench. So at this point i realised she's not great looking, doesn't shave her legs, and probably finished a number 2 without taking shower just before I got here. Had a few thrusts but just couldn't stand it, had to finish myself off and go on this occasion. Finished up with a shower and left ASAP, even after going home I scrubbed the shit out of myself just to be sure.

I would not recommend this one. Not sure about the other girls as i haven't seen most of them.


