Thread Title: Evelyn - Wynyard - 0421 880 043
Floor: #1
Post Time: 11th December 2013, 08:36 PM
Poster ID: JJwalker
Post Title: 
 Evelyn - Wynyard - 0421 880 043
				
Post Content: 
Auxxreviews template

Person's Name : Evelyn 

Establishment : private

Date of Visit : 

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 

Hours of Business : 11/12/13

Rates : 150/30 min 250 60 min

Age : late 20's

Size/shape : average 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian(Thai)

Services Provided : CBJ fs

Value for money/recommend? :  no

My experience/comments :let me start the review by saying she was a dud punt. Photos didn't match (she says enhanced c cups but she is unenhanced b cups) and to call her service vanilla would imply more services than she actually provided. In fact I'm reasonably sure she copied some else's ad. 

Anyway finding her place was easy. Came in put money down and was told to have a shower while she prepped the bed. When I came out she draped a towel over a pillow. That was her sheets. She explained that she just put her sheets in the wash. Ok whatever (is it unreasonable to think a wl would have more than one set of sheets?) I lay face down and she begins rubbing my back with baby powder which was nice. Never had that before. Made it nice and smooth when she rubbed herself over me. Soon I flipped over and she began powdering my front before going for the CBJ. CBJ was nice. Wet and slow focusing on the head. She had positioned herself leighing on me while blocking access both visual and physical to her body. She stayed like that until she thought it time to fuck. She lubed up and sat on me. That was it. Seriously. I've heard the term "starfish fuck" but this was her on top of me doing nothing. I'm calling it a limpet fuck. Any way she was reasonably tight so I just shifted my hips and just start fucking her. She still just layed there on top of me but started with the fake moans and dirty talk. Switched to mish where she applied more lube which left me feeling almost nothing when I went in.  Kept going anyway but soon she was saying I should cum now. I need to cum now which put me off a bit. Asked to switch to doggy but she says no I have to finish in mish. Wtf. Anyway I redouble my efforts but no dice as there was just no traction. She offers to finish me off by hand and I accept though I soon take myself in my own hand (nothing personal with the girl just didn't like her style) with her showing her pussy.  Came, cleaned up, showered and left. 

Her massage and CBJ was good but the sex was horrible with no extras on offer, no fingering or oral, lack of positions plus not matching her ad leads me  to declare a dud and advise you to avoid her. 

A link to her supposed ad is at the bottom


Remarkably hot Thai part Mexican fitness model: Limited time - Sydney | Escort / adult | Erotic | Cracker


