Thread Title: Evie - Parramatta
Floor: #1
Post Time: 16th January 2017, 07:39 PM
Poster ID: doingboing
Post Title: 
 Evie - Parramatta
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Evie

Establishment : Private WL

Date of Visit : 15/1/17

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : All Included, Natural Oral, COB, Multiple Shots Evie 0478025885 - Sydney escorts - backpage.com.au

Hours of Business : Midday through late

Rates : $330/hr + $100 for CIM (although I negotiated to $400) 

Age : 18 (probably early-mid 20s)

Size/shape : 5'6 and size 10 (allegedly)

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : GFE, DATY, CIM, DFK, BBBJ

Value for money/recommend? : Definitely yes

My experience/comments : I was out Parramatta way for work and, having wrapped it up, decided that I was in the mood for another punt and started scouring backpage (perhaps against my better judgement) for something new. I hadn't seen Evie on there before but decided to take the punt anyway. We mucked around a little bit trying to work out a time swapping msgs and playing phone tag but that's not her fault. She works out of a decent little apartment which was clean and the shower was up to scratch with a liquid soap dispenser - she joined me in there and soaped up my junk and started some deep(ish) french kissing that was enthusiastic enough. I was there to catch bigger fish though so once she was happy I was suitably clean we headed to the bedroom. 

I'd had enough of kissing and she got on her knees while I stood at the window and gave me an excellent BBBJ until I started feeling a little weak at the knees (that good!) and retired to the bed. She dommed me up and we did some side by side fucking and eventually into a cowgirl. Usually I'd like a girl with bigger boobs so I can watch them bounce while she works my cock but Evie was still a very pretty sight to behold. So pretty, in fact, that I blew a load into the bag a little earlier than I would've liked - at this point I was only half an hour in and not 100% sure I'd get a 2nd shot off in the hour. 

She took her time though, started a little bit of teasing and, lo and behold, doing was ready for round 2. This time around, I was feeling pretty lazy so asked for a longer, slower blow job which she obliged with. This time I opted for doggy to finish and this seemed to work for Evie too such she started doing a pretty good impersonation of a decent orgasm and at that point I couldn't hold any longer and I popped for the 2nd and last time. She took me back to the shower for a wash up, we chatted for a little while (total time around 75 mins from end of 1st shower to end of 2nd) and I took my leave feeling a lot lighter in spirit and wallet. Would visit again if passing through


