Thread Title: Fanny - Strathfield- 0451608071
Floor: #1
Post Time: 1st September 2016, 06:20 PM
Poster ID: sandsifter
Post Title: 
 Fanny - Strathfield- 0451608071
				
Post Content: 
Name: Fanny

 Establishment : Private WL

 Date of Visit :  Aug 2016

 Contact Details/Address/Weblink :   0451608071,private apartment unit in Strathfield. Cracker ad but is moving back to Melbourne

Hours of Business : Not given

 Rates : $180 for 30mins, $250 for hr

 Age : mid to late 20s 

 Size/shape : Size 6/8 - slim. C cups natural,landing strip

 Nationality or Ethnicity :Korean

 Services Provided : CBJ, intercourse, light kissing .

 Value for money/recommend? : No.

 My experience/comments :

Well had one of those days when feeling a little toey and in need of a release in the fs category found all my regular WL's were not available at such short notice so had to trawl through the Cracker ads for someone new.
I came across the ad for Fanny and decided to message her for one hour fs. Prompt reply and was in the car and on my way for a 2pm appointment. She had given me a location near Strathfield station and I presumed would get the final address when I was outside the building.
I arrived at 2.00pm and text her for the buzz up .This is when things started to go downhill as she messages me back that she's in Woolworths shopping and do I mind waiting,wtf. I should have bolted but gave her the benefit of the doubt. Anyway she finally messages me to buzz the unit number 25 minutes after the 2.00pm appointment. Was greeted by a slim quite attractive Korean girl who didn't look too please to see me and really didn't want to make eye contact. This is going to be akward punt to say the least.
Took the offer of a shower and was told to lay face down naked on the bed so she could start a dry massage on my back. Tried to make conversation but could hear her yawning. Jesus Christ am I that boring? Decided I needed to take charge as the clock was ticking and noticed on the turnover she was naked so got her to lie on her front so I could kiss and tease  down her spine and inbetween her bum cheeks to hopefully have her begging for some daty. Wrong !!!! She wasn't comfortable with my mouth on any part of her skin and was trying to wetwipe anywhere I had touched. I asked if I could lick the labia? Hmmmmm no 'Don't like' Kiss or suck nipples? No 'Don't like'.
I sat up and asked 'Well what can I do'?....Hmmmm "You can touch my pussy but no fingers inside"? So 5 minutes of mutual masturbation followed by condom on willy for some cbj. Was having a little trouble staying hard due to lack of intimacy but cbj wasn't bad and she was a little more enthusiastic . 
Time for some mish and then cowgirl but no real rhythm or connection and I could feel she was trying to get me done and dusted. So I tell her slow down and she just stops dead and lays into my neck and shoulders,probably so she doesn't have to look at me.
Made her start moving again as the dick was heading south. A few more minutes and I spluttered into the bag. All done and she cleans me up and then decides to hold a conversation.
Seems like she was moving back to Melbourne in a couple of days so good news for all my fellow Sydney punters.
I left the building and wished her well and noticed I had only been in there for 45 minutes. My real issue here is why advertise a fs if there are basic omissions. I kept thinking of a saying from my youth 'Sweet Fanny Adams' which is a polite way of saying sweet Fuck all which sums up my experience with Fanny.[/INDENT]


