Thread Title: Felicia - Private -  Nth Sydney -  0410 967 100
Floor: #1
Post Time: 11th July 2017, 08:07 PM
Poster ID: pnovak
Post Title: 
 Felicia - Private -  Nth Sydney -  0410 967 100
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Felicia

Establishment : Independent

Date of Visit : 11/07/17

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : ??????Sexy felicia just arrived ( real and independent)?????? 0410967100 - Sydney escorts - backpage.com.au

Hours of Business :  unknown

Rates : $200/h

Age : late 30's

Size/shape : size 10, average shape

Nationality or Ethnicity : half Chinese, half Indian

Services Provided : CBJ, doggy, mish, PM, hotdogging

Value for money/recommend? : NO NO NO

My experience/comments : Saw Felicia's add on the backpage/escort services for a punt.  A new add appeared yesterday so texted the girl.  Seemed genuine, good English and promised the full GFE, DFK, 69, BBBJ etc so made an appointment.  Arrived at the Hotel (Miller st, North Sydney), whereupon she gave me the room number.  Went up went into a very dark room. She disappears into the bathroom and leaves me standing there.  I call for her and she comes out and starts taking my clothes off, I take her clothes of and then realise she is not the one in the pictures!  Damn, rookie mistake.  Too late, already paid her and little John is not so little any more.  So cuddles, clit rubbing, DATY and then she started CBJ.  Outstanding technique and then progresses to covered PM.  This went on for 20 minutes till her hands got tired.  This is certainly the highlight of a pretty much less than average experience.  Did some mish, doggie, etc and then she said she had enough and I needed to cum.  Did so in doggie and then got a pretty parlous massage and left.

No 69, no DFK, no GFE really but got to cum.  Felicia is late 30's and not the one in the photos in her add.  She has a very, very nice looking pussy.  Small, pink inside with symmetrical dark labia.  Boobs are B size not a great shape - very soft. Very little English so not sure who was writing the texts! So, in summary - avoid the backpage adds.


