Thread Title: Fiona Chen - Sydney CBD - 0450 949 266
Floor: #1
Post Time: 19th August 2018, 06:36 AM
Poster ID: BoldGuy
Post Title: 
 Fiona Chen - Sydney CBD - 0450 949 266
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Fiona Chen

Establishment : PWL

Date of Visit : Mid July

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.escortsandbabes.com.au/P...fionachen1221/ 

Phone : 0450949266

Hours of Business : Available 24 hours

Rates : 250/hr (gone up to 300/hr since I visited)

Age : mid 30s

Size/shape : slim with a tummy but not too bad. DD Bust.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese/Taiwanese

Services Provided : BBBJ, CFS

Value for money/recommend? : No. Not for me.

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

Saw her ad in E&B and thought I’d give it a shot considering her pictures were varified. Pictures looked good. Love her big boobies... texted her and arranged a time. Easy process, replied promptly. I was given an address of an hotel nearby. Texted her again when I arrived and were given instruction to actual address and apartment number next door. Was a little confused with the instructions as her English was difficult to understand. Went up to the apartment and met by her, door opening half way... saw her and it was her... Although she looked older than the pictures posted in E&B. Photoshop maybe. In any case, she looked good... not stunning, but easy on the eyes.

Moved to her bedroom... had a shower. Bathroom a little messy but nothing unusual. Came out and met by her wearing a fishnet outfit. She moved herself in front of me and started to rub herself on me. Going up and down, swaying side to side. Got me hard. I grabbed both tits from behind and gave them a good gentle play... her nipples sticking out from the fishnet. They felt nice. She then asked me to unzip her from behind. One hand on her tit and one hand unzip her outfit. Can’t complain... so far. 

Onto to the bed. She started BBBJ, pretty average. I asked her for DT as advertised. She could only managed half way. Said I was too big. Now, while I love hearing my cock is too big. To be honest I’m pretty average. So this I’m too big is total BS. Disappointed. DT was one of the reasons why I booked her. She moved onto cowgirl from there. Again pretty average. Nothing to write home about. I flipped her over, onto my knees into Mish. Squeezing her tits while pounding her. Wanted to DFK her but only allow light kissing. No worries. I varied my pace as I felt I’m close. I stopped a few times to rest as not want to cum too soon. While I’m inside her, she managed to squeeze and massage my cock with her vagina. Great muscle control... felt great. Guess she wanted me to come ASAP. Well... after a few of those tricks I managed to fill the bag. Showered, hugged, kissed and bid her farewell. Will I return? Probability not. There were a few great moments, but filled with a few disappointment. Guess I can be a little fussy when it comes to punting. YMMV.


