Thread Title: Fiona - Sydney - sinandsensuality@gmail.com
Floor: #1
Post Time: 11th February 2011, 02:58 PM
Poster ID: chuckster102
Post Title: 
 Fiona - Sydney - sinandsensuality@gmail.com
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Fiona in Sydney

Establishment : Private gal

Contact Details/Address: sinandsensuality@gmail.com www.privategirls.com.au/fiona_sydney.php
mobile number wil be provided after email contact has been established

Hours of Business: all day / night - I saw her around 9pm for 2 hours

Prices: 500 first hour, 750 for 2

Age: 29 or 30

Size/shape: Slim

Nationality or Ethnicity: Chinese Asian girl with German accent

Services: Full Service / CBJ / munching on her

Value for money/recommend?: One visit enough

My experience/comments: Attractive Asian girl with a german accent. Quite a sensitive soul with small responsive breasts and pert nipples who was focussed on providing value for money - without going beyond the call of duty if that makes sense. Very soft skin, enjoys oral on her. Pretty good experience but one visit is probably enough....


Floor: #2
Post Time: 3rd August 2011, 10:20 PM
Poster ID: therapod
Post Title: 
 Fiona - sinandsensuality@googlemail.com
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Fiona - sinandsensuality@googlemail.com

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 2 Aug 2011

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Independent Escort in Singapore and Australia

Hours of Business :  Evenings

Rates : Varies - Dinner date + 2 1/2 hours was $850

Age : 30

Size/shape : tall, slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : chinese

Services Provided : Various - the GFE we always wanted.

Value for money/recommend? : Absolutely 

My experience/comments : I had been planning my final punt after some deliberation, and decided to move 'up-market'. I had visited Fiona's website several times, and was intrigued. Meeting Fiona was a very pleasant surprise, tall, elegant, quicksilver, fun, bright, and inquisitive are all adjectives that spring to mind.

Our evening was more like time spent with an old world courtesan than full on sexsexsex. I loved it, and 2 1/2 hours did not seem long enough in the end. We walked out hand in hand to dinner, had a pleasant meal, and I am sure Fiona worked hard at keeping the conversation alive and fun. On returning to the hotel, she slipped into some fabulous lingerie, which I was invited to unwrap.

I felt like a child at christmas at first - something I have not felt for a long time. Long thoughtful and tender kisses progressed to the more carnal delights, and I think I nearly passed out at some point.

I now find myself torn - my every other punt pales in comparison to this, so it was a fitting end to my time. However, how could I pass any opportunity to sample Fiona's heavenly delights again!

Zarzoff


