Thread Title: Flower - Sydney CBD - 0412 182 367
Floor: #1
Post Time: 29th September 2011, 04:23 PM
Poster ID: qarak46
Post Title: 
 Flower - Sydney CBD - 0412 182 367
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Laura, although she calls herself "Flower"

Establishment : private apartment, Castlereagh Street

Date of Visit : 27 Septmber

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : found on cracker.com.au, phone number is 0412182367

Hours of Business : unknown

Rates : 180 30 mins, 280 for hour

Age : ad says she is 22, probably close to the mark, maybe a few years older

Size/shape : quite tall but perfectly formed. D cup breasts (implants which are very firm)

Nationality or Ethnicity : claims to be Singaporean/Spanish mix - which seems a bit odd. But Asian appearance.

Services Provided : full service, keen for DATY action and intense CBJ

Value for money/recommend? : Definitely

My experience/comments : I was in Sydney and searching through cracker and I found Flower. Her ad looked interesting so made contact via SMS and got prompt response. Made booking and when I got to her apartment it seemed (for once!) that the cracker ad was correct and the pictures really were her. Really hot Asian babe who was quite tall but rearing to go.
After showering I stripped her and she immediately motioned for me to DATY. I was up for it and she tasted great. She was right into it and didnt want me to stop. But eventually I thought it was my turn and so she motioned to switch position so she could start the CBJ.
The CBJ was really intense. None of the constant wiping of the mouth or gagging that some Asian girls do. This was serious deep throat action. 
When I was ready we moved into mish and fucked her hard until I came. Great stuff.
Then a relaxing massage until it was time to leave.
No clock watching, no fuss, not stuffing around. This was seriously good action. 
Highly recommended if you want a great CBJ and the opportunity to test your DATY skills.
Flower, I will be back.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 29th September 2011, 09:53 PM
Poster ID: andrewblake
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks for the review Q46..

Great to read and see and unknown gem in the city.. She sounds like a babe.. Any chance you know when the ad was placed or advertised? So that we may copy and paste a link or details for more reference?.. From Cracker?..

AB


Floor: #3
Post Time: 30th September 2011, 05:29 PM
Poster ID: Bracket
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by qarak46


... Really hot Asian babe who was quite tall but rearing to go. ..
"""



Nice to see what I consider correct idiom, rather than the much more common, but non-comprehensible "raring to go".


Floor: #4
Post Time: 3rd October 2011, 01:26 PM
Poster ID: reggid
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
New! 22 y.o Flower - A Very Erotic Massage & More - Cbd Incalls & Outcalls - Sydney | Escort / adult | Erotic | Cracker


Floor: #5
Post Time: 3rd October 2011, 05:55 PM
Poster ID: MrBeen
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Just so the details are not lost with the passage of time and web page moves

New! 22 y.o Flower - A Very Erotic Massage & More - Cbd Incalls & Outcalls
(this ad originated from outside australia) 


Price: $140.00 

Location: Sydney 
Viewed: 926 
Date Posted: 27/09/2011 
Ad ID: 403309212 
Rating (1) Your rating 



Hi 

My name is Laura, my closest friends call me Flower, i am new to Sydney, i am 22y.o from Singapore / Spanish decent, i offer a very erotic nude body to body massage from my city apartment nearby Town Hall Station. 

I am immaculately attired and take pride in my appearance, it is what will stand out when you first meet me. 

A little about my service: I will pamper you from the moment i see you, i will leave no part of your body untouched and spending some extra time stimulating all your erotic zones. My erotic massage concludes with a highly charged hand job, i also offer extras in addition to my massage so please ask me about these, i can also cater for fantasies and role play. 

I have a perfect size 6 body with larger than average D cup breasts, i have smooth silky flawless skin and a very friendly personality. 

My photo's are absolutely real, there will be no surprises when you meet me i can assure you of that, i have been told on numerous occasions that i look better in person than the photo's suggest. 

As i work for myself i am not always able to take calls, if you cant reach me please leave a brief sms and i will contact you asap. 

I look forward to seeing you for a hot and highly stimulating erotic nude massage. 

Look Forward to seeing you soon; 

Flower x 

Massage Rates: 

140 for 30 minutes 
200 for 60 minutes 

Full Service: 

180 for 30 minutes 
280 for 60 minutes 






My gender: F 
Looking for : M contact seller 
Phone: 0412182367


Floor: #6
Post Time: 28th October 2011, 12:36 PM
Poster ID: tlnt
Post Title: 
 Flower - Sydney CBD
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Flower (Laura)

Establishment: private

Date of Visit: September 2011

Contact Details/Address/Weblink:

Hours of Business: ring to find out

Rates:
Massage Rates: 
140 for 30 minutes 
200 for 60 minutes 

Full Service: 
180 for 30 minutes 
280 for 60 minutes 

Age:mid 20s

Size/shape:Toned, fake tits (hard)

Nationality or Ethnicity: Singaporean

Services Provided: massage/fullservice

Value for money/recommend?: Yes! Not a clock watcher.

My experience/comments:
Was feeling worked up at work one day, so on my lunch break I decided to visit Flower, whom i found on Cracker. Walked over to her apartment which is Central side of Sydney and was greeted by a tall, stunning girl. Pictures in cracker are definitely her. She wears a bit too much make up for me, but she was in a sexy babydoll and had a killer body so I could forgive her for that. Opted for just a half hour massage

Really playful girl, giggling as she let me pick a side of the bed before she started to massage me. Really sexy girl, sensuous body slides, her tits were a bit hard, and not very much to my liking, but the way she moved was hypnotic.

She rolled me over and started with really really good cbj, great use of tongue, took it all the way in. She was confident she was goign to get me off like that, but I opted to pay her more for the FS. She climbed on top, tight little thing and started to ride me. I pulled her down on top of me and started going at her like this. She seemed to really like this as she started biting down on my neck and shoulders. Anyway finished off like this, had a shower and chatted for another 10 minutes. I had no idea what the time was but I'm sure I was well over.

Nice girl. Really sexy. Would definitely visit her again.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 7th November 2011, 10:49 PM
Poster ID: instiq
Post Title: 
 Flower
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Flower/Laura

Establishment: private

Date of Visit: 23rd October 2011

Contact Details/Address/Weblink:22 y.o Flower - A Very Erotic Massage & More - Cbd Incalls & Outcalls - Sydney | Escort / adult | Erotic | Cracker

Hours of Business: Ask her

Rates: $280

Age: Young, early 20s

Size/shape: Slim, nice curves

Nationality or Ethnicity: Asian

Services Provided: Full Service

Value for money/recommend?: Great value, highly recommended

My experience/comments:

I initially booked a 45min massage with Flower since I wasn't sure what she looked like.  Once I saw her, I instantly asked if I could change my booking to an hour full service and she gladly accepted.

Once I went in, I had a quick shower then went straight to the bedroom where she was waiting for me. She slowly stripped down and started off with a sensual massage, which was great and got me really hard. After about 20mins of this, she started giving me a CBJ. Soon after we had sex in several positions I managed to get her to cum, and so did I soon after.

I was too tired since it was early in the morning so we just talked throughout the rest of the session. Although she's from overseas, she speaks English relatively well and definitely isn't shy.

Had a great time with her, very pretty and would definitely see her again.


Floor: #8
Post Time: 24th November 2011, 07:34 PM
Poster ID: stat
Post Title: 
 Laura
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Laura

Establishment : private apartment, Castlereagh Street

Date of Visit : 4 times across September / October and November 2011

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : found on cracker.com.au, phone number is 0412182367

Hours of Business : unknown - but have been on a Thursday, Saturday and Sunday

Rates : Does massage and FS - I've always gone for the 30min massage plus BBBJ + CIM = $150

Age : ad says she is 22, probably close to the mark, maybe a few years older

Size/shape : quite tall but perfectly formed. D cup breasts (implants which are very firm)

Nationality or Ethnicity : claims to be Singaporean/Spanish mix - which seems a bit odd. But Asian appearance.

Services Provided : full service, keen for DATY action and intense CBJ or BBBJ / CIM

Well as stated above, I paid Laura some repeat visits.  In the time I've been visiting she has changed apartments (same building) and its obvious that these apartments are used by different girls / different days etc.  
Very private setup, secure.  Laura is a charming, young lady who exudes elegance and an intelligent charm.  

Upon arrival I've been greeted each time with a peck, a gorgeous Laura in a little sexy slip.  Shower first (clean and hot), then onto the bed.
Laura massges with every inch of her fine body - grinding her cleanly shaven pussy from my head to toe (that was a little different). 

The last time I visited we skipped the massge for some DFK, fondling, and onto the BBBJ action.  
As for the BBBJ - this was not available on my 1st visit.  Her style is great, DT at times, plently of hearwork and eventually over the line each time - CIM (but no swallow).
I've dined (DATY) on her and she seem's to really get off, wet each time - very sweet and petite pussy - I imagine she would be very tight 

All in all - worthy of my hard earned cash and I'll be back!


Floor: #9
Post Time: 11th May 2012, 12:30 PM
Poster ID: jetsetwilly
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Just wondering if anyone has seen Laura (aka Flower) recently. She went on holiday a couple of months ago. Not sure if she's back yet. Mobile seems switched off.


Floor: #10
Post Time: 10th December 2012, 07:19 PM
Poster ID: reggid
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
any intel on this one havent heard back from her


