Thread Title: Four in the Bed... Makahel's Foursome with Layla, Renee and Paris
Floor: #1
Post Time: 28th January 2010, 10:53 PM
Poster ID: Makahel
Post Title: 
 Four in the Bed... Makahel's Foursome with Layla, Renee and Paris
				
Post Content: 
How does one begin to describe the indescribable? Because that is what an evening of pleasure with Miss Layla, Miss Paris and Miss Renee is: INDESCRIBABLE! 
Having said that I will give it a go, just for you dear readers.
First up, confession time. Despite my bravado I had some trepidation going into this booking. It has been a long time since I have had a threesome and here I was attempting a foursome. Like most 'punters' I have gone through various stages and styles of punting. My recent adventures had all been with regulars or in Renee's case someone who was guaranteed to be a regular and they had all been built on intensity and passion during the encounter. Each moment savoured and drawn out, experienced to the full. Could I manage to carry that kind of sex into a situation with multiple ladies at once? Would I lose that connection that makes good sex great? Would I offend someone by not paying them enough attention? Would the fact that I have clearly been over-thinking the whole thing spoil the evening?

So armed with my bag of goodies I arrived at Paris's Tower of Sin ready to cook up a storm for Slaveboy's three Mistresses. (A quick note in regards to this, Layla is the least bossy mistress I have ever met. Renee on the other hand KNOWS how to make a Slaveboy earn his keep). 
So after saying hello to everyone and a quick hello chat it was time to get started on dinner. The ladies demanded that I strip down to my underwear to cook, and I of course complied. 
Seeing that I was occupied cooking for them the ladies left me behind while they went for a quick run up to the sex shop for supplies. They took FOREVER to get back, but finally they did and we all sat down to dinner.
No sooner had I finished my last mouthful before I was jumped by Layla for some very sexy kisses. She then dragged me (willingly) to the bed where her clothes disappeared in a flash and we fell to the bed kissing and touching. Miss Renee and Miss Paris then proceeded to get ready for the evening's photo shoot as Layla had first dibs on me as she had not been able to play last weekend. 
Layla and I devoured each other's mouths even as we explored each other with our hands, taking control as I like to do I began to kiss down Layla's cheek to her neck and superb breasts. My tongue circled her nipples, my lips teased her areola. I continued to kiss my way ever downwards passed her sexy little navel piercing until I found her wet, willing and wanton pussy just waiting to be eaten.
Layla and I spent the next 30 minutes or so swapping oral favours back and forth, occasionally 'interrupted' by one of the other ladies who would stop by to share kisses with Layla, a very hot sight indeed. Only thing was I wouldn't let Layla make me cum but I claimed not one, not two but three orgasms from Layla, I was particularly cheeky on the last one as I know that Layla gets highly oversensitive and I latched on and wouldn't let go, a little bit of her own medicine back .

It was photo time by this stage so over to the couch for some happy snaps. Can I just say at this point that technology sucks? My webcam wasn't happy with the lighting and my camera phone would struggle to focus and the trouble I have had getting these photos off my phone agggghhhhh... one day soon ALL the photos will go up.
After the photos it was time to really get into it especially as Layla could not stay all night.
Now boys and girls here is where foursomes can get difficult: Logistics. Who does what to whom?
Miss Renee is an ideas lady so she suggested the first position we had Layla lay back across the bed, Paris rode her mouth whilst blowing me and Renee went down on Layla. After that it was something of a free for all. We daisy chained, Layla and I double penetrated Paris whilst she fisted Renee until Renee squirted, Layla and Paris got involved in a very passionate, very long and extremely sexy 69 which Renee and I enjoyed watching before we jumped each other. Seeing as Paris and Layla were busy, Renee started a little game with me where she blew me for forever and would not let me cum, no matter how much I pleaded or begged. It was fantastic. Finally, it was my turn to return the favour, I ate pussy like there was no tomorrow, I ate my Fuckbunny's pussy like I could not get enough (and to be honest I don't think either of us could) I wanted to make her CUM so bad, but I was not aware that the game was still afoot, you see the harder I tried to make Renee CUM the harder she worked to hold out just a little longer, eventually she finally surrendered to me and when she did my god did she CUM. WOW! Not to be beaten though, I started eating her again, this time thankfully she came a little easier but I think it is fair to say that Renee won the game. By now Paris and Layla were watching us and they urged me on to now fuck Renee and fuck we did. Hard and fast and oh so good, I love the feel of her, her intensity and her desire. I love the way she begs for me to cum all over her, which I did spraying her from her clit to her lips. Most of all I love how ROCK FUCKING, HUGE and HARD she had made me. 
So score card so far:
First orgasm/s: Layla 3
First to get me to cum: Renee
Orgasms overall: Makahel 1, Layla 6, Paris 5, Renee 4. (Layla is easily the most orgasmic lady I have ever met. I love it especially when she starts swearing and trying to get away from my tongue)

Well looks like the ladies are ahead on points. Time to turn the tables.
Still hard as a rock, Layla jumped me as she was upset that I hadn't let her make me cum, she rode me hard and fast while Paris straddled my face and Renee pashed Layla (not that I could see it of course). She kept changing the angle subtly until she found my sweet spot, evidenced by the way I began to thrust frantically back up at her, until with a cry from me round two was done.
Ignoring my protests the girls decided that I couldn't rest until I Paris had also claimed an orgasm off me. Paris ordered me on to my knees and began to rim me while sucking and jerking my cock back to life. She then demanded that I fuck her, right now. She got down on all fours and arched that delicious ass of hers back at me, I started off in standing doggy as Layla and Renee grabbed my hips and hammered me in to Paris. The ladies set a punishing pace for the two of us and Paris began to cum loudly. I was near and said so, but the ladies were not done with me. They had me slow right down while they took turns licking and spitting in Paris's sexy asshole. Layla then pulled me out of Paris's pussy and rammed me home in Paris's tight ass instead. Grabbing Paris's hips I lasted maybe 5 more strokes before I filled the rubber.
At this point I begged on my knees for a rest and the ladies finally relented. Thank God.
So Layla needed to leave in about 30 minutes and all of us were hot, sweaty and very sticky.
Paris suggested we head down to the pool to cool off. Now this pool is outdoors and there was something very exciting about being in full view with 3 gorgeous, sexy wonderful hookers in a swimming pool. I tried to ease myself in as the pool was not warm at all but Renee was having none of that and shoved me right in. Instant shrinkage. Thankfully, whilst Paris was showing Layla out as she did have to get home  Renee was able to completely reverse that shrinkage and even gave me my first ever underwater blowjob (this girl is talented). So once again ready for play, but down from four to three it was back upstairs for even more fun.
Now if you think the night ends here you would be sadly mistaken, but I think I have bragged enough.
Let me just say that Paris was an insatiable party animal who refused to go to sleep and Renee was looking to set the world record for most squirting in a night and I think she may just have.

Now here's the thing boys and girls as alluded to at the start of my very long review foursomes are different. Now while it may seem like I am trying to be greedy keeping this experience all to myself I would not recommend a foursome, hell even threesomes can be hard. What I would recommend is seeing these girls individually. These ladies are phenomenal and each deserves nothing but your full attention, because that is what they are giving you. At times during the night I found myself overwhelmed by the experience.
Was I paying enough attention to everyone? I wasn't. 
Was I paying too much attention to someone. I was. 
Maybe this is just me and others won't have this problem but it is definitely something to keep in mind. Sure you could book all three lovely ladies together ,you could lie back on the bed and let them go to work. On you, on each other and have a great time but these ladies offer so much more when there is full participation. I suppose the difference is this. You can have a 'service' and fair enough if that is your thing, or you can have an EXPERIENCE. Personally I prefer an experience and I am glad I had this one, but beware of the pitfalls.

Having said all that you could not wipe the grin from my face if you tried, I would do it again, but only after I have spent some quality alone time with each of the girls. 
So until my next adventure, Ambrosia Rose on Thursday. Makahel is very, very satisfied.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 17th March 2010, 01:00 PM
Poster ID: happyaussie
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
What ever become of Paris ?


Floor: #3
Post Time: 21st March 2010, 12:39 PM
Poster ID: indra
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hey All.

Trying to find out who paris is and her contact details. 
Post a link if possible. 

Thanks


Floor: #4
Post Time: 21st March 2010, 01:15 PM
Poster ID: someone or other
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by indra


Hey All.

Trying to find out who paris is and her contact details. 
Post a link if possible. 

Thank
"""



Try HERE for starters...


