Thread Title: Gabriela - Stunning Tanned Teen Beauty CBD - 0422 806 447
Floor: #1
Post Time: 28th October 2015, 11:00 PM
Poster ID: Fuzzynuts
Post Title: 
 Gabriela - Stunning Tanned Teen Beauty CBD - 0422 806 447
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Gabriela

Establishment : Private near King St Wharf 

Date of Visit : Oct 2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : http://sydney.locanto.com.au/ID_5492...Today-CBD.html

Hours of Business : 10 - Late

Rates : 200/30, 300/60

Age : 20's

Size/shape : Tall, big boobs, nice tan colour

Nationality or Ethnicity : probably kiwi

Services Provided : FS, light kissing, CBJ, DATY

Value for money/recommend? : Meh, sort of, probably not

My experience/comments : So another one of Tommy1992's stable from Locanto. First up the photos are complete fakes, the real Gabriela actually has a better body IMO. Unlike the stock photo model who is clearly small and scrawny, she is at least 6ft and a nice trim size 8-10 with nice arse and big smooth heavy DD boobs.
I'm a little over 6ft so standing next to her in barefeet I was eye to eye, which made the intial kissing easy. Off with the clothes and I went down on her, first thing I noticed was she has a roomy vagina. I slipped a finger in and it barely touched the sides. Two was more comfortable so was wondering if I'd be rattling around down there when it came FS.
After DATY she pulled out a condom, struggled to put it on then started a rubbish CBJ.
Onto FS, and as expected my average sized cock just slipped on in with little effort. Still enough contact for friction, but probably the biggest pussy I've been inside of.
Gabriela wanted to climb on top, but this didn't work for me (Rarely does), so switched back to Mish until finish.
Post coitus was just silence. I don't talk much so rely on chatty girls to keep things moving, so this was a bit awkward.
With nothing more to do or say I jumped in the shower and left.

Overall it was ordinary, but Gabriela has a banging body so was worth one punt just to have a play. I was trying to pick her background and at a guess would say half kiwi, her size concurs since the claim of being South American is pure bunk (completely wrong size, shape and look).

Also worth noting is that I made a booking a couple of days earlier and the got the run around waiting out the front of the building so ended up walking. This visit also got a run around but managed to get in before I got pissed off and left. Tommy1992 needs to improve his game.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 28th October 2015, 11:03 PM
Poster ID: Fuzzynuts
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Forgot to mention, the face. Nice enough in a girl next door sort of way. Not stunning, but pleasant enough. You'd be happy chatting to her in a pub.
She kind of reminds of a girl I work with so that made it more interesting for me


Floor: #3
Post Time: 30th October 2015, 06:10 PM
Poster ID: milkyjoe
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Tall girls loose pussies. From my experiences. Not that i'm some kind of gynaecologist with the complete know all. But yeh.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 31st October 2015, 06:41 AM
Poster ID: alphageek
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Gabriella

Establishment : Private 

Date of Visit : 29/10/15

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : http://sydney.locanto.com.au/ID_5623...PER-HORNY.html

Hours of Business : 10am - late

Rates : $200/30 minutes

Age : Says 19 (I would say early to mid 20s)

Size/shape : Size 8-10, Tall. Too tall for me

Nationality or Ethnicity : Caucasian

Services Provided : CBJ/FS standard affair

Value for money/recommend? : Not for me. But YMMV

My experience/comments : 

Although I hadn't read previous punters post (wishing I had), I booked this girls as I had good experiences with the same advertiser and it is very close to my work bordering on too close. Anyhow, booking was easy as usual and made an appointment mid afternoon. I am pretty sure the booking is handled by someone else so whatever you discuss on the phone/sms will need to be re-iterated to the girl.
Anyhow, when she opened the door, I was a little stunned as she was very very tall. And she was wearing heels! I am 5'10" but felt like a midget as she had a good 5inches on me with the heels on. Putting that aside, she does have a fantastic body. Nice long tanned legs with a tight round ass and a very pleasant face.

 Had a quick shower and followed her into the bedroom where she undressed herself. Just as well as I probably wouldn't have been able to reach the bra strap. Her nipples were just at my eye level so I decided to give them a good lick and they responded quite well. DATY was probably the best part of the session. Having those long legs wrapped around me was fantastic. I asked her to turn around for some 69 and she initially acted like it was not part of her service but obliged anyway. The CBJ at this point was pretty average and nothing like the CBJ you get from Leonie. This position did gave me a full view of her arse and her arsehole which was another highlight of the punt. It all sort of went downhill from there. I was getting bored of the the CBJ as it was very mechanical so I flipped her over for mish. Yes, her vag is loose. Or conversely, I am too small. Either way, it was nice but not great. Almost like having too much lube during sex. Added by the fact that she is pretty unanimated during sex, it started to play on my psyche and the little fella was having trouble keeping things going. Doggy was quite awkward with her as well as it meant I had to half stand, half kneel while entering her. In the end I managed to shoot into the dom in mish position.

Overall she may get better as she gets more experience. And for $200/30 she is not bad value esp considering her figure. But I don't think I'll return.


