Thread Title: Gabriela - Surry Hills - 0449 792 877
Floor: #1
Post Time: 21st April 2016, 11:17 PM
Poster ID: hotel999
Post Title: 
 Gabriela - Surry Hills - 0449 792 877
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Gabriela

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 21/4/16

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Im Gabriela, Brazilian, Last week. - Sydney escorts - backpage.com

Hours of Business : Day / Evening

Rates : $250 / 30 min  $400 / 45 min  $500 / hr

Age : 24

Size/shape : Size 8 D cup enhanced

Nationality or Ethnicity : Brazilian

Services Provided : DFK, CBJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes!

My experience/comments : I'd seen this ad on Cracker a few times lately and as there are a number of face shots, I figured she must have some resemblance to the photos in person. Noticed that it said 'last week' in her ad this week. Thought why the hell not give it a shot. Booking was really easy via text. She is working from an apt on Elizabeth Street, Surry Hills (heading from the city not far from Cleveland St). Nice upmarket pad.

Got the code and was buzzed in. She opened the door and fuck me dead, what a glamour. She looked much better in person. The photos on the web show a lot of heavy dark eye liner and quite dark hair. She didn't have any eye liner but her makeup made her look sensational. She has lighter hair as well. She is quite petite and would be say 5ft6".

Quick shower and then went into the bedroom where she is in some really nice lingerie. Start with some nice kissing and straight away she is fondling my tool which felt great. She quickly lost her bra and panties and we lay down on the bed having some great kissing with pently of DFK. Her body is super soft to touch and I'm fucken enjoying myself here. She flips on a condom and gives some nice head. I was going to ask about BBBJ but didn't want to ruin things if she said no. I was more than happy with the CBJ. She lay on her back and I entered her pussy and was just sliding in and out of her while giving we were kissing. Could have done this all day. As I was fucking her she was giving her clit some hand action which looked great. A kodak moment with a cheeky smile on her. She was really getting into it. Such a nice smile on her and she seemed to be genuinely enjoying herself. Tried a couple more positions and then she was lying on her stomach and I was entering her from behind. This was fucken awesome watching me push her smooth arse into the bed while I slide in and out. Her arse pic on the web is the real mccoy. Blew my load and was really satisfied.

This would have been one of my best punts for a long time. She is a goddess and it's not often that the person turns out better than the pics. You have to talk slowly as she hasn't a great command of english. A couple of times she wrote down what she was trying to say. She is leaving Aust in a couple of days time. 

Overall a great experience. 10/10.


