Thread Title: Georgia - CBD - locanto only
Floor: #1
Post Time: 6th December 2016, 08:51 PM
Poster ID: lnz117
Post Title: 
 Georgia - CBD - locanto only
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Georgia

Establishment : private

Date of Visit : December 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : http://sydney.locanto.com.au/ID_1108...the-night.html

Hours of Business : Unknown / variable

Rates : 350ph

Age : 20

Size/shape : size 12, tall

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : Fk, bbbj, FS

Value for money/recommend? : nah, ok but won't repeat

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

This girl advertises sporadically on locanto. She has at least 3 profiles. Replies on locanto only, no phone.

I arranged to meet her at a hotel. She nagged me a bit about the time and I thought at one point she as going to no show. But she did turn up, more or less on time.

She is tall, maybe 5'10". I'm tall too so that was ok. Looks like a country girl. Not a glamour, but pleasant to the eye and appealing in her own way. The photos she sends are her but do flatter her a bit. There was no real chit chat, she stripped straight off and we started kissing. After a while she sat on the bed and started bbbj. Bbbj was good, lots of tongue. At some point I lay on the bed and kept up the bbbj for a good 10 min before she lay down and suggested I hop on top. Preparations done we fucked in missionary. She is tight and gripped me well, felt really good. She seems to enjoy it too in an undemonstrative way. Moved to doggy, enjoying the sight of her bum and my dick moving in and out and after I while I came.

Now at this point about 25 minutes had passed. I'd paid for an hour so expected a second round, but she just got up, put her clothes on and announced she needed to go to work. Which was a bit disappointing but to be honest I wasn't too distressed. She was a bit unresponsive the whole session, it lacked passion, and she wasn't chatty. So I thought 'meh' and let her go. 

In summary it was ok but won't repeat


Floor: #2
Post Time: 7th December 2016, 10:08 AM
Poster ID: james31
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Don't you just hate it when the add says "bubbly personality" and they turn out to be a starfish.

Good review thanks


