Thread Title: Gianna Moore - Sydney CBD - 0498 725 425
Floor: #1
Post Time: 26th February 2019, 09:40 AM
Poster ID: dt333
Post Title: 
 Gianna Moore - Sydney CBD - 0498 725 425
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Gianna Moore

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : November, 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.privategirls.com.au/gianna_moore.php

Phone : 0498 725 425

Hours of Business : 10am-10pm mon-sun

Rates : $600/Hr

Age : 26-30

Size/shape : 8 athletic

Nationality or Ethnicity : Italian

Services Provided : gfe, pse, bbbj, dfk

Value for money/recommend? : yes

My experience/comments : A sensational pocket rocket is the best way to describe Gianna! This gorgeous Italian Goddess left me speechless with her energy, enthusiasm, lust, sensuality and desire to please. We commenced with deep passionate kissing, DATY and lovemaking throughout the apartment. Gianna is simply gorgeous; a beautiful face, stunning overall looks and a body to die for. 

Well, where do I start this time! Gianna is a sensational lover and gets better every time I see her. This time, I went for the PSE experience and can I tell you, there were no holes barred. There's an immediate connection between us and the lust for each other is incredible; the lovemaking between us comes naturally as though we have been lovers for years; DFK, DATY, BBBJ and even more DATY! Gianna has the sweetest tasting nectar oozing from a succulent set of lips that ask to be devoured and her moans of pleasure merely encourage you tap further into her talents. Various areas of the apartment were put to good use as were the mirrors that served as a great visual reminder that I was actually making love to an Italian goddess. Incredible interlude and I look forward to the next opportunity that presents to feast on the essence that is the classy and affectionate Gianna.

If I can make one recommendation, you will be best served and rewarded by treating her as the lady that she is and by ensuring her needs are met in the first instance; trust me on this one! I have always followed the mantra that if you treat a lady well, that she will reciprocate in spades; Gianna, will not only reciprocate in spades, but will throw in the whole toolbox that is her talent.


