Thread Title: Ginzhau - Parramatta - 0411 657 627
Floor: #1
Post Time: 18th June 2017, 12:41 PM
Poster ID: melboy
Post Title: 
 Ginzhau - Parramatta - 0411 657 627
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Ginzhau

Establishment: Private

Date of Visit: May 2017

 Contact Details/Address/Weblink: 0411 657 627 | Cracker Ad

Hours of Business: Unsure

Rates: $100 / $150 / $200 for ½hr / ¾hr / 1hr

Age: Mid to late 30s

Size/shape: Quite short, nice tight bod w/ amazing norks

Nationality or Ethnicity: Korean

Services Provided: BBBJ, DATY, FS

Value for money/recommend? Yes

 My experience/comments:

Decided to take another gamble on the Cracker fucklotto after my last terrible experience. Texted a few possibilities and Ginzhau was the first to get back. Was given street address and told to call on arrival. I do so and a bit more cloak and dagger shenanigans ensues before I'm finally buzzed up to her apartment. I finally find the right apartment door and am met by Ginzhau.

Unsurprisingly Ginzhau looks nothing like the photos on Cracker. She is however attractive enough and has an impish glint in her eyes which is a good sign. I'm led to her bedroom (I get the impression there might be another girl working out of same apartment) and pony up $150 for 45 minutes. We strip and hit the bed where I get to enjoy her fantastic boobs - I'd have thought they were fake but she assured me they're not. Happily they're also quite responsive, and suitably encouraged I head south to sample her hairless snatch. I give her a good tongue lashing and make her cum to warm her up until she declares its my turn now. Only weird thing is I have to put a dom on my finger before I'm allowed to slip it in to her moist hole.

I lie back and my heart sinks as I hear her tear open a dom packet. Giving her my best puppy dog eyes, I request natural and she pops the dom back down with a smile and then proceeds to treat me to one of the best BBBJs I have ever had - it is not super deep but it feels absolutely exquisite. I get the impression she'd happy slurp away on me for the rest of the session if I hadn't stopped her but I just had to fuck her. She slides on the 'dom and I rides me ACG style for a bit before I decided I want to dictate the tempo and we switch to me on top. We work through a few more positions before her phone timer goes off and I get a bit of a hurry up dirty talk from her. Its not going to happen with the dom on however so I pull out, whip off the dom and jerk off over her tits.

Overall a great girl. Only real negatives for me is there's no DFK and the condom on the finger thing. But treat her well and she'll reward you lads! 

WIR? I have already and can report she gets better with return visits.


