Thread Title: Giselle - Liverpool - 0467 393 120
Floor: #1
Post Time: 19th January 2013, 10:30 AM
Poster ID: magicspanner
Post Title: 
 Giselle - Liverpool - 0467 393 120
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Giselle

 Date of Visit : 10/2012

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0467393120/works out of a hotel in Liverpool

Hours of Business : works evenings till late

Rates : $150/30min

Age : low/mid 30's

Size/shape : slim/very petite, enhanced breasts

Nationality or Ethnicity : italian?

Services Provided : Covered BJ, DATY (at her discretion), FS

Value for money/recommend? : yes

My experience/comments :

Opened with door and was welcomed into her the apartment, everything was all nice and clean and she lead me to the shower and asked if she mind if she had a quick smoke before we began , so we both did our things and met at the bed. Before anything began we had a decent 15min of talk just getting to know each other, was a really nice unrushed conversation which showed me definitely isn't a clock watcher. 

After the talk i got her to lay down while i inspected her body and we started kissing. She was real passionate with her kissing and asked if it was okay for me to go down on her, she says she normally doesn't allow it but because i looked well groomed and clean she allowed it. Went down on her, nicest pussy i have ever tasted. Went at it for awhile before we swapped positions and received one of the nicest most passionate BJ ever. After awhile I asked her to hop on top, she tells me she doesn't actually like being on top of guys and if we can't start off with something else so we just went missionary. Missionary was nice, she had her arms around my neck and holding onto me the whole time and wrapping her legs around me. After awhile of missionary we went to doggy. This girl is so petite that you feel as if you could break her. She's so small and cute, but she has curves, not like those stick like asians you get. Went at doggy for ages, then just grabbed her hips and went at it as hard as i could until i blew inside of her then rolled her over and kissed her for awhile longer. We lay there for awhile and just had a bit of a chat then got dressed and thanked her and made my way out.

Overall, one of the best experiences I've had. Pros: stunning body, not a clock watcher, really passionate, nice and cleanly shaved  . Cons: is a smoker but couldnt really taste it, doesn't like being on top.


