Thread Title: Giselle Lamour - Pyrmont (and Cbr on tour) - 0434 941 219
Floor: #1
Post Time: 18th October 2014, 07:40 AM
Poster ID: andy81
Post Title: 
 Giselle Lamour - Pyrmont (and Cbr on tour) - 0434 941 219
				
Post Content: 
[COLOR=#3e3e3e]Person's Name : Giselle Lamour

Establishment : Private, incall to escorts place

Date of Visit : August 2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0434 941 219 (She is just a few minutes drive away from town hall station and is located in a nice quiet street in Pyrmont)

Hours of Business : 24 hours

Rates : $450 per hour

Age : 27

Size/shape :  size 10, natural dd bust

Nationality or Ethnicity : latino

Services Provided : full service, gfe/pse

Value for money/recommend? : yes

My experience/comments : [/COLOR]

After entering the code to enter her apartment I knocked on her door and was greeted by a real knockout, she has the looks of a supermodel! She had lovely wavy long red hair and beautiful features. She has that sexy Brazilian accent and has a Spanish and Italian background and as a result has an olive complexion. She has a lovely bubbly personality and is quite easy to talk to.

In terms of her figure she's a size 10 with curves in all the right places and beautiful natural dd's with a typical full Brazilian booty, the kind you just want to bury your face in.

Luckily she was happy to start off by showering together. She was wearing some lovely lacey lingerie as I requested which I took delight in slowly helping her out off. She looked stunning in it and when she was left in her birthday suit I thought my heart would leap out of it's chest! She has the kind of body that could easily feature in playboy in my opinion!

Anyway, into the shower we went, which was nice and clean with plenty of room for the 2 of us. I should point out that her apartment was clean and tidy with enough space for my liking. Back to the shower, we eagerly explored each others mouths and tongues with some sensual dfk and we alternated between this and Giselle grinding into me front and back and me rubbing my face into her lovely boobies and kissing, licking and sucking them, they tasted so good!

We then made our way to the bedroom with some more dfk just before we went on the bed. Once on the bed, she proceeded to give me a heavenly back and front body slide, the sensation of her ass and boobs sliding along my body was just incredible.

She then pulled out the dom and proceeded to give me a sensual cob. She was in the 69 position while doing this which gave me a wonderful view of her magnificent ass! Being an ass man and the first time I'd been with a Brazilian lady I couldn't believe how amazing a woman's ass could be. She has the kind of ass that you just can't help rubbing your face in, which I did. I also had a strong urge to go down on her but just had enough willpower to stop myself as I've never done this unprotected before due to the risks involved. I did however kiss her a few times on her clit and pussy which she seemed to enjoy.

She then got on top and rode me passionately in the cow girl position with some dfk as she occasionally leant in closer. I can tell you that this is one of the most passionate ladies you'll ever meet!

I then got on top and she kept telling me to make love to her which I loved as this was the kind of experience I wanted.

We finished off with some doggy and I soon couldn't hold it in any longer and exploded while still thrusting inside her. We were both dripping with sweat and exhausted. Every part of me was aching as we had quite a workout but it was certainly worth it. I'm surprised that there don't seem to be any other reviews of this lady anywhere as she's someone you should definitely try at least once.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 18th October 2014, 08:09 AM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
http://jonslist.com.au/private-escort/512

'Not available atm'


Floor: #3
Post Time: 17th November 2014, 08:24 AM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
BP Ad, Sexy Gisele Lamour {{Private & Passionate}} - australia escorts - backpage.com







			
				Report Ad
Sexy Gisele Lamour {{Private & Passionate}} - 27
Posted: Sunday, 29 September 2013, 9:07 AM

Reply: click here

    Sexy Gisele Lamour {{Private & Passionate}} - 27
    Enlarge Picture
.
.

Back by popular demand!!! 07 to 10 october

Hi guys,

I am Giselle, 27yo Spanish/Italian classic look beauty with great personality and sense of humour.

My 12DD breasts, gorgeous face, full lips and dark sultry eyes will hypnotise you. My dangerous curves will keep you going for hours.

Want a hot, passionate, ......., unbelievable time?? I bet!!! Look no further! I'm ready to have your hands, tongue and everything all over my body & please you like never before. I'm here to fulfil all your fantasies!

My Pictures are 100% real and recent!

INCALLS:

half hour $250
1 hour $400
4 hours Dinner Package for $1200
1 hour minimum for Couples for $550

OUTCALLS available to hotels only, 1 hour minimum booking for $500.

You will experience a passionate full service, mutual oral, kissing, Lots of teasing, sensual massage at my discreet Pyrmont apartment.

EXTRAS AVAILABLE. Please call for details.

No Greek/Anal.

Blocked/Private Numbers will be Ignored - if I miss your call please send SMS and I'll get back to you.

I look forward to blowing your mind!!!!

xx G

Poster's age: 27
• Location: Canberra, Pyrmont

• Post ID: 4088654 australia


