Thread Title: Giselle – East Sydney – 0449 076 860
Floor: #1
Post Time: 24th November 2013, 07:03 PM
Poster ID: Bracket
Post Title: 
 Giselle – East Sydney – 0449 076 860
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Giselle

Date of Visit : November 2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0449 076 860/ Giselle,Visiting Sydney. A sophisticated, European blonde - Sydney | Escort / adult | Erotic | Cracker

Rates : $300/hour

Age : advertised as 42, but more like 50

Size/shape : 170cm, solid build, nice tits

Nationality : French

Services Provided : massage, bbbj, fs, cim

Value for money/recommend? : good service and vfm – yes, but not really my type

I haven't punted a lot in recent times but have lately been feeling the itch a little and decided this time to look for something a little different from my standard Asian fare.  Decided on a mature French woman, Giselle, advertising in Cracker as "Visiting Sydney, a sophisticated European blonde" and being 42.  As per usual with Cracker ads the photo is fake and unrealistically flattering.  She was easy to contact and sounded the genuine article with a French accent.  I asked her and she confirmed that she didn't have any charges on top of her advertised $300/hr, which was a plus for me, and so I organised a booking at her premises in East Sydney.

Upon opening the door Giselle was clearly not the 42 as advertised, more like 50. And without being fat, she carried a bit more avoirdupois than is my preference.  But she was very friendly and easy to chat to and get along with.  She was dressed casually but said she would change into lingerie while I showered.  I paid her $300 for an hour of her time.

After showering I waited for Giselle who then emerged in nice black lingerie including stay-up stockings.  She asked me to get down on the bed on my tummy, so I guessed that she was going to start with a massage.  That was fine by me.  While massaging she engaged in very friendly banter that I found very easy to flow along with.  The massage itself was relatively amateurish, but pleasant enough.  She quickly got to light-fingered tackle tickling, which I found very nice.

Despite the nice technique I could feel that the old fella hadn't yet stirred.  So to move things on I suggested to Giselle that my old fella might find her lips even more pleasant than her fingers.  She immediately asked whether I wanted a condom and laughed cheekily when I declined.  Her bbbj technique unexpectedly betrayed some signs of inexperience, but she willingly accepted my direction.  It didn't take long for the old fella to show some interest, which Giselle commented on, and I quickly got almost exactly what I wanted - a very nice bbbj that was going to continue for as long as I wanted.

At this point Giselle was still fully dressed, so I reached forward and pulled both tits out of her bra.  They were very nice indeed – nice creamy-white C-cups with pointy pink nipples.

However, I could sense that it was going to take some more effort to get me over the line, and in any event I was interested to see whether Giselle, being French, might be interested in taking it up her arse, a question I had not enough front to ask her when making the booking.  So after about 20 minutes of bbbj I suggested to her that now would be a good time to fuck.

I was very surprised when she asked if I wanted her to put a condom on.  Not being 100% sure of what she meant, I hesitated just a moment and said "yes, please".  I then invited her into doggy position and pulled down her g-string to reveal her pink bits, ready for penetrating.

I slipped the old fella into Giselle's pussy without needing any lube, although maybe she had taken care of that beforehand.  Looking down at her magnificently-spread cheeks I  gently digitally rimmed her arsehole and asked whether she liked me playing there, only to be disappointed when she said it doesn't turn her on at all.  There goes the potential arse fuck I had been wondering about!

Being brutally honest, Giselle's looks didn't sexually excite me sufficiently to get me over the line in straight fucking, so I now knew that I needed to get as close to coming as was possible while fucking and then get her back onto bbbj.  So after 5 minutes of fucking I told her I wanted to go back to sucking.

The bbbj was really good, and it didn't take long for me to warn her that I was about to blow my load.  Giselle didn't miss a beat and in a moment she had a load of my jiz dripping from her mouth as she told me in her sexy French accent that I had been méchant, which she then told me meant "wicked".  I'm pretty sure that she must have swallowed at least some of it since in our immediately-following conversation she didn't leave the room or spit anything into a bin.  What a trouper!

There was a bit of time left on the clock, but I wasn't interested in staying longer and politely bid Giselle adieu, or was that au revoir?  Although she gave an excellent blow-job, had a lovely sexy accent and was very friendly, I'm most likely not going to return, since, to me, she just doesn't have what I need looks-wise in a 50yo woman.  But ymmv!


