Thread Title: Giulia Grazioli - Italian Traveller - 0406 039 131
Floor: #1
Post Time: 2nd July 2013, 09:27 PM
Poster ID: rogerbinny76
Post Title: 
 Giulia Grazioli - Italian Traveller - 0406 039 131
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name:Giulia Grazioli

Establishment: private

Date of Visit:22/05/2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: 0406 039 131

Hours of Business: ring Giulia

Rates:$280 per hour

Age: 29

Size/shape:10

Nationality or Ethnicity: Caucasian (Italian)

Services Provided: Full Service (CBJ no Anal)

Value for money/recommend?: Good value for money. Well recommended

My experience/comments: 5' 3", curvy body, great smile and attitude

Hi all, here is my first review on this site with a lovely lady. Giulia provides a very personalized, intimate GFE style service. I booked her through Cracker and wasn't sure what I was in for but was pleasantly surprised by her smile and demeanor.  From the the very beginning she did her best to put me at ease and was completely focused throughout the session. After a few minutes of chit-chat in the lounge we moved to the bedroom. The clothes came off her to reveal a voluptuous and curvy body with nice boobs and amazing hips and ass! We started with some kissing and gentle touching. She offered me a massage and I readily accepted as I had a busy day and was tired. Her hands were great and soon she was sliding those beautiful breasts all over my back. I started kissing her boobs and neck and she had this horny look on her face which got me more excited. It was on with the Dom and she showed some great technique with the BJ before climbing atop me. We went at it for a good while and I struggled to keep myself from coming. Then it was my turn on top followed by doggy and I finished there. She then offered to finish my massage which was great! After the massage and a shower I was on my way. She spent 20-25 mins massaging me after our hour was up which was quite nice and thoughtful. She went backpacking in QLD last I heard and I cant wait to see her again when she gets back to Syd.

Roger


