Thread Title: Gloryhole Girl Sasha - Surry Hills - 0402 648 216
Floor: #1
Post Time: 29th August 2017, 09:52 AM
Poster ID: Dr Strangelove
Post Title: 
 Gloryhole Girl Sasha - Surry Hills - 0402 648 216
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Gloryhole Girl Sasha

Establishment: Private

Date of visit: June 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0402648216  I suck AND SWALLOW ALL YOUR CUM! Cock sucked and mind blowed! Sasha! Syd East! 0402648216-TEXT ONLY - Sydney escorts - cracker.com.au

Prices: $150 BBBJ 

Age: 30's?

Size/shape: there are pics on the ad. But I can't offer an opinion for obvious reasons (I didn't actually sight her with my eyes)

Nationality or Ethnicity: Latina/British (if that's a thing)

Services:  BBBJ

Value for money/recommend?: It's pricey for what it is, so I have to say no. 

My experience/comments: 

So one evening after work I was bored and decided I'll take the plunge and visit Gloryhole Girl Sasha. I partook in the $150 BBBJ option. 

I'll get straight to answering first what everyone wonders - is it a woman? Is it a man? Is it a man dressed as a woman? Is it a transgender person?  The answer is... I really don't know. I'll come back to that. 

Booking was easy and all done via text. I was given instruction to come up to the room (hotel room in Surry Hills) and the door to the room would be unlocked. I was to enter and the room would be dark but the light from her phone would guide me. 

The Gloryhole itself... She had set up one of those tents that campers would use as a bathroom or that you see in pop up clothing a stores people can use as a changeroom. Sasha had it set up in the bathroom and it filled the doorway, naturally it had a hole cut into it. 

Sasha does chat a little and has somewhat a UK accent. I placed my money through the hole, unzipped and got down to business. I had made sure before leaving work I was fresh downstairs. 

The blowjob provided my Sasha is excellent. The downfall for me relates back to the purpose of the service itself - one has to stand and I'm much more comfy laying down. Throughout the service one can hear a lot of slurping and occasionally Sasha would pause to offer some words of encouragement. 

At about the ten minute mark I blew in her mouth and I presume she swallowed. She then helped me clean up a bit and then I was back out into the cold evening. 

I did during the service and clean up see her hands. Nice long nails with polish. Were they big man hands? Hard to tell without seeing the rest of her for proportion reference. 

I wouldn't return, I feel I can get more for that price elsewhere. But I do not regret going. 

My suggestion to you if you were to see her -  presume that she is whatever you want her to be. That's part of the fun!


Floor: #2
Post Time: 13th September 2017, 08:52 PM
Poster ID: msbatt
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I've seen her once. I say "her" because I have no doubt she is female.

I agree slightly hard work standing the entire time. But a well above average blow job and and she sucked me dry!

I think it's a been there done that sort of thing


Floor: #3
Post Time: 13th September 2017, 08:53 PM
Poster ID: msbatt
Post Title: 
 Sasha
				
Post Content: 
I've seen her once. I say "her" because I have no doubt she is female.

I agree slightly hard work standing the entire time. But a well above average blow job and and she sucked me dry!

I think it's a been there done that sort of thing


Floor: #4
Post Time: 1st March 2018, 08:59 AM
Poster ID: deepthroat
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sasha and Milly

Establishment : Private, short walk from Central

Date of Visit : 27 Feb 18

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : ??Miss SASHA J & MILLY. Naughty Doubles! Our Magical Mouths Will Suck You Dry?0402648216-TEXT ONLY? - Sydney escorts - backpage.com.au

Hours of Business : 

Rates : 150 BBBJ 250 Double

Age : ?

Size/shape : ?

Nationality or Ethnicity : Sounded English

Services Provided : BBBJ

Value for money/recommend? : On balance for me no.

My experience/comments : Ads have been around for a long time, and she has put effort into her website. It all sounds fantastic. Easy to communicate with, good directions. As stated before a camping type tent, for the doubters, for my money definitely a girl, and the doubles partner was too, I was allowed a boob feel of Milly only, the main BJ action was fromm Sasha and it was good, CIM as promised, it is what is described, trouble for me is I like to see what's happening and standing to get blown isn't the preferred option. But it was good, just a little rich for a BJ. Cumswap by the girls is promised but they are very identity protective and that would be impossible to verify. Unless future visits got more relaxed, its a yeah thanks but not again thing for me.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 1st March 2018, 04:11 PM
Poster ID: Jonlad
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Brave man. Personally I'd need to know by my own eyes whether she's a female. For some reason that picture of her in the yellow top looks slightly masculine. I think it's the small gut she's got which is more common in males as females put weight usually on the hips and legs versus dudes who get stomach fat (beer guts) !


Floor: #6
Post Time: 1st March 2018, 06:05 PM
Poster ID: pashon8
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
There is an interesting extra listing that you can fiddle with her love mound. So either she was born female or is post op. Hard to tell.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 1st April 2018, 09:52 PM
Poster ID: pashon8
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sasha

Establishment : 

Date of Visit : March 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Glory Hole Babe - Home 0402648216

Hours of Business : Monday-Fri	1pm-9pm, Weekends	10am-11pm

Rates : $150 BBBJ

Age : 30?

Size/shape : 

Nationality or Ethnicity : British

Services Provided : BBBJ

Value for money/recommend? : Enjoyable but Expensive for what it is. 

My experience/comments : 

I was intrigued by the ad and was impressed that this person was organised enough to setup a website. Doesn't answer phone calls only text messages. Booking was arranged after a 30 min silence.

The location is in Surry Hills about 10 min walk from central station. I was told to stand on a busy street corner and text. After a few minutes I was sent some detailed instructions to find the apartment which was around the corner. Front door was unlocked so I stepped through and locked it behind me. The apartment is nicely decorated with the lights turned off and nice music playing in the background. A portable soft outdoor showering tent was setup in the kitchen doorway and Sasha was inside. She has a British accent that sounds like its from the streets and not from an elite private school. Sounds high pitched and feminine. Money was placed through the opening that is waist high.

Sasha instructed me to pull my pants down and I then placed my cock in the hole for her to suck. The apartment was hot even though the fan was running. I was concerned I wasn't going to get over the finish line because of the heat and I took my shirt off to cool down a tad. Sasha was making loud porn noises with a tiny bit of dirty talk. Her oral aren't bad and not great either. I had trouble keeping it up until I started talking dirty back calling her a bitch and to suck my cock. That seemed to get her excited but in the end she needed to use a bit of hand technique to get me over the line. From my best guess she did CIM, continuing to suck after I had shot my load and I was super sensitive. Hard to tell if she swallowed. Probably was there for 15-20mins. I wasn't sure how much longer she would have kept at it before giving up.

Afterwards she then did a quick clean up of my tool with a wet wipe before bidding me farewell. For some reason I went into a panic about not showering immediately afterwards so bought a bottle of water and did a quick clean at a pub toilet before getting into Anytime Fitness to soap up and clean a bit better. Had a shower as soon as I got home.

All up it was interesting to do this once but I feel without the visuals it's not worth the asking price, especially since you can visit Asian ladies that can do BBBJ and FS all inclusive for under $100 with better oral technique.


Floor: #8
Post Time: 24th December 2018, 05:53 PM
Poster ID: guy
Post Title: 
 Sasha - Gloryhole Sydney - 0402 648 216
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sasha 


Establishment : Private/Surry Hills



Date of Visit : Oct 2018



Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 



Phone : 0402648216



Hours of Business : By appointment



Rates : $100/ BJ or $150/ BBBJ



Age : Dont know - advertised as 30s



Size/shape : Don't know - Gloryhole



Nationality or Ethnicity : UK - British accent



Services Provided : Bbbj, deepthroat, CIM



Value for money/recommend? : Yes



My experience/comments : Sasha works out of a private spot about 10mins from Central station. I sent her a message one night when I was out in the city and she was available. Made my way up to Surry hills and into her place. The door was unlocked and she was waiting behind a sheet with a perfectly placed hole. I placed my cock through the hole after giving her the $150 and she gave me a great bbbj. Sasha is also quite good at dirty talk, and despite the fact that I felt she may have been rushing me along, it was a great anonoymous gloryhole bbbj.


