Thread Title: Grace - Haymarket- Wechat
Floor: #1
Post Time: 3rd June 2020, 10:27 AM
Poster ID: Hungry
Post Title: 
 Grace - Haymarket- Wechat
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Grace

Establishment : G- Drop

Date of Visit : May 2020

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Wechat ID girlsdelivery 


Rates : $230/30mins, $280/45 mins, $330/h

Age : mid 20s

Size/shape : size 8, slim, C-D cup natural breasts

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian (Hungarian heritage)

Services Provided : FS (anal as extra)

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : 
Grace was working at No5 Marrickville prior to COVID and now the business is running outcalls and incalls to some apartments. The roster and booking is through Wechat. 

Grace has long, curly red (dyed) hair and smooth pale skin. She is around 170cm tall, slim size 8 and full C-D cup natural breasts with just the slightest hint of sag. She provides light kissing only but is very seductive with her eyes and movements. CBJ with DT (she previously offered BBBJ as extra) and obliging during sex. I took up anal as an extra and she had no complaints with me pounding all her holes for the entire booking. She is intelligent and fun to talk to as well. Definitely not a clock-watcher and gave me all
my time even with her agency buzzing her to let her know her next client was running early. 

Rates are more expensive now than pre-COVID but still good VFM for a hot Cauc.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 5th June 2020, 01:25 PM
Poster ID: sydlong1
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Sounds like fun - do you know if they have a incall option when booking? or only to home?


Floor: #3
Post Time: Yesterday, 07:21 AM
Poster ID: Hungry
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by sydlong1


Sounds like fun - do you know if they have a incall option when booking? or only to home
"""



Incall to city apartmemt


Floor: #4
Post Time: Yesterday, 07:45 AM
Poster ID: personaa
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I tried her once in Croydon maybe 2 yrs ago it was  nice and reasonably tight but when I booked her earlier this year at Marrickville, unfortunately it felt more like fucking a bucket , quite loose and those beautiful tits have started to sag. She doesn't seem to be older than 30 but probably way too much sex...


