Thread Title: Grace Jones- Nth Sydney - 0405 065 665
Floor: #1
Post Time: 14th June 2017, 07:19 AM
Poster ID: onlythelonely12
Post Title: 
 Grace Jones- Nth Sydney - 0405 065 665
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Grace Jones

Establishment : private unit North Sydney

Date of Visit : 29/5/17

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Scarlet Blue / Private Girls   Ph: 0405 065 665  Sydney Escort Grace Jones - Grace Jones

Hours of Business : Check website

Rates : $600 p h

Age : 35?

Size/shape : Petite

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : FS   Anal extra $400   no bbbj

Value for money/recommend? : Good, but pricey

My experience/comments : Met at door by a pretty petite thing who kissed me straight up, then we sat on couch for a little conversation during which she kept putting her hand on my thigh and leaning in for a few little kisses which soon included tongue. Dressed in a little white top and skirt I pulled her onto my lap and we kissed deep with her grinding her pantied pussy on my hardening cock. Removed her top and bra and kissed/licked her small perfect tits while squeezing her perfect little bum in just one hand. Stood up with her still wrapped around me and carried her down hallway to the bed, lay her on her back and removed her knickers with my teeth. Gave her a good licking and thrust tongue as far as it could go, she tasted like a woman should and her cunt was moist and those nether lips were large and soft. Licked up her torso to plant tongue back in her mouth and ground my undies bound cock against her bucking cunt. Too darn hot, she slid under me to get at my cock with her lubed hand, covered me up and rolled over. I plunged into her from behind, she on her stomach, arms outstretched and her perfect little arse slapping against my thighs. Came like a fucking train! Bit of post coital talk, DFK, and she got me away again with a hand job while talking dirty. 
Enjoyed it for sure but a bbbj would have made it perfect.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 2nd April 2018, 08:55 PM
Poster ID: craig6969
Post Title: 
 Grace Jones - Nth Sydney -  0405 065 665
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Grace Jones

Establishment : independent 

Date of Visit : Saturday March 31, 21018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://scarletblue.com.au/escort/grace-jones

Hours of Business : Depends but most days.

Rates : $600ph

Age : 30

Size/shape : size 6

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : Safe Sex. Genuine GFE. Kissing

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

I was a bit nervous as she was so beautiful in her profile pics. I was really hoping this wasn’t another case of fake pics! 

As as she opened the door to her private incall in North Sydney I was shocked! Absolutely beautiful and better than her pics.

She was very bubbly and friendly. She made me feel right at ease and my nerves dissolved within 1 minuet of arrival.

Her service was outstanding and worth every cent of $600 IMO.


If you are looking for a higher class lady save up your money and see Grace!

I had actually seen Grace once before a long time ago.

She made such an impression then I went back for round two .

This time I only spent one hour with her which was not long enough but funds dictated only hour this time.

Grace will make you feel welcome from the minute you walk into her in call which is based in North Sydney.

It is very clean and tidy with shower facilities .... it’s more like a 5 star hotel.

Photos are real but is actually better looking in real person.

Definitely worth a booking if you can afford $600 per hour


