Thread Title: Grace - Chippendale - 0449 224 377
Floor: #1
Post Time: 12th September 2017, 09:43 PM
Poster ID: hulk
Post Title: 
 Grace - Chippendale - 0449 224 377
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Grace

Establishment : PWL

Date of Visit : 11/9

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0449 224 377
I need your hot dick to keep my pussy warm??? - Sydney escorts - cracker.com.au

Hours of Business : dunno

Rates : $150/30mins

Age : very young

Size/shape : petite, size 6, pretty face

Nationality or Ethnicity : asian, however it supposed to be a cauc according to her ad

Services Provided : not sure, haven't consummate. Walked away after realised that she wasn't the girl in the ad. Please read below.

Value for money/recommend? : i don't think so, but maybe if you are okay with fake ads

My experience/comments : 

Was surfing on the cracker's sea of ads during my toilet break when found this girl, Grace. Location wise wasn't far from my workplace so decide to give a go. Texted to arrange a booking and in a couple of minutes she messaged back from a diff number, which rang me some bells. I found strange but we agreed on the time and she gave me directions of her hotel in Chippendale.

On arrival texted her to inform my presence and she promptly replied back. It was a small budget hotel in the main road, those that you have to ring security door to get into the lobby. As soon as I got inside, out of nowhere a bloke on his phone tailgated me from behind. Found it very strange and suspicious, and he looked rough... Anyway just keep moving and jumped into the lift while the bloke stayed in the little lobby area just checking his phone.

When i knocked the door was greeted by a very young, cute and sexy asian girl. The first thing popup in my head (the one with brains) was "hang on, this isn't the girl in the ad pics...". After this WTF moment asked her if she is Grace the girl in the ad, and she said "it don't matter sar, me give you a good service". In a fraction of sections my little brain started connecting the dots: the bloke at the lobby was her pimp and the number in the ad was probably his who arranged the all the bookings. Don't get me wrong, she was really cute, slim in a sexy lingerie but to me she looked underage, maybe in hers 17s which I felt extremely wrong and uncomfortable. Another reason which made things not jelling is the fact that she by herself is cute and sexy enough so she really doesn't needed to use a fake cauc girl pic nor use a pimp to arrange bookings for her, so it really smells dodgy business... So Houston, we have a problem... I apologised her for the misunderstanding and decided to walk away. She then insisted to stay and even offered $130 for half... Even though my little head was almost accepting such generous offer I kept strong to resist the temptation, apologised again walked away for good. This time I used the stairs to avoid the pimp in the lobby. As soon as I got off the little hotel she texted me saying "please come back, don't go". I then deleted all the messages and blocked the number.

After such disappointment decided to see Elizabeth/Belinda/Ava, the milf at Concord. Called her and for my lucky she was free, so spent an hour with this amazing lady which was the best decision I made in that day (review to come soon).

Well, sorry mods I know this is not a complete review as I walked alway, so I will leave to your judgement if you want to keep, move or delete this review. However I just want to share my experience as I hate fake ads and dodgy business. I could have stayed, however this would only give more reasons to these scammers keeping their nasty business. Poor girl...


This is the fake ad, copy&pasted before it vanishes:




			
				Hi Gentleman,




My name is Grace ,I'm 22 years old, study in Australia. I'm Sexy Pretty Slim Size 6, 160cm, 45kg, long hair.
Im friendly and hot girl... i have a natural firm body and beautiful boobs.




Do you wanna find out how different am I with other girls? I am a special girl makes you so irresistible!
Providing best enjoying service such as kissing, blow job, sex, 69, body2body massage, oil massage etc! Also, extra service like BBBJ, CIM, Golden shower,,,,




I am just a part-time escort, grab your chance to see me…


You know, seeing me is like catching a deer!! xoxo 




**You will be serving in a clean nice and comfortable in my private place which is in around CBD  **




Incall
$150 for 30minutes
$250 for 60minutes




Call Me On 0449 224 377 Grace
Poster's age: 22


• Location: CBD ,Chippendale, Inner Sydney, Sydney


Floor: #2
Post Time: 13th September 2017, 07:13 AM
Poster ID: nextlif
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks for posting Hulk. Reviews don't need to be only about the good experiences. There is much value in posting about the bad ones as the good. 

We dont delete reviews without a sexual experience etc such as yours. Sounds like you may be thinking that its required? There is a rule for Registered Users posting reviews for free membership which will see their review rejected if it does not include a description of a sexual encounter, but this does not apply to Bronze members and above.


