Floor: #1
Post Time: 8th November 2015, 09:04 PM
Poster ID: gim
Post Title: 
 Grace/ Felicity - Lower North Shore/Mosman - 0424 519 033
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Grace

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 6th November 2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0424 519 033 / Cremorne / Cracker

Hours of Business : Flexible

Rates : $300.00 Per Hour

Age : 49

Size/shape : Short / Busty / Curvy

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian but originally from Austria

Services Provided : Massage / BBBJ / Full Sex

Value for money/recommend? : I felt over priced / I believe she would have a limited appeal

My experience/comments : 

I needed to be North Sydney / Mosman area on Friday for a meeting which was suddenly pushed back so I thought I would fill in time by seeing a Private Lady. I tried Amy / Jamie at Wollstonecraft and Belle at Kirribilli and couldn't make contact so then tried Grace. She advertises in Cracker but doesn't supply a name.(she told me that name during out first phone conversation) I just found her advert. whilst scrolling. If you type in 49 her advert will pop up. The photo is fake.

Grace has a sexy Austrian accent and was quite charming on the phone so I set up an appointment. She gave me a general idea of where her apartment is located and when I had found parking nearby I phoned her again for the complete address. Usual set up, I found the building buzzed her apartment number and was let in. I am met at the door by a bare footed short blonde wearing an ordinary looking dress, no high heels and lingerie for this lady. Grace has nice face, a lovely smile and is probably 49. We talk for awhile and she then tells me she would be happy to see me which felt kind of strange but I found out later that she actually screens first time clients before she decides to see them and if she doesn't like the look of you or your Indian she will refuse to see you. 

Anyway it felt a bit weird but then again I supposed I could have walked too if I felt like it but I decided to stay. Her unit is large and magnificent. The furniture and decore is first class and expensive. Grace tells me she has other business interests and being a working lady is a bit of a sideline and I found that easy to believe.

We do the financials and I have a quick shower in a bathroom adjacent to the bedroom. Back in the room Grace has stripped to a bra and briefs and gets me to lie face down on the bed for a massage. The massage is more of a gentle rub down using oil with quiet soothing music playing in the background. We talk during the massage but I felt it just went on for too long, maybe fifteen minutes. These types of massages do nothing for me other than maybe put me to sleep which happened once with another WL many years ago. But to my loss I am a patient man and not pushy so I go with the flow waiting for the action to start.

Massage over Grace strips off and gets me to roll over and then starts playing with my cock which is still soft (that's the effect the massage had) and also starts lightly kissing and sucking my nipples which never work on me unless the lady sucks really hard. She then gets on top off me starts with a titty slide (she is easy double D )which really works and now I am hard. She then moves down and plays and gently blows on my cock before then starting with a really good BBBJ so things are starting to look up. For those that get off on a BBBJ with plenty of eye to eye contact this will be a plus. She then moves back for some kissing which is only just average before another titty slide which is very stimulating because she is also rubbing her clit on my bare cock and it feels really good. Then on with the condom for sex in cowgirl and missionary position. Her pussy is quite tight and I dispatch a good load of love juice. 

A quick clean up and chat and we start round two. Grace starts with a CBJ this time and as nearly always happens with me there is no response because I am not participating. I offer to lick her pussy but she says she is a giver and not a receiver but I am also a giver and love to DATY and unless I am doing something like that I cannot get aroused a second time. Try as she might and she really sucked me hard the second time but nothing happened. She then said that if I saw her again she would let me go down on her because now she understood how I functioned.

Session over she puts me in the shower and goes to another bathroom for her shower. When I am showered and dressed she meets in the lounge and she is dressed likes she about to go for a walk and we talk for quite a wile before she shows me to the elevator. She is certainly not a clock watcher with my hour long appointment going for about an hour and a half.

Overall I found the experience to be slightly disappointing but I also felt if I was to see her again it would be better because we had broken the ice but there is also other ladies out there of her vintage (which suits me) that provide as good if not a better a service for about $100.00 less.

If you are a looking to see a mature private WL on a semi regular basis in discreet and luxurious surroundings and you like to be slowly pampered and not treated like someone in a production line she could be the lady for you. She is not a wham bam thank you mame WL.

As I said at the start I think she would have limited appeal


Floor: #2
Post Time: 30th November 2016, 06:34 AM
Poster ID: Gavin
Post Title: 
 Felicity - Mosman - 0424 519 033
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Felicity

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit :  Nov 2016

Contact : Escort.Lower North Shore, North Sydney, Sydney..40up 

Hours of Business : 10am-6pm

Rates : $300/hr

Age : 60s

Size/shape : Slim to medium build, big boobs and hips

Nationality or Ethnicity : Swiss

Services Provided : BBBJ, DT, FS, DFK, no CIM

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : Definitely read Felicity's ad before calling. She's a pretty north shore continental lady in a lovely apartment, easily reached by public transport. Minimum booking is 1 hour, and she specifically states "no texting". Her age means she won't be to everybody's liking, but her service is warm and relaxed. The first half of the session is a light massage with a minimum of oil, and the last half is gentle and passionate. Her skin is incredibly soft and her touch is marvelous. Facially, Felicity reminds me a bit of Annette Crosbie, as she looked in One Foot In The Grave 20 years ago (not as I imagine she looks these days). This is definitely not a blow & go service. I expect Felicity doesn't see many clients, as she has other business interests. The phone call to arrange our meeting was conversational rather than business-like, so proceed with respect


Floor: #3
Post Time: 1st December 2016, 06:35 AM
Poster ID: peterpaul
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
The photo is of Georgia from Amanda's heaven days she's late 50s


Floor: #4
Post Time: 1st December 2016, 12:06 PM
Poster ID: Gavin
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I thought the boobs in the photo were fake
Felicity's are not though


