Thread Title: Haipi - Haymarket -  0416 396 603
Floor: #1
Post Time: 4th September 2019, 09:34 PM
Poster ID: Davidw2
Post Title: 
 Haipi - Haymarket -  0416 396 603
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Haipi (Happy)

Establishment : Independent

Date of Visit : September 

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.australs.com/escorts/syd...vices-id-haa5m

Phone : 0416 396 603

Hours of Business : 24 hours

Rates : $250 per hr

Age : early 20's

Size/shape : size 10, C breasts, hairy pussy

Nationality or Ethnicity : Malaysian Chinese

Services Provided : DATY FS

Value for money/recommend? : not really

My experience/comments : Rang one number and got reply from this number. After a quick Google of the number saw it had been used by Mika (Thai???) for the last 18 months but decided to give it a punt as was in Haymarket. Easy to get to apartment which when I entered brought back memories of student apartments - stuff everywhere. was shown through to the bed in the front room. Haipi shares with 2 other girls one of whom was drying her hair in the bathroom. Haipi is pretty with long black hair and was dressed in what looked like pyjamas. We stripped off and onto the bed and she tidied up various bits of clutter, streamed some porn on her phone which did not do anything for me and we got to know each other. Cuddles and fondling ok but she doesn't kiss DFK etc - my sense was she was not very experienced - says she has been here 5 months. A bit of nipple sucking and some excellent DATY achieved some more interest. She is quite hairy which is not my preference but she tasted good and was responsive. We clearly made too much noise and one of her flatmates appeared from behind a screen  and did not seem too impressed. I was busy with DATY so we carried on and she went to the kitchen. BBBJ was not on offer so she played with my cock and balls which was good. Haipi by now wanted sex and I was pretty excited so on with condom and away we go - she was tight and wet and got really into it and I came pretty quickly.
No massage, a bit of communication via Google translate and I opted for the shower - bathroom full of make up and beauty products. The girl we woke up girl returned to bed and the other (very pretty) by now was dressed and ready to go out.
Recommendation. If public sex with flatmates is your thing this is worth a punt - they were all early 20's and DATY and FS were good but for me too much was missing although the rekindled memories of student days was good


