Thread Title: Haissa  - Sydney CBD - 0477 054 257
Floor: #1
Post Time: 24th August 2016, 02:30 AM
Poster ID: rickmorty2014
Post Title: 
 Haissa  - Sydney CBD - 0477 054 257
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Haissa

Establishment : Private Escort

Date of Visit : August 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Real beautiful Haissa watch my video enjoy it first time in Australia big ass beautiful face body - Sydney escorts - backpage.com

Hours of Business : 9AM - Late

Rates : 500 p/h

Age : 25

Size/shape : Awesome body, 5 ft 8, C Breasts, Nice big ass

Nationality or Ethnicity : Brazilian

Services Provided : BBBJ, DT, FS, Greek

Value for money/recommend? : YES!

My experience/comments :

So I just saw Haissa and guys she provides a great service. I texted her tonight and received a prompt reply.She was very polite and managing the booking was easy.Her English skills are good and there was no communication issues, might be easier to text rather than call though. I walked into her hotel near Hyde Park and was greeted by a tall, glamarous Brazilian woman.The pictures are definitely her and don't do her justice. She has a gorgeous face and figure. 
As you guys have mentioned she's has had some work done, despite this her breasts and ass looked incredible and felt great. We chatted for a bit about the Olympics and Brazil and popped into the shower. Following this I came out to find Haissa eagerly awaiting for me and we got down to some kissing followed by some superb orals skills on her part. I requested wet, sloppy oral and that's what I got. She can really suck! This was followed by some great sex, she rode like a champ in both cowgirl and reverse cowgirl. After this I was offered doggy and happily obliged. This was shortly followed by a trip to Greece which was amazing. Finally I finished with a great cry and lied down to have Haissa give me an amazing massage. We finished up and I left extremely happy.
I highly recommend her and I know I'll definitely be back!


Floor: #2
Post Time: 12th November 2016, 11:29 AM
Poster ID: jamesallenaust
Post Title: 
 Haissa - Sydney - 0477 054 257
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Haissa

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 15/9/16

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0477 054 257

Hours of Business : By appointment

Rates : $500 / hour

Age : Early 20's

Size/shape : 10

Nationality or Ethnicity : Brazilian 

Services Provided : GFE with Greek

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : 

When I saw Haissa ad pop up I was hesitatant as the photos and value for money (Greek included) seemed too good to be true. However I was pleasantly surprised!

Communication was super easy. She responded quickly to my text messages and was very flexible with respect to the time of day. Id arranged to see her at 10am on a Sunday morning (I'm early riser). She has an amazing body and is exactly as per her photos. I read somewhere that she may have had butt implants... She has an amazing ass and implants or not the end result is amazing.

The session itself was pretty standard. She gave ma a blowjob, we then jumped in a very vigorous session of anal and finished in missionary. We had time (and I had stamina) for round 2, so we hit repeat and did it all over again.

Unfortunately I think she's since left Sydney (apologies for reviewing late).

WIR? If she's back in Sydney, I would in a heartbeat.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 29th April 2017, 01:25 PM
Poster ID: Solution
Post Title: 
 Haissa - Springhill - +61 477 054 257
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Haissa

Establishment : private springhill

Date of Visit : April 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://scarletblue.com.au/escort/haissa

Hours of Business : flexible

Rates : 500 ph

Age : 26

Size/shape : super fit, reduced weird breasts, fake jelly ass (the surgeons mixed up her tits and stuck the implants in her ass?)

Nationality or Ethnicity : Brazillian

Services Provided : Everything Inclusive

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments :

after a couple of attempts to make a booking i eventually got there. she answered the door in hot little shorts and pink lingerie... her fake fat ass noticeable... some dfk at the door... business done before hitting the shower.

proceedings kicked off with me leaping on her booty after the shower while she was texting on her phone. (negative she doesnt turn phone off during bookings).

undressed. slapped that booty with my cock before she got on her knees for a nice sexy bj. onto the bed some 69... then some kissing, straddling, pussy slide.. dom on and some fucking on top.. i blow my load. 

round 2 sucks me hard again applies dom doggie in the ass for a good 15 - 20 mins ... her ass takes a hammering... she adjusted her posture slightly so i sensed some discomfort... 

anyway a good vfm punt. will return.


