Thread Title: Hana - Merrylands NSW - 0437028910  (avoid)
Floor: #1
Post Time: 24th April 2019, 06:36 PM
Poster ID: curvedaznsword
Post Title: 
 Hana - Merrylands NSW - 0437028910  (avoid)
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Hana

Establishment : Private house, has two WL's

Date of Visit : 26 February 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://sydney.locanto.com.au/ID_307...g-for-you.html .  Her friend also has an ad at the same place, claiming the same thing but different number. 

Phone :0437028910

Hours of Business : 8am to 11pm

Rates : $100 30mins

Age : ad claim to be 36 but after seeing her, she looked 50+ and her friend looked 50 too..

Size/shape : size 8?, c cups. Shaven. Face: ugly...Her friend too.

Nationality or Ethnicity : ad claim to be from Japan but they were Chinese.

Services Provided :  Massage, BBBJ, CIM.

Value for money/recommend? : NO WAY IN HELL. 

My experience/comments : 
I don't know if i should be laughing with this experience or find it strange but you tell me. 
Felt like having Japanese, so looked on locanto and came across this $100 for 30mins "Japanese housewife with smoking hot body". I saw the picture and i thought it was okay, even did a reverse image search and it seem legit. I'm sure there's better ones out there but i was going to Merrylands anyway so thought why not. 
The house was on the main road, so there's no street parking. You can opt to park in their driveway if you want but may be difficult to reverse out since the main road is very busy. The house from the outside looked poorly maintained, looked like a drug house. 
Knocked on the door, hoping she's a hot milf like the ad described (not sure if you been with Japanese house wives before but they seem to be hotter as they age. Especially in Japan. But i digress).
As the door opened, Hana shown her head  and hiding her body behind the door. Here i should have walked away. But i was horny and felt bad if i left. I came in and Hana wasn't what she was described. Average body and her face wasn't attractive which kind of killed mood and she introduce her friend, another WL. I think her name was Maria. They don't look Japanese at all but to confirm it i said "Hajimemashite" Which is "nice to meet you" and they didnt know what i said and they spoke Chinese to each other. Both ladies had broken English and they wanted me to see them both together for $150 but i said "No thanks". So Hana got me to see Maria instead because "shes good", okay whatever.
Got naked and laid on size double bed. No shower provided. Maria also gets naked and proceed to give me massage with her body. Now 10mins into the massage, Hana comes into the room and starts talking to Maria in Chinese. They talked for a bit until Maria put her clothes back on and left. So Hana starts giving me a normal massage which was average. But turns out a customer booked Maria so she had to go. Wtf?
Anyway, Hana got me to flip over for BBBJ which got me going, lots of head bobbling deep sucking and licking of the balls. Think she would do Rimming too cause she was saying something but i didn't respond. Anyway, she asked if i wanted to fuck but "no thanks", continue with BBBJ. I asked if CIM is okay, and she was good for it
Now just when i was gonna cum in her mouth, Maria opens the door, comes in and starts talking to Hana in Chinese while i'm cumming inside Hana's mouth. So all she can do was just mumble. 
I was like wtf?
The door was open and weren't sure if there's anyone outside, and Maria just casually standing there..
Hana gets out and quickly goes to the bathroom i guess to spit out my weeks load of cum and Maria follows. While i left to clean myself up with tissues. And that was it, put my clothes on and left. Never returning again. They didn't apologized or anything about the interruptions, they only say thankyou for coming and that's it..
Out of all my punting experience, this one was the weirdest. Is that normal?

Overall,
BBBJ: 5/10. 
Massage: by Maria was okay but when switch to Hana.  3/10


Floor: #2
Post Time: 24th April 2019, 07:49 PM
Poster ID: aimlockfire
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
This seems to becoming a bad trend with these Chinese ladies kind of conning their way out. Don't get me wrong... there are plenty of great asian honest hearted beauties. But this is getting a bit absurd. Check my review on Emily ... Chinese pretending to be French.. 

Anyway all good in the hood. Such is the world... and bless this forum... we collectively learn from each others mistakes.

Thanks for posting CurveDaznWord.

Cheers


