Thread Title: Hana - Sexy Korean Girl Blacktown  - 0426 224 819
Floor: #1
Post Time: 4th April 2016, 12:09 PM
Poster ID: james31
Post Title: 
 Hana - Sexy Korean Girl Blacktown  - 0426 224 819
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Hana

Establishment : Private house in Blacktown

Date of Visit : 31-3-16 ( Thursday)

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0426224819

Hours of Business : 9am till late

Rates : $250 Hr, FS with BBBJ

Age : 21

Size/shape : Size 10ish , b Cups , nice nips. 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Korean

Services Provided : BBJ, DFK, FS

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : 

So here is the link from Cracker, not sure if this is still working;

???????sexy, busty Korean girl ????042 622 4819 At Blacktown ?????? - Sydney escorts - cracker.com.au


I am in two minds about my punt with Hana for a few reasons ;

a) She works out of a house which appears to have other girls working from ( not that I spotted any ) but I was greeted by an old frumpy mamasan who just showed me to a bedroom door where Hana was.
b) When I saw her she had only just arrived in Australia on Good Friday and had been working most days since being here and will be heading back to Korea soon.
c) She was very tentative and nervous when we started , I really got the impression that she was new to this.

This concerned me because I had the uneasy feeling that she was being used and I will not see a WL if I think she is being coerced or being taken advantage of, now I have no evidence that this was the case here it was just that feeling you get, the problem is that Hana's English is very basic so I could not get a true sense of the situation, I asked her a lot of questions but she either did not understand what I was asking or did not have the English skills to reply.

The other thing is that I contacted her by SMS as requested and the replies are faultless English but I don't believe that they were coming from her.

Anyway as for the punt;

As I mentioned it began with her being extremely nervous, she seemed to have no ide where to begin, I essentially had to lead her.  Being so nervous I had her lay down next to me and I just started kissing her gently and fondling her breasts and nipples.  Slowly her timid kisses turned to much more enthusiastic French kissing and so we lay in each others arms kissing for a good 20 minutes and I gently stroked her clit and she became more and more aroused as evidenced by her kissing and how wet she started getting, all the while she just stroked my cock.
When I started licking and sucking on her nipples while stroking her clit she just went off, it turns out she has super sensitive nipples and the combination of nipple play, clit playing and DFK sent her over the edge.  She came in quite a big way, she was flushed and exhausted so I took time to caress her and kiss her as she came down off her high, when she had cooled enough she gave me a just OK BBBJ, she did not seem that experienced so I called that short and dommed up for some action, I did want to take her doggy style but once I entered her in mish and she wrapped her arms around me and we kissed deeply while I slowly fucked her there was no way I was leaving this position so we slow fucked for ages while I enjoyed her kisses and when I finally came I think she may have cum again but I am not too sure. 

After clean up she had lightened up big time and wanted to show me photo's on her phone of her selfies of her jogging and her at Olympic park, it would seem that since she arrived she had been to Olympic Park and spent all the rest of the time and Blacktown working,  how depressing...

She told me she training to be a nurse in Korea, well at least that's what I think she said in her broken English , for all I know maybe she was telling me she was a trained sub and I had missed out on the best experience of my life !

I quite like her but was not wrapped in her working situation, the room and house seemed clean enough but since she won't be hanging around for long I am not sure I could be bothered putting in the effort to build the relationship , I know she would be a great fuck the more I saw her but there is no long term potential so I probably won't be back.

All up she was worth the money for the intimate kissing but there is cheaper to be had for a similar service and while she was pleasant enough she was no stunner , (oh and that is not her photo in the ad by the way ) nor did she have that slim build you want in an Asian WL.

Anyway I think YMMV depending on your own punting style and how you choose to treat her, treat her gently and I am sure you will be rewarded.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 6th April 2016, 11:14 AM
Poster ID: Stylsh
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
thanks for the review. Are pictures of her on the website accurate ?


Floor: #3
Post Time: 6th April 2016, 05:24 PM
Poster ID: james31
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
No, as I mentioned in my review, maybe the pic is of someone that also works or worked here before...

I think this place is a glorified brothel not that I saw any other girls or heard any activity but I was there at 9am.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 6th April 2016, 11:25 PM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I love punters seducing Korean girls.


