Thread Title: Hannah Cue - Standing Splits
Floor: #1
Post Time: 11th September 2017, 01:00 PM
Poster ID: DeepImpact
Post Title: 
 Hannah Cue - Standing Splits
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Hannah Cue

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : August 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0472 596 941   https://twitter.com/@hannah_cue_sgd

Hours of Business : Flexible

Rates : $500 per hour, $950 2 hours

Age : 30

Size/shape : 164cm  Cup, Slim, Fit

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : FS, BJ

Value for money/recommend? : Worth a Try

My experience/comments : 

The Memory:  Standing up Hannah against the wall kissing me passionately feeling her firm slim body against mine I hooked my arm under her leg and raised it upwards to get better penetration and to allow me to feel her leg at the same time.  Wow that leg just kept stretching upwards until her calf muscle was against my shoulder and her the foot was pointing skywards and was way over my head even though I'm a fair bit taller than her who stands around 164cm.  This was a huge turn on and so I fucked her harder, her back banging against the wall whilst her right leg was firmly pressed in between our bodies and continuing to be in a standing splits position.  Standing is one of my favourite positions and i've never had it like that with such a flexible woman before.  That must take hours in the gym/yoga or some other exercise to get that flexible.

Before Standing Position:  Hannah was very easy to book and wasn't my first choice but since she was the easiest to make a booking with she won out.  She was visiting Sydney and available in a nice CBD hotel. When I opened the door she was dressed in normal clothes, medium to long hair, asian with brownish skin and is very slim.  She is a nice looking lady and is a few years older than some of the other current girls like Vivienne Law, Rika Tamura or Heidi Lee.

I showered alone and upon exiting she had stripped down to her lingerie with her back to me before she turned around showing off her slim fit figure.  To me she might have gained a couple of kilos since some of her photos were taken but she's still fit.  She embraced me with some kissing and hugging guiding my hand to her bottom and to cup her breasts over her outfit and occasionally my finger would slip inside her bra to brush against her now erect nipples.

Onto the bed with her standing at the side of the bed while I undid her bra and began to kiss her A cup breasts, the type that because of their shape I was able to suck completely into my mouth which is my favourite for small breasted woman- a mouthful size breast.

She gives a pretty decent BJ but I'm here for the fucking today and once in her flexibility shows through with her legs bent right back easily and she kept bringing me down towards her to kiss.  I was eager to try her out in other positions so I carried her over to the table and she sat whilst we did it with her legs over my shoulders, then stand up against the wall and then standing doggie until she leant against the lounge as I pressed her harder and she rested her body against the lounge whilst  I gave her my best.  It was a long lounge so I moved her over the arm rest and she lay down on her stomach whilst I was on top of her back continuing to explore her body with my hand cupping her breast underneath whilst she turned her head to kiss me again.  She really pressed her back up hard from this position and her strength was obvious despite her size.  

Back to the bed to finish off a good session.

She's worth a try for the great flexibility she offers for guys like me that enjoy it.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 13th September 2017, 01:37 PM
Poster ID: Paris LeCoq
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
well she wasn't too happy about certain aspects of your review and she vented on her twitter,


Floor: #3
Post Time: 16th September 2017, 03:57 PM
Poster ID: nswpunter
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Nothing wrong with the review. Hannah's a bit thick if we don't choose escorts based on race sometimes.


