Thread Title: Hannah S - Sydney - 0403 991 701
Floor: #1
Post Time: 9th March 2018, 05:52 PM
Poster ID: asprek
Post Title: 
 Hannah S - Sydney - 0403 991 701
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Hannah S

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 09/03/2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.shirotasubmissions.com/

Hours of Business : Call to confirm

Rates : $750/2 hours (Sweetheart package)

Age : 27

Size/shape : natural DD / Slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Caucasian / Brit-Aus

Services Provided : FS, DFK, CBJ, Mutual masturbation (mutual oral also advertised but due to the lack of poster's experience, i.e. me, it didn't happen) 

Value for money/recommend? : Yes 100%

My experience/comments : 

A fairly long account - TL;DR : Totally worth it 

Booking:
Booking process is fairly painless. If you would like to make a booking, I would suggest either text message or through her web form.  Hannah has a good written communication and her replies both by e-mail and text were very friendly and fairly prompt. I booked for 2 hours "Sweetheart experience". 

In-call:
Overall is clean. Shower is equipped with a rather fancy shower head and an alcohol free mouthwash is also provided. The place where the magic happens is a part of her spacious living room that has been equipped with a large bed and decorated with scented candles. It is separated by a folding screen from the rest of her living room. 

The session:
After being buzzed in, I knocked on her door and greeted by ... a goddess. Hannah is as real as her photos and she is very pretty. The only difference from the photos is that she has a blond pixie hair that really suits her and she wears glasses. Perfect for me as I have a thing for short haired girls . Glasses on, she has this cute geeky look; glasses off, she has this cute girl next door look. 

Started off with friendly conversation to get to know each other over a cup of tea did help with relaxing my nerves before she showed me the showers. Quickly settled the financials before entering the shower.  Going straight to the bed afterward, Hannah is ready on her sexy lingerie.  She jumped from the bed and gave me a quick kiss before ushering me to the bed (there goes my first kiss). From kissing, we went straight to DFK (ok, I gotta slow down with the tongue) while continued snuggling. She then took off her lingerie and played with my lil bro which quickly harden up. Dom on then continued with CBJ followed up by cow girl (bye V-card). Unfortunately, lil bro has performance issue and she had to finish me off through hand relief. 

Nevertheless, orgasm is not the only goal - I want to explore female body - so I asked her whether I could give her a hand as well. She taught me the way (rub down, not up, be careful of the clit) and just before she got the O, she instructed me to stick my middle finger to her pussy. She also bit her little black dildo just before climaxing - very sexy . 

After a lot more snuggling and non stop DFK action,  she got me hard again  and I asked for mish - however lil bro failed me ... again  Doesn't matter, more snuggling, DFK, followed by suckling on her beautiful and shapely breast - left one first, then the right one. Very therapeutic  That was then followed by a session of giving kisses on her neck.  

A short toilet break for each of us, we then continued with another DFK, snuggle, while she gave me another hand relief. This time, I exploded. She took all of the cum on her hand and smother it on her breast. Oh boy 

And 2 hours just fly like that - I took a shower and we had a bit of chat afterward, with she still being fully nude and pressed her sexy thigh on top of mine. Gave her a quick kiss before leaving  with a smile from ear to ear. 

Will I return? Without any doubt, 100% - I think I am hooked  Next time tho, I am gonna ask a help from a little blue pill before the session 

Cue music:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lQlIhraqL7o

PS: She does kinky stuffs if you are into it - check her site ("Submissive Package") - I did have a glance at her restrain and her tail butt plug.


