Thread Title: HANNAH Sexy, Hot Thai - Mortdale - 0435 847 559
Floor: #1
Post Time: 28th August 2015, 12:34 AM
Poster ID: jonnydang77
Post Title: 
 HANNAH Sexy, Hot Thai - Mortdale - 0435 847 559
				
Post Content: 
Address: Station Street Mortdale

Person's Name : Hannah

Establishment : Private unit at Mortdale (Station Street)

Date of Visit : Thu 13th Aug 2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: St George Leader 20/08/2015 - ADULT SERVICES 0435 847 559

Hours of Business : 10am - Evening

Rates : $100 for 30 mins

Age : 22

Size/shape : Size 6, 22 yo, 1.55cm, D cup Natural , Slim and tight body

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : full service

-------------------------------------------------

Like Coke Cola... Bubbly, Nice & Sweet 
-------------------------------------------------

If you read the classified's section of the St George Leader there are several ads describing some lovely young hot Thai's wanting to be fucked. 

One ad reads:
HANNAH Sexy, hot Thai. 22 yo, size 6, busty, lovely body, exotic body rub, fantasy, playful. Phone 0435 847 559

All these ladies are managed by the same mamasan. She specialises in offering hot young Thai girls. I've fucked several of her girls including Lima, Olivia, Leedia and Kim. She operates at various other locations including Beverly Hills, Bexley and Mortdale. All the girls I've fucked are Thai in their early to mid twenties (no older).

I made my way to Mortdale. Found the place alright, but this is a residential area with plenty of units and apartment blocks so you stand a better chance of landing a female at 17 Pitt St Parramatta then you do of finding a parking spot in this street.....so give yourself plenty of time. A discreet and "non-seedy" approach is required when entering and/or leaving the premises.

Made my way up the flight of stairs and approached the unit. The door was slightly open and I enter inside. I noticed two young Thai ladies glued to the TV watching an episode of "If you are the one". Mamasan enters the unit, both girls stand up and introduce themselves. 

On this occasion I opt for  Hannah to service my plumbing. She is young and slim, has an innocent look about her, a pretty face and puppy like eyes and a very nice and prominent rack. 

Hannah takes me into the room, we get the formalities out of the way, I hand over the money for a half hour session. This is going to be a one pop round so I grab the towel and head off for a quick shower.  

She has an amazing body with shoulder length brown/black hair. She is fully shaven, slim, size 6 build, pear shaped hips and a very nice set of "natural" D cups. She has a red tattoo on her left shoulder and small flower tattoo on the side of her neck. She has a nasty scar on the left side of the tummy. I looked at it inquisitively and she states the scar is as result of having her appendix removed. Fuck Me!!! the incision looked like the work of an apprentice butcher.  

Anyway we kick off the session with some EFF [Exploration, Fondling and Foreplay]. I start off by sucking tits like a babe in arms - they are super soft and natural, her nipples are very responsive and quickly erect. Once I sucked her tits dry I go for DFK but she pulls her head away. Fair enough, it must be a chick thing.

I start feeling the rest of her body, she has very smooth skin. She had me hard within minutes. 
She starts with a cat bath, moves onto CBJ and we soon cycle through different positions including cw, reverse c/w & mish. Eventually I move her to the corner of the bed for some doggy action. I part her legs and arse, open her flaps and bury the salami deep inside her, grabbing her hips I begin to slam away. This felt good and I kept slamming for all she was worth [$100 to be exact] eventually popping a single round into the glove.

Hannah is lot like coke cola... bubbly, nice and sweet but once she's opened she soon goes flat.

She's quite green and mechanical but I reckon once she's had a few cucumbers in her she will loosen up. 
BTW - most of the girls this mamsan has on offer are green and need to be broken in so YMMV.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 28th August 2015, 09:05 AM
Poster ID: sydneysouth
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thai girls by nature aren't kissers - it's something they learn as they realise that we (farang) men like.
If the mamasan is bringing newbies in it will be luck of the draw to find a natural fucker and one that gets her head around what we like.
Even sucking cock is not a natural for them - again it's learnt once they know we like it. Obviously some excel, some never get it! lol


Floor: #3
Post Time: 29th August 2015, 04:30 PM
Poster ID: jonnydang77
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Good observation Sydneysouth..... This is so true for most young thai ladies..
The more experienced and mature ones eg Meena from Roselands, Linda from Rosehill, Patty from Penrith can't get enough cock or tongue action.
.


