Thread Title: Harper Daniels - Parramatta - 0422 345 707
Floor: #1
Post Time: 3rd December 2015, 07:57 PM
Poster ID: bfernando
Post Title: 
 Harper Daniels - Parramatta - 0422 345 707
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Harper

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 9/09/2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Harper Daniels | Sydney | Escorts & Babes 

Hours of Business : Uncertain

Rates : 1 hour $400

Age : 22

Size/shape : Slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Caucasian

Services Provided : FS GFE

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : 

I had a couple days off back in September and decided to have a bit of fun, this was my first FS, I had been tentative in the past but decided to hell with it and jumped on Cracker. Spotted Harper's ad (link long gone), she looked quite attractive and I have read good things about the girls from Beyond Fantasies on here before. I texted her and easily organised a time, I drove over to the apartment around lunch time feeling quite giddy with nerves. Knocked on the door and was greeted buy a very sexy brunette standing in beautiful black lingerie and heels. She invited me in, and brought me into the room. Naturally I jumped in the shower, then back into the room to get on with the good stuff.

Harper took my towel off and laid me face down, she sat in front of me and proceeded to massage my back nice and slowly. Not the best technique but it didnt really bother me, this went on for about 15 min she then went in between my legs and began stroking my cock from behind getting me very hard. She turned me over and continued to stroke while tonguing my nipples, on with the bag and she began to suck with pretty good skill nothing mind blowing though. We then started kissing as she started writhing away on top of me, I got her to slip off her panties and sit right down on my face as I went to town. After a couple minutes she sat on my cock, we fucked for a good 15 minutes before she jumped off and stroked me to a huge cumshot. I took some time to relax, she then asked if I wanted to go again, I obliged. She got me hard again, and down she went again with a pretty good blowjob. The second round was finished with her stroking me whilst kissing me neck and slipping her tongue in my ear. We had some small talk afterwards, she is extremely polite and I assume would easily talk the whole time but I was not interested in that, I cleaned up and left, feeling quite good, although I feel FS is not really for me, this was a fun experience and if she pops back up on the beyond fantasies website you guys should check her out.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 8th December 2015, 03:43 PM
Poster ID: unclepj
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Harper has long gone from Fantasia
She was replaced by Ellie and she was great but sadly she has also gone.
I was there today with Nina and will do a full review later.
Nina is very very good
Pj


