Thread Title: Havana (Latina Carribbean) - Rhodes -  0449 563 798
Floor: #1
Post Time: 4th January 2018, 10:15 PM
Poster ID: corelcoral
Post Title: 
 Havana (Latina Carribbean) - Rhodes -  0449 563 798
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Havana

Establishment : private premises near Rhodes

Date of Visit : October 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : NEW YEARS Special "Latina Caribbean" with curvs!!! $100 half full - Sydney escorts - backpage.com.au

Hours of Business : daytime & weekends

Rates :  $100 Half $220 45 minutes $250 Hour OUTCALL $220 Half $290 45 minutes $350 hour

Age : 36

Size/shape : curvy, BBW, chunky

Nationality or Ethnicity : Cuban

Services Provided : BBBJ, CIM, Rimming

Value for money/recommend? : yes

My experience/comments : 
Apologies for a late post on Havana.
Have wanted to see Havana for a long time but as she only works during the daytime and not always on weekends it was difficult to arrange. Finally found a time that worked for both of us and she gave me directions to her abode. Entrance and parking is discreet.

Showed up at the door and slipped inside to meet Havana. Havana is quite short, perhaps 5'2. She is quite chunky with huge cans that droop a little and a big bubble butt. She has a  bit of a tummy and her legs are quite chunky (not shapely). She has beautiful dark smooth skin and I'd say she has quite a cute face with a big beautiful smile, big lips, lovely large dark almond shaped eyes and a cute button nose. I can't remember what she was wearing!
Havana greets me with a big beautiful smile and I'm immediately at ease. She asks how long is like to stay which I decide an hour then it's off to have a quick shower. Havana does not join me but makes nice small talk while I wash. 
After drying, Havana gives me a deep kiss then asks me to sit on the lounge where she begins to give me a big sloppy BJ. It's not bad but what makes it most enjoyable is that she seems to love it!
She then suggests we move to the bed and I offer to return the favour which Havana is more than happy to receive as she spreads her legs.
Havana's pussyy is lovely to lick apart from the horrible tasting spermicide which eventually wears off and she locks my head between her thighs and shudders uncontrollably with delight shortly after. 
Havana then asks if I'd like to fuck and I ask if she can ride me which she happily agrees to. Before long I can't hold it any longer and cum in the bag while deep inside her.
We then cuddle and caress for a while and chat. She is a lovely person and very easy to talk to. Appears to have her head screwed on right.
Havana then asks if I'd like her to suck me again. God yes! She moves between my legs and begins her nice sloppy blow job again. After a while she says she wants me to cum in her mouth. I normally struggle to cum this way and it's no different this time so I finally wank myself while we dfk and just before I cum she locks her lips around my cock again and I cum in her mouth. She goes to the bathroom to spit then comes back clean me up. Some more chatting, a shower and I'm back out the door feeling very happy.

Havana is a really lovely girl who I'd perhaps see again but her body wasn't that much of a turn on for me as she was not as shapely or curvey as I prefer.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 11th December 2019, 12:44 PM
Poster ID: You
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Havana

Establishment : Private in North Strathfield

Date of Visit : 10/12

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://sydney.locanto.com.au/ID_314...Caribeean.html

Phone : 0449563798

Hours of Business : weekday daytime appointment only

Rates : $200 ph

Age : 36

Size/shape : 10-12 c cups with fantastic booty

Nationality or Ethnicity : Cuban Ebony rather than Latina

Services Provided : BBBJ, FS

Value for money/recommend? : God yes a gem

My experience/comments : 

Actually the day started terribly. I'd booked to see an Indian lady https://sydney.locanto.com.au/ID_408...-more-fun.html after getting confirmation that the locanto pictures were accurate. When I got there, it was bait and switch time, and frankly after being kept waiting in the awful Sydney smoke I wasn't in the best of moods. So I pointed out to the Chinese lady on offer that she wasn't the lady in the pictures. And as I found the "you must have spoken to the boss" explanation I walked - never done that before, but it was quite liberating. 
In case her "boss" tenya71555 is reading this, go fuck yourself arsehead.

Ok, having vented now, I shall explain how my day changed completely. So, the inner west isn't my area however as I was still feeling the need, I went back to locanto and this time spotted the add for Havana and then I found corelcoral's review above. Havana was fortunately already at her place of operations and she agreed to see me. And my day changed completely.

She is a Caribbean delight, lovely smile, cheery personality and smooth dark skin. Also serious pocket rocket time, once she stepped out of her heels she couldn't have been much over 5ft, so she's definitely not one for those who like tall and lean. 
Not a big/deep kisser, but when she moved down south she absolutely devoured me orally. Head, shaft, balls, taint - everything got a delightfully sloppy going over.  
Then it was on with the latex and hiho cowgirl time, then it was my turn, doggy please. Grabbed her on the hips and went to town, building up a notable head of steam (lots of positive vocalisations from the seniorita) before reaching the finishing line. A absolutely top punt and I'll be back for more even though it's not geographically ideal for me.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 14th February 2020, 11:35 AM
Poster ID: khaldrogo
Post Title: 
 Havana - Ebony - Private
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Havana

Establishment : Private - North Strathfield

Date of Visit : Feb 2020

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://escortsandbabes.com.au/Profi...dent/Havana36/ 

Phone : 0449563798

Hours of Business : Mixed usually starts and 9:30 works during the day

Rates : 200 ph

Age : 36

Size/shape : Short, size 14, Sexy, Has curves big booty, boobs and belly, trimmed

Nationality or Ethnicity : Cuban - Ebony

Services Provided : DFK, DATY, 69, BBBJ, FS multiple

Value for money/recommend? : Yes/Yes had a great time

My experience/comments : Was feeling like something different so perused E&B and came across Havana's profile - just what the doctor ordered.  Phoned the number and it was answered with a bubbly voice made the arrangement and headed over straight away.  parked in a side street and then received instructions - very straitforward and easy.  Entered the premisis which she shares with another lady at the top of the stairs was a very sexy, curvy, lady with a great smile on her face - very positive start.  Up the stairs introduced ourselves and into the bedroom on the left which is good size and tastefully furnished.  Had some LFK, mutual groping, little drogo was hard immediately prompting some friendly banter.  Handed over the cash undressed and was escorted to the shower where she waits for you until finished and escorts back to the bedroom.

Some more DFK, while she unclipped and undressed, she has great boobs and nipples so made sure to give them plenty of attention.  Onto the bed more DFK before Havana started making her way down to little drogo for a BBBJ, and what a BBBJ, plenty of ball and perenium action, loads of saliva, deep throat and gagging, plenty of eye contact and cheeky smiles.  One of the best BBBJ's I've experienced, no tissues, no teeth, not complaining about pre-cum.  I got her to swing around for some 69 action, nice pussy, tasted great love the pink contrasting with her beautiful dark skin.  Let my tongue it's thing while she keep giving a great BBBJ.  Soon I was right on edge so disengage and asked her to lie down and told her it was my turn to focus on her, she spread her legs and I went to work, she appreciated it and soon enough she reached climax with a shudder or two.  Came up for air thanked me for my tongue work and had some more DFK.  She applied protection and then mounted me for some cowboy giving me access to those great boobs, before long she tired and we switched to missionary where I built up a head of steam and before long we both reached climax.  I had a sweat worked up as there is no aircon in the room and it was quite humid, and was gassed with my exertions.  Havana helped clean little dorog and had a nice chat while she ran her hands over my body while we caught our breath, some more kissing and little drogo was ready for round 2 only had 10 minutes or so left.  Protection was applied and doggy was called for - what a sight an ebony booty in every sense of the word slapping against cock and balls as Havana pushed back to meet my thrusts, after several minutes of this great action, time was almost up, it always takes a lot longer for me to cum the 2nd time, so disengaged, cleaned ourselves up another LFK, got dressed and headed down the stairs and out the door.

A great session with a lovely lady, I'll be back.

KD


Floor: #4
Post Time: 14th February 2020, 09:37 PM
Poster ID: Punterman2
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Wow great AR, I will see her next week. I like my white boy cock going in and out of a black pussy


