Thread Title: Hayley Brooks - Sydney - 0429 674 063
Floor: #1
Post Time: 13th September 2019, 02:23 AM
Poster ID: Gent.Perth
Post Title: 
 Hayley Brooks - Sydney - 0429 674 063
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Hayley Brooks 

Establishment : Private Worker

Date of Visit : 19th August

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.misshayleybrooks.com/

Phone : 0429 674 063

Hours of Business : Flexible

Rates : $450 / hr

Age : early 30's but Damn

Size/shape : size 6

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : GFE with BBBJ

Value for money/recommend? : Best money spent

My experience/comments : Booking with Hayley was a simple and straighforward process (not like posting reviews on this review website) and initially i messaged her on Twitter. Her photos looked lovely and her engagment when we transitioned to SMS was charming.

I had had a very successful week in Sydney and was looking forward to celebrating the week with my visit to Hayley's apartment on the friday night. During the exchange of messages, I offered to bring a bottle of bubbly given i had reason to celebrate. It her tipple of choice and i wanted to celebrate. I hopped on the train as my appointment time got near and heading into the CBD of Sydney.

Hayley's apartment is not far from the Town Hall station (5 min walk) and right on schedule I arrived. Hayley asked to meet me at the elevators to escort me up. When the lift doors opened, there stood this statuesque blond with legs up to her neck. Wow what a beauty, I was practically lost for words, whether that was from my tounge lollying out or something else. We headed up to her apartment and magically two chilled flutes appeared so that we could get on with toasting the week that I had.

Hayley is genuinely engaging. She took the time to get to know me as we shared a glass or two of bubbly before we got down to business. After a little while of chatting, and a bit of necking on the couch, she grabbed my hand and lead me to her bedroom. She continued kissing me deeply with a tounge so skilled that I could just anticipate what sensations it would create when harnessing that same magical skillset on a far more sensative part of my body.

As we moved passionately around the bed, she eagarly explored and teased my body. As she kneeled over and I could feel her hot breath on my other head, the sight of those lucious long limbs of hers was highlighted by a bottom that looked like two little mangos had been sculped by Michaelangelo himself. I didn't know where to look, her amazing ass and glorious attractive pussy or should i focus on watching my cock slowly decend into her throat as she deeply swallowed me with the skill of a performing sword swallower.

Her tounge went to work slowly bringing me to the edge before backing off. Sometimes quick and other bobs of her head slowly. I would say she would have been in my top 5 BJs ever recieved. I ran my hands all over her body as i motioned for her to allow me to come back from the precipice of orgasmic wonder (didnt want to come to soon).

To reward her for her efforts and stella job I felt it was only right and fair that i repay the favour (not to mention i was desperate to taste her and lock my lips around and explore) and show her that i did value and appreciate what she had just done to me. Well it didn't take too long to have her squirming around like she had done to me, and I could taste the excitment building in her. I took my time and brought her close to the edge, before i would back off again, until eventually she used both her hands to hold my face into her body as I latched on to her clit for one last time. Her hips started to buck and all my tounge could taste was her sweet nectar as she fell into the abyss of the full body orgasm. I felt her hands go limp around my head, and her body slowly relax as it quivered just every so often and her breathing came back to a more comfortable level. She thanked me for my work and we proceeded to spoon while she basked inthe glow of post ogasmic bliss.

She wedged my rod in her bum crack as she started to gyrate against me showing me she had recovered and was up to continue. On went the dom and I sank my entire length into her belly. Now after going at it mish for a bit, she told me she loved being held, So i slid back behind her, as she lifted her top leg as again we joined ourselves in a slow and sensous fuck.

Now YMMV but my encounter with Hayley would have to be the closest to a real GF fuck that I ever have experienced.

I cant wait to head back to Sydney


