Thread Title: Heidi Hole - Sydney CBD - 0406 984 077
Floor: #1
Post Time: 17th March 2020, 09:14 PM
Poster ID: dex
Post Title: 
 Heidi Hole - Sydney CBD - 0406 984 077
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Heidi Hole

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : Jan 20

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Escorts & Babeshttps://www.escortsandbabes.com.au/P...rt-heidi-hole/

Phone : 0406 984 077

Hours of Business : varies

Rates : $550 for PSE

Age : Mid-Late 20s

Size/shape : Slim almost too skinny

Nationality or Ethnicity : British

Services Provided : bbbj, dfk, full service, Anal (extra)

Value for money/recommend? : Unfortunately no

So browsing thru E&B earlier in the year I came across Heidi's ad and felt the urge to pay her a visit due to the long list of services she offered.

Made a call, no answer, got a text in return & so began the dance of even getting a booking finalised.  In short, we set a time to meet, I rock up at the appointed time & she's not ready.  She asks me to wait 15 mins (which turns closer to 30) and then says 5 more mins (another 15 in actuality).  Maybe I should have just walked away at this point - but the little head overruled the sane decision & we waited.

Got up to the incall finally and first impressions were that she was thin, not just "slim" but almost painfully skinny to my eye, I tend to like more athletic or at least some meat on the bones body types, but Heidi was at the other of the scale in that regard.  Again, maybe I should have walked, but we got this far...

Had the usual shower and quick chat before we start the action.  She goes down on me this part was actually quite good, we settled on the PSE service which she said she enjoys, so vigorous deep throat to some face fucking & she even did some gagging also.  The actual sex when we got to it was a bit "meh" by comparison to her BJ, she admitted to being a bit tired, and was overall a lackluster affair.  I got her back on the BJ & managed to get over the line with a bit more DT.

So overall, I wont recommend, there are certainly better experiences to be had at that price point and honestly, 200 extra for anal (which thankfully i didnt take up) is just bad value overall.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 20th March 2020, 09:30 PM
Poster ID: Jonmhale93
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
there's a few reports of her being super drugged up during booking. 

I booked her a few years ago and aside from the fact I had to wait over half an hour outside the building (seriously why can't escorts make good time; Especially if they'll stop you when your time is up); it was an amazing service

do you think her being on drugs was a possibility? disappointing if so cos I wanted to book her again but i've only seen negative reviews recently


Floor: #3
Post Time: 20th March 2020, 10:44 PM
Poster ID: dex
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I honestly didn't know she had been around for that long.  Figured she may have been fairly new to the scene but there ya go...

Its a possibility, but I have no way of knowing for sure when I saw her.

On the late bookings, its probably the usual story, she has a person take bookings for her and then passes the info to Heidi. The process obviously needed more work! 😂


Floor: #4
Post Time: 21st March 2020, 06:37 AM
Poster ID: luvasian
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by dex


I honestly didn't know she had been around for that long.  Figured she may have been fairly new to the scene but there ya go...

Its a possibility, but I have no way of knowing for sure when I saw her.

On the late bookings, its probably the usual story, she has a person take bookings for her and then passes the info to Heidi. The process obviously needed more work! 