Thread Title: Heidi - Sydney (CBD) - 0409 674 441
Floor: #1
Post Time: 4th August 2011, 11:20 AM
Poster ID: indian_punter
Post Title: 
 Heidi - Sydney (CBD) - 0409 674 441
				
Post Content: 
Ok, this was a very good one ... definately recommended.
I visited heidi ages ago and wrote this .. I visited her yesterday and had the same service.
Once again I regretted not going the FS ... definately will sometime next week when my Tax return comes in 
The tattoos ... OMFG ... do yourself a favour and go to this one before you go anywhere else.

Here goes

Her name is Heidi from Germany.
Located in the CBD.

Cost
$140 / 45 Mins for Massage
$250 / 45 Mins for Full Service

Premises
She is located in a very nice High Rise Apartment in the city.
Hard to get parking on the street, but 50m down is a parking station. Cost $10 for after 6pm parking.


Contact
Ad as it appears in the Daily Telegraph Newspaper .. or you can find her site here.
Home: Heidi, your German Playmate...

Lady
She speaks with a slight German accent and is very bubly. Very very sexy indeed.
She was very helpful all up.
She is brunette, with a AWESOME body. About a size 8.
Not skinny, nice soft curves int he right place. Nice boobs, medium and soft.
She is not very tall. She claims 160cms, and I believe her.
Awesome ass .. nice and round.
Best Part - Tattoos on her upper back .. OMFG. They really turn you on when your see them.

Service
She requested a shower, and I obliged. She even started the shower running because it takes a minute to warm up.
When I got out, she was on her fours in bed and waiting for me.
There is a mirror on one side of the wall, and you can watch everything.
I was only in there for a massage .. and boy did i regret not taking more money with me. Big mistake.
She gave a nice firm massage .. using elbows and knees as well !
Lots of boobs rubbing up and down.
Then came the oil .. 
she is sooo good with the hands .. and she teases .. when your almost there ... she lets go and massages more ... lol
When i was finally ready she made sure it was a good one ... 

Beautiful Body, Beautiful service ... very active .. great conversation .. unrushed service.
I drove 45 mins to get there and paid for parking ..
I was expecting a lot and she overdelivered.


Rating
Face 9/10
Cleanliness 10/10
Body 8/10
Service 10/10


Floor: #2
Post Time: 4th August 2011, 02:36 PM
Poster ID: rabman
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hi Indian Punter,
I too have seen Heidi quite a while ago but the last time I saw her about a year ago she was going overseas for an extended holiday, and she told me that she may not be back.
Can you confirm that she is back and that you saw her yesterday? Where is she advertising now?


Floor: #3
Post Time: 4th August 2011, 05:43 PM
Poster ID: indian_punter
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Definately saw her yesterday. Rang the number on her site.
she was hard to get hold of.


