Thread Title: Helena - Randwick - 0456 394 255
Floor: #1
Post Time: 14th June 2017, 08:35 AM
Poster ID: onlythelonely12
Post Title: 
 Helena - Randwick - 0456 394 255
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Helena

Establishment : private unit 

Date of Visit : 11/5/17

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :  Ph: 0456 394 255 http://sydney.cracker.com.au/FemaleE...ppeal/36877762
                                                  Unit located opposite Ritz Cinema, Randwick 

Hours of Business : check with worker

Rates : $200 for half hour ( hourly = ?)

Age : 42 but add another 5 years

Size/shape : 5' 8" tall, slim build, size 8, nice tits 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : Covered bj, full service

Value for money/recommend? : No way

My experience/comments : She let me in but all I got was a peck on the chin and she hardly let me kiss her for the entire 30 mins, even though on phone she assured me this was a passionate service! Her body is a pretty fuckable unit but her face is very plain. I lie down on bed to start, bit of massage, very ho-hum, so I turn over, sit up and as she is now standing facing the bed I grab her butt and pull her in to lick her stomach and then slide to my knees on the floor to tongue her snatch but she is not receptive and manoeuvres back to the bed. A bit frustrated, I get up and push her face down on bed and slide my cock around her arse crack, but she jolts onto her side and suggests condom. Applies it with her mouth but doesn't linger over the job and as I wasn't enjoying it anymore I again pushed her face down and doggied  hard to finish. After cumming she was all friendly, affectionate and touchy which made the whole episode seem even more insincere and depressing. Give this one a miss, she doesn't know how to treat a man properly.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 15th June 2017, 02:45 PM
Poster ID: Bluey651
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"Give this one a miss, she doesn't know how to treat a man properly."

A lot of pushing and forcing. I wonder who knows how to treat who, properly.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 15th June 2017, 04:13 PM
Poster ID: onlythelonely12
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Oh for god's sake - I've already been chastised by a moderator for my seemingly belligerent tone. I like to assert myself with a woman when engaged in sexual activity, it's who I am, but I am never aggressive or coercive. My 'frustration' and 'pushing her face down' don't read too well, I agree, but replace with 'exasperation' and 'positioned her head' and we are closer to actuality. Any future reviews will be tailored to account for the surprisingly sensitive nature of many of the punters on this site.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 16th June 2017, 03:56 PM
Poster ID: pluginpussy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I checked out the link provided and Im pretty sure I know who's body it is from RCT ... All I can say is she wouldn't give you a bad service unless you did something wrong to her.I think anyone who has had the pleasure of her company on this site could vouch for that


Floor: #5
Post Time: 21st June 2017, 12:08 AM
Poster ID: hulk
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by pluginpussy


I checked out the link provided and Im pretty sure I know who's body it is from RCT ... All I can say is she wouldn't give you a bad service unless you did something wrong to her.I think anyone who has had the pleasure of her company on this site could vouch for tha
"""



Helena@Riverwood Cougar Town (aka RCT) is not the same lady from this ad, they are diff persons.

I saw Helena at Riverwood on her recent shift (I think was queens birthday public holiday) and asked if she knows about the Helena from the ad (off course not showing this review, only the link provided from Cracker).  She denied that it is her and told me another punter who saw similar rumours circulating in the infamous Parlour Pages that it is her ad, rang the girl from the ad asking if she worked at RCT, and the lady said "no fucking way I would work in a brothel!!", LOL!

We had a good laugh together, I reckon this PWL Helena@Coogie is getting heaps of inquiries asking if she is the one from RCT... poor lady.


