Thread Title: Honey - Dulwich Hill - 0424 298 568
Floor: #1
Post Time: 25th December 2015, 01:44 PM
Poster ID: Jack Kerouac
Post Title: 
 Honey - Dulwich Hill - 0424 298 568
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Honey 
Private Girl : (More later.)
Date of Visit: December, 2015-12-25
Contact Details: A Hot Young Shaven Fantasy Kink Anal 3somes I do Absolutely Everything in Dulwich Hill 3pm till Late - Sydney escorts - cracker.com.au
Phone:
Hours of Business: varies
Rates: I paid $300/60 for everything.
Age: mid 40s
Size/shape: Weight for height. Normally shaved pussy, but stubble on it when I was there.
Nationality or Ethnicity: Aussie
Services Provided: Full Service, Dfk, bbj with cim and swallow. Covered sex and anal.

Howdy ladies and gents,

This is a review of Honey.

You know, I will never learn. All my life I have had great intuition and have continually ignored my inner voice.

Take for example the advice of Paulie Tunks. Paulie always gave me a bum steer, but I kept on listening to him in spite of my inner voice saying “No Jack, this is all bad”.

Anyway, Paulie used to date Cleophas Cloey. Cleophas had a lovely face, slightly buck teeth, and an ‘alternative’ personality. This was the time of the hippie chicks and I figured this was where Cleophas was coming from.

At any rate, Paulie told me he was tired of her and would I be interested in seeing her. Me, never to reject the offer of a woman, agreed and as fast as you could say Jack Robinson I was in like Flynn. Paulie told me that he put in a good word for me and a date was made.

We were going to be going to the movies, but Cleophas said her parents were away for the weekend and we could watch TV and eat some takeaway pizza.

To make a long story short, a few moments after I arrived we were in bed performing various sex acts with each other that are so dirty I am ashamed to think of them myself. After the filth had subsided and we lay in each other’s arms the following interaction ensued:

Cleophas: When should I tell my parents?
Jack: About what?
Cleophas: About our getting married.
Jack: What???!!!!
Cleophas: You are going to marry me aren’t you?
Jack: I just remembered I have to go now.
Cleophas: Where are you going?
Jack: To help my Dad.
Cleophas: What’s wrong?
Jack: He’s got a prostate gland like a hot potato.
Cleophas: So?
Jack: I need to see him and help him cool it off.


Damn that Paulie Tunks! He got caught in her wacky web and used me as his life preserver.

How did I get out of this mess? I went to my local draft board, had them rate me 1A and got my arse drafted into the Army. I never regretted going to Vietnam when I remembered what a space cadet Cleophas Cloey was.

In punting I’ve had the same thing go on.

My old mate Riley Greenleaf showed me an adult ad by Fatima Hadjib, where she advertised, she was a sexy Arab woman, in Croydon, who would basically do everything under the sun for $150/60. The little voice in me said “Forget it Jack. You’ll get fucked in more ways than one”.

Once again, I ignored the voice and when I arrived at her flat, got buzzed in, I discovered she was a sbbw. She was huge, with tits so loose she could play soccer with them. Anyway, in for a penny, in for a pound as they say.

Once the money exchanged hands the following conversation ensued:

Fatima: If you want to see me again it will have to be in my new place.
Steve: New place?
Fatima: Yeah, I am getting kicked out of here.
Jack: Why?
Fatima; I scream hysterically all night and the neighbours hate it.
Jack; Why yell and holler all night?
Fatima: Why not?


Well, I quickly dipped my wick in her and was out the door. Like a rabbit chased by a hound-dog, I never looked back. (By the way, she was so out of condition that she experienced a shortness of breath while I fucked her in mish and this was with her being like a starfish!)

This brings us to my current punt.

This punt was in Dulwich Hill and features a place that has 4 women and a tranny working out of the same joint.

To get there, I had to walk down a narrow laneway. At the end of the laneway was a guy spray painting a car. I thought you needed special premises to do the job right and needed to ‘cook’ the paint afterwards, but here was a dude in overalls painting this car like he was spraying a fence. He had more paint on himself than he had on the car!

The little voice said “Turn around and leave Kerouac”. As usual, I ignored the voice and moved on.

I walked up a flight of stairs to enter a joint that literally looked like a hand grenade had been thrown into it. There was shit around everywhere and the place looked like it had never been cleaned.

I was greeted by the not unattractive Honey, who I must admit was nice throughout the session.

If you read the ad Honey advertises as being 29. If this is true it is in dog years. She looks 40’s to me.

She is a size 10, normally shaved pussy, but this time had stubble. She is size 10, B cups, two tattoos, one on right hip and one across the lower back. She had Terry-Thomas gap in between her two front teeth.

First, the good news, she was very affectionate and a good kisser. She had a reasonably tight pussy and arse. As advertised, I came in her mouth and she swallowed.

Now for the bad news, this place makes Billy’s in Marrickville look like the Carlton-Ritz in comparison. If you know Billy’s then you know that joint is a real hole, e.g. if you enter from the back lane, the place smells like a thousand homeless bums have urinated n the stairwell!

I commented to Honey about the décor and even she thought it sucked. “If you come back I’ll tell you all about it”, she said. (And I am thinking, “If I come back I won’t be able to understand what she says because I will have lost the last connection between my last two remaining neurons!”)

Another bit of bad news is she is a smoker and I did not find her attractive. The smoking part wasn’t so bad as the fragrance was covered over by the smell of the place. It smelled like 20 guys had each smoked a carton of Old Woodbine 10 minutes before my arrival.

Finally she has a ‘life’ and issues. Look, I have issues. My paranoia is so big you can sell advertising space on it and franchise the rest out to Europe.

Honey has real issues that she told me about in detail. I heard much more than I wanted to and some of it made my hair stand up. That put a damper on the proceedings.

Was it a good punt? Well, as Riley Greenleaf was famous for saying, “The only thing better than a bad punt is a good one!”

Will I go back? Nope.

Will I join the army to get away from Honey? Na.

Well, I’ve got to go now.

I’ll be back soon with another review.

Merry Xmas and Happy New Year.

Catch you again friends.

Until that time mates . . .until that time.

Jack


Floor: #2
Post Time: 25th December 2015, 02:35 PM
Poster ID: exmelpunter
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Jack I'm fascinated that you, a yank, know what a terry Thomas gap is. He is the most English of English movie comics from the old school.

And I suspect this could be the girl that used to work out of 142 although she was really skinny.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 25th December 2015, 03:07 PM
Poster ID: happyboxer
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
She looks dirty, nasty and fun from the photos Jack. Good reading for later

Cheers, 
HB


Floor: #4
Post Time: 25th December 2015, 05:25 PM
Poster ID: exmelpunter
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Just saw the pics. Not nikki from 142


Floor: #5
Post Time: 26th December 2015, 11:05 AM
Poster ID: Mr Crash and Burn
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Is it Sabine from AH?


Floor: #6
Post Time: 26th December 2015, 04:03 PM
Poster ID: hushabomb15
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
@Mrcrashandburn. Not even close


Floor: #7
Post Time: 27th December 2015, 06:43 AM
Poster ID: SeaRay
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Another great Adventure Jack, The SeaRay did visit this funny little "Mini Whorehouse" that looked like the Back Stage of a Drag Theatre with all the old clothes hanging on racks and the drapes over the doors, Honey & the old Susie look like Carnival Whores you think that would operate a Tented Brothel behind the Boxing Tent at the Moore Show... I think an hour with ANTI of Waterloo maybe more fun than this smelly joint up the back lane


Floor: #8
Post Time: 27th December 2015, 08:32 AM
Poster ID: Jack Kerouac
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Searay,

Looks like we visit some of the same joints.

I guess Anti/Annie might be worth another visit to have my wee-wee washed by her using a coffee tin!
 Jack


Floor: #9
Post Time: 27th December 2015, 08:54 AM
Poster ID: Collinsclasslaw
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I rated her, as a good solid rough fuck!!!


Floor: #10
Post Time: 27th December 2015, 09:17 AM
Poster ID: nextlif
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Maybe you could give us a review?


Floor: #11
Post Time: 27th December 2015, 09:46 PM
Poster ID: Bob James
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
This is the same joint that I saw Candy (the lady who performed the gum job).
They always have interesting ladies here with some amazing stories.
Thinking of seeing Honey soon, anyone seen the slim size 6 lady who advertises on cracker?Long Legs Tiny Size 6 Body all Fantasies Here for your Pleasure in Dulwich Hill 3pm-Late 0416793827 - Sydney escorts - cracker.com.au


Floor: #12
Post Time: 27th December 2015, 10:57 PM
Poster ID: Jack Kerouac
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I haven't see her, but she appears similar to the others in that a lot of water has gone under the bridge.

Jack


