Thread Title: Honey  - Marrickville (Livingston) -  0433 670 289
Floor: #1
Post Time: 2nd April 2019, 11:48 AM
Poster ID: flygtfalcon
Post Title: 
 Honey  - Marrickville (Livingston) -  0433 670 289
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Honey

Establishment : Livingston Marrickville unit, Private Location with Multiple Girls Swapping on Different Days

Date of Visit : 29/03/2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://au.skokka.com/escorts/sydney...9ban257905775/

Phone : 0433670289

Hours of Business : Unsure but ordinary working hours seems to be the case

Rates : $60 for 30mins nude massage & Hj 

Age : 50's

Size/shape : Slim overall, I think she is a grandmother.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese, very little English 

Services Provided : B2B Massage inc HJ

Value for money/recommend? : 
Not for me.
Run around with false address
Fake photos
Lacklustre service.

My experience/comments :

Made contact via SMS and was told that a "New young Chinese uni girl was working"

Looks like a receptionist manages the bookings for the girls.

I was sent a photo of a girl who looked amazing. I was assured by the manager the photo is accurate.

Agreed on a time and was given an address to a block of units, unit number to be confirmed on arrival.

On arrival at the agreed time, I sent a message saying that I was there, message came back to wait a few minutes.

I kept Waiting around like an idiot for 30 minutes.  I messaged that I was leaving and received a new message with a different address (next door), their way to watch the customer.

Rocked up to the unit, old apartment block, no security access, straight to the front door, met with an old Asian woman, said her name was Honey.  Very different to the photo I was sent.
I can guarantee that the photos on their ads and sent are FAKE!!!
The women here are much older and definitely not uni students.

Room had a basic massage bench and not much else.  Was about to walk, but couldn't be bothered going elsewhere.

Paid my $60, removed my clothes and onto the bench.  Very standard nude massage back, then front and mechanical handjob.

I would say below average service, virtually no B2B

Kept saying FS $30 tips use sell which I refused.

Wiped down with tissues and a wet towel, dressed and on my way never to return!!!


Floor: #2
Post Time: 2nd April 2019, 07:02 PM
Poster ID: AussieGuy1968
Post Title: 
 Daisy -  Marrickville
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Daisy

Establishment :  Marrickville

Date of Visit : 22 March 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0433 670 289

Hours of Business : 10am to 8pm

Rates : $130 90min Massage + HE + Extras

Age : Early  20's

Size/shape : Slim, small framed, natural A Cups, great butt

Nationality or Ethnicity : Kong Kong

Services Provided : Massage with HE... Many extras on offer (more on that below)

Value for money/recommend? : Still undecided

My experience/comments : 

It's been a while since I have taken a punt (relationships offer cheaper relief) so took a punt on a new shop advertising some cuties.  

Made the appointment which proved challenging as it appears the new shop is run by a friend of Daisy's and there was some confusion over pricing... 

Arrived and found a private apartment posing as a shop and was greeted by a very cute Daisy.  Took a shower and offered a choice of bed or table for the massage.  Daisy has great skill in this department, but omg she can talk.. She is a very professional chatter and outlines her rules... no touching nipple, pussy or ass... She has great English and rambles on about clients, extras and life... Kind of a change and I just relaxed into a very competent massage.

Onto part 2, and this is where I think Daisy uses chat and time to upsell her extras.. With 10 min left, she is idly playing with the little fella, asking what extras I like, and then proceeds to kind of lose interest when I decline.

The funniest part was when she told me a client gave her $460 tip with no happy ending, just massage (her massage is good but not that good).

This shop also offers FS but be warned.. It's all a gimmick as the hour consists of 50 min massage and only 10 min FS.

Would I return... no.... much better service elsewhere


Floor: #3
Post Time: 3rd April 2019, 01:56 AM
Poster ID: sleazyryder
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Not sure that this belongs in Private Therapeutic Massage section.
Do we have a section for Bullshitters brazenly boasting of extraordinary tips and gals that plagiarise pictures from Photoshop ......???

Perhaps we should have a thread that covers that. Call it the Comedienne's Curse. The jokes on us....

A receptionist and choice of more that two girls by definition cannot be PML....
And certainly by reports far from therapeutic for the victims oops I mean guinea pigs.... who suffering financial relief and donations toward future investment in  Aussie Citizenship Sortof....


The service has offerings of Girlfriend experiences. Multiple workers. Organised from a common parlour. Establishment might be the most appropriate place to list this outfit.


SR.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 3rd April 2019, 06:57 AM
Poster ID: nextlif
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
This is a tricky one as to where to place these types of threads. Establishments section is for Reg Brothels, so thats not appropriate. This business is working from a a private house, so we prefer to post in PWL section, and treat it as several private WL's working under the one phone number. Not strictly correct, but its all we have.


