Thread Title: Hot Aussie redhead 30 - Parramatta
Floor: #1
Post Time: 10th January 2019, 10:26 AM
Poster ID: Stevegem
Post Title: 
 Hot Aussie redhead 30 - Parramatta
				
Post Content: 
No review as such, not for me trying

Mods please merge if there is another thread of hers.

Im sure this WL has been reviewed, maybe 6 or 12 months ago? for the life of me can’t find it. Quite sure she was at Waterloo at the time and thinking Id like to see her but geographically just couldnt. Now in Parramatta thought id give her a crack, was still out of my way, about 40min. With parking and walking to the hotel probably best part of an hour. But young sexy looking Caucasians at decent prices for a bbbj always has my attention

All prompt SMS contact on Sunday around lunchtime. She stated she gets booked out quickly, best to book early, for early morning or evening. So we locked in 830am the following morning – Monday.

Come about 5pm Sunday I get a text from her saying “what happened?”. She had obviously got confused with my booking and apologised, all good. I then suspected she is either a bit ditzy or just rolling out the sausage factory to really worry about such precision.

Come 630am Monday, and lil SG is rocketing along awaiting a nice sexy bbbj. I thought id best send her a text to confirm we are on for 830am. Got a message shortly later saying she is stressed, hungry, exhausted and needs sleep badly ( Think sausage factory)

She comes across as a nice WL and someone Id still like to see, so no baggage from my end. 

But if she is reading this, I urge her to slow down a bit. Also if you know you cant hold an appointment send the text out first. Im pretty easy going and go with the flow, but I imagine there are other punters out there who would flip and get quite nasty about it, which got me thinking maybe part of her being stressed out state is due to one of more of these types?

Anyone else manage to have a punt with her?




HER AD


https://sydney.locanto.com.au/ID_308...ervices-X.html

I am I hot and sexy 100% Aussie redhead bombshell that will blow your mind. Guaranteed to make you explode I am dynamite in the bed because I love what I do. I'm an energetic and kinky 10 d cup who loves anal and speciality is deepthroating and face fucking.
Available for all services from erotic massage 2 anal and domination.
Prices start from
$100 Erotic massage 45 min
$150 Erotic massage and BJ ending
$80 for BJ 
$100 BBBJ
$200 Erotic massage with happy ending (1 hour)
$170 full service (30 minutes)
$220 Anal 30 min
$400 Anal 60 min
$320 full service (60 minutes)
Fantasies by request
Domination and bondage
Roleplay
Pics and videos from 50
Extras by request.....
Text me on 0477464830 for pics or more details
						



 Attached Images


Floor: #2
Post Time: 7th March 2019, 12:29 PM
Poster ID: Stevegem
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Just a frustrating update on this one

About a month or so after my initial attempt to see her I tried again. Set up and locked an appointment for a midday time, got there and text her and no nothing ,she was based at Fiori apartments in Parra. She text me back around 4pm saying sorry and if I am still around.  Totally unreliable and unorganised. To make it even more frustrating she kept texting me over the next 3 days (probably in her quiet periods) with things like "what happened", "babe?"  lol. Obviously totally oblivious to what happened or who she is texting to

Someone on here must have seen her cause the impression im getting she can pick and choose her bookings, seems first in best dressed gets her regardless if you have a booking or not.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 7th March 2019, 01:29 PM
Poster ID: nextlif
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Bit like the proverbial needle and haystack tying to find her review with so little info to go on...I cant find anything using her current phone number. She may have been reviewed with an older number?

Some nice pics of her in this ad....https://escortify.com.au/sydney-esco...ussie-1dd-7959


Floor: #4
Post Time: 7th March 2019, 02:38 PM
Poster ID: Stevegem
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by nextlife


Bit like the proverbial needle and haystack tying to find her review with so little info to go on...I cant find anything using her current phone number. She may have been reviewed with an older number?

Some nice pics of her in this ad....https://escortify.com.au/sydney-esco...ussie-1dd-795
"""




Yeah im sure she was reviewed maybe a year back or so, but as hard as I looked as well couldn't find it. Waterloo rings a bell

Looks like her recent ad from that link posted couple of weeks back, price increases too. Nice video


Floor: #5
Post Time: 24th September 2019, 12:48 AM
Poster ID: narddog04
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Wow I’ve seen this girl, used to work in the Zetland near wolli creek. Hot young thing but looks so jaded now


