Thread Title: Hotel lobby amateur pickup - Old Sydney Holiday Inn, The Rocks - no contact number
Floor: #1
Post Time: 22nd August 2014, 11:53 AM
Poster ID: Toad
Post Title: 
 Hotel lobby amateur pickup - Old Sydney Holiday Inn, The Rocks - no contact number
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jung Jui (funny - I remember her Chinese name but not her English alternate)

Establishment : Hotel lobby / my room

Date of Visit : Aug 2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Eye contact across the lobby - hard to replicate

Hours of Business : This was mid evening

Rates : $200 hour

Age : around 30

Size/shape : 12 to 14

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese - Shanghai

Services Provided : FS

Value for money/recommend? : OK, not special

Toad had finished a hard day's work and eaten a nice steak.  Next on the agenda was email and sleep, but on entering the hotel lobby, was distracted by a wave and a smile from this cherubic face sitting alone.  Stopped and had a chat about her life and studies, and then made moves to continue my planned journey to bed.  At that point and quite directly she asked if she could join me in my room.

OK so upstairs we go and a sum of $200 is agreed for an hour of fun.  She strips off in the bathroom and showers, but also seems to be doing other things - very noisy.  Finally she emerges and helps strip me off.  I ask for a massage and throw myself on the bed - and immediately discover that she is certainly not studying any related sciences - has no idea on massage.

Throw her on the bed on her back and take a look - good tits with prominent nipples - they taste nice and seem connected - she is moaning - OK we have action.  Skate down to the nether regions to confront a full top forest with shaved lips - enough clearing done so we can land the licker with no trouble.  She is wet already and tastes good - and then she seems to gently cum.

Toad's tool seeks to explore her throat but no action is forthcoming - its not that she refuses outright but she demonstrates no real interest in eating Toad's Tool.  So with few avenues left, its on with the dom and into the caving expedition.  Her pussy, already proven to be sweet and wet, is warm and snug, and oh so pleasurable.  There doesn't seem to be a lot of experience, but plenty of enjoyment and enthusiasm.  A few minutes of varied ploughing, punctuated by minor floods from her, reaches a powerful climax for Toad's tool, and its all over.

She seemed very keen to stay the night, but this was not the right time for such, so with the hour done she was banished to the cold, dark, wet night, and Toad returned to his meek, mild, professional persona.

While definitely an amateur, I have no doubt that this girl is not new to the game - she says it is to augment her study scholarship and I have no reason to disbelieve.  Keep an eye out in your hotel lobby and you may just spot an opportunity.  My only other advice would be to negotiate a little harder than I did.  Given circumstances and what happened, I may have overpaid just a little.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 22nd August 2014, 12:31 PM
Poster ID: exmelpunter
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Toad, you're in Sydney. You should have pm me. I'm out with another debauched fellow from these pages tonight, review no doubt will follow. You could have joined in


Floor: #3
Post Time: 22nd August 2014, 01:17 PM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thank you for your review Toad.

Just in case members want to exercise their OODA ability (OODA loop - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia, not to mention their negotiation skills), was this the Old Sydney Holiday Inn in the rocks ?

You did pretty well I'd say.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 22nd August 2014, 02:11 PM
Poster ID: WOTAN01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Always need to be careful that your wallet and valuables are hidden too, otherwise could cost more thatn the negotiated price.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 22nd August 2014, 02:17 PM
Poster ID: LUNGOR
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by WOTAN010


Always need to be careful that your wallet and valuables are hidden too, otherwise could cost more thatn the negotiated price
"""



Good advice !!


Floor: #6
Post Time: 22nd August 2014, 02:19 PM
Poster ID: LUNGOR
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
From the service described, I think $200/hr is a good deal for both parties, if there are enjoyable BBBJ portion then it would be perfect, right ?? then again, it was the convenience, she was there, no waiting and you can see the product, why not, especially when it was wet and cold outside.............lol

A size 12/14, so she should be quite busty, put it this way, if it was me, no one smaller than a D/E will be allowed into my hotel room..............haha


Floor: #7
Post Time: 23rd August 2014, 07:21 PM
Poster ID: Toad
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Fellow mongors,

Thanks for the invitation Exmel - it was a flying visit and another one coming this week, but already fully booked.  Perhaps another time.

Yes, it was the Holiday Inn at The Rocks.

Yes, as any wise punter does, security precautions were taken.  That's why we encourage visitors to use the bathroom!

Finally, for Lungor, yes, they were a handy handful - a good D.  She had them tightly wrapped in her street gear but once they were released, they seemed to grow before my eyes.


Floor: #8
Post Time: 23rd August 2014, 08:38 PM
Poster ID: Flyboy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Very nicely done! I've had similar experiences in several hotels overseas but none in Australia, although I rarely stay in Aussie hotels. But it's good to see there is a bit of a market here. 

Interesting location she has chosen as well. The Rocks would not be where I would think - I'd have suspected it would be more for tourists, and those mainly being couples or groups, but I suppose there are some Aussies and businessmen-types who she can hit up, and clearly that's worth it. I'd have thought her type would be more in the CBD, The Hilton or The Westin for example, but maybe those places are too busy or 'policed' more by the hotel staff.

In my overseas travels, having connected with and picked up the odd (well, not too odd) lady this way - most memorably, an amazing Asian one at a Hong Kong hotel perhaps a decade ago, which I wrote up on another long-since-closed forum – some of them stake out a single hotel that's very well chosen for the clientele as well as how easy it is for them to 'connect' with prospective customers (some lobbies are better than others for this), while other WLs tend to hop from hotel to hotel depending on the action.

Either way, great report and thanks for sharing!


