Floor: #1
Post Time: 17th September 2018, 09:54 AM
Poster ID: jayz0071
Post Title: 
 https://sydney.locanto.com.au/ID_2491643041/Sexy-sweet-girl.html
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Yaya

Establishment : Private , Epping

Date of Visit : Early Sept

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :  https://sydney.locanto.com.au/ID_249...weet-girl.html

Phone : 0435949851

Hours of Business : Not sure

Rates : $160 45 mins

Age : Mid 20s

Size/shape : Slim, Curvy, Juicy Ass

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : FS, Catbath, BBBJ (Extra $50 and YMMV)

Value for money/recommend? : OK

My experience/comments : 

I saw your YaYa while back when she was working at 185.  I remember distinctly that she had a nice tanned body with a juicy ass, trim,ed pussy which btw she loves getting sucked and licked. She still looks stunning.

She disappeared from 185 and apparently she was all the way up at Crows Nest and I never had a chance to visit her so I figured she may have just gone back home.. However,  to my surprise, she opens the door and we immediately recognized each other and had a good laugh.

I quickly shower and a comeback for some cuddles before she gives me a nice cat bath all over. She doesn't normally provide natural suck but I thought I might ask just in case things have changed. She agreed for BBBJ for an extra pineapple, after which followed a very nice bbbj a technique but not fantastic. Nice and wet but not so deep. There is a nice mirror next to the bed which provides plenty of Kodak moments as her head is bobbing up and down my cock, and we switch to 69 so we can devour each other.  I decided it's time to let her relax and enjoy some daty, so I get her to lay back on her stomach while I give her a nice cat bath along her back as I travel slowly towards her crevice of wetness. I spread her ass cheeks apart and give her a nice tease with my tongue along arise crack to which she giggles and moans. I alternate between ass and pussy and soon enough I'm struggling to breath as she pushes her ass and mouth all over my face. I do my best to breath with my nose or mouth whenever I can, as my licking and sucking and swallowing her juices. I get her to lie on her back and slowly insert my index finger knuckles deep into her wet inviting pussy, while making sure I give  her a very clit licking service before she starts trembling and shaking and clenching my head between her gorgeous thick thighs I comes back up for some air and  she enthusiastically begins to suck on my cock before we apply the dom and start fuckjing.. 
She climbs on top and starts riding thrusting her hips back and forth. We switch to missionary with her knees touching her titties, my cock stretches her pussy deep as she watches my cock pumping away furiously. Soon enough I finish explosively.. 

WIR? Probably, however felt she was a little reserved even though the services provided ticked all the boxes.  It felt a little mechanical and wish there was more communication.


