Thread Title: Hunter Hines - Haymarket, NSW - 0420 429 321
Floor: #1
Post Time: 11th October 2018, 05:30 PM
Poster ID: Mrotch9339
Post Title: 
 Hunter Hines - Haymarket, NSW - 0420 429 321
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Hunter Hines

Establishment : Private apartment in Haymarket, not far from Market City.

Date of Visit : 01/10/2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.escortsandbabes.com.au/P.../Hunter_Hines/

Phone :0420 429 321

Hours of Business : 10 AM - Late, according to her ad.

Rates : $250 half hr, $450 for thr hour, GFE

Age : Ad says 21, but visually I'd say around late 20s/early 30s.

Size/shape : Tall, about 5'7. I'd say fit with curves in the right places.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : She offers a bunch of extras on top of the standard GFE and PSE, but I only went for the GFE.

Value for money/recommend? : Honestly, not really.

My experience/comments : 

Right so I've have a few experiences with asian escorts before, so I was keen to have a go at an Australian/Caucasian escort for once. I found her ad on EnB, and thought she looked attractive enough from her pictures, so I texted her and we set up a meeting fairly quickly.

Made my way to her private apartment which is located in the middle of Haymarket, and I was feeling pretty nervous. Now, her photos had been verified so I thought I wouldn't have to worry about being disappointed. She opened the door revealing someone who has somewhat of a resemblance to the person in the pictures, albeit with the addition of a few tattoos. Don't get me wrong, overall she was pretty attractive and if I didn't have the expectation of meeting the person in her pictures, I would have probably been more than happy. But yeah, not quite.

I decided to go through with it anyway. She led me to a room with an ensuite where I paid and had a shower. Toilet was decently clean, but I noticed there were unflushed tissues. During this time she was off in some other part of the apartment, watching TV or something. So I finished the shower, she came back in and we both lay down on the bed. Cuddled a bit and had a chat, then we started kissing. She's a pretty good kisser, if only she didn't smell slightly of cigarette smoke.

Proceeded with a blowjob, then sex, with the whole process feeling kind of... mechanical? Like going through the motions. Anyway, BJ and sex was decent, not the best, but I was pretty horny and I enjoyed it 

Showered, hugged, left. All in all, the experience was okay, and definitely far from the worst I've had, but I feel she charges a bit too much and didn't really deliver on what was promised.


