Thread Title: Inara Fyre - Sydney (CBD) - inarafyre94@gmail.com
Floor: #1
Post Time: 17th November 2014, 11:59 AM
Poster ID: Poser
Post Title: 
 Inara Fyre - Sydney (CBD) - inarafyre94@gmail.com
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Inara Fyre

Establishment : Private - outcall

Date of Visit : 11/11/2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Locanto Ad: http://sydney.locanto.com.au/ID_3436...ourtesan.html; she also has her own website: Inara Fyre | Inara Fyre Independent Courtesan In Sydney 

Rates :  $300/hr

Age : Early 20's

Size/shape : DD - E cups, athletic shaped size 10 (i think)

Nationality or Ethnicity : Indian

Services Provided : Full Service, BBBJ (depends on the person), GFE

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments :

Saw her ad on Locanto and after googling her gmail, manage to locate her webpage. Bookings are done through email and initially, I wasn't too keen on this as some of them do not respond or your email get spammed. However, since I would be in staying in Sydney for work and some conference (all on the company's dime), I decided to bit the dust and book her. She responded relatively quickly and was straight to the point. After a few emails, arranged to see her for after work for three hours. 

As I was staying in a fairly up market hotel, I decided to meet her in the hotel lobby and get to know her over drinks. She arrived promptly on time and dressed for discretion and for the weather (it was pushing 36 degrees). She looked above average, carried herself well and nice busts. IF anyone was looking, they would have thought I was meeting my girlfriend. After playing get to know you (she's a great talker and we built a good rapport) and a couple of mojitos and pina coladas, we retired to my room and got the financials part out of the way. I suggested that we shower together and she agreed. While she sorted herself out, I put on some Lionel Richie/ Barry White 

Since a report on a 3 hour liaison would be too long, I'll give you guys a brief summary. 

We started off with showering together and started making out. We both made sure each other was clean and it wasn't long before she was on her knees, giving me BJ. WAnting to return the favour, I got her to stand up and went down on her. She was shaved and soon she had my heads in her hands with my tongue fucking her - it wasn't long before she was shuddering. Dried off and continued on the bed. There was a lot of caressing, kissing and it wasn't long before we were getting to the down and dirty. My little man was very happy chappy and between bouts of play, we chatted, snuggled and caressed each other's body. 

Overall a good experience. Her service is more of a girlfriend type experience and she is very friendly and easy going person. She isn't the type who you'll 'throw down and do the jackhammer' on her. She's demure and the sort of girl you'll treat as if she's your girlfriend. Despite being indian, she totally speaks with an Australian accent which was a novelty in that most indians I met speak with some kind of accent. My ratings are:

Looks - nice and good, but not stunning
Service - GFE type, quite good and you forget that you're seeing a WL
Personality - GFE, demure and engaging

I would definitely see her again when I'm in town on the company's dime and will book her for longer.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 17th November 2014, 02:20 PM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
The Locanto ad,





			
				 20 year old Intelligent, Busty Elite Courtesan - 20

Gentlemen I'm Inara Fyre and 20 year old student and Escort based here in Sydney and available to cater to your craving for pleasure and decadent indulgence.

Standing a statuesque 5'10 with a toned size 10 body and a buxom E cup bustline, I exude grace, class and elegance.

I pride myself on being what it is you want me to be, and deliver a service that seeks to stimulate your mind and spirit, not just your body. My pleasure, quite honestly, is knowing I have brought pleasure to you.

My rates are

60 mins - $300
180 mins - $650

This involves a very inclusive Girlfriend Experience, with a lot of attention on you.

And I am available for overnight liaisons for $1000. This is a 14 hour visit and I do need 8 hours sleep during the time. But it's sleep beside you, waking up beside you.

And don't forget to ask about a double with my beautiful blonde friend from Uni if you're after an extra ....... little bit of fun!

I do require at least 5 hours notice to make an appointment with you, and prefer to arrange my trysts via email. I'm available most days, but just ask about the day and time you want to enjoy me. Don't forget to make your bookings now to avoid being disappointed, my diary fills up very quickly.

If you seek to know more, please, email me or take a look at my website Inara Fyre | Nudity and Adult Content warning about Entering inarafyresydney.gfefiles.com

I don't make bookings via Locanto messages, so do please email me directly if you aren't using the booking form on my site. inarafyre94 at gmail dot com

See you soon, you ....... man xx


Floor: #3
Post Time: 18th November 2014, 07:04 AM
Poster ID: Bob64
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
great review poser, too bad she is only outcall


Floor: #4
Post Time: 19th November 2014, 12:25 PM
Poster ID: aussie11222
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
im more interested in the blonde friend from uni lol anyone got any details of the friend?


Floor: #5
Post Time: 20th November 2014, 07:31 PM
Poster ID: Fuzzynuts
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Yeah, more info on the blonde friend please


Floor: #6
Post Time: 21st November 2014, 05:38 PM
Poster ID: ozreview1970
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Shame about the outcall only..


