Thread Title: Ivy - Newcastle - 0481 208 391
Floor: #1
Post Time: 1st June 2020, 01:50 PM
Poster ID: Persepolis
Post Title: 
 Ivy - Newcastle - 0481 208 391
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Ivy

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : Saturday 30 May

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.escortsandbabes.com.au/P...dent/OliviaXx/

Phone : 0481208391 

Hours of Business : 1 pm - 12 am

Rates : 30 min 150$45 min 200$
60 min 250$

Age : 22

Size/shape : Size 6 petit

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : FS

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : Locanto in Newcastle is just one bait and switch advert. after another. I had given up on using it as part of my punting process. Even when the lady was half-decent, I felt cheated and conned. Escorts and Babes is sometimes not much better. Ivy's advert had been on E & B for some days before she was due in Newcastle. I saw that she was in Sydney so I assumed that there was some legitimacy to her post. When I rang, I spoke Thai (I can speak a little) to check that she was Thai and not PRC (which is usually the case). Everything seemed above board. She was staying in some apartments on Hunter St., I had seen many others there.
On opening the door a tiny petit Thai lady stood in front of me. She wore a pink pleated micro skirt and a white abbreviated top, exactly as in her photos. Ivy is not an absolutely head turning stunning Thai lady but she is pretty and pleasing on the eye.
She welcomed me with a smile pulled me forward and softly kissed me. How good was this? She then proceeded to undress me, right down to removing my shoes and socks. When she pulled my underpants down I pulled her close and my, by now hard cock, pressed up against her tiny stomach. We hugged, embraced and kissed. She softly forced her tongue into my mouth. All my fears of a dud punt evaporated with the passion being created.
Ivy took me into the shower where she proceeded to wash me all over with special attention to the erogenous region. My brain was cluttered with prurient thoughts.
It was then onto the bed where there was more kissing and she encouraged me to enjoy the soft firmness of her C cups. This was certainly a girlfriend experience.
I went down to Ivy's shaved pussy and feasted on her sweet oyster. It was then time for rimming. I was enjoying myself. 
Ivy is a dainty pearl white Thai princess. She soon took me in her mouth and put Mr Hoover into second place. She pulled and sucked. I was tempted to lie back and wait for the inevitable explosion. But then I wanted so badly to fuck her. On with the plastic wrap.
Firstly it was cowgirl, then doggie and finally mission. She eagerly participated. At times we kissed passionately as my rhythmic movements brought great feelings of arousal. I finally came and collapsed next to her. I rested while she attended to the clean-up like an intensive care nurse.
I am not sure if that was the best punt that I have ever had, but it would certainly be up there on the podium.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 3rd June 2020, 05:30 PM
Poster ID: Ondoyz
Post Title: 
 Ivy-haymarket
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Ivy

Establishment : Independent escort

Date of Visit : may 2020

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0481208391

Phone : 0481208391

Hours of Business : 10-late

Rates : $150 30min

Age :  25

Size/shape :  D cup

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian

Services Provided : Full service

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : Contact her via sms and agree to meet at cap***l hotel.. come there and met her.. quite beautiful girl and she welcome me with a lingerie.. after short introduction she invited me to shower together
After that we talked a bit at bed while she playing with my thing.. and after that she bbbj me.. it's so good that after 10min i'm gonna come.. and i told her to stop.. but she said i can come twice so she said not to worry and i just came after that..
And she massage me for a while and we begin for round 2.. he bbbj me again and she put a condom and put mine to her vagina.. she start to thrust her hips faster and faster.. it was lasting long.. and i cum again.. after that we showered again and we said goodbye


