Thread Title: Ivy Lee - Sydney CBD - 0434 164 081
Floor: #1
Post Time: 26th October 2016, 02:50 PM
Poster ID: -CM-
Post Title: 
 Ivy Lee - Sydney CBD - 0434 164 081
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Ivy Lee

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 22/9/16

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0434 164 081 Ivy Lee Private Sydney Escort

Hours of Business : See ad

Rates : $500 (1 hour)

Age : Early 20s

Size/shape : Petite

Nationality or Ethnicity : Caucasian

Services Provided : DFK, BBBJ, Full Service

Value for money/recommend? : Yes, if her rates aren't an issue

My experience/comments :

Almost straight after entering her apartment, she's making out with me.  No sitting down and having a chat first going on here, guys! She got  straight into it, and as an introvert, I couldn't have been more  delighted. We proceeded straight to the bedroom and continued to make  out with one another, and then eventually stripping each other of the  clothes that were now obsolete. I was thankful for this because even  though things had barely gotten underway, because I was wearing jeans,  wearing clothing was starting to get quite hard.

Once my pants were off, in shorter time than it would've taken to say  "Suck my cock", Ivy does just that. She was off to a great start, and  then told me to lie down. Being the selfish prick that I am, I wasn't  about to complain about lying back while someone else goes to work. She  continues where she left off and I couldn't help but find my hand  wandering around her pussy and ass. All of a sudden, it occurred to me  that I needed her finely-shaped behind in my face while she sucked me  off.

With Ivy's pretty pussy and ass in my face, I had no choice but to dine  on the sweet delicacy presented to me. As always, I played a game of  "Find the Sweet Spot". We both had fun with this, but once I did find  the sweet spot, that's when things really got fun. How do I know that I  found Ivy's sweet spot? I could taste it! The combination of her sweet  excretion and her oral skills was so great, I was very close to giving  her an excretion of my own. Suffice to say, Ivy's mastery of the 20,000  nerve endings of the male anatomy was absolutely intoxicating!

The really fun part would begin after a brief moment taking everything  in. Alternating the pace all throughout because I'm such a big tease,  Ivy sounded like she was enjoying herself. Each different position was  fantastic for its own reasons, and at some points we were even  overlooking the water. Of course though, my view from behind Ivy was the  best. 

Speaking of from behind Ivy, the end of round one would come as a result  of reverse cowgirl. My view couldn't have been more perfect with Ivy  bouncing up and down on my cock while I could see her pussy wrapped  right around it. Her body was just so perfect. If I was a selfish lover,  this would've been the perfect position to start with!

Ivy may have drained me of some of my magical essence, but I was not  broken. After a short water break, and once I was less "sensitive", we  got straight into round two. While I wasn't able to "fire off" a second  time, it wasn't from a lack of effort on Ivy's part. Her fondling my  balls while I was on top of her was rather thoughtful of her, and she  even tried her best with another round of reverse cowgirl, but time was  out and it just wasn't meant to be.

I made my way into The Shower of Reincarnation and came out a new man as  a result of the hour I spent with the tiny, adorable redheaded Ivy. The  hour went perfectly from start to finish. Unfortunately I did have to  leave, but between you and I, I think of it not as "goodbye", but more  along the lines of a "see you next time." Why? Because she's worth  seeing again, and in the case of those of you who haven't had the  pleasure and have an appreciation for the smaller ladies, worth seeing  for the first time. If you don't trust me, then that's fine as well  because that means there's more Miss Ivy Lee for me!


