Thread Title: Ivy - Penrith - 0401 535 447
Floor: #1
Post Time: 1st November 2018, 01:17 AM
Poster ID: chandlerp
Post Title: 
 Ivy - Penrith - 0401 535 447
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Ivy

Establishment : Private Hotel Room

Date of Visit : 31 October 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://sydney.locanto.com.au/ID_306...ASURE-YOU.html

Phone : 0401535447

Hours of Business : Varies

Rates : $280 per hour, BBBJ + $50

Age : 22

Size/shape : Plump (in a delicious way)

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : FS

Value for money/recommend? : Nope

My experience/comments : A medical issue due to a complication with medication I was taking for a Defence Force injury has kept me out of the punting game for the past 12 months unfortunately. 

Thankfully with that behind me, I decided to see someone tonight, and not wanting to drive all the way into the city decided to look for someone close by in the West. 

A few girls on locanto posted from the same account, so I was dubious from the getgo, however Ivy responded very quickly and was very friendly in her texts, so I organised to see her and off I went. 

This particular night she was staying in a motel not close to a certain bridge that was just recently opened out West.

Got to the room and had a quick shower, when I got out she let me know we had to go to the room next door (connected by a door within the room) because only one room opened up to the outside. 

So first punter went in, showered, moved to next room, other working lady then switched to the room with the shower for the next punter. 

There were actually three girls there all up, and the room we moved to had three single beds all lined up next to each other, wasn't the greatest.

Immediately she says one of her friends can join us for the last half hour for $180. She probably repeated this 7-10 times throughout the booking, it got annoying real fast as the friend wasn't the best. 

We both get naked, I start to suck on her nice natural and big tits.. only to find out that sucking is too painful. 

We kiss some more and I move my hand down her body to finger her.. only to find out that she doesn't like to be fingered, rubbing on the outside only.. only to find out you can only do that really slow because it's too painful. 

So I moved down to try and go down on her as she has a deliciously tight pussy.. only to find she clamps her legs up and doesn't really let you do that either. 

She then lays it on me that BBBJ is an extra $50 - never mentioned previously when I asked if she does it. Begrudgingly pay it and she proceeds to give a 1/8th assed effort. 

Sucked the tip over and over again, light spitting and rubbing it all over, rinse and repeat. 

Asked her if she licked the balls "I love doing that"... only to find out it means the very tip touches for 0.05 seconds and that's it. 

Asked for the condom because by this stage I just wanted to pound away and get out. 

Only to find I couldn't get it in. A mixture of being thick and her extremely tight pussy, plus her absolutely annoying way she refused to manouvre herself to allow access. 

No doggy, she doesn't like that. 

No this no that position, she doesn't like that. Missionary only. 

After a while I said in my mind F this - because I really could not get it inside. She kept putting her ass right against the bed and not lifting up a little to make it easy to slide in. 

She frustrated me to no end. 

She ended up saying she'll let me cum in her mouth to make up for it. 

So I blew a loud in her mouth, had to walk next door past the other two working ladies and left. 

She's a cute girl, with a body I found absolutely delicious. Her pussy is perfect. It's just a shame she refuses to let you do anything with it. 

I'd avoid if someone asked me, because it's an expensive way to have what was essentially a blow and go service... Not happy in hindsight. Horrible punt to return to after a year off.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 1st November 2018, 07:30 AM
Poster ID: sanjay69r
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Sorry you had a rough experience mate. Thank you for your service though


