Thread Title: Ivy - Sydney (CBD) - 0412 550 588
Floor: #1
Post Time: 1st February 2012, 04:30 PM
Poster ID: Bracket
Post Title: 
 Ivy - Sydney (CBD) - 0412 550 588
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Ivy

Establishment : private apartment near Town Hall

Date of Visit : January 2012

Contact Details : 0412 550 588

Rates : $180/30 $250/60

Age : 30

Size/shape : Slim, size6, B-cups, 165cm

Nationality or Ethnicity : Singapore Chinese

Services Provided : shower with you, kissing, cat bath, daty, bbbj, fs, massage

Value for money/recommend? : if English is important to you then no, otherwise acceptable.

Ivy advertises in Cracker thusly :
Hello there, 
Allow me to introduce myself my name is Ivy, originally from Singapore. I am 26 years old with long silky hair and I have a natural coffee coloured skin. I am 5'5" in height with a size 6 - 8. I also have a curvy smokiandng hot body. 
I am like a playful puppy, love to tease and play with you using my culinary skills. I am a fun loving chick, down to earth and very easy to get along with. 
I would describe my service as a GFE experience and I offer a very sexy and sensual full service. I love to take my time while I am getting to know someone because I am not one of those clock watching girls who just take your money and run so I will ensure your experience is as enjoyable as possible. 
$180 for 30mins 
$250 for 1hr 
Please call or text for longer or overnight booking. 0412 550 588
Blocked/Private Numbers Ignored. 
Each day I am available from 11am onward till late...don't hesitate to call..you'll be surprise if I happen to be awake and who knows what's next??? 

Ivy is another in the stable of girls operating from an apartment near the corner of Bathurst and Sussex Streets and advertising in Cracker.  The ads are typically worded similarly to the one above and their pricing is typically $250/60.  They all advertise different mobile numbers, but all are answered by the same Aussie-accented girl who arranges everything and tends to let you believe that you're speaking to the actual girl unless you dig a bit deeper.  From what I've seen, the WLs themselves have poor English.  I've already posted recently on two other of these girls, Nana and Honey, which is another story entirely!

The WLs come in only for appointments, so there's no rocking up on spec as with Tokyo Cats.  I think there will only ever be one lady there at a time, apart possibly from the booking lady.

This day I was let in by the booking lady, although she is not always there and you may be let in by the WL herself.  She immediately introduced me to Ivy, whose looks and figure were quite acceptable, and then disappeared.  Ivy and I went into the bedroom where she gave me a big kiss and offered me a shower which I accepted after handing over payment for an hour.

Straight into the shower where Ivy joined me and gave me a good cleaning.   She has nice smooth olive skin all over, with no tanlines at all.  I then sit down on the edge of the bed and have a nibble on her B-cups after which she offers me a body massage, which rapidly turns into a cat bath and bbbj.  Her service is very enthusiastic, albeit seeming somewhat choreographed.  But when I'm getting my cock sucked who am I to complain?  She does quite a nice job on my shaft and balls as well as the knob, so I'm pretty happy with the bbbj.  However she does seem to have an obsessive fixation on keeping my dick clean, constantly wiping it with tissues. 

I'm lying on a bed with mirrored wardrobes to one side, but since Ivy is servicing me from the other side I can't see both images at the same time.  So I suggest to Ivy that she shifts her body over to the mirror side so that I'll be able to get a nice view of her rear in the mirror at the same time as watching her suck my cock.  Her English isn't that good and somehow my request becomes interpreted as a request for 69, which she happily obliges.  And once again, who am I to complain?  So while she continues polishing my knob I start exploring her hidden regions with my tongue.  There seems to be no objection to sticking my tongue into her pussy and arsehole.

Then it's time for Ivy to turn over onto her back and although she's happy with my lingual ministrations she stops me from proceeding digitally  , somewhat of a disappointment.  So I crawl forwards over her body and stick my dick in front of her mouth which she lunges forward to accept and there's a short face-fucking session.   She then decides to jump up and go outside briefly before returning with a new box of tissues.  I wonder how much she spends on them each week!

Now it's time to fuck.  Ivy puts on the 'dom and we go through multiple positions - cowgirl, reverse cowgirl, lap dance, reverse lap dance, doggy.  In doggy I'm tempted to insert the digit but again she won't let me past her sphincter  , so I'm happy to play with the outside of her arsehole instead.

Finally it's time for mish to get me over the line.  I feel that the load I'm shooting isn't that large, so to enhance things I spread my legs to straddle Ivy's and close them.  The extra tightness certainly does its job and I feel a much stronger gush.

To finish off the session Ivy offers me a massage, which I'm happy to accept.  It's not too bad and whiles away 10 minutes.  She then suggests a shower, but this time it's on our ownsomes.  As I step out the door I notice that just over 45 minutes have elapsed since I entered.  I'm sure the time spent would have been longer had Ivy's English been better and we could have conversed.  I may return if I'm in urgent need of a bbbj!


Floor: #2
Post Time: 1st February 2012, 07:58 PM
Poster ID: FriarFuck
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thx for the review. Pretty sure there must be better options in town but someone has to take one for the team. At least you got a bbbj.


