Thread Title: Jacky - Chatswood - 0415 503 664
Floor: #1
Post Time: 26th April 2012, 09:37 PM
Poster ID: bigbob
Post Title: 
 Jacky - Chatswood - 0415 503 664
				
Post Content: 
And as promised, there is more.. maybe i should be setting up a new thread... not sure... sorry...

So keeping an eye on cracker like i do, i have noticed a couple of other girls working in chatswood, who's cracker adds (and expecially the rates) seem v similar to Tiffany. One such add was for Jacky -  

NEW IN SYDNEY!!!$$100$$ 34DD BOOBS, YOUNG AND FIRM, MY ALL REAL PICS SPEAK FOR THEMSELVES!!****

Thanks for taking the time to read my profile, well my name is Jacky Iam of a exotic Laos background in my early twenties and have a body to die for. My skin is so smooth and firm from my georgous face to my toes. I have long natural brown hair and dark eyes. Im 165cm and my body is a luscious and curvy size eight with big 34DD boobs. 

I will be able to offer a great girlfriend experence or I could be that pornstar that you always dreamed about, whatever you desire I may provide ;0 

I can offer a erotic massage from $100 for 30min and $150 for 60min. I can also offer a f/s from $150 for 30min, $200 for 45min and $250 for 60min. 

I will be in Sydney for a short time only and booking will be essential. I will be staying in Chatswood and entry is extremely private for all you disconcerning gentlemen. 

Look forward to meeting you. xxx 


pics looked pretty good so i went to see her today. as i suspected, same apartment, and same girl (agent) let me in. Jacky wasnt the prettiest, not a stunner but def not bad. And she has a killer body, v nice bolt ons. again i went for the 150 option. dfk, and undressing each other, then down onto the bed, hj and fingering and soon the dom was on. No offer of extras with Jacky, but i wasn't after anything else. she got straight on with a cbj for a few mins - she sure knows what she's doing. then she asked what position i wanted. we got through a few, oh my god! i had to just stop because it was going to happen a bit too quick. after a minute so i could calm down i suggested she got on top. i cant have lasted more than a couple more mins of this. oh my god - this girl f*cked my brains out. have never experienced anything like it. we must have had a good 10 mins to spare and she gave me a v relaxing massage.

jacky is in syd for another week or two, then back to melb. should ahve asked how to get involved down there. anyway - she said she'd be back.

jacky is def worth a visit, i will be going back for more without a doubt.

BB


Floor: #2
Post Time: 27th April 2012, 01:24 AM
Poster ID: BadAussieBoy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by bigbob


And as promised, there is more.. maybe i should be setting up a new thread... not sure... sorry..
"""



Thanks for the reviews bigbob - much appreciated. Yep, 2 different ladies so I have given them seperate threads. If you can help us out by including the phone numbers next time, in case the Cracker ads expire and they can't be found, we would be most grateful.

Thanks again,

BAB


Floor: #3
Post Time: 3rd May 2012, 09:42 PM
Poster ID: Davidw2
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Jackie

 Location: Chatswood

 Date of Visit: 3 May 2012

 Contact Details/Address/Weblink: 0415503664 (different number but I am sure it is the same girl)


Hours of Business: Tuesday 10am - 11pm

 Rates: FS $250 per hr 

Age: mid 20's 

Size/shape:great toned body,  firm DD tits, shaved pussy

 Nationality or Ethnicity: Thai Australian

 Services Provided:FS CBJ DATY

 Value for money/recommend?:  Yes

 My experience/comments: 

The cracker advert says: Delishiously Devious Sex Kitten In Town To Play With***Young,DD Boobs, Firm Butt and she is really like that. Turns out her name is Jackie (no name in Cracker ad)  and in Chatswood not Artarmon. Bigbobs review so closely matches my experience it has to be the same girl. Her boss greeted me at the door (she looked pretty good and responded to my comments with the girl is in the bedroom) - always worth a try!! Jackie was a bit nervous and after a shower we did some cuddling and light kissing - she does not do DFK- and after playing with her quite large nipples on great firm breasts I started on DATY which she didn't respond to initially but when she did really got off grinding my face between her hips - fantastic. We then turned around and started 69 - Jackie does a pretty good CBJ but I was getting excited and we moved into reverse cowgirl , cowgirl then doggie - that was it it for me and I came - she can really fuck and enjoys it. We lay and chatted with more touching , cuddling etc - She is based in Melbourne and this was her first visit to Sydney but she intends to return. The phone number is used by the business so different girls different weeks etc . Apartment is great - very secure and discreet
I will see her when she comes back to Sydney


