Floor: #1
Post Time: 18th January 2016, 08:43 PM
Poster ID: Mogreen
Post Title: 
 Jacky - Rockdale / Carlingford - 0402 119 328
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jacky

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 06 Jan

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Excellent service busty girl 150 per hour - Sydney escorts - cracker.com.au Ph 0402119328

Hours of Business : 24 hours by appointment

Rates : 150/hr

Age : 20

Size/shape : Busty

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : CBJ,DFK,DATY

Value for money/recommend? : Yes if you like bit chubby ones

My experience/comments : Decided to give it a go after seeing the ad. Nice and accessible place near the station in rockdale. Went in and its actually a share house and there are i think 2 girls there. Saw her and should say, she has a really pretty face. Paid for the hour and had the shower alone. 

Started off with a kiss and she started off with grabbing my balls and playing with them. Got naked and jumped into bed. Quite okay with the kiss and put the dom on before giving a better than average CBJ. Had to stop her in between and started my DATY. She is really responsive and especially if  you use a finger also for help it turns into an ocean  

Finished off in a missionary with her legs on my shoulders. Laid there for some time and she was right at it again. 

Was a happy punter.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 19th January 2016, 11:28 AM
Poster ID: mikey73
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Her other ads are a transexual nature.....Hello ..


Floor: #3
Post Time: 19th January 2016, 02:13 PM
Poster ID: reggid
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
So a pimp can't have a both a girl and trans working for them ?


Floor: #4
Post Time: 19th January 2016, 03:05 PM
Poster ID: nextlif
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Remember this is a review thread chaps...we are getting off topic here....


Floor: #5
Post Time: 6th February 2016, 08:51 AM
Poster ID: maugoat
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Jackie

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 21 Jan 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Excellent service busty girl 150 per hour - Sydney escorts - cracker.com.au Ph 0402119328

Hours of Business : by appointment – I saw her near 11am

Rates : 150/hr

Age : 22

Size/shape : Busty, solid build but very firm young body

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : BBBJ, DATY, GFE

Value for money/recommend? : Yes /Yes

My experience/comments:

Seeing the good review I checked the link and liked what I saw. I rang and asked if the photo was her and she said yes. She works out of an old apartment building close to Rockdale station and parking was easier than I expected. The flat seems to be furnished as a uni student would with PC, clothes, books packed onto a student desk etc and a mattress on the floor. Jackie said she doesn’t live there but uses it when she can. She even removed the doona for our session.

I took the hour booking after I went in for a test kiss to see what she regards as “passionate”. It was good but got better when I warmed her up. Also she was OK to have a shared shower during the session.

Financials done, we embraced for a kissing and clothed groping session Jackie is a firm bodied size 10-12 and her lips are soft and full. She closes her eyes when she gets into it and let me so as I pleased. When we were finally naked I massaged her body to explore every crevice then it was off for a shower.

The shower is an old style bath with a shower over and not much room to turn around but we soaped each other up and after rinsing and more kissing she moved down to lick and suck my balls but then to my surprised she opened those soft lips to take in my hard cock for some warm BBBJ action.

Back to the mattress, I laid her down on her stomach and felt her firm body. Then I got her onto her knees and got behind to lick her pussy and rim her. She seemed to enjoy it all. Then I flipped her over to reveal her shaved pussy. Her groin & flaps are quite dark coloured. She enjoyed the tongue action but as was mentioned in the first review, she likes a finger in there to add to the stimulation. Her head pushed back into the pillow and her eyes remain closed.

We alternated between passionate kissing and daty. The experience really was a GFE. She enjoyed it as much as me.

Then I put her on top cowgirl style but she came forward to put her breasts on my chest and kissed more. I could feel my cock rubbing her pussy lips so pushed it up to massage her open flaps and clitoris. Her breathing was heavy and she pushed back such that I was partly in her. So it was time to dom up so I could fully enter her safely.

Doggy followed and then back to cowgirl and finally missionary which is my favorite finishing position for passionate WL’s.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 20th February 2016, 11:05 PM
Poster ID: urmuda77
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : jackie

Establishment : private apartment in rockdale

Date of Visit : yesterday 

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : as above

Hours of Business : as above

Rates : 120 half hr 150 per hour

Age : 20s

Size/shape : bbw

Nationality or Ethnicity : thai

Services Provided : cbj fs

Value for money/recommend? : imho not really

My experience/comments :

After reading great reviews of this lady i booked her for an hour yesterday (seeing such a similar price i thought why not?) Went to rockdale and went to her apartment after getting her address. She is in a unit and she just has a mattress on the floor. Was asked to shower in the less the average bathroom and then joined her in the room. Upon first seeing her she wasnt too bad looking. Went straight to a cbj which wasnt too bad. I asked if she kisses as i read previously and she said she was sick (ive had bad experiences before where girls say this to get out of doing things with you) she then lay down as i went on top. Nothing special but wasnt too ling before i blew. As i was on top i also smelt a bad smell wafting from her pussywhich was pretty bad. Maybe cos i was going hard and fast.

Had a bit of a chat. She said she was studying here on a visa from thailand. After a bit more chatting asked if we can go again and she wacked a dom on and jumped on top. Having already blown i went all out. After some cowgirl she wanted doggy. Again i smashed the shit out of her but my leg started cramping after a while. Back to mish again where i unloaded a 2nd time.

By now not even a half hour had passed and i wasnt prepared to stay longer. Overall wasnt the greatest experience as i prefer a gfe and i was going to go to TP64 but most of the girls there are on drugs so i thought id try something different. Wont be returning unfortunately


Floor: #7
Post Time: 30th November 2016, 03:45 PM
Poster ID: BrianB
Post Title: 
 Jackie-Mini Thai BBW Carlingford NSW
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jackie but real Thai name ending in Porn!

Establishment : Private Carlingford/North Rocks 

Date of Visit : Late November 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0402 119 328 and 0401 944 692 Hi I'm Jackie big boob cup E Girlfriend experience and sex it my life - Sydney escorts - cracker.com.au

Hours of Business : Variable, starting late morning

Rates : $160/hr

Age : 22

Size/shape : Mini BBW size 14  Height1.53m  Ecup big brown butt, firm plump body.  Face pleasant and round.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : FS/ Massage

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : Today's lust was for a big, round brown arse.  Mission accomplished.   Jackie is a student, working out of a shared house in North Rocks Road.  She will SMS the number when you are close.  (It is on the West side of Pennant Hills Road.)  North Rocks road is busy, but the house has plenty of parking out front.
She is fairly quiet, but with good English.  Room is small and cluttered.  Offered a shower.
As is my style, started with cuddles and stroking.   Sucking on those lovely nipples, and stroking a firm rounded body.  The pubes were rough shaven, as seems to be the norm with Thai ladies.  Unlike the previous Thai lady I had, Jackie was happy to spread her legs and give me full access to her pussy, which was naturally lubed after some clit play.  She seeemed to enjoy the attention, with some noises, not a lot, but at least it appeared to be real and not FOAM.  Played for a while, and then on with the dom and into legs up missionary.  I think it is BBW style, the entrance is wide, but the pussy is tight at the back.  Soaked up the view for a while, but then on to main mission.   Yep, big beautiful round brown butt, that seemed to envelop me in doggy.  Just what I wanted, perhaps too much so, cos it was not long before I blew.  

We chatted and she gave me her version of a massage.  Not a great muscle workout, but pleasant none the less.  Recommended for a change from your skinny liitle MLC ladies.


Floor: #8
Post Time: 12th January 2017, 05:51 PM
Poster ID: JRx$yd
Post Title: 
 Jackie Carlingford NSW 0402 119 328
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Jackie

 Establishment: private / House

 Date of Visit:4/1/2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: Phone 0402 119 328

Hours of Business: ring leah

 Rates: $170

 Age: Early 20's

 Size/shape: DD chubby

 Nationality or Ethnicity: Thai

 Services Provided: Full Service

 Value for money/recommend?: Good price, low end GFE

Texted Jackie about 2hrs before, set up for 1hr appointment.

Arrive at house on main road, I asked for a shower, when in a grubby crowded with shampoo bottles shower stall, rinsed off.

Jackie was wearing Bra and panties and was a bit chubby. We get into what must have been her normal bedroom, TV laying sponge bob, fish tank and NO air cond., squeeze by the bed and Jackie puts a condom and starts to blow. Again if the inexperienced GFE is what you are after this was great but didn't get me close.

She then stood up and we got into some petting and deep kissing. Stripped Her off and on the bed, and I go down on her. She was shaved but not recently, nothing like a bit a stubble burn!! Worked her till she was juicy and tangy.

Another condom and she rides me on top, bit of boob in face and getting pretty sweaty. Just remember sponge bob is still playing next to the bed, and her phone is going off with texts. (at least she didn't check them)

I ask how many cums and she says 2!, so I get busy and blow into the first condom. She peels that off and cleans me up and we rest in arms, kind of like an afterglow.

I start playing with her boobs and fingering her, she is making all the right sounds, she gets up and starts BBBJ me to get me completely hard.

Her bed in a 4 poster and being tall, my feet are pressed against then end with my head pressed at the other. I go missionary on Jackie for a while till I get close, the roll over and get her coq girl again.

Not much performance from Jackie, but I get the end and fill another condom. Jackie quickly hops off, I head to the shower, come back to the room as Jackie showers and then I'm out the door.

Reckon I only got 45mins, but left happy. Wouldn't be back though.

JR


