Thread Title: JADE 0404038685 (Vibrating Tongue BBBJ)
Floor: #1
Post Time: 31st December 2019, 12:03 PM
Poster ID: jasng90
Post Title: 
 JADE 0404038685 (Vibrating Tongue BBBJ)
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jade

Establishment : House in Merrylands

Date of Visit : 29/12/2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.escortsandbabes.com.au/P...nt/jade432018/

Phone : 0404038685

Hours of Business : 24hr (Accepted short noticed)

Rates : $150 30min

Age : 40's

Size/shape : size 9 - 10

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : Blowjob

Value for money/recommend? : Maybe for others but not for me

My experience/comments : 

Intro:
Jade was advertising herself as providing the best BBBJ in sydney. I was curious about her vibrating tongue blowjob so I texted her, agreed to a time and came over to her house.
At  the door and in the bed room she was quick down to earth and chatty.  The images didn't really represent her well as she looked better in  person and much leaner. Was dressed in black bikini overall. Tempted to  fuck her instead of blowie.

The Area:
Loads of car  spaces in a neighbourhood, she had a dog which she will tell you that  she needs to restrain before coming in. Inside the bedroom it was pretty  messy, but had an aircon running especially great this summer time  around.
Bed was comfy. She apparently shares the house with other people.

My experience in the bedroom

Handed  the cash over, she took the money and went away for a min to grab a bed  sheet. She flicked on some old school teeny bopper porn flicks. I  thought its was nice to watch porno together while she sucks me off. 
Prior to the action, she smoked some pot/weed and told me it makes her bjjj better.

She proceeded to suck my head while using the hands to secure the base of my crotch and cock. 
it was a very dry kind of blowjob, like she was just using air in her mouth and tongue to flick on the top of my cock only. 
Next she added the condom on my cock, and I ask her if she can do CIM, she declined, which i was unhappy about because it advertised CIM on her ad.

I couldnt cum during this so i suggested doggie. 
In between bbbj and doggie she stopped and keeps picking up her phone calls.
 We finished up in under 30 mins and I left out the door.


THE VERDICT:

Pro:
- Still good looking for 40's
- Not a time watcher. 
- Offered can of coke before and after session
- Able to watch porno
- Easy going and down to earth

Con:
- Interrupted sessions every 10 mins
- Did not deliver as advertised (advertised CIM, actual none)
- Weed/Pot addict
- Slow to respond to my text messsage (15 min delay tops) and her text messages can be unclear (broken english).

Overall:
YMMV, i was able to finish because doggie was my fav position. Satisfied enough then. 
I came to get the best blowie which was a actually an ultimate dissapointment. 
The vibrating tongue technique was too weak, and pretty not all the rage.


