Thread Title: Jade - Parramatta - 0478 126 092
Floor: #1
Post Time: 20th August 2016, 07:58 PM
Poster ID: savour01
Post Title: 
 Jade - Parramatta - 0478 126 092
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jade

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 20/8/16

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : ??? * L U S T Y | | BUSTY | | B E A U T I F U L | | NAUGHTY JADE?????? ITS PARTY TIME?????? - Australia escorts - cracker.com.au

Hours of Business : Not sure

Rates : 130 - 1/2 200 - 1

Age : Prob 30+

Size/shape : Bog average (definitely not the pics)

Nationality or Ethnicity : says bruneian (id guess chinese)

Services Provided : Not sure, didn't try anything. 

Value for money/recommend? : NO

My experience/comments : 

Had time to kill in parammatta so trolled through cracker. Came upon her add. $130 for 1/2 for a private was pretty good, and she looked good so I thought why not. Gave a called, asked if she was free in 20 mins and she texted me the address. She had very little accent and sounded pretty cute.

So i get to the place and wait out the front for a few mins. Waited till it was 20 mins from when I called and sent a text "hey what unit number, here now". There was a bit of back and forth. H (her) - Can you please wait a few mins pls, text you how to get in asap" M (me) - "Ok". H - "Please wait for me" M - "Ok" 

10 mins later M - "How long?" H - "Wont be long, please wait for me?" M - "How long is that?" H - "5-10m" M - "Nah cant wait that long, Maybe another time then" H - "really? your already here, will give you best price if you wait a few mins" M - "I know I'm already here, been here for 11 mins already. I don't want to sit out the front for 20 mins. Whats best price?" H - "100 - 1/2" M - "Ok, 10 mins max" 

10 mins later M - "....?" H - "There is a garage door, buzz my number and drive in the basement, let me know when your in the drive way" M - "No thanks, I'll park out the front" (I was thinking wtf???) H - "You don't want to drive in, means you are not a serious customer. You just want to come in and have a look and go" M - "I've sat here for over 25 mins, if thats not serious then I don't know what is". By this stage I'm like this is suss as fuck, why would anyone go in and leave, I'm getting fucked over here. I call her and say stop fucking around, your wasting my time. She calls me a moron and that if I won't drive in to the garage I should just go home. I say ok and hang up. I start the car and do a turn at the end of the street and get a call back on a private number. H - "Ok, you can come in, just walk through garage then". I should have just left. 

Texts me number to buzz. There was some guy sleeping in his car, I honestly thought I was going to get robbed. Walk up the stairs and I can see my car through the front door, knock on her door and a flat chested 30-35 year old chinese lady answers. I think fucking hell, but I was horny and had waited 30 mins so why not. She leads me into her room and she can't speak much english. "$130" M - "No the lady who speaks english on the phone said 100" "130" "No 100". "130".

At this point I thought fuck it. This is bullshit and say nah c ya and try to walk out. She says ok ok 100. I say nah c ya. Walk out the front door and go. I get a text "I've already know You wanker!"

First time I've ever walked out. I usually just wish I did later on and always envy the guys on here who have the will power too. Very happy I did, despise fake ads. 

Hopefully no one else gets ripped off by them!


Floor: #2
Post Time: 22nd August 2016, 10:06 AM
Poster ID: james31
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
There are so many suss ads for Asian PWL's in Parramatta that do not post real pics and advertise a bullshit service that you cannot get that I avoid them like the plague now, I was burnt a few months ago by the ad that talked about "come fuck my arse and blow in my mouth" blah blah, the WL was nothing like the photo, the place stunk of smoke, she wouldn't do a BBBJ as advertised because she claimed " I have just been to the dentist " etc etc.  she was fat and way older than advertised.

Avoid them fella's, be warned.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 27th August 2016, 10:18 AM
Poster ID: corelcoral
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks for posting. Been on the end of one of those dud asian punts too. If the pics are too good to be true they generally are.
You'll get more touches walking down aisles of Paddys market.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 29th August 2016, 07:16 AM
Poster ID: payforplay
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Main reason I simply dont see Asians anymore - well as a rule, still see the odd one but when I do see them I already know its only for a quick suck n fuck, just to get some dirty water out, knowing the add is fake & the girl just wants you in & out.......if I get more then its a bonus. 

But by the sounds of it, plenty of cheap brothels down there that cater to decent Asian girls.

P4P


