Thread Title: JAMILA - Black Sexy Hot Model -  0434 412 407
Floor: #1
Post Time: 16th September 2013, 04:52 PM
Poster ID: Misfit44
Post Title: 
 JAMILA - Black Sexy Hot Model -  0434 412 407
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jamila

Establishment : Private Girls, Jamila

Date of Visit :  September 2013

Contact Details/email: jamilaSyd@gmail.com or 0434412407

Hours of Business : by appointment

Rates : $400/hr plus taxi fee if out of CBD

Age :  23

Size/shape :  173cm, very slim, B cups, dark smooth skin

Nationality or Ethnicity : African

Services Provided : FS, BBBJ, DATY, massage, GFE

Value for money/recommend? : YES YES YES!

My experience/comments : 

My friend told me about Jamila because he knew I loved black girls. 
I emailed her for a 2hrs appointment.

She is tall, very slim and sexy. 
She got the body and looks of a model. 
I can vouch that the pictures on her profile are 100% real. 
This is one girl who cannot go anywhere without lustful stares or catcalls. 

When she is naked you just cannot help admiring her long skinny legs and skinny arms. 

She got a small firm ass and matches her small B size boobs. 
She loves it when you sucking her nipples. 

Jamila is from WEST Africa. What about it?? West Africans have very little body hair. 
Jamila is naturally SMOOTH with no hair.  
Few caucasian girl can claim to have natural smooth flawless skin like this. 

I am a specialist expert in DATY. 
After few minutes she was squirming all over and groaning. 
Jamila squirts her pussy juices if you know how to DATY and use your fingers to right way. 
Yummy black pussy juices! (Had to wash the bed sheets and protectors after the session).

Sex in all positions but as usual my favourite is on top pounding away. 
Her feet easily bent back to her head and I mashed away to her mutual pleasure.

She has such a beautiful personality. 
We lay in each other’s arms and talked a while when we finished. 
She told me Naomi Kenya was her roommate and that sometimes they did doubles. 
WOW! Naomi Kenya has always been on my “wishlist” so I asked Jamila to organize as session with Naomi which she did. 

(Separate report to come).


Floor: #2
Post Time: 16th September 2013, 05:04 PM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Her ad,

"Jamila - Private Escort

State: NSW
City: Sydney
Area: CBD
Tours: Yes
Age: 22
Height: 173cm
Body Size: 8
Stats: B cup
Hair: Black
Eyes: Brown
Email:  jamilaSyd@gmail.com 
Phone: 0434 412 407

About Me

Hi, my name is Jamila, am 22yrs old; my background is of African descent. I would describe 
myself, as a warm and welcoming person, fun and energetic, and adventures. 

I am incredibly stunning, I have an amazing figure, am tall, slim, and athletic. Beautiful face 
with bright chocolate eyes, welcoming smile, high cheekbones, I have a beautiful smooth 
skin, you won’t get your hands off me. My legs, is just another story, they just glow from a 
distance, very sexy long legs. My boobs stand nice and straight, just the perfect perky natural 
boobs you want to grab and nibble. My whole body is just a work of art. Come see for yourself. 
Simply am the whole package, am sensational, beautiful and intelligent.

Services; I provide a 'full service' which includes, sensual massage, body slide, oral and sex. 
I am also open to fantasies. If you have any request, ask me and I shall let you know if I 
can do it or not. See the list of services below
Thanks for taking the time to read about me.

I welcome you to visit me or I can visit you.

I look forward to meeting you.

If you have any question, contact me via email or my mobile phone.

Cheers

Price List

$200 for 30 mins

$300 for 45 mins

$400 for 1 hr

Services Available
Full service
GFE
Mutual French 
Oral
Golden Showers
Striptease
2 guys/1 girl 
Shower for Two 
Sexy Lingerie 
Variety of Positions
Sensual Body Scrubs 
Toys and/Strap-Ons
Full body massage (firm and/or sensual)
Mutual Masturbation
Costumes and Role Play 
Couples
Dinner/over night dates"


Floor: #3
Post Time: 21st September 2013, 09:38 PM
Poster ID: CunningLinguist
Post Title: 
 Jamila
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jamila

Establishment : Private WL in apartment a little south of city

Date of Visit : Sep/2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0434 412 407 Jamila Private Sydney Escort

Hours of Business : not advertised

Rates : 45 minutes $300

Age : Late 20s

Size/shape : Tall, thin, no fat, A cup, black skin, long black frizzy hair

Nationality or Ethnicity : East African

Services Provided : DATY BBBJ FS

Value for money/recommend? : Good to tick off your bucket list, but a bit pricey for return visits for my money.

My experience/comments :

Jamila is hot and slim and her english is excellent. This girl has  attitude, and is a man-eater. If you don't have confidence she will  gobble you up! There was some light kissing but no DFK (maybe because  she had braces). Her body is great, and her skin is smooth, and not  hairy. Her GFE was a little contrived but it is easy to forget about  that when you are fucking a slim african beauty! Her BBBJ was not quite  DT but close to it and the sight of a beautiful black chick swallowing  your white dick is something to behold! Her technique is good! Her room  has a large mirror beside the bed so you get a nice view of her hot  black body being fucked and sucked from all angles. Her pussy was nice,  no odour, but not as wet as I had hoped. Her fingers are adventurous!  The session was not rushed she is not time watcher, and afterwards she  was interesting to chat to. 

She told me she will do a threesome with her friend Naomi Kenya if you are interested, something to save up for maybe ...

PS You need to check with her before hand if she will do BBBJ for your booking, it is not guaranteed.


