Thread Title: Jane - Surry Hills - 0415 050 495
Floor: #1
Post Time: 8th March 2016, 03:40 PM
Poster ID: MattC
Post Title: 
 Jane - Surry Hills - 0415 050 495
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jane

Establishment : Private escort

Date of Visit : March 2016 

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0415 050 495 or see ad: ???? JANE ???? European Brunnette - Young & Sexy - back in Sydney! - BBBJ + CHEAP EXTRAS - Sydney escorts - backpage.com 
Works out of the Travelodge in Surry Hills

Hours of Business : She works most days apparently

Rates : Hourly in-call rate $300, 45 minutes $250, 30 minutes $200. 
Hourly out-call rate $400. She also does erotic massage

Age : early 20's

Size/shape: petite (5"4' on her ad), slim build with natural B cups. Not 100% sure if the pics on her ad are her but she's pretty similar bodywise anyway.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Czech

Services Provided :All the usual stuff, extras a BBBJ, CIM, COF, Golden showers and rimming on you (all $50 each)

Value for money/recommend? : Value is ok I suppose (if only because the prices charged by private WL are getting ludicrous!), not sure I'd recommend though

My experience/comments: Hadn't had a punt for a few weeks and my regular was incommunicado so decided to trawl through Backpage and see if there were any good value punts to be had. Most girls who didn't seem to have fake pics are eye-wateringly expensive and the cheaper ones often have dubious photos and won't send you selfies or additional pics to make choosing any easier. Now I've adopted a policy that if I'm going to see a girl who's $250/30 min or more they either have to have real pics, showing their face and be fucking glamazons - reviews help too. Otherwise I can just go to Liaisons or Stiletto and have my choice of girl from what is usually a pretty fine lineup.

Some of the girls on Backpage have really no idea though on what they can charge given their photos and reviews (or lack thereof) - or alternatively there are totally boneheaded punters out there whose urge to empty their wallets must clearly match the urge to empty their balls! I was talking to one girl who wanted - in all seriousness - $300! for a 30 min massage with touching (no oral though).

Anyway pickings were slim and in the end I settled on Jane, who was reasonably priced (she agreed to do a quickie for $150) and worked with another WL (Alexa) I had visited a few months before.

Got to the venue and was met in the lobby by Jane, I find it quite hard to make decisions about whether to stay or leave when first meeting a WL (unless they're undeniable attractive - or ugly) and in this case I decided to stay follow Jane into the lifts up to her room. In retrospect, I should have probably gone elsewhere!

She said she is here on holiday and works for an agency with a few other girls. The room was clean and I popped into the shower.

Jane is not exactly pretty, she has a slightly chubby face with freckles, I'd give her a 6/10 for the face and probably the same overall. She is pleasant enough but not very talkative.

Didn't allow kissing, which I'm normally not too keen on anyway, after a bit of foreplay and sucking on her small breasts I went down for a bit of DATY and fingering, that got her to moan but I think they were fake (or maybe she just does repeated soft moans normally lol) at least it wasn't loud, clearly fake moaning. She was very wet though and I was fingering away feeling her pussy clench around my fingers (which meant I was doing something right i guess!). Don't think I got her to come though, so after 5 or so minutes of that I was nice and hard and got into mish (I didn't get her to give me  BJ so can't say if it was any good).

A few mins in got her to put her legs up near her head and so could get really deep, since she's rather petite I'm pretty sure I could feel hitting her cervix or something - the resistance against my penis's head got me to come quite quickly but it was quite pleasurable, I should remember to do this more often. She continued her moaning/gasping through this.

After that I had another shower and was on my way.

Overall, it was a disappointing punt but not too bad considering the outlay. The other girl who works with her, Alexa a chocolate skinned South Indian girl (but grew up here) is a better bet, more into it and not as much of a starfish, she's also better looking in the face and has a really nice petite body with a tiny waist and a tight pussy.


