Thread Title: Janet - Silvania - NSW - 0415532292
Floor: #1
Post Time: 3rd February 2017, 07:10 AM
Poster ID: Genesis
Post Title: 
 Janet - Silvania - NSW - 0415532292
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name:Janet

Establishment: private

Date of Visit:31/1/17

Contact Details 0415532292  Saucy Seductress for your satisfaction Sunday special - Sydney escorts - cracker.com.au

Hours of Business: I think mid-day on-wards

Rates:$80 30min

Age: Mature ++Looks really old possibly 60+ but maybe she has just aged badly

Size/shape: Skinny buy saggy

Nationality or Ethnicity: Caucasian

Services Provided: Full Service

Value for money/recommend?: Depends on what you are looking for - cheap and dirty then yes

My experience/comments:

I seen Janet 31.1.17, contact was made about lunch time and it sounded like I had woken her up. I informed her that I would be passing through Sutherland if she is available, she sounded like she was going to say no but wanted the job and said ok, she new that I would only be 10 minutes away, she text me the address.

I arrived and as per title the place is not so much Sutherland but more the dingy part of Silvania, which I did not know existed until I arrived.

Janet told me to call when I arrive which I did, and she was on a upper floor balcony showing me where to park and where to enter, whilst in a  see through nighty.

When I entered I could see the years had not been kind to Janet, she was showing probably more than her age. She is skinny but saggy skin, with tattoos that are past their used by date. She smelt like an ash tray, but being one to follow through I paid the as advertised $80, I shower was offered but I declined.

Janet asked what I would like, sort of trying to guide me by saying blow job and sex?, but seeing the ad on cracker (which I will copy paste below) that she mentioned massage I said how about some massage and the blow job ect, she said well how about if we have time at the end we do massage - umm ok I guess that is a no for the massage. She went to get over the top of me in a weird position and I said well may as well 69, saying ok she instead sort or straddled over my face, the DATY was not bad and then she started to moan really loud and yelled that she was going to squirt - well that was a first for me, and I guess I can say I ticked it off the bucket list.

She then started BBBJ, after maybe 5 minutes she said would I like sex now, and I said no it's ok you are doing a good job and can continue, she said ohhh it ok for you but its hot down hear, in which I initiated my selective hearing and focused on getting rid of my load and getting the hell out of dodge, in which I did not too long after.
She took the whole load like a trooper and went to bathroom to spit, she came back and she I had 4 loads worth. I got dressed exchanged pleasantries and was on my way.  

All in all it was cheap, was not great but I have had worse, but probably wont be back.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 5th February 2017, 07:15 AM
Poster ID: trapper
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
This  is Nicky, same phone number just using  a different name


Floor: #3
Post Time: 6th February 2017, 07:57 PM
Poster ID: Graftoyin
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I just sent Janet a text asking if she would do a gangbang or bukkake she said she would do max 5 guys gangbang with bukkake finish for an hour . Any interest


Floor: #4
Post Time: 7th February 2017, 05:53 PM
Poster ID: mikej
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Only if my dick didn't actually have to come in contact with her and it was $10. Read through forum's past reports.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 7th February 2017, 09:49 PM
Poster ID: savour01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by Graftoyin


I just sent Janet a text asking if she would do a gangbang or bukkake she said she would do max 5 guys gangbang with bukkake finish for an hour . Any interes
"""



With anyone else probably, but when I saw her I couldn't bring myself to put my dick in her...


