Thread Title: Jasmin - Sydney (CBD) - 0499 745 555
Floor: #1
Post Time: 24th April 2012, 11:44 PM
Poster ID: Davidw2
Post Title: 
 Jasmin - Sydney (CBD) - 0499 745 555
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Jasmin

Location: Sydney CBD

Date of Visit: 23 April 2012

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: 0490 745 555 NEW!! Jasmin 22yo - Petite Asian ready to satisfy your desires - Luxurrious Private CBD Apartmnent - Sydney | Escort / adult | Erotic | Cracker

Hours of Business: varies usually lunchtime onwards (not every day)

Rates: FS $350 per hr 

Age: 22 

Size/shape: petite, small tits, shaved pussy

Nationality or Ethnicity: Asian

Services Provided:FS CBJ DATY

Value for money/recommend?: On the expensive side but Yes

My experience/comments:
 Jasmin has advertised on Cracker for a few months and I decided that variety is always the spice of life and rang her. I have seen her a few times since then and always been very happy. She works out of an appartment in the city - I have been to two different appartments in the same block to see her so must be part of a larger group. the appartment today is the better one with good music, wine, etc  the other is a bit clinical but both clean. She greeted me at the door in a towel and after a shower got straight into DFK - Jasmin was a little a bit more restrained the first time I saw her but now knows what I want and gets into it straight away. She is a happy girl who seems to enjoy her work and kissing progressed to DATY - she is shaved but sometimes has a bit of stubble however great clit and she can get really excited. She does some great tea bagging and licking and combined with her hand play gets you pretty close. She is not really into BBBJ although her CBJ is pretty good and today as always I was really ready for the main course. Jasmin is very tight and a great fuck if you like tight pussy, she is responsive and really gets into it ( more so on regular visits). Today her on top, me on top, me resting during which more DFK, DATY and fondling and then into mish to finish. Jasmin doen't worry about tissues etc between DATY and DFK and does provide a real GFE experience. Her English is ok and she is happy to talk if you are into that. Each time I have seen her I have left feeling good and although she is more expensive than other girls I see for similar service we seem to click and she is a great fuck


Floor: #2
Post Time: 25th April 2012, 12:08 PM
Poster ID: Bracket
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by Davidw2


... She is not really into BBBJ ..
"""



What does "not really into" mean?  Certainly from her ad (mutual oral, pornstar experience) and her price I would expect it to be available.  Does she not do bbbj at all, or does she do it but is not very good, or does she charge extra, or maybe something else?


Floor: #3
Post Time: 25th April 2012, 09:49 PM
Poster ID: BadAussieBoy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Copy and paste of her Cracker ad:


Hi guys thank you for taking the time to read my profile, my name is Jasmin, I am a petite size 6 Asian / Mixed European girl 22 years old with the perfect body, oozing sex appeal and always looking for fun. If you are looking to have an erotic experience I would love to see you in my private CBD apartment near Town Hall Station. When you see me your heart will begin to beat faster as you start to imagine the very personal sensual encounter that awaits you.

I provide a sensual and erotic experience, I can be your girlfriend with passionate kissing or I can be your favourite pornstar. I am studying in college and I have been in Sydney for the last 12 months, my English is good and I enjoy giving you the thrills and excitement that you desire.

I am 5' 3 in height and I am lucky to be blessed with a petite and toned sexy body. I have a cheeky smile, alluring brown eyes. My soft silky smooth white skin is flawless and will leave you breathless as you caress me, and I will respond in ways that you never thought possible. My unique exotic looks will drive you wild and you will not be able to get enough.

I take great pleasure in making you feel comfortable and relaxed. I thoroughly enjoy giving you the attention you crave, my passion is endless, my sensual masssage is extremely erotic my oral is amazing, and my tongue can do things that will send you over the edge and my Oral is truly amazing. If you last past this don't worry you can have more and there is a lot more to come! My only ambition is to make you feel 100% happy so that you come back and see me time and time again.

I hope now that you've taken this time to learn about me, you'll want to discover more by spending time with me in person.

I'm available from 9am TILL LATE, if I can't answer my phone, please send me a text message and I will get back to you as soon as I can.

I am looking forward to seeing you 

Jasmin xx 

My incall rates: 

$250 - 30 minutes 
$300 – 45 minutes 
$350 – 60 minutes 

My Outcall rates: 

$400 – 60 minutes 


• Passionate kissing 
• Oral 
• Muitual Oral 
• Sensual erotic Masssage 
• Soapy Masssage 
• Girlfriend experience 
• Pornstar experience 
• Role play 
• Dress ups 
• Toys 
• Rimming 
• Sexy Lingerie / Stockings and High Heels 

PLEAE NOTE PRIVATE NUMBERS WILL NOT BE ANSWERED


Floor: #4
Post Time: 26th April 2012, 11:00 AM
Poster ID: Davidw2
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"not really into" means no and I did not push her. Her ad as usual is a mixture of cut and paste statements - My guess is she has not been doing this long and is learning (not prornstar) and as always you may get a different experience


Floor: #5
Post Time: 26th April 2012, 01:56 PM
Poster ID: jetsetwilly
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks for clarifying Davidw2. I'm curious to know what you meant by: " I have been to two different appartments in the same block to see her so must be part of a larger group." You think she's actually part of an unnamed agency or just that she might be doing this with some girlfriends?

Cheers


Floor: #6
Post Time: 26th April 2012, 03:17 PM
Poster ID: Davidw2
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Jasmin said she was sharing use of the apartment with friends and that we needed to go to a different apartment because her friend was using it . I don't always believe what I'm told but it all worked well. She texted details ahead of time etc. She lives with her friends in the city not in either of the apartments hence my thinking she might be part of a larger group.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 26th April 2012, 09:20 PM
Poster ID: reggid
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
apartment on kent st? i knew one asian WG who shared a 3 bdrm apart with 7 other girls and they had the same shared arrangement.


