Floor: #1
Post Time: 16th March 2019, 05:16 PM
Poster ID: Honkytonk
Post Title: 
 Jay Jay - Camperdown/CBD - 0412 639 614
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lulu

Establishment : Miss Heavens

Date of Visit : 14/3/19

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.missheavens.com.au/

Phone :9439 4211

Hours of Business : 10am to midnight 7 days

Rates : $180 30mins

Age : 50?

Size/shape : mature petite

Nationality or Ethnicity : Oz

Services Provided : bbbj, DFK, sex

Value for money/recommend? : yes

My experience/comments : Rolled up and viewed an extensive line up and chose Lulu as the best of the bunch in looks/sex appeal. Up to the room, chatting and patting her nice derrière. Quick shower and a nice bit of kissing before pushing her down gently on bed, face down. Pulled her little black dress up over her beautiful buttocks and gently fingered her moist cunt. I then pushed my cock between her bum cheeks and leaned forward to kiss her open mouth. After some extended DFK, I positioned myself standing next to the bed and blissfully plunged my engorged pole into her hot, wet mouth. This lady hoovers in a manner that is so very special and as I watched her arse in the mirror and held her head while face fucking her with a slow, steady rhythm I was ready to cum. She just then came up for air so I kissed her hungrily and pulled her close and exploded all over her stomach, boobs and neck - it was a mighty cum shower and I collapsed onto the bed a satisfied man. Highly recommended fellas, a sensational dirty talking fuck with a magic blowjob.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 23rd March 2019, 03:02 PM
Poster ID: Max Bedroom
Post Title: 
 Jay Jay - Camperdown/CBD - 0412 639 614
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jay Jay

Establishment : private

Date of Visit : Mar 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0412639614 was on locanto and crockor but ads not showing just now. Below are images I had saved.

Hours of Business : contact

Rates : 1/2 hr GFE 300 

Age : Mid 20s?

Size/shape : Slim athletic size 8 fit looking

Nationality or Ethnicity : Irish blonde

Services Provided : Passionate GFE with dfk, bbbj and cfs

Value for money/recommend? : Quite pricey but I enjoyed and she put in good effort

Was in Sydney and looking for some intimate fun. I'd contacted Jay Jay before but declined the price. This time after she confirmed passionate dfk was good I decided to plunge.

She was in a hotel in Camperdown which was easy to reach by bus from Central. We did the nervous meet outside the lifts thing and up we went.

Jay is a fit athletic looking young woman with blonde hair and an attractive face. A lot like a hot backpacker.

I showered and came out to find her on the bed. Lots of passionate kissing and she gave me a good bbbj. Went for the dt a couple of times maybe didn't quite make it but marks for trying.

I got her in front of the mirror and we carried on kissing and her oral.

On the bed and on with the passion killer. I fucked her hard with her on top then rolled over for a sideways missionary. Then off with the insulation and she helped me spurt on my stomach. Was willing to take it in her mouth I think but I resisted. Once Ive talked to someone it seems wrong to do that. I know. WTF.

I enjoyed my time with Jay Jay. As I said maybe a bit pricey 250 would be better but sometimes a mans gotta do what a mans gotta do.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 25th March 2019, 03:11 PM
Poster ID: Honkytonk
Post Title: 
 Beautifully naughty Jasmine
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jasmine (Jay Jay)

Establishment : private

Date of Visit : 7/3/19

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Escorts & Babes

Phone : 0412 639 614

Hours of Business : varies 

Rates : $300 half hour

Age : 25?

Size/shape : slim/petite

Nationality or Ethnicity : Irish

Services Provided : DFK, DATY, bbbj, CIMWS

Value for money/recommend? : yes

My experience/comments : 

Texted originally for a quick $150 blow and go but when she met me in the lobby of her Newtown hotel, I needed an instant upgrade : be still my throbbing cock! Massaged her Lycra clad bum in the lift and kissed as soon as we got through her door. Quick shower and she is splayed nude on the bed so plunged the tongue into her sweet, moist, clean pussy and she squirmed prettily. Turned her over to lick her arse (very nice!) and was so horny I needed to fuck her on the spot...but damn! she couldn't get the condom to fit. I needed to cum and she knew it, so she dragged me away to the full length mirror outside the bathroom and slid me down her throat. I had her blonde locks firmly in hand as I watched her slender shoulders and pert arse moving sexily as she gorged on my cock. Pretty soon her spittle was all over my feet and the sight of her gorgeous body in the mirror was too much. I came hard and plentiful, but she swallowed it all and was in no hurry to take me out of her milky mouth. Fucking lovely punt and not too pricey given her beauty and service, although the condom problem could have spoilt it if you only wanted to fuck. I'll do her again, without a doubt.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 26th March 2019, 01:10 PM
Poster ID: Max Bedroom
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by Honkytonk


she dragged me away to the full length mirror outside the bathroom and slid me down her throa
"""



Ah yes. Those hotel room mirrors work well and Jay Jay looks good in them. Nice review. You went with the swallow. I always kick myself afterwards for not doing it. Haha


