Thread Title: Jedda - Hurstville, Sydney - 0456 862 345
Floor: #1
Post Time: 5th February 2016, 09:48 AM
Poster ID: mnhpas
Post Title: 
 Jedda - Hurstville, Sydney - 0456 862 345
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jedda

 Establishment : Private in Bexley 

 Date of Visit : Feb 2016

 Contact Details/Address/Weblink : XXX - Hot, Mature, Kinky Lady - XXX - Sydney escorts - backpage.com   0456862345

Hours of Business : Days: 10 am - 2 pm
                             Nights:          10 pm - 6 am

Rates : $150/30mins, $250/60 mins

 Age : late 40's (could even have possibly clocked up 50). 

 Size/shape : size 16+, pale, small breasts, black hair. 

 Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

 Services Provided : CBJ, FS, Squirting, golden shower

 Value for money/recommend? : Not really. 

 My experience/comments : I saw Jedda on Tuesday.


In between trips out to Mortdale from the city, I had the urge to finally catch up with this kinky lass into pissplay.

Texts were exchanged and voila I appeared.

She works out of a home in Bexley and does indeed have a well equipped dungeon, and a serious interest in BDSM.

Now the bad part. 

First, her size 12 photos are really more size 16+18, and she is not blessed with much up top. She wears corsets to attempt to keep the illusion though.

Second, we had agreed on the 150 for 30 and as I was on my way she through the "extras" line into a text for GS. Not happy Jan and another 50 was spent.

Third, while in the middle of the GS I said to her to lean more in and ill lick her - to which she replied "oh that's an extra", at which time I decided it was time to leave.

She wanted to fuck, but I lost all motivation to pork her and faked cumming to quickly start the trip over to see Monica lol.

On the good part .

Her CBJ was good though, I have a decent 8"'s and she took nearly all of it with plenty of gagging. 

Her place is clean, her toys extensive, she's not a clock watcher per say, but I think when I hear the word extra with a hard dick I just get turned off.


On reflection;

I would not in any circumstance want to see her with her corsetry off. BBW's with no BB's are just fat I believe ? 


For future punters;

If she offered a $50 CBJ blow and go I would see value in her performance there, so I would recommend trying it on.
To me she was a TOFTT experience and I shall not return.

P


Floor: #2
Post Time: 26th July 2016, 07:33 AM
Poster ID: uxb
Post Title: 
 Jedda, Private Bexley 0456862345
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jedda

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : July

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : http://sydney.backpage.com/FemaleEsc...y-lady/8171100 
Hours of Business : Varies

Rates : 150 for half

Age : 50

Size/shape : 12-14

Nationality or Ethnicity : European

Services Provided : CBJ covered sex


Value for money/recommend? : OK

My experience/comments : Was trying to organise a visit with Sky at Wolli Creek and got fucked around no end and needed a release.  I keep seeing this ad for Jedda on BP and i have a thing for the latex BDSM look so thought i would scratch the itch.

Arranging the visit was quiet easy and was directed to a quiet suburban street in Bexley, from there i had to call to get details. Lives in a villa block so maybe for blokes that have a problem been seen they might want to take a bit of care.

Anyway Jedda would be early to mid 50s possibly Italian or Maltese she has that look,a pleasant lady and quiet well maintained with good skin, she had some PVC corset, heels, tights etc on, little bit larger than her pictures make her out to be so be warned! The place is immaculately clean which is great. Financials and shower out of the way she returns.

Returned to a top class sucking, she knows what she is doing, was covered and i didnt ask for BBBJ but if she does it would be perfect. I would have settled for that but she wanted to fuck, so bent her over the bed and went doggy pretty hard to completion. 

The verdict, A good session for me (after the disaster of  trying to tee up a visit with Sky at Wolli Creek) All up was ok value , she has a dungeon set up if your into that thing, My only gripe it appears she is a heavy smoker which i hate. Probably wont return unless i got BBBJ, but dont let it put you off, i reckon if you really click with her she would be great. 

UXB


