Thread Title: Jemma - Sydney (CBD) - 0413 951 907
Floor: #1
Post Time: 12th December 2012, 08:46 PM
Poster ID: northshorejames
Post Title: 
 Jemma - Sydney (CBD) - 0413 951 907
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jemma

Establishment : Private apartment on Clarence st behind QVB

Date of Visit : 12/12/12

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0413951907 (She has an add on Cracker) see below for link (fake photos) will paste the text of ad at bottom for when cracker link goes down.

Look at my Profile - You will be Gald you Did - Sydney | Escort / adult | Erotic | Cracker


Hours of Business : Best to call to make appointment

Rates : $350/hour

Age : said 23 - probably right

Size/shape : size 6, very thin, cute face, A cup breasts (after bra off)

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : FS, DFK, see cracker ad for rest.

Value for money/recommend? : compared to a brothel no, but a nice pvt apartment in a good location, very much a GFE rather than PSE

My experience/comments : I'm not a huge fan of walking into brothels unless its really late at night so I'm always searching for new talent from private apartments.

Booked for 6pm, responsive to text and sent me a pic as requested, no headshot though. About 5pm she says has an emergency and can only fit me in at 7. Thinking id been bumped for a regular, i stil I say ok and decide to get dinner first. At about 6:30 I goto the address which I was pretty sure I'd visited before (I had, similar cracker ad) I text toll her I'm early and ready when she is mainly to test my theory. She replies and says she isn't there yet and to come back at 7. I hang around anyway while drinking an energy drink and in about 10 minutes a cab rocks up and she goes inside. I was 99% sure it was her. So good sign that she wasn't banging another punter right beforehand =P (no offence boys haha)

She texts ten minutes later telling me she is there and ready. 

So I go up, really nice apartment by the way, the best I've been too in my travels. They have beer/wine/coke cans stacked in the fridge for your refreshment, tall ceilings, nice furnishings, nice bed, the works.

Anyway she is very slim, pretty face, ok English, no complaints. Had a quick shower then onto the couch with me in a towel and her in a lovely tight black dress.

Had a really nice dfk/feel each other up session which I'm a huge fan of! She was a good kisser with really soft lips and tongue (probably one of the better) 

However this is when I notice she is kinda spaced out/very relaxed and I can smell weed on her hands. No biggie but good to note.

Start undressing her and she comments that she is very small. Which she was, A cup at best so not for everyone. (Couldn't tell this up front with dress/push up bra)

She seemed to have scarring/stretch marks around her stomach which she covered with her hands as often as she could. (Also turned off the lights despite me wanting them on) (told you it was a GFE haha)

Bit of missionary which wasn't great, couldn't feel shit so got her on top after a few minutes and was much better. She actually put in effort while on top which was nice. Was going to switch to doggy but she actually got me across the line herself so that was impressive.

Relaxed in each others arms for 10 minutes or so with some light small talk and kisses then jumped in the shower.

Overall, a good GFE experience, nice girl, very thin, good DFK, small boobs/flat, and was probably high.

Worth $350? For cracker I have done much much much worse, but compared to a brothel it's hard to justify know you have some good girls.
YMMV.

Apologies for bad formatting, typing this ony phone!

CRACKER AD TEXT:
"
Hi Guys 

My name is Jemma and I am just the Asian girlfriend you have been looking for. I am sensual and sexy, and I pride myself on providing every client with the most pleasurable experience. 

I have a size 6 to 8 body, soft sken an alluring eyes that you will want to look at all day. My service is sweet but I can also offer that little extra to make it wild. 

My goal in every session is to establish a repeat client with a non-rushed pampered erotic journey that I hope will have you returning for more. 

I have the most gorgeous flawless skin and long silky hair, with dazzling eyes that are sure to captivate you while I take you into a world of pure delight. There are no surprises, what you see is what you get. I have been known to have a serious naughty streak and it's true I am very good at being naughty! So if it is an hour, maybe more, then I am the girl you need! 

I understand that each and every one of your needs are always different. If you want to kick back and take things slow, explore a little, or live out your wildest fantasy, then I will make it happen. 
I am your sexy and exotic treat, the perfect playmate, playful, sensual, passionate, and a real pleaser. If you are an upscale man that loves to be pampered by a true woman of class and want to have an unforgettable experience. 

I work every day until late. I have a luxury incall unit near Town Hall and I offer refreshments as part of my erotic service. I can also do outcalls included in my rate, however, if you are outside the CBD area of Sydney I will have to charge extra to cover my taxi fares. 

My rates are $250 for 30 minutes incall 
$350 for 60 minutes incall 

$400 for 60 minutes outcall 



MY SERVICES ARE : 

Sensual Asian Girl Friend Experience 
Erotic massage 
Body to body massage (bodyslide) 
Mind blowing oral 
Mutual oral 
Sex toys 
Multiple shots 
Sex in many positions 
Fantasy dress up 
Role play 
Lingerie, stockings and high heels 
Pornstar eperience 
Dirty talk 
Rimming -- $50 extra 
Golden shower -- $50 extra 


I do not answer PRIVATE NUMBERS. If I can't answer the phone, please send me a text message and I will get back to you as soon as I can. 


I hope to hear from you soon 

Jemma 
xoxo

"


Floor: #2
Post Time: 14th December 2012, 02:11 PM
Poster ID: bill_100
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Good report northshorejames but compared to Ginza which has girls from Asia (Japan, HK, Chinese etc) it is very expensive.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 19th December 2012, 10:49 PM
Poster ID: northshorejames
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by bill_100


Good report northshorejames but compared to Ginza which has girls from Asia (Japan, HK, Chinese etc) it is very expensive
"""



I concur, Ginza seems very good value for money, ive only managed to get in there once... every other time they dont answer/respond (generally short notice, later in the evening)

So i have to look elsewhere


