Thread Title: Jenna - Simply the best!
Floor: #1
Post Time: 26th August 2013, 03:35 PM
Poster ID: Ozmag
Post Title: 
 Jenna - Simply the best!
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jenna

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 26/08/13

Contact Details: jennahasredhair@gmail.com

Hours of Business : 9am - 3pm by appointment

Rates : 200/hr

Age : 25

Size/shape : Very curvy - completely natural young Woman


Nationality or Ethnicity: Australian


Services Provided : FS, BBBJ, DFK, DATY, Squirting,


Value for money/recommend: Outstanding!


My experience/comments: I had the absolute pleasure of meeting Jenna and without doubt she is genuinely a gorgeous person a total pleasure experience! She is intelligent, engaging and great fun. 

I was greeted at the door after texting to ask if I could arrive earlier, Kellyville isnt as far as my memory told me. No problem came the accommodating response. Jenna, has beautiful eyes, a gorgeous smile and lovely pale smooth skin. I really enjoy DFK and so does Jenna. Up the stairs into the bedroom.

Shower first with a nice clean towel and then straight into the arms of a lady wearing bra and pants, looking very sexy indeed.

I'm no spring chicken being well into my 50s but I felt completely at home in her company with what became a fantastic enjoyable session. She is a multiple squirter, which first happened as we kissed standing up and me fingering her wet and fully shaved pussy! She cums repeatidly never missing a beat over the time together. A terrific BBBJ had me impressively erect and I have no doubt that Jenna loves the sex totally.


It is really sexy having Jenna look up at you while devouring your cock. And deep throat was very impressive, slurping, gagging and without any teeth contact was just awesome.


We ended up in a wonderful doggy both of us cumming at the same time and chatted whilst I recovered.

interesting, passionate, funny and gorgeous - the perfect woman and I cannot wait til next time. Thank you Jenna x


Floor: #2
Post Time: 26th August 2013, 03:38 PM
Poster ID: Jenna
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks Ozmag  I had a wonderful time, and you get the honour of being the first man able to take off my bra without looking I think!


Floor: #3
Post Time: 26th August 2013, 03:51 PM
Poster ID: Ozmag
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
All that practice given my years Jenna :-)


