Thread Title: Jenny - Parramatta - 0426 965 921
Floor: #1
Post Time: 18th May 2016, 07:36 PM
Poster ID: josh18
Post Title: 
 Jenny - Parramatta - 0426 965 921
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jenny

Establishment : Private - same apartment as Mia previously reviewed

Date of Visit : May 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Vietnamese Jenny -19yo first time in Parramatta- Very good Full service $120/30 minutes Extras avail - Sydney escorts - cracker.com.au

Hours of Business : 10a-?

Rates : Standard full service $120/30mins (includes massage, oral with condom & sex cum one time)
Standard full service $180/45 minutes (including massage, oral with condom & sex cum one time)
Standard full service $220/hour (includes massage, oral with condom & sex cum two times) 
Nude massage with oral with condom on or happy ending $70/30 mins (cum one time)

Age : Early 30s. Not 19 hah.

Size/shape : Short. Not slim but not paunchy. Good amount for a non-gym bunny.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Viet

Services Provided : Oral

Value for money/recommend? : Would go back to try fs

My experience/comments : This ad has the same layout as previously reviewed Mia. Photos looked genuine.

Booking was easy and access to the apartment was also easy. This place is a 2 bedroom apartment. Mia had an ensuite, unfortunately Jenny did not.

Her pictures are legit and only mildly shopped. Take note of the two that are not from the "photoshoot". She had a cute face and was def younger than Mia. Unfortunately (for most) she has that.. acne scarring some asians end up with. Oddly I find this attractive for some reason. Sort out payment (opted for just oral to gauge enthusiasm after being burned here previously) and she goes off to get change and I strip down. She returns naked and we get down to business. Breast sucking, interestingly meaty yet small nipples. Nice and tight overall. Groping continues until the dom goes on and she starts a decent bj - adequate suction and depth. Continues for a while but she seems quite rushed but it was still decent.

After a while she pulls the dom off and goes for some lube... and also grabs a rubber glove asking me if I want a massage, so if you are into that here is a provider. I decline, partly because there were no shower facilities for the second bedroom. She lubes me up and straddles my face. The view is nice, both her ass and pussy and there may have been a twang of regret for not opting for more. heh.

Overall the service was ok but a little rushed. Might try going back for fs if she hangs around as she was cute and her attitude might be slightly less rushed for the higher $$.

Before posting I quickly looked to see if she had been reviewed elsewhere but could not find anything.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 20th May 2016, 05:08 PM
Poster ID: Tripod
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Her ad says 19, you said 24. Did she confirm that or is it an estimate?


Floor: #3
Post Time: 20th May 2016, 05:09 PM
Poster ID: Tripod
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
If those pics are real, she's fkn hot! Her tatts will tell the story


Floor: #4
Post Time: 20th May 2016, 08:06 PM
Poster ID: josh18
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by Tripod


Her ad says 19, you said 24. Did she confirm that or is it an estimate
"""



I think she is late 20s. Not 19. The review says over 30 but in hindsight this might be a bit old. I don't ask and assume that ages are almost always lies.

Also while the photos are real the photographer knows what they are about and the lighting is great, making her appear better than she is imo. Still quite good.

Interesting that this is the third girl I have visited in recent history whos photos match up and look of a semi-pro level. This place in north parramatta as well as the other review I posted today both have girls with pro-ish looking photos. 

Also I would question if she is still there as she stated she was leaving the day after I saw her.. so they could potentially be milking the pics. She had the tats so if you rock up and she does not have them, well you know the rest.


