Thread Title: Jenna Cortez - Sydney - 0423 499 149
Floor: #1
Post Time: 5th August 2010, 12:18 PM
Poster ID: philibuster
Post Title: 
 Jenna Cortez - Sydney - 0423 499 149
				
Post Content: 
Phone: 0423 499 149 Email:mzjcortez@gmail.com Web: www.lovejennacortez.com

This review is of an encounter I had with Jenna a few months ago. As far as I can tell she hasn't been reviewed on here yet and she should be. 

I was looking for a punt on one of my infrequent visits to Sydney and since I was staying in a motel in the Nepean district, a long way from the CBD and a still fair drive to Parramatta, I checked out the local paper and a couple of parlours on the net. Being a naturally wary kind of punter these days when it comes to unfamiliar parlours and local papers, I exchanged messages with a couple of private ladies and settled on Jenna Cortez for an outcall.

Jenna is young at 22, a curvy 14D and is very pretty. Her skin is the most striking thing about her; a deep honey colour and she has lovely dark brown nipples which no doubt are a product of her Spanish/Filipino heritage. Her D cup breasts are firm and responsive to stimulation. But it's her smoothness that is a marvel of modern depilation. She could slide up and down all day and not leave a mark.

As Jenna arrived a little early (how often does that happen guys?) and I had just got out of the shower and was naked but for a towel when I opened the door, little time was wasted on the health check and we were quickly on the bed exploring each other's bodies with the urgency that seems to come from the anticipation of a booking arranged over a a couple of weeks.

Jenna loves sex. And she loves passionate kissing. And she loves DATY. And she seemed to very much enjoy the 69 which preceded the reverse cowgirl and the mish which concluded round one with us both panting and sweaty.

After a brief refreshment, round two was under way with a long deep CBJ. This is one of Jenna's specialties - she has great technique and even now after a couple of months I recall this particular blow job fondly. This was followed by a long, hard fuck in cowgirl and doggie. Jenna stays really wet for a long time lube was unnecessary (tho' YMMV) and I put this down to her real enjoyment of fucking. Round two eventually finished in the shower with much DFK, soap and a knee buckling hand job.

After drying off, we returned to the bed, further refreshment and a bit of a chat, caressing and brief but futile thoughts of round three. A two hour booking had turned into nearly three and Jenna left with what I am assured is a burly driver who takes care of any miscreants on outcalls. I don't know whether Jenna does incalls yet but I'm sure she'd welcome any inquiries along those lines.

I slept like a baby.

Jenna has talents that will please many. I'd see her again


Floor: #2
Post Time: 5th August 2010, 12:59 PM
Poster ID: someone or other
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Great stuff. Thanks for sharing.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 5th August 2010, 01:49 PM
Poster ID: justintime
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Sounds good Philibuster. 
What are her rates like?


