Thread Title: Jenna...still recovering :D
Floor: #1
Post Time: 15th February 2015, 07:52 PM
Poster ID: uglyphil
Post Title: 
 Jenna...still recovering :D
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jenna

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : Monday 5th January 2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0403489488, jennahasredhair@gmail.com or PM her on this forum

Hours of Business : Ask

Rates : $250/hour

Age : 25

Size/shape : Size 12? Large breasts, red hair, wonderful cushiony ass

Nationality or Ethnicity : Caucasian

Services Provided : BBBJ with DT, CFS (full range of positions), DFK, CIM, DATY

Value for money/recommend? : Oh good GOD YES!!!!

My experience/comments : 

Firstly, let me apologise for the tardiness of my review.  I saw Jenna a few days before I jetted to the USA for three weeks and since I got back I have been busy catching up to work.  Anyway, on to the fun stuff.

Anyone who reads my reviews knows I have a penchant for redheads.  They also know that the few times I have been able to see one of these beautiful creatures the results have been... well... unsatisfactory (see my review of Nicky earlier  ).  So it was with delight that came to these forums and spied Jenna.  That delight was very quickly turned to sadness when I discovered she had retired before I got a chance to see her.  Then, the skies opened, the sun shine through and Jenna returned to us.  I wasn't going to miss this opportunity.

So I got in touch with Jenna and plans were quickly made.  Jenna even stating that she intended to make up for my previous dud redhead experiences.  And then mice and men got involved and those plans turned to dust (my fault, not Jenna's).  However she was very accommodating and we arranged a new date and I arrived there with some trepidation.

Why trepidation?  Well, we all know why it is called punting, right?  Despite the raving reviews given on this site, punting is a pastime where YMMV and what works for some, doesn't work for others.  I really wanted this to go well as I thought that if it didn't there was something wrong with me (given all the positive reviews).  Also, I am no oil painting (unless you count Picasso) and I was worried that if Jenna was a young and beautiful as reported then she would soon show a tired old ugly fart such as myself the door.  Plus I REALLY wanted great sex with a redhead.

Am I saying "redhead" too much???

Anyway, I knocked and Jenna opened the door and half my concerns melted away.  Jenna is truly gorgeous.  While all reviews state how young and beautiful she is, we all know how some reviews do not live up to expectation, but Jenna is not one of those.  From her glorious auburn hair (see, I can use a term other than redhead :P ), to her beautiful face.  Large, smiling eyes, and her body neatly wrapped in a tight top and jeans she was a true vision.  She invited me in and I tripped over my jaw as I entered her home - that was rather embarrassing.  She offered a shower and after my long drive I accepted.  When I got out she had stripped to her black lingerie and was preparing her bed.  Now I got to see her body I can see that she is all woman.  Her skin is translucent and the occasional freckle only adds to her beauty and charm.  Her breasts are pillowy, soft and sensitive and her ass, my god her ass... I could bite and nibble it for weeks!

She turned and saw me enter.  I walked towards her, nervously said hello and we kissed, gently at first but those kisses we soon became more and more passionate and I removed the rest of her lingerie as we stood by the bed.  Jenna invited me to lie down and began to kiss her way down my body where she hungrily looked at my cock.  She was soon giving it one of the best BBBJ I have ever had, with licking up and down, slurping around the head, and bobbing nicely up and down.  When I told her that no one had ever deep throated me she smiled and said: "Good, I like a challenge"...

And then proceeded to tackle that challenge with gusto.

Not wanting to cum too soon I regretfully stopped her got her to lie on her back so I could taste that wonderful shaven pussy.  With long slow licks and short flicks I was soon rewarded with a famous Jenna squirt.  One that took me by surprise I have to add (I thought this to be another embellishment), but I soldiered on and with the addition of a finger I soon had Jenna squirting into my mouth multiple times.  I kissed my way up her body, paying careful attention to each breast and then kissed her passionately again so that we could both taste her juices.  She complimented me on my technique, calling my tongue "very dexterous" and the second half of my concerns melted away, this was going to be wonderful!

On with the dom and I fucked her in mish, slowly at first so I could lick and nibble her nipples, then getting faster until her breasts were bouncing up and down like balloons released from a net at a Year 12 Graduation.  With her encouragement I pounded her even harder and faster until I felt my groin get extremely wet.  My God, she had cum again, at the same time I felt her pussy pulse and contract around my cock and despite my best intentions I came feverishly into the 'dom.

Both of us were sweaty and soaked, and neither of us cared.  We just lay there and between the occasional kiss we chatted about our lives and various other things that turned out were of interest to both of us.  This is where Jenna separates herself from other girls I have been with (except for Natalie in Ashfield - who is also a delight to chat with).  She is intelligent, strong, funny and literate.  She has a wide range of interests and like me, a rather macabre sense of humour.  She can give and take a joke.  The conversation with her was pleasant and stimulating.  I happen to find intelligence rather sexy and so I was soon raring to go again.  But first I had to get her back in the mood, or so I thought.

So I kissed and nibbled her breasts and slowly fingered her as we talked.  Very shortly I was rewarded by her coming all over my hand, several times.  I licked my fingers clean and asked her her favourite position.  "Doggy", came the reply.

Ever the gentlemen I acquiesced to her suggestion and was soon grabbing hold of her hips and thrusting away like a madman as her ass bobbed and bounced against my stomach and groin.  Jenna came again, then again.  Then wanting a taste again I rolled her over and licked her to several more squirts.  She then demanded to suck my cock again and I was treated to the sight of her bobbing up and down on my cock and she struggled (and succeeded) in taking me right to the root.  I asked what she wanted and without hesitation she stated that she wanted me to cum over her face.  After a few more bobs I told Jenna I was cumming and she let the first spurt hit her face before she sucked me down again and I finished in her mouth.  Whether she swallowed or not I do not know as I was virtually passed out!

Some more romance followed before I realised I had to leave to make my appointment.  Reluctantly I showered and returned to the room to see Jenna stripping the bed.  God it was a mess!  There was a huge wet patch in the middle and all the sheets she had laid down had to be replaced.  I helped her and in a scene of domestic bliss we made the bed together.  I found a chamois type sheet and asked what it was for (duh - the answer is obvious) and Jenna laughed and said that she never got around to putting it on the bed.  At this point we kissed again and said our goodbyes and I regretfully made my way on shaky legs to my car and somehow managed not to crash on the rest of the trip into the city.

Since then I have tried to organise another session but the punting Gods have not been kind.  Either she or I have both been busy.  I hope to rectify this in the near future.

Sincerely, if you want a wonderful time with a lady who is generous with her time, intelligence and abilities then Jenna is the one for you.  She is a delight and I cannot speak highly enough of her.  Until we meet again Jenna, may you remain happy, safe and satisfied.  Thank you.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 15th February 2015, 07:54 PM
Poster ID: uglyphil
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Holy crap, that's a novel!  Sorry guys, I had no idea I had written so much.

But re-reading it, I now have to go and ummm... well you know


Floor: #3
Post Time: 15th February 2015, 08:22 PM
Poster ID: Lustvader
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
No need to apologise, top review!  I too have only had a couple of ordinary experiences with genuine redheads, but Jenna sounds like the ultimate bluey for playtime.


