Thread Title: Jenny, Thai - Harris Park - 0478 073 298
Floor: #1
Post Time: 26th March 2014, 07:48 AM
Poster ID: maxwell
Post Title: 
 Jenny, Thai - Harris Park - 0478 073 298
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jenny

Establishment : Private group, Harris Park

Date of Visit : 3 week March

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0478073298

Rates : $60 / 30 for massage + +

Age : mid twenties

Size/shape : 10, C cups

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : 

Value for money/recommend? : VFM yes; recommend. hmmm so so

My experience/comments : Got a tip off bout this place from another punter who found the ad in the Blacktown Advocate. I had been trying to get in contact with them for a few days before finally being able to tee up a suitable time. I followed instructions into the unit block and buzzed in. Once in, damn its dark. The other punter was spot on here - its dungeon time in there. I don't know how people get through there every day. it would be a safety issue at night also. Anyway.

Door opens to a very attractive little thai thing, who is probably early thirties and dressed well. She is obviously not working and must be the one who communicates on the phone, as the rest of the mob didn't speak as good english as her.

Let me set this straight from the outset - this is a FS place. Thats why i posted in this section. But i went in on the pretext of massage. The girls i saw, Jenny, was a little out of sorts as she didn't know how to do massage, and it showed in a big way. I thought this was going to be a disaster, as within a minute she was already pressing to go FS. I had to take the lead and sucked on her ample tithes which got her opening up her legs for some finger fun. A few minutes of this, and she says $20 for bj. Off we go. Blew twice cim and no problem with it (asked her if ok). she's not gentle though, and almost damn near ripped the head off it on the second go. 

End of session, into the shower(very clean and tidy) and off through the dungeons again. I didn't like how she checked her phone and texted a few times in session. I was surprised at how inept she was at massage. Her English was very poor - had to get the interpreter (another WL) in a few times. 

Would i be back? If the girl answering the door was working, i'd be back in a flash but this is the case everywhere the one not working is the one you want. Back to see jenny? no, not for me.

Seriously, someone could jump you in those hallways.

Max


