Thread Title: Jennifer  - Sydney (CBD) - 0423 969 466
Floor: #1
Post Time: 30th December 2012, 11:56 PM
Poster ID: northshorejames
Post Title: 
 Jennifer  - Sydney (CBD) - 0423 969 466
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jennifer

Establishment : Private apartment on Clarence st behind QVB

Date of Visit : 30/12/12

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :  0423969466 (She has an add on Cracker) see below for link (fake photos) will paste the text of ad at bottom for when cracker link goes down.

"I am your dream come true - I offer a service like no other"

I am your dream come true - I offer a service like no other - Sydney | Escort / adult | Erotic | Cracker


Hours of Business : Best to call to make appointment

Rates : $350/hour

Age : 26-28 at a guess

Size/shape : size 10 - slim not fat but not the normal tiny chibese girl. average face, A/B cup breasts 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : FS, DFK(lol-see below) see cracker ad for rest.

Value for money/recommend? : not really....

My experience/comments : I'm once again its late at night and i want to have some fun  No reply from Ginza on short notice... so i hit cracker as usual, i didnt put much effort in today. just put in town hall which is where i was.  Found one with the usual be fakes and I was pretty sure it was the same place I've tried twice before but alas the numbers were different. Ask for real pics but get sent another stupid one so I just agree anyway instead of waste more time. Sure enough a very familiar address comes up on Clarence st! (This I don't mind, best private apartment set up I've been too by far - see other review jhttp://auxxxreviews.com/forum/f100/jemma-sydney-cbd-0413-951-907-a-14973-new/) just hoping for a diff girl as I like new things!

Things start to change from here, diff apartment number this time but still on the same floor and indeed a different girl! Average looking girl, no real complaints.

 Hit the shower then we begin...(straight away I can tell she isn't into kissing, but i persist) she starts giving me these stupid woody woodpecker pecks on my lips. I was in a weird mood so I just kept it up and didn't let her get out of it, then she decides age needs to shower? Odd. But whatever, comes back and suddenly will tounge me? What now... Except its like a non stop moving snake, worst kisser ever.
Rest was pretty standard shit.

Worth $350? pretty much not really, the other girls were better but not by miles. I think 3 punts a this joint, (see other review of 'Jemma' mentioned above, none if them stunners. I prob won't go back unless im desperate and I can get real pics upfront. YMMV.

Apologies for bad formatting, typing this on my phone while travelling home.

CRACKER AD TEXT:
"
Gentlemen 

I am Jennifer. I am a private escort from Tropical Asia located close to Queen Victoria Building Town Hall in my luxurious apartment. I am passionate, loving and seductive eager to please you. I love nothing more than for us to lose inhibitions together, as we share some very private moments with each other. 

My sun kissed skin, and large alluring eyes and my slender body with delicious breasts will have you longing to touch for a long time after we meet. You can be assured that any stress or nerves you have will soon go when you meet me as we explore a new erotic world together full of romance, lust and pleasures from heaven. 

There is no escaping my lust for sex, and I will ensure that all your desires and wishes are my main priority. You will leave totally relaxed and very satisfied and looking forward to the next time we can meet. 

Included in my service 

Passionate kissing Sensual massage and body slide 
Girlfriend experience Sexy dress up and naughty role play 
Pornstar experience Sexy shower for 2 
Toys Multiple orgasms 
COB Lingerie 

Some extra services are available at an additional fee: please enquire when making a booking to see me. 

My rates are 

Incall for 60 minutes $350 
Incall for 30 Minutes $250 

Outcall for 60 Minutes $400 


Why wait, call me now !! 


Jennifer"


Floor: #2
Post Time: 31st December 2012, 07:28 AM
Poster ID: JB
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Looks damn expensive to me?


Floor: #3
Post Time: 31st December 2012, 05:20 PM
Poster ID: northshorejames
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by JB1


Looks damn expensive to me
"""



Agreed, compared to brothels... private apartment hit ups from cracker are usually around this price....

i just cant help myself... hahahah


