Thread Title: Jessica (previously from Christine123) - Sydney CBD - 0452 368 662
Floor: #1
Post Time: 16th August 2015, 11:21 AM
Poster ID: feelus
Post Title: 
 Jessica (previously from Christine123) - Sydney CBD - 0452 368 662
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Jessica

Establishment: 28 Harbour St, Sydney

Date of Visit: 13/08/2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: 0452 368 662

Hours of Business: It really depends as she is a student and needs to study during the day but she is working most if not every night. I visited at 8pm on a weekday

Rates: $250/60mins $150/30mins

Age: 24

Size/shape: DD cup (natural), slim

Nationality or Ethnicity: Chinese

Services Provided: BBBJ, FS, DFK

Value for money/recommend?: Yes

My experience/comments:

Follow up report to my previous report on my experience with the other 'Jessica'

So I finally managed to track down the details of the Jessica that I have been searching for. It turns out that she is now working in an apartment near Chinatown (28 Harbour St). I called 0452 368 662 and a lady named 'Queenie' picked up. Making the booking for Jessica was quite easy but the apartment itself can be hard to get to if you intend on driving there. I ended up parking on Sussex St with a 5 minute walk.

Headed up to the apartment and made my way to the room. Jessica answered the door and was looking very hot in a tight blue dress with black stockings. The apartment itself is quite nice. I think there are 2 or 3 bedrooms where some other girls work although I never heard or saw any of them as we made our way straight to Jessica's room.

Those that have seen Jessica will know that she is very tall (almost 6 ft) with a nice set of big natural tits and a very pretty face. After the shower, Jessica started with the catbath which was very good. There was also lots of kissing which I love and she really gets into it. So much so that at times our teeth would clash but not that I'm complaining. She would switch between catbath and DFK which I let her know was great. She made her way down to LB and proceeded with a nice sloppy BBBJ, paying lots of attention to the balls aswell. I'm not a huge fan of BJs so after a couple of minutes, instructed her to get the condom and get on top. She promptly popped on the dom aswell as some lube and jumped on top. What a view! She started riding me with her tits flapping around everywhere, and was also moaning a lot which was turning me on more. She then leaned over to DFK me whilst continuing to ride my whilst I cupped her huge boobs. It was heaven. After a while, I told her to lean back on the bed whilst I sat up and leaned forward for great missionary. She continued moaning whilst I pumped her hard as she cupped her tits when her arms. I started to sense the feeling coming on so I put my hands on each breast whilst I pumped her through to completion. I leaned over for another passionate kiss before pulling out and letting her clean my up.

We laid on the bed for awhile making small talk before she initiated round 2. She got me hard again by giving me a catbath. She offered another BBBJ but since we hadn't showered after round 1, I decided it was not a good idea (for her) so I popped on the dom and since time got her in doggie position with her laying flat on the bed and me entering her from behind. This lasted all but another 5 minutes before I unloaded another shot inside her. We collapsed together again whilst make some more small talk before cleaning up and getting dressed.

All in all, Jessica provides fantastic service. Definitely recommend her for big tit lovers or for other bros that appreciate good service and DFK. Damage was $250 for the hour (I think it's $150 for 30 minutes) but well worth it as she's not a clock watcher and never felt rushed. Not quite sure how much longer she is working for. Enjoy!


