Thread Title: Jess (pregnant) - Sydney - 0414 800 465
Floor: #1
Post Time: 15th August 2019, 12:12 AM
Poster ID: Dick dastardly
Post Title: 
 Jess (pregnant) - Sydney - 0414 800 465
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : jess

Establishment : private nice hotel 5 mins Central Station 

Date of Visit : in last 2 weeks

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0414 800 465 and an ad  on locanto

Phone :above

Hours of Business : normal

Rates : 200/300 30/60 + 50 for lactation and 50 for bbj

Age : says 24 and probably true 

Size/shape : 7 months pregnant. Before that would have been s8ze 14 or 16 dress size so very chubby

Nationality or Ethnicity : aussie cauc 

Services Provided : FS CBJ  lactation at extra 50 (allegedly)

Value for money/recommend? : sadly no not at all ...please see review

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

I always keep my eyes peeled for ads for pregnant girls and never miss the chance. I guess i must have seen 10 in about 10 years. I like the body shape.

This one just didnt work out.  pics looks great so was looking fwd to it. Great comms on phone and clearly a bright educated girl. But when we met i wanted to bail out but did not want to offend her. Not a pretty face at all and too fat . Her service was fine she tried hard and I went through the motions but it was a dud and i had massive puntgret afterwards.....in fact i immediately  walked up the hill to 12 bellevue and had a double with lily and some other random just to wipe the memory .....im also sceptical that she actually lactating already


Floor: #2
Post Time: 15th August 2019, 07:33 AM
Poster ID: The Steed
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Puntgret?? Quick let the Oxford Dictionary know to add it to their new list of vocabulary words. Thanks for TOFFT.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 15th August 2019, 11:04 PM
Poster ID: Dick dastardly
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by The Steed


Puntgret?? Quick let the Oxford Dictionary know to add it to their new list of vocabulary words. Thanks for TOFFT
"""



My other proposed addition to the dictionary is 'whoredar'  .. the ability to instinctively and unaided find the red light district of a stange town within 15 minutes of arriving in it


Floor: #4
Post Time: 16th August 2019, 10:36 AM
Poster ID: You
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jess

Establishment : private nice hotel 5 mins Central Station 

Date of Visit : 15/8/19

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://sydney.locanto.com.au/ID_377...an-Blonde.html

Phone :0414800465

Rates : 300 for the hour 

Age : Mid 20's 

Size/shape : Size 12 pre pregnancy - breasts probably D's

Nationality or Ethnicity : Anglo 

Services Provided : FS CBJ + 50 for lactation and 50 for bbj

Value for money/recommend? : Yes indeed

My experience/comments : 
There's something about a pregnant woman, beyond the obvious, their entire skin seems to become more velvety to the touch. Jess is from north of the boarder and is fifo-ing into Sydney. 

Fortunately I didn't see the previous review, before I visited. I had a fantastic time, paid the extras because the rarity of being with a pregnant lady made me keen to get the most from the opportunity. 

Kissing was initially a little tentative at first but became more open as we began to click. Jess is most definitely lactating, and I made the most of this fact while I had my mouth to her engorged nipples. It's undoubtedly kinky - but I really don't care and loved the experience. We then swapped oral favours, she has wonderfully generous inner labia - also a big turn on for me. 
Before I asked her whether she could cowgirl, she complied, the view was fantastic and she was delightfully enthusiastic. A terrific experience.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 18th August 2019, 06:15 PM
Poster ID: Dick dastardly
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks for your review.  Interesting to see how 2 visits left such different impressions. Thats what makes the world go around...would be boring if we all liked the same girls. Happy punting


Floor: #6
Post Time: 24th August 2019, 10:20 AM
Poster ID: Chromehound
Post Title: 
 Jess (pregnant) - Sydney CBD - 0414 800 465
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jess

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : August / July 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://sydney.locanto.com.au/ID_377...an-Blonde.html

Phone :0414800465 

Hours of Business : ask her

Rates : 200/30min, 300/hr

Age : 24 ish

Size/shape : fat, size 14+ 

Nationality or Ethnicity : White

Services Provided : Lactation, FS, CBJ

Value for money/recommend? : cheap way to cross off a preggo woman off your bucket list

My experience/comments :

She's almost 8 months pregnant and is likely going to stop escorting in the following weeks, so Jess is worth considering if you want to cross off seeing a pregnant WL from your bucket list for relatively cheap..

Overall:.
- I've met Jess twice and had two different experiences. The first time I met her I was open to returning, but the second time I met her it was much more average and not worth the price so I wouldn't return. I mainly saw her to experience her lactating tits and to cross off a pregnant woman from my bucket list..
- Pros: Pregnant, lactates, cute face..
- Cons: She's quite fat, lactates only a little.

Face:
- She's quite cute in my opinion, despite being on the larger side. If she lost the weight, she'd be a straight 9/10 or better, she would be incredibly hot..

Body:.
- She's a large woman. Maybe size 14+? I'm not good with guessing sizes past this point, she's larger than her pictures on locanto though..

Personality:.
- The first time I met her she was fantastic, she was very warm and very talkative..
- The second time I met her she was a lot more tired and complained about clients being late and wanted me to cum quicke, which I wasn't happy with. However she was still not bad in terms of friendliness, and considering how late she is into her pregnancy I guess it's only natural to be tired more often.
- Overall she has a nice personality though, she's very easy to talk to and is friendly..

Service:.
- Kissing: It was okay, her kissing is open mouth kissing with no tongue. Once she gets into sex the kissing gets better..
- CBJ: It was alright, below average. I've had a lot better. She's not worth the $50 bbbj option for those thinking of taking it up..

Lactation:
- She charges $50 extra for lactation, it's best you book her for the full hour to ensure you can experience it. She sees a lot of clients so she can go dry if you only book her for half an hour. Also near the end of my session she stopped letting me suck on the tits to save it up for the next guy..

Sex:
- She feels absolutely amazing on the inside in the first few positions, she is incredibly wet and warm. It honestly felt like we were going raw with bbfs. I had to check the condom was still there at one point. The second time I met her she went drier quickly, but it was still incredible for the first few positions..
- Riding in particular was amazing, since it's also a position that's favorable to lactation, so it's a good position to suck her tits from. That super warm and wet pussy with her tits in my mouth secreting milk was great..
- Missionary was great the first time, but she's much more inflexible now compared to before. Unlike before she also told me to be gentle with doggy and daty, which was in contrast to the last time I met her where she encouraged more passion. I imagine it's because of her pregnancy..


Floor: #7
Post Time: 22nd September 2019, 03:01 PM
Poster ID: narddog04
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Great review, a lactating woman is on my to do list. If anyone knows others please send a pm.


