Thread Title: Jessi - Parramatta - 0473 483 785
Floor: #1
Post Time: 31st January 2017, 01:36 AM
Poster ID: silk
Post Title: 
 Jessi - Parramatta - 0473 483 785
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : JESSI

Establishment : Private Hotel in Parramatta

Date of Visit : Wed Jan 18 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0473 483 785
http://australia.cracker.com.au/Fema...coast/30740712

Hours of Business : ???

Rates : $150 / 20-30min BLOW AND GO

Age : EARLY -MID 30s

Size/shape : BBW

Nationality or Ethnicity : AUSSIE

Services Provided : SPANISH, BBBJ, DT, CIM, COF, COT 

Face: 7.5/10.

Value for money/recommend? : YES

The face photos are fake. But I was still pleasantly surprised by her face.
Similar looking, particularly the one where she is in the lake or ocean.
VIDEO of her boob rubbing is her I think and there was a photo now taken down of her covered in facial cum that could have been her.

Anyway she was just what I needed.
I had a big sack of cum that needed a horny eager cum slut to suck it all out.

She is a genuinely horny girl who loves to suck cock and gets worked up.

She forced me into the back of her throat repeatedly until she almost chucked.
This brought forth A LOT OF SALIVA which she used to wet wank my rock hard cock.
After doing this multiple times it looked like I'd actually cum.

Big sticky wet stands of stuff dangling off and stretching from my balls and cock back into her mouth.

She is not afraid of fluids.

This really helped the Spanish in her MASSIVE tits.
She kept saying how good my cock looked as it breached the top of her monster tits.

She also indulged in a lot of ball sucking and rubbing of my cock all over her face.

She was a hot wet mess.

I had no idea of the time I'd been there as the obligatory brothel clock was not present.

I ended up so hard I actually found it hard to cum.
I think this was due to all the saliva.

So I ended up face fucking her as she could take it and seemed to love it.
Looking up at me and smiling as she forced her mouth off me to breath.

I rarely hold a girls head and fuck their face but it just felt right with Jessi.
The feeling of her full wet lower lip and chin gracing my smooth balls as I held her there was all to much and as arranged I pulled out and wanked into her open mouth and came in there and over her face and tits.

Jesse was quick to grab her phone and take photos of herself.

Who knows where that will turn up?

After showering I noticed an array of large rubber dildos lined up in the bath room.
She's a dirty girl and tells me she just loves sex.

Touring Sydney again in next little while.
She said to keep eye out for ads.

She was very easy to book and was pretty much fully booked for her 4-5 day stay in Sydney.

She also advertised a GB at $700 per head at the tail end of her Sydney visit.
I think she is dreaming at that price but others my view differently.

I will book her again when she returns.

SILK


Floor: #2
Post Time: 5th June 2017, 10:13 PM
Poster ID: jono87
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jessi

Establishment : Private resident, south west Sydney

Date of Visit : May 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : *NEW TO SYDNEY* Delicious BBW with GG Cup breasts. - Sydney escorts - backpage.com.au
twitter @JuniperJessi

Hours of Business : varies

Rates : $450 ph PSE

Age : 29 (actual age)

Size/shape : 16-18

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : PSE, BBBJ, Deep Throat, Kissing, Mutual Oral, Titty Fucking. Other extra available on request (Anal, Toys)

Value for money/recommend? : Yes for me, YMMV

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

I was looking WL to satisfy my kinks/fetish and was pointed to Jessie as a possibilities. Contact with Jessi was easy and very professional. I had to make an after hours booking that she request me to provide a deposit. No issue for me but might be for some. My original plan was to book Jessi for an hour PSE with extra of DP with toys and anal, however on the day before she inform me that we will have to do a rain check on my kinks request. Not a problem with me as it allows me to build a report with her first.

On the night of the appointment I arrive at her residence and was invited in. I did bring a box of chocolate which she was really happy to receive and was a great way to get into a WL good books  . I was offered a shower as i was visiting straight from work, and she excuse herself for a quick cigarette outside. She did ask if its ok with me and as i came out from the shower she enters to greet me and rinse her mouth with listerine. Session started with DFK each other followed by a fantastic BBBJ with a mixture of titty fucking (a first for me) and what a sight.

Next we went back to the bed where we continue kissing and i proceed to go down on her. (her pussy is trimmed) This went on for a while before i request for a condom and the first position was cowgirl, she is really passionate as we had to reposition the bed after it moved a bit. What followed next was missionary and a bit of doggy, I was tired and a bit stressed from work so i had to take a break mid way. Jessi really enjoys sex as she encourage me to go again but i had to take a break. 

We took a break and chatted not long before we star again with BBBJ and titty fuck again. Unfortunately i wasn't able to cum as i was tired and stressed so i reassured her that it wasn't her fault. We look at the time and i was way over and offered to pay her a bit more. Quick shower an i left happy.

ps. she advertise she is a squirter and genuinely is but i just want able to push the right buttons. also check her twitter out as she doesn't advertise often and i believe have her regulars that she is happy with.

I will definitely be back again in the future for the fantastic bbbj.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 6th June 2017, 10:51 AM
Poster ID: BuddyBaker
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
The first post says Parramatta but recent post is southwest Sydney.  Any chance you can narrow that down to a suburb?

Thanks,

BB


Floor: #4
Post Time: 6th June 2017, 12:20 PM
Poster ID: jono87
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
When she was in Parramatta she was touring. Now she is permanent in Sydney. When I saw her at her own residence it's near Liverpoool area. Not going to be too specific as I'm not sure that's where she normally see her client during her regular hours.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 23rd June 2017, 05:23 PM
Poster ID: Stanleylovesmilfs
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : jessi

Establishment : private

Date of Visit : 19/6
Delicious BBW with GG Cup breasts. Loves anal & PSE!!! - Sydney escorts - cracker.com.au
Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 

Hours of Business : 9-3pm? By appt

Rates : $350 per hour

Age : mid-late 20's

Size/shape : bbbw 18+

Nationality or Ethnicity : cauc-Aussie

Services Provided : dfk, bbbj, daty, gfe/pse 

Value for money/recommend? : no

My experience/comments : Easy to contact and book, address is a house in suburbia near Liverpool. Enthusiastic fuck, although it was somewhat limited by her size. Some bigger girls aren't as athletic as some and positions can be limited. Best position was mish, her bbbj was great and she liked her butthole played with. Not a bad root, but not worth $350 per hour. her pics on cracker I didn't think represented her properly.


