Thread Title: JessyDee - Harris Park - 0406 724 349
Floor: #1
Post Time: 8th June 2015, 09:32 PM
Poster ID: gim
Post Title: 
 JessyDee - Harris Park - 0406 724 349
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : JessyDee

Establishment : Private Unit

Date of Visit : 1st June 2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0406 724 349 / Appears on cracker under Parramatta Escort

Hours of Business : Unknown

Rates : $250.00 Per Hour

Age : 38

Size/shape : BBW

Nationality or Ethnicity :  Aussie

Services Provided : CBJ / Anal / Prostate Massage

Value for money/recommend? : Not for me

My experience/comments : Due to health and financial reasons I haven't been able to do much punting over the past two years except for occasional visits with known regulars. Now back working full time and looking to expand on my punting experiences I found her add on cracker  and thought her photos and description looked interesting. 

She was easy to contact and came over very friendly on the phone. An appointment was arranged and she gave me the address to a small unit block in a quiet street in Harris Park. On arrival I rang her again and she gave me the unit number which is on the top floor and there is another unit on the same level and the entrances are next to each other, which can be a bit off putting, but she was waiting for me with her door half open so there was no need to knock or ring a door bell. Unfortunately on entry things went a bit pear shaped for me.

Some of the photos in her add are fake and those that are of her were taken sometime ago because she has really piled on some kilos. Now I don't mind a BBW and have seen several in the past but I wasn't looking for one on this occasion but I had already popped a Cialis so was feeling horny and decided to stay. Her unit is clean and tidy but she does have a small dog that stays in the bedroom during the session.

After showering I entered the bedroom and she instructed me to lie on the bed and she proceeded with a CBJ. There was no kissing to get things started and when she was giving me the CBJ I was only allowed to finger her pussy but not her arse which considering she was offering anal didn't seem to make sense but I obliged with her request and only fingered her pussy. At one stage she stopped sucking me and knelt next to me playing with my cock and said I could suck her tits. Now her tits are big but she has virtually no nipples so that wasn't a turn on at all. 

At this point I asked for sex and she put on the condom and assumed the doggy position and I stood behind her and fucked her pussy and her arse both of which felt really tight - in fact they both felt kind of the same. Anyway I pounded for some time but couldn't cum but I think that was more to do with the Cialis than anything else. After awhile she asked me if I wanted to try another position so we tried missionary with more pounding with no result so we agreed to take a small break. During the break we had a nice conversation but at no time did I feel any sort of connection.

After the break she started with another CBJ and I was hard again so we had another go at arse and pussy fucking but I still couldn't cum. She got me to lie on the bed and started giving me a hand job which wasn't working either so I suggested she give me a prostate massage so she put a condom on one finger and proceeded to finger me and pull my cock at the same time and bingo I did cum but I still had a condom on so the finale wasn't all that great.

In some ways the girl was quite accommodating with offering anal sex and prostate massage but I did feel a bit ripped off when she wasn't really the girl in the ad and she didn't kiss and only offered CBJ.

Not the worst punt I have ever had and others who see her could have a totally different experience but I won't be seeing her again


Floor: #2
Post Time: 8th June 2015, 10:08 PM
Poster ID: nextlif
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hi Gim. Can you confirm you saw this lady in Sydney? We have a thread for her in WA


Floor: #3
Post Time: 9th June 2015, 06:29 PM
Poster ID: gim
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by nextlife


Hi Gim. Can you confirm you saw this lady in Sydney? We have a thread for her in W
"""



Definitely saw her at Harris Park. Her cracker ad doesn't have a name. The heading is Parramatta Escort but the ad ends with something like - Come and have fun with me "JessyDee" so I used that as the title for my review.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 9th June 2015, 07:03 PM
Poster ID: whiteywhite
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Parramatta escort $250hr including anal - Sydney escorts - cracker.com.au





			
				hanks for showing interest in my add. 
I am a size 12, Long blonde Hair, Green eyed, 5ft 8, DD cup beach tanned babe. Friendly but a bit naughty is the feeling most people get from me, which comes naturally of course. I actually love my job and am not in it for the quick easy cash.... I aim to build a regular clientele.
I am situated in a private discreet residence. I cater for first timers and also consider specific requests, or extras you might have such as ANAL fantasy, STRAP ON Golden shower... ect. at an additional $50 for each. So come on and give me a call and experience a genuine exciting time with me **JessyDee** 
30mins $150 full service
45mins. $200. Full service
60mins $250 full service with anal> 
Over night from 10pm to Morning $800 bookings buy 6pm
Outcall $300hr min, then $150 hr there after

NO PRIVATE NUMBERS
xoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxo

Phone: 0406724349 Please read my add then give me a call everybody else has
Poster's age: 38

• Location: West Sydney, Harris Park

• Post ID: 6620072 sydney


