Thread Title: Jess -  Berala - 0401 781 583
Floor: #1
Post Time: 27th December 2016, 11:13 PM
Poster ID: Donjon
Post Title: 
 Jess -  Berala - 0401 781 583
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Jess

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : Late october

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0401781583 - http://sydney.locanto.com.au/ID_1036...e-sex-toy.html

Hours of Business : Don't know, met her around 6pm

Rates : 150/40mins

Age : in late 30's

Size/shape : slim, athletic build

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : GFE, BBJ

Value for money/recommend? : NO 

My experience/comments : 

Saw her ad on locanto, 150/40mins seems reasonable to my budget. Booking was quite easy within 4 text messages. She sent few pics from some other number with a message "I'm waiting for you, darling!" - Funny

Place was easy to reach from Berala, just few mins drive. Parking is a bit difficult, but luckily got a free spot at the adjacent street. Ringed her from infront of the house and she opened the door without showing her face. Went inside and her body slim and face is not so pretty. She is quite tall almost reaching my height 6ft.

She taken me inside another room which looks like a dumpster and her dog followed us to the room. There was a small pathway from door to the bed and rest of the room was covered with used clothes, boxes and what not, smells really bad too.

Asked for passionate GFE with BBJ which she obliged. Gave 150$, she chased the dog outside of the room and asked me to strip. She removed her long vintage night gown in no time and no undies. She got small boobs, solid build, very athletic body which I like. She told me that she was a sports women(swimming) before. Johny already excited. Lied on the bed and everything from there is downhill to become worst punt in my books.

She put my already hardon johny into her mouth slurp a bit(few seconds), pull it out, talk all the shit for a minute and again start from the first - slurp -> pull -> talk shit. I told her few times to continue BBJ but she seems to be forgetten in no time. She speaks the same stuff over and over again - repeatedly. I was expecting a passionate gfe and this is no where near to that.

I want to end this quickly so asked to get on top. Dom on she was on top and started grinding heavily which is more of hurting than pleasurable. She seems to be out of mind for few secs and back to normal after some time. She said "I have the tightest pussy and I'll make u cum in seconds". Sure I did cum in ~30 secs(record time, not bragging). Cleaned up and when I was about to get up she offered massage. I thought to try after a disappointing fuck. She run her hand over my back and started talking again. She told she can bring her gf for 3some which I already know how its going to end. In few mins I politely ask her to stop, dressed up, rushed out of the house. She don't stop talking about all the shit in her life till I exit the main door.

Overall, dud punt. Very robotic experience. Sorry I have to say this, she seems to be abnormal(drunk or something else don't know).

A definite NO.


