Thread Title: Jinny - Blacktown - 0420 237 144
Floor: #1
Post Time: 21st October 2017, 06:13 PM
Poster ID: the_0znav1gat0r
Post Title: 
 Jinny - Blacktown - 0420 237 144
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jinny

Establishment : Private near Blacktown Station

Date of Visit : 21/10/17

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :
???Sexy Hot thai girl is available for u ; )??? - Australia escorts - cracker.com.au

Hours of Business : Midday to 9.30pm

Rates : $100 for half, $170 for hour

Age : 22 according to the add but probably a bit older is my guess

Size/shape : About size 6 with natural B cup 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : CBJ. DATY, Full service and massage

Value for money/recommend? : OK

My experience/comments : This add is regularly on cracker and appears to be a group of Thai girls working from the same unit, as the photos change but the number doesn't. The photos on this occasion are definitely Jinny who works Saturdays only.

I have wanted to try one of these Thai girls for a while and today the opportunity presented itself. A quick phone call and a meeting was easily arranged. Parking was relatively easy being a Saturday.

Arrived at the unit and met by the lady in the photos. Finances out of the way and was offered a shower. Bathroom was clean.

Returned to the bedroom where Jinny joined me on the bed and started to stoke my cock and get me hard. Shortly after rolled on the dom and began a CBJ. After a while we moved into 69 position so I could pay some attention to her trimmed pussy. Enjoyed the DATY and strayed a couple of times to the backdoor to test the waters - didn't seem to mind but also didn't offer encouragement either so decided not to pursue it this time.

It was then time for the main event, so we switched to missionary and I slid into her pussy. A nice relaxed rhythm was established until blowing in the bag.

Sex was followed by a nice relaxing massage of my back and legs until time was up.

Overall an enjoyable experience with a couple of reservations. First was our session was accompanied by Jinny playing Hip Hop on her phone. Now it may appeal to some but it is not my cup of tea and detracted from the session a bit. Second was there was no offer of a second shot in my hour booking. It has been my experience with other girls that an hour session will generally include 2 shots but I have noticed that this is not always the case. I usually like to get 2 shots away in an hour session, so this was disappointing as well. Maybe it is time to establish what is on offer before the session starts rather than just going with the flow.

Overall a decent encounter with the slight reservations I have mentioned. Jinny has a nice body but is a bit younger than I usually prefer.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 30th October 2017, 03:35 PM
Poster ID: james31
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hi mods

I would suggest that this review and others involving the thai girls in Blacktown get merged with the thread I started a while ago ( see link )

Basically the ad runs regularly on cracker for thai girls in Blacktown and it is a group of girls that rotate all working from the same apartment, they use two telephone numbers in the ads but they always work from the same address.

thanks


https://auxxxreviews.com/forum/f100/...5-562-a-47968/


