Thread Title: Jinsoo - Parramatta - 0413 426 081
Floor: #1
Post Time: 6th December 2016, 01:13 PM
Poster ID: josh18
Post Title: 
 Jinsoo - Parramatta - 0413 426 081
				
Post Content: 
Name : Jinsoo 

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : Nov 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : ???I'm ready now baby 27yo parramatta .from$80?? - Sydney escorts - cracker.com.au

Hours of Business : Visitied around 8am but not sure if she works every day or reliably because her ad does not appear often.

Rates : [COLOR=rgb(0, 0, 0)]$100/30 $200/1hour[/COLOR]

Age : Early 30s

Size/shape : Short. Enchanced D cups, slim, long hair, ok face

Nationality or Ethnicity : Korean

Services Provided : Massage/FS

Value for money/recommend? : Worth trying

My experience/comments : Woke up early a few weeks ago and knew none of my regulars would be awake yet. Browsing locals on cracker gave me three options, none of which looked overly legit but being in the mood they all received texts. One replied and a time was arranged. Did not hold a great deal of hope because of her pictures but was happy to walk if she turned out to be a dud.

Place was easy to find but parking was a block away due to her building being very new and construction going on outside. After letting her know I had parked she called me and talked me through where to go. She was watching me out the window if this is important to peoples privacy relating to their cars.

Take the lift up and greeted at the door by a short, cute asian girl with blondeish hair. Nice, not out of proportion rack. Not walking today. Quite chatty and we talk about her cooking. It is korean food so I assume that her claimed nationality is correct.

Into the bedroom and work out gratuities. I opt for 30min massage to see what she is like. We strip down and get to business.. which is not a massage but breast/pussy play and touching. Her breasts are decently sized but probably not large enough for the spanish lovers out there. Her nipples are quite large and tasty so they are on the menu for a while. DATY

She doms me up and starts to blow me. I don't actually remember what this was like, however at this point I asked if two shots in 30min was ok, to which she replied something like "what about three"? lol ok. Sorted out the extra and went for fs. Round 1 was fast, she puts on the foam a little bit but not too offputting.. but then again it might just be the english barrier and she did enjoy it. After round 1 we relax on the bed for a while and she gets me up again. Round 2 is longer with more positions and again she seems to enjoy it, no complaining and overall a great attitude.

Been meaning to write this for a while but lost her number and ad link and only noticed her ad again today.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 23rd April 2017, 02:54 AM
Poster ID: videoboy
Post Title: 
 Jisoo - Parramatta - 0413 426081
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jisoo

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 23/04/17

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0413426081 -  ???NEW?NEW?I'm ready now baby 27yo parramatta .from$80?? - Sydney escorts - cracker.com.au

Hours of Business : By appointment

Rates : $80/20 mins, $100/30mins, $200/60mins


Age : approx. mid 40s

Size/shape : slightly chubby

Nationality or Ethnicity : Korean

Services Provided : Full service, covered BJ and sex

Value for money/recommend? : would not recommend

My experience/comments : 

Okay, so I put "would not recommend" because this is based solely on the fact that the pictures and description in the advertisement do not match her in real life at all, but I wouldn't write her off completely. The only reason I went to her was because I was up after midnight and I didn't know any other places that were open. Most other privates were closed and she was the only one who responded. I get to the address she gave me "1A Morton St Parramatta" and then she tells me to keep walking down the street to 6A Morton. Her english isn't the best so there was a bit of confusion in her directions. I finally get to her apartment and she is at least 40 years old, her body is... I wouldn't say out of shape, she's just wrapped in small layers of fat that one gets through the years, but her boobs still look and feel great - natural. Her face is quite old looking too, she has bags under her eyes. I wasn't too impressed with her looks. The apartment is brand new. The bedroom only has a double mattress that lays on the floor. The floor itself is covered by some sort of tarp (I noticed one particular stain when she turned on the lights at the end of the session). 

Once I did the usual routine of washing up in the shower, she got me to lay down on the mattress. She started off stroking my penis and balls with the back of her hand and letting her nails lightly scratch across the surface, it made my cock feel tingly and excited. Next, she put the condom on and started giving me a BJ. This old bird definitely has some skills. The way she was sucking, even with the condom on, felt moist and slippery. I feel like she could have definitely made me cum from oral, which is a rare thing for me. The BJ was probably the highlight for me. 

After what felt like a few minutes (a song's worth maybe?), she pokes her head up and asks me "want to fuck?". I say yes, as my cock is so hard from her BJ it's pulsating. She puts some lube into her pussy and starts to ride me cowgirl style. She pumps me in mid paced rhythms, it felt kinda robotic. After a few minutes, I grab her ass and start to pound away from the bottom position. I wouldn't say her pussy is tight but it's still got enough grip to do the job. She hugs me as I pound her and squeezes her tits against me. At this point, I tell her I want to get on top. She pops off, takes another dab of lube and then lays down. I stick myself in from the missionary position and she starts moaning "fuck me". This is my preferred position so I keep pumping away until I cum. The sex was okay, not great. 

So although I say "would not recommend" because she definitely lied on her advertisement, I still walked away satisfied from that BJ. So, I don't know... maybe if I'm in a pickle and can't find anyone else available, I might just go back for the BJ.


