Thread Title: Jordan - Chatswood - 0467 774 830
Floor: #1
Post Time: 2nd March 2016, 03:42 PM
Poster ID: Fuzzynuts
Post Title: 
 Jordan - Chatswood - 0467 774 830
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jordan Milla

Establishment : Private Chatswood

Date of Visit : Feb 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : http://sydney.locanto.com.au/ID_7297...ne-Photos.html

Hours of Business : whenever?

Rates : $200/30, $300/60

Age : Says 28, prob closer to 40

Size/shape : curvy maybe size 12?

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie with maybe some Mediterranean background

Services Provided : FS, CBJ, kissing, massage

Value for money/recommend? : Probably not

My experience/comments : 
Have seen Jordan's ad on Locanto for a while (see even has a premium ad that's always on the front page of search results), but surprised to see no reviews.
So I TOFTT, and made booking. She is a sole operator running out of a small apartment along Victoria avenue, a lot of privates I've seen lately have a pimp take all the calls and bookings, but when you ring, it's her.
First impressions were, wow, you must be really photogenic. She's not ugly or anything, but the pics look glam whereas she is just girl/woman next door. She's also heavier and older than she looks in the photos.
Getting naked she has a big arse and big boobs, but with a bit of a flabby tummy which isn't the greatest. She starts off on top doing a routine which was going nowhere, then puts on the dom for CBJ. This was ok and served it's purpose.
Now aroused we flipped over so I could go mish. Fucking felt great and it's always good to have a pair of big tits to admire and play with while fucking.
This was getting me where I wanted to be so slowed down a bit, then rolled over for doggy. A bit more fun then I though I'd get her to finish me by hand. The hand-job was average but I blew a big wad and felt great.
Finish up was a massage, shower then out the door. At $200 it was expensive for what you get. Much better looking and younger girls around for the same or less money.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 3rd March 2016, 08:16 AM
Poster ID: unclepj
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks for taking a bullet Fuzzy you have saved me some cash!
She looks good in the pics but as always Buyer Beware


Floor: #3
Post Time: 3rd March 2016, 10:21 AM
Poster ID: chimera
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Advertising 28 when real age is 40


Floor: #4
Post Time: 4th March 2016, 08:19 PM
Poster ID: Waldo
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I must admit I have been watching this one for a few months and wondering what was wrong. Why no reviews and prices fluctuating like she been try hard to gather business.

But someone who is prominent on backpage and locanto yet no reviews seemed strange.

Well now we know why. She is over priced, overweight, over aged and over and out.

Thanks Fuzzy for doing that ground work.

Her advert made her look great with a really tempting rack.

W


