Thread Title: Jordan Fox - Bondi Junction - 0423 037 907
Floor: #1
Post Time: 6th January 2019, 08:07 AM
Poster ID: babyshanks
Post Title: 
 Jordan Fox - Bondi Junction - 0423 037 907
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jordan Fox

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : December 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.escortsandbabes.com.au/P...t/JordanFox22/ 

Phone :0423037907

Hours of Business : Met at night

Rates : 500ph

Age : Late 20s

Size/shape : Slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : BBBJ, kissing , DATY

Value for money/recommend? : Nope, unless you like that sort of thing.

My experience/comments : I saw Jordan advertise a while ago and tried to get a hold of her then but we couldn't make it align. Managed to see her a few nights ago. Her pictures are accurate, her face is a little wider than her pics but her last two pics are really of her. I came in, showered, we sat on the bed and chatted and I could tell she was on something (I assumed coke) but I didn't really care as she started to give me a great blowjob. I then got on top of her to fuck. This is when the experience started going south for me. I put my dick inside her and I swear to the gods I didn't even know I was in. I couldn't feel anything, the inside of her vagina was so loose it was like a pocket of air. Luckily I was very horny and blew my load in a few seconds (standard).

Anyway, I rolled over and she was clearly keen for another go as those valuable few seconds she experienced with me were somehow not enough. She was sucking me off very nicely but I just couldn't get hard so soon afterwards, so we had a cigarette. Now, I brushed off the loose vag and the cocaine, nothing I can't handle I thought, the girl likes to party! But now I had spent a little time with her I could tell she was definitely high and I don't think it's cocaine. Turns out she was high on meth as she pulled out the crack pipe and started smoking it right next to me, and she asked if I wanted to try. It was a new low in my life to fuck an actual crack whore. A lot of thoughts went through my mind, but the damage was done. I had daty'd her air pocket, she had bbbj'd my 2 second wonder, but at least we had fucked with a dom. Fuck it, may as well get the full hour! I fucked her again.

She was just as loose as before, I just wanted to blow my load and gtfo. Which is what I did. It's not my type of thing, and spending $500 I'd expect someone a little higher class. Off to the STI clinic tomorrow, and probably my last working lady for a while.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 6th January 2019, 10:11 AM
Poster ID: exmelpunter
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
A super loose fanny is better knows as a "wizards sleeve"


Floor: #3
Post Time: 6th January 2019, 03:23 PM
Poster ID: aabro10
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
When I click the link provided it redirects to scarlet blue for a different girl? Think the hyperlink is incorrectly setup.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 6th January 2019, 04:25 PM
Poster ID: mikej
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
https://www.escortsandbabes.com.au/P...t/JordanFox22/


Floor: #5
Post Time: 6th January 2019, 04:34 PM
Poster ID: Stroke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by mikej


https://www.escortsandbabes.com.au/P...t/JordanFox22
"""



link updated


