Thread Title: Jordan - touring Parramatta
Floor: #1
Post Time: 9th December 2016, 07:30 PM
Poster ID: novak
Post Title: 
 Jordan - touring Parramatta
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jordan

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : Dec 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Last night in Sydney 9th (Parramatta) Jordan. Horny enthusiastic young blonde blue eyes n DDs. ?? - Sydney escorts - backpage.com

Hours of Business : Not sure

Rates : $300 to $400 ph

Age : mid to late 20's

Size/shape : 10-12 busty

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : GFE, FS, BBBJ, DFK, DATY

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : 

Saw the above ad a few days ago and was curious since she was in my area (Parramatta). Initial contact is via the reply button on the ad, she chats only via e-mail at first, she's happy to provide a couple of photos. Turns out she was pretty attractive and that got me interested. She offered 200 for half hour and 300 for the hour and that was just for standard service. I wanted DFK and BBBJ and she said she's very selective with whom she offers her "GFE" and needed to see a photo of me. I sent her one and she immediately responded with a green light and the FS with all the extras I wanted for $400 so I decided to take a punt. More details were shared including her number... which she only gives out if she feels comfortable after a few e-mails. Technically she's not a WL, just a country girl from out of town visiting family making a little extra cash. She certainly has that hot girl next door vibe.

She works from one of the tall residential tower blocks, easy to get to. After a while trying to find the entrance, I was finally making my way up the lifts and soon I was let in after a polite knock on the door. First impressions, she's hot, typical blue eyed blonde, large DD tits filling out her bra. She's not very slim, she's a little curvy without being 'fat'. She led me to the lounge asked me to have a seat, I gave her the cash and she went into one of the rooms to secure it. Upon her returning, a funny thing happened, she sat next to me, slouched back and closed her eyes like she was falling asleep... "ummm ok missy, I can come back later or tomorrow if you're feeling jaded and tired", she smiled back at me and with a giggle said she had just smoked a joint lol and that everything is fine. With that she got up and led me to the bedroom and it was all fun fun fun from there on.

Her kissing, closed lips at first soon blossomed to full on DFK, our hands roaming everywhere. She undressed me, told me to lie back and after laying kisses on my thighs and groin, started a lovely BBBJ which I let her do for ages. She loves sucking cock, nothing unnatural with the way she exhibited her enthusiasm, plenty of eye contact, moans and smiles.

My turn and we switched positions where I went to town on her pussy which was already fairly wet. She allowed fingers inside as I played with her G-spot, all this time she was playing with her boobs. 

I think I had only about 10 minutes remaining after a lengthy foreplay session, so eventually I dommed up and we fucked in missionary till I came.

It's her last night in Parramatta, she returns back home somewhere down past the south coast so get in while you can. I found her refreshingly beautiful, friendly and sensual, and very unlike normal and a little contrived punts. She said she will return in a few months time so I will definitely see her again.

Screenshot of ad before it disappears:

pm


