Thread Title: Juliette London - Sydney - 0466 981 088
Floor: #1
Post Time: 5th April 2012, 06:28 AM
Poster ID: pauldog
Post Title: 
 Juliette London - Sydney - 0466 981 088
				
Post Content: 
Service Provider's Name: Juliette London 							
Session Month: October 							
Session Year: 2011 							
Type of Service: Private Escort 							
Advertised Hourly Rate (Pick closest): $500 							
Location where session took place: New South Wales 							
Session Day: Weekday 							
Session Time: Evening 							
Estimated Age: 31 - 35
Hair Colour: Black 							
Hair Length: Medium
Eyes Colour: Brown 							
Skin Colour: Tanned 
Height: Tall - Above 170 cm / 5'7"  							
Body Shape: Athletic 							
Kissing Available: Yes, DFK (Deep French Kissing) 							
Blowjob: Yes 							
DATY / Oral On Her: Yes 							
Overall Looks: Very pretty 							
Overall Personality: Lovely 							
Overall Performance: Fantastic time

After a  couple of years of ménage a trois celibacy my wife (S) and I decided we  would like to spend an evening with a beautiful woman, one who would  primarily be there for S's pleasure and satisfaction. Whilst we had  other options I felt meeting someone new would be good for both of us  and would give the evening even more spice.

I  asked here on PP for recommendations from anyone and was lucky enough  to have replies from a number of the gorgeous ladies herein and a reply  from one of the guys also. Thank you to the ladies for extending your  invitations and for intuitively knowing what I was after – a lady who is  truly bisexual and who would focus on S's needs and desires. Thank you  to the gentleman who struck up a conversation with me and offered some  great insights based on his experiences.

After  a bit of consideration and some discussion with S we decided to meet  with Juliette London, a great decision I have to say. Prior to making a  firm choice I had been in email contact with Juliette and was fairly  sure from this brief contact, based on the tone of her email, that she  would be the one to turn a great evening into a fantastic night. Even  though I was approaching her initially with only a tentative day, time  and venue her response was positive and easygoing and I knew that this  attitude would translate into a relaxed time for all. Juliette's reply  when I actually confirmed everything was one of such excitement and  eagerness that I thought I may even get locked out of the bedroom! It  was reassuring, to me, that she seemed genuinely pleased to be included  and excited at the prospect of the night to come.

The  evening arrived as did Juliette, on time and ravishing. Due in part to  the sensual nature of both women and in part to Juliette's intelligence  and easygoing nature the girls hit it off right from the first moment.  It was as though they were old friends from way back and the  conversation was light and easy and just flowed. At the right time  Juliette guided the evening so that things smoothly progressed from  Champagne and chocolate coated strawberries to kissing, caressing and  removing each other's clothes.

Bedroom antics ensued for the next three hours…

Overall  the evening was too short but perfect in every other respect; truth be  told the evening would have been too short had it lasted a week. S  prefers a GFE when with another woman and this was exactly what she got.  The ladies enjoyed each other, mind and body and even made time for me!  Juliette provided us with a perfect evening based on what I discussed  with her via email but also based on what she felt at the time was right  for the moment. 

I  will finish by saying that whether you and your partner have had a  threesome before or if you are both looking for your first foray into  this sensual/sexual style of adventure Juliette is someone I would  absolutely recommend as the "other woman". Whilst she has some great  reviews, one on one as well as in a threesome, they are very sexual  reviews and I feel that Juliette's sensuality has been overlooked and  she certainly turned that on for S and I. It's that sensuality that  turned us on immensely and made the evening very memorable indeed.

Thank you Juliette and we will see you again, soon!

Disclaimer - I have previously posted this elsewhere but it is relevant here and as I am new thought I should post this here also.


