Thread Title: Juliet (Russian) - Sydney - 0468 322 515
Floor: #1
Post Time: 12th August 2011, 07:19 PM
Poster ID: waverton
Post Title: 
 Juliet (Russian) - Sydney - 0468 322 515
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Juliet

Establishment : N/A

Date of Visit : 12/8/11

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 

Hours of Business :  

Rates : 550/h

Age : 23

Size/shape : b

Nationality or Ethnicity : Euro

Services Provided : GFE/PSE

Value for money/recommend? : HELL YES

My experience/comments : Young Beautiful Brunette - Play with me this weekend - Sydney | Escort / adult | Erotic | Cracker

Young Beautiful Brunette - Play with me this weekend

Mob: 0468322515


I would like to share with you a session today – I was feeling like something a little extra after a very nice tax return. I was checking the cracker ads an come across Juliet – after a couple of emails and a phone call I set up meeting in a CBD hotel Juliet moved from behind the door dressed in a black bra, micro black leather skirt with black soft leather thigh high books with stiletto heels, in the boots she was about my height (5'8"), cute face, absolute spinner, shoulder length brown hair, nice boobs (B cups according to Cracker) and a wicked wicked body. You can tell this girl is a dancer, you can bounce quarters off her ass ;-)

Came out of the shower, she told me to have a good wash. I came out of the shower and we started off by offering me a drink, then onto the couch for a bit of a real chat, it really felt like a GFE. So it starts by Juliet giving me a wicked lap dance, she starts to rub me through my clothes and disrobe. This girl can grind like a champion. Pants come off, a I settle back and get a wicked natural blow job. Wow… the girl is "fierce", she was swallowing my cock like no other girl I have ever experienced, it was unbelievable. It was great, I gave her the tap, and I blew my load all over her sweet little chest… What a great first 10 minutes.. You can tell that this girl loves sex. 
I head to the bedroom after going to the bathroom to clean myself up, Juliet is waiting – she sits me on the foot of the bed and just starts sucking me again. No conversation, no encouragement, no hand on the back of the head… this girl know what to do. She starts with another round of BBJ. Wow (again), I then notice she is licked my balls, my gouch, and then yes… rimming me like an absolute expert. Again this girl is like Michelangelo down there, and my ass was the Sistine Chapel. She alternates between oral and rimming, I could not really saw no to this… WOW… After 15 minutes, I had enough of this, I needed her pussy, what a tight little pussy, I think I lasted about 4 pumps… but I knew I would be back. 

Again go to the bathroom clean up and again she is waiting for me, never had a such a great lunch break and I was only 40 minutes down. I think well she must be tired, I have popped twice, and really need to start thinking about work again. Well Juliet had other idea's again starts with the Oral and Rimming. How can I complain, it was terrific, but I was thinking about work… thinking about work lasted about 2 minutes, when you have this girl on your shaft, well you forget everything. After 5 minutes the General is back to attention and I am going give her more than 4 pumps. On with the dom, and after my first two rounds I am unsure about a third, but I figure what the hell. I start out slowly, but I know that I need some more intensity. Well basically I more to doggy, grab her hips and start building up steam. WOW she is tight… this is great. I start to really get into it, Juiet starts pushing back and telling me to fuck her harder… Wow this out of a mouth of a little angel. Well got very physical and was a great fuck. Blew my load, took me a little over the hour. Shit I was late, threw on my clothes and said thanks, and was running to work. 
While I was sitting at my desk, I could smell the sex on me. Wow great memories.

In conclusion – it was an interesting lunch – cost $550 for a bit over an hour –I thought it was good value. Would I see her again – yes? It is sometimes be the first to jump in, she told me that she was new to escorting. 

Sorry for the long post – but it was a was so much fun


Venue - 8/10 – hotel room 

Body – 9/10 – great great body 

Value – 9/10 –Wow, and an absolute dynamite spinner

Sex: - 10/10

BBJ: - 10/10

Experience – 9/10


Floor: #2
Post Time: 13th August 2011, 04:15 PM
Poster ID: hard
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by waverton


Person's Name : Juliet....  Again this girl is like Michelangelo down there, and my ass was the Sistine Chapel
"""



Pure art in prose. Love it!!!

Nice review waverton... sounds like a hottie and clearly worth the big $.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 13th August 2011, 04:43 PM
Poster ID: BadAussieBoy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
From her Cracker ad:

Hi Guys, 

My friends say that I'm really sweet, pretty and look like a beach babe...but don't let that fool you into thinking that I'm not a playful sexy girl in the bedroom. I love having sex in lots of positions and being adventurous. I'm pretty laid back and like to enjoy myself...hope you're up for it. 

I like to wear pretty party dresses and sexy lingerie. I have brown hair and a gorgeous toned body in a size 6. I like to keep fit with dancing and running. I have pert B cup breasts. I have beautiful toned legs, tanned skin and a HOT toned tight arse! I can assure you that when you open the door...You will NOT be disappointed!! 

I like to enjoy myself all the time, so if you want to see me, you are guaranteed to have a fun time. I do cater for fantasies so please let me in on your secrets (depending on fantasy, some charges may apply).If you are looking mutually satisfying yet uncomplicated experience with a fun-loving, extremely sensual companion, you have come to the right place 

xoxo, 

Juliet 

1hr - $550 
Longer bookings can be negotiated 

Outcalls to Sydney CBD Hotels 

ALL PENETRATIVE S$X IS PROTECTED. I do not OFFER @N@L/GR$$K. 
Please call on unblocked number/ not private/withheld 

Affectionate / Passionate Kissing 
Dinner Dates 
Cuddling and Touching 
Striptease 
Head & Foot Massage 
Sexy Lingerie 
Toys and / or Strap-Ons 
Mutual Masturbation 
Couples 
Spanking Light 
Mutual French 
2 girls / 1 guy 
Shower for Two 
Variety of Positions 
Full body massage 
GFE 
Costumes and Role Play 
Rimming (extra) 
PSE (extra) 
Domination (extra)


