Thread Title: Julie - Sydney CBD - 0414397015
Floor: #1
Post Time: 14th October 2016, 06:06 AM
Poster ID: pauldog
Post Title: 
 Julie - Sydney CBD - 0414397015
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Julie

Establishment : Private Outcall

Date of Visit : Sept 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : http://sydney.cracker.com.au/FemaleE...busty/17639024  - 0414397015

Hours of Business : It was late! 

Rates : 250p/h 300 for outcall

Age : Says 24 but is probably 44

Size/shape : Size 12 and busty but not the pics (or the pics are very old pics)

Nationality or Ethnicity : Ad says Malaysian but PDog says PRC

Services Provided : FS, BJ

Value for money/recommend? : Not Really - YMMV

My experience/comments : It was late (around 1130pm), I was alone in a Sydney CBD hotel and browsing Cracker. I saw the tits and read the blurb and thought ok do some checks and see. So I googled the phone number, searched on Auxxx and reverse imaged the pics - no hits on all 3 counts so thought TOFTT. Quick text, even quicker reply - are the pics really you? Yes, me. Busty? Yes, busty! How much for an outcall? $300. Ok come over.

No more than 20mins later Julie arrives (I will say she is prompt in her text and was at my hotel quite quickly) - as she walks in she answers her phone (security check I think) "Wei?" Now there are two things I know - Ni píjiǔ xièxiè and Wei - and they are Chinese terms not Malay. Also she was older than advertised by a long yard but she was busty. OK, I'll push on I decide. We both strip off and she proceeds to read my tattoos which are not written in Malay or even English, this lady is definitely Chinese! Or a multilingual Malaysian which in this case I doubt.

The sex was ok but very mechanical at first - she just wanted to give me a quick heady and then a fuck in mish and then leave. I took charge and made her lie down so I could enjoy her body a little, especially her tits which were quite big with great nipples. After a few minutes of playing with them I dommed up and fucked her mish then doggy then back to mish. She allowed me to really squeeze her tits quite hard and pull on her nipples. She was continually trying to get me to come with her urgings and I deliberately tried not to. Overall we foreplayed for about ten mins and fucked for about fifteen. Then I filled the rubber, she got dressed and left - so short changed me on the hour but I didn't really want her to hang around either as there was certainly no connection.

Julie is just your average, older, Chinese sex worker so if that's your type go for it. If the pics are real they are 20 years old and the description on cracker is part BS part stretching the truth (read two parts BS) - I am 24 (44 at least) sexy (opinion so I'll let it slide but not imho) Malaysian (Chinese) with curvaceous (hmmmm can't help but have curves when you are carrying a bit of weight and no muscle so ok) size 6 (size 12 at least) figure and a busty (Yes!)  natural (not natural as I could feel the implants) and soft sensitive 38E cup (Yes although they couldn't be too sensitive as Julie let me go fairly hard on them). 

Anyway you get the picture.


