Thread Title: Julie and June (Chinese sisters) Sydney CBD - 0406 182 838
Floor: #1
Post Time: 14th May 2016, 11:01 PM
Poster ID: Gmartster
Post Title: 
 Julie and June (Chinese sisters) Sydney CBD - 0406 182 838
				
Post Content: 
Person's Names : Julie and June

 Establishment : PWLs in city apartment 

 Date of Visit : 12/5/2016
 PWL in the city near Musuem Station and below is their advert from Cracker






THE NEW ARRIVAL SISTERS JUNE & JULIE! 

 INTRODUCTION FOR JULIE:

 JULIE is the older sister from China, 23 years old. 
 Busty, Friendly, Intelligent & soft girl.
 Naughty, playful and active will absolutely make you get hard & horny.

 Enjoys every moment with her lovers and always having the best attitude and service.

 HER SERVICE: Shower together, BJ in shower, Natural Oral, Tongue kissing, 69, Different pose sex as you like. 

 HER RATE: $160/30mins $260/1HR

 Also here is the YOUNGER SISTER JUNE:

 June- 20 years old from China, the younger sister of Julie.
 A very young and typical small & cute Asian girl. 
 Smooth watery skin with a small body is the best to cuddle with and easy to lift up.
 Friendly , Easy going in personality but sometimes lonely & horny needing your love.
 Loves someone who treats her nice and definitely enjoy the time spending with her lovers.

 HER SERVICE: Shower together, BJ in shower, Natural Oral, Tongue kissing, 69, Different pose sex as you like.

 HER RATE: $160/30mins $260/1hour

 TRY OUT their Premium DOUBLE service with pussy massage, 
 EXPERIENCE pussy massage that you have never tried before only for PREMIUM DOUBLE service 
 RATE: $500/hr or $350/30mins
 Price is not negotiable,
 Special rate will ONLY stay for one week! Please text 0406 182 838 for bookings! 




Firstly to the ad and what's offered and the girls themselves:
Julie is not busty - a slightly saggy B cup at best (she has had a baby and has some stretch marks and a bit of a belly) and definitely no tongue or any kissing
June is the bustier of the two - a good C cup with nice large suck able nipples - again, no kissing 
The pictures in Cracker are them

Both girls were not shaved - no great bush but not bald either and only June seemed willing to show her crack unless we were changing root positions. 
Neither has really any English - bookings done through text. The lady who greeted me at the bottom of the building might be (unlikely) mamasan however had great English and was rather cute - she should stay and watch and provide translation!!


The session:
We all stripped together and went to the shower. June (younger) washed my front and Julie did the rear and I was turned around so Julie could give me a BJ. Washed my cock and the around again and June sucked me. NB Julie is the better at the BBBJ skill. 

A bit more washing and then dried and went to the bed. 

Catbath by June as Julie went down on me again. Rather nice no rush BJ however I no intent on coming. Swapped and after wipe June sucked me. Some double handed HJ followed - the comments on cock size and their body sized suggested they would rather I blew this way but again not my intent. 

They then lubed their pussies and spread my arms out and rubbed their pussies on each arm - interesting I guess albeit no great sexual stimulation for me. More lube and then pussies rubbed along my thighs - now getting better and rubbing my cock at the same was starting to really get me going so I asked to fuck


Debate ensued between them as to who was going to do a/the fuck and June seemingly 'lost the toss'!! Dommed me and with lots of lube I then pushed in slowly in cowgirl. After usual pained Asian face she actually started to get into a quite nice rhythm. Rolled over for missionary and after a good now reasonably vigorous root surprisingly Julie said it was her turn before I had come. 


Changed doms (ladies, get some bigger sizes please !!) and then started fucking Julie missionary. I suggested doggie (hand signals) and Julie rolled over flat on her tummy with her legs spread so I lay down on her and fucked thus way for a while. All through fucking Julie she seemed in pain at my size so I suggested fucking June again. 

This time no Dom change and with more lube I fucked her from behind again with her on her tummy. I could have cum this way but there was little visual and I decided we could remove the Dom and have some more sucking - not on their plans so it was a HJ (2 hands 2 girls) to completion


Again a joint shower which was 'pure clean up'


Summary:
Punting is just that - $500 way above my usual but nice to have two bodies paying me attention.  Overall for a double it was an 'just average' experience. June was the better root and prettier and seemed more keen so if I was to return (I am not but for fellow punters choice) I would pick June alone.


