Thread Title: Julia - Sydney CBD - 0488 501 564
Floor: #1
Post Time: 23rd January 2018, 03:13 PM
Poster ID: bigdickmalone
Post Title: 
 Julia - Sydney CBD - 0488 501 564
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Julia

Establishment : Private Home

Date of Visit : mid January 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :  0488501564

????????HOT ARGENTINA GIRL ?????? BIG ASS?? ????. Special couple discount ?? - Sydney escorts - backpage.com.au

Hours of Business : contact

Rates : $350 for the hour

Age : mid 20s

Size/shape : nice shape

Nationality or Ethnicity : Caucasian

Services Provided : CBJ, Mutual Oral, Sex, Massage

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

Comments: I came across her ad and she looked good. Contacting her was easy and we set up a date and time with the details of what i wanted discussed.
It was a hot Sunday and made my way to her place which is in the city. Which is easy to get to.
Upon reaching she buzzed me in and she greeted me at the door with a big hug. She is taller than average but I'm also tall so its good.

Have a quick chat and I head to the shower. 

When I emerge she is waiting for me on the big still wearing her clothes, she gets up and slowly strips and takes her dress off. She is very pretty with nice tonned body (she does have implants though) continuing to strip, I let my towel drop off and she then starts playing with my dick. 
The  condom goes on and she starts a very nice cbj whe good amount of hand and sucking action. 
Im super hard by now and the sight of her sucking is great. 
I then get her on the bed and cowgirl where she rides my dick. Few things beat the sight of a pretty girl riding the hell out of you. 
Switch position so that i can get a view or her ass. Its a nice firm butt and I hit it from the back till im about to cum where i then take off the condom and cum all over her back. Very nice.

Have a rest and a chat and the  resume. CbJ, cowgirl then this time finishing off with mish and  cumming on her stomach.

All in  all a very good session with everything but cimws. 

I left a happy man

Cheers,
Big D


Floor: #2
Post Time: 4th February 2018, 12:55 PM
Poster ID: jury
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Julia

Establishment : Private Home

Date of Visit : 1st Feb 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0488501564

????????LATINA GIRL ?????????? BIG ASS?? ????. Special couple discount ?? - Sydney escorts - cracker.com.au

Hours of Business : contact

Rates : $100 for 15 mins

Age : mid 20s

Size/shape : check cracker ad pics are her

Nationality or Ethnicity : Caucasian

Services Provided : CBJ, Sex

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

Comments:

Awesome value for me as i was looking for a quick lunchtime detour and Julia is smoking hot and works out of a nice, classy pad just east of the CBD, close to my work. 

Text comms were simple and easy, as were her directions once we'd set a time. 

Nothing much to say beyond that as it was a quick session so can't expect to build much rapport over 15 mins, but at $100 to fuck a hot young girl i'm not complaining!


Floor: #3
Post Time: 9th April 2018, 05:53 PM
Poster ID: russell2013
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Julia

Establishment : Private Home

Date of Visit : late feb 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0488501564

Hours of Business : contact

Rates : $250 30mins

Age : 20s

Size/shape : toned with enhanced boobs

Nationality or Ethnicity : Argentinian

Services Provided : CBJ, Mutual Oral, FS 

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

I saw her ad a long time ago but got bait and switched by her friend Alba(which turned out pretty good tho). I literally met her on her last day in Australia. Communication was easy and she gave me her room no. once I got to her building. 
She's as pretty as her photos and greeted me with a kiss. After a quick shower, she was waiting for me in the bedroom still dressed. I started to strip her and dfk while she was grabbing my dick. She's a great kisser and I was soon going down on her, followed by a 69 and her cbj was good, fingering was a no no tho.
We started the sex with some standing doggy while I was kissing her ear and squeezing her boob. This was followed by some reverse cowgirl and the sight of her riding me got me over the line. After another shower, while I was getting dressed, we talked a bit. This was her last day in Sydney and she was returning back to Barcelona. She did say she might come back. I told her I fucker her friend Alba and it's A shame that we didn't get to have a threesome.

Overall would definitely see her again if she returns


