Thread Title: Kara - Homebush West - 0478 768 635
Floor: #1
Post Time: 23rd August 2017, 12:32 PM
Poster ID: josh18
Post Title: 
 Kara - Homebush West - 0478 768 635
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Kara


Establishment : Private


Date of Visit : Mid August 2017


Contact Details/Address/Weblink : ?MILD2WILD?? 4For Party&Play??SexyAsianGirl ?Queen ofThe Rock?Ready 2b ur SLAVE 4my MASTER? - Sydney escorts - cracker.com.au


Hours of Business : Seems to be all hours


Rates : 


$150/ 30 Mins
$250/60 Mins
$450/ 120 Mins
$1,200/ The night


Age : 25. Looks roughly correct


Size/shape : Petite, slim, small cups, pretty face, gorgrous lips


Nationality or Ethnicity : Ad says Taiwan but i think Thai.


Services Provided : FS, massage


Value for money/recommend? : Yes


My experience/comments : Has been very quiet lately for me. No punts at all. The Parramatta private scene is toxic and have been staying away. But I still keep an eye on the regular sites.


Saw this ad pop up, originally with different photos that were (imo) better. Could not find any of them online. The current ad however is a different story, I can find them online but they still appear to be her so I am not sure what is going on. Either she found someone who is a splitting image of her, down to her nipples or has old photos she put online at some point floating around. Either way was a breath of fresh air in the western sydney fake photo deluge, and she was lucky the initial photos were not indexed anywhere.


Booking was easy at 6am which is why all hours is listed above. Turned up at her place near flemington station about an hour later. She greeted me at the door wearing a bikini and high heels. Was surprised to see the girl from the pics with quite a cute face and rather pouty, voluptuous lips.


She takes me by the hand and leads me to her bedroom. Offering me a drink which I decline. Into the shower for a quick freshen up. Upon returning to the bedroom kara is fully nude, sporting a cute looking shaved pussy. Nice.


We head to the bed and she motions to lie down and commences an adequate massage. I endure for a few minutes before rolling over to check out what was on offer with her straddling my mid. While her breasts were not large they had decent sucking nipples and were now right in front of my face so that was the order of the day for a while. Once both of them (and me) were nice and hard I pulled her face down and kissed her, she returned it with a little tongue. While this was going on my cock was brushing between her legs against her pussy lips. 


She proceeds to dom me up using her fingers (not mouth, I like this) and starts a decent covered blow job. Not super deep but a nice amount of variation. 


After a little bit of this I motioned her to swing around and we had some 69. She responded positively and was wet (not super) when she crawled off me. Obviously wanting to take control of the situation he got on top and lowered herself onto me before starting a slow rhythmic ride with some grinding. She was nice, tight and felt good on my shaft. Changed up positions with reverse cowgirl and me on top. Overall the service was good, the foam was not over the top (real? heh) and the sex was good.


After she gave me a massage for the remaining time. She was not too talkative upon arrival but chatted a bit after round one and I imagine would be more open on subsequent visits.. Overall cute package with great service and a good attitude in an area where I have had trouble finding these things.


