Thread Title: Karen Thompson - Sydney - 0431 714 069
Floor: #1
Post Time: 21st October 2011, 01:15 AM
Poster ID: glx30
Post Title: 
 Karen Thompson - Sydney - 0431 714 069
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Karen Thompson

Date of Visit : September 2011

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :   Karen,Sydey Escort Girl, Mature Escort, Mature Glamour Girl Australia, Sydney Mature

Hours of Business :    By appointment only, pls check her website

Rates :   $350 ph (same price for in-calls and out-calls in Sydney CBD)  

Age :   Mature 

Size/shape :   10-12? medium?

Nationality or Ethnicity :   Caucasian

Services Provided :   FS, BJ, massage

Value for money/recommend? :   Yes

My experience/comments : I was searching the Internet for my next adventure and have come across Karen's ad on Cracker and eventually her website. I've booked the appointment in advance via email and finally we met. Initially, I was a bid apprehensive as I could see the difference from the website photos. However, the price was in the ball park so I went ahead.
The big attraction was the promise of massage and, as I understood later, she delivers!!
Anyway, following the payment, we started some DFK and I went on the "journey of discovery" while removing her clothes.
We moved on to the bed and she took good care of me using her mouth and all other body parts women are gifted with...
The session was finished off with great massage. One hour passed very quickly, but I was completely satisfied (for the day ).
So if you guys manage your expectations, you will enjoy the service


Floor: #2
Post Time: 24th October 2011, 05:59 PM
Poster ID: james31
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hey GLX , I have had Karen in mind for a while her ad looks promising.  Did she do BBBJ or was it covered ?   A little more detail about your experience would be great.

thanks


Floor: #3
Post Time: 27th October 2011, 07:17 PM
Poster ID: glx30
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hi James, Yes, she provides BBBJ, but she does not make it obvious in some of her ads so may be she is/was selective? The ads on Cracker seem to be more explicit. The service was unrushed and I found her to be very accommodating (but everyone has its own understanding of this) and pleasant to be with. I think her professional massage makes her service attractive for most people who choose to be with her. Good luck!


Floor: #4
Post Time: 29th May 2013, 08:28 AM
Poster ID: Bob64
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I have been wanting to see this girl for a while and I noticed on her website she had a lunchtime special for $300.00 1 hr. I sent her an email and I had a nice reply back within a reasonable time and the booking was made. She is now in the city down near Haymarket. I texted her on the day to confirm the booking. Arrived at the time and texted again to say I was on the street, she text me back to meet me in the lobby. We went up the lift to her apartment which was clean and tidy. I left the money on the table we had a drink and a chat on the lounge and began kissing. Not what I would call DFK, just soft kisses on the lips with some occasional tongue, but it was very nice.
We then moved onto the bedroom, where the clothes started to fly off each other and both our hands were going everywhere. We laid down on the bed. I believe she has a wonderful woman's body, she is not a stick figure, at a guess about a size 12, but she has wonderful curves and a fabulous smile. We kissed and kissed, I made my way down her neck and to her nice natural breasts again at a guess about size c-D. She loved having her nipples licked and sucked softly and was becoming very wet. I made my way down her body to her shaved pussy and licked and kissed away as she moaned, squirmed and shuddered underneath me. She made sure I knew that my tongue was in the right position and working its magic.
Then it was her turn to return the favour on me, and it was wonderful. BBBJ, she had me on edge so many times, she makes lots of eye contact and I had to get her to stop before I would loose my load.
On with the dom and she told me her favourite position was caterpillar, which I had never actually done before. She moaned and shuddered underneath me and we kissed while I slowly pumped away and I was a lost cause and the first shot was gone.
Clean up and she gave me a nice massage, then onto round two, 69 to start with, then onto caterpillar again, which felt just as wonderful as the first time, and the second shot was fired into the bag.
We had a nice chat, she is very comfortable to talk to and be with. I had a nice shower, pump soap and a nice warm towel. Got dressed and said goodbye.
Would see her again, very nice GFE.
contact details are 
karenthompson.com.au
or 0431714069
I think first contact she prefers via email.


