Thread Title: Karen - Sydney - 0410 592 235
Floor: #1
Post Time: 29th June 2012, 01:26 PM
Poster ID: pumpster78
Post Title: 
 Karen - Sydney - 0410 592 235
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Karen

Establishment : Private - Through papasan called Frank

Date of Visit : March 2012

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0410 592 235

Hours of Business : Not sure, usually anytime from around 11am

Rates : $250/hr outcall for first timers, $200 after that.

Age : late 20's

Size/shape : Quite tall, i'd say 5"8, nice curved body, size 8 - lots of pussy hair.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Korean

Services Provided : CBJ, FS,

Value for money/recommend? : Not in your lifetime

My experience/comments : Called my old mate Frank again for some relief at home, and gave him the usual description of what I was after, and booked in for 2pm. He arrived half hour late which annoyed me but what can you do - Anyway, in walked Karen.....first impression was a good one, very tall.....young looking but had an old lady's hairstyle....strange thing to notice I know, but anyway I did 

Second thing I noticed was her smell.....she REAKED of cigarettes, which is a bit of a pet hate of mine. Into the bedroom we went, where the first thing she did was ask if I wanted to shower, since i was in my own home and fresh I declined but told her she was more than welcome to use it if she wished. She instead, decided to go with the alco-wipes, wiping down her hair ridden pussy before moving onto little pumpster and giving him a metho ridden bath - something he, nor I appreciated but what can you do. 

From there it was downhill....no kissing, no DATY (not that I wanted to spend the remainder of my afternoon flossing korean pubic hair out of my teeth anyway) and pulled the old "nipples too sensitive" trick which really pisses me off. So from there i had lost my interest, and just went through the motions. 20 mins later we were done, and she began to get dressed.....WTF!!! I had paid for an hour, and she was leaving already! I was caught in a bit of a jam, her attitude was so poor, and her service matched it - so I really wasnt that keen on spending another half hour with her, but I had paid my money and was pretty dissatisfied. Anyway, I let her go, and proceeded to call Frank to let him know what had happened and how unhappy I was.

He is a great guy, and usually delivers the goods - He apologised, told me that she was a new girl with him (take that for what its worth but I chose to believe him) and thanked me for the feedback, telling me he will make it up to me next time and that she wont be sent again. 

All in all, a very dissappointing punt, but i am well aware that this is always what it is, a punt. Unless you are going to a 533 or taren point where you choose whats in front of you, its pot luck. Unfortunately this time for me - the pot was empty.


Happy punting!


