Thread Title: Karlie Montana - Sydney - 0424 661 453
Floor: #1
Post Time: 23rd July 2012, 06:48 PM
Poster ID: Keyser Soze
Post Title: 
 Karlie Montana - Sydney - 0424 661 453
				
Post Content: 
Karlie Montana Private Sydney Escort

0424661453

Saw this WL about a month ago. 3 hour rate wasnt listed so i asked for 3  hours and she said if u stay for 3 ill make it $1200 and give bbbj  which is usually extra. Booked for 3 hours. went there and discovered it  was someone who i had seen previsouly but had changed their profile. I  cant remember her previous name but definitely wouldnt have booked her  again because last time I was short changed for 30 mins because she had  another booking. I didnt realise until i got to my car and saw the time  because i had booked for 3 hours.

it was about 1am and i was very very "in the mood" hence the 3  hours(again), also hadnt seen anyone in like 3months and just had the  urge. so due to me being there already and it being late and me being  horny i decide to stay. Conversation was non-existant. just one word  answers. then she takes off he clothers in like 2 seconds and just  starts playing with little guy. No touching or warming up to it. Very  business like and off putting.
this is when it starts going downhill in a worse way.
i had been told i get extra bbbj included. all she did was lick the base  for about 20 seconds and then put a dom on me. i asked for a little  more attention then she said she was really horny because she hadnt seen  anyone all day. whatever we continued. finish up after a little bit of  nothing special and then she is texting and channel surfing while im  doing my best to make conversation. it gets worse. anyway i decide to  stick around and just have my fun and not let her poor attitutde bother  me. after round 2 i start indicating round 3. mind you this was about  the 1.5hr mark with very little covnersation. i want to go again and she  says no im too sore. i cant do it anymore i say well if u cant i may as  well leave. she says u have stayed 2hrs so ill refund the last hr. i  check my phone and show her the txt it was only 1hr 20 mins. so i say  ok, lets make it half the rate because im willing to continue and your  not. she says she included her extras and they are per booking and not  flat rate so refunds 200 and keeps the rest. in her mind its 2x$450  (hourly rate) + $100 (extra for bbbj) = $1000 so $200 refund.
i complain in a totally respectful and nice manner but it falls on deaf  ears. i then decide that maybe she is just naive and decide to give her  some constructive critisism. I tell her to make it all about the guy,  dont text, dont watch tv try to talk and make conversation etc..... Guys  who see escorts dont just want to have sex non-stop but even if they  did you cant keep up. I did this all in a nice, calm and respectful  manner. Not nasty at all. i told her it would be easier for me to leave  and not say anything at all but im telling you this for your own benefit  and you should maybe think about how you treat your clients. anyway  after all of that she says come back tomorrow and ill give u an hour for  the 200 to make up for it. I decline saying that i haven't enjoyed the  experience and i dont want ot come back. She says that she will give me a  free hour. i decline and leave explaining that i am more than happy to  pay for a service that im after but didnt enjoy myself twice so no point  in me returning.

I let it go and thought that id just move past it and forget about her but i got a text today from out of the blue.

anyway, this all happened about a month ago. text today

KM: "hey hun im back in melbourne"

KS: "i think u may have me confused with another client"

"what you mean"

"i mean after last time what makes you think i would want to see you  again? i let you know that i was unsatisfied and made it clear that your  attitude and performance were poor and declined a free hour. so  obviously i did not want to see you again even for free." thats why you  must have totally misunderstood what we spoke about, which is highly  unlikely or you have me confused with another client who would want to  know that you are in melbourne. do you understand what i mean now"

"ow yeah your that gronk"

"i dont know what a gronk is but this is exactly the kind of thing i  tried to talk to you about. anyway, enjoy your time in melb. goodbye"

"your a rude cunt in other words. dont text me goodbye"

so anyway, hope whoever she was trying to inform that she was in melbourne has a better time that i did.

followed this one up with a well reviewed and respected lady who i hadnt  seen before and spent 2 out of the 3 hours chatting and having a laugh  before we even touched each other.

Good times and bad i guess but thats the reason we call it punting


Floor: #2
Post Time: 23rd July 2012, 08:38 PM
Poster ID: Solution
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
She sounds like an arrogant little troglodyte ... Thanks for the review !


Floor: #3
Post Time: 24th July 2012, 11:52 AM
Poster ID: bill_100
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by Solution


She sounds like an arrogant little troglodyte ... Thanks for the review 
"""



That is putting it mildly!


Floor: #4
Post Time: 24th July 2012, 10:54 PM
Poster ID: Mr Crash and Burn
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
All I can say is that these type of bitches must only get 1 off customers, because no one in there right mind would be treated like that and pay a return visit.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 25th July 2012, 01:05 PM
Poster ID: bigbird
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks for the warning, those fake tits look very fake


Floor: #6
Post Time: 25th July 2012, 07:43 PM
Poster ID: WillyWonka
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Edited...

At least you learned your lesson, Keyser Soze. Check the reviews first...


Floor: #7
Post Time: 26th July 2012, 03:37 AM
Poster ID: Keyser Soze
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
unfortunately WW there were no reviews on her at the time so I thought I would take one for the team.

FYI she also operates under the name Kacee


Was brought to my attention via PM who heard it directly from her that she uses different names.

I googled and found the following

Kacee Private Sydney Escort
Karlie Montana Private Sydney Escort

Same SWA, height, cup size and tour dates.


Floor: #8
Post Time: 26th July 2012, 04:45 AM
Poster ID: jojo1on1
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Mate if that isnt taking one for the team I dont know what is. Im not in the price bracket of that kind of woman and usually ust stick to RnT's but for that cash I want her to wash and cook for me. Im too sore made me LOL, she hadnt seen anyone all day so you must be hung like kong kong mate.

Thanks for the report and hopefully no one here will take the plunge after reading that


