Thread Title: Karla - 45+ - Vaucluse  - 0408 269 237
Floor: #1
Post Time: 1st August 2016, 02:29 AM
Poster ID: Pete Lestat
Post Title: 
 Karla - 45+ - Vaucluse  - 0408 269 237
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Karla


Establishment : Incall, Eastern Sydney


Date of Visit : July 2016


Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0408269237, KARLA CENTREFOLD BODY Blood Pumping Sexual PLEASURE Vaucluse 40 Hot & Mature - Sydney escorts - backpage.com


Hours of Business : day/evening


Rates : $350/hr GFE


Age : 45+


Size/shape : petite, athletic 6-8, enhanced breasts


Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian


Services Provided : GFE, PSE, FS, BBBJ, CIM


Value for money/recommend? : yes, fantastic


My experience/comments :I did a fair bit of research on the web before contacting Karla, and found mixed reviews.
Mostly positive, and one bad review from 2012 when she was still in Melbourne and known as Carly. The dick who called her a 'prawn head' in 2012 obviously had some other agenda against Karla, or some warped sense of how women's faces' mature over the years.
Being a 40+ bloke myself, Karla was exactly what I was looking for... engaging, entertaining, outgoing, uninhibited, classy, with a tight body and knows how to use it. Nothing wrong with her face at all, very pretty.
Contact with Karla was easy, with prompt and polite replies. Before we confirmed the booking she wanted a telephone conversation, which I thought was a nice touch as she was obviously screening me to see if I was genuine and the type of gent she wanted to entertain. Fortunately for me, I passed the test and was given the address details to her apartment in Vaucluse with spectacular views.
Upon meeting Karla, I was not disappointed by her looks at all. I would suggest that Karla is in her early-mid 50's, and has a body that very fit women in their 20's would envy. What impressed me the most was her easy going confidence with her body and in conversation. Sure, we spent a large part of the 2 hour session talking, drinking and enjoying the view out to the Tasman Sea, but my intent was not cum as many times as possible or see how many kinky positions we could try. Having said that, I was pleasantly surprised that my 'little head' was still very responsive to Karla's talents after the first marathon was run.
I won't go in to the details of 'the business' too much. Suffice to say that everything on her GFE listing was on offer plus more, and it was amazing. Her oral and hand skills are superb, and Karla genuinely seems to want to give a great experience in whatever position we ended up in... and there were quite a few.
It seemed that I was more conscious of the time than Karla was, and I really appreciated that she let things take their course naturally as we went over the 2 hours.
I would absolutely recommend Karla to gents who appreciate a classy mature lady with a great body and enjoy conversation with their fantasy lover.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 30th October 2017, 08:34 AM
Poster ID: Honkytonk
Post Title: 
 Karla
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Karla

Establishment : private apartment Vaucluse

Date of Visit : late August

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :  KARLA CENTREFOLD BODY Independent Beautiful Cougar Hot Huni Vaucluse - Sydney escorts - backpage.com.au Ph no. 0408 269 237

Hours of Business : check profile

Rates : 250 half 400 hour

Age : probably mid fifties

Size/shape : petite and toned

Nationality or Ethnicity : Lebanese

Services Provided : the lot except anal play

Value for money/recommend? : yes

My experience/comments : This is my 2nd review and occurred a couple of months ago - it seems she has since dropped her hourly rate from $400 to $350. Parking is a bit tight at her ocean side unit. She buzzed me up and met me at the door with a cold beer, a nice touch. She looks fairly old but she has a sexy, purring manner that makes up for it. She is friendly and talks dirty from the get-go, and she soon had her slavering mouth all over my cock wherever we were in her little abode. She has an absurdly enhanced bust and won't let you stick a finger in her bum but otherwise, she's ok. I so enjoyed the beer, the dirty talk and the way she kept tonguing my mouth and cock that we went over my 30 min booked time. She stopped and refused to do anything until I produced another $150, and this ruined the mood momentarily, but soon as she had the cash the fun resumed. I had to fuck her, so put her on her back and pounded her for a few minutes and then put her flat on her stomach and ground into her from behind. I was nearly there but she insisted we go to her mirror wall, ripped off the condom and told me to cum on her face as she knelt in front of me. I obliged, blew big time and she smiled at me, licking the cum on her lips. She then stood and put her cum covered face against mine and kept talking dirty while the cum dried on her face. Pretty damn sexy! Overall a pretty good root, but she may not be to everyone's taste.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 8th October 2018, 09:34 PM
Poster ID: smileychef
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Karla

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : Oct 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :  https://scarletblue.com.au/escort/the-fascinator?city=Sydney

Phone :0408 269 237

Hours of Business : 10 am to 10pm

Rates : $350 / hr GFE

Age : 40's

Size/shape : Athletic / busty

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie / European

Services Provided : Full Service / GFE / B&G / Most (just ask?) no anal (you don't need it!!)

Value for money/recommend? : Oh Yes! / Most definitely 

My experience/comments : Messaging and appointment setting with Kara was swift, polite and after a quick phone call to establish I was not a 'crazy' I was off to Vaucluse! I had given Karla a few hours notice for my preferred time as she is not the revolving door type

Building and apartment are easy to find and into her lair I step

I'm not one for fancy hotels or expensive digs (I'm there to see the lady not the décor!!), but Karla's place has an air of luxury about it. Softly lit with candles and easy music in the background made for a very pleasant welcome. and there is the lady herself, definitely NOT wearing a K-Mart undie set! Elegant stockings, tiny lacy knickers and a knockout bra holding up those fantastic boobs to superb effect. 

Things are looking great right now! 

Finally, a heap of well-maintained caramel hair frames her pretty face It's always a gamble with the blurry face photos', but in this case I am not disappointed ☺ a cheeky smile and a soft kiss greets me and I'm led into the lounge. I'm told to look at the view out to sea outside the drawn curtains as she fixes me with some (soon to be much needed) water It's an impressive site, but I'd rather look at Karla. She returns with the glass and a very soft but open kiss. I can tell by the way she uses her lips to kiss me her blowjob is going to be amazing. I'm firm downstairs very swiftly much to her amusement and pleasure. We kiss deeply some more and I'm led to the bedroom and asked to shower while she sorts the financials.

Quick lather and dry off and I can't wait to get back out there, and there she is, topless lying in wait on the bed. Oh what a sight!! Happy days indeed!

Now Karla says she is in her "naughty 40's", I concur. But a very well kept 40's!! Don't know if its genes or the gym, but it works! If you are after a "20" something dolly bird then maybe Karla is not for you, but if you appreciate a fine lady with an awesome body who really does treat you as if she adores you.. You have to do yourself a favour. She makes no pretence and what you see on SB or her own website is what you are going to find on the bed! Classy, elegant, kind, soft and sex-on-heels!!

Best Blowjob in Sydney she claims. Well wouldn't I love to have the time and money to find out (sooooo many to choose from!). What I will say is that yes it is pretty bloody awesome and she does exactly what she says on her website!!

I lie next to Karla and she slips that tongue into my mouth and we kiss very softly but passionately, she giggles as she holds my stiff cock and says "I know what you want" in-between sucking gently on those delightfully massive and sensitive nipples I agree and she rolls me over and glides between my legs. Now those lips come into their own, so soft and so welcoming, she slides me in and I feel that tongue working its magic all over my head and shaft. There is dribbling, drooling, licking, sucking, stroking and gorging at one stage she moves to another position to try and deep-throat it all, I feel the end press on the back of her throat, but she can't get it all in, gasping she comes back up for air and admits defeat ☺ . I don't care, I enjoy the soft caressing and tongue work, this is what I came for and boy am I getting it in spades!! I hadn't planned on coming in her mouth first as sometimes it drains me for round two, but her blow job skills are amay-fucking-zing!! Soon I feel that familiar uncontrollable tensioning in my balls and away we go! Karla does not stop until every last drop has been removed and swallowed away. I'm twitching and she just holds me there with tongue swirling. Wow that was fantastic!

A drink, pleasant chat and a giggle or 4 and then she asks if I want a back tickle Hmm slightly different, but she really does want you to have a great time and it shows Of course she has good intentions but after a couple of minutes her nails do me in and I need other stimulations! 

I roll over and I think she expects to blow me again, but I need to taste some pussy! I finally remove the last piece of lingerie and am greeted by a tasty, tiny, devine little pussy! I go down and enjoy myself, I'm getting the feeling Karla is enjoying too judging by my soaking wet face I gently use the tip of my finger on her delightful little lips and give her clit a good going over and she is soon writhing around half screaming, half laughing and in the end had to push me away while she caught her breathe! I gently tease her some more before kissing that slim and well-kept stomach before once again enjoying those fantastic tits!

Karla is telling me I'm naughty and I continue to tease her, she slips a dom on and in I go Now Karla is small in stature and has a very slim body and her pussy is amazingly tight! So I gently ease my cock in and get into a great rhythm with her slowly building pace she pants that she likes it long and deep, I oblige We are getting right into it but (living in QLD you know why.. ) I want that mouth around my cock again I rip the dom off and shove it into her face, she greedily sucks and plays with me, I'm getting close and Karla says "come over here" and I'm led to stand in front of the mirrored wardrobe and told to gently face fuck her. No arguments from me!! 

I just about double up as she swallows as much of me as possible and I hold her head and go for it, what a sight as Karla is looking up at me with those 'fuck me' eyes and I watch my member slide in and out of those fantastic lips! Next she is licking my balls and we are both playing with me and now I can't hold on any longer right on the final stroke I shove my cock into her wanting mouth and she greedily swallows the second load and does not stop till every last drop has been squeezed/sucked out Oh my fucking God. Talk about awesome!

A quick giggle and chat and while I am a bit over time she does not hurry me out, but I don't want to over stay my welcome. After a jelly-leg wobble shower and some gentle kissing after I have dressed, I float on out of the door and head down to Watsons' bay for a refreshing beer and to contemplate what just happened.

WIR, you bet. Karla is one sexy lady and provides an excellent service Trust me, do yourself a favour!! You won't regret it!
						



 Attached Images


