Thread Title: Kate - Chatswood - 0431 413 543
Floor: #1
Post Time: 8th September 2017, 06:30 PM
Poster ID: kahlin06
Post Title: 
 Kate - Chatswood - 0431 413 543
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Kate

Establishment : Private apartment

Date of Visit : today 8/9/17

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Sexy Thai girl - Sydney escorts - cracker.com.au


Hours of Business : 

Rates : $110 /30mins

Age : 26

Size/shape : Slim Natural petite

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : FS & massage

Value for money/recommend? : Yes but nothing special but good value

My experience/comments : I called got voice mail, but she returned with a txt and arranged to go in half hour. found it easy & easy to park.
first impression she look good and seemed sweet, had a shower, clean bathroom & room. She was quick to undress, she has very fair skin, not gym tight body but slim and shaven, nice natural boobs and a small waist and arse. She grabbed a handful and was quick to put on a condom, her blowjob was quite good couldnt deep throat though and not alot of variation. She jumped on top and rode me for a while, tentative on entry but got going. I flipped her over for some missionery and then some doggie. I was getting close but wanted to be jerked with oil for the money shot which she did with with strong wrist and good tempo. 
All done and cleaned up and we chatted for a while, her english pretty good and she is friendly and at this point seemed unrushed. So was a pleasnt time but not outstanding. Prob wont go back again but for the money I wouldnt not recommend her.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 9th September 2017, 09:40 AM
Poster ID: usw
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I have also booked her.  Location near Chatswood Chase, you can park in the shopping centre for free for 3h.  She looks better than on her photos, not a stunner but very nice skin and good boobs.  She is a bit obsessive about neatness and not making any noise.  The place is spotless.  She gives you a basket to put your wallet, keys and phone into and asks you to take it with you when you shower.  

Unfortunately she does not engage fully, keeps her distance, no kisssing, no BBBJ, her CBJ is just OK, nothing special, and then she asks you to hop aboard and is pretty much starfish whilst you do your thing.  Afterwards she gave a good massage.

So all in all a disappointingly vanilla experience.  A pity, because if she were to get into it bit more and provide more of a GFE instead of a mechanical professional service she could be a good root.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 18th February 2019, 08:42 AM
Poster ID: mrtimtam101
Post Title: 
 Kate - North Sydney - 0431 413 543
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Kate

Establishment : Berry Street North Sydney

Date of Visit : 15/02/2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://m.locanto.com.au/sydney/ID_3...girl-Kate.html

Phone : 0431413543

Hours of Business : Monday to Saturday 9 Am to 10 pm

Rates : $200 an hour

Age : 27

Size/shape : C cup, slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided :CBJ, Fuck Job

Value for money/recommend? : Nope 👎 

My experience/comments 

It was a Friday and I want to chill down from work. Looked at locanto profiles and found Kate's profile to be amusing. I texted her and she was quite responsive. Scheduled a time and I reached out to North sydney.

At first glance she looked really good. She greeted me with smile. Gave her the money and she requested me for bath. She joined me in the shower and she cleaned me completely. After which we moved onto the bed. She started with her body sliding over mine where she was playing with my nipples slowly going to my cock. As soon as she went there she capped my cock and gave me a CBJ. It was good but not that great and more over it was a very short one. Before I could realize her CBJ, she positioned herself for cowgirl. I just went with her flow. After a while I switched and went on top of her. She does not kiss and that was a deal breaker for me. At one point she started giving me a fake moaning and she was laying there as a dead person without any moment. I just stopped the session and requested her to finish me off with a handjob. She did and I cummed in like 2 mins. I took bath and cleaned myself again and left the place.

Would I Recommend her - No because of my personal choice.

- she does not kiss
- she was just looking at the clock
- she does this for the sake of doing it. No quality.

Plus point about her

- she is a decent looking girl with a good pair of boobs
- her English is good


