Thread Title: Kate Deseray -  Pyrmont - 0406 247 128
Floor: #1
Post Time: 23rd October 2013, 09:51 PM
Poster ID: JJwalker
Post Title: 
 Kate Deseray -  Pyrmont - 0406 247 128
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Kate Deseray 

Establishment : private

Date of Visit : 23/10/13

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0406 247 128

Hours of Business : 24/7

Rates : 200 1/2 hour, 300 1 hour

Age : 25 (I reckon older)

Size/shape : 9-10

Nationality or Ethnicity : European 

Services Provided : CBJ, DATY, fs, massage

Value for money/recommend? : no, no, no, 

My experience/comments : 

This is probably one of my worst punts if not the worst punt of my life. 

Saw Kate's adds on cracker and escorts and babes but had always passed as she looked drunk or stoned in her photos and if I'm honest not very good looking but a new set of photos went up with her latest ad and I was surprised to see she was quite good looking, a Vanessa Amorossi lookalike, and thought the hell. 

She was easy to contact. I texted her asking her availabilties and she texted back about 30 min later. Sounded good. Booked for 1/2 hour. Texted for confirmation and we are good to go. 

I get to pyrmont and give her a ring to let me in. She's soon at the door to let me in. Already a problem. She looks about 5 years older, thought still looking good it must be said, and we get in the elevator where as soon as the doors close she's describing her services. This weirded me out a bit, bit forward I thought, but it was a small elevator and there was no one else. We enter her apartment and I hand over the cash and she directs me to the bedroom and to strip down and get comfy. 

Here's where it starts to go down hill 

She was more like a sex teacher or presenter (???) and the process was methodical and mechanical. It was literally "x happens now" action action action, "x happens now" action action, literally that many "actions". Seroiously it was back rub, rub rub rub, blowjob blow blow etc. 

After about 10 min furiously pumped in doggie and finished. The minute te condom was disposed of I felt we got to the true purpose of the booking. Her pitching me her advertising company specialising in working girls. Gave me the whole spiel. Kept going on about it and how it's just started, how good it etc. her phone kept ringing and beeping. I thought she just couldn't be bothered turning it off or was waiting for a important call or something. But no. Lo and behold "you know how my phone kept ringing? That's how successful my business is!" At that point I cut my losses and ran. Spent 15 total there and regret every millisecond

In summary 
Looks: She looked beautiful and the pics where accurate enough 8/10
Communication: Easy to get in touch with 9/10
Service: well... i came.... no serioulsy she acts in the session like she'd read about what happens in a booking. mish and doggy where okay. Got to do those positions for more than a min. 2/10

All in all avoid. I think she's trying to get some experience in the field as it were so that she could better serve her clients. Sadly it the girls she's working on not he punters. If she where cheaper, much cheaper, them maybe it would have okay but $200 for an abysmal service was just short of robbery. 

"I started off with nothing and still have most of it left" 
Jjwalker


Floor: #2
Post Time: 25th October 2013, 01:11 AM
Poster ID: coys2000
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks for TOFTT. Was considering giving her a go but may pass now. Punting eh, win some but lose plenty


