Floor: #1
Post Time: 20th September 2019, 11:07 PM
Poster ID: AP007
Post Title: 
 Kate/Kat - Gladesville - 0432 760 961
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Kate/Kat

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 20/09/2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://sydney.locanto.com.au/ID_291...adesville.html

Phone : 0432760961

Hours of Business : Vary but enquire to find out

Rates : $100/30 mins, $170/hour

Age : Early maybe mid 30s (ad says 28)

Size/shape : Fake tits, flat but pudgy midriff, a bit of an ass too

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Massage, FS, BBBJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes, but with some caveats

My experience/comments :

I actually started seeing Kat a few months ago and have since seen her 3 times including my most recent visit today. The first 2 times she said she'd be leaving for good but continues to advertise so I decided to write this review.

Before I saw her the first time, I saw a few threads talking about her on various forums. A lot of them locked as she said she retired from the profession a while back? Someone might be able to confirm if that was true. Either way she hasn't retired.

Communication with her is fairly simple. She's to the point but has a bit of personality when texting so it gets you keen. Her place is in Gladesville with plenty of parking around the place. Super discrete and quiet too.

Generally when seeing her, she'll get you inside her room, sort out finances, ask if you want a shower, then turn you over for a massage. She's very cheery and pretty too so most people will get along with her fine I would imagine.

The massage is one of the better ones I've had. Definitely shows experience from a legitimate shop and puts in effort too. Not too erotic but definitely therapeutic.

The highlight for me is definitely turning over and her blowjob that follows. Very sloppy, deep with ball sucking and licking too. Probably one of the best I've had (from a working girl).

The sex with her will often be great too. She loves to grab tight and gets cheeky during sex too which I personally like. DFK if she's feeling it too.

She's generally cool also with CIM to finish too but I don't think swallows.

Anyways the service is all good, but for me the major caveat is the fact that she is buzzed the entire time she's with me, every time I've been there. She seems to always be drinking white wine and it honestly worries me more than anything as she's clearly consistently always buzzed when she's working. This results in a varied performance too, as the two times I've seen her in the daytime she's been very enthusiastic and energetic (if not a little weird), but tonight when I saw her she seemed a lot more lazy and sluggish.

One other thing to note is she's not a clock watcher, but in a bad way. For me, sometimes I book in a 30 min session because I literally only have maybe 40 mins of free time to play with. With her however, you literally might be staying for an hour with her after paying for half an hour, but you will still only get half an hour's worth of service. She takes consistent toilet breaks and shower breaks and just leaves the room for periods of time, usually between the massage and FS or when you've cum the first time. This is annoying since the extra half an hour I'm at her place is a complete waste. It's literally just me sitting there, often resorting to browsing on my phone to pass the time. Definitely a contributing factor, along with her drinking, for why I will probably not be back again.

So to summarise:

Pros:
- Pretty Thai MILF with a great bod.
- Great massage
- Great BBBJ
- Great sex (on a given day)

Cons:
- Cannot safely say she would be a consistent performer
- Drinking habit
- Lots of time wastage

In theory, she's great value for money. Would I recommend her? All I would say is I probably will not see her again. The drinking and time wasting has definitely put me off of an otherwise friendly and enthusiastic gal who gives great blowjobs.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 31st December 2019, 09:49 PM
Poster ID: Sanchez
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Kate Gladesville - 0432 760 961
Person's Name : Kate

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 

Contact Details/Address/Weblink:https://m.locanto.com.au/sydney/ID_2...adesville.html

Phone : 0432760961

Hours of Business : Varies check her ad and msg to see if available 

Rates : $100/30 mins, $170/hour

Age : mid to late 30's

Size/shape : Fake boobs, size 8-10. A little chubby

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Massage, BBBJ

Value for money/recommend? : no not really

My experience/comments : Was feeling bored and in the mood for some fun. Found Kate's ad on Locanto and msg to see if working. Got a response in 15 mins. Arranged to meet. On our agreed time i msg her to get her address details there is a delay and a bit of messing around i wait outside an extra 15 mins for our appointment, awkward walking up and down the street.

Anyway I get the go ahead and buzz to be let in. Kate is behind the door as i walk in I am rushed into her room as she has been cooking, she apologies.

She asks me to strip down and get on the bed ready for my massage, she then leaves the room and comes back about 10 mins later. Her massage was nice but not sensual at all she remained clothed and seemed not really into it. Anyway 25 mins passed on my stomach as she has massaged my back, legs and shoulders.    

She then tells me time to drain my tank but has to go to the toilet. She disappears for another 10 mins. Comes back and gets naked. She wipes my cock and gets ready. She asked if i like natural oral i say yes so she says good i want to suck you..5 mins in its nice and enthusiastic i am getting good Rhythm she asks if she can drink me, sure i say but i asked maybe you jump on and give me a ride, pointing to the condom next to the bed. She was like no baby i want to suck u. I gave in and she kind of sucked, licked and hand job'd me to get me off well 5 mins later i give in and cum as i feel this session in strange and not for me.

She cleans me up, offers a shower. I say no thanks. I am dressed and she in the bathroom cleaning up. I am like i should go she walks me to the door and says bye. I give her a kiss on the cheek and leave.

I will not see her again as she was not interested, not connected, a waste of time to be honest as the experience was a bad one i feel she just took my booking but was not in the mood and did not care. Up to you but i don't think she is worth the time or the money unless its been a bad day for her and this is not her usual service. I booked an hour and got like 40 mins service.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 19th January 2020, 07:55 AM
Poster ID: jackstar
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Kate

Establishment : private 

Date of Visit : 14 jan 20

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :as above 

Phone :as above 

Hours of Business : as above

Rates : paid $170 for hour

Age : early 40s my guess 

Size/shape : solid 10 with fake maybe D cups 

Nationality or Ethnicity : thai

Services Provided : massage bbbj and FS

Value for money/recommend? : 50/50

My experience/comments :

Finally ticked this one of the list. I remember reading reviews from Searay maybe 10 years ago!

Easy to book, ample street parking. 

Everything that has been said by others is spot on.  

Not a typical small Thai girl but not fat. Fake tits are ok but nothing too amazing.  Her personality is odd.  Kept on saying my happy Buddha my happy Buddha...

And yes, left the room 3 times in the hour, including once for a shower between massage and FS...

Massage was below average in my opinion.  

BBBJ was one of the best I have ever had.  Very wet and very passionate.  

She jumped on for cow girl but nothing amazing.  Wasn’t keen on DFK or even boob sucking. 

Overall I’d say 7/10. Ok value for a private however I think she is better suited to a 30 minute BBBJ. 

Happy punting gents


Floor: #4
Post Time: 19th January 2020, 12:22 PM
Poster ID: SeaRay
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Yes "JACKSTAR" this is the Catherine and now Kate I found living and working in the old "Gladesville Motel" which has since been demolished and redeveloped a good 10 Years ago also the old Top Ryde Motel before she moved in to the Apartment in Gladesville. Although I haven't fucked in a long time, I still drive past her flat and keep an eye on her. in regard to her age, I think she is only in her early 30's and the drinking of cheap white wine was a bit off-putting but she gets bored just staying inside until a customer wants to fuck her. At the time I did enjoy her but she is does not talk much (maybe it's because she has had a lot of Dicks in her mouth) One day I will visit her again but there are too many Adventures out there for the Ole SeaRay


Floor: #5
Post Time: 25th May 2020, 03:13 PM
Poster ID: AP007
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I decided to give her a text seeing what's happening in the hopes of perhaps setting up a meeting. She took a break for a bit so was curious to see if anything had changed seeing as on paper she's a great value offering.

The time she had available didn't work, and I told her perhaps the following day was better. She then proceeded to blow up at me calling me an Indian and saying that all Indians are bad and that she blocked me. (For context, I'm of a mixed ethnic background with Mediterranean looks)

I'm definitely upset about how this ended and I'm not sure if this is a sign of her drinking finally taking hold or whatever. I would certainly not try to see her again.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 26th May 2020, 04:00 PM
Poster ID: 123WTF
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Is Kate worth the hassle? Been tempted to see her but the stories and drinking seem to be a concern.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 26th May 2020, 09:36 PM
Poster ID: jackstar
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by 123WTF


Is Kate worth the hassle? Been tempted to see her but the stories and drinking seem to be a concern
"""



No problems for me.   She is a little heavier than I normally go for but her BBBJ is up there with the best.  And I’ve had a few 