Thread Title: Katie Sinclaire - Sydney CBD - 0416 582 293
Floor: #1
Post Time: 9th May 2016, 12:03 AM
Poster ID: fluffstatic
Post Title: 
 Katie Sinclaire - Sydney CBD - 0416 582 293
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Katie Sinclaire

Establishment : Hotel incall (she now does private apartment incalls)

Date of Visit : 21/02/2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://scarletblue.com.au/escort/katie-sinclaire 
0416 582 293

Hours of Business : 

Rates : $400/hr

Age : 30's

Size/shape : slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : DFK/DTBBBJ/DATY/FS

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : Back then, she was doing incalls at a hotel CBD during the weekends. Booking was easy via SMS. I confirmed the morning before the session and was given the room number at the booking time. I chose her as my first punt because i'm into older (than me) petite women.

She opened the door in a skimpy red lingerie with high heels and my first thought was wow! She looked exactly like her pictures (I doubt there was any touch ups done on her body). After getting the formalities out of the way, she sat me down on the bed and asked me what I was after. This was my first punt, so I said so and just asked her to lead. She straddled me and started with DFK while my hands roamed all over her body. There is literally ZERO fat on her, virtually no cellulite or stretch marks, she is really really fit! She then lowered herself down to the ground, took my pants off, straight into BBBJ while I played with her perky breasts, i loved her pointy nipples! Eye contact + deep throat BBBJ = top notch!

We soon moved onto the middle of the bed and went into 69. She is shaven and have really nice neat lips. She tasted and smelled great, which enhanced the experience. I had to stop her twice as I was close to blowing my load while in 69.

She put the condom on with her mouth   then climbed on for cowgirl, god damn that felt so good + a great view. We also did missionary and doggie and back to missionary before I wanted to blow my load really bad (was this a rookie mistake?) and pumped myself away to an orgasm.

After she cleaned me up I said I wasn't sure whether I could get hard again but she said relax with a quick massage and trust me, I'll make you
hard again. After the light massage, she turned me over and went deep throat BBBJ again. She put on another dom with her mouth then I went pumping away again. However, I wasn't able to cum a second time. I really should've just finished with the BBBJ rather than pumping away again (another rookie mistake). She joined me in the shower for a cleanup and said next time I should cum in her mouth. Dried off and clothes back on, and a light kiss on my way out. Not bad for my first ever punt.

I've decided against writing reviews straight away as I wanted some more punting experience first so i can compare and give a fair evaluation and I'll have to say that although I want to try as many different women as possible, she is worth a return visit since her incall rates are even cheaper now.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 21st August 2016, 10:26 PM
Poster ID: RegularJoe
Post Title: 
 Private Escort - Katie Sinclaire - 0416 582 293
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Katie Sinclair

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 21 August 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :  https://scarletblue.com.au/escort/katie-sinclaire

Hours of Business : By appointment 

Rates : $500/hr incall

Age : 34

Size/shape : Athletic 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : GFE/PSE DFK DATY BBBJ + CIM GREEK

Value for money/recommend? : Yes, yes, absolutely!!

My experience/comments : An amazing afternoon. Katie really knows how to treat a guy. Gorgeous with a killer tight body...she surpasses all my expectations (which were high based on her reviews. 

Arranged and booked with one call yesterday. I was nervous in general and also had a question or two and she was calming over the phone. Long story short last couple of occasions I've taken a girl home my trusty wingman bailed right when I needed him most if you get my drift...and no reason for it. Seeing an escort was to eliminate some of the variables I thought might be messing with my mind...just have a good time and fuck.  I carefully searched for someone who was equal parts beautiful and dirty, angel and devil...I found Katie. Her profile noted coaching for guys who have lost their mojo. Sounds like me! 

Confirmed following morning and a few hours later arrive. Katie opens the door in heels and a red number that must only just qualify as clothing....she is gorgeous. Big smile and a warm kiss and embrace. Formalities handled we then had two hours to enjoy each other and boy did we ever. We sat and talked about a few aspects before we were gently making out. Kissing was amazing.

Shower and join her on the bed. Then a whirlwind of rolling around, kissing, touching, DATY, BBBJ until we were both sweaty and out of breath. Her body is incredible and her skills match. Amazing head...warm and so wet. Not only did she have me hard in minutes by the time she had touched stroked and sucked me to an intense eye contact CIM I was jelly.

Round 2 was underway!! More of everything and Katie suggests I let my dominant side run with it.  I didn't really think I had one...but seems like I do....and she likes that side. We were still at it when...I realise now...our time was up. I didn't realise then because we just kept going until we were done and still had a little cuddle before I showered while we talked and she gave me some food for thought about my wingman problems. He was VERY impressed as was I. Beautiful lady, awesome service...and only scratched the surface.


