Thread Title: Katie - Ingleburn amazing butt
Floor: #1
Post Time: 4th September 2018, 09:31 AM
Poster ID: Peedee
Post Title: 
 Katie - Ingleburn amazing butt
				
Post Content: 
Persons Name : Katie

Establishment : Apartment near ingleburn station

Date of Visit : I think it was friday 31st August 

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : ? 
https://m.locanto.com.au/sydney/ID_2...y-with-me.html

Hours of Business : I think 10am - 8pm

Rates : $110 -30 mins

Age : mid 20s

Size/shape : size 6 with A cups. Perky nipples, darker Thai skin. Round Nice arse with a little bit to grab onto - she definitely must do squats. Long straight dark hair, pretty face - rounder face

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai - ok English sometimes even had an Aussie accent

Services Provided : my experince - full sex, cbj, daty.

Value for money/recommend? : - yes

My experience/comments : 
This place has 1 to 2 different ladies working out of an apartment in Ingleburn- approx 5 minutes walk from train station.

I have been wanting to see Katie for some time as her photos are decent (she works fridays only @ I'burn, other days at Blacktown and Rhodes which I'm guessing in a similar setup).

Standard intro stuff - money, shower, etc.

She was wearing black lingerie which I asked to take off for her. Then it moved into some light kissing of each other's bodies but I wanted to play with her ass. She bent over so I could have good grab and play. This got me hard which then moved into cbj. I don't enjoy cbjs but this was ok - decently deep (I ain't huge though).

She jumped on top but lately I've been struggling to keep the little guy hard during sex (the thickness of condoms are killing it for me).

I laid her down feet in the air and start some daty to get worked up and hard again. Did the trick so entered missionary and quickly blew my load because I felt I could have went soft again.

Over pretty quickly (I was the dud root). We then just chatted for a bit about all sorts since her English was pretty good.

Conclusion: despite my efforts I would recommend Katie. Very good ass, good looking and maybe with returned visits more to offer.


