Thread Title: Kayla - Lower North Shore Sydney - Craigslist or Cracker only
Floor: #1
Post Time: 30th January 2014, 05:16 PM
Poster ID: blowhard
Post Title: 
 Kayla - Lower North Shore Sydney - Craigslist or Cracker only
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Kayla 

Establishment : private unit in North Sydney

Date of Visit : November 2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Uses CL and Cracker reluctant to give a telephone number

Hours of Business : weekends during the day till about 7 or 8 pm

Rates : $250 per hour

Age : 22

Size/shape : 8-10 long legs in proportion great arse

Nationality or Ethnicity : part Maori/ Aussie

Services Provided : massage, HJ, covered sex, cum on tits

Value for money/recommend? : oh yeah

My experience/comments : 

My Kayla North Shore (number recently changed)Well I saw an ad on CL said to be a young lady who was feeling horny and wanted some company. I responded and agreed terms ($250). She gave me the address to a private unit in North Sydney. She said that when I arrived the door would be open and I should just go in, lock the door behind me and put the money on the table. I did as I was instructed and turned around to see a gorgeous creature completely naked lying on the couch rubbing her snatch which was fully shaven.


she was part Maori about size 8-10 with approx B cups. Those critters were in fine shape and nipples were rock hard. Some good quality porn was playing on the large flat screen tv. I rubbed her gently all over and felt her cooze moisten before taking the plunge and 20 mins DATY. 


She does not do BJ and sex is covered but she is very tight and responsive. She said she was 22 and a uni student. There was a fair age difference between us and without being asked assumed a father/daughter role play I never really wanted that and found it a bit disconcerting. She was firm in all of the right places and smelled fresh. Definitely not a professional. She told me that she only uses CL or Cracker and not regularly and that she only does it at weekends. I paid for an hour and stayed for three at her invitation with no added costI have seen her three or four times now.


i would rate her 8/10 overall with 10/10 for sex and the points deducted off for no BJ. She asked me to splash her great tits which she appeared to really like.


i will go back again.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 30th January 2014, 05:25 PM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hi  blowhard,

It would be good if you could reply with whatever you remember of the phrases used in Kayla's ads (on CL and Cracker) to
help members find them.

If the ad is up, please post a weblink.

Thank you,

fartichoke.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 30th January 2014, 05:28 PM
Poster ID: blowhard
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Will do, love this site


