Thread Title: Keira Swanson - Sydney - 0431 993 211
Floor: #1
Post Time: 11th December 2017, 05:36 PM
Poster ID: Mercurio56
Post Title: 
 Keira Swanson - Sydney - 0431 993 211
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Keira Swanson

Establishment : Private provider - Outcall

Date of Visit : October 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0431 993 211 https://scarletblue.com.au/escort/keira-swanson

Hours of Business : on request

Rates : $350/hour

Age : Mid 20s

Size/shape : Curvy

Nationality or Ethnicity : Anglo

Services Provided : Full Service

Value for money/recommend? : Very much so

My experience/comments : 

Well I recently had the pleasure to meet Keira Swanson after corresponding with her on Twitter for what seemed like ages.

I  had arranged to meet her at a location of her choosing one weekday   afternoon.  The lead up to our meeting had me very toey; I had not seen   her before and had very high expectations.  Keira did not fail, indeed  she significantly exceeded my expectations.

She is a fun, bubbly girl, who greeted me at the door in a stunning  lingerie ensemble.  She couldn't wait to get me showered and ready to  play, her first "hello' kiss had me dying for more.

Out  of a VERY quick shower and we settled down to chat a while and then  commenced the main course.  Keira  is a delightfully curvy girl, with a  bosom to put many a woman to  shame.  I enjoyed drowning myself between  her two mouth-watering  mammaries.

I dropped down  from her luscious globes to taste the nectar between her  legs.  She must  have liked what I was doing, as she had me held firmly  in place while  my tongue went to work.

When it was time for Keira  to reciprocate, she certainly is a gal who likes to show her oral  skills.  At the point where Keira  certainly had MY attention, it was up  to all fours for her to move to  the next level.  She encouraged me to  slap and grab her wonderful,  curvy butt and, as a gentleman, I could not  refuse.

Needless to say, I was thoroughly  enthralled by the enthusiasm and vitality that Keira displayed in our  time together.  I just need to work on making the time to see her again.                         

(PS I have reposted this review as I got my first attempt wrong)


Floor: #2
Post Time: 11th December 2017, 06:35 PM
Poster ID: Jenna
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
My girl Keira! Glad you had a fantastic time with her - she is wonderful


Floor: #3
Post Time: 13th December 2017, 09:00 PM
Poster ID: Mercurio56
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
She sure is!!!!


