Thread Title: Kendra Kay - Sydney - 0436 486 282
Floor: #1
Post Time: 5th August 2017, 03:08 PM
Poster ID: Sydneyseeker
Post Title: 
 Kendra Kay - Sydney - 0436 486 282
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Kendra Kay

Establishment: private

Date of Visit: 28/07/17

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: https://scarletblue.com.au/escort/ke...yy?city=Sydney

Hours of Business: Call to arrange

Rates: $450 Hr

Age: 23

Size/shape: Fit

Nationality or Ethnicity: Caucasian

Services Provided: Full Service

Value for money/recommend?: Awesome value for money

My experience/comments:

After catching Kendra's ad on Cracker, I did some further research and found her on Scarlet Blue. She is truly a hidden gem! I messaged her and got a quick response back. I felt like she was almost too good to be true but I took the chance and head over to her private apartment. She messaged me the details and buzzed me up with ease. 

I knocked on the door and like lighting she opened the door and was nothing but smiles. Boy was I relieved to see that she is exactly how she looks in her profile... Small, petite, huge tits and to top top it off a great personality to match.  We took care of the financials and I had shower. Before I knew it, she was giving me an incredible BBBJ. She made sure to use a lot of spit and was looking up at me throughout to make sure she was hitting the right spot...SHE WAS. 

She asked if I'd like to fuck her now. To which I responded Uhhh yes...badly. She threw on a rubber and climbed on top of me...We both laughed at our size differences. I asked her what her favourite position was and she said Doggy. She bent over and just the vision of that in my head is enough to send me wild. I could really tell she enjoyed her time with me and was eager to experiment and have fun. A truly lovely girl with a naughty side.

I had a shower before I left and we gave each other a little kiss which was a nice touch.

Ill definitely be a return customer. Beware guys, she is addictive!

Cheers,
SS


Floor: #2
Post Time: 23rd November 2017, 11:28 AM
Poster ID: mx85xm
Post Title: 
 Kendra Kayy -Camperdown (Touring) - 0436 486 282
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Kendra Kayy

Establishment : Independent on scarletblue.com.au

Date of Visit : 23 October 

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://scarletblue.com.au/escort/kendra-kayy

Hours of Business : varies

Rates : $250 for 30 minutes

Age : 23

Size/shape : 8

Nationality or Ethnicity : Kiwi

Services Provided : CBJ and FS. Offers BBBJ but I always play it safe

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : Booked Kendra in after reading a review. First impressions when I met her at a private apartment was how hot she is. Great face and body. Second thing that impressed me was her friendly personality. Had some nice small talk.

Directs me to the shower and after a quick shower she meets me at the bed. Removes the towel from around my waist and pushes me onto my back, kisses my body and after I asked, gets a condom for CBJ. After a couple of minutes she climbs on top. What a sight! After several minutes I move her into doggie. She lowers her head and has her arse up and ready. It didn't take long from. Doggie always gets my there quite quickly. 

Afterwards we we just enjoyed some conversation on the bed then a quick shower and I was on my way.

Will I be back? Definitely!


Floor: #3
Post Time: 22nd August 2018, 09:02 PM
Poster ID: rushnguy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Kendra Kayy

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 30/7/2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://scarletblue.com.au/escort/kendra-kayy

Hours of Business : varies

Rates : $300 for 30 minutes

Age : 23

Size/shape : 8

Nationality or Ethnicity : New Zealand

Services Provided : BBBJ, DATY, RIMMING, FS

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments :

Let me just start by saying this girl is a weapon. 23 years old, slim with a great ass and fake D cup tits. She is also very pretty, with a great personality and lots of
tats (which i like).

Have a kiss then exchange the money and i head for a shower. Come out and we begin some light DFK and she takes her top off revealing her nice bolt ons. She then turns around
and gives me a bit of a standing lap dance, rubbing against me etc and then unzipping the skirt and bending over rubbing her ass across my now semi-hard cock.

we move to the bed and as im kneeling on the bed she initiates BBBJ, good sucking and eye contact. I then lay down and the BBBJ really begins, this girl is a very good cock sucker.
Lots of eye contact, sucking, licking, deepthroat and lots and lots of spit.
She then started slapping my rock hard cock on her tongue, i then took over and really gave it a slap, she was loving it. 

We decided it was time to fuck, but she had trouble getting the condom on as my cock was absolutely coated in her saliva and kept slipping around. Had to wipe it down a bit 

Had a good fuck in cowgirl before switching over to doggy. Her ass looked so good i decided to get down and put my tongue in it. Gave her a bit of a rimming which she didnt seem to mind, then got up into doggy and pounded away whilst grabbing her hair tight. Came not long after.

Had a shower and a bit of a chat and then left. Great girl and service.


