Thread Title: Khloe Luxe - Clemton Park - 0481 389 623
Floor: #1
Post Time: 22nd December 2019, 10:39 AM
Poster ID: Hogwild
Post Title: 
 Khloe Luxe - Clemton Park - 0481 389 623
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Khloe Luxe

Establishment : Independent based out of Clemton Park

 Date of Visit : 13/12/2019

 Contact Details/Address/Weblink :https://www.escortsandbabes.com.au/P...KinkyKhloeLux/

 Phone : 0481389623

 Hours of Business : After 6PM

 Rates : $400 an hour

 Age : Mid twenties.

 Size/shape : C cup, Curvy

 Nationality or Ethnicity : Greek/Australian

 Services Provided : BBBJ, DATY, FS

 Value for money/recommend? : Value for money if it's just a relief you're looking for.

 My experience/comments :

The booking process was simple enough. Khloe answers texts pretty fast and I got the impression that this is a part time income and can only meet after 6pm on weekdays. I was given the address and was made to text upon arrival. Her apartment is located in a block that has easy parking access next to Coles. Phone reception there is crap, so be aware of that. She'll then ask you to walk towards the back of the building and she'll send a lift down for you.

She's easy on the eye but has very limited personality. The conversation feels very contrived but she's perfect if you are keen on just a punt and not having to chit chat post the deed.

After a shower, I entered the room to loud techno music. Khloe is by then disrobed and she jumps immediately to give me a CBJ (BBBJ an extra now) and slows down when I requested. She has a very curvy body and very pert boobs. She doesn't kiss and provide eye contact, so it's really just me messing around until I decided to get it over and done with.

Doggy was decent but I then requested she go on top. The view is enjoyable if you are a boob man like myself but the lack of eye contact and enthusiasm just didn't work for me. I tried missionary to finish off and eventually came and rolled over. Small talk ensued and Khloe walked into the bathroom to freshen up. I didn't stay for much longer as it was a moot point at this juncture.

Will I return? Yes, possible if I'm horny and just need a quick relief, but for those of you looking for more of a connection, you might find other ladies a better bet.


