Thread Title: Kiki & Bella (asian double) - Sydney CBD - 0452 479 776
Floor: #1
Post Time: 21st February 2018, 10:54 PM
Poster ID: Gmartster
Post Title: 
 Kiki & Bella (asian double) - Sydney CBD - 0452 479 776
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Kiki and Bella

 Establishment : Near Museum Station in the City

 Date of Visit : 21st February 2018

 Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0452479776

 Hours of Business : 7 days

 Rates : $500 1 hr (double) - $250 (single) 1 Hr

 Age : 26 & 30 respectively (their inputs - seem reasonable)

 Size/shape : Kiki - Korean - 26, c cup breasts (slight baby sag) with lovely nipples she is happy to have sucked and trimmed pussy. Kiki very involved and loves DFK
Bella - Thai - 30, b cup with nice nipples, flat tummy and trimmed pussy

 Services Provided : BBBJ, DFK (Kiki only) & FS 

 Value for money/recommend? : Yes

Seen an ad on Cracker for a while now for either one or a double. Went intending to see one but both answered the door and upsold a double. Obviously neither matched Cracker pictures but both attractive and tempting enough for the double

 Showered alone (although Bella did come and wash my cock from outside the shower) and entered the bedroom

 Bella (nude now) provided the first BJ (very good) as Kiki undressed and rubbed herself up behind me allowing m pussy access (which was quite wet). 

Moved to the first fuck (with Bella) - missionary (very tight pussy) and finished with cowgirl. 

 Both cleaned my cock with wipes and the gave me an all over massage as I lay in my back. Kiki offered her tits to suck and kissed passionately during the massage

 Kiki moved down to give me a excellent suck (so both very good at oral) and as I hardened, she gently masturbated me. When fully hard, Kiki climbed on top in cowgirl and seemed right into the fuck. Getting into it I was softening a little so suggested missionary but it got lost in translation and we fucked doggie. 

 After a good 5 minutes with very deep penetration moved to missionary and came. No rush for me to withdraw and we kissed as a slowly softened inside her still gently fucking her. 

 Shower to finish (again alone) and after a kiss and cuddle with Kiki I left very happy. 

 NB: Bella is slightly the prettier but if you went for a single WL choose Kiki who is far more affectionate and involved.


