Thread Title: Kimberly - Leichardt - 0439 601 383
Floor: #1
Post Time: 7th October 2015, 08:02 PM
Poster ID: gim
Post Title: 
 Kimberly - Leichardt - 0439 601 383
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Kimberly

Establishment : Private 

Date of Visit : 7th October 2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0439 601 383 / Private in Leichhardt / Advertises on Cracker

Hours of Business : Flexible

Rates : $250.00 Per Hour

Age : 43

Size/shape : A little chubby but nice. Good set of DD tits

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : Light Kissing / CBJ / Massage / Sex

Value for money/recommend? : Yes / Yes (Unfortunately she is moving on)

My experience/comments : 

I had seen Kimberly's add in cracker a few times and thought she looked interesting so with some spare time today I gave her a call.

Her phone manner was good and an appointment was set up. She has an apartment in an older block of units near MarketTown Leichhardt which has a secure entrance so I had to call her again on arrival so she could buzz me in.

Once inside the units she greeted me at the door wearing a black dress which had a sheer top. I would say she is 43 years old as advertised and the photos are real if a little dated because she is a little bit chubbier but by no means off putting. She has redish blonde hair, a nice face with lovely blue eyes and gorgeous cheeky smile. Her DD tits are in really good shape.

Her unit has been recently renovated to a really good standard. The bathroom is next to her working room which is no big problem and she had nice towels and toiletries available.

Kimberly is very friendly and chatty and I immediately felt comfortable with her.

I had a quick shower and she was waiting in the bedroom still fully dressed when I entered. We started standing next to the bed with her reaching up and massaging my neck and shoulders and leaning in for some light kisses. She let me feel her up and remove her dress and underwear before moving onto the bed. Once on the bed the kissing became more intense and I was soon very hard as she playing with my cock while I felt her smooth shaved pussy. I felt I was going to cum whilst she was playing with me so I asked her to ease off a bit so she suggested a massage. The massage was pretty good and including a bit of body sliding and good conversation.

After the massage she gave me a very good CBJ. Now a CBJ is usually a disappointment to me but there was something about her technique of hard sucking and slurping that got me going. When I told her I was about to cum she sucked even harder and brought me to climax whilst in her mouth.

A quick clean up and some more chat before round two which started with some more kissing before she got ready for another CBJ. I asked her if she liked having her pussy licked and she said yes but didn't want to sit on my face. I didn't quite understand and when I asked further she just started sucking my cock this time also using a small vibrator to help get me stimulated. It worked well because I soon came again but I was a little disappointed that I didn't get to lick her pussy or fuck her. I kind of got the feeling she didn't want to sit n my face because she was self conscious about her weight which wouldn't have bothered me at all.

Anyway we chatted a bit more before she put me the shower. Whilst I was showering she came into the bathroom and talked to me before she showered and the conversation continued. After that she gave me a tour of her flat showing me all the reno work she had done. She also told me that she had sold the unit and would be moving on shortly.

Despite not getting to lick her pussy and fuck her I still had a good time and a lot of that had to do with her open and cheeky manner which made the time spent with quite enjoyable however if I was to see her again I would be asking if they were on the plate beforemaking another visit.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 4th January 2017, 11:20 PM
Poster ID: payforplay
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Keep you all informed, this vixen is in Hervey Bay & while not normally my vintage, must say what a deliteful older lady she is. 

Will do a review soon.

P4P


