Thread Title: Kirsten Dane - Sydney (CBD) - 0457 079 365
Floor: #1
Post Time: 17th July 2010, 09:44 AM
Poster ID: raym01
Post Title: 
 Kirsten Dane - Sydney (CBD) - 0457 079 365
				
Post Content: 
Hey all, i recently had a 1 hour booking with Kirsten

http://www.privategirls.com.au/kirsten_dane_escort.php 

Description of lady: -
ethnic origin - Australian
estimated age - 25
estimated height - 5'3 - 5'5 (im around 6'4 so it is hard to judge)
body shape (slim, curvy, etc.) -she has a Fantastic body with great boobs and arse 
estimated body size (eg size 8) and/or weight (kg) - 8
skin colour - Light Tan
hair length & colour - Long Dark Brown Hair
eye colour - brown i think?
attractiveness of face - Attractive
size of boobs (natural or enhanced) - D to DD cup (website says DD so ill go with that)
pussy shaved, trimmed or jungle - Shaved
level of English communication - 100%
comments on personality - Friendly, Chatty. Overall a very nice Lady.
Service: - kissing (DFK), DATY, BBBJ. The usual GFE services
Price structure:- 750/hr


Contacting Kirsten was a breeze, i sent text MSG's to her and she quickly responded. We text MSG'ed back and forth for sometime before finally settling on a date. She is very professional and accommodating in her communication with you and is happy to answer all of your Questions, however she also shows some of her personality of being a bit of a joker which i loved (she paid me out, saying she'd need stilts during our booking just to get near me because of the height difference!!! my response back to her wasn't as good, so she won that round!!!

I could only afford 1hr ($750) with Kirsten as i have planned a big week of punting as a treat for myself.

I arrived at the hotel at the agreed upon time, and went up to her apartment. Knocked on the door and was greeted by no-one, so i just walked on in and there she was hiding behind the door (the cleaners were in the room opposite). Did the usual meet and greet, Kirsten is very easy to talk to and we had a lot in common which was good and bad: good because it meant we had a connection and i found out that she used to work in the same industry that i am soon to be entering, bad because we probably spent too much time talking, for a 1hr punt.

She started with a massage, although neither or us were really concentrating on it as we were just chatting away, moved into a great BBBJ, then into 69er (one of my favourites) before we decided to start the real action. On with the Dom and she started off on top, Kirsten said she used to be a fitness model which i believe as she had good strength in her legs, we stayed in this position for a while before it was time for the grand finale which was done in doggy style (probably my favourite). Kirsten was great in this position as she has a fantastic round, firm arse, which made it almost impossible to last very long in this position. I tidied myself up and we said our good buys, before entering HELL, which is known as the Sydney CBD at peak hour!!!

Overall i had a good time with Kirsten, she provides a great GFE service and i felt that 1hr is not enough, 1.5 - 2hr should be the minimum when booking Kirsten. 

 i would highly recommend Kirsten. 


RAYM01


Floor: #2
Post Time: 17th July 2010, 09:54 AM
Poster ID: andrewblake
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
great review Ray,

welcome to auxxxr!

miss kristen looks the babe!

hope you enjoy your time here and keep punting and reviewing!

ab


Floor: #3
Post Time: 17th February 2011, 11:53 PM
Poster ID: long_prong
Post Title: 
 i saw kirsten in perth
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name:Kirsten dane

Establishment :Independent

Date of Visit:5th Dec 10

Contact Details/Address/Weblink:0457 079 365

Hours of Business: na

Rates:750/hr

Age:23

Size/shape:8

Nationality or Ethnicity:Australian

Services Provided:Most

Value for money/recommend?:Yes

My experience/comments: (Here you must give at least a general description of the experience which you have had - 25 word minimum is required to give fellow members an idea of time spent - "Ill be back" or "good value" is not a sentence or review. )Kirsten was true to her add and a great girl, she looked great and was very keen, i must say i enjoyed the time and would recomend her to anyone, and a magnificaent pair of cans


Floor: #4
Post Time: 7th March 2011, 05:02 PM
Poster ID: blackcoffee
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I have seen Kristen as well and confirm the absolute bodacious-ness of those TA-TA's. There were no bad points worthy of mention here. Take 2 hours and enjoy!!


Floor: #5
Post Time: 9th March 2011, 07:41 PM
Poster ID: blackcoffee
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I would certainly visit this luscious lady again and feel she is well worth the investment, but do think it's also worth knowing that the tasty pics she uses are sadly not of her.  They are actually the epicly sculpted form of one Theresa Correa. check the link:

http://boston.barstoolsports.com/hot...theresa-correa
/?pid=20538

If the gorgeous Kirsten used her real pics she would certainly get no less interest for doing so.(go on Kirsten...I will even take some shots with the kodak for you if required. It might take several days, perhaps weeks, to get those images just right, but hell we will just keep at it until we get the desired result!)

K is a pocket-rocket babe!! And to be fair she doesn't say the pics are actually of her in the PG ad however this kind of deception just bugs me!


