Thread Title: Kitty - Sydney - 0432 473 068
Floor: #1
Post Time: 28th November 2011, 08:55 PM
Poster ID: reggid
Post Title: 
 Kitty - Sydney - 0432 473 068
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Kitty

Establishment : PWL

Date of Visit : 27-11-2011

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Cracker Several Ads same number 0432473068

New!!! 26 y.o Kitty - Real Passionate Girlfriend Experience - Luxury Apartment - Extra's Available - Inner Sydney | Escort / adult | Erotic | Cracker

An Erotic Encounter with Plenty of Extra's Available - Real Photo's - Sydney | Escort / adult | Erotic | Cracker

26 y.o euro asian - Luxury Cbd Apartment - A Very Erotic & Sensual Service - Extra's Avail - Sydney | Escort / adult | Erotic | Cracker


  I have NFI how to attach ad L

Rates : 180/30 280/60

Age : 26 (mid 30's realistically)

Size/shape : 6

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian

Services Provided : None worth paying for

Value for money/recommend? : Money down the drain

My experience/comments: i don't usually bag people but this is without doubt the worst punt ever. I made contact via SMS and received quick reply. I enquired about services but she wanted to discuss in person. Anyway agreed to do so and went to meet her. I arrived and she was older than stated and definitely not the same girl in pics (most cracker girls aren't) but not worth running over (I am a chicken. lol) she wanted extra $50 for BBBJ and extra $50 for CIM but got it down to $70 for both so paid $250 /30 should have left since bargaining over prices at the start kills the mood. Anyway had a shower after handing over the money. Was friendly enough and had nice tits but she couldn't get me hard at all and this is first time this has happened not even with a hand job or BJ, both of which were embarrassing, she had no skills at all. The BBBJ was literally just my dick in her mouth with next to no suction and motion  and handjob she hasn't realised that here hand is supposed to move and the more the better usually. In no way was I ever going to cum with either a handjob or BJ from her. She kept doing the annoying licking of my nips which for some reason she thought would do something. Even started using her phone while trying to get me hard. After 20-25min I had enough and I said I was leaving got dressed and asked for a partial refund. She said that since it had been 25min and that I got a BBBJ that that would be 180 +50 so I would only get $20 back. I started to argue a little and in the end couldn't be bothered and just decided to leave. She said see you next time, yeah not likely.just to reiterate she was not a bad person but just zero skills and no idea how to create  the mood.

  Went back home to local area and stopped into Hope St Seven Hills and saw the lovely Jessie with her funny giggle and new hair colour (only works Sundays now), she really did the trick. Now there is a reliable place never had a bad time there in 20+ visits.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 28th November 2011, 09:07 PM
Poster ID: BadAussieBoy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Copy & paste of her ads:

Hi 

Let me introduce myself, my name is Kitty, i am 26 y.o from Singapore, i am offering a full service girlfriend experience from my luxury city apartment, i am located on Kent st, between Market & King St. 

Here's a little about myself: i am a very petite girl with beautiful smooth skin, D cup bust, attractive face and overall i am very easy and friendly to get along with. 

What i like; Plenty of foreplay and exploring each other, experience my unique oral skills, new sexual postions and more...there's not much i cant do...oh.....i love giving french...hope you can do the same on me. 

I can do just about every extra and fantasy...i really love to please, i love sex and i love what i do, thats why you will feel a totally unrushed genuine service from me. 

I am a private worker so i am unable to answer the phone at times, please leave a brief sms and i will respond as soon as possible. 

My photo's are real and genuine, there will be no surprises when you see me, i genuinely like to please and provide a satisfying experience that will last forever. 

Call me anytime.....i'm usually up till late, i also love to party... 

Kitty xoxx 

My Incall Rates: 

30 minutes - 180 
60 minutes - 280 



------------------------------------------------------------

LETS DO IT ON THE BED - IN THE BATHROOM - SOFA - KITCHEN 

I'M A VERY KINKY GIRL... 

Hi 

Let me introduce myself, i am a 26 y.o asian girl from Singapore, i am offering a full service girlfriend experience from my luxury city apartment, i am located on Kent st, between Market & King St. 

Here's a little about myself: i am a very petite girl with beautiful smooth skin, D cup bust, attractive face and overall i am very easy and friendly to get along with. 

What i like; Plenty of foreplay and exploring each other, experience my unique oral skills, new sexual postions and more...there's not much i cant do...oh.....i love giving french... 

I can do just about every extra and fantasy...i really love to please, i love sex and i love what i do, thats why you will feel a totally unrushed genuine service from me. 

I am a private worker so i am unable to answer the phone at times, please leave a brief sms and i will respond as soon as possible. 

My photo's are real and genuine, there will be no surprises when you see me, i genuinely like to please and provide a satisfying experience that will last forever. 

Call me anytime.....i'm usually up till late, i also love to party... 

Kitty xoxx 

My Incall Rates: 

180 - 30 minutes 
280 - 60 minutes 




---------------------------------------------------

Hi 

Thank you for taking a look at my profile, i am new in Sydney and offering full service, fantasies and more from my luxury cbd apartment. 
I am a 26 y.o euro asian from singapore, i am here for a limited time and aim to please all those gentlemen that see me with a very erotic encounter. 

You can expect me to slowly undress you, kiss you all over, provide you with a girlfriend experience that will last forever, i also like a man that can excite me, go down on me, nothing excites me more than this. 

I am a size 6 girl with a large bust, i am always immaculately dressed and take pride in my appearance, i have beautiful white skin and very friendly to be with, i will make you feel totally comfortable from the moment you see me. 

Call or sms me anytime to make a booking, i'm usually up till late and can take bookings up until midnight. 

My rates: 

30 minutes - 180 
60 minutes - 280 

My extra's include the following: All at additional rates which i like to discuss when you see me: 

Passionate kissing 
Mutual Oral 
69'rs 
Release on body 
Fantasies 
Toy's 
Golden shower (on you) 
Role Play 

Above all...i love to be licked 

Hope to see you soon;


