Thread Title: Kitty - Lidcombe - 0484 265 476
Floor: #1
Post Time: 22nd October 2016, 11:10 AM
Poster ID: sandsifter
Post Title: 
 Kitty - Lidcombe - 0484 265 476
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Kitty on ad but Katie in person

Establishment :Motel in Lidcombe

Date of Visit : October 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0484265476 ,Cracker ad

Hours of Business : Not sure on hours,I was there midday.

Rates :Full Service $130 half hour - $170 45 mins - $200 one hour 

Age : 33

Size/shape : 158cm, size 6,DD cups,curvy and slim 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Vietnamese

Services Provided : Massage / fs,cbj,daty


Value for money: Yes

Recommended: Yes,lovely lady.

Found this ad on Cracker and got a reply text straight away for 1 hour fs booking in Lakemba motel  with room number revealed on arrival. Plenty of parking around the area with a short walk to motel.

Found the room,then there was quite a wait from me ringing,knocking and texting.Nearly bailed but finally got the message to enter room.
Was greeted by the  very pretty Vietnamese Katie in a short tight red dress.Very nice and it is her pictures on the ad. Clean room with double bed and shower room next to it.Went for a quick wash and joined a very naked Katie on the bed. She was wearing perfume and had an intoxicating smell to her.Nice large natural boobies slim and a small gold chain around her waist.I did notice a 'C' scar below her belly button but it wasn't an issue for me at all.

She asked me to lay face down to start an erotic massage while we got to know a little about each other. Pretty good english and she had a real happy demeanor about her. Decided to flip early as I was getting a pre-dribble on. Within no time I was hard and gloved up  and getting a very good cbj.God I wish this was a bbj as she had red ruby lippy on.
Again I changed the action and decided to explore her body with my tongue and lips. Slowly down her back over and inside her plump ass cheeks.She tastes and smells so good,time for some daty on her clean shaven tight sweet peach. I wanted to devour it and yet I felt the need to feel my cock inside her. She was soaking wet but she still added some lube before I slid deep into the abyss. Man I had pull back as I was losing control and I wasn't ready for this session to finish. I pulled out and went for some 69 whilst regathering my composure.
Composure regained ,I was back inside with her doing cowgirl but not as I really like it.She was doing more slow grinding and I prefer the pogostick but didn't want to push on the first visit. Knew I wanted to finish in a frenzy so positioned myself in missionary,first with her legs high up on my shoulders going in slow and as deep as physically possible,then getting her legs together down straight with my legs straddling whilst plowing every last inch into her. The friction in this position leads to the inevitable explosion in no time at all leaving all my extremities tingling for the next 5 mins. Was having difficulty rolling off as I was well and truly spent.
Had a nice post cuddle,followed by a head massage,shower,kiss and away into the reality of the real world. Katie made me feel welcome and wanted from the minute we met and after a few recent duds I was back in the game.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 25th October 2016, 12:09 PM
Poster ID: sandsifter
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Sorry guys, but wrote down wrong location. It's Lidcombe not Lakemba.
Here's the cracker/back pages link http://sydney.backpage.com/FemaleEsc...e-130/17939146


Floor: #3
Post Time: 25th October 2016, 01:52 PM
Poster ID: josh18
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Don't know if those pictures are her - can't see the c scar on them and there are three that "look" quite different. Maybe they are quite old. She is cute and her shape is bangingly curvy in a good way. Amazing natural tits. I enjoyed visiting her and would probably again if she is back in Sydney at some point.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 25th October 2016, 04:42 PM
Poster ID: hy71194
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I was going to see her but the phone number when you search it comes up with a Japanese person as well


Floor: #5
Post Time: 28th January 2017, 03:22 PM
Poster ID: melboy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Kitty

Establishment: Motel in Lidcombe

Date of Visit: Early Jan 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: 0484265476

Hours of Business: 11am to 11pm

Rates: Nude Erotic Massage $120 for 45mins

Age: Late 30s

Size/shape: Voluptuous with magnificent cans

Nationality or Ethnicity: Vietnamese

Services Provided: Nude Erotic Massage, HJ

Value for money: Maybe not for massage.

My experience/comments:

Had had my eye on Kitty for quite some time but every time an opportunity presented itself Kitty would disappear. The planets finally aligned early in the new year, and I was able to arrange a time with her. Since I wasn't really sure what to expect, I booked for her massage service only as a bit of a "get to know each other" session. Communication with Kitty is good, she gives you address of motel and then room number when you text her you've arrived. Parking around Lidcome near where Kitty's motel was non existent, so had to hike a bit from the car to the motel.

The motel room door opens and I'm met by a short and voluptuous woman in her underwear. Initially I am a bit disappointed in her face, but I've since decided it was just from the angle of me looking down at her (I'd be at least a foot taller) - from other angles she's quite okay. After a token attempt to upsell to FS by Kitty, I hand over the cash for massage an am directed to the shower. I return and Kitty has thrown a towel over the bed and invites me to lie down. Kitty dispenses with her underwear bar a gold chain around her waist. I note the same C scar sandsifter does. It also doesn't bother me as I'm completely taken by her magnificent cans - they are perfect size and shape for mine. Kitty is no stick insect and she is guilding the lilly a bit to describe herself as "slim" in her ads, but I find her curves most appealing and nicely in proportion.

Kitty's massage is better than I was expecting and probably could have been even better had I given her more direction, however the massage on the hotel bed wasn't exactly comfortable and I wasn't really looking for quality massage anyhow. Things go downhill a bit when Kitty commences the body slide, which I find surprisingly unerotic and consequently when I'm asked to flip melboy jnr. is still asleep. Happily, the sight of those magnificent cans has him raising from his slumber. Like her massage, Kitty's HJ is better than most. Unfortunately I'm more tired than I thought and despite her vallient efforts I tell her to call it quits after it becomes clear it is just not going to happen. Convieniently for all my "timer" goes off about the same time. It sounds horribly clinical and would have been a complete mood killer had we been still going at it.

I hit the shower again and while getting dressed I extract what info I can from Kitty - she typically works to 11, and does a few weeks on followed by a few weeks off (this is why she kept disappearing on me). When I pop the question about BBBJ I get an answer in the affirmative, however in hindsight I suspect she didn't catch and/or hear every word so her affirmative reply might not be to what I asked - can anyone else confirm? I do know that CIM is certainly off the table though - I'm told to get a GF if that is what I want . She tells me I'm her last customer for the night as she has canceled her next booking (a regular) because she's not feeling well - not sure how much this has affected her service with me so I guess bear that in mind when reading this review. 

Out the door and walking back to the car I check the time - seems I've been time cheated by about 5 mins 

WIR? If I can confirm she does BBBJs, I'll be back at least once. Probably will even if I can't, just to be able to blow over those tits and because, as sandsifer says, she's a lovely lady. Service would have to improve for her to retain my business beyond this however.


