Thread Title: Kris - North Sydney: 0402 506 516
Floor: #1
Post Time: 30th October 2012, 03:59 PM
Poster ID: j450n
Post Title: 
 Kris - North Sydney: 0402 506 516
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Kris

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : October 30th

Rates : 100 / 30 mins FS

Age : 30 ish 

Size/shape : Slim 8

Nationality or Ethnicity : MLC

Services Provided : Daty, BBBJ, FS

Value for money/recommend? : It's reasonable VFM.

My experience/comments :  I had a sneaky  half hour to spare yesterday, and had been getting texts from this chick for a couple of months about visiting her. Getting a park near her place is a pain in the arse, and yesterday she offered me her own car park, so I figured I should at least do the gentlemanly thing....

Turned at the appointed time, the apartment is immaculate. Everything clean and new and well set up. Mood lighting, music, the lot. Really nice rack, a little saggy, but fills a bra perfectly. The only thing about her I really dont like is her teeth. She fair dinkum has the chompers from Ponch in 80's series CHiPs. Took care of the cash side of things, Get out of the shower and slowly undress Kris, she then started with the tongue down the chest before taking a knee and working my shaft. Worked tongue through to the sack and did some work there. I had to put a leg onto the bed so she could get a proper angle of lick going, and she's happy to do that as long as you want. Wont Face Fuck or DT, but will happily use a great feeling tongue on you anywhere from the base of your arse to the top of your cock, back and forth if you like all afternoon. Kris is very pleasant and took a finger slowly right into her pussy, it would appear you can DATY all you like and RIM her too if thats your thing. After about 15 minutes of her tongue and mouth, I had fought off the urge to cum a couple of times and decided to dom up and bend her over the dressing table towards the mirror....which worked well until we discovered it was better that way but me back on the edge of the bed and her sitting on me....for a while, then doggy, mish and a side saddle session before we agreed I would undom and unload on her chest....

Kris put her hands up like a little wall to protect her face....good thing too because as it turns out, yesterday was one of the very rare days I can shoot cum half a foot....suitably emptied, re-showered and on my way. 

Not one of my favourites, but good fun and where else in North Sydney can you get showered, blown, fucked and Free Parking for half an hour?

Disclaimer: I havent been able to find a thread on this chick, hence posted this one. If there is already one, sorry. Note: Kris is not entirely the name she gave me, but will answer to it on the phone, she's concerned that her old employed might note she is working for reasons I dont entirely understand. But the Ph No is accurate. If you are Admin or Mod and want more info, just PM me.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 30th October 2012, 04:38 PM
Poster ID: Chalk010
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Re the fine print: I am good with the post and its location.

Cheers

Chalk


Floor: #3
Post Time: 30th October 2012, 10:56 PM
Poster ID: chris_miles
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
fantastic bro....


Floor: #4
Post Time: 31st October 2012, 09:22 AM
Poster ID: seeto
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by j450n


... had been getting texts from this chick for a couple of months about visiting her
"""



Are you saying that she has been sending you unsolicited texts?


Floor: #5
Post Time: 31st October 2012, 09:43 PM
Poster ID: j450n
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by seeto


Are you saying that she has been sending you unsolicited texts
"""



Well, many a moon ago, I gave her my ph no. Unsolicited might be a slightly uncharitable way of putting it....but you are not a long way off the mark. More like friendly but unrequited marketing......


