Thread Title: Kristina de La Fère - Sydney (CBD) - 0410 755 967
Floor: #1
Post Time: 19th August 2010, 07:11 AM
Poster ID: MadMick
Post Title: 
 Kristina de La Fère - Sydney (CBD) - 0410 755 967
				
Post Content: 
I saw this beautiful bombshell blonde a few times already.

Looks wise she is a dead ringer for a famous porn star Sylvia Saint. She has an amazing size 8 dancers body with D cups bust. Fantastic mix of GFE/PSE service and really goes out of her way to please. Her BJ is one of the best I have ever had and she knows how to drive men crazy.

She has an immaculate apartment in Sydney CBD and it is spotless. She enjoys a glass of white wine also and it is pleasure to hear her sexy accent - it always feels as she just stepped out of the James Bond movie. When she greets me at the door wearing a sexy gown and high heels - it feels like meeting a playboy bunny!

She has a website with all the necessary information including contact and photos that don't do her justice.

http://kristinadelafere.weebly.com/my-gallery.html

Enjoy!


Floor: #2
Post Time: 19th August 2010, 08:16 AM
Poster ID: andrewblake
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
what a babe! she has been on my to visit list for awhile now! EE babes are a favorite of mine too!

thanks for the link and website details..

ab


Floor: #3
Post Time: 14th February 2011, 07:36 PM
Poster ID: maddogmax
Post Title: 
 First review of Kristina de la fere
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Kristina de la Fere

Establishment : Private Escort

Date of Visit: 5th Jan 2011

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: 0420 204 064

Hours of Business: 24/7

Rates: $500/hr

Age: 21

Size/shape: size8/D

Nationality or Ethnicity: Eastern european

Services Provided: BBBJ, COB, sex in variety of positions, full body massage

Value for money/recommend?: A little pricey but worth it if you have the dough

My experience/comments: 

Kristina De La Fere, the girl I read about from a forum. She's got some really nice pictures on her website. She's kinda like my perfect type, blonde, blue eyed eastern European babe lol.

Got to her apartment in the CBD. When she opened the door I was like "wow", she's got a great body, though the face was not as cute as I'd imagined, but still pretty hot.

I got out of the shower, she led me into the bedroom. We cuddled for a few seconds, then she slowly removed my underwear, and started to suck my cock with her bare, fully wicked lips…Man it was great, my first BBBJ (bare back blowjob). She does this side way action with her mouth, which is pretty unique. I was fully turned on at this moment.

We decided to do mish first. I thrusted my cock deep into her wet, shaven, pink little pussy. I held her close to me while pounding her mish style. She was hot, I can feel the heat radiating from her body, it was great…

After a while we decided to try doggy. She bent over on the bed, I spread her pink pussy and licked her clit. Then I shoved my big hard cock into her from the back, banging her. Again, my glens penis was over sensitive, so I had to stop.

She gave me a massage and we took a break. After shower, I asked her to give me another BBBj, which she happily obliged. She was sucking and stroking my hard cock, and asked me if I wanted to cum on her big, firm, perfect breasts. I was like fuck yeah. I came hard, as always, I came all over her tits, it was fucking incredible.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 14th February 2011, 07:40 PM
Poster ID: maddogmax
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
and here is the link to her site: http://kristinadelafere.weebly.com/


Floor: #5
Post Time: 14th February 2011, 07:50 PM
Poster ID: andrewblake
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Welcome to AUXXXR MDX,

Great review of the EE goddess.. she is still on my wish list to visit.. 

Keep reviewing and posting!

Well Done..

AB


Floor: #6
Post Time: 15th February 2011, 10:49 AM
Poster ID: Bracket
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by maddogmax


... I got out of the shower, she led me into the bedroom. We cuddled for a few seconds, then she slowly removed my underwear..
"""



  Good review, but I'm interested in how you came to have your jocks on after the shower.  Do you shower in your jocks, or do you put them back on afterwards – and why?!


Floor: #7
Post Time: 15th February 2011, 02:45 PM
Poster ID: SimpleSimon
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
The way I read it, whilst he was in the shower, she put his underwear on (an obscure fetish perhaps)


Floor: #8
Post Time: 27th March 2011, 10:53 AM
Poster ID: auyetj
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Kristina DelaFere

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit:27/03/2011

Contact Details/Address/Weblink:0420204064

Hours of Business: call to confirm

Rates:450/hr

Age:21

Size/shapeerfect 8

Nationality or Ethnicity: Russian

Services Provided: BBBJ, Mutual French, FS, Massage

Value for money/recommend?: Definitely.

My experience/comments:

After reading the above 2 reviews of Kristina, and saw her nice pics from her website, I have long been planning 

to visit her (hate my work which always gives me overtime...). Anyways, sms'ed Kristina early evening today, got a 

reply quickly after. A few sms's the time was fixed. I was quite excited to see her as she sounds and looks like 

my type lol 

After opening the door I see this hot blonde hiding behind the door with sexy lingerie. man I can't take my eye 

off those perfect boobs, they are just perfect, period. After the shower she led me to the bedroom where there was 

candles and perfect lighting (I know, what the fck am i paying attention to the room for when i have this babe 

with me ?!?). 

"we don't want that..." she slowly removed my underwear and smoothly put my cock in her mouth - everything 

happened so naturally lol and it was just fabulous. there is nothing hotter than this babe looks up at you while 

sucking your cock hard, and even better,you get to see the whole image from the wardrobe mirror right next to you. 

damn...

"i want you to lie down" she orders and she turned around, and slowly, slowly took off her panties. Her hunger for 

more BBBJ throws her onto the bed and after a short while when i said "show me what you like", she turned around 

and i was facing a nicely shaven, soft pink pussy. I grabbed her nice soft smooth ass and her pussy tastes sweet 

with mint flavour. i honestly had to really control myself while having Kristina working on my cock and 

tasting her at the same time.

"Do you want to fuck that tight pussy?" i was like hell yeah it's about time! we started as cowgirl and then doggie and then mish and then doggie again (guess that's her favourite), we fucked like there's no tomorrow. Her tight pussy and those awesome boobs make you just wanna freeze time and don't wanna live tomorrow! 

"That was a great fuck..." we both laid down and both made our same comment lol. After the shower we had a pleasant conversation and a cigerate on the balcony facing the beautiful Sydney city night view, during which i mentioned auxxxreview to her and to my suprise she had no idea about this site at all! Hope she's registered now and is able to read my review 

All for all this babe is worth everything. oh and her accent does make things sexier than usual hahaha definitely a plus. I overstayed for about 20 mins but she was in no rush and we had a 2nd cigerate before I headed off and finished this awesome encounter with Kristina.

The only thing was that I guess I didn't get to see her awesome "side way action" when BBBJ as mentioned above, and didn't ask for a 2nd BBBJ as I was quite happy with what I got. Guess that'll be on the table for our next encounter. If you get the chance of spending time with Kristina seize it, you won't regret it


Floor: #9
Post Time: 27th March 2011, 12:56 PM
Poster ID: SimpleSimon
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
deja vu all over again


Floor: #10
Post Time: 1st April 2011, 11:21 PM
Poster ID: Benwpxx
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
You guys just wrote the great review,she is hot in her web site


Floor: #11
Post Time: 26th July 2012, 09:48 PM
Poster ID: Hole in the Head
Post Title: 
 Kristina de La Fère
				
Post Content: 
Hi chaps,

Have had the pleasure of bonking this girl a couple of times.  The last was earlier this year - CBD based down Town Hall way.  I understand that she is taking a break (studying English) but hopefully will be back.  She better!

You can see her profile still at;
Kristine de La Fere Private Sydney Escort

The picutures are her so not much more to describe. Young, blonde, east european (from the Ukraine I think - gotta luv that accent) bonking machine. A little on the pricey side of life but got to see her at $400ph.  Great dd boobies, enhanced but not those rock hard things.  Real nice.  Need to be a little careful as she only let me suck on her right boob and not the left because, as she said, "that is mine".  So she licked her left nipple while I was munching on the right side. Fair enough.

Always a nice look that.

I would say that in terms of BJs, she would be up there. She has this way of holding the base of your dick and using her mouth on the head in a swirling, and very wet, motion. Like she is on a mission from god to extract every bit of juice out that the ol'fella.  First pop and on her boobs. Her request I might say. 

She is a bit of a clean freak as she orders you off to a shower to wash up. Also, had a shower at the start. And then she follows and cleans up.  Ready for round 2.

Also, the first time I had the pleasure of bonking her was after Christmas (during the first week of the cricket at the SCG to be exact) and during the intermission she gave some of her russian potato salad.  Nice and tasty and highly recommended.  Nice little chat about things during this time.  Always nice to have a deep and meaningful stark naked with a young blonde that you are about to go and bonk shortly.

After some gentle kissing, caressing, down down on that tasty love hole of hers with a few fingers gently going in and out, climbed up on the face with the ole' fella deep into that beautiful mouth.  He rises to attention, on with the hat and her on her back on the bed, legs wide apart (you know the scene) and in I go.  Nice and tight. Start pumping away and she has this technique with the vagina (can say this after that ad on TV) muscles that almost tries to squash the juice out of the dick. Ask her to go into doggie position with me standing on the side of the bed.  She lies on her stomach and goes as flat as she can with that great arse stick up.  And I start banging away from behind as hard as I can.  Kristina is looking directly at me but in the mirror in front on her and urging me on to go hard as I want.

Gotto pay respect to her for showing initiative (or how ever you spell the word).

Pop 2.  Off to the shower and a bit of a chit chat and then off I go.  Well over 1 hour.

Please cum back Kristina!

Cheers


