Thread Title: Kumi - Sydney CBD - 0426486575
Floor: #1
Post Time: 2nd September 2018, 04:36 PM
Poster ID: WickedWilly
Post Title: 
 Kumi - Sydney CBD - 0426486575
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Kumi

Establishment : Private, 8 mins walk from Town Hall.

Date of Visit : Early August 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Whatsapp +85263860117, Wechat kkww888kkww

Phone : 0426486575

Hours of Business : 24hr

Rates : $350 ph

Age : late 20's / early 30's

Size/shape : Size 6-7, 165cm, B cup

Nationality or Ethnicity : Hong Kong Chinese,  spoken English not bad.

Services Provided : cbj / fs / shower together

Value for money/recommend? : Expensive, but great service, YMMV

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

Found this WL by chance. I was playing with wechat's find people nearby function and noticed this pretty one - a lot of the WL's using this app put a QR code in their moments - it kinds of makes them stand out. In her case that led to a profile that was pretty clearly labelled as in out call. I sent a greeting and within a few mins, got asked if I wanted "service". I said yes and she sends  some more photos (with fewer clothes) and the price list. To my eyes, which are biased to liking slim beautiful girls, I really liked what I saw, at least an 8 - it was going to be expensive, but I never went straight into FS with a WL before so I decided to give it a shot and see what would happen. I was on my way home at the time, and she doesn't really chat, but I had some specific questions and if she wanted me to part with $350 she needed to answer them - mostly because I needed her to be able to speak English and be OK with an older guy who takes his time. Satisfied I set a booking for the next week. I don't want to give the date for privacy reasons. 

I showed up at her apartment, and she made me wait a little by the door quite near a busy street for about 5 mins. Eventually, she buzzes me in and I go to where I was instructed.

Her apartment was a mess, but I wasn't here for that. She looked better than the photos which was a great surprise. We undress and shower, she has a great body and I am in anticipation of what was to follow. In the shower she did all the work and ensures I am clean  She dries me off, offers me mouthwash and we go to the bed. 

I lie back and she doms me up and commences a reasonable CBJ, for me this is usually a waste of time, but it got me from half mast to full, and she didn't waste anytime getting on top and getting me inside. After about 3 mins we switch to doggy. The DOM she gave me was tight and I wasn't feeling and after another 5 mins or so we switched to mish. I liked her eyes and I brushed her hair back with my hand, behind her ear. I think she liked it when I touched her ear so I did a bit more. I start to build up and enjoy an nice intimate 10 mins of good old missionary intimate style shagging - after a while she asked me if I would prefer a HJ to finish, but I wanted to finish this way, so we carried on until the natural conclusion. 

Showered again together, then I dried myself got dressed, some more small talk and I left.

I liked her, the service was acceptable, but I could have done with a larger condom (even though I am by no means above average), and I will probably not return, I think she is around for a a couple more months before returning to HK.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 6th September 2019, 08:09 PM
Poster ID: WickedWilly
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Kumi

Establishment : Private, 8 mins walk from Town Hall.

Date of Visit : August 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Whatsapp +85263860117 Wechat: kumi333

Hours of Business : 24hr

Rates : $350 ph

Age : 30's

Size/shape : Size 6-7, 165cm, B cup

Nationality or Ethnicity : Hong Kong Chinese, spoken English not bad.

Services Provided : cbj / fs / shower together

Value for money/recommend? : Expensive, but great service, YMMV

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

I dont use whatsapp so I googled her whatsapp number and found the wechat kumi333, this is what I used to get back in contact in late July. Found out she was newly back in Sydney and was up for a meeting. That took me three weeks to sort out, but this was the result.

Booked an hour, turned up, got made to wait - exactly as before - annoying bit seems to be something that happens a lot. Soon I was allowed to enter the apartment building and hit the elevator.

Was invited in, shes in her "working" dress which is quite pretty, but it soon comes off and we hop in the shower together, she washes me and pays good attention to my tackle - probably doing the usual checks as discreetly as possible. Good job.

Soon I am on the bed, and getting intimate, plenty of skin on skin, just as I like, she even kisses me. I had to ask if I could last time which was a year ago and I am doubtful she even remembered me - aside that it was evident from the booking conversation we had met before.

Her formula is unchanged. Dom, CBJ, and then sex in three main positions, cowgirl, doggy, finish in mish.

For me I decide I really like her body and take my time. I wasn't able to get her off, but she was active in the sex and certainly got me off effectively. Showered again and gone.

I think we clicked more this time than I remember from before (review above), a bit exy, but pretty good if you like smaller girls with a bit of experience under their belts. She gave me her private wechat, and we will probably meet again.


