Thread Title: Kyla - Camperdown - 0404 618 065
Floor: #1
Post Time: 5th December 2017, 07:43 AM
Poster ID: Fuzzynuts
Post Title: 
 Kyla - Camperdown - 0404 618 065
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Kyla

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : Nov 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :Gorgeous, all natural Australian independent escort. Rates from $150. - Sydney escorts - backpage.com.au

Hours of Business : Casual

Rates : 200/30

Age : Early 30's maybe

Size/shape : big boned but decent shape. Similar to the pics plus 10kg

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie 

Services Provided : DFK, CBJ, HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Probably for others, not for me.

My experience/comments : 
After a long successful run at Ginza I decided to try something new and TOFTT on a new Cauc girl on Backpage. 
The pics look like the sort of girl I like, trim but curvy with a nice rack. It's also refreshing to call a private and speak to the girl directly, not text only to some halfwit pimp with poor communication skills.
Kyla's has a nice apartment just up from Sydney Uni, and on entry I was a little disappointed. While there's nothing wrong with Kyla, a lot of guys would probably like her, I was foolishly expecting the girl in the pics, and I'm fussy. 
Service was not bad, she put some effort in to make it work but I wasn't feeling it. We kissed, we played with each other, but as soon as the condom came on I started to deflate. Kyla put a fair bit of effort in to resurrect the little fella, but after several minutes it was apparent it wasn't working so we ended the session.
$200 is now considered value for a nice cauc girl in a nice location with a decent attitude, so others may get some value, but not my cup of tea.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 5th December 2017, 06:24 PM
Poster ID: Waldo
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hey Fuzzynuts,

Interesting review, in that you say it's nice to actually speak with the WL in question on the phone and not some pimp, but that is largely negated is it not by you saying it is not the girl in the pics? Or not the girl you were expecting?

Is it just that she is 10kgs heavier or is there something else that was not quite right?

She looks like she has a great body, exactly to type I like. I don't like skinny girls, much prefer them the way she appears in backpage, but I'm now questioning my views based on what you are saying...

She is certainly not cheap.....

Not at all being critical, but just wanting to know has she deceived you and if so 'exactly' how?

I might point out she is at pains to say it is her in he pics and not fake like some many other profiles on here (here of course referring to her profile on backpage....)

$450 for one hour (with extra being BBBJ) is well up there....

Thanks in advance,

W


Floor: #3
Post Time: 11th December 2017, 06:38 AM
Poster ID: Fuzzynuts
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Not sure what to say, the pics aren't her. She's obviously chosen a model that has similar features/hair but the model has a banging body, you know that thick but tight with a great set of tits, whereas Kyla was just a biggish girl with an ok body, not the banging body in the pic. You obviously can't see all of the face in the pic, but to me it's not the same girl.<br>
<br>
I consider $200/30 a decent rate for a nice cauc girl in a nice place near the city. You can of course get cheaper out west but I don't have time for that.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 11th December 2017, 10:43 AM
Poster ID: Waldo
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Ok fuzzynuts, I get your point now entirely.

The bod in the pics is smoking hot........

Fraudster though.....


Floor: #5
Post Time: 12th December 2017, 11:14 AM
Poster ID: gurupub
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
The girl in the pics is a model named Erica Campbell who was popular in porn around 10+ yrs ago.


