Thread Title: Kylie - Eastwood - 0406 844 052
Floor: #1
Post Time: 17th October 2019, 08:39 PM
Poster ID: kasurwar
Post Title: 
 Kylie - Eastwood - 0406 844 052
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Kylie

Establishment : Private apartment Eastwood

Date of Visit : Sometime in April 19. Can't remember the date.

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.escortsandbabes.com.au/P...mmer5842/Phone : 0406 844 052

Hours of Business : 24x7 as per ad

Rates : $120/ 30 minutes

Age : 22 As per Ad. Under 25 in actual.

Size/shape : slim body, C or D cups, TRIMMED pussy. 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : FS, BBBJ, Massage

Value for money/recommend? : Yes for sure. Except for one thing. Read in end.

My experience/comments:

Found this add on E&B and the photos looked genuine so contacted via call & was provided step by step directions on SMS. She operated from a very new unit in Epping/Eastwood with a secure access.

Upon entry I was greeted nicely by an medium aged lady, and I initially thought what have i gotten myself into, but judging from my expressions, she herself told she's not the girl. I was relieved! Was shown way to a bedroom. I think there is one more bedroom from where another girl operates.

Kylie was inside the bedroom in a small bikini and looked exactly as shown in the pictures, may be even taller & prettier! Settled the expenses with her i.e. 120/half an hour. She went outside while signalling me to bathe. Quite clean facilities with hot water so I enjoyed warming myself up.

She was waiting for me as I came out & herself took initiative of taking my towel away while saying hello to me down under! Nice gesture! Then we were on the bed & she started with a nice overall cat bath with soft lip kisses. As she reached my dick, I was expecting her to put the dom on as BBBJ wasnt in the list, but was surprised as she started licking it without the dom. Then she asked herself if I would prefer BJ with dom or without. Being a gentleman, I told whatever she's most comfy with. She took a wet tissue out & gave my dick a clean while saying you're very clean let us do it without the dom! I was ecstatic!

What followed was 5-7 minutes of nice sucking & licking while i played with her body, boobs & pussy. Next I put the dommy on & we were onto our first position of her being on top for 5 minutes. After the nice BJ, i thought i might cum soon, so we changed position to missionary where I was in more control of my fluids! We tried a few different angles after which moved onto hers & my favourite doggy & thus began the thumps which she seemed to enjoy genuinely as well! 

Finally we moved to pillow under her pelvis & continued the doggy lying down with our bodies touching each other fully and i had a nice & long ejaculation. Judging by her facial expressions towards the end she too seemed quite satisfied (or may be she was a very good pro, guess I will never know!).She helped clean up & we took to the shower one by one. 

After that had a little bit of relaxing massage and off I go. On my way out, i had a look at the other girl, who was dark skinned, but didnt get to see her face. Would like to try her out as well some day.

Overall a great experience. If you're reading till this point, you got to know one thing which I didnt like at all. Which is, I kept getting SMSs from that number with the emoji of a bikini twice a week, after which I had to block that number & my reason for not going back to check out the other girl since then. This can be scary for people with girl friends/wives out there. I am still single so doesn't bother me much. But i think that is not a very good thing to do!


Floor: #2
Post Time: 17th October 2019, 09:44 PM
Poster ID: Stevegem
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
The link is dead, review from 6 months ago?


Floor: #3
Post Time: 17th October 2019, 11:26 PM
Poster ID: pmz
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by Stevegem


The link is dead, review from 6 months ago
"""



it works if dont include phone 

https://www.escortsandbabes.com.au/P...nt/summer5842/


