Thread Title: Kylie - Erskineville - 0438 924 911
Floor: #1
Post Time: 13th March 2011, 11:34 AM
Poster ID: coolaus23
Post Title: 
 Kylie - Erskineville - 0438 924 911
				
Post Content: 
Hi guys this my only my second post!!!!! 

NAME : kylie matthews

Nationality : Australian

AGE : 30 (my guess)

Size/Height : 10/bcups, 5'7

Service : FS/EROTIC MASSAGE

Rates : 130$ for half-hour erotic massage/220$ for half-hour FS

She is a friendly women and a private working lady in erskineville. I had got her contact from one of my mates. I met her during last october and was a good one. Although i was a newbie that time and tried only the erotic massage. But looking forward to fix up a FS one day with her. She is polite and kind especially if u r a newbie or a first timer. 

Sorry guys i have'nt tried a FS with her but i feel worth to give a punt. But one valuable tip. I remember her telling me she dos'nt kiss....

Her website is here Australian Kylie - a genuine Independent Escort - disclaimer

Guys any one who goes on a FS plz update ur suggestions...


Thanks

Coolaus23


Floor: #2
Post Time: 22nd January 2015, 09:46 PM
Poster ID: fjfan
Post Title: 
 Kylie Matthews (aka Australian Kylie) Sydney/Brisbane - 0438 924 911
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Kylie Matthews  

Establishment : Private Residence 

Date of Visit : 31/12/2014 corrected

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Australian Kylie - a genuine Independent Escort - about me 

Hours of Business : 8am - midnight

Rates : $250 per hour for erotic relaxation ($50 for "extras")
           $350 per hour for full service

          For more details go to her rates page (Australian Kylie - a genuine Independent Escort - rates)

Age : Lists her age as 36 in her website but she's defenitely in her forties. 

Size/shape : I suppose she would be considered a curvy woman. Here are some pictures of her on her website: Australian Kylie - a genuine Independent Escort - gallery

Nationality or Ethnicity : Caucasian 

Services Provided : I honestly can't list a complete package of services she offers as I didn't bother asking. 

Value for money/recommend? : Not for me but I may go back for a shorter session next time. 

My experience/comments : I had been planning on having a punt the whole of 2014 so I decided that NYE was as good a time as any to set some fireworks of my own off. Communications between us before hand where easy and she always responded promptly and pleasantly (I recommend emailing her first). I suppose what attracted me to her was the part in her bio in which she says she "loves to meet men with a foot fetish".  

I only paid for an hour of erotic relaxation in which she charged me extra to cater to my foot fetish ($250 per hour for erotic relaxation + $50 for extra). She made me have a shower and then proceeded to give me a fairly average massage on her massage table and gave me a footjob on her bed. Even though I got the footjob that I wanted (which was great btw), it was a very awkward experience in which I was never able to completely relax at any stage and was defenitely not worth the $300 I spent in total.


