Thread Title: Lala - Burwood - 0435 750 560
Floor: #1
Post Time: 19th May 2020, 07:32 PM
Poster ID: cubecubecube
Post Title: 
 Lala - Burwood - 0435 750 560
				
Post Content: 
Name: Lala

Establishment: Victoria St Burwood - apartment details will be provided.

Date of visit: Saturday 16/05/2020

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: 36 Victoria St Burwood; 0435 750 560

Phone: 0435 750 560

Hours of Business: 24/7; Visit around 6:00pm

Rates: $130.00 / 30min

Age: Late 20's/Early 30's

Size/Shape: Bit chubby / B Cup

Nationality or Ethnicity: Chinese

Services Provided: DATY, FS, BBBJ (Extra $50.00)

Value for money/recommended?: Yes - dependant on what the punter is looking for

My experience/comments:

Ad for Lala's services was found whilst browsing online classifieds. A quick text message for a booking and time and a location was provided. When arriving at the location, a photo mark up description on how to access the apartment is provided (there are 2 different accesses/elevators for the same apartment building as you can not enter through one of them - i made this mistake). Also important to note that the buzzer is slightly hidden as it is located near the access to the medical centre on the GF. Once i buzzed the number, i was let through and went to the requisite floor and apartment number.

A quick knock and the door was opened by a Chinese girl - maybe late 20's-early 30's with a chubby face/body. Not too BBW which is not too my taste, but definitely not skinny by any means. However at the moment i wasn't too fussed as i hadn't had a FS service in a long time. Walked in and entered the first room on the left - interesting that the doors are aluminium sliding doors as opposed to a traditional swing door (these doors weren't exactly the most sound proof and during my encounter could hear the girls in the other areas chatting but nothing too distracting). Quickly exchanged the fee and was provided a towel and was able to shower (no shower service was offered to me). The toilet is neat so no issues there i think there are atleast 2 or 3 girls that work in the apartment. 

The room itself was quite simple, one bed and one table with a dim table light. Lala began with some DFK which is always a bonus as i know a lot of girls don't offer this service, and probably spent a good 10 minutes doing this. She proceeded to then go down on me and put a condom on - but i told her i'd give her extra $50 for BBBJ which was accepted. I would say that the BBBJ was satisfactory, on the odd occasion it would get a little rough but overall wasn't unpleasant. From there i proceeded to put her on her back and penetrate her in missionary. For a girl with big thighs, she was quite flexible which is always enjoyable for me as i enjoy pinning her legs behind her head and trying to go as deep as possible. Her cowboy is quite rough as she doesn't ride up and down but rather sits on you and does a grinding back and forth motion - i know some girls do this but i don't enjoy it as much so when i was fucking her it was mainly missionary. Last 5 minutes did some DATY and even got to lick her arse before she finished me off with a handjob whilst DFK.

Overall was a good experience from the point of someone who hadn't been to a FS in a long time whilst the iso period had been in effect. Facilities are quite simple, but clean and satisfactory enough, and the overall experience with Lala was good. I wouldn't see her again if i had the choice, but normally the results can be quite up and down, so it is always good when it isn't a bad experience.

Happy punting


