Thread Title: Lana - Private- 0477 504 799
Floor: #1
Post Time: 24th March 2017, 11:00 AM
Poster ID: Bob64
Post Title: 
 Lana - Private- 0477 504 799
				
Post Content: 
I had noticed this girl on Cracker, she was advertising 1 hour for $150.00, she normally charges $200.00 and decided it was time to give her a try. I made my appointment via text which was easy.
Her add which is not up anymore, probably as she told me she was going away for two weeks, states that she prefers men over 35 and certain nationalities were excluded.
I made the appointment for Thursday at 11:00am and texted her at 9:30am saying I was on way and could I have her address, she quickly responded with the address at Olympic park. Off I drive, she texts me at 10:15am asking how soon will I get there. I send back our meeting is for 11:00am i should be there before then.
I arrived a bit early but parking was horrible, had to park about 2km away. She text me again at 10:45am 'have you arrived yet', I'm starting to get concerned at this point. I state I have just parked the car and will be there by 11:00am.
I arrive at her building and push in the code she gave me for the lift and up I go, and then head for the room. I knock on the door, it opens with her behind it and then I notice a short, curvy girl. She has short brown hair, pretty, nice D cup boobs, very friendly and she later tells me she is 28 years old, which I would believe. Her mum is Malaysian so she is a very nice mix. She asks me if I need a shower or anything to drink and then leads me to the bedroom.
We both undress and she then asks me do I like to kiss, which I answer yes and am I clean which I answer yes.
Now her version of kissing and my version are totally different. Hers is to peck kiss, like cartoon characters and then occasionally stick her tongue out and push it into your mouth. I could not get use to this so moved down her body and started kissing her neck and boobs.
This is when it got weirder, she was totally silent, did not make one sound at all, I kissed, sucked, licked her boobs, made my way down to a nicely shaved pussy, licked away until my jaw hurt and not one bit of noise and the whole time she did not move a millimetre. I wasn't really sure if she was asleep.
So I said lets get a condom on, she asked if I wanted a BBBJ first, I though Ok lets see how this goes. Surprisingly she was quite good, I had to stop her as I would have cum. So on with teh dom and she asks what position so I say her on top. She lubs up first and then climbs on top. She is moving up and down but I'm unsure how far my dick is in her, again no sounds. So I grab her arse and start hammering from underneath her and she starts to gasp and make noise until I blow my load.
We clean up and have a chat, she has had problems in the past with younger guys.
Round two starts basically the same way, the kissing is doing my head in, so I try sucking her boobs and licking her pussy, again no response. I ask for a condom, on it goes, she lubes up and this time I'm on top. She has a wrought iron bed which obviously has some loose bolts and it squeaks the house down. I go in hard and deep and finally she is making some great noises. I pump as hard and as fast as I can until I blow the 2nd load. Have a shower, get changed and get out of there.
Would I go back, No not even for the $150.00 it only cost me, she is not my cup of tea.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 24th March 2017, 11:14 AM
Poster ID: nextlif
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Same lady as here? Its the same phone number.  https://auxxxreviews.com/forum/f100/...t=0477+504+799

We would appreciate reviews on the template please dc61


Floor: #3
Post Time: 23rd April 2017, 03:35 PM
Poster ID: Stevegem
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lana

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : Mid April (just before Easter)

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0477 504 799
Lana Friendly & Mattured ?/ Men35++ /Private Incall/AVAILABLE NOW / OlympicPark - Sydney escorts - cracker.com.au

Hours of Business : as per ad, currently 9am - 2pm most days

Rates : 
INCALL RATES 30min $100 AFTER 7PM $150, 1HR $200 AFTER 7PM $250


Age : mid 20's

Size/shape : chubby, handful breasts, very smooth and faultless skin, Asian looking

Nationality or Ethnicity : not sure , looks Asian to me (chinese?)

Services Provided : BBBJ and FS

Value for money/recommend? : Not for me, others im sure will be fine


Title: The book is always better than the movie


Hi all

Had seen Lanas cracker ads for a good while now and finally saw her one morning about a week or two back now. Booked her for 30min/$100

Firstly, she advertises as "Australian European mix", and over the phone her English is perfect, very sweet. However, Had I walked down the street and someone asked me to guess her nationality I would have said chinese/thai. This was a huge disappointment for me when I saw her in the flesh. There is a ton of Asian places around if I wanted an Asian looking bird. Her face reminded me a lot of the famous Fiona (now working privately in Penrith) though Fiona is not as chubby and has far bigger breasts (and far better bbbj).

Proceeded with the punt. Showered there and onto the bed in the bedroom. Lana disrobes and comes over and asks multiple questions eg. if I like kissing, if i'm clean , if I like bbbj etc...Felt a bit clinical and unwarm to be honest. Did the kissing which wasn't sexy or exciting for me, some tongue used but no passion in it. Onto some BBBJ, Nothing to write home about, after 2 minutes she said "shall we start?". Asked for more bj, which was a bit better and got me really bone hard. Again short lived before she lubed up and jumped on top. Played with the tits as my ass was humping up and down. She didn't have much traction, probably has been banged day in day out for a year as her ads have been around for a long time. Flipped her on her back for some mish, pumped for a few minutes and blew. All done in under 15 minutes.

Lana before the punt and after the punt is a lovely girl to chat with I cant fault her personality or friendliness here. BUT for me the actual sucking and fucking is a let down. On top of this her looks didn't do anything for me. Her cracker pictures hide her huge tummy, and her naked breasts picture is misleading, her tits are half that size. As mentioned previously im sure she would have many older gents (she advertises she wants over 35s) who love being in her company and that's great. For me, ticked her off my bucket list.

Her ad



WORK HOURS AVAILABLE
 9AM UNTIL 2AM Bookings Essential

 Full Service Includes GF Experience Passionate Service, KISSNG, Natural ORAL ON YOU & ME 100% CLEAN, FOREPLAY, SEX 


INCALL RATES
 30min $100 AFTER 7PM $150
 45min $150 
 1HR $200 AFTER 7PM $250

 I DONT PARTY. NO ANAL NO CIM. NO COUPLES 


 Im 100% DD FREE&SAFETY GIRL
 I'm genuine and very sweet 
 I'm sensual passionate, petite with curves, size ten 
 Aussie European Mix,
 hazel eyes & brunette, 28yrs old 
 well mannered & matture 
 0477 504 799


Floor: #4
Post Time: 24th April 2017, 09:30 AM
Poster ID: Paris LeCoq
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Sorry, but where did you get Asian from? There is nothing Asian about her features or her bodyshape


Floor: #5
Post Time: 24th April 2017, 09:38 AM
Poster ID: WOTAN01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by Paris LeCoq


Sorry, but where did you get Asian from? There is nothing Asian about her features or her bodyshap
"""
 


Paris have you read Stevengem's review? Have you actually seen Lana? Some European countries have been invaded or border on Asian and have rather Asian looking features but nevertheless deem themselve Euorpean.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 24th April 2017, 01:40 PM
Poster ID: Paris LeCoq
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Yes, I have seen Lana, a unit in Olympic Park. (I am not including address for privacy, but it was a modern unit that was undergoing renovation due to water damage and she has a bed that squeaks like crazy when you get down to business.)

Last time Europe was invaded by Asians was in the 13 Century by the Mongols. 

I went to see Lana specifically cause I wanted something different from the usual Asian girls at brothels
She looks more southern/eastern European if anything but she doesn't have any very strong features either way and def no Asian, I would't even say half Asian.

But hey who cares, she was a nice, great butt, but a pretty vanilla experience for me.
-Paris


Floor: #7
Post Time: 24th April 2017, 09:47 PM
Poster ID: Stevegem
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
dc61 mentions she has a Malaysian mother, the body is definitely not a typical Asian (she is on the larger side). But facial features are
My first, second and last impression of her during the session was she has a lot of Asian in her (facially)

We agree, a very vanilla type service


