Floor: #1
Post Time: 8th April 2017, 11:55 PM
Poster ID: Stylsh
Post Title: 
 Lana /Vanessa - Bankstown - 0498 957 578
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lana Bankstown 

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 17/03/2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : ????? Asian Vanessa In Burwood!! Massage + F/S ?????? - Sydney escorts - cracker.com.au

Hours of Business : 9am - 4pm

Rates : $70 - 30mins $100 - 1Hr

Age : ad says 26 ( ill say atleast 30+)

Size/shape : size 6 nice body, C+ cup

Nationality or Ethnicity : vietnamese 

Services Provided : massage/ cbj / hj 

Value for money/recommend? : ok for the price

My experience/comments : 

Made a booking with lana via sms for a 30 minutes massage at 3pm. Parking was easy to find at aldi in banktown.  Walked over and was given directions from lana to enter via the side door of the apartment. Lana was waiting at the door and walked me to her room. When i got into the room she told me that she was vanessa and not lana. i didnt really care because i wanted a quick release that day. Paid Vanessa $70 for 30mins and was told to lay face down on the bed. 

Vanessa  has a nice body with fake C+ Cups, she started of with ok massge using mostly her legs to massage my body. That went on for about 15 mins and was asked to turn over. Vanessa grab a comdom and starts a cbj. The cbj was average and she was sucking a little too hard and fast trying to get me to cum. That went on for about 3mins, she took of the comdom and started giving me a hj. I asked her if she could turn around so i could play with her pussy. Vanessa said it was ok but i had to be gentle and no fingers in. i started to slowly play with her pussy while she gave me a hj until she got me over the line and finished. Was offered a shower which i declined and i was back out of the door.

Overall it was ok for a quick fix. cant really complain much for that price. Vanessa told me that she will be moving to burwood next week which is why the ad link is now located in burwood.


