Thread Title: Lana Jade - Sydney - 0426 218 250
Floor: #1
Post Time: 4th June 2016, 07:27 PM
Poster ID: smillion222
Post Title: 
 Lana Jade - Sydney - 0426 218 250
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lana Jade

Establishment : Park Hyatt, Sydney 

Date of Visit : 18/05/2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://scarletblue.com.au/escort/lana-jade Ph: 0426 218 250

Hours of Business : 11am to 12am Wed to Sun

Rates : $600 an hour 

Age : early 20s to mid 20s

Size/shape : C cup, slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : BJ, DATY, FS

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments :


Lana Jade has been a regular of mine for a couple of months. Just her sheer beauty is enough to make me keep coming back. Her large sexy eyes had captured my attention in some of her online photos. Plus the remarkable way she looked so hot with that blonde hair of hers.

Meeting at the hotel, lobby a bit of brief confusion occurred as I was waiting at the wrong lifts but we were soon laughing about it in the ride back to the room. We chatted briefly in the room, Lana handing me a lovely glass of Shiraz, before I retired to the shower asking Lana to join me.

Soon we were soaking in the hot water and Lana was cradling my enthusiasm. I was just thinking I'd like to eat some of that pussy, when Lana beat me and suddenly squatted down and swallowed my cock. This went on for a while and I thought I'd better return the favour, so I knelt down and started lapping away, the temperature of the shower certainly rose and Lana began enthusiastically moaning. We had to stop though before we broke the shower screen. Off to the living room for a little more wine, before throwing Lana on the bed and resuming my lapping. There must have been some residual arousal from the shower, because Lana very quickly raised her hips and then had to squirm away from over-sensitivity following her orgasm.

'Your turn' she demanded, pushing me back against the pillow and then proceeded with an enthusiastic blowjob which I came on her stomach 10 minutes later.

I offered Lana a massage as I didn't want to rush into her again is she may have still been too sensitive following her O. Naturally she had no objections to this and being very loquacious I kept going for a while before I realised I was wasting valuable 'fucking' time.

'Quick let’s get a condom on' I declared, to which Lana readily agreed. Slipping into Lana, she began setting the pace, by guiding my thrusting tempo by pulling me in with her thighs, before crossing her legs behind my back. Delightful! Soon things got hot and heavy and sweat was flowing, moaning was occurring and we were swapping through a variety of positions; (I threw the butter churn in there for a bit of novelty). This is where things went slightly pear shaped, as per typical hotel behaviour, the bed was covered in extraneous pillows, passionately throwing away one that had bounced into an obscuring position we were greeted with the sound of smashing glass as the pillow hit and shattered the two glasses of wine we had left beside the bed. Oops. This admittedly put a damper on the proceedings. We stopped and had a look and a bit of a breather before I finished in doggy. Lana was very nice about it saying accidents do happen and it was in the heat of the moment. Unfortunately I was out of time, though I would have enjoyed a bit more munching time. So off to the shower to clean up.

This is where the little kid in me came to the fore. Earlier I had discovered Lana's supply of sex toys whilst getting towels, amongst which was a massive dildo with a sucker end. I couldn't resist sticking this to the bathroom wall with a might slap.

'Guess what I've done?', I called out. 'I know', laughed Lana back, 'only one thing makes that noise' and she came into the room so we could both admire the world biggest bathroom hook. (My mind boggled trying to picture Lana taking this monster).
All in all a great session. Lana is remarkably chirpy and easy to talk to ,we had a great time and a few giggles.


