Thread Title: Lara - Wynyard - 0431 795 097
Floor: #1
Post Time: 1st December 2015, 07:18 PM
Poster ID: Fuzzynuts
Post Title: 
 Lara - Wynyard - 0431 795 097
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lara

Establishment : Private near Wynyard

Date of Visit : December 2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : ?? LARA - Aussie Brunnette - $200 ONLY Sexy Flight Attendant loves to get naughty!!! ?? - Sydney escorts - backpage.com

Hours of Business : 2 to late

Rates : $200/30

Age : 20's

Size/shape : nice size 8-10, nice D cup boobs, nice curvy arse

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie with a touch of greek

Services Provided : LFK, CBJ, FS

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments :
Been eyeing up Lara's ad for a while, the pic of her tits just got me going. From studying ads, she appears to be part of the same stable as a few other girls working near Wynyard (see Ashley, Michelle, Tahan all with similar ads, and prices).
Up to the same apartment building as I've seen Ashley a few times, I waited with anticipation for the door to open. I've seen all the body pics which are great, so it was a pleasant surprise to see the face was equally good. 

Quick shower and she is waiting for me on the bed in her knickers, the same knickers as her pics, with all the same tatts (paw prints on boob, 'karma' on her hip).
I lay on top and we start light kissing. I really like her look so happy to stay face to face for a while and enjoy the moment. I peel off her bra and panties to reveal a great body. She's no waif, but not fat either, a real womanly figure. Her boobs look just as good in real life as the photos, albeit they look a little smaller (still a D cup, but some pics look like DDs). But they feel fantastic, smooth and big with just the right combo of firmness and softness. I could've played with them all day.

Being aware I only had 30mins I went down for the pussy. She had a week's growth which I didn't mind as otherwise whe had a cute little pussy too, just the right amount of inney and outey lips 
Slipped a couple of fingers in and went to town enjoying her tasty snatch. Next was up for a CBJ while I fingered and rubbed her pussy then straight into mish.

I was enjoying everything too much as I could feel that I was going to come quite quickly, so slowed right down and tried to drag it out as much as possible. Strangely she wouldn't allow kissing after I'd eaten her out, which was a little bit of a bummer, but my balls would not be put off and I came much earlier than anticipated.

With a few minutes left we chatted, Lara is friendly and easy to talk to, and I picked up that she might be a senior figure in the stable, as we discussed renting apartments vs paying for hotels, organising cleaning and rosters etc and she was across all the finer details.

To finish off she joined me in the shower and we chatted more. This was a nice touch, it almost felt like she was my girlfriend for half a second.

Overall service was fairly standard, but it felt like we clicked, and she's attractive from top to bottom, so I'll be back for more.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 2nd December 2015, 02:58 AM
Poster ID: wachumba
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Does she have any other tattoos? She looks good but noticed she photoshopped the karma tat out on one photo so wondering if she photoshopped off any more.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 2nd December 2015, 07:09 AM
Poster ID: Fuzzynuts
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
None that I remember from the front, but she does have three biggish names tattooed on her back which she says are her nephews and neices. 
I noticed in another ad she has pics which aren't her, same with Ashley, so I think they mix up geniune pics with similar looking stock photos for a bit of variety.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 15th December 2015, 07:42 AM
Poster ID: Fuzzynuts
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Just noticed Lara is now advertising herself as 'Hunter' with a new number 0423 749 230, and has moved down towards Central/Surry Hills
Todays Special $200 for 30 mins, Real pics or the service is free - Sydney escorts - backpage.com


