Thread Title: Latesha - Parramatta - 0406 070 502
Floor: #1
Post Time: 24th April 2019, 08:43 PM
Poster ID: aimlockfire
Post Title: 
 Latesha - Parramatta - 0406 070 502
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Latesha


Establishment : Outcall to my place near Parramatta


Date of Visit : 28/02/2019


Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://sydney.locanto.com.au/ID_350...alls-only.html



Phone : 0406070502

Hours of Business: Depends on her no fixed schedule


Rates : 
$4001 hour + 50-75(Outcall Fee depending on Location


Age : Late 40s

Size/shape : Size 12, slightly fat... massive fake boobs, Blonde


Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : FS + Fantasies


Value for money/recommend? : I cannot fault it... but not worth the money


My experience/comments :

This is one of few expensive punts. a couple of months back. I saw the ad, looked at price and pics... the fact that it was not photoshopped is what really attracted me. I was thinking okay this is gonna be one of those really cool private exclusive ladies who knows what the fuck she is doing. 

I arranged an outcall to my place.... (well if I am spending the dollars might as well be at my place since I am single)

She arrived 10 mins late which is fine as she texted me she is running a bit late.

Arrived in a Red Satin kind of robe, very sex. She smelled excellent, but her hair was very hard... feel like she hadnt washed her hair for ages. But okay otherwise... lot of make up... like a bit of a fake pornstar look.

Body wise = stocky... but not fat unsexy... fake boobs... larger bone structure... so basically your classic 40s blonde pornstarish attractive

I am not gonna go into very much detail, because there was nothing outstanding to report. 

Basically very sequential... started with kiss... she dressed down... i dressed down... she was enthusiastic... talking dirty while stripping herself and me... spitting cock a lot... was doing this thing of pressing down my asshole while sucking me... that was the only different part.

Other than that... pretty average... like missionary.. doggy... her on top... etc.

She was enthusiastic and all... but it was all very mechanical...

Sex was safe, oral was BBBJ , fingering... slight anal probing on her and all.

I could have gone similar by paying 200 per hour.

Or better yet gone to a massage therapist with the fun extras and all..

So basically for me... didn't see the glam in paying the 450. 

I have done a bunch of other punts on the more expensive side too with great fucking results.

I will report soon about those other ones once I get my head around managing some more time for this forum

Happy punting all!


