Thread Title: Lauren - Parramatta (tour) - 0401 649 870
Floor: #1
Post Time: 18th October 2013, 03:50 PM
Poster ID: sydguy74
Post Title: 
 Lauren - Parramatta (tour) - 0401 649 870
				
Post Content: 
I saw Lauren about two weeks ago. Lauren is one of a number of girls who advertise as being available in Parramatta on cracker.They’re all stunners but the photos are always obviously not real.
Here’s Laurens current ad which has her in brissy 

....... LAUREN IN BRISBANE - Brisbane | Escort / adult | Erotic | Cracker





			
				A sensual erotic seductress who is a lot of fun in the bedroom. 


I have many wonderful qualities. Besides my killer looks, I am able to hold a conversation on various subjects. I have a great sense of humor and I know how to make someone feel welcome and relaxed. 


I believe it takes more than just good looks to become a fine courtesan. 


Being a sensual, sexy and adventurous woman - I truly enjoy the company of a gentleman. 


Not only do I know how to make someone feel comfortable in my company, but also aroused physically and mentally. 


There is no better way to spend your day or evening than in the arms of a beautiful, intelligent young woman - whose undivided attention will be solely and seductively on you... 


Kisses to you 


LAUREN xxx 




Location: CBD - Apt 
My Stats: 
Age: 24 
Bust: D 
Size: 8 
Height: 5 6" 
Hair: Brunette 
EYES - BROWN 
Tanned all over 
Part time model 


Availability: 
Mon to Sun from 10AM till late. PRE BOOKINGS ARE ADVISED TO AVOID DISAPPOINTMENT. 1HR NOTICE IS REQUIRED FOR APPOINTMENTS. 


Service includes: call me pls 




Fee: 


1hr $450 




outcall is extra depending on distance travell
			
		





The photo in the ad isn’t her, though the description is. 

She was quite stunning and our session was great.

A lot of kissing and touching. CBJ and a great look cowgirl style. She blew me twice in the hour so I certainly have no complaints.

Well worth seeing, especially around Parramatta as the talent is scare. All the ads are always very similar wording and prices. 
Might have to check out some of the other girls advertising as being aropund Parramatta, though its easy to tell from the ad the photos aren’t real…guess that’s why it’s a punt


Floor: #2
Post Time: 15th August 2014, 11:34 AM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Not sure if Lauren is still around but the text of her ad appears at * _ * _ * _ Kellie * _ * Erickson _ * _ * _ * - sydney escorts - backpage.com

Kellie does not leave a phone number on her BP ad.


