Thread Title: Lauren Patrick - Sydney CBD - 0414 577 577
Floor: #1
Post Time: 23rd December 2014, 03:17 PM
Poster ID: bit3
Post Title: 
 Lauren Patrick - Sydney CBD - 0414 577 577
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lauren Patrick

Date of Visit : December 2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0414577577

Rates : $600 for one hour incall

Age : much older than the purported 35 yrs in her ad

Size/shape : Voluptuous 32FF breasts

Nationality or Ethnicity : Mixed - Caucasian/European

Services Provided : FS, BBBJ and CBJ COB, GFE

Value for money/recommend? : not really, however, I may have caught her on an off day.

My experience/comments: Got her details from private girls website.

It was a disappointing experience but I it was salvaged to a very small degree by her magnificent breasts.

As per usual an agreement was made to meet by text messaging. It was agreed I would met her at a location near Town Hall in Sydney. It was all seamless.

When she answered the door of her hotel room I was immediately taken to her very attractive face (which I'd guess has had some minor work too or Botox), that is, until a moment later I realised she was squeezed into a tight dress with those great breast overflowing. So far so good.

We sat on the bed chatting for a bit and worked through the administrative part of the meeting. After the pleasantries I noticed; 1) the room was relatively dark becasue the curtains were drawn closed; and , 2) she looked more "mature" than the 35 years she advertises herself as. But to be fair, the photos in her ad were her but perhaps the photos are aged somewhat and in reality she's a bit meatier than her pics. That's ok, she's still attractive and she's by no means overweight or fat but are has a very womanly figure. I should add, she's well spoken as well.

So I come back from having a shower. She's on the bed, we embrace somewhat and I'm keen to be witness to those enormous things that were, at that stage, restrain by her top. Now, my first thought was "these breasts are going to be saggy down to her belly button" because of their size and Lauren's age.

Any way I pull her top off and sweet baby Jesus her breasts are magnificent. Magnificent. They felt great and they are certainly real. Each breast was more than two hands full (and I have hands like a piano player). She deserves applause for being able to maintain the beauty of those breasts irrespective of her age!

But that, gents, was the highlight. The rest was pretty bland and boring. Not worth repeating. She wasn't keen on kissing, touching of her hair and didn't seem up for too many sex possies. BJ was shit. In fact if it wasn't for her breasts I would have pulled the pin within 10 minutes. I'd say because of her certain allure and her greats set of titties she's been allowed to coast along for a session.

Perhaps, as i mentioned before, it was an off day. Perhaps she's just too old to keep up with someone like me, or perhaps I had expectations which were too high. Don't know. But I wouldn't see her again, and I reckon for $600 you'd find someone else with whom you can have more fun. But this is punting, isn't it?

I don't regret it. I saw her titties, and lemme tell ya they're amazing and satisfied a curiosity. You'll be hard pressed to see a pair like them.

Perhaps if you're a breast man she may be your cup of tea. 

b3.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 23rd December 2014, 03:23 PM
Poster ID: WOTAN01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Bit3, Where is she located and advertise, link to her pages? An expensive viewing of her breasts even if so good.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 24th December 2014, 10:19 AM
Poster ID: bit3
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Apologies. She's located in Sydney, near the QVB. You'll have to contact her to get the exact address. She advertises on Private Escort Girls in Australia under the Sydney Escorts banner. Cheers.

P.S. yes, expensive viewing of breasts. Won't do it again and I've learnt my lesson about believing ads wholesale; I've been out of the game for a long while.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 24th December 2014, 10:55 AM
Poster ID: andraye
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
If you are in to just worshipping really nice tits, you can definitely find similar quality for a lot less. Difficult to find really nice and huge real tits, but it should not cost you $600 hr for a lousy experience in any case.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 24th December 2014, 11:34 AM
Poster ID: jilamint
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Very disappointing.  For less than half what you paid I'd be happy to show you my impressive titties.  All natural too. LOL.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 24th December 2014, 11:47 AM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by andraye


If you are in to just worshipping really nice tits, you can definitely find similar quality for a lot less ..
"""



Jenna ?
Megan Delaney ?

May be worth a GD thread, "Really nice large natural tits" like Fakehooterhound's, http://auxxxreviews.com/forum/f35/as...highlight=Fake


