Thread Title: Lauren - Near Sydney Town Hall - 0481 222 483
Floor: #1
Post Time: 27th January 2020, 02:13 PM
Poster ID: Oz.punter123
Post Title: 
 Lauren - Near Sydney Town Hall - 0481 222 483
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lauren


Location: Sydney CBD, near Town Hall


Date of Visit : Today  27/Jan/2020


Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.escortsandbabes.com.au/P...rens_Services/


Contact Number: 0481 222 483

Rates : $200/30mins


Age : 29


Size/shape : Size 8, Tall & Slim


Bust : Natural C Cup


Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie


Services Provided : CBJ, FS


Value for money/recommend? : Yes 100%


My experience/comments :


Just came back from an amazing session with Lauren, she is visiting us from the Gold Coast. As she says in her advert, she truly is the girl next door type. Tall and pretty, very friendly and enjoys a chat, she ticked all the boxes for me, except that DATY is an extra $50. 


So its Australia Day and i was called in to work. But i was feeling the urge, so opened up E&B to find a relief. Came across Lauren's advert, so decided to give it shot. She was quick to respond to my query and we decided for a lunch time quicky. Her incall is quite easy to get to and it ain't far from Town Hall station. 


I arrived 5 mins early but that was fine with her. She opens the door to her room and i see a tall, slim brunette with shoulder length hair, wearing a nice floral dress. She is quite pretty and she does have braces on. Lauren was friendly and chatty straight from the get go, which made me fairly relaxed. Had a quick shower after exchanging the money. When i come out she is already on the bed naked. She has a beautiful body, not skinny, but slim with curves. Her boobs are natural C Cup and were amazing to suck on. 


Started of with CBJ and then i went to town on her boobs. I wanted to do DATY but was told that was an extra $50 and she has already lubed it up so it will taste lubey. I was a bit disappointed as her pussy looked very enticing so i went back to sucking the boobs. By this time little ozzie had gone soft. Lauren was nice enough to give me a hand till i was hard enough again. Then we had sex in multiple positions, she is quite tight and i could feel being inside her. We ended in missionary.


Cleaned up and had some more chat, i realized that i had gone over our time and i needed to get back to work. We hugged and kissed good-bye and i went back to work, happily satisfied. 


Its was her last day but I will see her again for sure when she is back down here. 


Look after her boys she is a keeper.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 16th February 2020, 04:16 PM
Poster ID: pashon8
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Link doesn't work and phone number coming up empty.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 16th February 2020, 07:20 PM
Poster ID: downthelane
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Try searching the phone number without the spaces. It'll bring up this escort profile which has the same profile text as the google cached E&B profile.

A subsequent image search will bring up her work FB page here.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 9th April 2020, 08:11 PM
Poster ID: Punterang
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lauren 

Date of Visit : 01 March 2020

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 
https://www.escortsandbabes.com.au/P...rens_Services/
Above is the link I found her at but it's down. I found another with her number though:
https://redescorts.com/profile/lauren-2

Phone : 0481 222 483

Hours of Business : Unknown

Rates : $200/45 mins

Age : She said 29, I guessed waaayyy less (I think because of her braces?)

Size/shape : Very girl next door, average/thin with great C's

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : CBJ, DATY, CFS

Value for money/recommend? : Yes, unfortunately she's going back to the Gold Coast / Brisbane. She said she visits Sydney about once a month for a weekend so I'll have to hit her up the next time she's in Sydney.

My experience/comments :

Booking made via SMS and was super easy. Lauren stayed at a motel just outside Parra CBD but was easy to find street parking on a Sunday.

Lauren looks just like her photos and is your typical Aussie cute all natural girl next door. She's very bubbly and giggly, and loves to chat just about anything.

Service-wise she definitely wants you to feel comfortable. She said time starts after shower and stops before a second shower (if you want) right off the bat so I thought this'll be a good session.

CBJ was good but nothing mindblowing. She enjoys DATY and definitely likes to get fucked. No FOAMs here. Went through the usual positions trying not to blow early. Missionary was probably my favourite with her: big fan of her boobs and watching her face while getting fucked was awesome.

Afterwards we chatted about her life and how she's loves travelling and works mainly between Brisbane and the Gold Coast (with the monthly or so trips to Sydney). She said she was having trouble finding clients in Sydney, which is unfortunate. She mentioned that a lot of potential clients want to do natural but she's firmly against that, which is definitely a point for her in my book.

All in all I enjoyed my time with Lauren. Looking forward to spending more time with her once COVID-19's over and she's back in Sydney.


