Thread Title: Laura, 40, - Harris Park - 0449 563 465
Floor: #1
Post Time: 28th April 2016, 07:07 PM
Poster ID: BuddyBaker
Post Title: 
 Laura, 40, - Harris Park - 0449 563 465
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Laura

Establishment : Private apartment in Harris Park,  just outside of Parramatta.  Very nice unit, with security access to get into lobby.  Very clean. 

Date of Visit : A Saturday night in April 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0449 563 465.   WONDERFUL service girl new HERE !come on baby , let?s have fun - Sydney escorts - backpage.com
Hours of Business : Unsure

Rates : 150/30 mins  200/60 mins -  extra for Greek, and extra for ....."nat sex".   Note that although she lists CIM as included in service, she asked for an extra $50 when I inquired.

Age : 40.  I do believe that

Size/shape : size 12, 36EE

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian

Services Provided :  DATY, FS, BBBJ, CIM

Value for money/recommend? :  was ok, but I doubt I'll return, only because there is an abundance of Asian talent to choose from, and Laura didn't "wow" me in any way.

My experience/comments :  Laura has 4 photos on Cracker, all wearing the same outfit, and her face is obscured.  She claims in the ad the photos as real.  Perhaps yes, perhaps they may be dated.  It was only afterwards that I recalled her having a tattoo on her mid-section, which doesn't appear in those photos. But I have no other reason to think the photos are not her, perhaps they were taken before the tattoo.

Anyway, she is attractive enough, although a bit on the "paunchy" side.   I was going there with the intention of one hour, but at last minute switched to 30 mins when questioned.   Again, no "wow" factor. 

The actual encounter was nothing special, all the usual stuff,  kissing, DFK, BBBJ, shaved, etc.   Her English is maybe 85%.  As I was not "wowed" I did not finish so I can't comment on the CIM/swallowing situation.

"nat sex" is not an offer with too many WL's, so if that is your intention, give Laura a try, but check the price first.



BB


Floor: #2
Post Time: 29th April 2016, 08:36 AM
Poster ID: novak
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-B7mUCry5My...1600/nm005.jpg

Is this her?

Tineye is your friend


Floor: #3
Post Time: 10th May 2016, 09:55 PM
Poster ID: BuddyBaker
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
The Tineye photo above may be her, but if it is, it's from twenty years earlier!

Roll forward a few weeks and I make contact with "Christina" in this ad:
The best ass open for you now~~~ Juice Tasty amazing - Sydney escorts - cracker.com.au

Suspicious item 1 - Actual location is Harris Park,same as Laura
Item 2 - Address is exactly the same
Item 3 - Get there and unit number is exactly the same as Laura.  Silly me still thinks maybe they share location.
Item 4 - All text messages started with word "babe" same as Laura.
Item 5 - Get to the front door and....I think you all know how this story ends.   I turn around and walk away.

So now I go back to cracker and spot quite a number of 40 year old PWL who work Parramatta:

The best ass open for you now~~~ Juice Tasty amazing - 40 (parramatta) 
Chinese kungfu ,Best rimming , best blow job ! - 40 (parramatta) 
Well genetic , secret of victoria ,stunning and lovely - 40 (parramatta) 
Super busty EE , gorgeous Amanda , All Natural service in the package ! - 40 (parramatta) 
WONDERFUL service girl new HERE !come on baby , let’s have fun - 40 (parramatta) 

If you are 40, Parramatta is the place to work!!

The phone number used by Christina was different to the one used by Laura so that helped to conceal the identity.  I haven't researched all the above phone numbers.

My recommendation is now definitely NO.

BB


Floor: #4
Post Time: 12th May 2016, 02:34 PM
Poster ID: demon1920
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Laura

Establishment : Private WL

Date of Visit : April 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0449 563 465 - backpage

Hours of Business : Unsure

Rates : $150, 30 mins

Age : 40s

Size/shape : Size 12, D Cup

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian

Services Provided : FS

Value for money/recommend? : No

My experience/comments :

Even though the first review up the top gave me second thoughts and was the sole reason I knew about this provider, I thought I'd give this one a go anyway. Not a good idea.

It was a lazy afternoon that lead me to giving this one a go. Traffic was worse than expected and parked right in front a new apartment. So a group of guys getting into to a car looking like they were about to go straight to wedding reception. In hindsight with what I was doing, that was pretty hilarious.

I get up to the room and at the door was pretty much what the first reviewer had described. Middle aged, overweight big busted girl. She wasn't that much of great looker, not for me anyway. Was a actually a bit of a turn off. Had a shower and straight down to business. Got myself hard straight into mish and I was out of there in the flash. Could not wait to get out of there.

Come to think of it, I believe I've seen and turned her down twice in the cheaper shops. Guess she finally roped me in.

Would not return.


