Thread Title: Lauren Moore - Sydney - 0448 107 677
Floor: #1
Post Time: 10th December 2010, 02:30 PM
Poster ID: adultlover
Post Title: 
 Lauren Moore - Sydney - 0448 107 677
				
Post Content: 
I saw lauren only once a few months ago as i was eager to find out more about white tigress. She is an atractive early 40s and very calming in nature, we started by drinking a special tea for increased stimulation. We started by kissing and caressing and before you know it she was on her knees giving me a complete BBBJ workover, better than any other in my ife. As i knew she like CIM i didint warn her of my load and when i blew she imeeadietly hummed and swallowed every last drop!! When i was done she got me to lie donw and said im nto done with you yet and kept giving my flacid cock a bbbj for another 15 minutes until there was nothing left, she sucked me dry with a smile on her face.
She also offered me to DATY but at this stage i was exhausted and couldnt, so she wanted to give me more bbbj until the hour was up. She confessed that she has a cum fetish and really enjoyed drinking it and that mine tasted great.

The biggest dissapointment is that she has dissapeared, i cant fdind her the website is down and i realy would love to do this again

DOES ANYBODY KNOW WHERE SHE IS AND HOW TO CONTACT HER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!


Floor: #2
Post Time: 10th December 2010, 09:32 PM
Poster ID: andrewblake
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
nice reviews thus far of the PWLs you have seen.. including Miss Lauren Moore.. AdultLover..

i am sure someone may know the whereabouts of Miss Lauren.. 

keep up the reviews and posting! great to have you onboard..

AB


Floor: #3
Post Time: 24th April 2013, 09:42 PM
Poster ID: wotif
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
hey I may have an insight. There is a Lauran who is an early 40s MILF. She opens up her website during summer. I had the pleasure of meeting her last summer.

Opened up to me that she is married and does this for fun over summer holidays. Enjoys the fantasy of being a pro. Maybe the same or not?

My experience was BBBJ and DATY and FS with condom. Was very sensual.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 25th April 2013, 08:55 AM
Poster ID: dex
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Interesting!

I remember Lauren moore from a while back as well.  Was she a tall blonde? bbbj and cim in the service by chance?


Floor: #5
Post Time: 24th June 2013, 01:30 PM
Poster ID: adventurous
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
One of my top 5 punts ever was with Lauren Moore when she cam down to melb a few years back. Anyway guys, have a look here:   Orgasm Queen


