Thread Title: Layla Divine - Sydney - 0406 456 586
Floor: #1
Post Time: 28th January 2010, 07:48 PM
Poster ID: andrewblake
Post Title: 
 Layla Divine - Sydney - 0406 456 586
				
Post Content: 
well not much more can be added to this divine private companion.. but here goes..

i had been trying to match a time and place with miss layla for sometime now.. i had heard much about her through her time with  amanda heavens.. she was never on when i visited and when i heard she departed i thought my chance had gone to meet her.. so i thought but the wait of 6 months was well worth it.. what had i been missing all this time..

miss layla can be described as been a gentlemans companion.. her sophisticated persona and flawless exterior is what makes my head spin.. 

she is in her early 30s, lovely curves and bust which are perfect and smooth, olive tanned skin and complexion and green eyes and perfect french nails and blood red toe nail polish and shoulder length blonde silky hair.. 

she is the perfect gfe ..

having some free time i need to see miss layla asap.. the planets had aligned.. 

communication was easy and direction and location likewise..

walking and knocking on her door i was taken aback when the door opened at how stunning she looked and more than what i described.. 

long lingering kisses and touches and heady perfume.. just perfect.. 

we were catching up like we had know each other for years.. but really the first time.. 

miss layla is the true gfe.. and i must say one of my best experiences by far so far.. 

see you soon..

ab


Floor: #2
Post Time: 28th January 2010, 10:50 PM
Poster ID: Makahel
Post Title: 
 Layla Divine - Private (NSW) - Sydney Incall - 21/10/09
				
Post Content: 
When she was at Amanda's Layla was definitely one of my favourite ladies. Short, busty blondes with full lips and pretty eyes are definitely my type. Unfortunately I had been a little slack in maintaining regular contact with her. Too many favourites, too little time and money...

After catching up with Layla at the drinks night and hearing she was going private I knew I had to see her again.

Layla is working this week in the CBD at an incall location. The place is very nice, excellent colour scheme of red and black, fully set up bathroom etc.

Layla was easy to get in contact with both via phone and PM.

Upon arriving, Layla was looking gorgeous as always and greeted me with a big kiss, apparently her shade of lipstick looked very good on me.  

After some preliminaries and Layla and I removing our lipstick it was off to more kissing that gradually led to us naked on the bed exploring each others bodies before I decided to head further south. Layla is delicious and very responsive, I love it when a girl is vocal as it lets me know when I am hitting the right notes. 

After I eventually came up for air it was my turn, Layla's tongue is a thing of magic and at one stage I had to look up at the ceiling and think of England so as not to cut short our session. More kissing and touching followed before I decided I had to visit the South again. Finally, it was time for the main event. Sex was passionate with more kissing and caressing.

Afterwards we enjoyed a very good and long conversation. Layla is always an interesting and engaging conversationalist.

I will definitely be seeing Layla as often as I can.

Makahel


Floor: #3
Post Time: 28th January 2010, 10:51 PM
Poster ID: Makahel
Post Title: 
 Layla Divine - is truly Divine.
				
Post Content: 
I was extremely toey today due to an early morning phonecall from a tease that will remain shameless, sorry I mean nameless.
Combined with the fact that I had a bit of an improvement with my finances, I knew I had to go out and splurge.

Thankfully I was able to make a last minute booking with Layla for this afternoon. 

The thing I love about Layla is that logically I 'know' it is a service, but it never 'feels' like one. From the moment I got to the door our lips were locked, and in fact were locked for most of the very languid hour or so. Mad Passionate Sex ensued. In fact we were in such a hurry to rip each other's clothes off that I ended up naked with my jeans around my ankles and my shoes still on.
After sorting out the removal of those pesky clothes it was onto the bed. We kissed, and then we kissed some more. 
My lips explored her, her neck, her chest, her belly, my hands roamed other her lush figure. Her hands seemed to hone in on little Makahel. Usually I like a lot of foreplay and oral before I even consider sex, but today I needed to be inside her. After the necessary preparations I slid inside her, still kissing passionately, eventually a bit of sense kicked in and I realised that if things kept going the way they were it would be over much too soon for both our liking. 
Regretfully I slid out, but then happily I slid down her body to dine. I adore the way Layla responds to my tongue and fingers. I particularly like the way she arches her back as she tries to get away as I continue to please her through and after her orgasm. I had her held too tight for her to get away, but eventually I relented. 
More sex followed. More kissing before a position swap lead to me on my knees being blown, before Layla jumped back on for more sex. She rode me superbly as I stroked her back and ass. She teased my nipples with her tongue before taking me in her mouth uncovered. 
She took her time her lips and tongue caressing my head her fingers flicking over and around my shaft. She teased out the sensations making it last until finally I lost all control and exploded in her mouth, all swallowed neatly. We lay back chatting , kissing and holding each other and I assured her that I was not done eating her out. 
The kisses grew more frequent and Layla laid back looking at me invitingly. I immediately dived for her again, kissing down her breasts and neck to eat her to orgasm once again. 
Rock hard again, It was back to more kissing and missionary for an intense soulfuck. We fucked like long lost lovers, Layla urging me on. The bed ended up a foot away from the wall, pillows and quilt all over the place. Finally both spent and well and truly satisfied we pulled apart and I amused myself by stroking and kissing all over Layla's back. She loves this. I would have happily gone again this woman had me in such a state of arousal but alas our time was at an end as she had another bookin coming. I was in such a daze I almost left without paying, thankfully Layla politely reminded me as I would have been mortified if I hadn't paid. I blame her though as I was busy kissing her thoroughly goodbye.

I can not suggest enough that you must book this woman.

Makahel xoxox


Floor: #4
Post Time: 22nd February 2010, 02:44 PM
Poster ID: rebel
Post Title: 
 Layla the most devine
				
Post Content: 
I have seen the wonderful Layla a couple of times and it just gets better 
She is one of the sexiest and beautiful ladies you will ever meet 
dont miss her. I had meet her at the Paris Penthouse and fun was had by all
Her deep kissing and sucking is wonderful and she is very open to most things.I hope to catch up soon with her she is working in the CBD
and double bay sometimes. And is great value for money Boys dont miss out you have to spent a least a hour with this sex kitten
She loves what she does and does it well Loves the penis

Her rates are $ 350 per hour cnatact number is 0406 456 586 and is is about size 12 great shape , super breasts to suck and lick 
and a beautiflly shaved pussy to spend time there pleasuring I hope that helps Punters make the right choice


Floor: #5
Post Time: 2nd June 2011, 11:21 PM
Poster ID: Nipper
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I saw Layla a few times last year. I have been trying to catch up with her, but she doesn't answer. Is she still around?


Floor: #6
Post Time: 3rd June 2011, 08:16 AM
Poster ID: Bob64
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I heard she retired


Floor: #7
Post Time: 3rd June 2011, 09:16 AM
Poster ID: Nipper
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Oh, no. It's hard to find someone like her. Huge loss for me.


Floor: #8
Post Time: 3rd June 2011, 10:33 PM
Poster ID: andrewblake
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by dc61


I heard she retire
"""



Yes, she has retired.. I only got to see her once and the review of her I wrote brings back happy memories.. She truly was divine..

AB


Floor: #9
Post Time: 8th June 2011, 09:01 AM
Poster ID: aquent
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Damn she's retired??   Agreed, She was truly divine AB! I used to see her heaps at Amandas and was blown away every time!


Floor: #10
Post Time: 12th June 2011, 10:49 AM
Poster ID: Hole in the Head
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Absolute shame. Had an amazing threesome with her and Paris, over 12 months ago.  Full on session. Still have wild memories of me standing, Layla to one side and Paris on the other, both on their knees, giving me BJ. My dick was just in the middle with them pashing each other madly.

The rest was just a rolling fuckfest.

Farewell ..........

H


Floor: #11
Post Time: 14th June 2011, 03:02 PM
Poster ID: Freddy Mac
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"The thing I love about Layla is that logically I 'know' it is a service, but it never 'feels' like one. From the moment I got to the door our lips were locked, and in fact were locked for most of the very languid hour or so. Mad Passionate Sex ensued. In fact we were in such a hurry to rip each other's clothes off that I ended up naked with my jeans around my ankles and my shoes still on."

the thing i love about chocolate boxes is that they have the best ever reviews written on the back. like "milky white centre" and "soft nougat filling". or how about "crunchy mellow texture", "piquant steamy finish", "fine peaty nose", "nascent delivery system". copywriters are worth every cent they're paid! I can not suggest enough how much you must laugh at this post!


