Thread Title: Leah - Penrith - 0413 469 492
Floor: #1
Post Time: 21st August 2015, 08:40 AM
Poster ID: Jimskef
Post Title: 
 Leah - Penrith - 0413 469 492
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Leah

Establishment : private

Date of Visit : 19/8/2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Aussie girl for fun time. - Sydney escorts - cracker.com.au

0413469492



Hours of Business : Varied

Rates : $180 hr

Age: early to mid 30s

Size/shape : DD cup, athletic, curvy

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : BBBJ, DATY, FS, Anal, Spanish, CIM COF COB

Value for money/recommend? : indeed!

My experience/comments :

I've seen Leah's add on cracker a number of times and tried numerous times to contact her - her phone is off some of the time but feeling quite toey on Wednesday morning thought I would try my luck and BINGO she answered. Discussed details and said she would be available in the hour so i was getting excited and jumped in my car. She works out of a private apartment in kingswood told me the street and told me to ring her when I arrive and she would give me unit number etc. she didn't answer the first time but rang me straight back and gave the details. 

I have arrived and was greeted at the door by this tight body in sexy as hell lingerie she gave me a peck on the cheek told me to come in and get comfortable. She has a stripper pole in her lounge room and asked if she could dance for me I didn't decline and she can really work the pole after about 10 mins watching she took my hand and asked if I wanted to have a nice bath to get comfortable I said sure why not and she led be to the bath room and we stripped and jumped in. Some light fondling lead to her giving me an extremely talented BBBJ and I could lather up her gorgeous tits and started fucking them. We headed to the bedroom and she spread her legs wanting me to dive in, her pussy is quite tidy and I enjoyed DATY. After getting her wet as anything I asked if she had done face fucking gagging and she kindly obliged she slid to the side of her bed with her head hanging off the side and I proceeded to face fuck her while using one of her toys on her she loved when I went deep in her throat. After about 15 mins of fucking her face and her slobbering all over mr happy I needed to get it in her pussy so she slipped a Dom on and away we went through an array of positions and I was enjoying myself after a while she said "throw it in my arse" although it sounds kind of dirty these words had got me excited all over again and well what I can say is her arsehole is as tight as anything I've fucked before, started off slowly but once she opened up she was telling me to go harder and harder and I happily obliged. She knew I was finding it harder to keep in so she asked if I wanted to finish in her mouth. She sat me down on her bed and started sucking viciously and the eye contact she makes whilst sucking is almost enough tomake me blow. After about 5 mins I couldn't hold it any longer as I a came to she slid her throat right over my cock and took it all like a champ she sucked the remaining load out like a straw and at this point I have serious eye roll lol. She looks up at me and shows the remaining cum in her mouth before downing the rest she cleans my cock with her mouth and sucks off all the Saliva. 

After the adventure had ended i asked her how much I owed her and she said just the standed $180 I thought this was weird as I'm sure I went at least 45 mins over time she just smiled and said she enjoyed herself too! 
Money was exchanged and she walked me to the door giving me a peck on the lips and a tap on the bum. I walked back to my car processing what just happened and couldn't wait to see her again. I plan to see her more in the future for sure!


