Thread Title: Leanne - Surry Hills - 02 9699 245
Floor: #1
Post Time: 9th January 2011, 01:30 PM
Poster ID: gim
Post Title: 
 Leanne - Surry Hills - 02 9699 245
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Leanne

Establishment: Private

Contact Details/Address: 9699 2453

Hours of Business: call

Prices: $250.00 Hour

Age: 50ish

Size/shape: Size 12 - 14 Busty

Nationality or Ethnicity: Australian

Services: Full Service

Value for money/recommend?: ymmv

My experience/comments:

This WL usually has an ad in the Daily Telegraph just under AH at Artarmon so I thought I would give it a go. Leanne works out of a semi detached cottage in the Surry Hills / Moore Park area. The street is quiet with plenty of parking.The house is very clean with a large bedroom and a good clean bathroom across the hallway.

I booked for an hour and was greeted at the door with a nice kiss on arrival. I had a quick shower and she returned to the room and stripped off and joined me on the bed. Leanne is busty but also has a muffin top belly (maybe a few too many muffins) which overhangs her pussy.

Anyway we started with some DFK and she seemed quite happy for me to play with her breasts and finger her pussy. She then slipped down and gave my balls a good lick before sliding a condom onto my cock for a BJ - would have preferred a BBBJ but I suppose you have to take what is on offer. She seemed to enjoy sucking my cock stopping at one stage to tell me I had a great cock for sucking. The BJ went on for sometime and I wasn't complaining - not the best I have ever had but still enjoyable.

She eventually climbed onto me for Cowgirl including more DFK until I finally came. After a brief but friendly chat she offered me a shower - at first I thought I was being short shifted but a check of my watch showed I had been there an hour - the time did seem to pass quickly.

Overall it was not the greatest experience I have had but not the worst by far. Would I go back? probably not. I have resolved to broaden my punting experiences this year so I will just put this one down as my first for 2011


Floor: #2
Post Time: 9th January 2011, 06:06 PM
Poster ID: andrewblake
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
nice review and toftt and review a PWL not reviewed before G..

guess ymmv applies here..

ab


