Thread Title: LEEDIA - Beverly Hills - 0478 151 091
Floor: #1
Post Time: 4th April 2015, 10:52 AM
Poster ID: jonnydang77
Post Title: 
 LEEDIA - Beverly Hills - 0478 151 091
				
Post Content: 
LEEDIA Sexy, hot Thai. 24 yo, size 6, very busty, exotic massage. Bikini model. Phone 0478 151 091"

Person's Name : Leedia (ex Patty from Greenacre)

Establishment : Private unit at Bervely Hills Sydney

Date of Visit : Fri 27th Mar 2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: 0478 151 09

Hours of Business : 10am - Evening

Rates : $100 for 30 mins

Age : 24

Size/shape : Size 6, 1.60cm, D cup Bolt-Ons , Slim and tight body

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : full service

Value for money/recommend? : Yes


Whilst reading the Classified's section of the St George Leader an ad caught my attention so I decided to make an appointment to get the plumbing serviced.

The ad read 



			
				EEDIA Sexy, hot Thai. 24 yo, size 6, very busty, exotic massage. Bikini model. Phone 0478 151 091
			
		


Headed over to Beverly Hills and found plenty of on-street parking. Entrance is to the side of the building. This is a residential complex/block of units so a discreete approach is required when entering or leaving the premises.

Made my way up the flight of stairs and approached the unit. The door was slightly open and a mature asian greets me escorts me into the unit. I noticed a young Thai sitting on a sofa and she looked familiar.

I approached her to get a closer look and fuck me! it was Patty from No53 at Greenacre.

We talked a bit and I asked what happened since last time a I saw her. I got the notion she was being fucked over at the other place and so has gone solo. The other mature Asian is her sister.

Into the room and we started with foreplay and plenty of fondling and she had me hard within minutes. She had a sexy bra which btw only just covered her nipples and a small G-string. These peeled off quite easily as I played with her bolt-ons and arse - I sucked her nipples and had a few slaps on her firm bum - After 5 mins I was ready to deliver but decided to hold off as I knew it would be a one pop round. 

I asked her to lie face down on the bed and I began to massage her body. I worked her back, her hips, legs and inner thighs like a pro. I then started to work on her arse - slicing and dicing those buns like a Karate Kid. My hands were like sharp knives slicing through hot bread. With the side of my hand I began sawing her arse in half with an upwards and downwards motion, Her buns were soft and moist and it didn't take long for the buns to open and my hands reached the core. The core was soft and wet and closed like a flower bud. As I worked her flaps the petals on the flower opened up. She was hot, she was wet and all that remained was for her to get sticky. 
What a sight!.......My hose was ready and the nozzle set for a power jet spray. I was tempted and almost let the hose loose in the garden and watered the flower.

Eventually I moved her to the side of the bed for some doggy action. The glove went on and I began to slam her hard.
We were fucking like feral rabbits. During this steamy encounter her sister yells out something from the corridor.
I figured she told her to keep the noise down or that time was almost up.
As I opened her buns one last time I watched my cock penetrate her deep inside and finally I unleashed the payload into the glove.

Leedia is an attractive Thai with a tight slim body, size D bolt-on's and a good attitude. She has a tight pussy, and is pleasantly responsive without being fake and porno about it.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 6th April 2015, 10:53 AM
Poster ID: intensly
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
nice review thanks. Do you know if they have any website ?


Floor: #3
Post Time: 15th April 2015, 05:43 PM
Poster ID: WOTAN01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by intensly


nice review thanks. Do you know if they have any website 
"""



Not sure what the website would reveal but if you are really intersted just give the mobile a ring, ask your questions and make a booking then write a full Review using the Template. 

You are well overdue for a Review, last one was in 2nd December 2013 and you are in danger of being dropped back to Registered User status. So I suggest you get cracking.


