Thread Title: Leila - Sydney CBD - 0481 976 022
Floor: #1
Post Time: 3rd June 2020, 09:03 AM
Poster ID: choiboi
Post Title: 
 Leila - Sydney CBD - 0481 976 022
				
Post Content: 
Person' name: Leila

Establishment: Private Apartment

Date of visit: June 2020

Contact Details/Address: 0481 976 022 – private apartment located near
Wynyard/Town Hall stations

Hours of business: 11am to 530pm (but flexible if notice is given)

Rates: $300 - 1hr

Age: Stated as 27, but she definitely look older closer to 35+ but
being Asian, its hard to tell!

Size/shape: Athletic, A cup boobs, 177cm tall

Nationality: Stated as Eurasian, but definitely Chinese. I don't see
the euro part

Services Provided: Lingham/Tantra/CBJ/FS

Value for money/recommend? Not value for money – but in COVID times,
probably OK, as there isn't a tonne of alternatives right now.



My experience/comments:

It took two texts to book Leila. Very straight forward, I provided time, she said ok and gave me instructions. I arrived at the apartment
and follower her buzzer instructions and headed to her apartment which is in a discreet corner. I am greeted with a really tall tanned distinctively Asian woman in nothing but a g banger and see through top.

Her pictures are real, but they don't show her face. First thing you notice is she does look abit masculine and based off previous tip offs
I did kinda expect this – but I had already booked and was keen to try tantra.. I did pay close attention to see if I can find an Adams apple
LOL

Her apartment is very dark and moody. I take a quick shower and place $300 on her table and she is waiting for me on her futon bed with her
legs welcomely open. She give me a light massage and we spoke, as shes quite personable. The voice was OK, didn't sound like a ladyboy (LOL).

She oils me up nicely and bodyslides me all over – my cock wasn't getting hard at this point though as I wasn't really turned on by her face.

After 20mins or so I am asked to turn over and the bodyslide continues my front side. When she was in the 69 position, I had a good look at
her pussy and it looks genuine LOL. So who knows? She could be a masculine female. She plays with my balls and teases my cock every now and then.. it goes rock hard and now shes sitting on me playing with my cock, teasing it bringing me to near ejaculation and stopping.. it
feels quite now, now I am quite into it.. I think she feels she as I start to make noises and wiggle around in pleasure.. she condoms me up
and starts to suck me.. nice and slow I felt the warm lips all over my knob and after 5mins I could not hold it any longer and cum.

Clean up happens and I get a light massage on my legs and we talk about work, her exercise regime/volleyball and times up I shower and
she sends me off whilst standing there buck naked.


I wouldn't return – as I could have easily had two 1hr punts at 227
broadway with hotter chicks, but at least I won't die wondering LOL.

Face 3/10

Body 6/10

Personality 8/10

Experience 6/10




Sent from my HD1900 using Tapatalk


