Thread Title: Lesbian Double - Blue Mountains - 0412 581 972
Floor: #1
Post Time: 14th November 2015, 02:45 PM
Poster ID: FrankieLee
Post Title: 
 Lesbian Double - Blue Mountains - 0412 581 972
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Names not published - they will tell you

Establishment : Private home around the lower blue mountains

Date of Visit : 1st Week Nov 2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0412 581 972. I found the ad in the Blue Mtns Gazette. Ad not there this week - appears to come and go.

Hours of Business : Generally evenings it would seem

Rates : $300 per hour

Age : mid 30's & mid 40's

Size/shape : size 10 & size 12

Nationality or Ethnicity : Caucasian

Services Provided : Full Service. BBBJ. DATY from me - and on each other.

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : I contacted these ladies to meet up for a visit last week. This is my first lesbian double with caucasian ladies and it was well worth the trip.

They are both lovely people and ARE a genuine lesbian couple. What I mean by this - is that they both have short hair - both wear pants etc. So it's not the lingerie and lipstick lesbians you'd generally be looking for on Pornhub.

There was some great conversation before where we got to know each other, there is certainly no clock watching and I expect they would only be seeing one person a night (if even that).

After a bit of chat, they decided it was time to get on with the show and they both stripped off and were onto the bed together kissing and going down on each other for a while. The instruction to me at the start was to "join in whenever I wanted"....

"Whenever I wanted" arrived pretty quickly and I was off with my kit and kind of slid into this sandwich. What followed was a pretty high level of stimulation with both ladies kissing my nipples and stroking my cock and taking turns going down on me... Once they BOTH were going down on me at the same time it got a little too much and I decided it was time for me to start DATY on both girls one after the other.

A bit more of this and then one of them straddling my face while the other was sucking me again for a while. Eventually after lots more of the same it was on with the condom and one lady was riding me cowgirl while the other was nibbling on my nipples until I was over the line.

It was a very enjoyable time and money well spent with a genuine couple that had a great attitude and appeared to be enjoying the entire time as well. This was by no means a PSE, but I really wasn't pushing it in that direction. Perhaps once they get to know somebody it may be - but I'll report on that after I return.

The younger blonde is about a size 10 and the older brunette would be around a size 12 with nice C cups I'd guess.

They are smart ladies and I expect they would spot a fake / fool a mile away. Just be cool guys, and you'll reap the rewards I'm sure.

FrankieLee


Floor: #2
Post Time: 16th November 2015, 03:45 PM
Poster ID: FrankieLee
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Mods can possibly help here - I'm not sure why this was moved in the the massage area?

I initially posted this in the Silver section. Mainly because the Mountains are a bit of a "closed shop" and I know that a lot of the service providers (these ladies in particular) wouldn't like the wider audience.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 16th November 2015, 03:56 PM
Poster ID: nextlif
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Due to the limited information given in your review, no names, no address, no street or suburb or town, I would say they are pretty well protected.
I dont see any problem with this review being the the General Reviews area. It does seem to be better suited to the PWL section though. I can move it there if you wish.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 16th November 2015, 04:13 PM
Poster ID: Chalk010
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hi FrankieLee,

Great thought to protect the service provider, we all need to do that, so well done.

A quick Google search of the phone number revealed this advertisement:

LESBIAN couple offering discreet adult services to men and women, Lower Blue Mountains. Ph 0412 581 972. 
04/11/2015  -  X - ADULT SERVICES

Pretty much thinking that any "protection" the providers were seeking is negated by the ad.

Cheers


Floor: #5
Post Time: 16th November 2015, 04:19 PM
Poster ID: FrankieLee
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Cheer's fellas - that's all good. Flick it over the the PWL section when you can - Thanks Next.


