Thread Title: Lexi - Chippendale - 0424 971 654
Floor: #1
Post Time: 21st April 2018, 10:52 AM
Poster ID: Balls2wall
Post Title: 
 Lexi - Chippendale - 0424 971 654
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lexi

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 18/04/2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : [COLOR=rgb(0, 0, 0)]0424 971 654 or[/COLOR] https://sydney.locanto.com.au/ID_211...-pounding.html

Hours of Business : 1pm till late 

Rates : $250 per hour

Age : 18

Size/shape : BBW (tall) 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian 

Services Provided : GFE/BBFS/BBBJ/Cock Worship

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : Lexi can be described as a quirky nerd who has no reservations about pleasuring your cock. 

Her private CBD apartment is just as weird. 

She was a little shy at first but later after we built rapport she let her hair down quite literally. 

I lay down as she went down on me, at times drooling & slobbering with the gusto of a porn star.

At times the the fellatio was so intense that I had to stop her otherwise I would have ejaculated. Plus I wanted to extend the pleasure.

The sex was protected, however bareback was an option and so was cream-pie at no additional cost. 

No DATY">cunnilingus


Floor: #2
Post Time: 27th October 2018, 05:29 PM
Poster ID: hsbpff
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lexi/Simone (uses both in ads)

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : September 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0424 971 654 

Hours of Business : Evenings, I believe

Rates : $250 per hour

Age : 19 or 20

Size/shape : Big girl. About 1m75 and carrying a bit of weight without being obese.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Eurasian mix.

Services Provided : GFE. Offers bareback too, but not my thing.

Value for money/recommend? : Yes. But...

My experience/comments : 

I see the previous review describes her as quirky. She's certainly quirky and a whole lot more.

In terms of the service, she's simply incredible. She gives the most enthusiasm (not faked) that you'll ever see from a WL. She gives an amazing BBBJ - spitting onto the end of your cock and keeping eye contact. She's a complete slut and she loves that fact. Again, when having her in cowgirl, she's 100% effort and enthusiasm. No faking here. She'll ride you with more enthusasism than any girlfriend you'll ever have.

So - at $250/hr for spectacular service, what could possible be wrong?

Well, in short. She's also a bit crazy. She will tell you everything, including her full name. A simple Google search throws up full nudes (including face) for her and she makes no effort to hide this. Seems a bit reckless for a a student and WL on the side.
Worse, though. A couple of weeks after seeing her, she started texting me with personal problems and threats to kill herself (nothing to do with our meeting, which was complely amicable.) I'm not qualified to haandle this!

TLDR: Great root if you can handle the crazy suicide threats a few days later.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 27th October 2018, 07:56 PM
Poster ID: Waldo
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks for the review....

I googled the mobile number you provided but I come up with blank.

Is there something I’m missing?

Thanks in advance.

W


Floor: #4
Post Time: 28th October 2018, 06:09 PM
Poster ID: mnhpas
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by Waldo


Thanks for the review....

I googled the mobile number you provided but I come up with blank.

Is there something I’m missing?

Thanks in advance.


"""




Not too hard to find. 

https://cityxguide.com/escorts/have-...27503-11045715


Floor: #5
Post Time: 28th October 2018, 09:29 PM
Poster ID: Waldo
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Ok, thanks for that.

I’ve seen her pics before, can’t recall where......

W


Floor: #6
Post Time: 24th December 2018, 12:02 AM
Poster ID: justdane
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : simone

Establishment : private

Date of Visit : first friday of dec 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : same as above

Phone :

Hours of Business : 

Rates : took the $50 quickie option

Age : 20 turning 21

Size/shape : large. Maybe 16 or more

Nationality or Ethnicity : australian. Half asian

Services Provided : kissing. Cfs. 

Value for money/recommend? : the value is there. WIR? Not sure

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

Just wanted to cross her name from my list. Contact wasnmade pretty easy. Tried to book a week earlier but got cancelled from her side due of me being late on booking time.

She lives out of one of the units on the brand new building behind central park. Despite of the new look and modern feel of the building, her unit is a bit of a mess. Clearly she isnt a tidy person.

She is big to my standard. She is tall, with belly and big ass. Probably a B cup with pinkish smallish nipples. But actually i find her face to be pretty cute. She had some red dots (pimple look alike around her inner thigh). She was shaven.
I was ready to get a bad punt that's why i only chose for a quicky. Sex was average. I felt like her pussy was to loose. Or maybe i am just too small. Asked if she does CIM and she said no. Actually i didn't get to cum. After about 15 mins of fucking her i got soft and tired. Maybe because her big thighs were pushing my legs down too much. And also maybe because she got really weird towards the end. Kising, touching and nipple licking was fine in the beginning but then i felt like she was trying to avoid me doing it in the middle of the session. So i lost interest.
Another thing is she said i look like her ex boyfriend of 5 years. She said she was imagining her ex when i was fucking her. That got me worried. So i just stopped dress up and left. By the way, i was at her place for nearly half an hour.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 30th January 2019, 03:02 PM
Poster ID: bigdickmalone
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lexi

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : Jan 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0424 971 654 or https://sydney.locanto.com.au/ID_211...-pounding.html

Hours of Business : Text for details

Rates : quickie $50

Age : 20's

Size/shape : BBW (tall) 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Mixed Asian 

Services Provided : FS

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

Saw had seen her reviews up and decided that I'd give her a go.
Setting up a time was easy and we arranged a time.
Getting to her place is easy as it's located close to central.
When I get buzzed up I knock on the door and she opens it, first thing that grabs my attention is how tall she is. Shes probably about 5, 10 or so and has a bit of a gut. Her tits are small as well.
Any way we get down to business, she puts on a condom and starts sucking me, taking some of my length. Afew minutes of that and I decide it's time to fuck her.
Start of miss with her making all the right sounds a few minutes of that and then switch to doggy where i hit it from the back hard and the cum.

A bit of a chat then I'm out and on my way.

She is quirk and at first she was a bit cold but opened up and became much more talkative.

Was a good quickie.

Cheers,

Big D


Floor: #8
Post Time: 30th January 2019, 09:19 PM
Poster ID: Binga
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lexi

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 18/12/18

Phone : 0424 971 654

Hours of Business : Varies - have to contact her and find out

Rates :  $50 quickie

Age : 21

Size/shape : Size 14-16

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie/Asian mix

Services Provided : CBJ, FS

Value for money/recommend? : Cant beat the value, but be ready for an interesting time

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

Seeing the reviews I looked in to Lexi, and remember seeing her ads posted occasionally on Cracker where she would share some pretty explicit pics and vids. Thought the quickie option would be a good one to test the waters and see what things were like. Contacted her and pretty easily organised a day and time, thought all seemed good but thats were the weirdness began. She kept chatting which was fine - until she suddenly seemed to get angry out of nowhere. Left things be at that point and had begun to consider cancelling and suddenly got another more frienly message. Fearing what I would potentially unleash by cancelling decided to keep with the booking.

Day came to see her and arrived at the building, a nice apartment complex and was soon buzzed in and up to her room. Opened the door and as has been mentioned before by others was given a nice surprise with how tall she is. Business matters were taken care of and then stripped off and got to action. Got the dom on and was given a reasonable BJ before she bent over and asked me to fuck her. Took her from behind and she seemed to go between enjoying things and being a million miles away. Filled the dom and then was a quick clean up and some chat while I got dressed.

Would I return? I honestly dont know. When she is happy and in the moment the service is really good, but there seems to be a bipolar nature to her...


