Thread Title: Leyla Diaz (Indian) - Waterloo - 0424 290 460
Floor: #1
Post Time: 11th June 2011, 11:01 AM
Poster ID: dandriller
Post Title: 
 Leyla Diaz (Indian) - Waterloo - 0424 290 460
				
Post Content: 
This girl advertises as private but it is seems that she has an agent/pimp.

I arrived in Sydney this evening and gave the number a call.
Answered by her "assistant" she said a 9.30pm appointment should be fine, she would have to call Layla though to confirm.
Waited a while, no return call so I called back and it went through to voicemail.
A few minutes later I get an SMS saying Layla is having an early night and would I like another chick?
I replied asking if the other one was Indian.
The reply came back in the negative so I declined.

Well after the negative experience the night before, I got an SMS about 10am the next day saying Layla was available now.
I replied OK and booked 11:30 for 30 min.
Got the address and the number 20 red bus from the city takes you conveniently near there.
SMS'd when at the address but had to wait a few minutes before she was ready and got the apartment number.
Buzzed the apartment and went up.
She opened the door and I went in and when I saw her I instantly barred up.
She was gorgeous.

A really sexy young dark skinned Indian girl, with a slim sexy body, and the pics in the ad are real I would say.
She had a pierced nose, tongue and a Monroe and a belly button piercing.
She was dressed in bra and panties covered by a sarong, just like the blue outfit in the pics.
The apartment was very nice and surprisingly reminded me of my recent experience when I visited an Indian girl in Perth.
She invited me into the bedroom offered a shower which I declined as I had just finished doing when I got the SMS.
I asked if she was comfortable with that and she was as she said that she had just showered too.
I passed her the 200.
She started off by lying down with me on the bed still in lingerie.
She wanted to talk a bit as I caressed her sexy body.
Her accent was very local Aussie and I asked her background.
She said she was born here and was Fijiian Indian.
I  asked if she was from New Zealand because of her accent but she said  that was due to hanging out with the Samoans in Bankstown.

She was very young and the impression I got was that she was not very experienced with this type of gig at all.
I  became vary wary about how "private" she was and it became very clear  that she was working for a pimp and he was most likely in one of the  other rooms.
There was also quite likely another wg in one of the other rooms.
I also got the impression that the room was wired for sound.

We started kissing and it quickly became DFK.
It was very GFE but progressing a little too slowly so I started on her breasts so she removed her bra with my help.
She  is definitely not busty, but they were nice A or B cups perhaps and  probably why she didn't remove the bra before lying down.
I sucked on them for a while till I moved down for DATY.
She had a sensational set of dark pussy lips with a big clit and shaved pubic hair and I was in my element. 
I ate her pussy for at least 15 minutes making her climax with my finger inside her caressing her g-spot.
After she came I withdrew my finger covered in her cum and I looked at her and I sucked the juice off my finger.
She  thought it was weird that I did that and that was what made me suspect  that her experience with sex was very vanilla along with a couple of  other comments.
She was scared when she saw pre-cum coming from my cock and asked me to wipe it off.
I  did so and licked it off my finger to reassure her that it was normal  and didn't taste bad, but that was too weird for her as well.

I was hoping that I would get a nice BBBJ after that effort but she stuck to the $50 extra for BBBJ.
I  was not going to give any more for BBBJ and told her so while trying to  talk her into it, but she seemed genuinely unable to make such a  decision and I believe it was because she was unable to lie about what  transpired to her pimp.
I decided not to bother cumming anyway as this was an unexpected booking and I had to go to work after this.

The  way she spoke was very young and naive and the stuff about generations  of karma sutra embedded in her was a load of crap because she was just a  young aussie chick.
A shame really because she does look good.

Sorry I can't report on her oral skills but at least she is not fake, well not totally anyway.

There was one thing about her body that was not so attractive.
Indian  girls normally have body hair, but her ass had too much and although  she didn't give me much chance to see it, I would have preferred it be  waxed or lasered.

Layla Diaz
Looks 10
Body 8
DATY 10
Pussy 10
GFE 9

Exotic Indian Sex princess to worship


http://images.cracker.com.au/cracker...000/280730.JPG


http://images.cracker.com.au/cracker...000/280731.JPG


http://images.cracker.com.au/cracker...000/280732.JPG


http://images.cracker.com.au/cracker...000/280733.JPG


http://images.cracker.com.au/cracker...000/280734.JPG


http://images.cracker.com.au/cracker...000/280735.JPG





			
				That quiet, shy little Indian girl in the corner of your office, on the  train, walking down the street.have you ever just felt the need to take  her home and play out your most erotic fantasies??
Don't dream, don't wait just call and see how real it can be
Layla Diaz.thats me boys and I am here to tell you how I can really turn the heat up in your pants.
First impressions is that shy yet relaxed Indian girl ushering you in with that mischievous smile and seductive gaze
I make you a drink and lead you to my bedroom.I may make a little conversation and get to know you
JUST BEFORE I DEVOUR YOU IN A SEXUAL, PASSIONATE FRENZY.!!!
If  there is one thing I know how to do is show my clients a really good  timeI am a slim, busty 5 foot 6 indian sex princess, only 19 years old  that has the generations of the karma sutra embedded in her geneticsI  have the ability to make you cum just by a little touch, tease and  play.I can send you weak at the knees with my passionate, lusty  pornstar experience
I am not happy unless my clients are happy  because you only deserve the best and I want to show you how I can make  every inch of your body tingle with the memories of our discrete  encounters.
I have a very exotic complexion and big lips..just  imagine that wrapped around your. With my big brown eyes staring up at  youhungry with lust
My body is firm and fit with long legs and  curves in all the right places36" 24" 36" now thats not something to  poke a stick ator is it??
I have an amazingly curvy round bum that  was just meant to be worshipped and poundedtrust me when I say I am  like a drug..once you taste Leyla Diaz there isn't any turning back.
Rates:
- 200 for horny half hrs
- 300 for playful hrs.
-  I offer many services as standard but generally cater for all fantasies  and desiresthis must be discussed with me after you come to your  bookings or via phone.
- Multiple hr bookings attract 250 per additional hr.
- Overnight rates start from $2500 PER NIGHT (10 HRS MAXIMUM STAY).
My sultry services include:
- Mutual French
- Passionate DFK
- Rimming on me
- French (no CIM)
- COB
- Greek (extra $100)
Pretty much anything goes except natural sex otherwise please call to discuss your deepest desires.
Bookings  to be made strictly via my concierge Chelseashe is more than happy to  explain the services to you and take your bookings
I am a private  girl working from a 5 star luxury penthouse in waterloo.this is 5mins  from the CBD with plenty of street parking.
Why waste your hard  earned money on a dingy brothel when you could be relaxing in a luxury  apartment, sipping on a nice scotch and watching me seduce and strip the  excitement out of you.
Cant wait to taste you
Leyla Diaz xx


Floor: #2
Post Time: 13th June 2011, 05:27 AM
Poster ID: Lonestartexan
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Good review.. It makes punting a little less risky when you get a good idea if expectations. I this one is one I'd pass on


Floor: #3
Post Time: 24th July 2011, 11:41 AM
Poster ID: curvyman
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
nice skin not that many around either


Floor: #4
Post Time: 24th July 2011, 07:00 PM
Poster ID: Megan Delaney
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Post made in this thread without the right to do so. s.o.o.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 27th July 2011, 12:29 PM
Poster ID: dandriller
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by Megan Delaney


She's an agency girl. There are several of those adds up ATM. I doubt it's got to do with a pimp as such. 

As for being pestered for BBBJ without extra and the guy licking his own precum to enctice me to do something for free all in a half-hour when you have to split your money with someone else.... I'd be looking at you weirdly too.  to say the least
"""



There was no "pestering" and the precum thing wasn't an enticement more than showing her it was normal as she seemed very naive sexually.
Not something I would normally do, just a spur of the moment and no more wierd than snowballing.
Thanks for taking it all out of context and trying to make me look bad.
That is one of the problems of having input into these forums by "Industry Persons" as it makes you think twice about posting honestly in the future.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 28th July 2011, 11:49 PM
Poster ID: Megan Delaney
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Post made in this thread without the right to do so. s.o.o.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 29th July 2011, 09:00 AM
Poster ID: fireball
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I don't think negotiating about BBBJs in the middle of a session is a good idea.  I have 2 suggestions:

(1) Just take what's on offer. If the girl prefers to do CBJs then be gracious about it and accept that for your session.

or

(2) Sort it all out on the phone before the booking.

I prefer (1) but some punters say they prefer (2). They're both much better than negotiating in the middle of the session IMHO.


