Thread Title: Lilly Independent - Parramatta -  0448 230 224
Floor: #1
Post Time: 24th May 2018, 06:00 PM
Poster ID: unclepj
Post Title: 
 Lilly Independent - Parramatta -  0448 230 224
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lilly

Establishment : Apartment Hassall St Parramatta

Date of Visit : 24/05/18

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.escortsandbabes.com.au/P...t/xo_Lilly_ox/

Hours of Business : Call

Rates : 350/45 but my session lasted 75

Age : 23

Size/shape : size 6 with enhanced DD

Nationality or Ethnicity : Canadian born raised and lives in Cairns

Services Provided : GFE

Value for money/recommend? : 

The best laid plans to see Katie Logan crashed this morning and I had to cancel my booking today.

Plan B and go to E & B to discover Lilly and made a booking later with no trouble.
She opened the door and is a sight to see in a LBD and heels. Short at 165 nice long brown hair killer smile and black rimmed glasses that actually are needed as she has bad eyesight. How lucky am I to score such a stunner
Small chat and a glass of wine I had brought with me (was meant for Katie) shower and into her room that is very comfortable. She is very sensuous and kisses as she says Affectionately. No DFK with this one but lots of hot sensuous lip bites and tugs as we embraced standing with also plenty of body rubbing. Time to see my prize. What a stunner in red lingerie and black stockings as the picture.

More kisses and playing as I sit down and she straddles me. She asks if I think I can get her bra of but by the time she has finished the question it is of and on the floor. Nipples get hard and erect at my kisses. DD's are very good and realistic. They were done in Perth and quite expensive she says. I stand her back up to slide her pants of her great ass that was on offer at $300 but I declined that one. More lip kisses and lip tugs as she slides all over me. Very sexy and she is so much into touching. Very nice. The clock is ticking in a 45 minute session.

I lay her down and worked my way to the Y. Sitting back admiring her body was a treat. Her pussy is nice and pink that show she has not been doing this a long time. Pierced belly button gets some work from my tongue before I go down further. Smells so sweet here hoe clit is small as are her pussy lips and the taste is divine. I suppose I was down there for 5 minutes and she started to work her self on my tongue, by 10 minutes her hips are bouncing into my face and she comes with some nice light whimpering. No foam just real spasms

I pop my face up to her smile. " That nice" i ask. Oh yes thank you.

My turn to lay down as she has a detailed inspection of my cock. Luck for you it looks good Lilly says and the commences one of the better BBBJ I have had. Its easy to say that but to have a super cute Australian 23 year old bouncing up and down my cock is a sight I have only dreamed of for some time. I had her get into 69 and we kept on going until I was close to finish and stopped her. Turned her to face me and had her straddle my face so I could tongue fuck her. Looking up and her face was wonderful as she rode me.

Times up she said but I am having a great time lets keep on going! WTF who says that. I dont complain.

Finally she doms me and lowers herself down my rock hard cock. Tight is the way to describe her pussy. Lilly starts to ride me and I push back into in short sharp thrusts. Im coming she says. Her face screwed up her chest heaved  and if this was a put on she can do it every time with me. Im yet to finish but its not to far

Rolling her into mish which is not one of my favorite positions and pumping still tight pussy soon has me going into the dom. She pulls me into her and embraces me tightly. We are 20 minutes over and she hugs me and finally lets me enter her mouth slightly with my tongue. She thanks me for giving her a nice time. Not bad for 60 eh!

I didn't bother to shower as I was going home alone and the taste of her on my lips and tongue on the way was a great reminder of money well spent.

Lilly is about to go back to Cairns and her real job. This has been a pleasant interlude for her over the past 5 months flying to Sydney for a week every month. She may return at Christmas and if she does I will see her again
She's here till Sunday

Unc


Floor: #2
Post Time: 24th May 2018, 08:00 PM
Poster ID: unclepj
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Lilly as I found her

Enjoy

Unc


Floor: #3
Post Time: 27th May 2018, 08:27 AM
Poster ID: smagic
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
As i could see that both of us are having similar taste in girls "lily and Katie". i would recommend you this girl. https://www.australiacracker.com.au/...-the-lifetime/
Very similar body type to Lily, with south American bum, engaging service and definitely not a clock watcher. She is engaging as Katie, Lily and "Sophia" are the best punts in Parra. BTW Katies flatmate "old name Eliza" is getting up there too. Last time she fucked me soooo hard that the bed mattress fell from the bed. 
Since Lily wont be working until the end of the year and Eliza is on and off to Perth I wouldn't mind a recommendation for Parra punting.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 27th May 2018, 08:48 AM
Poster ID: unclepj
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks for the heads up


