Thread Title: Lily & Amy - Enfield - 0452 011 216
Floor: #1
Post Time: 29th December 2016, 12:57 PM
Poster ID: sandsifter
Post Title: 
 Lily & Amy - Enfield - 0452 011 216
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lily

Establishment :  Private building 

Date of Visit : Dec 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Parramatta advertiser...Lily and Amy...Enfield...0452011216

Hours of Business : Mon-Fri...Not sure on hours

Rates : $150 ph

Age : 50+

Size/shape : a/b cups/Bit lumpy.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Massage,BBJ,FS,Daty

Value for money/recommend? : My mind says no but my cock says yes.

My experience/comments : 

Well,as per normal I am always on the lookout for a new punt. Spent too much time trawling through Cracker and Locanto and ended up looking through the online Parramatta advertiser. Found one in Enfield advertising two Asian girls,28 yrs and quickly searched on Auxxx for any reviews.Bugger nothing! I texted to get rates and services,etc. A lady called me back with details and after booking was on my way for a midday appointment.
Arrived outside the building on Liverpool rd, Enfield and was let in by an old lady called Lily(defininately not 28 more 56) who turns out to be my booking. The other girl Amy wasn't there at that time of day. I really felt like walking and couldn't make eye contact which is a first for me as I don't normally judge people by the way they look. I am certainly past my sell buy date in the looks department but no-one's paying me for a fuck.
The place was a bit cluttered but have been to worse and decided to follow Lily into the bedroom where I paid $150 for 1hr and stripped naked.
Laying facedown on the bed I thought about nothing as she started a very firm massage which again wasn't the worse one I've had. Something did make me smile though when she laid a face towel over buttocks for modesty I suppose.I wasn't even thinking about sex and thought I might struggle to get an erection when it came to the deed.
I was asked to turn over and again the face towel was place over groin.I had my eyes closed for the whole massage and didn't feel any movement downstairs but in all honesty she wasn't touching my cock.
Lily got up and went to the sink for a hot wet towel to wipe the oil off. Now this is where things changed as my mind went for a sleep as my cock brain took over. Lily was working my shaft between her hands and sucking gently on the bell end and then sliding her lips down the length. Yes she's old but she's got a lifetime of experience of cock worship. I had to stop her a couple of times to hold of cumming. I really wanted this one to last and decided to go for some daty before the main course.Full clean shaved quim with a nice taste to it.
Lily decides it's time for some penetration and doms me up before impaling herself onto me. She's feeling her age as she tries to bounce on one leg so I suggest we go mish and pull her legs together while I straddle to get some upper friction into her canal. She's loving this but so am I and the sensation is pushing me over the edge as I pumped a few days of jiz into the bag.
Well that certainly turned out better than I expected.Lily cleaned me up and then took a phonecall from Amy who was on her way over.We chatted for a few minutes and Lily suggested I stay for another hour as she massaged my balls  but I only had $40 in my wallet. I was tempted to see what Amy looked like though and wondered if threesomes are on offer? Who am kidding,I was struggling to walk after this singular punt.
Lily waved me goodbye and ask me to visit again soon but I'm unsure,maybe,will see what the cock brain decides?


