Thread Title: Lily and Los Tres Amigos - Nowra - 0405 147 587
Floor: #1
Post Time: 8th January 2015, 11:59 AM
Poster ID: exmelpunter
Post Title: 
 Lily and Los Tres Amigos - Nowra - 0405 147 587
				
Post Content: 
Apologies for the lateness of this review.  My memory being what it is, I suspect that many of the details of the event will be omitted, but I'll try to capture the overall experience.

After Polonius and I met up with Lily in Sydney earlier in the year, we resolved to make a trip to Nowra to avail ourselves of her even cheaper "at home" rate. We established that with a third buddy in tow, we could basically spend the arvo with her for $200 a head, which as you will agree, is fucking good value.

Rubbertoe had been to a few Jenna gang bangs with me, so I knew he'd be up for it - and sure enough he replied straight away and we set up a date with Lily.  We piled into the Tardis and set coordinates for her place in Nowra.  No incidents on the way, and for those that havent made the trip, allow a good 2.5 hours especially for slower traffic towrads Nowra.

Lily's place is in a very quiet area about 10 ks south of Nowra,a nand we found it easily.  We parked and climbed the stairs to be met by Lily in an ultra bright yellow skin tight mini dress, and she looked fucking amazing.  Intros done, we were soon in her small bedroom, surrounded by her toys, ropes, whips etc.  Ahh what a girl.  It didnt take long for the yellow thing to come off revealing her super smooth chocolate skin, and a huge flesh coloured butt plug stuffed well up her bootylicious arse hole. Hehe.

The three of us had all opted to chemically enhance our pleasure, and we were soon all at full mast just at the sight of her bending over to plop out the plug from her pooper.  Plenty of DFK for the three of us, then we took turns to chow down on her sopping snatch while one of us got a deep throat cock suck and ball sack suck par excellence.  Put simply, Lily just cannot get enough cock.  If I remember correctly, once we'd all done a round of DATY and bbbj, we opted to go directly to jail, and soon the first amigo was balls deep in Lily's bul;ging sphincter in doggy, while a second amigo was ramming his rock solid tool into her face, making her gag many times.

This continued for some time, taking turns in anal doggy and bbbj.  Then it was time for a DP, and with me on my back, deep in her colon, with Lily in reverse cowgirl, Polonius mounted her and plunged his impressive member into her pussy.  Its a bizzare feeling for those of you that havent experienced a DP.  Not only are you wedged into some girl's tight backdoor, but you can feel the other guy's cock sliding in and out just milimetres away from your own.  Its a sensory overload, but there's no overload for Lily as she takes the third cock in her mouth to be fully airtight.

Again, we all swap roles to sample the delights of Lily's 3 hole fiesta and we're all having a ball.  But finally the time comes when the dam must burst, and I was the first to unload a large pasting all over lily's balck face.  There's something extra special about a load of white goo all over a black girls face, and Lily just cant get enough.  She let it all soak in for a while and then scooped up the jizz and sluyrped it down her throat.  Polonius followed soon after, after some prolonged deep throating.  Our learned friend does have quite a weapon, but Lily would be able to get a job at a circus anywhere as a sword swallower.

Rubbertoe still had a full cartridge, so Polonius and I left the room so he could spend some quality one on one time with her.  We wandered into the kitchen to make a drink and have a much needed snack.  There's something very weird yet reassuring about two naked middle aged men, standing in a kitchen chatting, and stroking their viagra engorged tools.

Finally, Rubbertoe emerged with a big smile on his face, and Lily took a moment to drink some non-human fluids.  But not for long!

In the kitchen were some tall bar stools, and Ive always liked the scenes in porno where the girl is high on a stoll with her arse pointing way back, and the guy glides into her stretched starfish.  And of course lily was only too happy to oblige. I was first cab, and with that unbelievable bubble butt pointing east, I slid up to the groin into her bunghole.  She took it in turns to suck cock at the other end, before we had all had a go at the stool position.  This lasted for a good 30 mins, and the chemicals were having the desired effect.

Time for a lie down as the legs on us old fellas were starting to wobble a bit from all that standing anal. Lily suggested we try one of her butt plugs, and after some hesitation I decided id give it a go.  So as I flayed her pussy with my tongue and fingers, and as Poloonius took some snaps, Lily proceeded to stuff that big red vibrating weapon up my chuff. It was good and bad all at once.

There folloed lots more anal, bbbj, dt, daty, squirting etc.  Lily was insatiable.  All up we spent 3.5 hours there and itvweould have been longer had we all been able to spare the time. Lily is one amazing girl. Emp


Floor: #2
Post Time: 8th January 2015, 02:01 PM
Poster ID: rubbertoe
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by exmelpunter


... and I was the first to unload a large pasting all over lily's black face.  There's something extra special about a load of white goo all over a black girls face ..
"""



Yeah, there's something about the contrast in colours - it truly is a visual delight  ...and being a big fan of the Bukkake porno genre, I also had to drop my load onto her face, shortly after Polonius and Lily's cum mask was then complete 

RT


Floor: #3
Post Time: 8th January 2015, 02:17 PM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
This thread is for Lilly (see http://auxxxreviews.com/forum/f100/l...ighlight=nowra  for Lilly solo) and menage, in Nowra.

See also http://auxxxreviews.com/forum/f100/l...ighlight=nowra


Floor: #4
Post Time: 9th January 2015, 08:51 AM
Poster ID: Bob64
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Great review


Floor: #5
Post Time: 9th January 2015, 09:06 AM
Poster ID: hard
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
What an afternoon... what a girl... awesome review EMP... and well 'done' guys!





			
				There's something very weird yet reassuring about two naked middle aged men, standing in a kitchen chatting, and stroking their viagra engorged tools.
			
		

A priceless? mental picture!!!


