Thread Title: Lina -  0450 148 217  - Hurstville
Floor: #1
Post Time: 11th September 2017, 09:31 PM
Poster ID: freddyboy333
Post Title: 
 Lina -  0450 148 217  - Hurstville
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lina

Establishment : Private apartment in Hurstville

Date of Visit : Sat 2nd September

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : ?Perfect girlfriend ! ?Lina ? gorgeous hot shape * passion Malaysian ???? - Sydney escorts - backpage.com.au

Hours of Business : Not sure. I went on a Saturday night 12am.

Rates : $200 p/h

Age : About 30

Size/shape : Slim, large boobs

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : FS, CBJ, BBBJ for extra $50

Value for money/recommend? : Not really. She didn't seem interested at all and got distracted by phone. She has really nice skin which is about the only positive. She gave a really nice CBJ as well, would be even better natural but I didn't go that way. She rode me well enough. Her face isn't the best but she has a sexy body. Overall she seemed very bored which was a turn off. I left after 30 mins despite paying for an hour.

My experience/comments : Won't go back. Not worth the money. If she charged $80 or so for 30 mins maybe I would.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 12th October 2017, 02:07 PM
Poster ID: Samseven
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lina

Establishment : Private apartment in Hurstville

Date of Visit : Wed 11th October 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : ?Perfect girlfriend ! ?Lina ? gorgeous hot shape * passion Malaysian ???? - Sydney escorts - backpage.com.au

Hours of Business : Unsure. I visited at 3pm

Rates : $200 p/h

Age : Says 25, I think at least 35

Size/shape : Slim, medium boobs

Nationality or Ethnicity : Taiwanese

Services Provided : FS, CBJ, BBBJ for extra $50

Value for money/recommend? :  I don't think this woman is the same as the last punter's. I suspect this is just another agency - however it wasn't a shocker (as I've had in the past!). She is very slim, tiny but not pure white skin - and her boobs are not huge. She has  a sweet ass and lovely shaved pussy. She was quite attractive, given she's 35(ish) and her manner was very friendly and sweet - however almost no English. I was really in the mood to just get off, so I wasn't looking for a long sexual encounter - just a 30 min naked BBBJ. Given I'd only booked for 30 mins I opted not to have a shower (I had one just before I went over to see her). She gave me complete attention but was very keen to get me off quickly, not a bad technique but certainly not the best. Things went a little strange when she got a pube stuck in her throat...a bit of delay while she coughed, spluttered and made weird sounds trying to get it out. After I'd had a good look watching her suck me from various angles and enjoying the view I decided to let her finish me off...

But...god I hate it when the wipes come out during a session.

My experience/comments : Won't go back. Too hasty and, given it's an agency, I don't know who'll I'll get.

FOR GOODNESS SAKE - I don't mind agencies, just let me know who I'm actually going to see! Grrrr....


