Thread Title: Linda - Kogarah - 0426 788 598
Floor: #1
Post Time: 13th September 2019, 07:18 PM
Poster ID: justdane
Post Title: 
 Linda - Kogarah - 0426 788 598
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : linda

Establishment : private

Date of Visit : last tuesday 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0426788598 https://m.locanto.com.au/sydney/ID_3...t-Kogarah.html

Phone :

Hours of Business : 

Rates : 80 dollars for a quickie

Age : i'd say mid to late 40's

Size/shape : 14 plus

Nationality or Ethnicity : chinese (mix of japanese and taiwanese)

Services Provided : kissing, bbj,cfs

Value for money/recommend? : ok

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

found her ad on locanto, made contact a few weeks later. making a booking was easy, she responded pretty quickly. her unit is on king street, a quiet neighbourhood, just 2 min walking from kogarah station, very discreet, second floor unit.

i dont think she is the woman in the picture, she looks more bigger in reality. she has friendly face, always smile. really nice white skin for her age, face is attractive, more on the chubby side. large firm breast with medium sized pink areolas, small pink nipples. she was shaven with some stubbles. some excess fat around belly, but looks pretty decent once she lays down.

service was quite enthusiastic. wanted to do cbj at first but i requested for no condom and she didnt mind. a little bit rushy but probably because i opted for a quickie for 80 dollars. she didnt asked me whether i was after for a massage or full service ( as her ad stated). she just assumed i was there for the sex. kissing was ok, but not really a DFK, maybe would get better for the next time. overall, was a good punt, it was just too quick.

value for money?? hmmm considering she is a private, maybe yeah. but there is a good chance that you get a similar or even better service at shops such as 47 sydenham, or billys or even 12 bellevue so ymmv


Floor: #2
Post Time: 6th October 2019, 12:29 PM
Poster ID: mranal
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Linda

 Establishment : private

 Date of Visit : 5th Oct 2019 (Yesterday)

 Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Locanto https://m.locanto.com.au/sydney/ID_3...t-Kogarah.html

 Phone : 0426788598

 Hours of Business : 

 Rates : $110 - 1/2 hr

 Age : Mid 40's

 Size/shape : 14 ish

 Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian 

 Services Provided : CBJ, BBBJ, CFS (BBFS with CIP was on offer)

 Value for money/recommend? : ok

 My experience/comments : So I was feeling in the mood for a mature lady. I came across Linda through Locanto and had read a review on here also. I SMS Linda asking if she was available Today within 30min. 2-3 min later I had a reply. A few SMS back and forth and I had her address minus the unit number. She would advise that were downstairs. I went to the address in Kogarah, Linda SMS the unit number as agreed. I went up stairs and was greeted by Linda who was wearing a robe. She led me to the bedroom and sorted out the financials. We both undressed and moved to the bed. Her boobs are nice and full, Sit great and are firm. I put them in my mouth for a little while she started to rub my shaft. After a few minutes she asked if I wanted a BJ with or without a condom, I opted of without. She gave ok head, Wasn't afraid to get half of the shaft into her mouth and had good speed to it. After around 2-3 minutes she asked if I wanted to fuck. I said yes. She asked with or without condom. I opted to rubber up. She climbed on top and started to ride me. She was very tight. While she was riding me I told here about how I was single and missed having a girlfriend purely for the BB sex and CIP. She said that was ok and I could do that to her. I turned her on her back and was going fairly hard watching here boobs bounce on her chest until I blew in the bag. She Cleaned me up and I left. I paid for 30min however probably only there for 20. Should have opted for the $80 quickie.

The BBFS and CIP was not for me however it may be ok for someone else, Just seems a little risky.
Probably won't return purely because I have seen her once and crossed off the list. She was very friendly and accommodating.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 31st December 2019, 06:11 AM
Poster ID: SeaRay
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
The SeaRay visited Linda the Mature Japanese mixture MILF in her Kogarah unit for a $110 suck & fuck, the other woman in the photo she posts is her Sister who also works in the business at Merrylands.
This could be the Sister
https://sydney.locanto.com.au/ID_3074395422/New-New-New-to-Merrylands-Mature-Asian-cougar-waiting-for-you.html
They use very similar words in their adverts
Her Locanto posing account is in the name of Tina Chen so I would doubt she is fully Japanese, she will pee over you for an extra $50 and does not do the back passage.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 9th March 2020, 10:21 AM
Poster ID: Jack Onderka
Post Title: 
 Linda - Kogarah
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Linda

Establishment : Independent

Date of Visit : 5 Feb 2020

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Kogarah

Phone : 0426 788 598

Hours of Business : 9.00 am to 10.00 pm

Rates : $160 / hr

Age : 39

Size/shape : Full

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian

Services Provided : Full Service or hand / oral relief

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : Linda is probably a bit older than the 39 years advertised. A pretty face and nice pair on her. Bit of a belly. Showered first - by myself. Not much ceremony in getting naked. Some light touching which was quite good and then on the bed and into her going down on me. She is quite good at that and open to quite a lot of my playing with her clit at the same time. Seemed to work on her to orgasm.
Then a light massage - not that good, but nice enough.
Back to sucking my member and managed to cum on her tits with a smile.


