Thread Title: Linda - Rhodes - 0420 532 595
Floor: #1
Post Time: 6th May 2018, 02:34 PM
Poster ID: BoldGuy
Post Title: 
 Linda - Rhodes - 0420 532 595
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Linda

Establishment : private

Date of Visit : 6/4/2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.gblaster.com/ad-post/?id=422

Hours of Business : 10 till late, 7 days/wk

Rates : 30/150, 45/180, 60/200

Age : late 20s or early 30s

Size/shape : size 10ish

Nationality or Ethnicity : Taiwanese

Services Provided : BBBJ, FS

Value for money/recommend? : No

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

I've been seeing my regulars for a while now, so I'm getting itchy feet (thanks god it's just itchy feet and not itchy dick). Time to venture out and see what's out there since cracker's demise. Been seeing this ad for quite sometimes in few places. Love her boobs! Since the pictures had her holding a selfie stick, I thought maybe this is a go... Nothing over glamorous. Must be the real deal.. Hmmm. 

Time to text! Waited for an hour for a reply... Had a back up just in case. Finally arranged a time. Started with a half hour booking with BBBJ just in case it goes sour. Her place was located in Rhodes. Bad omen perhaps... Heard lots of bad experiences around this area. Hey, what the hell. Nothing ventured, nothing gain. 

Rocked up up to the flashy apartment block. Was given her apartment number and buzzed up. Door opened and viola... Nothing like the pictures! Although she was an ok looker, relatively young and not a grumpy old Chinese woman. I stuck to my half hour booking... Not worth upgrading.

The place was bare minimum. Not very tidy. A table and a chair in the lounge room. A couple of single mattress on the floor in the bedroom. Wow... Spared no expense here! The place was all covered up. A little smelly. Need some fresh air and sun that's for sure. 

Showered and and off to bed. She stripped off and reveal a size B kinda droopy Pair of tits. Very hairy un-kept bush... Oh boy. My Lil fellow is not gonna like this. She started kissing my body... Now, normally I love to start off with a little French kiss, cuddle, sucking tits to get in the mood. Since I have only half hour I just let her take charge. Not interested in kissing her at all. Just didn't find the connection to do any of that. She started kissing my body and working her way down to my soft and unresponsive cock. Nothing... Not getting in the mood at all. She asked 'is suck ok?' Although her BJ is pretty good... The image of her droopy tits and unkept bush just killed my mood. I love a firm pair of tuts and finely trimmed or shaved pussy. Maybe It's just me.

At the is stage,  I thought fuck it... I'm taking charge. I started masturbated my own cock. Seeing this, she started licking and kissing my thighs and my balls. Now... That felt good. Her warm tongue on my balls did the freaking job. In no time, my cock was hard. She started sucking me off. Her BBBJ was pretty freaking good once my dick was working. Sucking and stroking at the same time. Had to ask her to slow down a few time in case I blew all over her face and mouth. After 15 mins or so... She asked 'no sex, just BJ?' I replied a few more minutes of suck please. She smiled and continued. Well, after a while...It's time to dom up. Got her into mish position. Inserted my cock and started playing with tits and clit. Slowly pounding my way all the way to finish line. Showered and left... Saying to myself. I shall not return. Had an OK time... But not my thang!


