Thread Title: Linda - Miranda - 0468 878 249
Floor: #1
Post Time: 14th March 2020, 11:12 PM
Poster ID: jonnydang77
Post Title: 
 Linda - Miranda - 0468 878 249
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name :  Linda

Establishment :  Private residence in Miranda

Date of Visit :  Tuesday late afternoon mid March

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Miranda NSW
https://www.theleader.com.au/classif...dult-services/

Phone : 0468 878 249

Hours of Business : Mon-Sun from 10am to 7:30pm

Rates : $35 for 30mins and $60 for 60mins  + tips for extras

Age : Mid 40's

Size/shape : Average looking Asian MILF, around 1.7m tall, Thin and slim build with some belly fat, Average size tits with some sag, bushy vagina, long brown and reddish hair. Can speak and understand English.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese MILF

Services Provided : Massage, F/S

Value for money/recommend? : Better MILF services elsewhere.

My experience/comments : 
Browsing through the adult classifieds section of the St George Leader I stumbled onto this ad.

"Miranda, new, pretty lady, very good relaxing massage 0468 878 249"

Intrigued by the ad I texted her mobile number to get additional details and make an appointment. This independent lady works privately from her apartment which is located in one of many newly built similar looking residential high rise precincts in Miranda. Finding the street let alone the building and unit number was a bitch. It took several attempts at driving up and down various streets, and several text messages to find the place, I was almost ready to throw the proverbial "massage" towel in and call it day.

I was eventually instructed to enter via the rear entrance of the unit and be very discreet and quiet. All the units look similar, there's very little in terms of signage or unit numbering, even more difficult given it was almost dusk. She eventually came outside, waving her arms about, opened the back gate and asked me to come in.

The apartment is a modern style residential 1-2 bedder, with a massage table, a towel, a bottle of oil and pipe music thrown in to give it that massage place feel. First thing I noticed was a tea towel neatly folded in the middle of the massage table positioned exactly were the cock would normally be placed.....What the Fuck! 
I thought disposable paper tissues was the norm? Perhaps with the Coronavirus and the fucking toilet roll crisis she couldn't get any tissues.

I paid for 1 hr and regretted it... this massage was up there with the top 10 worst massages I've had to date. No massage skills whatsoever. During the massage, her phone chimed continually with new messages. She occasionally paused the massage, gazed, and sometimes had a quick read of the text massage. At the appointed time she suggested some extras. I thought about it and opted for a quickie in the hope this would salvage the session from being a complete waste of time and money. Generally when the massage is fucked you'd expect the WL to provide a decent root to make up for the lack of massage skills.

She hopped onto the massage table and we tried a few horizontal positions, but her starfishing didn't help my cause. I got her to sit on the edge of the table with me in standing position, I opened her legs wide open and inserted my cock into her hairy bush in the hope that watching my cock darting in and out like a ferret would get me across the line. Unfortunately it did not have the desired effect. Under the pump, with the clock ticking down, her phone constantly going off, very little in terms of arousal, and the fear my cock would soon tap out, I desperately tried a few more positions and finally after scraping the bottom of the "barrel of sex positions" I bent her over the side of the massage table and pounded her in doggy style. At one point whilst I was pounding her she had the audacity to pick up the phone and reply to one of the text messages - fuck this I thought to myself, so I banged her harder and faster, and eventually unloaded into the plastic bag.

A quick clean up and I was out of there quick and fast, like a bunch of tourists disembarking a Coronavirus infected cruise ship.
I didn't bother asking for the days and hours of operation. I suspect the usual 7 days a week from mid morning to late afternoon.
It seems this Asian WL owns/rents this apartment and works freelance to service the needs of the many construction workers that are in the area; quite entrepreneurial. If only she brushed up on her sex appeal, her services and/or her massage skills then she would be on a winner.

With all the hassles of trying to find the place, an average looking Asian MILF that makes no attempt to service the customer, a substandard massage and an overall experience that is not worth bragging about I won't be returning......but Your Mileage May Vary.


