Floor: #1
Post Time: 21st October 2019, 09:58 AM
Poster ID: justdane
Post Title: 
 Linda - Ashfield/Enfield - 0434 582 853
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Linda

Establishment : private

Date of Visit : last friday of sept 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://sydney.locanto.com.au/ID_332...E-LADY-40.html

Phone : 0434582853
Hours of Business : 

Rates : 70/120 for massage and 100/180 for FS

Age : i would say mid 40's to early 50's

Size/shape : shortish, BBW

Nationality or Ethnicity : thai

Services Provided : massage, FS

Value for money/recommend? : pretty affordable but would not recommend

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)


this punt took time a few weeks back, so cant remember that much detail. felt like trying a private on that day. made a contact, easy response. i think the number is used by more than 1 girl. it is more like a private shop situation. linda gave me her private number at the end of the session but i didnt save it. she said there was another lady who works there, older, and mainly works at night time, which also the host of the place. linda told me she has been working on private from her own place in guildford for the last few years, just recently her friend asked her to work at this place for a few days a week. the place is a small 2 level unit on paramatta rd not too far from Bunnings. they are on the ground level.

Linda is friendly, always had smiles on her face. she told me she is 43. my eyes told me to add 10 more years on that. she has large breast, in a very nice condition for her age, nice looking small nipples. she has some excess fat around her belly which become more noticeable once she is naked. she has a major surgery scars on her belly and at least another small one which i think comes from an appendix surgery. she wasnt shaven at that time.

although i opted for 30 min nude massage with bodyslide, i never received an actual massage. she dropped her lingerie up to her belly and then sat beside the bed with me lying on my tummy. she was just straight into TT. after 2 min, i realize i wouldnt be gettting any massage, i let my self to turn over and just played with her boobs, while she played with my member. she offered me to upgrade to FS but i didnt think it was worth it so i declined.  her HJ was just ok, not spectacular, i managed to blow after a little bit of concentration. 

overall it was just a forgettable punt. i just like the excitement that i get when trying a new private provider.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 31st December 2019, 01:47 PM
Poster ID: SeaRay
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
This Asian Mature works out of the funny little converted shop front at 304 LIVERPOOL Road ENFIELD which has been used as a mini (1 - 2 persons) Asian Joint for many years where several Asian W.L's have shared the rent, advertising and phone number


