Thread Title: Linda - Liverpool - 0415 897 320
Floor: #1
Post Time: 29th October 2019, 06:08 PM
Poster ID: Khadji
Post Title: 
 Linda - Liverpool - 0415 897 320
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Linda

Establishment : N/A

Date of Visit : 29 October 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://sydney.locanto.com.au/ID_399...Liverpool.html

Phone : 0415897320

Hours of Business : 

Rates : $80 - 30 Minutes

Age : 50+

Size/shape : B Cups, Shaven, Milf

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : BBBJ, CFS

Value for money/recommend? : No

My experience/comments : 

I thought I would try something different that my normal rounds so took a look on Locanto, Linda popped up as a local affordable option, Chinese Milf looking in the picture, acceptable. In the flesh you could add 10+ years or more, for those looking for the Gmilf types she might tick a box. Anyway I was there and thought I will try out the session anyway.

It is her apartment and the 2nd room has a massage table tucked next to a queen bed and is set up for clients, along with a spartan bathroom obviously only use by mongers. I grabbed a quick shower and she made sure I was dry before getting on the bed. She had her phone with her that beeped, I glanced at once stage and it was a stock market app of some sort, not messages. She is a little stocky, shaven, B Cups (Enhanced I think). she started with a BBBJ which started ok but some teeth creeped in, she did stop sucking at some points and spit on my cock porn style then some hand action and back to it. If there were less teeth it would have been decent. The issue started with her also talking about each thing she was doing or going to do, I am going to suck you cock with no condom, I am sucking your cock, etc. Still it hadn't broken my train of thought yet. 

On with the cover and she laid down for Mish, it continued, you are going to fuck me this way, she lubed up some and I started in Mish, but then she started moaning, and talking, and moaning just too much and over the top for me. At one point I was wondering if the neighbours were tuning in. So I got her to move to Doggy hoping that would turn down the volume, nope, at this stage my cock was no longer wanting to play the game. She whipped off the condom, oh you not like condom, and started some hand action, but at this stage I had left the building "in my mind" and it was a matter of how long it took my body. I politely excused my self, grabbed a rinse and escaped.

She was friendly enough but the rest of the session just didn't tick any of my boxes, so consider this one a fail for the Khad.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 29th October 2019, 06:17 PM
Poster ID: Acharya
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Kudos Khadj for taking one ofr the team


Floor: #3
Post Time: 2nd November 2019, 04:05 PM
Poster ID: lofty14u
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Shame because she's a good looking lass, if the photos in her add are correct.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 6th November 2019, 04:23 PM
Poster ID: Khadji
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Lofty, I just checked the ad link and it has different photos up now, but they are still very out of date from the reality.


