Thread Title: Lisa Akira - Sydney CBD - 0406 991 211
Floor: #1
Post Time: 13th February 2019, 11:02 AM
Poster ID: flelak
Post Title: 
 Lisa Akira - Sydney CBD - 0406 991 211
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lisa Akira

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 25/11/18

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.escortsandbabes.com.au/P...isa_Akira1225/

Phone :0406 991 211

Hours of Business : call to check

Rates : 400ph

Age : 30

Size/shape : petite

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian - Japanese

Services Provided : FS GFE PSE

Value for money/recommend? : ok

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)
Had an eye on Lisa for quite some time before finally decided to see her.
Communication was easy enough but she had some issues with her room and had to change booking place 3 times!
Anyways, finally met Lisa in high rise apartment in Sydney CBD.
I was greeted my sexy tanned petite lady in tight black dress, her body felt so tight when hugging which I liked.
Financial was handled and into shower and out.

Lisa was waiting for on the bed with gorgeous lingerie which came off pretty quick.
Her English was good enough for communications and we started chatting then touching then kissing then more touching and sex!
Her blow job was one of the best i've experienced and also she didn't mind me going down under, her clean shaven pussy got wet quickly and her cute moaning almost made me cum.
I couldn't wait much longer and she domed me and went on top. What a view and her tight body pressing against my body was so good.
Eventually, I didn't hold out for long and came.
We chatted with my hands all over her and got hard again, and this time Lisa took my little one and started blowjob so dramatically and sexy that I came in her mouth which she took it in her mouth! (even though it was not in the package)

Overall, Lisa was case of "you pay for what you get". She seems little over priced for an Asian lady, but looking back at all those fake adverts and/or clinical and no-English Asian ladies out there, she's definitely one of the bests you will see.


