Thread Title: Lisa - Ingleburn - 0420 435 562
Floor: #1
Post Time: 6th November 2017, 03:26 PM
Poster ID: Peedee
Post Title: 
 Lisa - Ingleburn - 0420 435 562
				
Post Content: 
Persons Name : Lisa

Establishment : Apartment near ingleburn station

Date of Visit : 6/11/2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : ? Hello Guys I'm hot horny girl from Thailand ,Ru ready for me??? - Sydney escorts - cracker.com.au

Hours of Business : I visited during lunch. I think 10am - 8pm

Rates : $110 -30 mins

Age : mid 20s

Size/shape : Slender size 4-6 with A cups. Perky nipples, darker Thai skin. Nice arse with a little bit to grab onto. Long straight dark hair, pretty face - braces  - may have had some acne when younger but still very attractive in a cute small girl sort of way.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai - ok English 

Services Provided : full sex, cbj, 69, rimming on her, ball licking deep daty - tongue punching and fingering. A little ass play on her.

Value for money/recommend? : just what the doctor ordered - yes yes yes

My experience/comments : 

Rang organised the visit. Texted afterwards asking if daty and 69 were ok - response yes.... yahooo.

It's a newish apartment complex with easy front enters but need to be buzz in. Simple enough and up to the room. Greeted at the door by Lisa in some nice lingerie (if that's your thing). Shower and straight into it. I think kissing may have been on the menu but I don't do it other than the occasional peck on the neck etc...

I lay her down and start eating her very nice pussy, shaved bare and clean. I spent a good amount of time sticking and slurping her arse and pussy, it was that typical small Thai pussy with a little pink inside with some nice brownish lips. Very appealing - her ass much the same, clean tight and easily eatable.

On with the Dom and into 69 position, continued eating her out and started to finger her ass with my thumb up to the first knuckle. No whincing, she was enjoying it. Plenty of slurping on my cock and I didn't notice her braces so I think she did a good job. Though I was too busy eating her pussy and ass, to really notice.

I wanted to fuck her, so we moved into doggie, in which she positioned herself amazingly. Arched back with her ass sticking up perfectly onto my cock. A little bit of ass to hold onto and I went to town. The bottom of my shaft rubbed intensely onto her public bone which made want to come quite quickly... i think she has a gift tightening her pussy to do this. If it was natural, it would have been mind blowing...

Unfortunately didn't get to go different positions as I blew in the bag but definitely not upset at the situation.

Lisa normally works Wednesday's but was filling in for one of the other girls. 2 different ladies work out of the apartment on most days hence the reason for the different adverts with the same phone numbers on cracker.

Overall, very happy with Lisa


