Floor: #1
Post Time: 27th May 2019, 10:45 AM
Poster ID: aabro10
Post Title: 
 Lisa/Kitty - Randwick - 0410 613 553
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lisa (Ad says Kitty)

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : Late March 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.escortsandbabes.com.au/P...dent/Kittysub/

Phone :0410613553

Hours of Business : Ask her, saw her on a Tuesday afternoon. She does work part time in another capacity. 

Rates : I got her to do $350 for hour, ad states $400. 

Age : Late 40s. 

Size/shape : Short, chubby, large breasts, not very attractive. Nice and pleasant girl though 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie (Italian background)

Services Provided : BBBJ, heavy fingering, COF, CFS, Anal, Spanking, titty tying, use of butt plug and toys, Sub games, squirting

Value for money/recommend? : Not for me. 

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

I had messaged Lisa a few times over summer trying to sort out a time. Finally got a chance to meet her in a hotel in Randwick. She is a lovely woman, big tits, but is chubby and definitely rough around the edges. Her hair definitely needed to be washed, there was small specks of white stuff throughout. She also stank of smokes. Not like she'd just had one, but that long lingering smell of a pack a day smoker (it basically made me gag). 

Anyway, I spent an hour doing a whole lot of depraved things to her. Deep throat bbbj until she gagged everywhere. Tied up her tits and put clamps on her nipples. Tied her hands behind her back and held a vibrator on her clit until she begged me to cum. Fucked her in a whole manner of positions both in her pussy and arse. Finally ended up unloading a huge load all over her face. 

It was a strange feeling afterwards. I think some of the things that transpired are maybe best left to porn videos. Added to this her unwashed hair and the smell of cigarettes was very off putting. For what it's worth, I don't think she is unhygienic in other areas, no bad smells from her downstairs and no body odour, just hair and cigs, but not very pleasant nevertheless. 

If you don't care about ciggy smell and are ok with unwashed hair and are looking for a middle aged plump woman to do a whole range of depraved activities with for a reasonable price, she is your girl.


