Thread Title: Lisa - Penrith  - 0478 886 457
Floor: #1
Post Time: 6th January 2020, 12:39 PM
Poster ID: james31
Post Title: 
 Lisa - Penrith  - 0478 886 457
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lisa


Establishment : Private


Date of Visit : 2/1/2020



Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0478886457

https://sydney.locanto.com.au/ID_405...r-I-m-hot.html


Phone : 0478886457


Hours of Business : 9 - 6


Rates : $200 hr  $120 30 min


Age : 30


Size/shape : Size 10, bit of a gut, B/C tits, nice nipples, reasonably attractive


Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese


Services Provided : BBBJ, FS, CIM


Value for money/recommend? : Okay-ish but probably better value to be had


My experience/comments : I had intended to start the year with a visit to Fiona's but it was hot and Fiona's air con sucks but Lisa's ad caught my eye on Locanto as it did not seem to have the same ring to it as the bait and switch ads that appear all the time for chinese girls.
I texted back and forth trying to ascertain if the pics were really her and she immediately admitted that they were not her  , she claimed to keep her privacy and hide it from her family, because of her upfront honesty I decided to give her a go, I figured I could always walk if I did not like what I see when I got there.

Lisa works from a new unit block on Hope st ( I took this to be an omen for those of you who know number 28 in Seven Hills ! ), this was a good sign as it was a hot day and air con is more likely in a new building. Turns out the building is nice and new and the apartment is modern but there is only air con in the living room and not the bedroom. Bathroom was clean and tidy and new with fresh towels piled ready to be used.

So Lisa is OK looking but nothing special, she greets me in some flimsy lingerie which can't quite hide her gut which is spilling a little over her panties but I think she looks promising so I stay, what I liked about Lisa was since I like to kiss during a service she was happy to kiss and eventually opened up a bit to some half DFK she was not a great kisser but actually made an effort and laughed and made comment about how I liked to kiss.

She gave a reasonable attempt and a BBBJ and did spend some time on licking my balls and shaft and gave a small rimming, I am guessing that a return visit she would be more willing she seemed a little tense.

I chose not to attempt DATY as she offers BBS but I managed to make her cum by rubbing her clit while licking her nipples and kissing, she really started getting heated and wet and started begging for a fucking, dommed up and fucked her hard and eventually pulled the DOM and came in her mouth which she spat straight away.

On speaking with her afterwards ( we lay together in an exhausted hot sweaty mess while we both recovered ) and had a nice chat, said she is quite new to the work only been at it about 6 weeks, has a daughter and husband who does not know what she does. She said she worked as a kindergarten teacher in China but cannot get work here and needing money eventually worked her way from doing massage in a massage joint which a friend talked her into ,  to doing her first hand job which again she got talked into and then did not realise she needed to ask for money for the deed !  This made us both laugh ,  to eventually trying full service and now working out of a unit, she seemed genuinely shy and her story had a ring of truth to it.

Lisa was nice enough and is a private WL  which is unusual in itself, I liked her but I did not really get off in the same way that I do with some of Fiona's experienced girls so I am not sure I will be back as she did not excel in any one area.


