Thread Title: Lisa - St Leonards - 0433 893 732
Floor: #1
Post Time: 8th December 2018, 08:03 AM
Poster ID: hornykiwi
Post Title: 
 Lisa - St Leonards - 0433 893 732
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lisa

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 7 Dec 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://sydney.locanto.com.au/ID_326...ou-Friday.html

Phone :0433 893 732

Hours of Business : 10-10

Rates : 180

Age : 23

Size/shape : 6

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian

Services Provided : FS

Value for money/recommend? : 100% worth it

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)Popped in to my favorite place in St Leonard's as knew Lisa was working again. I arrived at her apartment and she remembered me which was good. She is a beautiful lady and she gave me a big hug and we were soon kissing. It was just like seeing a beautiful girlfriend again. We both had a shower(sadly not together this time) and were back in the room. We were kissing again this time skin against skin. After a bit she laid herself on the bed and directed me to eat her pussy. Being the gentlemen that I am I couldn't refuse. After lots of moaning and getting my face smothered in her juices I couldn't wait anymore and went up to kiss her.

Shortly afterwards I was inside her and I knew I wanted this to last as long as possible so took my time. After about 5 mins she asked me to do her doggy style which was great for I could see her boobs in the mirror with every thrust. Next thing I know I could feel that I came inside her and it felt good. We were soon kissing again and then she gave me a massage which was light but sensual so after about 10 mins I turned over and kissed her again and then got her to lie down and next thing I knew we were doing it missionary and this time the orgasm was more intense.

WIR anytime as she is a beautiful lady and gets better with everytime I see her


Floor: #2
Post Time: 12th December 2018, 03:57 PM
Poster ID: jethro751
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Lisa - St Leonards - 0433 893 732 

Person's Name : Lisa

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 12/12/2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://sydney.locanto.com.au/ID_326...ou-Friday.html

Phone :0433 893 732

Hours of Business : 10 am to 10 pm every Wednesday and Friday

Rates : $180 and I paid $200 for one hour

Age : 25

Size/shape : Size 6 nice sexy body and legs, pretty face, c cup boobs, pale complexion

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian

Services Provided : DFK with tongue sucking, DATY, rimming on her, BBBJ, face sitting, 69, cowgirl, side saddle different angles with balls massage and pussy play, side doggy, missionary to finish

Value for money/recommend? : Yes great session - very girlfriend

My experience/comments : I tried to see Lisa some months back and ended up with another girl in this same apartment so you need to make sure it is Lisa who is on and if its Wednesday or Friday then you should be ok.

I arrived at 11 am downstairs in the lobby and its a security building so Lisa opened the door and texted me the level and room number and I knocked on the door and she is hiding and I thought here we go again.

I entered and its her and she is as per the ad only maybe a year or two older and a couple of kilos heavier but an attractive girl anyway and its very dark in there so we enter the bedroom and I get a nice welcome hug and kiss.

She is a very friendly pleasant girl and she said I was handsome and gave me a tongue kiss straight away so that was amazing and I am holding her and she feels really good with very soft skin and nice body and pretty face.

We both shower and I told her I like to lick pussy and she was very pleased and then lay down and I was sucking and licking her pussy and for at least ten minutes and gave her arse a licking as well and she really loved it and was oozing pussy juices all over my face.

She was holding me and looking at me sometimes with a look of rapture and said I was very good at licking and that she was very horny and I found her to be genuine the whole time I was with her with no faking anything.

I was kissing her inner thighs and grabbing those nice c cups and stroking her belly and she loved it all and then I said I like to be sucked and she knelt beside me on the bed and 3/4 deep throated my cock so slowly and softly.

The sucking went for five minutes and then my balls are being sucked so softly and I am now very horny indeed and my cock has grown big and hard and each time she sucked it felt very nice.

Lisa then give me her pussy to lick and sat on my face and I ate her out again for a few moments and then moved around for some 69 and held her close while she sucked my cock.

We were eating each other with passion and both making moaning sounds due to be being turned on so much and then Lisa goes on top in cowgirl and she fucked me slowly for a moment and then I just had to fuck her from underneath.

I fucked her hard and fast and held her sexy butt and she was crying out and the kissing is pretty intense now and we are sucking tongues and I am as horny as fuck by now and there was heaps of cum all over her from me rubbing her butt.

We then went to side saddle and I just went slowly and made love to her and she was massaging my balls and I was playing with her pussy and Lisa said she was loving it and it felt fantastic.

Lisa is a very easy girl to get along with and I found her very accommodating and she was quite happy just to lay there and let me fuck her slowly for maybe fifteen minutes like this and she was telling me that it felt really good.

I was in raptures the whole time just looking at her and taking my time and it was very special the way she was and then I changed to side doggy and I was fucking her fast and she was crying out egging me on.

I then felt like some missionary so I could kiss her again and I just made slow passionate love to her and we were kissing with tongues intertwining and she looked so sexy under me and her reactions were so good.

I felt as though I was with a genuine girlfriend or even better than many that I have been with in that she truly was enjoying it so much and had eyes closed and was making sexy sounds while I fucked her.

I had some fast paced action for a while and she was crying out urging me on and then held her close with the kissing and came with an amazing orgasm for both of us while holding each other very tightly.

I just lay there on top still inside her kissing even after the sex and it was very nice and genuine and then extracted and we each showered and Lisa gave me another passionate kiss while standing there dressed.

So thanks to hornykiwi for the heads up and she is a really nice girl and is worth a punt.

Lisa wants me back and said she really enjoyed it so I am very happy with that.

I tipped her an extra $20


Floor: #3
Post Time: 16th February 2019, 01:18 PM
Poster ID: Abdominator
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lisa

Establishment : Private - St Leonards

Date of Visit : 14 Dec 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://sydney.locanto.com.au/ID_326...ou-Friday.html

Phone :0433 893 732

Hours of Business : 10-10

Rates : 180

Age : 23

Size/shape : 6

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian

Services Provided : FS/BBBJ/DATY

Value for money/recommend? : Yes - had a great time

My experience/comments : St Leonards is not that far from my workplace in the city so given the positive reviews of Lisa I decided to try for myself on one of my infrequent excursions
outside of the city.

Once I had found the place and entered her apartment I was most pleased with her appearance, I personally found her to be very nice looking  girl with a sexy body. More importantly, she was very friendly and enthusiastic in her approach to her work. She immediately made me feel welcome with her flattering comments about my looks and body (very handsome !.....ooh nice body !.....the usual flattery they throw our way, which even if it is exaggerated it is always appreciated).

Once we got down to business I found that she was a very good kisser, a characteristic that she has in common with my favourite WLs and we certainly did plenty of that during the session. When I finally pulled myself away from her face I kissed may way down her body as she lay down on the bed, moving from neck to tits to stomach and then down to her pussy, which she enjoyed immensely, with her pussy quickly becoming extremely wet and she became very vocal
and was making complimentary comments about my efforts down there. After a prolonged licking she announced it was time for her to repay me in kind and she commenced a very good BBBJ, taking me all in.

After a while of this I thought I had better stop before I blow and soon enough she had made the necessary adjustments and was riding me with some vigour while I played with her lovely tits. After a while we flipped over into missionary
and I upped the tempo with her frantically egging me on and I had an absolutely explosive orgasm.

After she tidied up a bit we dfkd some more before I had her sit on my face which had her once again becoming very vocal before switching to a 69er and her BBBJ skills had me drawing near once again. So a hurried transition was in order as I did her in doggy, building up in pace to another shattering orgasm.

Some more passionate kissing after the clean up and unfortunately time was up and I had to reluctantly leave. She indicated that she really enjoyed her time with me and wanted to see me again. I certainly would like to again if circumstances permit.


