Thread Title: Lisa - Chatswood area - 0411 959 530
Floor: #1
Post Time: 5th September 2013, 09:23 PM
Poster ID: Dave Licker
Post Title: 
 Lisa - Chatswood area - 0411 959 530
				
Post Content: 
Lisa was recommended to me by another punter, and I had a fantastic time with her when we played.  She's a larger girl, but is VERY passionate.  That's the one thing that still sticks in my mind.  Think "strong passionate hippie chick" and you'll get the idea.  This review remains accurate, based on the experience a couple weeks ago of a Melbourne friend I recommended see her.  His feedback to me was one line: "She was top shelf! Really great fuck!"

Note, Lisa is Pro-Am, so you need to give some leadtime to organise a booking.  She can't do incalls at the moment because of privacy, but organises a room once a fortnight or so, and is also happy to do outcalls.  Lisa's genuinely bi, and if you want she has a WG friend she plays with; or, just discuss what you're interested in.  She's very down-to-Earth.

If the description and passion interests you, I'd highly recommend her.  She certainly sorted me out on the day!  Wow.

Originally posted on TNT only.


Lisa, April 2013
~30, 5'8", ~14 F, pretty face eyes and smile.  Hairy down there.  Very intelligent, very extroverted.
Sensual but really fun.  Genuinely loves sex - quite responsive and orgasmic.  Genuinely bi.  Very accommodating.
DFK (very passionate!), BBBJ (DT) + CIMWS
$300/h, 0411 959 530

What is happening to me?  I'm having so much awesome sex this month!  Have I changed somehow?  Am I just lucky?  Am I just more relaxed, now that I don't give a rats arse about PP and what other people think, concentrating on myself instead?

When I left my long session with Lisa, I was a broken man.  Very happy, but needed a cup of tea and a long nap.  We shared such good, wholesome sex.  Lisa is the poster child for "fun".  She's actually very much like me.  We were finishing each other's sentences, and we intuitively knew how to pleasure each other.  When she started kissing my neck, she had me.  Total compliance.

It took a long time for us to hook up.  She was introduced to me by a nice PP member who has known her for years, but a series of random inconvenient events kept preventing us from meeting.  Lisa is also very much a part-time WG, so you just have to wait until she's up and at it again.

Arriving at our meeting spot, I was met by a hippie chick sort of woman, with sparkling blue eyes and a pretty, natural face and smile.  She's not a skinny thing – I don't know what BBW would be officially defined as, but Lisa's full figured.  When it came to snuggling up next to each other, though, she felt pretty damn nice next to me.  I particularly like her long, soft hair.  I was playing with it a couple times, just letting it cascade across my face.

Boy, does this girl know how to kiss.  We were at it full-on, like a couple of horny but skilled high school students.  Lisa is very compatible with my "style", being VERY passionate, giving, and trying to cover every inch.  Full-on DFK, stroking of hair, kissing of necks and shoulders.  Proper kind, loving, sensual behaviour toward each other.

Lisa took off my clothes and before I could even say "hello there" she was latched onto my now fully attentive man stake with her mouth.  Well, things certainly escalated there.  There's a bit of a blur at this point hahaha but I remember soon after deciding it was time for her to be on her back, and she was fully into that, no complaints there.  DATY was tasty, Lisa likes the taste of herself, and she is VERY orgasmic.  I was having a blast, and Lisa's face was glowing pink then red as she enjoyed orgasm after orgasm, biting the pillow and clutching the sheets, me letting her have a little rest in between just because I felt like being merciful.

After 20 minutes or so, her hands firmly on my head (which is always a good sign!), I was pulled up and after we teased each other a bit asked for mish.  I introduced Lisa to the nice condoms I have [I need to write those up – they're awesome] and proceeded to initiate the deed.  She was very receptive, felt fantastic, had two or three more shuddering orgasms while I somehow held it together on my end (I was having wayyyy to much fun nailing her bwahaha)... after which I had her close her legs, and we continued on to another shuddering strong orgasm for Lisa.  I do remember commenting that her ankles made DAMN FINE additions to my shoulders, as I kissed them.  Executive Summary: "Lisa is a good root."

I asked Lisa if she could give me a slow, sensual blowjob, saying I think she'd be very good at it, and she agreed with glee.  Lisa latched on, running her cupped fingers along me as well, letting out little moans and noises of excitement, as she tasted me occasionally  which totally turned me on.  I was telling her how great it felt, and how good it looked – and she knew it did  – until I finally felt that great wave overcome me, and several days of sexual frustration exploded into her throat.  Lisa happily continued to gently suck, as I shuddered and went dead quiet for a few minutes hahaha... she got me good, although took a moment to regain her composure  saying I almost blew the back of her head off.  Well, what can I say   I think she may have had a not so minor role to play in that?

I had so much fun with Lisa!  The kissing just blew me away with it's passion and intensity, the sex with her and seeing what I was doing to her was highly enjoyable, I got a nice blowjob  and she was very generous with her time.  We're also quite compatible in our interests, ways of thinking and sensuality.  

I've met women that have made me tingle all over when we kissed, but it's been quite some time since I was TOTALLY devoured as I was this afternoon.  That sealed it for me – she totally got me.  Before I -finally- left, I asked about organising a 3sum for my birthday in May.  Because she is so free-spirited and giving, I reckon it would be absolutely awesome.

I had a good afternoon.  Now I just want a long nap!


Floor: #2
Post Time: 22nd December 2013, 08:07 AM
Poster ID: jam4523
Post Title: 
 Lisa - Chatswood NSW - 0411 959 530
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name :Lisa

Establishment :Private Escort

Date of Visit :19th Dec 2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :

Hours of Business :10AM-12PM

Rates :250/hr

Age :30-35

Size/shape :size 8

Nationality or Ethnicity :Australian

Services Provided :BBBJ, DATY, CIM, COB, No Anal

Value for money/recommend? :NO

My experience/comments : 
I had a day off and gave Lisa a call, she sounded really nice and was very helpful in telling me what services she offered, so i made a booking for that afternoon. I was early by 5 minutes when i knocked on the door. The door opened and there was Lisa she had a big welcoming smile and had a little lace nighty on. She asked me to come in and asked me if i wanted a drink and proceeded to pour me a lemonade. A quick exchange of finances and a examination of my cock. I had a shower and came out she was lying on the bed starting to do a strip tease. Her body is ok 6/10 not really toned. She got down on her knees and started to blow me, her technique is good but a little rough with a bit of teeth work on the head and shaft. Before long i asked for a condom and it was into missionary - i was getting into it but she was disinterested i felt like i was fucking a sag of potatoes. we changed positions and i gave it to her side ways that's when she let one rip - yes she farted whilst i was pumping her. I tried to ignore it and pretend it didn't happen but soon the smell was fucking unbearable. She turns around and says " i want you to eat my pussy and lick my ass" i looked at her and didn't have the heart to turn her down so i reluctantly had some DATY. Her pussy was sour and salty at the same time like it hasn't been washed for awhile. She put her hands on my head and pushed my face into her crotch, i swear i was suffocating and gasping for air, that's when she came on my face - the taste was some of the most foulest tasting pussy juice i've ever had. we finished with her giving me a hand job and talking dirty to me and coming on her face. I had a quick shower and did the bolt, i wont be back that was a waste of money. Not recommended.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 22nd December 2013, 08:35 AM
Poster ID: jam4523
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Lisa number 0411959530


