Thread Title: Loren Aston - Sydney CBD - 0423 123 810 WASTE OF MONEY
Floor: #1
Post Time: 30th September 2018, 08:12 AM
Poster ID: aabro10
Post Title: 
 Loren Aston - Sydney CBD - 0423 123 810 WASTE OF MONEY
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Loren Aston

Establishment : Private, hotel

Date of Visit : 29 Sept 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.escortsandbabes.com.au/P...nt/lorenaston/ 
Google number as the ad expires a bit

Phone : 0432 123 810

Hours of Business : check with her, tours a lot

Rates : 400ph

Age : 30s

Size/shape : great body, cracking ass, nice medium tits (fake)

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aus White

Services Provided : NOTHING ON HER LIST OR WHAT WAS AGREED

Value for money/recommend? : ABSOLUTELY NOT, WASTE OF MONEY

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)
I have seen Lorens ad a bit as I work in regional NSW a bit and she tours a lot. Caught up with her at a hotel in Syd CBD. To start with, she is beautiful, has a great set of fake tits but not massive,  wonderful arse tight body. That's the best of it. 

Ad lists DFK, BBBJ, CIM, COF COB. Which I queried in a text and she said was on offer, none of which was actually on offer. 

No Dfk, tiny pecks and she stunk of menthol cigs, you are allowed to very gently kiss her nipples, with a slight body odour, which isn't pleasant. no sucking, no fingering, very light licking of clit allowable, and she stank down there too. only cbj no doggy allowed, only cowgirl allowed and she controls the pace. Only allowed to blow in dom. After round 1 she gave me a crap massage, emptied a whole bottle of nivea on me. Asked to start round 2, nope only allowed to fuck once. Ok, can you give me a hj happy ending then? No, but you can do it yourself and look at me? Ok so I tried that for a few mins, tried to touch her breasts at, nope not allowed. She then abruptly tells me, ok time to leave. So I shower and get out of there. 

400 bucks for about 35 mins. Never felt so ripped off in my life. She is based in Brissy, but tours a lot, particularly in regional Aus. DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME OR HARD EARNED ON THIS ONE. (Sorry for grammar, writing on phone)


Floor: #2
Post Time: 30th September 2018, 04:50 PM
Poster ID: pais0n
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
wow, sounds shit. This is probably why she needs to tour so much. Constantly need new people to rip off. This is the same with those scam artists that used to be on backpage and just move from town to town (staying in motels).


Floor: #3
Post Time: 3rd October 2018, 06:17 PM
Poster ID: Fred Vile
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks, although we like to post and brag about the great punts, these ones are very valuable as well !


