Thread Title: Lucie Bee - Sydney - 0401 389 914
Floor: #1
Post Time: 21st April 2018, 06:47 PM
Poster ID: dex
Post Title: 
 Lucie Bee - Sydney - 0401 389 914
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lucie Bee

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit :  early April 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0401 389 914, luciebeedotcom

Hours of Business : all hrs

Rates : $500 per hour (full service)

Age : mid 20's

Size/shape : tiny

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian caucasian

Services Provided : GFE/BBBJ/COF/Massage

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

Lucie Bee has a presence in the australian adult industry from webcam, cosplay to escorting and porn.  I  remember reading an "ask me anything" thread she posted on reddit also where she answered pretty much any question from anyone.

I managed to get in contact with her after seeing a couple of her ads on cracker (prior to its unfortunate demise) her pics got the right  response from my  groin region, so i thought to take the plunge.

I got in contact by phone, and Lucie thankfully is one of those people who actually answers calls and not just responds via text.  I set up  a meeting for the next day.

when I got to meet her in the flesh, first thing I noticed (hard not actually) was how tiny she is.  Probably 5ft not very much, without heels,and a waist so narrow, I could almost circle with my hands, i say almost because I probably have trump-like hands  

Anyway she and I had a few common interests so e spent a few mins chatting about gaming and the like before gettingdown to business

Lucie offers GFE so shes ok with kissing, bbbj.  I returned the favour and she can get pretty wet and really into it if you hit the right spots! 

Shes pretty energetic, so I got the full cowgirl bouncing up and down hard on my lap, before turning her round and taking  her doggy style where she proceeded to really thrust back against me as I was trying to pound into her.  It got a bit out of whack when we didnt get the timing right, but made for lot of  sweaty sex from both of  us...

I asked for COF and she obliged, taking a nice facial in the process. 

We finished off having  quick shower together and I got  quick massge before heading off home.

All in all a fun experience, will be trying again and can recommend for those who re  looking for the geek girl/Pixie-waif type experience!


Floor: #2
Post Time: 21st April 2018, 11:21 PM
Poster ID: hard
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks for the report dex! I've long looked at Lucie Bee... even bumped into her in the flesh once in the city... in company with heavy minders! She is seriously hot but a bit out of my regular spend unfortunately.

Maybe one day ... 

thanks


Floor: #3
Post Time: 21st April 2018, 11:44 PM
Poster ID: dex
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hey Hard,

No probs!  I'll look into a follow up hopefully in the next few weeks. fingers and toes crossed!


Floor: #4
Post Time: 4th May 2018, 09:34 AM
Poster ID: Stevegem
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
A trip down memory lane for some of you. Lucy used to work at the now ceased Chrisindys, a massage place in Canberra. This was around 2010-11 thereabouts give or take a year.

She would have been 18 or 19 but was very worldly in looking after cock even then. Luckily got to see her a couple of times.

She has done a naughty fake Taki video, with the pommie sounding bloke with a huge cock.

If you want to treat yourself to a spunky little sex machine she would be the one.

Will try and get hold of her one of these days now she is an established porn/web star. $500 / hr is a bargain with those credentials.


