Thread Title: Lucy - Mascot - 0405 833 316
Floor: #1
Post Time: 14th May 2020, 07:26 PM
Poster ID: curvedaznsword
Post Title: 
 Lucy - Mascot - 0405 833 316
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lucy but photo is not her and she's from China.

Establishment : Private apartment

Date of Visit : 10th May 2020

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://sydney.locanto.com.au/ID_435...BIG-BUMxx.html

Phone : 0405 833 316

Hours of Business : Til late (I came in at 11pm)

Rates : $130 half hour

Age : late 40s

Size/shape : slim long black hair, shave but saggy b cup. Like half inflated balloons..

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Massage, CBJ, CFS

Value for money/recommend? :  YMMV

My experience/comments : Happy Mothers day!
Not sure how everyone is going but I needed some release. Been eying this place for awhile now but didn't have any excuse to travel up here (Mascot) until now. There were two decision, here and auburn but decided Mascot cause the one at Auburn close at 11pm.

Anyway, i texted the number cause I know these photos weren't real and they sent me back a different photo from the ad. Tempted I arranged a booking.
The apartment was easy to find and parking was easy at night but during the day it could be difficult. 1hour Street parking.
Just before I arrived, the door was already open. So I walked in, the apartment was clean and dark. I notice they sent up at Tent in the living room. Yes, you heard me a tent in the living room. With a dim yellow light at the background, as a result I can see the silhouette of other WL's. I think this is where they sleep and hang out while the bed is in used?
I was shown to the bedroom where it was much brighter and looked at the Lucky for the first time. First impression she didn't look at all the photo that was texted me, she wore red lingerie, slim body, saggy breast.
Financial was done, she took a photo of the money. I guess to show her mamasan or papa that it was paid?
Showered was offered, bathroom was clean however I didn't know this until after the deed was done but the Bathroom has two door access. One from the bedroom and one from the Kitchen. I left my clothes, phone and wallet in the bathroom thinking there's only one entry.

Massage was straight forward, nothing memorable. Back press, finger stretching. No ball play ☹

Flip over for CBJ, she wiped my cock down using baby wipes then she wiped the condom before putting on. Due to the coronavirus I thought BJ wouldn't happen but it happened anyway and it was much better. She put in a lot of effort, lots of sucking and licking! Then came in ball play with her fingers. Maybe I was horny but I held her head and face fucked her for few minutes before we switched to doggy. This is the only position she wants to do, nothing else. I guess she doesn't want face to face type position? I didn't last long. She put a lot of pressure on my cock, few thrust then I came. She giggled, I showered, went home..

WIR? Maybe a different girl. When I was on my way out, another WL opened the door for me to leave, she was much cuter and attractive! I didn't her name though...


