Thread Title: Lulu - sydney cbd - 0434 276 069
Floor: #1
Post Time: 27th January 2018, 09:25 AM
Poster ID: justdane
Post Title: 
 Lulu - sydney cbd - 0434 276 069
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : lulu

Establishment : private(shop)

Date of Visit : first tuesday in dec 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : $100/30 min???????Real photo only!?????????GFE Kinky HOT GIRL in CITY????????????????? $100 - Sydney escorts - cracker.com.au

Hours of Business : 

Rates : i took 20 min 80 dollar

Age : late 20's?

Size/shape : 10 big frame for an asian woman

Nationality or Ethnicity : said taiwanese

Services Provided : cathbath, cbj, fs

Value for money/recommend? : 50/50

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

The ad is fake. They might change the pict and the name every few weeks. By the time i made the punt she goes with the name lulu and now she is bella.
They operate from regency hyde park, lower level. Entrance is through secured gate on elizabeth street. Its probably a serviced apartment. 2 bedrooms. And more than 1 girl working in that place cause i saw another girl in the living area sitting on a sofa and playing with her phone. But didnt see her face. They set up the place pretty dark.
I kind knew it would be a fake ad. Thats why i chose the 20 min option for 80 dollars( they had that option back then).
The girl that i got was nowhere near the girl that was in pict. But she looked ok so i went inside anyway. She is tallish for an asian. Pretty nice and smooth skin. Maybe a b cup with pink nipples. Tatoo under belly button. She has this gap on her front teeth that immediately take your attention whenever she opens her mouth.

The service is pretty standart. A mandatory cath bath. Cbj. Condom in and sex. I asked if i can do daty she said ok. But when my head was going south i could smell something so i changed my mind. Overall its just a standard pun
Oya worth to mention, she didnt give me my 20 dollars change, not until i asked for it before i left. Looks like she intended to do so. And i didnt have the intention to give any tips for the standard service that i got.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 3rd February 2018, 02:48 AM
Poster ID: jackbrown
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks for the review👍 was looking into the ad...


