Thread Title: Macarena - Sydney CBD - 0449 693 548
Floor: #1
Post Time: 1st June 2017, 10:44 PM
Poster ID: hotel999
Post Title: 
 Macarena - Sydney CBD - 0449 693 548
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Macarena

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : Late May 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0449 693 548

Hours of Business : Day / Evening

Rates : $300 / 30  $400 / 1hr

Age : 24

Size/shape : Slim with Enhanced E

Nationality or Ethnicity : Spanish

Services Provided : Sex, Kissing, BBBJ  & CIM

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

NEW !! ????SEXY and HOTTEST !!! Spanish Busty Escort ???? - Sydney escorts - cracker.com.au

My experience/comments : Caught up with this lady earlier on this week. Pictures are 100% real and she is really genuine. She was working out of a Hotel close to the corner of Oxford & College St. Took the 30 min option and upgraded to BBBJ and CIM. She was charging $250 for 30 mins however I noticed she has now increased it to $300. She is easy to get on with and has an absolutely banging body. Good kissing and had sex in a few positions. Her tits are huge compared to her body and really firm. Great oral and the finishing CIM was great. Went to Spain but forgot to do Spanish....!

She did mention that she is heading back to Spain after this weekend.

Overall 8/10


Floor: #2
Post Time: 2nd June 2017, 03:04 AM
Poster ID: 100dohlaa
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
wow ...she looks amazing


Floor: #3
Post Time: 2nd June 2017, 07:18 AM
Poster ID: maxwell
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"Favorite Gift: Jewellry and perfume". Haha. Are we punters gifting these things now?


Floor: #4
Post Time: 2nd June 2017, 12:04 PM
Poster ID: bigdickmalone
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Only gift I give are pearl necklaces


Floor: #5
Post Time: 12th June 2017, 08:53 AM
Poster ID: debonaire
Post Title: 
 Macarena - Sydney - 0449 693 548
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Macarena

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 21 May 2017

Contact Details: 0449 693 548

Hours of Business : Anytime

Rates : $250 half hour

Age : 27

Size/shape : Slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Spanish

Services Provided : CBJ with Full Service

Value for money/recommend? : No/Maybe?

My experience/comments : 

Saw a post in the cracker classifieds with some very tempting photo's of a young Spanish thing with model like looks and a nice set of DD's, at $250 for the half hour this girl looked like a bargain given her looks and definitely had me keen, despite the inner skeptic telling me that she probably doesn't look anything like the photos I went ahead to call and make a booking for a Sunday night. On the phone I could tell from the accent that she was indeed Spanish so at least ticked off that part of the add and as a result I was shortly on my way to meet her at her serviced apartment in the city.

The apartment she was working from was the Meriton serviced apartments and it is which is one of those apartments where lift access is restricted so I had to awkwardly wait for her to come downstairs and pick me up. When she did come down and popped her head out of one of the lifts I was grateful to see that her photos were genuine and I can confirm that she is definitely the person on her adds (sorry but I couldn't find a link to her adds to post above) and that she is proper hot. Unfortunately for me that's where the good news kind ended.

We got into her room which was a mess (never a good sign) she walked over to get some music playing and didn't really make too much of an effort around initial pleasantries or conversation. Her English is decent enough so it wasn't a language barrier thing. After she got some music playing we undressed and I guided her over to the bed where she proceeded to give me a CBJ, technique wasn't great and was a dead giveaway for how the rest of the punt would go. Her service was fairly robotic and after a short while she jumped on top and proceeded to ride me without much enthusiasm until I flipped her over for some missionary. This is where I got the full starfish experience so didn't bother with this position for long and got her onto her hands and knees to finish in doggy. Ironically enough when it was all said and done she asked me if I had been to Europe before and we had a conversation about Spain, I also dropped a bit of my basic Spanish and she seemed to warm up a bit with her demeanor changing (I know I probably should have tried harder at the beginning of the punt lol), even thought it was a half hour booking she actually offered to give me a BBJ to see me off to which I accepted, technique was still bang average despite her being a more enthusiastic mood. Left with a nice kiss but in the end it was a little too late to salvage what for the most part was a pretty bad punt. Not sure if on a second visit she will be better and if I'll be back.


