Thread Title: Macey Blaze - Blacktown - 0426 363 242
Floor: #1
Post Time: 7th July 2019, 04:05 AM
Poster ID: Throwaway3391
Post Title: 
 Macey Blaze - Blacktown - 0426 363 242
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Macey

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 14/05/19

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 

Phone : 0426363242 

Hours of Business : 12pm til late

Rates : 150 15 mins / 200 30 mins / 250 45 mins / 300 60 mins 

Age : Mature 34+

Size/shape : BBW

Nationality or Ethnicity : Caucasian

Services Provided : Full Service / BBBJ

Value for money/recommend? : Definitely 

My experience/comments : 
Arrived at her private place and got let in she greeted me from behind the door. She was curvy very curvy... Her place was definitely not that clean, got lead to the shower and there clearly wasn't any effort in it as it was pretty dirty without going into detail. 
After the shower she led me into a room which was definitely better kept than the rest of the apartment and proceeded to jerk me off after getting me nice and hard she spat on my cock and unhooked her bra she has HUGE tits H cup she says she proceeded to put some oil on them and put my cock between them sliding them up and down while looking at me with these fuck me eyes. She did this for a while before she got up and took off her panties she took them off by bending over in right of me showing me a full view of her pussy and i could see she was already wet... she rocked her hips side to side and then backed up her big ass onto my cock sliding up and down then lifting over and turning she did a little dance and twerked before i couldn't handle it anymore and asked her to suck my cock. 

She smirked and got down on her knees and took my cock in her hands she looked at me and asked if i wanted a condom i declined she proceeded to take me into her mouth she gave an average bbbj but i couldn't complain the view of her tits was worth it to me she blew me and moved her tits to give me a tit job while sucking me off before i said i wanted to fuck her. 

She grabbed a condom put it on with her mouth then proceeded to get up and turn around showing me her big ass again we were on the side of the bed so she slide me in and started to bounce and grind on my cock while i groped her big ass this went on for a couple of minutes before i said i wanted to see her tits bouncing in front of me she obliged and got off, i laid down on the bed and she got on top of me huge tits in my face i couldn't resist and grabbed them sucking on them like a child would.. she grinded on me moaning as she grinded away... i could feel how wet she and it made me rock hard she got feel it and smiled at me asking me if i was enjoying myself. 

I said i was. I rolled her over and got on top of her spreading her legs and plunging my cock into her pounding away watching these huge tits swaying in front of me... they were amazing natural tits... i looked at her and told her i wanted to cum on them and she said she looked forward to it. I pounded at her pussy until i could feel myself building up i told her i was cumming and jumped off taking the condom off and she got up and positioned her tits in front of me sticking her tongue out... i couldn't take it and blew my load on her tits. I got some cum in her mouth which she proceeded to swallow as well as licking up the rest of the load on her tits.
I laid on the bed exhausted... she got a towel wiped herself off and cuddled next to me for a bit before i got up and took my leave.

Macey was definitely a memorable fuck but the place was pretty off putting she said it was because her roommate was dirty but i'm unsure the place definitely was the downside she was amazing though.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 7th July 2019, 04:06 AM
Poster ID: Throwaway3391
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Oh i forgot to mention that she does have a hanging tummy probably from kids. 
That may be off putting for some but i barely noticed it as i was too busy looking at her beautiful tits and ass


Floor: #3
Post Time: 7th July 2019, 11:21 AM
Poster ID: aabro10
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Made an enquiry with her a while ago, she was pretty strict on no bbbj, cbj only, no cim, no cof. Her ad doesn't list bbbj or mutual natural oral either

https://www.escortsandbabes.com.au/P.../maceyblaze99/


