Floor: #1
Post Time: 31st March 2019, 03:49 PM
Poster ID: Davidw2
Post Title: 
 Madame Petite - Chatswood / Parramatta - 0478 131 761
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Madame Petite

Establishment : Independent

Date of Visit : March 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.escortsandbabes.com.au/P.../MadamePetite/

Phone : 0478131761

Hours of Business : varies see advert (not reliable)

Rates : $250+

Age : mid 20's

Size/shape : cuddly, size 10, tits E, photos genuine

Nationality or Ethnicity : Mauritius born Australia 

Services Provided : BBBJ, DATY, 69, DFK, GFE

Value for money/recommend? : Yes if you can get to see her

My experience/comments : I saw her in Chatswood, easy location near station, a little bit tricky getting into apartment (security concierge downstairs) but worked out ok and she provides good instructions /process. Dark (African heritage) speaks good English as has grown up here, really friendly and makes you feel like a girlfriend from when you meet her. Apartment / shower clean / good music etc. After shower she greets me with cuddles and kisses - this girl really does provide DFK and seems to enjoy it - and onto bed. More kissing and then onto her big tits - suckable and sensitive nipples. Lots of GFE type touching and I settled down for some DATY - great shaved pussy which tasted great and she certainly seemed to get excited as well -  more great taste. On coming up for air we had more kissing and then she started BBBJ. She has great sucking skills and takes your cock in deep and its pretty hard not to come quickly. She slowed down and asked if we wanted to fuck and I opted for turning her around for 69 first (and last!!!) as once I had her wet pussy on my face and her working at the other end it did not take long before I came strongly.
Recommendation: If you don't mind the run around she is great GFE experience.  However she is not good at answering phone  / text / keeping appointments and on one occasion I got  text from one of her friends offering to see me so beware.


