Thread Title: Maddison Mae - Sydney CBD -  0415 754 586
Floor: #1
Post Time: 20th April 2017, 09:56 PM
Poster ID: Dave Weldon
Post Title: 
 Maddison Mae - Sydney CBD -  0415 754 586
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Maddison Mae

Establishment : Independent

Date of Visit : 18 April 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://scarletblue.com.au/escort/maddison-mae

Hours of Business : 8am-11pm, Mon-Sun

Rates : $500 per 1hr; $700 for 1.5hrs

Age : 30

Size/shape : Very fit, petite, small boobed

Nationality or Ethnicity : Canadian

Services Provided : GFE

Value for money/recommend? : Okay; probably won't go back

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

This is a hard review to write: Maddison was not bad, nor was she great. Another complication is that I lost my erection towards the end of the session, and didn't actually cum! Anyway, here we go:

Maddison Mae is a lovely looking 30 yr old, who caught my eye on Scarlet Blue with some great pics of her extremely fit, toned body. I'm also a sucker (in both senses of the word) for small-boobed women.

I arranged a date with her at a Sydney CBD hotel in the mid-arvo. As usual, I was nervous as hell - sorry, can't help it!! I met her at the lifts, and she came across as a very down to earth, as well as bloody beautiful, young woman. Her hair is cut short, which I really liked. Once in her room, we had a chat (very calming for me), I paid the cash (for 90mins), and then into the shower. I came out to find her stretched out on the bed in her lingerie. She is very gym-toned, everything firm and lovely to touch and lick. 

The bra came off quickly, exposing lovely nipples that turned out to be very responsive to sucking and licking. She appreciates the gentle approach, and likes DFK, a big turn on for me. I sometimes find foreplay is the best part of sex, and this session turned out to be like that. We had a lovely, gentle time, and she came fairly quickly, mostly by nipple-work, although I have to admit I don't know if she was faking it.

Now, the panties came off. But doubts came into my mind about Maddison at this point. Every now and then, I'd notice that her eyes were turned inward, as if she was thinking of what she'd like to have for dinner, or maybe whether she'd have time to get to the next yoga class (she's a yoga teacher). I suppose what I'm saying is, she wasn't really into it. Chemistry is a mysterious thing, but I felt she was a bit off-hand in her approach. 

Anyway, I had a nice time fucking her in various positions, and her bareback BJ was very much appreciated. I went down on her at one point, but she's extremely sensitive there, and I gave up after she jumped when I licked her clit too forcibly. 

Fucking her from behind was a particular joy. Her arse and back are just gorgeous.  

Doggy usually does it for me, and in that position I was edging back and forth from cumming, wanting to last the distance. I loved the way she cupped my balls with an oiled hand as they swung back and forth. But I overdid the edging, and my cock said "No more", and drooped. (Has anyone else had that experience?) Despite her best efforts with a BJ, she could not revive me, and we spent the last 15mins cuddled together chatting. Not a bad outcome, actually!

Maddison is lovely lady, but for $700 I was expecting more. For me, really good sex is when you forget who you are, because you are totally involved with the lady, and she with me. I never had that feeling with her, although I enjoyed myself.

I wonder if it's significant that she only has 1 review on Scarlet Blue, and that one is nearly 2 years old?

Footnote: I like to text a WL afterwards to thank her. I quickly get nice, simple responses - e.g. "you're welcome", "my pleasure" etc. I did the same for Maddison, but I'm still waiting for her reply; somehow I don't think I'll get it!


