Thread Title: Maddison - Sydney (CBD) - 0455 371 582
Floor: #1
Post Time: 11th February 2014, 08:06 PM
Poster ID: b.b
Post Title: 
 Maddison - Sydney (CBD) - 0455 371 582
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Maddison

Establishment : Private Locanto

Date of Visit : January 2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0455371582

Hours of Business : Unknown

Rates : FS $300 Massage: $200

Age : 33

Size/shape : Short 8-10

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : Full service, CBJ & Massage

Value for money/recommend? : No/no

My experience/comments : Booked Maddison sight unseen and without recommendation straight out of a Locanto ad. Not sure why I would do that, but I did. Felt like some good old Aussie company and massage & maybe FS. Maddison's ad was the right price right service and just felt right. Gave her a call and confirmed she would be at my place within the hour. I did all the usual stuff, cleaned up, showered and sat back and relaxed. Maddison gave me updates as to her arrival and was very professional. There was a short delay, but she kept me informed via SMS which was fine.

Maddison is short, pocket rocket, slim with decent C+ boobs and quite nice to look at. Exactly as advertised with long dark hair and nice blue eyes. She is early 30's and very friendly..... We had a chat which consisted mostly of her personal situation and I made the move in order to change the subject .. she was happy to just get the gear off and jump into giving me a massage. My attempts at kissing and foreplay of sorts was unrequited.

Massage was not bad ..... not great either, definitely lacked any sensuality which was a bit of a turn off for me. On the flip she ventured around the nether region, again never actually touching the old fella and definitely without any sensual. Asked about BBBJ, no chance. FS was OK, but covered of course ... I wasn't in the mood.

Asked her if I could dine at the Y in an attempt to salvage this session and she rolled over as quickly as she could and lay back like a star fish. No response, no joy from her, no fun for me. I asked her to finish me off and she did so somewhat badly and I needed to get her to stop being too rough, but I still exploded and felt good.

She handed me the strategically placed tissue box, cleaned herself up got dressed and left pretty much straight away.

$220 for a visiting ordinary massage without sensuality is not something I will go back for.


