Thread Title: Maddie - Blacktown - 0488 465 916
Floor: #1
Post Time: 12th February 2016, 04:36 PM
Poster ID: james31
Post Title: 
 Maddie - Blacktown - 0488 465 916
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Maddie ( this only comes in an email )

Establishment :  Private House Blacktown

Date of Visit : 12/2/16

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : http://nsw.locanto.com.au/ID_6579111...-for-hire.html

Hours of Business : 9am till 7ish

Rates : 250 hr

Age : 30

Size/shape : Odd shape, the photo's are kind to her but accurate. She is a pear shape smallish tits with nice nipples but large bottom end somewhere between a size 14 and 16 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : FS, DATY and lots of finger fucking

Value for money/recommend? : Okish

My experience/comments : First I will post the content of the ad on Locanto in case the link does not work.

Feeling bored and naughty and in need of someone to come play with me !!


 you should come play with me for an hour or two I'm very sexy and attentive and I love to please and be pleasured,
 Im always in the mood to be played with touched Mmm and i  loved to be licked, I'm sure you will love the taste of me. 
 I like you watching me as you slide your  fingers one at a time  into my incredibly sexy very wet tight pussy mnm. Would you like that ? 
 You should send me a message,  tell  me how much you want to play with me. It starts to get me excited,
 Maybe you have a fantasy, or want me to dress a certain way for you, 
 I want to please you, to excite you..
 Mmm do you want to take me for a drive and play with me till i  cum.....  I know i want you to.........

 My reward is $250 an hour... 

 I Look forward to hearing from you soon xx

 P.S ...
 My reward is not negotable so please dont waste my time or yours, 


Ok so Maddie's ad gives no contact details so you have to do the contact via Locanto which is a pain in the bum, she eventually shared her number with me after some to and fro on Locanto, I won't share it here you have to contact her first through her ad.

Maddie lives in a kind of granny flat on the side of a house, it is a bit shambolic inside and all the action happened on the lounge in the downstairs kitchen lounge, we never made the bedroom upstairs so I don't know if this is her normal mode of operation.  Just a quick note to my fellow punters if you do venture over after you receive the obligatory text instructions don't hang around like a shag on a rock trying to open the side gate, use the string hanging down to pull the lock up and then you are in a private courtyard/pool area and away from the street.

Anyway this was one of the odder punts I have had, Maddie is quite a nice girl and seems quite intelligent and can carry a conversation.  She had me sit on the lounge and she sat next to me and she wanted to chat while we had a drink , this went on for a good 15 minutes which was OK with me because I was not in a hurry but can be off putting if you have things to do.  After a while she started rubbing lotion on her legs and suggested that I help her and so in a short time I had slid my hand all the way up her skirt and started rubbing her pussy through her panties and she just leant back and started moaning.  Now at this point in time no money had changed hands nor was their any discussion of a fee or services to be rendered but hey she seemed to be enjoying herself so I just went with the flow, it was a turn on to be stroking her pussy on the lounge as if it was some chick you had picked up at a bar and had gone back to her place.

Anyway I quickly slid my fingers under her panties and started rubbing her clit and she just lay back and moaned more so I pulled her panties off ( her hips are quite a bit larger than I personally like and she was pretty rippled and bumpy underneath ), this quickly followed with me slipping in one then two fingers in her wet pussy and while I am still clothed I got on my knees and went down on her and this led to one of the longest finger fucking episodes I have had with a WL, I alternated between rubbing her clit, sucking her clit, finger fucking her with 2 and 3 fingers and then sliding a finger deep into her arse which she took quite happily followed by a finger up her arse and another in her pussy and finger fucking like crazy.
I asked if she was a squirter since she was showing all the sure signs of it her eyelids were heavy and her eyes were glassy she said I would have to find out so I finger fucked like crazy rubbing her spongy g spot and alternating with her clit trying to get her to cum and all the while she just lay back and moaned and moaned and moaned louder and louder and louder.  She was as wet as but I could not get the squirt I was after, I quickly removed my clothes for fear of being drenched and this was the first sign of things going awry. I told her I need some attention and she said uh uh you need to trim next time ?!  WTF  I always manscape before a session but don't trim too much so she refused to take my cock in her mouth...

So I sat next to her and resumed rubbing her pussy and she lay on me and put her leg up and started rubbing her clit while I finger fucked her to the point of almost fisting, all the while she had her head back and her mouth open just like her pic shows and it she looks just primed to take a big cum dump, I tried to kiss her and she avoided me , after the lack of a BJ covered or not and no kissing I really was starting to lose interest.  I thought to myself what do I do, bail now or will I go with the flow and maybe in time she will loosen up so I went for the latter, so I finger fucked for my life while she rub her clit and eventually she came with a big shuddering boom but alas no squirt.   By now she was drenched in sweat so we sat and cooled for a while ( there is no air con here just some do dodgy fans ) and we chatted , I asked about the kissing and she said never because it is too intimate and asked her about the BJ and CIM and she said only after she gets to know me which I was OK with sort of.  I told her I needed release so she popped on a rubber and we tried some cowgirl without success, she is a bit large and so I fucked her doggie style and I pounded her pretty hard, I didn't ask about fucking her arse, I am sure she will since she readily took my finger all the way without complaint so maybe another time.

At the end of it all I cleaned up myself, had to dispose of the bag by myself in a bin in the bathroom and had a quick shower in the very ordinary granny flat afterthought bathroom.

It wasn't until I was dressed and ready to go did I pass the reward and she just wanted the $250 as advertised, so maybe in time with some BBBJ and Anal she will be good value.

I may go back, I am not sure. it was satisfying on one level and disappointing on another so I guess it depends on what your looking for in a punt.

I will be interested to hear of other punters experiences.

By the way she claims that she only tends to see one customer a day because she thinks getting 250 a day is great pay...

P.S. she says she is trained in massage and her landlady who lives next door thinks she is a masseuse but let me tell you there is no way anybody would mistake the really loud moaning for a masseuse so I suspect she turns a blind eye.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 12th February 2016, 11:12 PM
Poster ID: maxwell
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Nice find James. Size 14 to 16 is out of my range though. 

I'm sure there has to be similar providers in the area


Floor: #3
Post Time: 14th February 2016, 01:45 PM
Poster ID: james31
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I agree Maxwell, ordinarily out of my size range as well however the size is a little misleading, she is large in the hips and narrow at the top so quite a pear shape, so her hips belong to someone of a size 14 to 16 size but her stomach and tits belong to someone smaller so whilst she has a tummy it is not like a typical larger lady.

I have my eyes on a WL advertising out of Blacktown who is quite slim and young similar to Eve in Parramatta but she is expensive, I am hoping she will be my next punt but the success ratio out west is quite poor so I am not holding the highest of hopes...


Floor: #4
Post Time: 15th March 2016, 04:19 PM
Poster ID: unclepj
Post Title: 
 Maddi - Blacktown - 0488 465 916
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Maddi

Establishment : Private Blacktown

Date of Visit : 16/3/16

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : http://nsw.locanto.com.au/ID_6579111...-for-hire.html

Hours of Business : Ring

Rates : 180/30 250/60

Age : 30 Ha Ha Ha over 40

Size/shape : 10 b boobs that flap saggy belly

Nationality or Ethnicity : Cauc

Services Provided : Supposed FS

Value for money/recommend? : I think not!

My experience/comments : Biggest mistake to make doing this is to go to an un-reviewed WL.
I know they call it punting for a reason
Arranged for 60 mins quite easily then changed the booking forward. 
She booked another customer behind me so mine was cut to 30. There is a GOD
Arrived and should have taken my first impression of the place. Dodgy Granny flat in Blacktown. What do you expect
Maddi is reasonably pretty and she has a good sense of humor. It masked the smell a little.
Expected us to get to it on the downstairs lounge in her flat. Smaller than a single bed. Asked if she had a bed upstairs so we made our way up.
If you have ever been in a submarine then you will know what the stairs are like. So steep
Anyway the bed is a single and she wants to lay down and get sexy first but that fades
Do you Kiss? NO! not on the face or lips
Can I kiss your boobs? Yeah sure. Squeeze her nipple out and start to kiss it when the smell hit. Damp perspiration. How whiffy is she
First thing she had asked me was to shower so why cant WL's do the same thing
That took of some gloss. She was rich

Do you BBJ or CBJ. Neither really unless you are trimmed. I don't rub my hair over your face so you dont do that to me.
Oh FUCK!
Then Dom me up and make me hard so I can fuck you. You don't mince your words Maddi says

Thats a failure so I just get up and get dressed time to go
25 mins of crap.

She is a nice enough lady and if she didn't smell, had a better bed, gave some head job, didn't talk so much and had a better belly she might be OK
Sort of like the next door neighbor

Cest Le Vie. Buyer beware


Floor: #5
Post Time: 15th March 2016, 11:05 PM
Poster ID: chimera
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
There is review of this one somewhere which was rather awkward punter experience.I contacted her asked for oral while she played with herself messages went downhill when said only she gets off not punter...

Keep at it unclepj


Floor: #6
Post Time: 16th March 2016, 11:41 AM
Poster ID: james31
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Ah unclepj, you should have read my review.  There were warning bells all over it but I didn't want to put someone off totally in case my dud experience was just the two of us not clicking.  
Sounds like you ended up with the same dud experience.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 16th March 2016, 02:13 PM
Poster ID: unclepj
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Sounds like you ended up with the same dud experience.[/QUOTE]

Total Dud
I didn't see your review otherwise I could have saved some cash


