Thread Title: Madellyn - Surry Hills - 0404 611 061
Floor: #1
Post Time: 9th May 2012, 10:34 PM
Poster ID: pa55
Post Title: 
 Madellyn - Surry Hills - 0404 611 061
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Madellyn

Establishment: Private unit she shares with other WLs (NOT A BROTHEL)

Contact Details/Address: Surry Hills near Forveaux Street

Hours of Business: 10. a.m.-6.p.m. everyday except satuday

Prices: $120 for half an hour; $150 for three quarters of an hour; $200 for the hour 

Age: 50s

Size/shape: Small in height, curvy MILF

Nationality or Ethnicity: Australian

Services: BBBJ, FS, COB

Value for money/recommend?: Yes

My experience/comments: Making an appointment with her can be difficult at times due to the fact that she shares her place with other WLs such as Bianncca and another one who is in her 70s. This makes her consultation periods limited to Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays. Despite this, when I visited her she appologised and informed me of her current situation (sickness from flus and the eviction of roudy neighbours). Apart from that she is a very kind and open person. She told me more about herself and was very open to suggestions from me even though I prefer her to take control. She is very kind and started with passionate kissing before giving me a good bbbj. She then put the dom on and rode me with her on top. We often alternated to positions on the side as well as me on top and doggy. She is very affectionate and offers a lot of kissing. She is definitely open to friendly banter and suggestions from her clients where she even offered me a footjob (I am probably the first for her). She even told me that she finds anal taboo because of the pain assosciated and the health reasons assosciated. The same also goes for unprotected vaginal services. She is very patient and takes her time with clients even acknowleding guys who have problems cumming. She is very honest as she gave me back $20 when I accidentally gave her more money than what was expected.
She even told me about her past as a 14 year old runaway and how she became the person that she is. She is definitely opinionated with regards to Australian politics and very charismatic. I would love to goback to see her one day as well maybe double up with her colleagues.




 Attached Images


Floor: #2
Post Time: 7th November 2012, 11:47 PM
Poster ID: parra99
Post Title: 
 Madellyn ph 0404611061
				
Post Content: 
Here's the Cracker ad:

Busty mature blonde, in lingerie, excellent oral skills

My name is Madellyn I'm extremely passionate mature woman with a raw sex appeal (and I'm not afraid to use it), I love to kiiss and cuddle. small all over teasing kisses, or long deep passionate ones. 
I've been told my oral skills are above average as I like to take my time using my lips and tongue to full satisfaction, and of course if you want me to lie back while you explore my body, you will find me very, very responsive. 
am attractive mature woman with a lovely face and a firm size 12 figure, my breasts are large 40 dbl/D and naturally firm, and I have a beautiful rounded arse. 
I have lots of different outfits although I usually wear lingerie with suspenders and heels. 

If you are looking for a sensuous,unrushed interlude with a warm and friendly woman. come and see me in my Surry Hills lovr nest. 



If doubles are your desire I can invite a friend 

$120 for half an hour 
$150 for three quarters of an hour 
$200 for the hour 


sex 
french 
kissing and cuddling 



Available Monday, Wednesday, Friday, Sunday 
10. a.m.-6.p.m. 

Have been looking at this ad for several weeks and took the plunge today and called up....she sounded good on the phone and I turned up at the address on South Dowling St....Madellyn is quite tiny, about 5' I would say, but killer shoes brought her up to kissable height.....she's about mid 50s pleasent face but not a glamour by any means....nice shapely body, bum and legs and large natural boobs a little saggy but they feel great.

She rents a room on the ground floor in a boarding house that was warm and cosy with a small ensuite bathroom (good hot water, pump soap and clean towel so all good).

She should get an award for truth in advertising because her ad says what she's like and what she does and she delivers exactly what the ad says....I found her very friendly and I was at ease with her straight away and were soon laughing and joking around.

As I said her ad says it all nice DFK great BBBJ with lots of ball sucking and licking plus an exceptionally tight pussy - she had a lovely orgasm whist I was DATY - I think she loves sucking cock as she kept going back to it without any hints from me and it was so good I just let her go for it.

It's always good when you click with a wl ....this was an excellent punt and I will return to see her again or maybe to check out her roommate Bianca (also has an ad on Cracker - you can tell it's the same room by the bedspread) who works Tuesday,Thursday and Saturday....these older ladies are the best!.......parra99


Floor: #3
Post Time: 14th August 2013, 05:07 PM
Poster ID: SeaRay
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
MADELLYN 0404611061    Monday, Wednesday & Sunday
BIANCA 040356600         Tuesday, Thursday & Saturday
These two M.I.L.F's share a bedsitter on South Dowling Street just up the road from the Antique Centre, As Mrs SeaRay is away, I was trying to shag Angela the Fatty in Balmain who I finally spoke to yesterday but I can not understand why she says she will be available today and won't answer her phone so I rang Madellyn and fucked her in her neat little bedsitter that she shares with Bianca another MILF who both used to work for Amanda in her South Dowling Street Brothel years ago.
Madellyn is every thing that "parra99" detailed except she is a little older than posted which was ok as she is my age. Overall quite a good G.F.E. and we had a good chat, her service was including a good BBJ and she does NOT do Anal but if her bladder was full she could have provided a Golden Shower if I gave her notice, although her Pussy (which is tight) has blonde Hair.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 9th October 2013, 05:15 PM
Poster ID: Seeking BBW
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
What's Angela the fatty in balmain number plz?


Floor: #5
Post Time: 9th October 2013, 05:38 PM
Poster ID: WOTAN01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by Seeking BBW


What's Angela the fatty in balmain number plz
"""



Use the Advanced Search funtion at the top of the page http://auxxxreviews.com/forum/search.php and search for her. I should find her if she is mentioned here and should have contact details in the Review.

Wotan010


