Thread Title: Madison - Sydney (CBD) - 0431 107 225
Floor: #1
Post Time: 3rd February 2010, 10:41 AM
Poster ID: Hohnerboy
Post Title: 
 Madison - Sydney (CBD) - 0431 107 225
				
Post Content: 
Madison madisonchristenson09@gmail.com 0431 107 225

    Madison

    Contact details: madisonchristenson09@gmail.com 0431 107 225
    $400 incall, $350 outcall

    Just to clear it up for those wondering if there is Heaven and Hell, the answer is a definite yes!
    1. There is a god to have created such beauty, shame I am unlikely to get to heaven to see more of it!
    2. There is a devil for allowing me the opportunity to have hot sex with someone less than half my age, hope there are some hotties in hell!

    I met Madison a week or two ago at a social drinks night organized by those nice folk over at SDU (hope we here at auxxxreviews.com can return the favour sometime). There was something about her that caught my eye, and I had to try hard not to keep staring and looking like a psycho stalker. The drooling and dragging of my jaw along the ground is so not a good look. She seemed a little uncomfortable at times, prob cos she hadn't met anyone before, but what little conversation we had made me want to spend more time with her.
    Solution? Simple, just sell all my last worldly goods on ebay, break open the kids piggy banks, extend my overdraft and flog of a kidney then make a booking.

    How to describe her?
    Early 20's, student, tall 5'8, size 8-10, Eastern Euro/Aussie looks, short blonde hair, b cups with cute as nipples, shaved down below, one of the sweetest tasting pussies I have tasted in a long while, pierced belly button. Someone said that she reminded them of Paris Hilton, but I beg to differ. For me there was a resemblance of a young Demi Moore with a bit of Uma Thurman mixed in, a strong jaw, sexy eyes and a wicked grin. I got the feeling she might have done a bit of sport before or spent some time in the gym, since there was a inner strength about her, something revealed when she threw me to the bed and went down on me

    The booking was in a serviced apartment in the city, one used by a few WL's, and as I was knocking on the door I thought it looked familiar, and lo, I remembered that I had seen Cameron Taylor here a year or so ago. The place is clean and tidy, the only drawback was that whoever was renting the room out had booked the ladies in pretty closely, we were barely 15 mins after the end of the booking, having a chat and still not dressed and there was a knock on the door, some tough faced lady with long black hair, not very impressed to find us still there LOL

    The x rated stuff Started off with some nice cbj, dt, then daty, yum! Followed by 69 then she demanded fucking, and who am I to deny a lady? I am going to say that I made her cum, as most vain guys do, though the flush that spread across her chest and the shakes suggested that I really had. I had a good time, she had a good time, doesn't get much better than that!

    In summation, she is beautiful in a classic sense, intelligent, a good conversationalist, you would be the envy of most guys if they saw her with you at dinner or out on a date, and has some spirit and that bit of attitude that I like in a woman. The sex was energetic and fun, we both worked up a sweat, don't see her if you have a weak heart LOL

    Well recommended


Floor: #2
Post Time: 15th February 2010, 09:14 PM
Poster ID: Madison
Post Title: 
 thanks
				
Post Content: 
Thanks I had fun! xox


Floor: #3
Post Time: 3rd March 2010, 08:37 PM
Poster ID: DiscoWes
Post Title: 
 Madison
				
Post Content: 
THIS IS THE BORING PREAMBLE

Friday afternoon I was summoned into the office for a 'quick chat'. I was fearing the worst. Turns out I had nothing to fear at all. We are sending you to Sydney on next week to go to a seminar. So my mind started ticking. I'm staying in a Sydney CBD hotel. This is a golden opportunity for a booking. Dunno why but my brain came up with the name Madison. She had always been a source of curiosity for me but even moreso after meeting her socially.

So I got in touch with her over the weekend and we organised a booking. So I took my luggage to work and managed to get through the shortened day despite my excitement. So got to 'Cesspool City' and checked in to my modest room, freshened up and waited for my date.

NOW THE ENCOUNTER

So a knock at the door which I opened and there she was. Madison looked amazing. She was wearing a cream dress with black stockings and black shoes. I was gobsmacked. So off we went for some food. We found a pub round the corner were we had some steak and a bottle of Sauvignon Blanc (seems its an escorts best friend lol). Dinner wasn't what I was expecting. I had braced myself for plenty of pauses and ackward silences but it turns out we got along really well.

Madison is witty, intellegent, down to earth and with it. So we finished the wine and had an after dinner drink before deciding it was time to get back to hotel. We stopped to grab a bottle of wine on the way back (Sauvignon Blanc of course). So we filled our glasses and Madison excused herself to the bathroom to get changed.

NOW THE FUN STUFF

When Madison returned she was wearing a black corset with black fishnets. I commented she looked at bit like an erotic french maid. Next thing I know we are kissing and Madison pushes me down on the bed and starts to undo my jeans. So off come my clothes. Madison asks if I'm going to just sit there or help her out of hers. I comply and help her out of her outfit. Now Madison fully dressed is a great sight in its own right but naked she looks incredible. She has a mediteranian look as her skin is quite olive. To my delight this tan was an all over one.

Madison asked how I wanted to start. At dinner I remember her saying she liked being in control so I said "You tell me, your the boss!" This set the tone for the session. Madison seemed to enjoy being in control. I'm not sure how I kept up but I managed. Truth be told I really enjoyed being bossed about a little.

So we began with a CBJ. Her technique was good. I was asked if I wanted to fuck her pussy. I said I'd rather do something else to it first. So Madison plonked herself on my waiting mouth and we were into some DATY. Didn't take long and Madison jumped off, turned around and made it a 69. Madisons pussy is a delight to taste. She mentioned she had just had it waxed. Enough of that the boss says and she jumps on for some cowgirl. I would describe her as 'energetic' in the saddle. She asks why I'm not grabbing her tits so I grab them and she demands I squeeze them. Harder she says so I squeeze harder.

Right your turn to fuck me and off she jumps and lies down. So on I get for missionary. Don't you dare stop she says. During this time she starts lightly biting my nipples. At this stage I feel myself coming to an end. So I bring it home to a fantastic finish. She ends up laughing as I fall into a shrivelling heap on the bed. So we relax and chat. Madison is keen for round 2 but sadly I fail to 'rise to the occasion' and am content to just chat. So Madison gets dressed and goes into the night.

So to surmise, Madison is in her early 20's. 5'8" with shoulder length honey blonde hair, blue eyes, size 8, all over tan. Great body, great personality, great service. Two days later I still had sore abs after the workout she put me through. I recommend highly.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 28th April 2010, 07:46 PM
Poster ID: Madison
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Oh thanks...I had fun you were a delight! x


Floor: #5
Post Time: 5th September 2010, 08:31 PM
Poster ID: Xmin
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
We at AuXXXR would like to say a big thanks and au revoir to Madison. She was one of our first advertisers and we appreciate the faith she placed in us.

We understand that Madison is taking some time off from the industry, but live in hope that she might return to put a few more smiles on members faces.


