Thread Title: Maggie - Bankstown -  0414 844 108
Floor: #1
Post Time: 3rd December 2016, 11:29 AM
Poster ID: sandsifter
Post Title: 
 Maggie - Bankstown -  0414 844 108
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Maggie

Establishment : Appartment Bankstown

Date of Visit : Nov 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0414 844 108
Cheerful fun pussy-cat - Sydney escorts - cracker.com.au

Hours of Business : All hours at a guess

Rates :  $ 200.00 is 1 hour $150.00 is 30 minutes $120.00 is 20 minutes

Age : 38

Size/shape : Slim,curvy,large natural CC boobies

Nationality or Ethnicity : Korean although ad said Malaysian

Services Provided : Fs,massage,daty,bbj,lip kiss

Value for money/recommend? : Strange punt ,might work for some but not me.

My experience/comments :

This ad on Cracker really caught my eye because of her age and shapely figure even though I knew it might all be an illusion.

Texted for a midday appointment and got an instant reply from a different number which tells me there might be a few girls using this location.But if you don't try,you never know?
Arrived at a new apartment block near Bankstown shopping centre and was given instructions on which floor to get off. Was greeted at the door by a very pretty Maggie who ushered me in and through to the bedroom. Very new,clean unit with hardly any furnishings which tells me she probably doesn't live there. Took the offer of a shower which was large and immaculate.

Returned to the bedroom where Maggie was now naked and although I am not a boob man hers were a sight to behold and on a par with Master Lungors erotic posts. She was slim and curvy although her ass was smaller than I like. Told me she's Korean so not Malaysian as per ad which is fine but my concerns were raised as every Korean I've seen try to hit you for extras. True enough she asks if I would like bbj? I replied is that extra? Yes ! No I won't bother,so she makes a call to her boss and comes back and says 'I give you bbj for free,my boss say ok'. Christmas come early for me,you beauty!!!

I climbed on the bed for a close cuddle and exploration where she starts to give me some bbj. Now it wasn't the best,more like one of those nodding dogs in the back of a car.No variation or anything ,just up and down and far too quick and toothy. She commented how big I was,I wish,lol. I wasn't feeling anything so stopped her and began to explore her curves with my hands and tongue. Again another thing Koreans do is wet wipe everything you come in contact with which can put a dampner on things.But I persevered and started some daty on her but her legs were too rigid and she just wasn't relaxed at all. Nice and clean rug down there but really felt like I was forcing her into something she wasn't comfortable with.
I pulled back and she then put a condom on me with liberal amounts of lube on my cock and her fanny. I went missionary and she was really tight and looked like she was in a bit pain as I slowly entered her. Again I felt uncomfortable as I prefer my punt to enjoy the sex along with me. Tried cowgirl but was really struggling to get any depth so back to mish. I ask 'Are you ok?' 'Yes,fine' came the reply as I was starting to get some rhythm going. She was starting to sound a squeaky toy when the dogs playing with it. Eeek,eeek, on each of my thrusts. I didn't know whether to laugh or cry, so decided to go for the finish line and fill the bag so as not to put her through anymore grief. 
I withdrew myself and she grabbed a small towel and started to fan her snatch to offer some cool relief.
She then offered me some massage which was ok and then whilst having a shower she came and joined me to give each other a good soaping and rinse.The boobs are definitely real and spectacular.
Nice friendly girl/lady  who is 38 but doesn't look like it. I keep trying new girls even though I have some regular WL's who give me fantastic service,so why do I keep looking? Maybe to do reviews to keep my free membership,ha,ha,ha.


