Thread Title: Mandy - Gymea - 0413 824 823
Floor: #1
Post Time: 12th June 2017, 09:11 AM
Poster ID: debonaire
Post Title: 
 Mandy - Gymea - 0413 824 823
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Mandy

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 27 May 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0413 824 823 (Based out of Gymea)

Hours of Business : Anytime

Rates : $100 half hour

Age : Late 50's

Size/shape : Short size 14-16

Nationality or Ethnicity : South American

Services Provided : Catbath, BBBJ, DFK, Sex

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments :

Woke up unusually early on Saturday morning with a bit of morning wood and decided to finally message one of the local milfs whose adds I had seen before. Flicked Mandy a message at like 6.45am in the morning to let me know when she would be up and the earliest time I could see her for a quick 30 minute session. Was surprised to get a message back immediately telling me she could see me at 7.15am lol. Not to keep her waiting I accepted and headed over to meet her at her granny flat.

This was my first time meeting this lady but I must say that the entrance to her flat is off a side street and relatively discreet from as far as residences go in the burbs. Got inside and was greeted by a lady of older years. I've always had a thing for older ladies but on initial impression I was thinking that she was perhaps older and more weathered than the milfs I would usually go for. Anyways, the brain downstairs was doing the thinking at this point so I ventured into her little flat and was greeted by some pleasantries and kiss.

We had some conversation before Mandy led me over to a bed with a TV in front of it playing some European porn, she starts to give me a cat bath and doesn't hold back with the DFK, after feeling each others bodies out she gets to giving me a great BBBJ whilst fondling my balls, as she could tell that I liked the ball action she also started given the balls a good lick as well. Overall blowjob was great, not too much teeth with just the right amount of sloppiness if that makes sense. As good as the blowjob was it wasn't too long before she dommed me up and jumped on to enthusiastically ride me in cowgirl before sliding out urging me to take her from behind. I finished in doggy after a good pounding and lay exhausted on the bed. Overall the sex was great and you can tell that she really does enjoy what shes doing which goes along way in my books. 

We had a nice conversation after and even though I was only booked in for a 30 minute session and my time would have been up shortly she asked if she wanted to get me hard again to so that we could go again for round two. Shes definitely not a clock watcher and a really nice lady. So all in all I had a great punt and might be back again.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 19th July 2017, 08:21 AM
Poster ID: Gavin
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Mandy (aka Diana) and Melissa

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : July 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0413 824 823 

Hours of Business : Anytime

Rates : $200 half hour for double

Age : Late 50's, mid 60s

Size/shape : Short size 14-16, Large size 18-20

Nationality or Ethnicity : South American/Czech

Services Provided : BBBJ, french kiss">DFK, Sex

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : Doubles with Melissa (the Czech MILF from Cronulla) are on again. But not for long, as Melissa is leaving the Shire in about a month. These randy old birds will suck and fuck you dry, and they enjoy getting stuck into each other too. Plenty of kissing and deep-throating, and both women are amply endowed up top also. This is arguably the best value over-50s double in Sydney. But, sadly, it won't last


