Thread Title: Mandy - North Sydney - 0424 068 189
Floor: #1
Post Time: 22nd January 2019, 11:39 PM
Poster ID: JRx$yd
Post Title: 
 Mandy - North Sydney - 0424 068 189
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Mandy

Establishment : Modern Private Unit

Date of Visit : Late January 2019 Early afternoon

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://escortsandbabes.com.au/Profi...nt/mandysohot/

Phone : 0420 068 189

Hours of Business : 10am to Late

Rates : FS $150 30 min

Age : mid 30s (Advert says 23! HA)

Size/shape :  Slim, Soft "Natural" Fake D cups

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian

Services Provided : FS

Value for money/recommend? : OK / Sure

My experience/comments : 

Found myself in the North Sydney area with some time to kill, checked the normal sites and texted a few, Mandy was first to respond. Price was ok but the location of North Sydney is a drama for parking. Assured parking was easy on the street and it actually was.

Modern clean apartment block, buzzed unit number and easy access to foyer lift and floor.

Opened door to a ear enough version of the photos, good bust, bit of a soft tummy but ok. Not a lot of English but hand signals and pointing are universal.

Finances dealt with, she started the shower, which was a great start as it is shockingly hot at the moment and it is good to start fresh. Super clean uncluttered apartment and clean bright shower and fresh light grey towel. So 10/10 for amenities.

 In to the little "bedroom" fitted a double bed and bit of space on the side, a bit of standing mutual rubbing, and butt grinding. Offer to hop on the bed, but feeling like a standing BJ, she stayed on her knees and rolled on the dom. CBJ was good, got little JR ready to go and the view from above is always good. A bit of stop and spit and wipe with tissues but thats ok.

Now the apartment has central air con, that doesn't really reach into the "bedroom" so we were getting sweaty, which I have no problem with but she did tissue the sweat off her face and mine at often crucial moments :-).

Anyway onto the bed and some more CBJ and then Mandy lubes up and climbs on board. I am a CG fan, so to have Mandy's augmented D cups bouncing in front of my eyes while feeling her grind on Little JR, is what I enjoy.

And some sweaty slapping noises and I'm in heaven. Except for the tissue breaks to wipe sweat of my lip, it was fantastic with all the right noises and movements being made. A satisfying release in the bag and a quiet heavy breathing session to settle down.

Tissue clean up , shower and on my way.

A clean tidy, no drama punt. For hard to get to and park North Sydney, this one is great.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 23rd January 2019, 12:39 AM
Poster ID: CunningLinguist
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
The add says BBBJ ?


Floor: #3
Post Time: 23rd January 2019, 11:04 AM
Poster ID: JRx$yd
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Nope, CBJ and I didn't push the point. English wasn't a strong point.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 23rd January 2019, 04:17 PM
Poster ID: Lif
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Looks wise how did she compared to the photos on the site?


Floor: #5
Post Time: 23rd January 2019, 11:25 PM
Poster ID: CunningLinguist
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
One of my pet hates is when an adds says something then the girl you meet says something else ...


Floor: #6
Post Time: 24th January 2019, 10:16 AM
Poster ID: JRx$yd
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Lif, quite similar, good boobs, bolt ons but soft and realistic. So many of the adverts are bait and switch. I've walked away plenty of times, especially the pushy ones. The place was really clean and fresh, a nice change.


