Thread Title: Mandy - Liverpool - 0404 372 134
Floor: #1
Post Time: 28th January 2017, 09:33 AM
Poster ID: sandsifter
Post Title: 
 Mandy - Liverpool - 0404 372 134
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Mandy

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : Jan 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : How willing are you left a sexy girl alone ? - Australia escorts - cracker.com.au Ph 0404 372 134

Hours of Business : 10am till late

Rates : 200-60mins 180-45mins
 150-30mins 120 -20mins


Age : 35 
Size/shape : Skinny,tiny,tits like fried eggs

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese although ad says Japanese

Services Provided : BBJ,Daty,massage,FS 

Value for money/recommend? : Not the worse punt but I won't be back

My experience/comments : 
Decided I needed a cheap fuck without having to travel too far and scoured the Cracker ads for something close to where I'm located around Campbelltown. Found the ad for Mandy in Liverpool and texted for availability? Prompt reply from another number with the address  being Lachlan st, Liverpool (see post before mine). Had a feeling nothing would be as advertised but needed to empty my sacs so headed over to Liverpool.
Parked close by and was instructed to buzz the intercom for access to a fairly new apartment block. Was greeted by a tiny,very skinny Asian girl who started hugging and kissing me before the door had closed behind me.Pics in ad could be her? I asked a couple of questions with no response,then suddenly realising she knew no English whatsoever. Out came her phone which became her personal translater. Fuck this was going to take all the hour up if I have to communicate with her so decided to use actions instead of words. 
I stripped and went for a shower which was next to the bedroom.Everything was fairly new and clean and I got the feeling there were other section rooms in this apartment(in other words we were not alone)
Returned to the bedroom where Mandy was waiting naked. Very skinny with no ass and no tits but nipples like chapel hat pegs. Face was attractive and she was friendly and accommodating to my advances. She went straight into a bbj which was very nice,no teeth and plenty of suction. Mirrored wardrobe enhanced the whole process and I was quite happy to go with the blowy for the next 15 minutes.
I then decided to provide some mouth lube to her light carpeted Vjay. Nice and clean and got very wet in no time. Now the good thing about tiny,skinny girls you can lift them around like a rag doll and I was getting some deep tongue penetration lifting her frame off the bed. Her fanny was making little spluttering sounds as I added some fingers to the equation.
Time for some coitus san comdon and I slowly plunged into her tight little cavern. Very nice and I felt like I was hitting the back of the headboard with every thrust. Moved around in different positions and settled on missionary for the last lap. Boy I needed that release and felt all the stress from work disappear into that bag.
We lay embraced in others arms with not a word spoken,well wouldn't understand each other anyway. As I got up to take another shower I noticed the cardboard price list in the corner of the room. As I was saying goodbye,she  got her phone translater and explained her nationality,age,etc and asked if I could ring her direct. Mmmmm,Probably not as you really don't know what unsavoury characters are running these girls and I wouldn't want to go behind their backs especially for her safety.
Mandy was very accommodating but I prefer to be able to have a normal conversation with a girl/lady


