Floor: #1
Post Time: 23rd April 2020, 08:42 PM
Poster ID: milkyjoe
Post Title: 
 Manu - Sydney cbd - 0477 467 092 / 0420 580 572
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : manu

Establishment : private 

Date of Visit : April 2020

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.escortsandbabes.com.au/P...nt/ManuBrasil/

Phone : 0477467092

Hours of Business : unsure 

Rates : $200 15 mins

Age : 20's

Size/shape : huge round bum, very flat stomach no fat, big fake boobs 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Brazilian 

Services Provided : sex

Value for money/recommend? : sort of. No real complaints. 

My experience/comments : 

I wanted to have sex with a beautiful woman without spending heaps of money and found this ad. Easy communication and into the apartment. She was just like the photos, but she wasn't very talkative and was kind of like she was in slow motion. 

After the shower, she rubbed some lube on my hard cock before I even got on the bed, we felt each other up abit before she motioned me down, I thought she would start with a cbj, but just got on top, she rode me for a while, it was a good view although her bra stayed on, and then into doggy. This was quite the site as well her ass is something out of Brazil that's for sure but probably fake but does it matter, it looks and felt amazing, then into missionary. Before I got up and took the condom off and motioned for hj. She wanted to put the condom back on for a handjob and I was politely refused before she sat me down and got me comfortable before kneeling in front of me with tits right near my cock and hj to finish. 

She was covering her clit during sex I think to stop feeling of sex a little bit, she was quite a starfish and not very animated and quite slow and sort of numb to the whole experience kind of like she wasn't there. Tired? It was 5 or 6 pm. Who knows. Her body was hot but kind of out of proportion in my eyes but I think that's what they go for a huge ass and extremely tiny waist and flat stomach and large boobs, but it looked pretty good although kind of cartoonish. She was very attractive though. 

I mentioned thst that she was abit quiet and she said her English wasn't good. But we had a chat towards the end about a few things and it was enough to be able to have basic conversation. 

Overall, she was hot, kind of starfishy, which was bad because i would of stayed longer if she got more into it. She brushed off compliment not ignored and wasn't rude but she kind of just didn't care or wasn't fussed, even at the end I said I'd come back to see her again, and there was no smile or that's good just bye or ok then type attitude. Super different from my other Brazilian experiences I've had. I've seen maybe 7+ Brazilian escorts in Australia that have all had a super fun and crazy appetite for sex so i wasn't expecting the starfish vibes. I'd maybe go back again just because she looked hot and it was a good sight but wouldn't be first on the list. It was a real fuck, dump and go with no emotion or enthusiasm experience with a attractive lady.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 23rd May 2020, 06:00 AM
Poster ID: pashon8
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Looks like the profile and mobile number has changed

https://www.escortsandbabes.com.au/P...nt/ManuBrasil/

https://scarletblue.com.au/escort/manu-scott

0420580572

I've seen her ads. wasn't sure if the photos were fake.


