Thread Title: May - Auburn - 0404 832 012
Floor: #1
Post Time: 25th August 2018, 12:19 PM
Poster ID: josh18
Post Title: 
 May - Auburn - 0404 832 012
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : May

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : August 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.escortsandbabes.com.au/P...t/ShanghaiMay/

Phone : 0404 832 012

Hours of Business : 10am-?

Rates : $150half hr $2501hr

Age : 30s

Size/shape : Thin. Small cups, Pictures on ad are correct and don't appear photoshopped.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : FS

Value for money/recommend? : Yes, maybe?

My experience/comments : First punt in a long time. Booking was somewhat challenging and took a few tries for our schedules to line up. Once arranged everything went quite smoothly. She is located in Auburn and gets you to walk in an area she can see from her place before giving you her unit number. I guess this is to avoid giving out her address to randoms who seem to like collecting girls addresses. However this might scare some people off.

She was very welcoming at the door and gave off the vibe of a more traditional Chinese lady, which was ok. She was very "work" focuses and promoted herself/made sure I knew what was on offer for the duration of the session. Some may consider this annoying but it did not bother me overly. Her place was clean and not a shared space.


Sorted out finances and had a shower. Met her back on the bed. She started with a light massage before I rolled over and she started bbbj. Her technique was nice and I let her keep going. We chatted a bit on and off during and she pointed out that CIM was ok (no extra cost) and multiple shots in a booking were also ok. By the time this came up it was too late for that but I would possibly return because of this.


In the end I just let her give me bbbj until time was almost up and then took the CIM option. I don't know how sex would be but her attitude overall was great so I don't imagine it would be bad. Would I go back? Maybe.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 26th August 2018, 12:56 PM
Poster ID: sheilal
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I have seen May many times in the past at former Work Places and also at her apartment.
I can confirm that I always enjoyed great sessions with her.
I had done a few favours for her, so I always got Special Treatment in the way of Cooked Meals. Wine, Long Sessions etc. 
I have not seen her for a long time. 
You have rekindled my desire to see her again. 

She is very clean, her apartment is clean, so if you want great service from her I recommend that you turn up looking Neat and Clean. !!


