Thread Title: MEENA.........Campbelltown...0420 240 191
Floor: #1
Post Time: 13th June 2017, 06:19 PM
Poster ID: sandsifter
Post Title: 
 MEENA.........Campbelltown...0420 240 191
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Meena

Establishment : Private hotel/apt Campbelltown

Date of Visit : June 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :  0420240191 ??? Special service from a very special girl ??? - Sydney escorts - cracker.com.au

Hours of Business : 10am-8pm,usually blocks of 5 days of renting a room in different suburbs. Currently in Campbelltown

Rates : FS/CBJ
30 minutes - $120
 45 minutes - $150
 60 minutes - $190
Expect to pay extra for extras.

Age : 30

Size/shape : Perfect body as shown on Cracker ad. Natural C/D cups, tanned skin, couple of tasteful tats on her mid-rift, great skin, shaved quim and an ass to die for 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : FS/massage/CBJ....Extra $50 BBJ.....$30 DATY

Value for money/recommend? : Yes most certainly but be aware of extra charges.

My experience/comments : 

Saw Meena's ad last week and booked for a meet up only to be cancelled 5 minutes before my arrival due to her being kicked out a hotel in Campbelltown. I saw the ad again and thought why not as it's only a 5 minute drive from my work. She was staying at a different hotel just off Campbelltown rd and I arranged a 1 hour appointment for just after lunch. Was messaged the room number and after a bit of flapping around I managed to slip past the receptionist and into the lift. Was greeted by Meena who took my breath away as I eyed her physique up. She was beautiful with cat-like eyes small frame but perfect body(imho) The room was large and clean with a separate immaculate shower room.
She gave me a hug and I took the offer of a quick shower before returning to join a now naked Meena. Fuck she was gorgeous I thought as we both lay out onto the bed. She started by sucking on my nipples as she stroked my cock to attention. My hands just glided over her smooth tight skin with most of the focus over her ass. I was dying to sink my face into those butt cheeks but first I let Meena lead the way with a very nice CBJ to get the blood flowing.
After a few minutes she grabbed some lube for her fanny before lowering herself down my shaft in reverse cowgirl. No I thought, the sight of her ass as my cock disappeared into the piss flaps was going to finish me before I had begun. It was nice but I needed to break and get my head between her thighs. She questioned what I was up to and I replied daty? Awkward moment as she said that would be extra.....$30 extra......Mmmmmmmm....Ok, ok, I thought and after she wiped away the lube I went to town on her beautiful delicious shaved cunt. I was going to get my $30 worth and some as my tongue swept along her bum cheeks before parting her lips and lapping and sucking every bit of exposed labia and clit. She started of with a bit of fake moaning but after about 10 minutes I had her cooing and finally into trembling orgasm. Hard work but worth the effort as she started to relax a bit more as we went back into various coupling positions. My favourite was doggy where she went into low position with that ass pushing back onto my thrusts as I reached around to tweak her nipples. Another change and quick flip as I let Meena bounce up and down onto me like she was rehearsing for a rodeo. I told her to go hard as I felt my sacs emptying into the dom. I'm done but she still going and I have to stop her as my cock is too sensitive. We separate and she cleans the carnage up as we talk about life and shit. We cuddled and I asked about the time....10 minutes left and she asked if I wanted a HJ ,yeah sure, and she went to town as my hands latched onto her ass for the 1000th time. But no I wasn't going to cum this time,my knob was still numbed up from before.
 Thanked her for the effort and headed for another shower before paying her the extra $30 and waving goodbye. She said that she doesn't work all the time and pops up in Parramatta and Sydney. She's only in Campbelltown until the end of this week. Well worth a visit.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 20th June 2017, 01:25 PM
Poster ID: sandsifter
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Looks like Meena is spending  some days in Melbourne this week. ?New sexy Asian just Arrived Melbourne?Hot Sexy with Busty DD - Sydney escorts - cracker.com.au


