Thread Title: Meili - Newcastle - 0415353394
Floor: #1
Post Time: 14th May 2018, 01:27 PM
Poster ID: Amested
Post Title: 
 Meili - Newcastle - 0415353394
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Meili

Establishment : Jesmond motel

Date of Visit : May

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.escortsandbabes.com.au/P...endent/fan026/

Hours of Business : 9:30 am till late

Rates : 200/hr

Age : 24 (seems fairly accurate)

Size/shape : size 10 ish pictures are accurate.
natural boobs cup size size is accurate

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : 200 massage or FS + extras

Value for money/recommend? : sorta to ymmv

Met at the door in sexy lingerie. Paid the piper and into the shower. 
She's staying at the executive villas for up to 2 months. 
Pics are definitely legit but she's not as pretty as the half face shots might lead you to believe still pretty hot though. 

Enthusiastic and willing but massage was poor with no training or obvious skill.
Great CBJ  though to finish which was included for the first shot.
more massage followed with the same, poor technique.. Its relaxing though so if you want enjoy a firm massage this isn't the place for a GFE style massage yes it's ok. second shot to finish was great good technique and no rush HJ.

Definitely not good at massage but i'm Looking for parkour quality so ymmv. She offers FS and if you want a GFE you will probably enjoy it. , I chose the 200 FS option for 2 shots but don't go for FS myself. So maybe that had her off guard and not really able to run her normal routine. 

English is poor but manageable. 
All in all no i wouldn't return but as said a couple of times Ymmv


Floor: #2
Post Time: 14th May 2018, 03:45 PM
Poster ID: mikey191
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Whoa those pics are accurate?  I've seen her ad and thought they were too good to be true

Thanks for taking the Jesmond risk and finding a half decent one for us


Floor: #3
Post Time: 14th May 2018, 04:10 PM
Poster ID: WOTAN01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by mikey191


Whoa those pics are accurate?  I've seen her ad and thought they were too good to be true

Thanks for taking the Jesmond risk and finding a half decent one for u
"""
 


Note the comment in the review "Pics are definitely legit but she's not as pretty as the half face shots might lead you to believe still pretty hot though."


Floor: #4
Post Time: 14th May 2018, 05:28 PM
Poster ID: mikey191
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
far less a question than a comment on Amested's willingness to TOFTT and risk a dud at Jesmond


Floor: #5
Post Time: 15th May 2018, 12:27 PM
Poster ID: Amested
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Well it was a calculated risk based on the fact her profile was is originally Melbourne. 
A few texts suggested she was staying at executive villas which seems to draw touring girls even if her add didn’t say she was on tour. .
I would have walked if she wasn’t as pictured too. 

Glad to be if service ;-)
Does a toftt get me 21 bonus posts for silver by any chance


Floor: #6
Post Time: 26th May 2018, 09:42 PM
Poster ID: Persepolis
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Meili

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : Sat 26 May 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.escortsandbabes.com.au/P...endent/fan026/

Hours of Business : 9:30am till late

Rates : $200 hour

Age : mid 20s

Size/shape : Slightly plump 
Nationality or Ethnicity : PRC

Services Provided : massage fs

Value for money/recommend? : so-so

My experience/comments : I went into this punt with my eyes open after reading Amestead’s review. Afterwards I can see that I agree in some aspects, but not in others.  YMMV Que sera sera.
The photos of Meili were amazing. Exotic body with voluminous suckable breasts. Sad thing was the young woman was not the woman in the ads. She wasn’t Thai and although her breasts were enjoyable they weren’t the breasts in the photos. This girl was a slightly plump northern Chinese girl with the moon face of that region.  The only truth in the ad was the services that were on offer.
Massage had a Thai massage feel but there was no rhyme or reason. It was a squeeze here and a squeeze there. She employed a little unresponsive tackle tickle. She suggested “sucky sucky” but I wanted to feel those soft boobs being rubbed over me. I turned over and she continued the body rub. She then rubbed her boobs over my cock. I had a lovely tit fuck.
She then put on the condom and started a brilliant CBJ. Normally I can hold on during a blow job but with her mouth and hand I was soon filling the love sock.
After a rest period where efforts were made for some conversation, but with my minimal Mandarin and her limited English we didn’t get very far.
She started playing with the old fella and went ahead with an enjoyable handjob.
Would I return? Nah Yeah Nah. These bait and switch ads piss me off even if the punt turns out ok. So no there wont be a second visit to Meili.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 5th June 2018, 04:15 PM
Poster ID: Amested
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hmmm interesting i’d Be the first to admit I wouldn’t know a Thai girl from a Chinese girl. But I thought the body matched the pics well enough, maybe a bit different but when are they ever not more flattering than reality. 
Makes sense why she didn’t show the face though, you may have a more discerning eye for boob match than me lol. 
Glad we agree on the quality of the CBJ though.


