Thread Title: Melanie - Sydney CBD - 0417 490 896
Floor: #1
Post Time: 22nd March 2014, 08:12 PM
Poster ID: diono
Post Title: 
 Melanie - Sydney CBD - 0417 490 896
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Fiona

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : February 2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0417490896

Hours of Business : By appointment

Rates : $140 per hour

Age : late 20s

Size/shape : Slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian

Services Provided : Massage (FS on offer)

Value for money/recommend? : Meh!

My experience/comments : 

Found 'Melanie' on Cracker. Easy to contact via text with a quick reply and confirmation. Usual two call system with address sent at booking then room details upon arrival.


Incall is a private rental studio in the Sydney CBD with entry off a major city grid street - It could feel very exposed (with lots of people around) or discreet if you are happy to be lost in the 'noise' of others around you, it really depends on how you view these things. Found out during the session that it was a shared space (obvious really, it doesn't look 'lived in' either). Fairly nice, comfortable incall more like a real estate show room than a parlour - I prefer the atmosphere of a private space than a parlour.


I started by saying hi 'Melanie' which was the name on the Cracker ad. She replies, 'oh, it's Fiona - that's my real name'. But it is the girl in the pictures anyway so I don't really mind what she calls herself, so Fiona it is. Ad said massage but she right away offered extras which I declined, not what I was there for.


We get started and the black dress comes off to reveal black lingerie. Nice enough massage, not therapeutic quality but that was not what we were there for. She was very athletic, strong enough to hold herself in some interesting poses. It almost seemed like the lingerie would stay on the whole time so I said, I'm naked it would be only fair if you were too ... off it came !


Session was not rushed at all - little massage on her, touching was tentative at first but she relaxed into it (there are boundaries, outside only, but YMMV). While I had declined extras at the start it didn't stop Fiona from rolling out a dom and going hammer and tongs on the CBJ, good girl !  It was early enough in the session (maybe her attempt to finish up early) so I enjoyed it for a bit and then asked to get back to the massage. Don't expect anything great from the massage, but if you want a remedial book a day spa. After a few more minutes, it was on to tug for the finish which was done well.


Bloody shower took ages to warm up - no kidding about 4 minutes and I thought I might have to take a cold one (at the end of the session) to wash up after the session.


A good find I think (for Cracker).


Floor: #2
Post Time: 23rd March 2014, 06:03 AM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Melanie advertises extensively.

Her Cracker ad seems to have expired but her ads are also on,

http://sydney.backpage.com/FemaleEsc...ice-24/4235679

http://4kuku.com/ad-listing/Sensual-...121663615.aspx

Melanie - Sexy Petite Escort - OZ ADS (expired)


Floor: #3
Post Time: 23rd March 2014, 08:21 PM
Poster ID: Mr Crash and Burn
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Lol...thread title Melanie, persons name Fiona!!!


Floor: #4
Post Time: 6th April 2014, 03:31 PM
Poster ID: Richieboy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Its was a good find as her prices are now increased to 250 for massage and 350 for full service


Floor: #5
Post Time: 26th August 2014, 03:11 PM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
One of Melanies ads, http://www.4kuku.net/free-classified...121663615.aspx

She may also use the name Tianna ( sydney classifieds for apts, jobs, and items for sale - backpage.com )





			
				Sensual and ....... Private Massage Service - 24 
Location: Sydney, Australia , World wide  x

View next 4kuku
escorts ad
in Sydney 	


"Call me to make a booking!!!! 0417 490 896



Hello Gentlemen, my name is Melanie I am a young playful Asian girl in Sydney with long flowing dark hair and big brown eyes that will mesmerize you. I provide the most sensual erotic massage you will ever receive. I will tease you with my very special touch. My massage is mind blowing and I can provide many extras.



I am very open-minded, and have a ....... attitude that is fun and easy to be around. My sense of style will have you ready for our time together. I can be elegant or raunchy depending on the type of rendezvous you are after.



I pride myself in offering my sensual services in a luxurious apartment not far from Town Hall and the Queen Victoria Building in Sydney City. My girlfriend experience is one that you will not forget. My preference is to build lasting relationships with my clients men who know how to treat a young woman, and in return they will receive the very nest that I have to offer.



If I have sparked your interest and you would like to learn more about me, I invite you to call me and get to know me in a very personal way, so that we can share a special bond that hopefully will be as rewarding to me as it will be to you.



I provide both incalls in my luxury unit in Sydney and outcalls. My only goal is that our time together is everything that you want it to be, and I am committed to doing all that I can to make this happen. This can mean many things, and I can assure you that all of them are good!

I'll provide you with a very memorable experience along with the sensual pampering you crave! Don't let another minute go by... Call and get that pampering and spoiling you deserve.



I do provide some extras. If you are after anything extra, please ask me when you are making a booking so we can arrange this for your time with me.



I am looking forward to meeting you





Melanie

xoxo





My rates for a very sensual and ....... massage are

30 Minutes $150

60 Minutes $250



Full service is $350 per hour !!



If you are after some special extras, please enquire when making a booking



Call me NOW!!!! 0417 490 896 "


