Thread Title: Melody Mayhem - Sydney - 0421 041 627
Floor: #1
Post Time: 21st September 2019, 06:59 PM
Poster ID: narddog04
Post Title: 
 Melody Mayhem - Sydney - 0421 041 627
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Melody Mayhem

Establishment : Incall at her apartment

Date of Visit : 20/09/2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://scarletblue.com.au/escort/me...em?city=Sydney

Phone : 0421 041 627

Hours of Business : till late

Rates : $400 hour

Age : Melody Mayhem

Size/shape : Petite

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : DFK, BBBJ, FS

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : 

I normally go for more voluptuous women - Melody is 5'1 according to the Scarlet Blue site.
But there was just something about her that appealed to me. I texted Melody and they respond quickly and let me know that she was available at the time I want to see her. When I got to her apartment, she opens the door and is a sight to behold in sexy lingerie and heels. Melody was very friendly, a great conversationalist, offered me a shower and asked me to leave my shoes in the lounge and meet her in the bedroom.
Started to kiss her, leading into FK and then kissed her neck, moved to her breasts and sucked on her nipples.

It was clear that Melody was up for enjoying herself as much as possible. Her OWO technique was great, slowly building up to take more and more of me into her mouth until eventually her nose was against my groin. Moved to have sex, rubbered up, she wanted to go in cowgirl first of all and after a few minutes of this, we flipped into missionary and a after a few more minutes i came. A bit of kissing and chatting - she is a smart cookie. Soon we were both ready for more, again a bit of OWO and then rubber on again and this time into missionary,her legs spread wide and then pushed back, I varied my pace and depth of thrusts and just tried to make my time inside her last as long as possible.
Melody seemed to be enjoying herself by the expressions on her face and the reaction of her body. Eventually I shot my bolt and then cleaned up and we had a bit more of a chat. Had some more kisses and a joke about a few things and i left.

I really enjoyed my time with Melody, she was fun, feisty and the sex was ace.


