Thread Title: Mercedes - Liverpool - 0478792729
Floor: #1
Post Time: 17th February 2019, 12:21 PM
Poster ID: Donjon
Post Title: 
 Mercedes - Liverpool - 0478792729
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Mercedes

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 13-Jan-2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://sydney.locanto.com.au/ID_258...half-BBBJ.html

Phone : 0478792729

Hours of Business : 2pm till late

Rates : 300/hr

Age : Mid 30s

Size/shape : petite, great body, cute butt

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : GFE, BBJ

Value for money/recommend? : No

My experience/comments : 

Saw her advt on Locanto and booked 1hr GFE. Ringed her from the address just before few mins of the fixed time, no answer. Wait for about 5 mins and text message about the appointment. no reply. After 10 mins I got a message said "Won't be long". By this time, its already 15 mins over the fixed time. I waited for another 10 mins and sent a message with just saying hi? I was wondering whats going on. Finally she replied with the unit no. She opened the door and first impression is she is pretty.

As soon as she closed the door, I smiled and asked how are you? She just nodded okay and I felt she was cold. I gave her the cash, she said "Wait!" and took me to the room inside. Asked to remove my cloths for health inspection. This was new to me, but I know it has happened to punters. I obliged, she inspected by pulling my foreskin and inspected under the balls. She said okay and got the cash. Quick shower and on to the bed. She was on the mobile standing beside me near to the table.

I lifted her skirt and caressing her cute little butt. She was still on the phone and asked what I do. Before I reply for anything she ask the next question, wondering she was listening at all. After few mins she said to lie down. She undress pretty quickly and god she has great body. Noticed surgery marks under her belly just above her clean shaved pussy. Didn't bother much to me.

On to the bed she spread my legs and removed my jocks. Came close my already erect cock and gave a slow BBBJ. Feels heavenly and only good part in this review. I was happy it started well. She try to cover my whole penis onto her mouth. Again slow. It went on for few mins. Suddenly she got up and open the drawer for condom. I told we have whole 45 mins ahead of us. She said "time fly quickly" and keen on sex. I tried to kiss her, which was No from her. Suggested DATY and BIG NO. To go with the flow asked to her on top after dom. She did okay for a min on top and again asked to fuck in miss. I suggested to lie on her face, so that I can fuck her doggy. She is said "NO" in one word.

I lost interest and started fucking missonary. Started thrusting, she shut her eyes completely. Then there was strong fishy smell which I can't ignore. Stopped a bit and noticed its from her pussy. I dont want to ask her and try to finish quickly but little johnny is not co-op. Stopped sex asked her for BJ. She said not to cum on her mouth which is extra. I don't want to pay any extra and she gave a complete different lack luster BJ for few secs and finished with HJ.

I went to quick wash while entering the room she was already dressed up and on the mobile. I know no chance for second round. So dressed and bid good bye. While near to the door she finally smiled and said bye and peck on the cheek.

In out in less than half hour and more time wasted on waiting for this to happen. I hate private WL when not able to keep up with the time. 10 mins is okay but she took close to half hr to get ready. For me 300/hr is premium, blinded by her great body and service description.

Never recommend.


