Thread Title: Mercedes Spencer (Jessica Lee) - Sydney - 0473 448 113
Floor: #1
Post Time: 30th July 2016, 10:25 PM
Poster ID: Bigdicksyd16
Post Title: 
 Mercedes Spencer (Jessica Lee) - Sydney - 0473 448 113
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Mercedes Spencer (Formerly Jessica Lee)

Establishment : Currently Outcall

Date of Visit : July 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://scarletblue.com.au/escort/mercedes-spencer

Hours of Business : contact to confirm

Rates : $500 hr

Age : Mid 20s

Size/shape : Sexy 10

Nationality or Ethnicity : Eurasian

Services Provided : FS GFE

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : Gents this is my last punt/post for awhile as moving overseas. So I'm glad to end on a high note.
Early in the year I was interested in an ad for Jessica Lee (Baby Dolls Elite) and after much procrastination contacted her one night, but unfortunately while waiting she had to cancel. Oh well things happen and I took a hiatus. Fast forward to mid year and I had still looked at her ads in awe but not got around to contacting, when one day she contacts me.. unfortunately I was sitting in the airport waiting for my flight overseas, I replied saying keep that thought I'll contact you when I'm back.
When I get back I look for her ad, it's gone. No Google search results either. Baby Dolls wasn't active either. Disaster. After weeks of searching I stumble upon Mercedes Spencer... Bingo it's her!
So I eventually contact Mercedes and make a booking, unfortunately she tried to call me to confirm but I missed the call and she made an alternate booking. My bad.
A week later, I'm about to leave Sydney and I can't go without seeing her, so I text and I get an reply in seconds, booked and she's instantly in her way only an hour to destiny.
Mercedes arrived at my apartment and was struck by her beauty. My dream girl.
The best way I can describe her body is thick, I hope that translates the same to others. I use curvy etc for big girls, but think for someone with great solid thighs ass and tits.
#thickthighssavelives
Stay with me... So Mercedes is stunning, kicks off her heels and is 5'2", sits down and we chat for maybe 2 min and and instant connection, felt like I was with a partner. She says let's move to the bedroom and strips down to her bra and gstring, revealing her beautiful body. She is quite heavily tatted all over which i found extremely hot, but might not be for everyone. 
She lays on top of me and starts with some very sensual teasing and kissing... In my head I'm saying "don't fall in love, dont fall in love".
With both strip naked, revealing her tits which are much bigger than I expected.. fake but good quality realistic.
She starts with a great cbj and maintains eye contact.
She does bbbj in a more expensive service, but I'm saving and her cbj was great.
I get get spin around so I can taste her pussy in 69 which she doesn't hesitate and seems to enjoy. Beautiful pussy I might add.
She then climbs on for cowgirl and I'm off to heaven, Mercedes lays down closer for some kissing while bouncing in my cock, it's very passionate and intimate.
Flip to missionary, but I have a desire to pleasure her so u go down for some daty.
After some moaning and hip rocking i go to missionary for a bit, then she says let her do some work and climbs back in top and starts riding back, forward, up, down.
She's moaning and rocking, I'm thinking it's a show... But after a minute I realize she's really going for it and working to a climax, I strap in for the trill of this beautiful creature ferociously riding me till she orgasms... And with a shudder of her hole body she clapsed on me, looks at me and giggles, saying "sorry I took care of my self there", I said "dont be, that was amazing".
I flip her into doggy, where I took a million mental images of her amazing booty and started pounding away.
I look and she is gripping the bed and moaning, she going to cum again but I beat her to it.
We lay chatting for a bit, mainly about our travels and her business. And it felt like I'd known, or even been with her for years.. her amazing personality matches her looks.
Round two, is very much like round one with some passionate girlfriend sex... But when finishing in doggy a bit of her PSE came out which was fun and made me cum hard. (She offers a PSE, which I'm sure she does very well)
We shower together, chat some more while shes getting dressed and say our goodbyes. I get a thank you message about an hour later.
I'm glad I persisted to find and see her, she embodies my dream girl in looks and personality... Another lifetime maybe.
I can't compare her to others I've reviewed recently as Rebeca Rios and Sasha Stephens gave amazing PSE.
And I went for Mercedes GFE.. I am still grinning ear to ear and that says it all.
Adios.


