Thread Title: Mia Westwood - Sydney CBD - 0415 695 243
Floor: #1
Post Time: 12th July 2019, 02:53 AM
Poster ID: etc
Post Title: 
 Mia Westwood - Sydney CBD - 0415 695 243
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Mia Westwood

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 16 June 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://scarletblue.com.au/escort/mia-westwood

Phone : 0415695243

Hours of Business : Ring Mia.

Rates : $600/hr

Age : Late 20s

Size/shape : Very fit and slightly tall

Nationality or Ethnicity : European

Services Provided : Full Service

Value for money/recommend? : Gorgeous and worth it

My experience/comments : Had heard mixed reviews about Mia previously but couldn't resist seeing her with the pictures that she has on her scarletblue page. Communication was simple and easy. Contacted her one morning to see if she was available that day and we organised to meet at noon. Got to her apartment building and was buzzed in. It's a very modern place. Opened the door and knew that I had made the right choice. She was wearing a short black dress that showed off her slim figure and gorgeous legs. We chatted a bit, I gave her the money and she led me to the shower. Came out and found her in lingerie waiting in bed and I couldn't wait to get started. We started caressing each other very gently on the arms, the chest and slowly she made her down to my naked cock, all hard and ready whilst I made my way down to her pussy. We masturbated each other whilst kissing slowly for a while until I laid down and she started sucking my nipples and I fondled her breasts which were natural and soft (they're around C cup). She got the dom and started sucking away whilst intermittently licking my balls, before finally deep-throating my cock. I've had better blowjobs before but the way she licks my balls, that warm, wet feeling was so good, I could have just cummed from that. But no, little mister wanted more. She got on top and started riding away whilst I played with her clit. We then went doggy style, banging her fit ass, fast and hard. There was a TV next to the bed that was off and so I could see the reflection of my ass slamming against hers whilst she moaned loudly. We then went missionary and DFKed whilst I fucked her slow but deep. Finally, little mister got tired so she gave a blowjob but I decided to finish with us DFKing and her jerking my cock. She started jerking it slow whilst we kissed. I cupped her natural breasts, squeezed them, rubbed her nipples and moved my hand down to her pussy. We masturbated each other faster and faster until we both came, finishing what we started. We cleaned up, talked a bit and I got back into the shower. It was time to leave. Overall, a great punt. $600/hr is quite costly so I'll need to save a bit before I see her again but can't wait.


