Thread Title: Mia Paradiso - Surry Hills - 0467 357 600
Floor: #1
Post Time: 19th August 2012, 09:03 PM
Poster ID: lone stranger
Post Title: 
 Mia Paradiso - Surry Hills - 0467 357 600
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name :   Mia Paradiso

Establishment :   Redfern/Surry Hills

Date of Visit :   Aug 2012

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :  0467357600

Hours of Business :    11-Late

Rates :   $350/hr

Age :   Late 30s

Size/shape :   Size 8 

Nationality or Ethnicity :   Caucasian/ Mediterranean

Services Provided :  FS DATY BBJ

Value for money/recommend? :   Yes

My experience/comments : i noticed that her ad on cracker is no longer there otherwise i would have inserted it. She works in Sydney every 2nd week. Her photos on Cracker are real! She is very cute and provides a good GFE with a reasonable BBJ and good sex in all positions. she's in her 30s but looks much younger. she has a few tats which are not too bad. She's intelligent and can hold a good conversation but who cares, really, unless you plan on taking her out.
I think she's reasonable value for money and worth seeing.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 20th August 2012, 07:32 PM
Poster ID: reggid
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
MY SERVICES: Petite and passionate pin-up girl seeks discerning gentleman to tease and please.  Let's make this a game of Show and Tell. I'll go first.

About me: Cheeky European/Australian girl who only comes out to play every second week (the rest of the time I pretend to be well-behaved with a grown-up job). I can hold up my side of any conversation, and I'm a good listener, but I'm so goddamned sexy I can make a bishop kick in a stained-glass window; playful and naughty with a body to die for (but don't you worry - I know CPR).

Now let's talk about you: you're a gentleman who doesn't necessarily prefer blondes, but who appreciates a brunette with killer curves and an I.Q. that will hold up under cross-examination. You want to explore your fantasies, but nothing that will have you arrested in 27 states.

Now lets talk about us; if you're happy, I'm happy. Our time together can be slow and sensual or hot and heavy. I'm a modern girl, so I like it both ways. Is this my job? Sure, but I LOVE what I do.

Life is too short to waste a single day. It's certainly too short to waste a long and restless night. If you want to fill some time with a discreet and sexy woman who reads Playboy for the pictures (not the articles) and who will leave you with a smile on your face for days, read on...the faster you contact me, the faster you'll have a story for that secret black book of yours. And if you don't want to put it down in writing, you'll carry around a memory that is guaranteed to make your best mate go very, very quiet and listen to all the sexy details. Get in touch soon. My name isn't "Paradiso" by coincidence, you know.

* No private numbers (you show me yours, I'll show you mine).

* I'm silky soft, but my rates are set in stone. I'm a beautiful woman, not a Persian Rug. Please - no haggling.

* In-call 10am-7pm: $300/hr (Private, air-conditioned home in Surry Hills/Moore Park)

* Easy parking. No meters, which is very handy when you discover that an hour just won't cover it ;-)

* Out-call 7pm-late: $350 for the first hour (includes cab fare to city and surrounds) - 2nd, 3rd, 4th hours (how many can you handle?) - $300.

* Overnight bookings (assuming we've previously met): $3000.

* Please call when I'm in Sydney or e-mail me anytime. Texting is fine if you're making an appointment after we've met or spoken previously.

What are you waiting for? There was a reason I was put on this Earth. It was to make grown men wriggle.

Mia Paradiso xxx


Floor: #3
Post Time: 21st August 2012, 08:30 AM
Poster ID: Flyerr221
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Mia Paradiso Private Sydney Escort


