Thread Title: Mia - Wentworthville - 0416 582 064
Floor: #1
Post Time: 28th January 2014, 12:06 AM
Poster ID: Dr Strangelove
Post Title: 
 Mia - Wentworthville - 0416 582 064
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Mia

Establishment : private in Wentworthville

Date of Visit : January 2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0416582064

Hours of Business : available till the early hours of the morning

Rates : $70/short time, $100/30, $180/60

Age : advertised as 39, if she's older its not by alot. 

Size/shape : size 14, dark hair, C cups, fully shaven. 

Nationality or Ethnicity : advertised as NZ & Hungarian mix

Services Provided : BJ, FS

Value for money/recommend? : No

My experience/comments : I had made a booking with a different lady but got a late cancellation and accordingly went back onto cracker to try and find someone late at short notice. 

I do like BBW's and saw Mia's ad and made an appointment. Her unit is easy to find in a quiet street. 

I booked for the half hour for $100. 

Mia answered the door in a robe and looks wise sort of reminded me of the famous / infamous Greek Sophia, but with a quieter personality and smaller breasts. 

I handed over my $100, a shower was offered which I accepted. Nice hot water, good water pressure, plenty of soap and a nice clean towel. I'm sorry to say that this is where the positive things in this review end. 

Back to the bedroom and Mia got her gear off. Unfortunately for her,  Mia is stuck in that middle part as far as figures go. Can't advertise as skinny, but she's not quite big either. When I hear BBW, I think of someone round and rubenesque. Mia is more; had a few kids years back and things went south. 

But of course, a good time can still be had so I continued. 

I got on the bed and Mia applied some kind of lube and started a hand job that got me hard. She then applied a condom and began a cbj that was pretty good as far as cbj's go (ok so there was one more positive). She positioned herself in such a way so she could see the porn she had playing on her tv as she "gets bored" (her words not mine). At about the 3 minute mark she tried to get me on top, I asked her to continue the bj. I enquired if she does bbbj to which she said no. 

A few more minutes of bj and I thought I'd best get on top. I'm sorry to say she was a textbook starfish, not getting involved at all. She's also rather "loose" downstairs, so I just pumped as hard as I could to finish. It didn't take long as there was no thought of holding back to try to prolong things etc. 

Once finished a shower was offered which I declined, I dressed and departed. Was back in my car exactly 25 minutes after getting out of it. 

I shall not be back and I'd suggest you save your money gents.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 28th January 2014, 12:07 AM
Poster ID: Dr Strangelove
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
A copy of Mia's current ad's on cracker...

sexy mia loves her job n loves to party

Hi guys you have mia here I am in my 30's but feel much younger at heart I am a party girl who knows how to have fun. 

Im from Nz with a hungarian background, tall, long dark hair and seductive brown eyes curvy size 14 curves in all the right places 5"10 bust. 12B 

I offer full service in a private location in wentworthville which includes massage, body slides, mutual oral. I have a few toys but feel free to bring yr own. Im happy to discuss extras. 

$70 short stay 
$100half 
$180 hr 
These rates are correct as of the 21/01/14 
Please bring the correct change or you'll have to leave it as a tip for my outstanding service. 

No private numbers, they are blocked 
NO CIM COF 

Incalls and Outcalls minimum 1 hour for Outcall 
Available 24/ 7 



SHORT STAY SPECIAL BBW MIA $70 PARRAMATTA FULL SERVICE

Im in a good mood so im happy to see any of you guys that just want a quickie!! The short stay does not include a massage. 
Everything you need to know should be in this ad so no need for the endless texts asking the same questions....I wont reply. 
Im in Wentworthville just behind the wentworthville swimming pools, yes its not far from the station. I work from a private apartment.
Just text or call me to tell me yr on on yr way and i will send you the address. 
Im happy to discuss extras when you arrive. 
I will not send face pics or any extra pics, ok? 
The short stay is approx 15 mins 
Im still happy to provide a longer service. 
$70 Short stay 
$100 1/2 hour 
$180 1hr



Mia in Wentworthville

Hi guys you have mia here I am in my 30's but feel much younger at heart I am a party girl who knows how to have fun. 

Im from Nz with a hungarian background, tall, long dark hair and seductive brown eyes curvy size 14 curves in all the right places 5"10 bust. 12B 

I offer full service in a private location in wentworthville which includes massage, body slides, mutual oral. I have a few toys but feel free to bring yr own. Im happy to discuss extras. 

$70 short stay 
$100half 
$180 hr 
These rates are correct as of the 21/01/14 
Please bring the correct change or you'll have to leave it as a tip for my outstanding service. 

No private numbers, they are blocked 
NO CIM COF 

Incalls and Outcalls minimum 1 hour for Outcall 
Available 24/ 7



SHORT STAY SPECIAL BBW MIA $70 PARRAMATTA

Hey,its Mia in Wentworthville. Im in a good mood so im happy to see any of you guys that just want a quickie!! I offer a professional service, but when Im in the mood I've been known to bend a few rules. If you wanna party with me or relax Ill go with flow. 
The BIG SECRET guys is the nicer you are to me , the nicer I am to you. 
Im in Wentworthville just behind the swimming pools, yes its not far from the station. I work from a private apartment. 
I have a Nz Hungarian background, Long Brunette Hair, 5'10, size 14 Bust C 
There are no extras included in this service but im happy to discuss this when you arrive. No cim cof, private numbers 
Im still happy to to provide a longer service. 
1/2 hr $100 
1 hr $180



BOOBS AND BOOTY BBW PARRAMATTA $100 HALF HOUR
FULL SERVICE 

$100 1/2hr $180 1hr Short stay $70 

Sexy BBW Mia provides erotic massage, body slide and the opportunity to indulge. 

Curvey size 14, 5'10" bust 38b 39yrs, New Zealand Hungarian background 

I work from a private residence in Wentworthville, about 7 mins walk from the station. 



IM NOT YR GRILFRIEND OR A PORNSTAR. IM MIA, LIKE MY PICS? THEN READ MY AD

I AM 39, A NEW ZEALANDER WITH A HUNGARIAN BACKGROUND BRUNETTE. SIZE 14, C CUP BUST, 5'10'. I WORK FROM A PRIVATE APARTMENT IN WENTWORTHVILLE. I OFFER FULL SERVICE, I DO LIKE TO ENJOY MY WORK. I AM TOLD I SUCK A MEAN **** MY SERVICE IS FUN AND FRIENDLY. I OFFER GREEK AS AN EXTRA.MY RATES ARE $70.00 SHORT STAY, $100.00 HALF $180.00 HOUR. I WORK TILL THE EARY HOURS AND DO LIKE TO PARTY. I THINK THAT COVERS EVERYTHING. CALL ME IF YOU WANT TO BOOK.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 28th January 2014, 10:46 AM
Poster ID: sanjay69r
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Doctor - you are a brave man for taking the fall on this one.

Thank you for your unfortunate experience as it saves us all a few quid for another girl 

Sorry to hear about your time but well done mate


Floor: #4
Post Time: 29th January 2014, 02:10 AM
Poster ID: chimera
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Same as above Dr sorry to hear it was like it was could be wrong ad says Wentworthville area so possible that the Mia,Fiona and Lexi???? all use same apartment.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 29th January 2014, 09:05 AM
Poster ID: Dr Strangelove
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I've not seen Fiona or Lexi. Whilst its not impossible, I did get the impression Mia lived there. I could be mistaken though.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 29th January 2014, 09:07 AM
Poster ID: Dr Strangelove
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks gents, but I really have to take some of the blame, it's rare that you will have someone who gives a good service who sees a client for the first time post midnight. Plus I didn't see the "party girl" ads till afterwards, I should have researched more.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 20th February 2014, 10:11 PM
Poster ID: joker2750
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Mia

 Establishment : Private at Wentworthville

 Date of Visit : Feb 2014

 Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0416582064

 Hours of Business : available most hours

 Rates : Advertised as $70/short time, $100/30, $180/60

 Age : advertised as 39, seems correct. 

 Size/shape : size 14-16, dark hair, B-C cups, fully shaven. 

 Nationality or Ethnicity : advertised as NZ & Hungarian mix

 Services Provided : BJ, FS, and more, read below

 Value for money/recommend? : Yes 

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

I saw Mia about the 6th or 7th Feb in the afternoon after taking a look on Cracker for PWL in the Parramatta area, as I was passing through and felt the need.  Must admit that she wasn't my first choice, but others were unavailable when I called.

She works out of a private unit in Wentworthville behind the pools.  Clean and tidy so it's all good.

I agree with my fellow punter in that Mia is somewhere between being a larger girl and a BBW, so when I first saw her she didn't jump out at me as being a BBW or particularly attractive but I thought that she was OK and she was pleasant enough, so I stayed.  

She asked me how long I wanted to stay and I told her that I had $150 so how-ever long that got me was fine.  Deal done, off to the shower which was all good.

Returned to the room and she laying naked on the bed already, giving herself a rub as she was watching porn on the TV. I started to have a bit of laugh with her and joke and general chit chat as I joined her on the bed and she quickly applied some 'homemade lube' (her words) on me and started to jerk me off before putting a dom in her mouth and putting it on me.  The CBJ was pretty good, but the porn was distracting me cause it was crap.  So I asked her to turn it off or if she had anything else.  Now this is where things become slightly interesting!

She reached over to the bedside table where she had a wireless computer mouse.  She clicked on the mouse to reveal screens of porn movies on her laptop.  Way more than 1 person should have.  She started going through them saying how good some were and what were her favourites etc, stopping at one of her Rocco Siffredi specials, telling me she loves watching anal porn and loves anal - hello where did that come from? and that anal was an extra $50 if I was interested.

All of a sudden I become really interested and the whole mood changes and she is really starts to get into the CBJ whilst we both watch Rocco slamming some 18 year old Euro girl in the arse!

Then just as suddenly she hops up into doggie position whilst facing the TV and tells me to put it inside her.  OK, works for me.  As Im doing her from behind she is rubbing herself the whole time whilst watching the porn.  I'm generally a fan of the anal indulgence and all intentions of going there, although this time I became un-interested, not sure why and can't pin point it, just wasn't so I didn't ask either.  It may have had something to do with the fact that the arses on the TV were from some hot size 8, 18 year old euro's and the one that I was holding onto, well...wasn't.

With that in mind, I moved from doggie to try something else, but instead she went back for the CBJ whilst still playing with herself in doggie position WTF?  I was getting close, so I quickly pulled off the dom and hopped up to cum on her arse cheek.  I grabbed a couple of tissues to wipe it as it began to drip and she is still playing with herself telling me that she is nearly about to come.  A minute or 2 later, whilst Im sitting there doing nothing, there is a slight whimper and she is done too ???  Off to the shower I go.  I come back, she has a towel around her, exchange a few pleasantries and I'm shown the door with a kiss and thanks for coming!

Overall, she wasn't the most attractive girl, but I though that she was fun and friendly, pretty cool, easy going with me and didn't care too much for time as by the time I got out of my car to getting back into it, an hour and 25 had passed.

I guess that different guys will get on better with different girls and one thing that works with one may not work with another, it's just how things go.  

At the end of the day, what you get from the WL is equal to what you put in.  Treat them with a bit of decency and respect and it comes back to you in the service they provide.  That's the way I see it anyway.

Hate to quantify my visit with a score, but here it is;

Looks 7/10
Attitude 6/10 to start but went to and 8/10 by the end
CBJ 7/10
FS 7/10, Not sure if I should give more or less for her concerted effort to flick the bean?
Overall 7/10
Body 6/10, but she seems really cool in her own skin.


Floor: #8
Post Time: 21st February 2014, 12:43 PM
Poster ID: james31
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Nice review Joker, I would definitely get off slamming her in the arse while she is rubbing her twat watching anal porn, works for me !   Now if only you had cum on her arse and she let it run down her crack to her her fingers and then she rubbed it over her clit while she was still getting herself off and that would have been perfect.


