Floor: #1
Post Time: 9th July 2017, 08:46 PM
Poster ID: BuddyBaker
Post Title: 
 Mia from Malaysia in Rosehill 0404599230   **FAKE AD/GIRL SWITCH?**
				
Post Content: 
The  photos in this ad were quite stunning:

Naughty Malaysia babe really need you Fuck and have fun with you - Sydney escorts - cracker.com.au

Tineye found some matches but those websites were all in Chinese so I can't tell whether or not it was legitimate, however, I did turn up.

The girl who openened the fron door was not Malaysian, but she did say here name was "Mia".   When pressed later shed said she was from Japan. 

Also the phone number she replied to me on is different from the one I originally texted to, and that number does match an ad for a Japanese girl. 

Also there was a second girl in the unit, but I was ushered out after my visit quickly, but would be very surprised if either girl matches the photos. 

However, the Japanese version of Mia was quite cute so I went through with the punt, review to follow in separate post. 

Just note, I don't think any of us will get the Malaysian girl matching these photos!

BB


Floor: #2
Post Time: 15th July 2017, 06:07 PM
Poster ID: CunningLinguist
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
When I read that add my alarm bells went off, it is obviously not the girl writing it and just sounds silly:




			
				hi guys

My name is Mia who is famous for my soft skin and sweet demeanor, even though I still love getting railed until it hurts. As you can see from my photos, I am a size 8 with long hair, no tattoos or piercings and a generous 34D/24/36 body with an ass to die for! That’s not all, because like every good sexy slut, I've got a pussy you’d kill to taste. Some guys would even walk barefoot across broken glass just to hear my snatch queef over a walkie-talkie. That’s because I enjoy sporting that tasty part. Bury your face in my smooth, milky thighs… you want to lick it all day and smell my sex fumes


Floor: #3
Post Time: 16th July 2017, 12:30 AM
Poster ID: hard
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I'm always amused by the extent to which an agency or a private's pimp will go to extol the virtues of a new arrival or girls under management. Walk over broken glass? Yeah, right 

Professed fame, best-ever, hottest, prettiest, sexiest, do-anything and other attributes must always be taken with bags of salt. It's a marketing exercise ffs. With the volume of industry talent available, the task of getting a top listing means anything goes when trying to gain bookings. Photos particularly, while once de rigueur, must now be subject to scrutiny... along with the creative descriptors.

In the end, experience and a modicum of nous when assessing advertising might generate a TOFTT opportunity. Those that grab it are the true punters.

As always, YMMV


Floor: #4
Post Time: 8th August 2017, 07:45 PM
Poster ID: Punterang
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Damn should've searched the number before booking...

Person's Name : Laura

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :
0404 599 230
????????? ???????????????????????????????????????????? - Australia escorts - backpage.com.au
Apartment in Parramatta

Date of Visit : Monday 31 July 2017

Rates : $120/30mins

Age : mid 20s

Size/shape : Carrying a little extra, handful of boobs, shaved

Nationality or Ethnicity : HK I believe

Services Provided : CBJ, CFS

Value for money/recommend? : Cheap but imo I wouldn't see Laura again

My experience/comments :

I was perusing Backpage for something interesting and stumbled upon an ad for Yuna. TinEye and Google Image searches did not raise any immediate alarms so I thought I would take a chance. Booking was easy via text and I was on my way for a 30 mins session.

Laura was at an apartment in Parramatta north of the river and I managed to find parking on a parallel street. Upon arrival, Laura was definitely not Yuna: Laura looked like she is from HK or China and quite a bit more weight than the photos. I decided to go ahead so I could write a review.

After a quick shower, I returned to the bedroom. Laura stripped revealing her handful and joined me on the bed. She offered BBBJ for a little extra but I settled for CBJ (not sure how much extra). I'm glad I settled as there was quite a bit of teeth but it still felt damn good. 

The CBJ didn't last long and she asked whether I wanted to be ontop, which I agreed to. She did allow a little finger play but she indicated it was time to fuck. She was fairly tight but there was quite a bit of FOAMing at the start. The FOAMing did seem to peter out though.

Despite there been a little bit of extra time there was no offer of a massage and I didn't press the issue. Seems like its mostly a blow and go if you have a 30 minutes session? Laura did let me rest a bit before offering another massage.

On the way out, I saw another girl who looked quite a bit better than Laura but I didn't think it was the Yuna on the ad. I didn't catch her name though and left around 30 minutes after the session started.

Laura said she was available Mondays and some Wednesdays and Fridays but I don't think I would see her again.


