Floor: #1
Post Time: 29th September 2017, 05:52 PM
Poster ID: Redal59
Post Title: 
 Michelle/Julia - Rhodes
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Michelle/Julia

Establishment : private apartment in Rhodes

Date of Visit : 29/9/17

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : ???Julia in Rhodes now???AnAL special - Sydney escorts - cracker.com.au

Hours of Business : varies

Rates : $200/hr

Age : 30ish

Size/shape : 8

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : GFE, FS, Anal (depends), BBBJ (depends) 

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : 

So have been on the hunt for girls offering anal that don't charge the earth.  

Came across various ad for girls based in Rhodes.  Many of the younger girls advertised seemed like suspicious ads from agencies.  Came across an ad for a slightly older lady named Michelle on cracker.  Spur of the moment decision shot off a text and soon got a reply and before I knew it a booking made for Today (Friday).  The morning of I sent a text to confirm before heading out and received a reply from a different number saying that her phone wasn't working.  So some small alarm bells but decided to push ahead all the same.  

As it was I ended up in Rhodes at literally the exact same address as I went to see Tanya last week.  The only difference this time I was in the very next room on the other side of a curtain in the middle of the hallway.  

Anyway as it was, I was welcomed by a lovely Thai lady grabbed a shower and we got into it.  She had quite a nice figure with some of the most natural looking and feeling fake tits I've ever seen.  For those who are picky her face is hardly model material but actually for me she was better looking after a shower and with less make up anyway.  Things started off slightly awkwardly for me as she was almost attacking me with how hard she kissed etc.  I rolled with it. No BBBJ initially but I wasn't bothered we had plenty of time in a 3 hour booking.  
So into various positions, cowgirl, missionary doggie, froggie.  She seemed to enjoy them all and strangely enough much like Tanya last week out come a small vibe that she used on her clit to help things along.  

Despite the awkward start things got better and better throughout the session with some chit chat in between rounds.  She's been here a few years it seems but like Tanya has only recently got into the industry though she's done massage for years it seems (and she's pretty good at it too).  

Despite her comments about how large I was I tentatively asked whether anal was on the menu (despite having confirmed via text and paid the extra it's not something I like to automatically assume).  Thankfully she agreed and we took it easy.  She did seemed to get into some though she skillfully navigated it so I wasn't going to deep or fast (fair enough too).  Loved it and the final round too.  By then end there was even more playing and teasing but I assured her that I didn't have the energy for a 4th round.  

Overall great value, I didn't get the impression of a lot of fake moaning or anything though ymmv as with everything.  

Finally the ad I've linked is not the exact ad I first saw but the pictures are some of the same ones and the number is the number she ended up using this morning.  I suspect both her and Tanya working out of the same apartment are both with some kind of agency but can't be 100% sure.  

I paid $650 for 3 hours including anal but I can't say for certain what the rates will be for all or the policy on extras.


