Thread Title: Miho - Sydney CBD - 0434 113 973
Floor: #1
Post Time: 2nd March 2017, 09:34 PM
Poster ID: Richrichie
Post Title: 
 Miho - Sydney CBD - 0434 113 973
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Miho

Establishment : CBD Hotel Sydney

Date of Visit : Feb 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :??24yo Asian independent escort??Anal sex BBBJ CIM available Incall near Townhall?? - Sydney escorts - backpage.com.au 

Hours of Business : 

Rates : $600

Age : 30

Size/shape : slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Japanese

Services Provided : Full service, rimming, CIMWS, anal

Value for money/recommend? : Yes- a kind girl who really tries to please

My experience/comments :

I organised to meet Miho in the early afternoon. She arrived at the door right on time. We chatted for a while over a drink and got to know each other. She is a really sweet girl and in true Japanese fashion is eager to please and a little subservient.
She freshens up and comes out of the bathroom in her underwear. She has a great body and is a little shy to start. I take the lead and kiss her lips and move to her nipples which are really responsive  and she begins to get into it. I push her down to her knees and get her to unbuckle me. That's all the help she needs because as soon as she sees my cock she takes it in her mouth and begins a really nice BBBJ. After 5 minutes I start face fucking her gently and she tries really hard to deep throat, however  she's worried about throwing up I think and starts off really cautiously. I persist and eventually she starts to gag and spit on my cock. She has a pretty shallow throat so I take it pretty easy on her but it feels good and she tries really hard. I give her a turn and go for some DATY which she loves and makes very cute noises. After some really energetic fingering and clit licking she cums and needs a little rest.
I put on the dom and lube her up for some anal. She straddles the bed and I enter her back hole really slowly as she is tight and says it might hurt her. It feels good to be in her arse but every time I try to move and fuck her she says it hurts. We try taking it slowly but eventually I pull out as I don't enjoy watching her in pain. Into her pussy instead which is still wet. We change positions a few times and after some intense fucking i'm a ball of sweat and need rest. 
I get up on the dining table on all fours and get her to lick my arse which she eagerly does and every now and then inserts her finger which is a real treat. I stand up on a chair and she blows me again. I really want to smother her face in cum but I have a date tonight and want to save it for my friend. 
We clean up and say goodbye.

BTW - the date went well and yep she got a face full.


