Thread Title: Mika - Haymarket -0416 396 603
Floor: #1
Post Time: 15th December 2018, 03:29 PM
Poster ID: Resydney1
Post Title: 
 Mika - Haymarket -0416 396 603
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Mika

Establishment : Haymarket - Outcall

Date of Visit : 15/12/18

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 

https://m.locanto.com.au/sydney/ID_2...l-Service.html

Phone : 0416396603

Hours of Business : Not Sure

Rates :  $400 - Outcall - Full NAT Service

Age : 22?

Size/shape : Short/Slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Nat Full Service

Value for money/recommend? :  No

My experience/comments : Was looking for someone to visit my hotel after I had gone for a night out. I had never done this before and quite drunk so  I decided to text the number. Got a reply after 15 mins. Was looking for FULL Nat Service at my hotel. 
She responded asking for address and picture of room key. After that was provided she stated she could be there in 20 mins. She was..or at least someone was. It was not at all the girl pictured. Pictures looked stunning and was very keen to feel that warmth surrounding my cock. Go downstairs and it was not at all the girl in the photos, she was probably in early to mid 30s, boobs were small . She was friendly but did not speak much english. We head upstair I give her the money and she begins to disrobe. We have a shower together where she washes me, particular attention to my cock. 

We proceed to the bed, where I laid down  and she starts sucking  me. Now  I'll say this, while she wasnt who she said she was, the head was great!
We do 69 and apparently I must not give good head because she started giggling and says it tickles. Whatever, I'm drunk so I dont really pay it any mind

She enthusiastically asks me to fuck her, I say no, keep sucking. Eventually I want to bury myself in her. So she lays on her back and spreads her legs. She puts some lube on me and then grabs and puts me in. I wont lie, once I was in I forgot she wasnt the girl i wanted. I start pounding her pussy a bit too enthusiastically, because after 5 mins I blow most of my load inside her. She seemed a bit disappointed that I finished that quickly but too bad honestly because I wasnt exactly getting what I paid for. 

She asks me if I came inside her. I tell her I did, she miles and says thats good. Haha, highlight of the night.

At this point reality starts setting in and I realise that I'm really really stupid and didnt cover up with a woman who is not the woman pictured, and that I should get checked out if I suspect any symptoms . 

With this feeling in my gut, I tell her its ok to leave early. I need to smoke a cigarette and realise how stupid I am. 

Then I found this site to see if anyone has similar experiences with this lady.


