Thread Title: Mikka (Sydney outcall) ️0451 049 585 ...Mindblowing.
Floor: #1
Post Time: 17th February 2018, 01:51 AM
Poster ID: tritium
Post Title: 
 Mikka (Sydney outcall) ️0451 049 585 ...Mindblowing.
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Mikka

Establishment : Outcall

Date of Visit : 16/02/18

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : ?EXTREMELY FLEXIBLE ?PARTY?? ? American Sweetheart ?????0451049585 ???? Anal ???? - Sydney escorts - backpage.com.au

Hours of Business : 24hrs

Rates : $400/hr (incall); $450/hr (outcall)

Age : 21-25

Size/shape : Size 6, C cup, Athletic

Nationality or Ethnicity : American Brunette

Services Provided : FS, DFK, BBBJ, Anal/Greek

Value for money/recommend? : YES!!!

My experience/comments : 

After a long day at work, decided to trawl through backpage and cracker to see what was on offer. Despite a bit of a drought IMO in attractive talent in the last couple of weeks on the sites, the cats all came out to play on friday.

After narrowing my choices down to a shortlist of 3 ladies, Mikka was the most prompt in answering and offered the most attractive service package. As she only offers outcalls of 1 hour of more, I booked her for an hour and awaited her arrival. She was very swift in getting to my location and was immediately friendly and bubbly. Her photos do not at all do justice to her alluring beauty, in the words of Patrick Bateman, she "is almost perfect looking". There was no sign of any sort of mechanical service or a fake personality, she is very genuine and obviously loves her work.

I invited her up and poured us both a glass of wine whilst sorting out the payment (she offers payment by card with a portable EFTPOS machine which is very, very convenient!). She exudes sensuality and sexuality as we discuss what extras I'd like, and I pay up the $100 for anal, and $50 for kissing. Whilst most non-establishment escorts offer kissing as standard, when you see Mikka, you will definitely not hesitate in paying the fee: she is an absolute goddess!

After sorting out the finer details, we proceed into the bedroom, where she begins with a very very sensual DFK, slowly removing the clothes off of her and my bodies. After a very pleasurable standing DFK, she purrs "so... do you want to fuck me now?" in her classy American accent, as she lies down on the bed. I'm treated to the view of this tanned brunette beauty with a toned athletic body and immaculate pert breasts. I of course oblidge to her request, and I dom up and enter in missionary.

Mikka's pussy is the Goldilocks feeling, just right. I slide in and out with ease and pure ecstasy whilst she moans in pleasure. The sound of her sultry voice with the added spice of her accent only adds to the overwhelming sensation of the experience. 

It isn't too long before she asks "wanna fuck my ass now?".

"Yes please."

Mikka is the type of girl who absolutely loves anal. Whilst other ladies may insist on "go slow", Mikka just says "just ease in, and then we can rock and roll!". Barely 5 minutes pass by and I'm already pounding her ass hard in doggy whilst she submits herself to pure carnal pleasure. The view of her in a floor length mirror getting a good hard anal pounding is something I will not forget anytime soon!

After a few more positions, I pull out, Mikka cooly whips off the dom and starts sucking as if her life depended on it. It wasn't long at all before I let loose my first load on her beautiful, perfect C cups.

We adjourn for a drink and a short chat, before round 2 begins with myself lying down on the bed, and Mikka giving me an 11/10 BBBJ. Lying next to each other, Mikka fingers herself to an almighty orgasm whilst I bring myself closer to another load on her perfect breasts. With round 2 completed, our session drew to a close as I walked her out and had a quick chat to her downstairs.

I would have to say that in my experience, Mikka is by far and away the best WL I have ever seen. She has boundless enthusiasm, and exudes sexual pleasure. She is an absolute beauty to behold, yet has no pretensions. Her ability in the bedroom is unmatched, and her attitude towards her work is astoundingly positive.

Her add states that she won't be here for long, I would recommend anyone and everyone to book a time with her before she leaves so that you may experience this paragon of sensual pleasure.


