Thread Title: Miko Japanese Student 22 with D cup.
Floor: #1
Post Time: 25th August 2016, 04:48 PM
Poster ID: Signor Zorro
Post Title: 
 Miko Japanese Student 22 with D cup.
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Miko

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 22/08/16

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : ?????? New 22 young & lovely ???Japanese student with D Cup ??100% real pic ???Private apa - Sydney escorts - backpage.com Ph:0432 583 588

Hours of Business : ring and arrange

Rates : $250 FS cbj, $300 FS BBBj

Age : 22

Size/shape : Size 8, 36D cups about 5 ft. 

Nationality or Ethnicity : She claims Japanese, but I think Thai.

Services Provided : FS, BBBJ, DFK.

Value for money/recommend? : Yes, But I came too quick and got 2 shots off in 30minutes, so I guess I should have booked for half. 

My experience/comments : 
Saw her ad, and straight away the tits got me. I rocked up to the new apartment block in Burwood and was surrounded by hard hats at the foyer. One of the gents even allowed me into the foyer and helped me up the lift. Great view of the Northern Suburbs from there.
Knocked on the door and Miko answers.

BIG SURPRISE!!! IT WAS HER IN THE PHOTOS!

She is wearing a mini robe with her tits spilling out but just contained in her black bra. We organise finances and ask some questions about the service. I head to the shower and once out we embrace and DFK with hands going everywhere. 
I start heading south and kiss her neck, unbuckle her bra to release her puppies and proceed to suck her right tit. I note that this nipple is inverted compared to the left one which is quite pronounced. 
Miko then starts kneeling wanting to blow me, but I slow her down. I pick her up and her legs straddle me around my back. I love this position as I can lower her onto my cock for a bareback outside rub. She giggles at this. 
I throw her onto the bed and proceed to go down on her. 
She's unshaven.
Doh!
I hate that. 
I make a point to say: "Why dont you shave?" and she doesnt say anything but starts to bbbj me. She only puts her lips on little Z's head and does'nt do much else but a little jerk on the shaft with her hands. 
It felt quite good, but I did'nt want to cum just yet so I ask for a fuck. 
She puts the dom on and mounts me cowgirl. I continue to suck her tits while she rubbing up and down my pelvic bone. I again try  to slow her down and this was no use. A weeks load is emptied into the raincoat and she starts to laugh. 
As she cleans me up I start giving her a back massage. She responds and is relaxing on her stomach. In no time Little Z is awake again and dommed up for round 2.
I get into her in missionary and pound her for what its worth. I get another shot this time on her tits. 

I clean up and am out of there.

I better now not get another complaint about this quality of review from admins or I will not post again.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 25th August 2016, 11:12 PM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thai girls pretending to be japanese.  id much rather they pretend there brazilian.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 27th August 2016, 11:15 PM
Poster ID: CunningLinguist
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by brauninc


Thai girls pretending to be japanese.  id much rather they pretend there brazilian
"""



Because they take it up the arse ?


