Thread Title: Miko - Parramatta - 0412 853 040
Floor: #1
Post Time: 16th January 2015, 09:42 AM
Poster ID: sandsifter
Post Title: 
 Miko - Parramatta - 0412 853 040
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Miko

 Establishment : Private...Parramatta

 Date of Visit : Jan 2015

 Contact Details/Address/ 0412853040......Cracker ad....Parramatta

 Hours of Business : Good question

 Rates : $130 hr..massage + hj.......$160 1 hr..FS

 Age : 20

 Size/shape : Perfect tight body,pretty face,C cup natural breasts,small trimmed bush,

 Nationality or Ethnicity : Jap/Thai

 Services Provided : Massage,hj,cbj,fs

 Value for money/recommend? :Yes but not for everyone.

My experience/comments : Okay where do I begin?Now I had seen this ad on  Cracker for the last couple of weeks and first made contact last week  which is where it got quite difficult to arrange anything.According to  the ad no texts would be answered which can be a problem when trying to  get details so I rang.....no answer...tried a text...no reply....again I  rang a bit later and this time a girl answered who said couldn't talk  and only available after 4.00pm or weekends....

Okay will try again  another day which became this week and same problem getting an answer  but finally got through.Now this is where it became very erratic,where  she told me that she was studying at college but would be home at  4.00pm..okay see you at 4, what's your address as I'm a hours drive away  from Parramatta.....Pitt st,done see you then.Got there about 3.45pm  and waited till 4 before calling.....3 times no answer.....then I got a  call from another woman who told me Miko had missed the train and was  running late....how late?...maybe 25 mins.....was getting confused as  I'd been ringing the same mobile number but was talking to different  girls in different locations.

Anyway ended up waiting until 4.45pm before  I got a call to proceed to the premises.

On approaching the house which looked like it might be close to  demolition was greeted by a Chinese woman who took me through to the  back of the house to meet Miko and into a bedroom.Everything in the  house was a looking a little tired and worn(a bit like me)but Miko  looked a million dollars in skimpy one pieced red dress

Decided to go  for the $160 1 hr/FS as I don't really like massages on a bed ,much  prefer the tables plus wasn't sure how far I wanted to go with a first  timer.

Went for a shower and came back into the room and we both got  naked onto the bed.Man she felt and looked so good and I decided to  dictate things as I found she was rushing a bit with the hj.I decided to  give her a massage so I could enjoy and feel every inch of her  body.What an ass ! My favorite body part when they're tight little  bubble butts.

When I was doing her front I began to have a general  conversation.Seems it was her first time at these premises and that she  lives in Sydney. I also have the feeling her name might not be Miko.In  fact I would think that whoever is running the joint calls whatever girl  can make it Miko.

Anyway decided to give her some daty as I've always loved that side of  foreplay.She came as her nipples became erect and seem to enjoy it but  you never know?I certainly did,sweet as a peach !

It was then my time to get some attention and she rubbed my cock hard  and a little fast for my liking so I had to reign her in a bit at which  point she dommed me up and started to suck more life into me(or is it  out of me?)Again a little rushed but not bad just needed a little more  coaching.

After a while she decided to impale herself onto me and get  into a grinding rhythm.She was tight and I thought there and then I  ain't gonna lost long.Thar she blows !

Bugger I felt like a first timer  and apologized for coming so quick but hey do they really care?So never  got to doggy that ass as time was up and I was having another shower and  out the door.

Not my finest hour but I wasn't the one being paid.

Might have to look up some of Searay's grannys for some slacker entrances.

Would I go back probably not as she was young but I'm more at ease with  the more mature ones and I guess they are with me which makes the whole  adventure more enjoyable.I'm sure the younger(and older) guys on here  would enjoy her,especially for the price.

Also hope you don't get the same dramas of making an appointment as I did?


Floor: #2
Post Time: 16th January 2015, 10:46 AM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Miko's Cracker ad, Japanese Miko Parramatta. $70. ???? - Parramatta | Adult services | Erotic | Cracker






Japanese Miko Parramatta. $70. ????
(this ad originated from outside australia)

Price: $70.00
Location: Parramatta
Viewed: 1093
Date Posted: 08/01/2015
Ad ID: 404492997

Unable to Render Image Unable to Render Image

Hi my name is Miko.
I am a very sweet 18yr old Japanese girl.
I am new to Parramatta area.

I provide nude body to body massage and full service.
I look forward to see you.
You wouldn't be disapointed.

My prices are,

Body to body massage

$70 / 30 min.
$130 / 1 hour.

Full service,

$100 / 30 min.
$160 / 1 hour.

Please come and visit me.

CALLER ID MUST BE ON.
NO PRIVATE NUMBERS OR TEXT MESSAGES WILL BE ANSWERED.

kisses Miko
contact seller
Phone: 0412853040


Floor: #3
Post Time: 16th January 2015, 11:29 AM
Poster ID: sandsifter
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
That's the ad but not sure if the girl in the picture was the Miko I saw but not complaining as they are both easy on the eye.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 22nd January 2015, 03:55 PM
Poster ID: sandsifter
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Noticed these on cracker all with the same number as Miko.So I guess it's not quite the private working lady.Someone must be doing all the subbying out I guess?

Attractive Japanese Girl & Thai Ladyboy in Parramatta...??? - Parramatta | Adult services | Erotic | Cracker
Cute, Sexy, Playful Thai Lady in Parramatta..??? - Parramatta | Adult services | Erotic | Cracker
Sexy Thai Ladyboy in Parramatta..??? $70 - Parramatta | Adult services | Erotic | Cracker

Not sure if these will link admin?

Anybody come across Tiffany-Thai ladyboy?


Floor: #5
Post Time: 23rd January 2015, 09:01 AM
Poster ID: indiana66
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Anybody come across Tiffany-Thai ladyboy?[/QUOTE]

Ha! No pun intended?


Floor: #6
Post Time: 27th January 2015, 10:38 AM
Poster ID: rubbertoe
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by indiana66


Anybody come across Tiffany-Thai ladyboy?

Ha! No pun intended
"""



I responed to Tiffany's cracker ad via email, in which I asked her to send a pic of her holding a copy of a local daily newspaper, needless to say there was no reply 

The pics used in her cracker ad have been lifted from this Brazilian model website...
Laila - Acompanhante de São Paulo - SP

RT


Floor: #7
Post Time: 2nd July 2015, 01:57 PM
Poster ID: SeaRay
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
0412853040 seams to be used by several Whores / Lady Boys / Massage Ladies in Merrylands and the latest women using the number on Cracker is KARLA a 40 year old from BURMA who has photos of herself in a nice little slutty dress and after reading the thread, I was wondering if it was at the run down house at 17 Pitt St Merrylands ? where I have fucked a Post Opp Tranny then her Male Friend sucked my Doodle but the Cross Dresser in a dress & wig was revolting, any here is her advert.

SEXY ASIAN LADY, for massage... - 40
Hello Gentlemen. Thank you for taking the time to look at and read my profile.
My name is Karla and I am from Burma. I am a mature lady in my mid 40's.
I offer full nude fantasy body massage with hand relief.
It is a private situation strictly by appointment only.
I do not except bookings by text message or sms.
All bookings must be made in person by phone call and remember to have your caller ID on so that I know you are genuine 
I am slim, size 8, 160cm tall with smooth dark tan skin. I have long dark silky hair, busty with a lovely smile.
I offer you a truly relaxing time with a sensual full body massage.
My price for nude body massage with happy ending, hand relief is $70 for 30 minutes, and $120 for 1 hour nude body massage with hand relief.
You wouldn't be disappointed.  Looking forward to hearing from you.
I only take appointments by phone call. You must have your CALLER ID switched on when you ring so that I can call you back to confirm your booking. 
Phone 0412853040 
Poster's age: 40
Location: West Sydney, Merrylands


Floor: #8
Post Time: 3rd July 2015, 07:00 PM
Poster ID: Probe
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I think you're right Seeray, Karla was the name of the "receptionist" on Pitt st when I went a few times about 5 to 10 years ago. She fits the description, a great set of enhanced d's and nice outies!! Whenever I called asking for GS she said that she would have to do it because none of the girls would. I had some great sessions with her and a couple of not so good ones. You had to get her in the right mood. Sometimes she could be mechanical and short time you others she could be a great wild time. She would have a big plastic sheet she'd bring into the room for GS. One time I booked for an hour, after 40 mins she invited another girl in and asked if I wanted her to join in for an extra $50, I asked about the time and Karla said "don't worry about that. I spent another 40 minutes or so with one on my face and one on my cock. 
Funnily enough I called her old number last Sunday when I was looking for a LB ( ended up with Olivia in Parra, posted on AXR) as she'd offered LB before, but she said it was only her today and she had an appointment soon.
 I've blown my punting budget in the last moth, otherwise I'd Try to see. Maybe in a few weeks


Floor: #9
Post Time: 4th July 2015, 03:07 PM
Poster ID: Punterang
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Karla has some ads on backpage with the same number but there were a lot of hits when I reverse image searched the photos.


Floor: #10
Post Time: 27th August 2015, 05:19 PM
Poster ID: SeaRay
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Phone 0412853040 relates to a THAI run mini Whore House of THAI Hookers M2M & Lady boys @ 17 Pitt Street Parramatta or 17 Pitt Street Merrylands
I'll start a new Thread on the address


