Thread Title: Milla - Parramatta NSW - 0410 299 692
Floor: #1
Post Time: 28th December 2013, 06:30 PM
Poster ID: Visordown
Post Title: 
 Milla - Parramatta NSW - 0410 299 692
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Milla

Establishment : CBD/Parramatta

Date of Visit : 20/12/12

Contact Details/Address/Link:  ***** Hot S E X Y MILLA IN PARRAMATTA - Parramatta | Escort / adult | Erotic | Cracker Roster

Hours of Business : Saw her around 7pm

Rates : $450 an hour

Age : looked around the 28

Size/shape : C cup, close to D - Awesome body-

Nationality or Ethnicity : English

Services Provided : BBBJ, Kissing, Doggy, Missionary, COB

Value for money/recommend? : Yes, expensive though.

My experience/comments :

Okay, so I have seen her before when she was working in the CBD. 

Pictures are not real and she is from England. Even though they are not real, i have to say she was amazing and for some reason i had to come back and see her. She has kept a vivid image in my head and I just had to go back one more time.

She was sweet, and had a sexy english accent. She greeted me in a tight black dress and from behind you could just see her awesome ass wanting to pop out of that dress. She knew i was looking so as she was getting me some wine she turned around and lifted her dress a tad and turn around with a cheeky smile.

After a little small talk and exchange of agreement I took to the shower and she was in the room waiting for me. When i got out she was in a cute little lingerie with barely anything on.

She went down with BBBJ and boy it was a nice sight, she was one of the rough types and i just loved that.

Next thing is next she slipped on the condom and jumped on. Boy, those C close to D cups bouncing ontop of me was a view i did not want to let go. I remembered looking at the mirror and seeing her like that and i just wanted to fuck her harder.

She turned over and it was my turn, heaps of kissing and fucking and i just loved watching her face moan and groan. There is something about the english accent that turned me on so much.

So back to her ontop and another couple of mins i blew my load. We had a quick chat, went to have my shower and that was it.

I will be seeing her again, she is abit pricey but i dont know. Its something bout her.

Cheers.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 28th December 2013, 07:31 PM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Milla's Cracker ad,

"***** Hot S E X Y MILLA IN PARRAMATTA
(this ad originated from outside australia)

Price: $300.00
Location: Parramatta
Viewed: 1862
Date Posted: 23/12/2013
Ad ID: 404108331

Unable to Render Image Unable to Render Image

Hello there,

Come snuggle with me and enjoy time with a sweet, fun-loving and intelligent girl. I am the perfect companion to show you an amazing, pleasure-driven girlfriend experience. I have a young and vibrant personality, but I’m also mature for my age. I’m very playful and I love to laugh! Spending time with me will definitely make you feel young again.


I am appealing both intellectually and physically. I’m tall and curvy with soft, natural breasts, a slim waist, beautiful face, kissable lips, and long, dark hair. I am the dream girl for any distinguished man looking for an Blonde beauty.


Specializing in Dinner Dates and erotic exploration.
As you can see my sexy CURVES are enticing. I love to ornament my body with sexy lingerie that I would love to model some for you.


Please select a rendezvous from below. If you'd like to ask me out on a date, please send me an email or call me. That's a required step before meeting me. Keep in mind that I do not discuss anything explicit via email or over the phone!


I can't wait to meet you!


Kisses,

Milla


1 full hour: 450
1.5 hours: 750 (Ideal for our first date)
2 full hours: 900
4hr $1700
10hr $3800


Affectionate touching
French
Sensual touching
Golden Showers*
Fetishes
2 girls/1 guy*
Sexy Lingere
Cross Dressing
Toys on me
Mutual masturbation
Full sensual massage
Light B&D*
Costumes
Role Play
Light Spanking
striptease
Toys on you
Foot Fetishes
Sensual Body Slide
Stockings/fishnets & Suspenders


PLUS MORE EXTRAS


I am available by appointment only so if you would like to reserve a time get in touch early to ensure we get some time together!



stats



24yo

5 4"

size 8

blue eyes

C bust "


