Thread Title: Millie - Darlinghurst - 0410 737 600
Floor: #1
Post Time: 26th March 2013, 03:56 PM
Poster ID: tandy
Post Title: 
 Millie - Darlinghurst - 0410 737 600
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Millie

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : March 2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0410737600

Hours of Business : days

Rates : $180/ hour

Age : late 30s

Size/shape : Petite and I mean tiny

Nationality or Ethnicity : Hong Kong

Services Provided : FS

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all  of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a  picture of time spent and experience had.)





Found Millie on Cracker.  2 ads one called the Charming Phoenix and the other the Venus.

Here is a copy of one:

Hi gentlemen,

I'm  a mature Asian lady in my mid 30's, who knows what men need to feel not  only physically but mentally and spiritually satisfy!

I have a  petite size 6 body, 150cm tall and weighted 40kgs. My breasts size is  32B - just the right size on the right body and undoubtedly good  looking. I wear medium long black hair going with my cheerful face,  underneath my silky smooth skin am my firm and toned body together with  my great legs are awaiting your caress.

I have a warm passionate  personality and speak fluent English to make your visit a true girl  friend experience. Hugs and kisses and mutual pleasure are available.

My  private place in the Sydney city is clean and comfortable. Street  parking is available and on all major transport routes of bus and train  which make your visit no hassle.

I look forward to meeting you.

Millie xxx

Rate:
Massage: 80/half hour, 110/3 quarter hour, 140/1 hour.
Full service: 120/half hour, 150/3 quarter hour, 180/1 hour.
Out  calls at your hotels in the city and vicinity are available at the rate  including transport at $200/half hour and $250/1 hour.

P.S. SHOULD I MISS YOUR PHONE CALL, PLEASE SEND ME A TEXT MESSAGE AND I WILL RESPOND SOONEST POSSIBLE.




My experience

Had  to visit Sydney and decided I would punt.  SMS fist - all OK.  Phoned  when outside for exact location.   Visited her in Darlinghurst short  walk from Museum Station.

Tiny girl in late  30s.  Slim, not an once of fat on her but not all super muscles  either.  Small boobs but I like those - I am a "more than a handful's  wasteful" guy.

Quick shower and she took off her small bra and panties.  Shaved pussy but it turned out to be a bit scratchy.

A  bit of kissing and feeling and gradually her hand went to my groin and  mine to hers.  Gentle stroking and I was hard and she was wet.  I  continued with touching her and she lay back.  I felt her clit swell (I  do like that) and after a while I moved down to lick her.  Soon I was  munching away and she was moaning.  Her clit was very large under my  tongue but her stubble was a bit scratchy.  She eventually bucked quite a  bit.  May not have come but it was quite convincing if she didn't.

I  continued to finger her as she rolled toward me and took me in her  mouth. Gentle licking and sucking for a while before we both seemed to  decide it was time to fuck at about the same time.  Dom on and eased  into her missionary.  She felt so tiny it was incredible.  Gentle fuck  and then changed to spooning for a while before pounding her hard doggy  until I filled the condom.

She massaged me a while while to caught my breath and then the hour had flown.

If you like very small Asian women Millie is for you.

I think I'll probably be back


Floor: #2
Post Time: 27th March 2013, 07:36 PM
Poster ID: drworm
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
just found her ad on cracker , does she look like the pics ?


Floor: #3
Post Time: 4th April 2013, 07:57 AM
Poster ID: tandy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Quite like the pictures but I think they are not recent.


