Thread Title: Mimi - Glebe - 0451 831 387
Floor: #1
Post Time: 14th January 2011, 02:49 PM
Poster ID: seanant
Post Title: 
 Mimi - Glebe - 0451 831 387
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Mimi

Establishment: Private escort. Advertised on www.cracker.com.au (see http://cracker.com.au/sydney-inner-s...urn=1&pageno=3)  

Contact Details/Address: sydneynico@hotmail.com or 0451831387

Hours of Business: N/A

Prices: $350 p/h full service

Age: 32+

Size/shape: very thin, medium height, absolutely no breasts

Nationality or Ethnicity: Asian

Services: Full service. Do not know whether she offers natural french, greek or kissing. 

Value for money/recommend?: Complete rip off. Not recommended. 

My experience/comments:

I was scouring cracker.com.au for a good escort to visit. I came across Mimi's advertisement, as she is clearly the prettiest youngest Asian shown on the website. I called the number, which was answered by an Asian male. I asked if the pictures of Mimi were genuine and was told yes they were. I confirmed this two more times. In truth I didn't expect the pictures to be genuine (they were too good to be true). I was told the premises weren't that far away. I took a cab to the apartment address which ended up being in a remote part of Glebe. I was met by a man who took me into the apartment. He opened the door to a bedroom and inside was a woman sitting on a bed in almost complete darkness. She had the vaguest similarity to the photographs on Cracker in the complete darkness. I paid my $350, knowing that I was being ripped off, but also so desperately horny I didn't care. On closer inspection it was clear the woman was into her 30s (there was no "angel-like baby face" as claimed on Cracker!). Very thin, with a tiny bust. I asked if I could take her clothes off, which I proceeded to do. I was completely shocked when I took off her padded bra and discovered that she had no bust whatsoever. Just two ridiculously long thin nipples that came out of a completely flat chest. Certainly not the C cup advertised on her profile!! At this point I was worried in case she was a TS, so I quickly took off her panties. Checked out her vagina, which was definitely a natural pussy - and in fact very neat and attractive as far as pussies go. She had a bit of trimmed pubes around it, but very little. She was mostly shaven. I had been saving myself up especially for Mimi (based on how perfect the photos were) so I hadn't masturbated in two days. I was horny as hell and decided that I may as well make the most of things and get a blow job. It was a CBJ (natural wasn't offered and I wouldn't have accepted it). I asked her to stick her pussy in my face while she sucked me off. It really was a neat, pretty little pussy. Because I was so horny I started thinking that I may as well take the opportunity to experience something really kinky here. I decided to inhale her pussy. But strangely there was no smell at all. I reached for her panties which were lying on the bedside table and started to sniff them (you can tell how horny I was!). No smell whatsoever. It was like they were freshly out of the dryer. I told her I wanted to rub her panties in her pussy, and started to masturbate her through the panties which I held in my hand, and also started to stuff the panties a little up her pussy. I couldn't believe it, but still couldn't smell any kind of sexual odour. In the mean time her blow job felt amazing. She was taking it so deeply and licking and nibbling the shaft of my cock. It was incredible. I guess she's had (many many) years of experience! She must have sucked me off for about 25 minutes. I almost never last this long and don't know how I did when I was so horny. I eventually blew my load and there was more cum in my condom that I had ever seen in my entire life - even as a teenager. She remarked on how much cum there was. She also seemed a little bit disappointed that I didn't want to fuck her. She said "you don't make love?". I said no. Had a shower and left (they had prearranged a cab for me). I know I was ripped off, but the combination of my extreme horniness, the fact that it was such a good blow job, and the fact that I managed to squirt half a bucket-full of the stickiest cum I ever remember squirting (well, half a test tube, let's say) made me feel pleased about the whole experience.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 14th January 2011, 08:52 PM
Poster ID: andrewblake
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
sorry to hear of your experience and time.. guess you toftt and helped others in there punting quest..

well done on the review but there are plenty more pwls which cater to what you seek.. good luck in your next quest!

ab


Floor: #3
Post Time: 18th January 2011, 04:14 PM
Poster ID: tp131271
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Howdy Seanant,

I feel you pain my friend. Not to long ago I found myself in exactly the same position as you,,, in exactly the same place. I had called about some stunner that frankly, I also knew was not real,, but the little head does the thinking in this situations and leads us all down the same trap. This guy tells you Pyrmont,, but leads you to an address in the arse-hole of Glebe,, which I dont understand myself but hey, I'm not a pimp. What blew me away was fact that he met me outside and led me to a room, where a meek, mild and timid Asian girl was sitting on a bed. Honestly, the first thing I thought of was how badly this girl needed a dentist,, how much I was just screwed, and not in the good way but then it dawned on me that this stinks like one of those illegal brothel things where the girl is forced to work,,, it just had that feeling about it. So,,, I didn't so much as remove my socks but chatted to the girl and asked her if this was the case ( She said No,, so I took off my socks and rode her ). But all in all, a terrible experience and a complete rip off. 

Now,, I looked up your Mimi and not one bit surprised that you found yourself heading off to Glebe for a ride. Easily seen as fake photos - girl is way to good looking and photos to high quality,, so I've decided to waste a solid hour today on baiting the pimp by txting for a booking with Mimi,, here goes ( and this is word for word real !! ) 

Mimi's Cracker add
http://cracker.com.au/sydney-inner-s...urn=1&pageno=1



All of this on txt msg,, not phone call
Tp1312 - Hi, love to arrange to see Mimi - is she available today ? Thanks
Pimp - ( 2 minutes later ) - Mimi - She available now. SMS us now to book and have a good time
TP - Great. Could I come in 30 minutes and what address ?
Pimp - Sure. Address is...
TP - So is she really the girl in the photos ? 
Pimp - Yes, Sure
TP - Really ? Becuase I'll be dissapointed if I get there and some ugly troll arrives at the door.
Pimp - No, real girl and photos. This is girl for you
TP - Does she have a University degree ?
Pimp - What ? You coming Now ?
TP - Well, to be honest, if I come, and if she is that good lucking, and if I ride her, I might want to marry her, and my mother told me to always make sure a girl is university qualified so she can carry her own weight in the workforce and I know it will break her heart when I tell her that I've married a prostitute being pimped by some guy who doesn't know the difference between Pyrmont and Glebe, so I want to make sure that at least I came tell Mom what she is University qualified.

Pimp - no reply yet - I guess he's checking her qualifications.


