Thread Title: Mimi 0455946246
Floor: #1
Post Time: 29th January 2019, 09:47 AM
Poster ID: distantfunk
Post Title: 
 Mimi 0455946246
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Mimi

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : Jan 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :. https://au.skokka.com/escorts/sydney...89st252132399/ 

Phone :..0455946246

Hours of Business : 11am-8pm

Rates : $250 for 60 min incall

Age : late 20s

size/shape: size 6 petite, slim body, E-F cup

nationality: Korean

service provided: Lip kiss, DATY, BBBJ, covered fs

Services Provided : Full service

Value for money/recommend? : No

My experience/comments : 

Was in town doing sone errands and during lunch I was getting excited seeing all the summertime eye candy. Browsed the usual E& B, Locanto etc. Was looking to see if Sandy or Coco were around. Landed on a skokka ad for Mimi. Sent a text to schedule booking for the next hour. Received a reply shortly after with address and instructions to be buzzed up to the apartment. Operates from the same place when I saw Sandy.

Arrived on time buzzed into the foyer (there is a reception as it's a serviced apartment).
Out of the lift and knocked on the door.

I'm sure the lady that greets you at the door is another pwl but today was caretaker. She led me to the master room. There I was intro'd to Mimi. She is a pretty lady and those tits - wowsers (photos are real and that's what got me to book) and I handed over the cash to the caretaker.

Mimi is a very quiet person not much of conversation. Had a quick shower myself and was ready to go. Helped Mimi remove the bikini and tried to initiate kissing, but only received light lip pecks. Ok no biggie, I laid on the bed and asked for no. She went to get a rubber but I wanted bbbj. She got extra wet wipes and wiped my cock down. 

Bbbj was ok although a bit one dimensional. No hands, just suction up and down. Her turn to lie on the bed. I skipped kissing and went to fondle those amazing tits. Really soft (felt all natural and not modded) tried to lick her nipples but she said too ticklish and used her hands to push my head away. Urrghhh ok so I make my way south to daty. She laid on the bed but had her knees in a semi closed position that wouldn't allow her to spread openly. Just enough room for my head. Her pubic region was trimmed, made light moaning noises but kept her knees in that position so manoeuvring was difficult even to the point she grabbed my hands tight and didnt allow me to move them, just my tongue. This wasn't going well. The noises were like little squeals and then she moved my head away again and said too sensitive. Fine, at this point with a semi I asked for more bbbj until I was hard enough. On with dom and started missionary. Again with the position of her legs and knees she restricted penetration. This session was going from bad to worse, I wanted to change position to doggy or cowgirl but she wanted me to stay in missionary. I was really annoyed and said just bbbj and hj until I finish then.

Got over the line, cleaned up and headed to the shower for another rinse. Got dressed and left 35 min of a hour booking No goodbyes no hugs I was annoyed and still a half a sack full of blue balls. 

Maybe it was her off day, or kps or whatever, but sorry I would not return to see Mimi. Too bad she was a pretty bird with an amazing natural rack!

Sent from my SM-G930F using Tapatalk


