Thread Title: Mimi - Ashfield -  0429 128 394
Floor: #1
Post Time: 25th November 2016, 10:53 AM
Poster ID: sandsifter
Post Title: 
 Mimi - Ashfield -  0429 128 394
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Mimi

Establishment : Private WL..Ashfield

Date of Visit :Nov 2016 

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : ?????? Hot Filipino Girl NUDE Massage With HAPPY ENDING ? $80 HALF HOUR ? New in Sydney?????? - Sydney body rubs - cracker.com.au Motel in Ashfield

Hours of Business : 10am to late

Rates : Full service-$130/30mins-$170/45mins-$200/60mins

Age : 21

Size/shape : Size 5,Nat C boobies.shaved pussy.Perfect body as per ad pics

Nationality or Ethnicity : Filipino

Services Provided : Cbj,fs,massage

Value for money/recommend? : Cheap enough but I was a left a little underwhelmed but imagined she would be great if you click.

My experience/comments : 

Well yet another new punt that didn't reach my expectation as I reflect back on this meeting.

Found ad on Cracker and couldn't get the picture of her ass out of my head even though I knew there was a big chance it was fake.

Anyway texted her and got a reply straight away for a late morning appointment at a Motel in Ashfield with room number given on arrival.
Arrived on time and was greeted by the tiny pretty Mimi in frilly underwear(an confirm ad pics are real). She gave me a smile and hug,I paid her $200 for the hour and jumped into the shower for a freshen up.

It was a typical motel room,small but clean. I climbed onto the bed naked and let her give me a firm massage whilst small talking. She disrobed and her body was up there with the best I've had the pleasure of exploring. I was going to take my time running my fingers over every curve of her tight smooth delectable skin. She quickly got me hard with some soft stroking and after domming me up proceeded to suck the life out of me. Some deepthroat and plenty of tongue to the ball sacs.Very nice and I was acutely aware that I might cum before I wanted to. Stopped her and asked if could daty on her? No was the reply as she had just finished a period and it wouldn't be nice for me. Bullshit!,what do you think will happen when we start copulating if it's still leaching down there?

I was a little put out as her ad had it on offer and it should have been my decision to turn it down. Oh well,on with the show,she lubes herself up and climbs aboard for some cowgirl. She goes straight into hard and fast which isn't how I like it. A lot of fake moaning and 'You soooo big,make me cum with your big hard cock'!
I was starting to lose interest as I asked her to slow down? She did for a couple of minutes but then went hard and fast again. Had to stop her as my balls were getting pummeled into the mattress.Decided to go missionary for some control but again she pushing me to go hard and fast,so this time I did and rolled back the years to my teens,hammering her with everything I had. Came hard and spent the next 5 minutes trying to get my breath back. Not how I like to have sex but good for burning a few calories off,lol.
We layed in each others arms and chatted away about our hopes and ambitions. She's based in Perth doing Uni and is just visiting other cities for short periods to get some money together. Took another shower and wished her well as I vacated the room. Was only in there for 50 mins and I guess half of that was talking.
My thoughts are that there wasn't a connection between us,maybe due to the large age gap but that's fine. I think if she does connect with the right punter she would give him the fuck of his life.
Still can't get the image and feel of her beautiful ass out of my head.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 25th November 2016, 02:58 PM
Poster ID: sparksy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
From the pictures it is a perfect hour glass figure with an ass that it would be a shame not to be able to fuck haha


Floor: #3
Post Time: 25th November 2016, 05:02 PM
Poster ID: jonnydang77
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
She should consider getting that arse insured in case she gets rear ended!


Floor: #4
Post Time: 2nd December 2016, 08:06 AM
Poster ID: Tripod
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I hope she comes to Melbourne, she looks fkn hot.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 15th December 2016, 09:24 PM
Poster ID: bigdickmalone
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Guys don't bother with this number. I contacted her and made a booking. Got there and the girl who opened the door was nothing like the picture. Older (21 my ass more like 41), with fake tits and a small ass. Not my cup of tea at all. After telling her it wasnt her in the pics I walked. Went home and had a wank instead 

Either the number is one being used by a number of girls so pot luck who you get. Just go expecting the old switcheroo, you might get something good or you might not.


