Thread Title: Mina - Telopea, NSW 0406 762 655
Floor: #1
Post Time: 6th November 2016, 04:40 PM
Poster ID: Samseven
Post Title: 
 Mina - Telopea, NSW 0406 762 655
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Mina

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 17/10/2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : ?????? MINa ??????160cm 47kg ?????? @Granville ?????? - Australia escorts - cracker.com.au

Hours of Business : 10am-9pm

Rates : $250/hr

Age : 22

Size/shape : Slim/Petite

Nationality or Ethnicity : Korea

Services Provided : Full service / BBBJ (no CIM)

Value for money/recommend? :  Yes, would love to see her again.

I'm very new to this, escorts that is...or to be more basic, paying for sex - so be easy on me as this is my first review! I arranged to see Mina because I found note on another site that her pics were real. Arranging an appointment with her was very simple and I nervously headed out to see her.

When she answered the door she didn't seem to be the same woman as in the photos (which I confirmed after I'd seen her) but she was a petite young woman and very pretty. I certainly wasn't disappointed. Her bust is a little smaller than adverstised, B cup, but still, a very nice body and definitely very young.

Mina's English is almost non-existent which didn't worry me. She took off all her clothes and then talk off my clothes. My cock had started to pulsate to attention at the view of this sexy young woman. She led me to her shower where we spent 10 minutes as she washed me down and I took great pleasure in washing her pert little boobs...she took me in her mouth and I loved the view looking down seeing this beautiful young woman sucking my cock. After exploring her body and suckling her boobs we left the shower and returned to her room. I couldn't help myself and gently pushed her on her back and admired the view before going down on her clean shaven gorgeous pussy. The sexual encountered continued at a very slow pace. She went down on me, natural and deep, for a while before I rolled her over again and softly grinded my rock hard cock along her pussy lips...only mm from actually slipping in. I was tempted, but was sure she would have objected so I didn't try. She then extracted herself, rolled me over and slipped a condom on before mounting me and riding me slowly looking deep into my eyes....it wasn't long before I grabbed her hips and came inside her (condom on).

She massaged me for a short while before I kissed her, said some pleasant simple goodbyes and left.

Mina was very gentle. It wasn't a porn-star experience, but that was probably more my [first time] fault than anything. She was certainly not disappointing, I loved the experience.

Sam.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 18th January 2017, 08:40 PM
Poster ID: jlee069
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hi Samseven,
is this a true photo of Mina?   She sent this to me the other week via WeChat when I was trying to arrange a booking with her.



jlee069


Floor: #3
Post Time: 19th January 2017, 06:21 AM
Poster ID: nextlif
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
A google reverse image search shows this to be a fake pic.

https://www.google.com.au/search?tbs...P83qIDBIUI8KSv

A FYI....we dont permit posting private pics of a ML or WL which show their face or make them identifiable. Pics that are posted on the web for advertising purposes etc are fine.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 19th January 2017, 01:06 PM
Poster ID: Samseven
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
It's very similar to her, but not her. Her boobs are much smaller - about b cup, but she's gorgeous


