Thread Title: Miss Natasha T – Prospect - 0404 372 882
Floor: #1
Post Time: 5th April 2020, 01:21 PM
Poster ID: Jamesremus
Post Title: 
 Miss Natasha T – Prospect - 0404 372 882
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Natasha

Establishment : PWL

Date of Visit :  March 2020

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.escortsandbabes.com.au/P...pendent/tikik/

Phone : 0404 372 882

Hours of Business : Unsure, I would ask. 

Rates : When I spoke to her, the massage rates and fs rates were identical. 

15 min $100
30 min $150
45 min $200
1 hr $250


Age : 40's

Size/shape : BBW

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : Massage, HJ

Value for money/recommend? : No, I didn't enjoy my experience. 

My experience/comments : Contact was easy and straight forward. I arrived at a private residence in Prospect. Natasha answered the door and to be honest on arrival I quite disappointed. I really didn't find her attractive. Normally, I'm not overly concerned by looks and find larger women attractive, but she really wasn't doing anything for me. It was the first time I felt like that when punting. Anyway, despite my initial lack of enthusiasm I decided I would go ahead with the booking.

To her credit Natasha was quite friendly and welcomed me in. The accommodation is clean and cosy. I had a shower, arranged finances and laid down as she proceeded to give me massage. What put me off the most was that she talking about the virus, toilet paper and things of that nature. Mind you this was well before all the social distancing rules, etc came in to play. So it was a little off putting. When she wasn't talking things of this nature, she was telling me how much she cleans and disinfects things in her house and how brothels aren't clean and how I made a good choice in seeing her. I understand she wanted to put me at ease, but she spoke about this type stuff for a good 30 – 35 minutes. It was really off-putting. I told her several times I was here to relax, due to stress at work, but I don't think she got the hint. 

This constant chatter combined with the fact that I didn't find her attractive was bit of a downer on the whole experience. Also, the message was quite poor to be honest (at the time of my booking she did advertise massage). There was no oil, it was all very light and not that sexual. 

Also, Natasha put a condom on me for most the message experience. I didn't say anything but it was odd to get a HJ whilst wearing a condom. The only real highlight in the experience was that she has amazing natural tits. They really are great. I had a little play and was allowed to lick her nipples. Eventually I was stroked to climax, blew in the bag and was cleaned up. Natasha made me flip over and massaged by back to finish off the experience. It really wasn't that great. 
I hate to be critical and overly negative, but I have to be honest. It was a dud punt for me. Yes, I got a release, but it didn't really have any spark or connection for me. I really felt as if I wanted to get out of there as quickly as I could. 

I didn't find her attractive and felt as if the whole time was spent talking about the most random of stuff that really didn't put me ease. 

Needless to say, I will not return.


