Thread Title: miss elyse - Sydney - 0401 177 513
Floor: #1
Post Time: 20th December 2018, 02:00 PM
Poster ID: Lasher167
Post Title: 
 miss elyse - Sydney - 0401 177 513
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Miss Elyse

Establishment : private

Date of Visit : Dec 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://scarletblue.com.au/escort/miss-elyse

Phone : 0401 177 513 SMS only

Hours of Business : 9-6

Rates : 400 an hour mon to fri 9am - 6pm but i got a special via crocker 

Age : 24

Size/shape : curvy

Nationality or Ethnicity : caucasian

Services Provided : full service cbj kissing

Value for money/recommend? : yes

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

Made an appointment with her couple of days before and had to change couple of times but she is accomodating.

made my way to her place in the zetland area, and arrived. she rents the apartment where she works from. we sorted out the finance and then i had a shower. we then got into bed and talked for a bit before i leaned over and started to kiss her. she kisses like a newly acquainted gf where there is kissing and a bit of shy play.

i then popped out her boobs which are natural and very nice. she told me to be gentle with them and so i licked and sucked gently. I did ask if i could go down on her but sadly this is not an option to avoid bodily fluids been transferred which is understandable. anyway after a while of kissing her tits and her mouth i laid down where she gave me a cbj. whilst she was giving me a bj i reached between her legs and played with her pussy which was very wet. I am not sure whether this is pre lube or not but i did ask and she laughed and said this is why she is in this line of business (I assume she loves her job). 

After a while of sucking she asked if i wanted to bang her to which i readily agreed. we commenced with missionary and the wetness felt fantastic. i pumped her for a bit and could not hold back and came after a couple of minutes. 

we then laid there and chatted about stuff and she asked if i have been with any other girls on scarlet blue to which i replied no. 

after a bit of chit chat i was ready for round 2. it proceeded with bj and then we moved into doggy. she then got on top. not sure maybe because i am getting old i could not for the life of me get the 2nd shot out... Miss Elyse tried her hardest but to no success....

I then showered and left...

she is a wonderful girl and I could not recommend her more... 

treat her good....


