Floor: #1
Post Time: 30th January 2016, 01:47 AM
Poster ID: FrankParkinson
Post Title: 
 Miss Sin/Rose Roulette - Bondi Junction - 0405 457 201
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Miss Sin/Rose Roulette

Establishment: Private

Date of Visit: Jan 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: 0405 457 201, Miss Sin Rose Roultette independent private escort - Scarlet Blue

Hours of Business: By appointment

Rates: $350/hr, $600/2hr

Age: 23

Size/shape: Slim, redhead, fair complexion, 169cm

Nationality or Ethnicity: Caucasian

Services Provided: Full service (but see comments)

Value for money/recommend?: Alas no

My experience/comments:

I've been looking for a nice redhead for a while and came across Miss Sin, but then couldn't get hold of her as she had changed her number. I finally tracked her down and arranged to meet via text and a follow-up call. I'm after all the fun I can get, so I book for 2 hours.

As agreed, I text her about 10 minutes before arriving. No response. I text her when I get there. No response. I call both numbers I had for her. No response. I wander down the road for coffee and read the paper for an hour, but with the phone still silent, head for home.

Half way home - and well past midday - I receive a text, apologising that she had slept through her alarm and missed my calls. Would I still like to meet? By this stage I'm a bit wary, but I've come this far, so why not? We arrange to meet again and I head back.

I arrive, text her again, and after a delay of about 10 minutes she collects me from the foyer of the serviced apartments. She's very pretty, but she's turned up in thongs (plural, not singular). We head up to her apartment (which is a bit of a hike), I have a shower and we get down to business.

She spends about 5 minutes putting on her stockings, suspenders and shoes, and chatting, while I wait. Couldn't she have done this while I was in the shower? 

To start with, she closes the curtains and turns off the light, but I'm paying to look at her gorgeousness (and she really is pretty) so I pull the curtains open a bit. She puts on some music, but it's rap music, and somewhat loud. Why would any woman want to listen to music with blatantly misogynistic lyrics? Why do we need musical accompaniment at all?

She is the chatty type, and asks lots of questions to draw me out, but I'm not the talkative type, and having a conversation is a bit difficult as she's not as wordly-wise as I would have thought someone in her position might be.

We start with a massage, which is actually quite good. Not erotic in any way, but very pleasant.

Then things take a turn for the worse. Saliva is out, she tells me, so no DATY. I presume kissing is out, but don't press the point. Touching her downstairs is out too. Argh! All the fun stuff is barred.

She then proceeds to give me a CBJ (which isn't bad) while letting me watch her play with herself. I'd much rather it was me doing that, but it's not an option. I don't last very long, and she wants me to duck into the shower at half time to clean up, which I'm happy to do, but when I come back she is on the balcony having a fag. As a non-smoker, that's offputting - couldn't she wait until after I'd left?

We get back into it, and she does a reverse cowgirl, which is again very nice, and it doesn't take long before I've come again. She says we are nearly out of time and would I like to allow 10 minutes for a shower, or to extend the session? Eh? - how did all the time go so fast?

She offers to massage my front, but I massage her instead, and she lets me know when we're out of time, which is far too soon. I jump in the shower, get dressed, exchange pleasantries and leave. Out on the street I look at my phone, and it's not been 2 hours since she texted me to meet her in the foyer.

All in all this was a very disappointing experience, in many ways:
 - I've not seen an escort before, so don't really know what to expect, but I'd have thought there would be a bit more professionalism
 - even after she mucked me around and wasted 2 hours of my time, she still wanted to kick me out early. She was apologetic about sleeping in, but it was a rather empty apology
 - she really is gorgeous to look at, but we never "clicked" on any interpersonal level. Perhaps that's what you get with a 23 year old. I appreciate intelligent women, and even though she's very pleasant, perhaps I'm expecting a bit too much
 - when you take out the time to get from the lobby to the apartment (15 minutes), the time she spent talking (20 minutes at least), the time she spent getting dressed, the time she spent fiddling with the music and her phone (it must have rung half a dozen times - just set it to silent!) and the fact that she booted me out early, I doubt that I got even an hour of worthwhile time with her
 - most disappointingly, all the fun stuff I was looking forward to was verboten: no making her come, no DATY, no playing with her downstairs

Interestingly, one of the reviews on scarletblue.com.au says "She's beautiful, really smart, good with conversations". She's definitely beautiful, but perhaps I'm just not attuned to the conversational needs of a 23 year old.

Unfortunately genuine redheads are few and far between, so I'll just have to keep looking. But I think I'll stay away from women this young in future.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 30th January 2016, 04:37 AM
Poster ID: Jack Kerouac
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Sorry, I clicked funny post button by mistake and I think the situation is terrible.

There is no excuse for her behaviour, except she is a rotten service provider.

Thank you for the review. It serves as a warning to others,

Jack


Floor: #3
Post Time: 11th February 2016, 09:40 AM
Poster ID: snoggs
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks so much for posting.  
Sorry you had a dud punt.
Her pics look hot and I was thinking of booking but now perhaps not...
https://scarletblue.com.au/escort/mi...rose-roultette


Floor: #4
Post Time: 11th February 2016, 09:54 AM
Poster ID: unclepj
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I love Redheads
Had one as a Partner for a couple of years
She would do anything, anywhere st anytime
I feel your pain bro


