Thread Title: Mistress Carmen - 0435 056 477
Floor: #1
Post Time: 30th June 2018, 12:50 PM
Poster ID: ausugnd
Post Title: 
 Mistress Carmen - 0435 056 477
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Mistress Carmen

Establishment : Outcall to my place

Date of Visit : 3rd June 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://scarletblue.com.au/escort/mistress-carmen

Hours of Business : Varied. Web says from 9am but wasn't available until 7pm...

Rates : $600 for 90 Mins

Age : Mid 30s I think, maybe more

Size/shape : Slim but with a lot of excess skin and flab on her belly

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : FS, Light BDSM

Value for money/recommend? : No. But.

My experience/comments : 
So, not going to hide that sometimes I like to get a little kinky (and if you check my reviews, you can see I have checked out a proper dungeon and bondage session before), so after a few months of always checking out Twitter and Scarlet Blue, I had seen Mistress Carmen around, and her blend of a Full Service and semi GFE along with a dominant kinky routine appealed to me and I wanted to give it a go. As a bit of a celebration to some recent wins at work, I booked in to see her and arranged for her to come to my place.
When she arrived, I instantly knew she was older than the "20s" listed on her profile, and that whilst the pictures were certainly her, they were very creatively shot and edited to show only her most flattering aspects. She wasn't ugly, exceptionally old or anything, so I didn't turn her away and decided to proceed with the session. After a bit of a chat around what I was after, I jumped into the shower whilst she prepared the bedroom and asked me to wait outside. She eventually came out in her lingerie and heels, and sat on the couch where she asked me to start worshipping her, kissing her up and down the legs. Eventually I removed her heels and then had to remove her stockings using only my mouth. Took some effort but I was a damn pro and managed it!!! Then more kissing of her legs until I stood up, she blindfolded me and led me into the bedroom. 
I lay down on the bed and she cuffed my hands and legs to the corners. She then proceeded to tease and play with me all over. She moved herself over to my left hand, where I started to play with her pussy and she started grinding on it and getting herself off. I will admit, that was kinda hot! Eventually she removed the blindfold and then sat on my face and I went down on her whilst she played with my cock. It was also at this point I noticed just how saggy her body was, and that whilst in a bra her tits look just like the pictures - plump and big, in reality they have sagged and she is older than it appears.
Eventually she slipped on the dom, cuffed me and jumped on. She started riding me and I was actually worried that I might not cum. Her pussy was loose and didn't really feel that great, and as she bounced up and down, the excess skin and flab on her belly bounced and bounded of my own (It was at this point I could also tell for 100% certainty that she has had kids, a fact was later confirmed as we chatted after). Eventually I did cum, and although it wasn't great, it did still feel good.
All in all, I think I was expecting something a little different and was disappointed by this to start with, making the whole session a little more down. In saying that, she is still a great lady, who loves what she does and I am sure there are people out there who would like what she has to offer. However it just wasn't for me and I felt like it was money wasted.
Don't let my review put you off, just make sure this is what you want first.


