Thread Title: Mistress Anna - Woolloomooloo - 0416 522 633
Floor: #1
Post Time: 10th July 2014, 08:31 PM
Poster ID: Cartman
Post Title: 
 Mistress Anna - Woolloomooloo - 0416 522 633
				
Post Content: 
Person's name: Mistress Anna

Contact details: 0416 522 633; website

Establishment: Private residence in Woolloomooloo

Date of visit: June 2014

Hours of business: Contact Mistress Anna

Rates: $150 for 30 minutes; $200 for 45 minutes; $250 for 60 minutes. Group classes are $80 for 60 minutes (maximum of four people in each class).

Age: Mid-to-late 30s

Size/shape: Black hair, 5'10", C-cup breasts, 70kg, fit physique, and dress size 10-12

Nationality: Mix of European and Polynesian

Services provided: Forced fitness; domination/discipline; qualified personal trainer; hand relief. Being a professional Dominatrix she does not provide oral sex or sexual intercourse.

Value for money/recommend: I think it was value for money. I recommend visiting her if you want to try something different or for a fun workout.

My experience/comments: Mistress Anna has been on my to do list for a while and feeling like something different/fun I visited Anna for a 'Bootcamp Mistress' session opting for the $150 for 30 minutes deal. I am in good shape, but if you are not, don't worry. Anna will tailor the session to your fitness levels.

Making the booking over the phone was easy enough. Just a warning though, you have to deposit the money into her account before you visit (she is trustworthy, though).

I was greeted at the door by Anna wearing a short, tight black tube dress and her wearing high heeled boots. I was offered a room to change out of my clothes. I stripped down butt naked and put on my socks and training shoes and walked into the 'dungeon' room where the PT session would be conducted. Her place is very clean.

I did various exercises naked such as push-ups, sit-ups, planks, squats, all while she whipped me with a horse whip (she didn't whip me that hard, though). Throughout the session she would grab and fondle my cock or (lightly) kick my balls. I got erect a few times throughout the session which was kind of hot in a way. Doing push-ups she would sit on my back to make it harder. Doing sit-ups she would place her arse in front of my face to tease. It was pretty much just a kinky and fun PT session. I also gave her a bit of lip (in jest) such as "this is too easy for me", etc, which she responded well to and made the exercises harder for me. A few times she put weights on my cock while squating or clamps on my nipples - I just tried not to laugh when she did this to me.

At the end of the session she brought me to climax through a hand-job.

I headed to the shower (all very clean), got dressed, and left.

Mistress Anna was very nice and professional. Just a warning to anyone who hasn't seen a Mistress before - they love to boss the fuck out of men. I just took it with a grain of salt, but some guys might find it offensive.

This is what she looks like



And she was also featured recently on the SBS program The Feed


Floor: #2
Post Time: 11th July 2014, 08:28 AM
Poster ID: bigbird
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
While I don't enjoy being dominated like in the videos, I think the concept of forced fitness is quite interested. 

The idea of a little reward at the end should keep me going


