Thread Title: Mocha - Campsie - 0457 540 206
Floor: #1
Post Time: 18th December 2019, 05:57 PM
Poster ID: Kwame
Post Title: 
 Mocha - Campsie - 0457 540 206
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Mocha

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 15/12/2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 
https://www.escortsandbabes.com.au/P...dent/EbonyBBW/

Phone : 0457540206

Hours of Business : 24hrs

Rates : $350 hr

Age : 20s

Size/shape : Bbw

Nationality or Ethnicity : South African


Services Provided : BBBJ, FS ,CIM

Value for money/recommend? : 
yes
My experience/comments : (Please put some effort into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

Hey Fellas,

So I saw a private escort the other day by the name of Mocha.Mocha is a baby BBW South African lady who advertises on Scarlett blue and Escorts & Babes.

I've been eyeing her profile for awhile and noted that I need to contact this chick when I'm in the area.As I don't go to Campsie that much but the other day I was not far so I decided to park the car and text her.I was a little worried as Mocha is of African decent and I to am of Afro Caribbean decent. And in my experience a lot of African ladies don't like to see men of Afro decent.So I mentioned it to her and she said she sees everybody so I was pretty flipping happy.So booked in booking time and Mocha texted me the details rocked up to the private residential apartment and was greeted by a curvy Brown skin ebony beauty.

So gave her the cash which I believe was $350 for the hour which included kissing daty Nat oral and cim .So took shower and came back out Mocha was laying on the bed with only a black g banger on and bra..So straight to kissing and touching and all that jazz. Daty was awesome she also sat on my face which was hot.Then the blow job had to get her to stop as was only 20minutes in and I didn't want to cum. Working up a sweat Mocha came on top rode me like a pro then my turn then more daty and dirty talk and moaning then Mocha came which was a beautiful sight then my turn so I got mocha on her knees while I stood while giving me head.Then I busted all over her mouth ..Best sex I had all year .We really connected and it was quiet nice. She's definitely not lazy in the bedroom.So mocha cleaned me up and I thought time up a better bounce but mocha invited me to lay down and relax in the bed for awhile.So we finally got to chat for awhile.Shes quiet easy to chat too she did tell me she's worked at a few parlours before in Liverpool and burwood.And that she prefers private as it's less clients and more money.She loves her job and she is planning on doing some more tours next year.Great girl great performance .I would definitely go and see her again.Thanks fellas.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 29th May 2020, 02:49 PM
Poster ID: You
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
After a couple of very lack lustre experiences decided to give this lady a try. Made a booking for Wednesday, all good. Agreed time, price and content, all good. Got sent address, confirmed the day before, all good. Then just before I got in my car to drive to Campsie I texted to confirm as requested and, no response. 3 texts and two days later still no idea what happened. 
Irritated at the waste of time, but glad I didn't actually have to drive all the way to Campsie or fork out $450 - Just checked escorts and babes and her profiles gone there, but still on https://escortify.com.au/sydney-escorts/mocha-j-10073


