Thread Title: Molly - Guildford - 0411 538 598
Floor: #1
Post Time: 12th February 2019, 10:23 PM
Poster ID: JRx$yd
Post Title: 
 Molly - Guildford - 0411 538 598
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Molly

Establishment : Apartment

Date of Visit : 11/2/2018 late afternoon

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://sydney.locanto.com.au/ID_237...-DD-Emily.html

Phone : 0411 538 598

Hours of Business :  ALL

Rates : $100 30 min FS

Age : mid 20's

Size/shape : 8 / C cups natural 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian

Services Provided : CBJ, FS

Value for money/recommend? : Yes/Yes

My experience/comments : 

In the area and used Locanto location feature. The advert said different girls work this address number. Texted and answer was Molly, sent a nice photo ( probably fake) and said she could see me straight away and gave the address.

Easy to find clean, new and modern apartment block, easy parking outside but a busy road. Texted unit number on arrival and up I went.

Greeted at the door by Molly who seemed pretty close to the photo, curvy and busty with lost a darling and baby as she led me to the bedroom. Finance dealt with, hoped into the shower and handed a fresh sun dried towel Man it has been hot in Sydney lately.

Out of the shower into a cool clean bedroom with big mirror doors on the wardrobe. nice touching and hugging pressing her boobs against me and some gentle DFK, Enjoying the show as I explored her body with my hands and watching the mirror.

On to the bed for a nice CBJ again the view was great, looking down and then sideways at the mirror at Molly's naked butt. Nice ball licking and nearly rimming but just enough to send tingles in all the right spots. After about 10 minutes it was on to the grand performance, bit of lube and comment on how big Little JR was, she easily climbed on in cowgirl, now what a sight, Molly bouncing up and down and boons in front of my face and then a side on view at the mirror, We were both getting a bit sweaty when I asked Molly to swap and finished in Doggy. Now there was a fair bit of FOAM but it seemed to match the mood and I was having a good time so it didn't worry me. A fun sweaty ride and finished in the bag and just a slow coming down after the event.

Cleaned up another shower and kiss good bye.

Not sure if she is only there on Mondays, but it is a nice location at the bargain end for FS for a PWL.

Cheers

JR


Floor: #2
Post Time: 23rd March 2019, 12:24 AM
Poster ID: letmein123
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : cici

Establishment : Apartment

Date of Visit : 22/2/2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://sydney.locanto.com.au/ID_237...-DD-Emily.html

Phone : 0411 538 598

Hours of Business : ALL

Rates : $100 30 min FS

Age : mid 30's

Size/shape : 8 / A cups natural 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese 

Services Provided : CBJ, FS

Value for money/recommend? : No

My experience/comments :

Based on OP's experience I decided to venture out to try. I msged the phone number and it turns out another girl was working but using the same number. She sent me photos, but no face.

I rocked up to the apartment and the door opened. The lady was hiding behind the door and closed it. Unfortunately, her body didn't match the photo. Still slim so I thought, let's try it. 

She removed her clothing and revealed a wrinkly but thin flat stomach (liposuction?). I could also see stretch marks all on her thighs and butt. I'm guessing she was larger before but now she looks slim. Her teeth was blackish due to cigarette smoke so I avoided any kissing.

I'll be honest, I regret coming. I couldn't get the image of her wrinkly stomach out of my mind. So I kept banging away and asked her for doggy and then I came. I will have to say, her pussy did feel tight. Not the prettiest face and definitely in mid to late 30s.

On the way out, I did notice another lady in her bra and underwear. I'm guessing this is a shared apartment and girls alternate. Unfortunately, while she has a large chest, she isn't a looker either and looks at least 40s.

$100 that could have been spent elsewhere but that is why they call it punting. 

Till next time, chaps!


Floor: #3
Post Time: 21st May 2019, 10:26 AM
Poster ID: MoneyDLuffy
Post Title: 
 Sally - Guilford - 0411 538 598
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sally

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 19/05/2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: https://www.escortsandbabes.com.au/P...ndent/Monica1/

Phone :0411 538 598

Hours of Business : On-Call

Rates : $150/Hr

Age : Mid-30's

Size/shape : Thin with Bolt Ons

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese (Not Japanese like Ad says)

Services Provided : BBBJ, FS

Value for money/recommend? : Yeah (VfM, not recommend)

My experience/comments : 

Texted the number around 4:50pm, got a response around 5:10pm (20 minutes). Booked for 5:30pm. Didn't text me the address until 5:20pm. Rocked up @ 5:40pm. Turned up to an apartment; Sally opened the door in a bikini. This joint is run by two ladies; one speaks english one doesn't. Stayed for an hour; took a shower; got naked with Sally. Sally had some bolt ons, or at least felt like bolt ons, and is quite skinny (so at least the pictures look legit). So sucked on those titties, she gave me a BBBJ, it almost felt like she was going to offer BBFS (I wouldn't take it anyway) there was a bit of raw pussy grinding, got me a bit worried. Dommed on, cowgirl, missionary, doggy. Stopped doggy - apparently my dick was too hard? Continued missionary till I came. Talked a little bit and then left.


Not happy with the Ethnicity lying, or about the location being about 10 minutes from the suburb where it was supposed to be, or the lying about the age. Otherwise - ok for price point.


