Thread Title: Mona - Belmore - 0478 091 894
Floor: #1
Post Time: 2nd September 2017, 10:19 PM
Poster ID: freddyboy333
Post Title: 
 Mona - Belmore - 0478 091 894
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Mona

Establishment : Private Residence

Date of Visit : Saturday 5th August.

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : ?safe sex full kissing ?Body licking ?Best oral ?69?Massage ???0478091894 - Sydney escorts - backpage.com.au

Hours of Business : She mentioned she had Wednesdays off. I think she's available around the clock generally.


Rates : $100 for 30 mins. $200 p/h

Age : I would say late 30s

Size/shape : Chubby/Big Tits

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : FS, CBJ (I think she offers BBBJ but didn't ask), Multiple shots

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : Private location in Belmore. Mona answered the door, face isnt the most attractive. she's fairly chubby but not huge. Nice big tits and a belly. Very friendly girl with passable English. Played some nice music and wasn't distracted by her phone during the 30 mins I booked. I hadn't masturbated for 2 weeks before visiting her, so I finished off really quickly in the missionary position within about 5 mins of saying hello. She then gave me a nice massage before turning me over and getting me up again for round 2. She rode me a good 5 mins before I came again.
Nice girl and seemed to enjoy the experience. Worth the $100 if you don't mind girls with a bit of size.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 24th November 2017, 02:39 PM
Poster ID: Signor Zorro
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Mona

Establishment : Private Residence

Date of Visit : November 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : ?mona from Thailand ?28 y full service?Sex massage kissing 69?Natural oral +20?Anal +70? - Sydney escorts - backpage.com.au

Hours of Business : Check for when she advertises on Backpage. Ring first

Rates : $100 for 30 mins. $200 p/h

Age : I would say late 30s

Size/shape : Chubby/Big Tits

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : FS, CBJ, $20 extra for BBBJ, $50 for BBBJ and CIM , $70 for Anal. 

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

Was looking forward to seeing Mona as I had'nt seen her since the start of the year. When she opened the door in just a towel I could tell her tits had grown. I asked to shower together and this was not a problem at all. She asked for what extras I wanted. I asked for BBBJ with CIM and agreed on $50 on top of the $100. 
In the shower our mouths and hands were going everywhere. Mona has incredibly smooth skin which was emphasised with the mixture of soap and water. I sucked on her hard erect nipples like there was no tomorrow while I was fingering her pussy and back hole. I am sure her boobs grew over winter and looking down I noticed what looked like a baby bump of 2 months. "No" she said, " I am just fat!" and laughed. 
Dried off and fell on the bed in her room.
I lay on my back as she mounts me cowgirl and a bit of pussy slide from her which was nice as our tongues intertwined. 
Mona slowly heads south and takes me in whole and deep. She has a wet moist mouth as she works my dick like a piston. Her head is bopping up and down and I could feel her tonsils. She really wants me to come early I think and she is doing and excellent job at it. 
After several minutes I'm on the edge when I shout that I wanna fuck her. 
She gets on her back and then I change my mind. I ask her politely if I could eat her out, and she responds " of course darling!"
Just a couple of seconds more on her heaving tits I gobble them and slowly do the tease heading towards her belly, hips and then vag. I dart my tongue inside her wet juicy twat and lick her clit to its full erection. 
My tongue licked all over even the perenium ( i think thats what its called between the anus and vag) when I noticed a small wart with my finger. 
I thought, shit I'm not licking that. I did'nt tell her anything in case it might ruin the mood. 
I suddenly stopped and asked to cover up for the fuck.
I tried not to think of it as I mounted her missionary and slid in with no lube on her part. I probably got about 20 thrusts where once again I felt a huge 5 day load building up. 
Remembering that I'd payed for cim, I quickly pulled out and the coat off, and asked to be sucked again. She knew what I wanted and she got a towel out, the reason soon becam aparent. 
I'm giving her a lecture about how to blow me as I become too sensitive when i cum, I told her to go fast, slow down, deep, tongue, go fast, go slow, deep, tongue etc
I gave her no warning as she was fixed up financially. I came hard and saw in her eyes she was squirming with the amount and taste. I got about 3 shots in and she pulls me out of her mouth while I'm still cumming and covers little Z with the towel as i'm still expelling pearl droplets. 
Not a good feeling. 
Unlike Freddyboy333, Mona advised me that its only 1 cum in the price. So I got up, showered and left. 
That vag wart of hers did get me worried, so any of you that wants to bbfs her, be warned. 
Z.


