Thread Title: Monique - Sydney - 0481 220 598
Floor: #1
Post Time: 26th April 2014, 11:44 PM
Poster ID: tonkoau
Post Title: 
 Monique - Sydney - 0481 220 598
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Monique

Establishment : Surry Hills Prvt appartment

Date of Visit : Feb 2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : LoveTantra.Com.AU

Hours of Business : 10-6 weekdays

Rates : 350 / 90 mins - ok, its an expensive massage but very good if you like that sort of thing

Age : 40 ish

Size/shape : tall, size 10, curvy

Nationality or Ethnicity : Caucasian

Services Provided : Tantric Massage, no FS or Oral/extras

Value for money/recommend? : reccomended

Monique is based in Surry Hills and after reading her website at lovetantra.com.au I decided to make an appointment.

When I arrived I found a very attractive lady in her early fourties. Her apartment was very nice, well laid out including a consultation area where we sat to talk before the session, a large treatment area with table, and a clean bathroom.

I started by sitting down and talking with Monique about what I hoped to get out of the session. For me it is mostly about feeling more in the moment and enjoying what is happening. We discussed aspects of her treatment, then I went to have a shower to freshen up as it had been a hot day.

I came back into the room with a towel still around my waist. Monique was there in a light, loosely fitting dress, and led me to the treatment area. Everything about the session was very calm but deliberate. She stood opposite me, face to face and we held hands, looking into each others' eyes. She has a magical smile, and her eyes are warm and welcoming. She then removed my towel and her dress, and we stood for a while longer, holding hands, looking into each others eyes and welcoming each other. This was a lovely way to get started, and felt very loving despite the fact we had only just met.

After some time, she led me to lie down on the table, and began the massage, which was outstanding. She had me practice breathing techniques, where I breathed deeply, imagining air going to all parts of my body, then exhaled the tensions. While I did this she massaged my body, paying more and more attention to my cock. At times I was hard, then soft, but it all felt natural and wonderful, and her technique brought me to the edge several times. When I finally came my whole body shuddered, and the release was something I hadn't felt before

Tantra may not be for everyone, but I found this a great experience. I cant tell you how long each part of the session took, as I was lost in the moment most of the time, but all up it was over 90 minutes well spent. Ill definitely be back


Floor: #2
Post Time: 6th May 2014, 01:43 PM
Poster ID: rosetech1
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Good stuff I'm looking for a good coach for my first session.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 29th May 2017, 06:43 PM
Poster ID: Voodoo Child
Post Title: 
 Monique - Darlinghurst, NSW - 0481 220 598
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Monique

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 23/05/17

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : AUTHENTIC TANTRA MASSAGE - Sensual, Sublime, Honouring of the Masculine - Sydney body rubs - cracker.com.au

Hours of Business : 10am-8pm

Rates : 300 hr - Check website: http://lovetantra.com.au/contact/

Age : 40s

Size/shape : Slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : tantra massage/bodywork

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : 

I've always wanted to try a tantra massage - Monique seemed perfect. Lots of talk involved, figuring out your boundaries and working with your energy. Too much oil used in the massage - she was tugging my cock and her hands slipped off so I didn't come. Will be back if I can find the time.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 30th May 2017, 06:48 PM
Poster ID: WOTAN01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Voodoo, I must say after your review I do not know what type of massage this tantric one of yours included except the tugging and oil use. Please be more descriptive in you reviews.


