Thread Title: Moon ,The HOTTEST Girl - Sydney - 0405 585 113
Floor: #1
Post Time: 20th November 2015, 04:16 PM
Poster ID: DeepImpact
Post Title: 
 Moon ,The HOTTEST Girl - Sydney - 0405 585 113
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Moon

Establishment : Sensasian

Date of Visit : Nov 2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0405 585 113  (Nice city apartment near Town Hall, clean)

Hours of Business : 

Rates : $350 per hour current special - Usually higher

Age : Early 20's.  Would be advertised as 18-19 in most shops that BS about age

Size/shape : 170 cm, C Cup, nice curvy hips and bottom, athletically toned, long hair

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese but School in Aus, not much accent

Services Provided : BJ, FS, Vigorous and passionate FS.  Real GFE and charming

Value for money/recommend? : Yes. The best around

My experience/comments : 


It was really scorching hot outside today but Moon succeeded in raising the temperature even higher. I am glad that I saw her back in her early days at Bluemoon last year as I can vouch that she hasn't changed much at all - and that's a good thing.

Firstly the good things about Moon
- Gorgeous face, nice smile
- Stylish long hair
- Well made up without going too far. The girls puts an effort into her looks and I for one appreciate that
- Engaging to talk to
- Great curvy hips and slender stomach
- Toned body from exercising
- Excellent attitude and friendliness
- Fantastic natural C cup breasts with pinkish nipples
- Soft lips
- Gives her all in the session and happy to take the initiative as well

Now the bad parts about Moon
- She puts most other girls to shame with her good attitude and beauty. I seriously ask myself what's the point to see other girls when Moon is around as most don't stack up.


Being with Moon today felt so right and I knew straight away what I had been missing by not seeing her for such a long time. It was like being reunited with the fabulous girlfriend that I never had and declaring never to leave her again.

Being such a hot day did have some advantages as I can now say that I did have hot and sweaty sex with Moon with both of us becoming slippery with sweat which certainly provided lubrication for sliding. The hip movements from her, the thrusting, the passionate embraces, the initiative and the request for vigorous doggie style did lead to both us getting sweaty enough to needing to take a shower break during the session in order to cool down.

I haven't seen Moon since her return as it seemed like our calendars never made it possible but now that I have I am happy to highly recommend her although speaking selfishly it could make her harder to book and lets' face it, girls like Moon aren't going to available all the time. I will be making a return visit in the near future as well especially since she promised me that 7 am appointment would be fine for her to stay up and wait for me.  

Be warned as I am sure she could be highly addictive to a lot of guys.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 4th December 2015, 11:08 PM
Poster ID: Misfit44
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Bluemoon website now forces you to join and pay to view the girls profiles.
That is shit because I use to check out the girls first before booking them.

Looks like I have to try Moon after your AR.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 5th December 2015, 05:53 PM
Poster ID: DeepImpact
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by Misfit44


Bluemoon website now forces you to join and pay to view the girls profiles.
That is shit because I use to check out the girls first before booking them.

Looks like I have to try Moon after your AR
"""



Bluemoon are no longer around so don't waste your time on the website as it hasn't been updated for months and the phone won't be answered if you call it.

Moon now works more or less independently with the business name Sensasian.  There is another girl called Naomi who I tried to book when Moon wasn't available but it got cancelled as she wasn't feeling well on the day and I think she used to be called Lucia at Bluemoon.

I have no hesitation to recommend Moon, you would be mad to choose anyone else in this price bracket if you haven't seen Moon before.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 22nd January 2016, 12:32 AM
Poster ID: Misfit44
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Moon

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : Dec 2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0405 585 113 (Nice city apartment near Town Hall, clean)

Hours of Business : 

Rates : $400 per hour 

Age : Early 20's. 

Size/shape : 170 cm, C Cup, nice curvy hips and bottom, athletically toned, long hair

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese (but now Aussie citizen)

Services Provided : BBBJ, FS, Kiss, DATY

Value for money/recommend? : Yes. 

My experience/comments : 

After reading Deep Impact's review I had to try Moon.
I had been a frequent visitor to Blue Moon escorts before they closed and wanted to know whether I tried Moon before - No.

She was 30mins late for the appointment and I was getting a bit pissed because I was tight on time.
When I did finally meet her I loved her instantly.

She has a slight Aussie accent and spoke perfect English. 
Probably because she went to private school and completed university in Sydney.
(Some of my friends' daughters went to her private school at the same time when she was there)

Everything in DI's review is true.
She is fit and strong like professional swimmer. 

I was amazed at how friendly she was and we showered together before jumping on the bed.

We chatted so much I nearly forgot about what I was there for.

Great sex!
She was very loving and caring her BBBJ. 
MISH, doggie, etc .. it was all nice. 

She was the best GFE I had for a very long time.
Definitely I will try to visit again before she retires from this line of work.


