Thread Title: Moria - Parramatta - 0452 367 983
Floor: #1
Post Time: 7th March 2018, 06:41 PM
Poster ID: looking4fun
Post Title: 
 Moria - Parramatta - 0452 367 983
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Moria

Establishment : Appartment

Date of Visit : 5th of March

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : ?? 0452 367 983?? 20 Yrs Girl Moria REAL GFE??New Pretty Hot Girl in Parramatta???Do not miss out - Sydney escorts - backpage.com.au

Hours of Business : Im not to sure, maybe 24 hours

Rates : 130/30min

Age : early 20's

Size/shape : slim, very fit

Nationality or Ethnicity : Korean or chinese

Services Provided : Full Service, COF

Value for money/recommend? : Yes but id be sorta cautious? (read last paragraph of my review for why)

My experience/comments : Okay, so i seen this ad on backpage and the girl in the pictures looked smoking hot. so i had to give it a go, the girl in the photos im pretty sure wasnt her, but who i did see was still smoking hot, so yeah left me abit confused as to why a smoking hot chick is using fake pictures of another smoking hot chick. i called in the afternoon and got a response straight away, gave me the address and off i headed to parramatta cbd to a fairly new appartment block there, got givin instructions on how to get into the building, went up and knocked on the door and was greeted by a very cute korean/chinese girl with very broken english alarm bells sorta rang (ohoh not the girl in the pictures) but she was atleast a solid 8 or 9 so i still went in.

the appartment is obviously being use as a make shift brothel as there were other girls there, and all the rooms set up in a very brothel kinda way. i got led to the room and gave her the move, both of us stripped, was offered a shower told her i had just had a shower but happy to if she wants me to. but we ended up just going to business, as i said b4, absolute solid 8 or 9, really slim and in good shape BUT is not the girl in the pictures. either way, the service was splendid, start off with a covered bj and slowly worked our way to mish, she then asked if i wanted to doggy, which i was more then happy to, absolutely nice bouncy ass that i enjoyed pounding, when i was ready to cum i slowed down and asked if she offered any extra, her english wasnt the best but i tried my best describing what i wanted lol. she finally understood that i wanted COF and she said 50 which i accepted, got on top of her and blew all over her face. got dressed up after, said our goodbyes while she still had jizz over her face XD.

either way, i definitely enjoyed the experience and got what i wanted, but at the same time im very confused by the advertisement. ill repeat it again pictures are NOT her, but the girl i did see was a stunner, why the fake pictures then? well for one its obviously some kinda sketchy brothel run out of a appartment, and for that reason im kinda really hesitent to go again. either way id like to see if anyone else has tried "moria", maybe you got a different one xd


