Floor: #1
Post Time: 26th August 2017, 01:49 AM
Poster ID: josh18
Post Title: 
 Myki - Parramatta - 0473 418 086/ 0424 768 135
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Myki? Miki? Mickie?

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : Mid August 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Only blow job service Singapore Girl??? - Sydney escorts - cracker.com.au

Hours of Business : Replies to SMS quite early

Rates : 
$100 15min natural blowjob 
$150 30min natural blowjob

Age : Late 20s

Size/shape : Cute, cute face, wears glasses, slim but has a small amount of tummy. A cups, ok ass clothed. Tats

Nationality or Ethnicity : Singapore (good English)

Services Provided : Oral service only, no sex

Value for money/recommend? : I enjoyed but might not be for everyone.

My experience/comments : There were minimal photos on this ad so I went in expecting to walk. The photos that were there had very little detail but looked legitimate. She was very clear throughout that sex was not on the table, mentioned it 2-3 times while booking, again before giving her unit number. The pictures on the ad now are her and better than what was on it when I saw her.

Booking was easy. She works out of her apartment which is near Westfield.

She met me at the door. She is cute, wearing short shorts and a singlet. She is chirpy and quite bubbly. Her face shape is nice and she is wearing quite heavy rimmed glasses which I also like personally. I go to have a shower off her main room and come back out to be motioned to the lounge, which is in the living room with the widows wide open (not a concern). Personally I liked this, quite often everything is done with low lights but a high ceiling, airy apartment with super bright lighting was a good change. Sat down on the lounge and she stripped her top down around her waist. She has a bit of tummy but the way she pulled her singlet down partly covered. She was upbeat and chatty to this point. She set a timer for my allotted time - note that this started just before she did, so did not include shower/smalltalk, etc which is good.

She went to it - her technique was varied. Deep, shallow, tongue, a bit sloppy. Maybe not super amazing overall, however she did not rush to try to get me over the line. When I motioned to slow down she did so and backed off while continuing to tease. She went all the way up to the end of the timer before getting me to finish. Not sure how much more to say here as it is pretty straight forward what is on offer - just a bbbj. No massage.

Her looks are not amazing but very cute, so yymv here. Her attitude was really good imo, she was bubbly and her service was unrushed. The setting was also nice, which is a secondary aspect but was enjoyable for some reason.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 26th August 2017, 10:39 AM
Poster ID: wachumba
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I wonder what changed. Only a few days ago, she was offering FS. Google the number and her old ad shows up.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 26th August 2017, 12:50 PM
Poster ID: josh18
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Yeah, I saw her ads before she changed it. I don't know if that boob shot is of her as she had tats but don't recall the exact locations), however they are representative of what she has so whatever.

I have known a few girls who offer massage+oral as well as full service around parramatta and the massage+oral is much more popular, assuming due to price.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 27th August 2017, 08:50 AM
Poster ID: pashon8
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
If the photos are real then she looks to have a nice body.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 27th August 2017, 12:44 PM
Poster ID: josh18
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by pashon8


If the photos are real then she looks to have a nice body
"""



The red dress is legit. The lounge is also legit..?!


Floor: #6
Post Time: 8th September 2017, 08:43 PM
Poster ID: pashon8
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Myki

Establishment : 

Date of Visit : August 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : ???Only blow job service??NO SEX SERVICE?? - Sydney escorts - cracker.com.au

Hours of Business : 

Rates : 

Age : 

Size/shape : Petite

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese Singaporean

Services Provided : bbbj, cim

Value for money/recommend? : depends

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

Texted Myki since I was near Parramatta. Booking was straightforward. Parked at Westfield and walked to the lobby of her apartment. Text again for instructions and went in the lift. 

Myki is Singaporean Chinese with a Singlish accent. Easy on the eyes. Wears big nerdy glasses. Doesn't go nude which was a bit of a disappointment. No touching either. 

I give her the money and she tells me to take my pants off and sit on the lounge. Her oral technique for bbbj was ok. Suction was a big strong for my liking and not enough tongue flicking. Still it was entertaining to see this nerdy Asian go down on me like some dirty little cum slut. Had to finish me off with both oral and hand technique. 

Shot my load into her mouth. Afterwards she cleaned me up with wet ones and made sure my cock was milked with her hand so I wouldn't be dribbling in my undies. 

It was a good time but not that cheap. I could get 30 min bbbj and covered fs for $90 at Kelly flower. Myki cost me $150 for 15min bbbj with cim. Having said that there is a certain charm about her. Was very proud of all the SMS reviews from past customers. And surprisingly at the end she gave me a hug as I left her place. 

I will possibly see her again if I am in the area.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 19th December 2017, 04:53 PM
Poster ID: ggecko007
Post Title: 
 Blowjob service - Parramatta - 0424 768 135
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name:unknown


Establishment: private in Parramatta


Date of Visitec 2017


Contact Details/Address/Weblink: ([COLOR=rgb(0, 0, 0)]0424 768 135)  [/COLOR]Deep Throat??Blow Job Service??Hand Job Service??BUT NO SEX SERVICE?? - Australia escorts - cracker.com.au


Hours of Business: [COLOR=rgb(0, 0, 0)]Monday to Saturday (Finishes at 6:30pm)[/COLOR]


Rates:$100/15mins BBBJ


Age: mid 20's?


Size/shape: short, slim, cute, geeky, glasses.  Was dressed, so couldn't make much out


Nationality or Ethnicity: Asian


Services Provided: BBBJ (CIM extra)


Value for money/recommend?: Not bad - depends what you're after


My experience/comments: This lady advertises as a blowjob specialist, and offers nothing but blowjobs.  

This sparked my interest - what warm blooded man doesn't love a great blowjob?  When all you do is blowjobs, you're probably quite good at it, and she didn't disappoint (albeit with a few caveats listed below).  

She works in a nice apartment in Parramatta - parking on the street is quite easy.  The place is kind of hard to find, but its the glass entrance in the walkway that connects 2 parallel streets.  When the apartment door opened, I was surprised to be met by a geeky looking, but cute youngish asian lady with glasses.  I was expecting someone older.  She has this cute innocence that I find appealing.  You'd expect she'd be working in a Korean-run coffee shop, rather than gulping cocks to earn a crust.  She has a lovely smile, and cute geeky girly demeanor, accentuated by her chic-glasses.  She is very discrete and shushes you inside the apartment - fair enough, as I wouldn't want to upset the neighbours.

She has a tiny little mattress set up in her room, and asks you to get your pants off and lay down.  Things were a little clinical - "let me know before you cum.. otherwise its $50 extra for CIM.." .. followed by wiping little johnny down, and even using a wet wipe tied around my dick as a bib - so that my balls were covered, but my cock was poking through.  Kind of like a superman cape for your cock.  Guess my balls weren't going to get munched then.. oh well... Oh - and an egg-timer was also used to tell us when the 15mins woud be over.  She remained fully clothed, but wore demin shorts and had a singlet on which revealed shapely small milky white breasts.  No touching allowed though.. (she says with a smile) which is a shame!  

She varies the blow job - from short sucks, rubbing my knob back/forth against her tongue, to playing my dick as a flute, great use of tongue, to taking it deep and fast.  Yes - this girl has sucked a few dicks before!  She was quite good.  I decided to punish her for being such a prude, and held on until as close as possible to what I thought was 15mins ... she worked hard for her money, but it was great.

I let her know before I came, and then she jerked me off until i jizzed into a tissue on my stomach.. 

Damn it - I'd only spent 12 mins there and not the 15 I'd hoped for.  Let her get off too easily.

If you're into a cute geeky asian experience and a great blowjob, but don't mind things a little clinical, then she's your girl.  

I may be back.


Floor: #8
Post Time: 20th December 2017, 10:11 AM
Poster ID: josh18
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
https://auxxxreviews.com/forum/f100/...8-086-a-50473/

This is the same girl


