Thread Title: Myndie BBW - Sydney CBD - 0415 866 101 = New number 0424 389 104
Floor: #1
Post Time: 23rd September 2016, 09:04 PM
Poster ID: jono87
Post Title: 
 Myndie BBW - Sydney CBD - 0415 866 101 = New number 0424 389 104
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Myndie

Establishment : Private CBD

Date of Visit : Aug 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : ??Come play with Myndie ?? Busty BBW - Huge 36HH bust ? Back next week ?? - Sydney escorts - cracker.com.au

Hours of Business : Varies. Some days as early as 6am!

Rates : 200 1/2hr, 300hr

Age : Possibly mid to late 20

Size/shape : Tall, BBW 18

Nationality or Ethnicity : Cauc

Services Provided : FS, BBBJ, DFK, DATY

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : 

Its been a while since my last punt as I'm recovering from a vehicle accident. Feeling better this day and realised that I need to be a bit more adventures and try things outside my normal. 

Myndie have been advertising since early this year and i always wanted to experience a BBW. My only previous experience with a curvy lady was with Zoe (approx size 12) when she used to be at Lane Cove. I had no idea what to expect when I booked and decide to do a 30mins session just to test the water. Booking with Myndie is easy, prompt and she does all her booking/ advertising by her self.

On the day of the appointment I arrive to her hotel and text her and was given her room number. Reach her room and I was nervous of what's behind the door I have no idea of what to expect. Knock on the door and she open, pics are definitely her and my worries subside. As i was entering the room she gave me a hug and kiss. Asked if I need a shower and obliged. Once out I decide to settle the finance as she never once asked about it.

All that taken care off we went to the bed, we both lye and turn to face each other where she began kissing and making her way down for bbbj. She gives a really good bbbj and she definitely know this as she proudly mention this on her ads. Next was a bit of titty fucking with her massive boobs before I decide to explore her body and found my self datying her beautiful clean shave and fresh pussy.

After this she grab a condom and we start with cowgirl, then doggy and finish in missionary. Had a bit of a chat during recovery time (very engaging and knowledgeable) before another round of bbbj and finishing the session with face fucking.

Have a shower before leaving and I would highly recommend if you want a good BBW punt!


Floor: #2
Post Time: 4th October 2016, 03:18 PM
Poster ID: Stanleylovesmilfs
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Definitely on my to-do list


Floor: #3
Post Time: 16th December 2016, 05:20 AM
Poster ID: Stanleylovesmilfs
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Myndie 

Establishment : PWL 

Date of Visit : 9/12
Contact Details/Address/Weblink : ??36HH BBW?The biggest natural bust in Syd! CIM, Amazing BBBJ, GFE, PSE, Rimming ?? - Sydney escorts - cracker.com.au
 Hours of Business : by appt
 Rates : $300 ph
 Age : 29 
Size/shape : 14 bbw, massive tits
 Nationality or Ethnicity : cuac/welsh
Services Provided : dfk, bbbj, daty 
 Value for money/recommend? : yes 
My experience/comments : easy to arrange via txt, no hassles. Met at serviced appartments near Wynyard handed over cash. Got a warm and welcoming greeting. Service was very GFE with Myndie very open to being submissive in the sack. Great bbbj, girl is in no rush to move on once she's started. Myndie definitely isn't a clock watcher, she would've been up for another if there wasn't somewhere I needed to be. Would def go back


Floor: #4
Post Time: 6th January 2017, 11:47 AM
Poster ID: HornyHoratio
Post Title: 
 Myndie BBW - Sydney CBD - 0424 389 104
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Myndie Lee

Establishment : Private CBD, from serviced apartment near Town Hall

Date of Visit : Mid December 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0424 389 104
http://sydney.backpage.com.au/Female...m-5am/16724888

Hours of Business : Varies. Check her BP, Cracker ads

Rates : 200/30min, 300/hr (my booking)

Age : Early 30's I reckon

Size/shape : 5'10" BBW Size 18, Huge 36 tits, shaved pussy, fair/freckle skin, major belly overhang, some small weight-related skin sores, Pics are her

Nationality or Ethnicity : Kiwi background

Services Provided : FS, BBBJ, CIM, DFK, DATY, 69, bath together

Value for money/recommend? : Maybe / Maybe

My experience/comments : 

Feeling like some BBW during my SYD visit I found Myndie on BP and easy and prompt to book via email and SMS. She works from various CBD apartments so check her latest location when booking as I went to Wynyard as per her ad but she was actually closer to Town Hall. She greeted me in the reception foyer (secured lifts) and escorted me to her apartment. After the financials and some chatting, she changed into a revealing red robe while I stripped and she had the bath ready for us both.

Into the bath we started with DFK while my hands explored her body, then onto BBBJ while we stood in the bath and I had a few fingers probing her pussy and anus, alternating back to DFK and licking her tits. This went on for over 20mins and could feel Myndie was enjoying the experience as I felt her pussy wet with more than just bath water.

We dried each other and resumed on the bed where I worked on her body with my tongue from her massive tits (biggest I've seen) to pussy until we were 69, as I enjoyed licking out her clean sweet pussy. Myndie's skin did have a few very small dry, like follicle-infected sores which didn't worry me but others may be put off. At my request she laid face up with her head over the edge at the foot of the bed so I could stand, straddled her face dipping my balls into her mouth then my cock and I face fucked her until I blew a load into her mouth.

After a recovery moment and general chat while we laid together we started into DFK again. She then moved down licking/nipping at my nipples then we were 69 with her pussy above my face and her mouth again on my cock. I worked my fingers gently into her pussy and anus while she licked my anus and surrounds and sucked and stroked a second load of cum from my cock, which finished me off.

We finished with a chat while I dressed and was on my way, well over an hour later. I didn't get to pussy fuck her but I enjoyed my experiences with Myndie particularly enjoying the BBW experience, although I think her shape may not be to other people's liking. Probably would not return only because I wanted to tick off an enjoyable experience with a BBW.


