Thread Title: Nadia, Russian Doll - Toongabbie - 0413 299 464
Floor: #1
Post Time: 28th May 2014, 01:28 PM
Poster ID: james31
Post Title: 
 Nadia, Russian Doll - Toongabbie - 0413 299 464
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Nadia

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 27/5/14

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0413299464

Hours of Business : 11am - 5pm

Rates : $90 half hour $170/hour ( her ad says $150 )

Age : 26 (But a little older)

Size/shape : Size 8 very toned, B cups

Nationality or Ethnicity : Russian ( claims to come from Moscow )

Services Provided : Massage, CBJ, FS

Value for money/recommend? : Yes and No

Comments:  I have seen this ad for a while in local papers and on Locanto and Cracker but never trusted if it was truthful ( see ad at bottom of page ) but I finally decided to TOFTT.
Firstly she works from a townhouse in Toongabbie which is reasonably discreet and has parking in front ( the townhouse is at the end of a row of units at the back of the property), it is quite clean.
Nadia's own description of herself is very accurate very toned size 8 small breasts the only downside is that she is no looker and does appear to be wearing a bad blond wig, she is possibly the advertised age but I would say she is a few years older her face lets down an otherwise impressive package.

OK first the negatives, No kissing , no pussy play or DATY, no BBBJ so it is ceratinly no GFE, in fact she does that thing I hate by turning her body away so there is no access to play with anything even licking her tits seems off limits.

The positives, she starts with a really relaxing all over massage with body lotion making sure to get the tease going moving gradually to massaging the ball sack and reaching under to slowly wank while massaging the balls and perineum, quite sensual and a good extended massage.
The turn over and on goes the dom and she does quite an enjoyable CBJ deep and sensual but unfortunately to short, she tells me she loves sex and she loves doggy so quickly into position and she is lovely and tight and is quite a sight from behind because of her toned slim body and so unusually for me she made me cum quite quickly.  I would have loved to see her riding cowgirl but maybe another time.

I have mixed feelings about my time with her, I normally prefer a more down and dirty session with interaction and this was not that, but for the money I enjoyed the massage ( they are rarely any good WL's just throw them in as an after thought and she claims that she is trained in massage and has a proper table ), the CBJ and sex was good and she has a great body so for the money it was pretty good ( shame about the face ! ) . She is quite friendly and the conversation was OK, cannot be sure of her russian heritage I am no expert here but she is definitely eastern european unfortunately mostly the session felt a little stand offish but maybe because it was my first time seeing her.

Would I go back, I think so in the hope that there will be more on offer next time though I suspect that this will not be the case with her as she seems fairly guarded.  Probably YMMV.


Her ad;
♥RUSSIAN DOLL♥ - 26

NADIA 26y old , /upmarket/,sensual, sophisticated, gorgeous, enchanting doll,classic beauty,long blonde hair and green eyes. Tiny petite hot toned size 8 figure, perky small breast , soft silky skin,ex-dancer.playful experteaser,....... and kinky.Iam offering sensual ,relaxing ,erotic massage with bodyslide in nude with sex and oral in sexy lingerie. For mature genuine discerning gentleman.

. For daytime pleasure only.
My prices are:
30min-$90
1 hour-$150

Toongabie/close to pendle hill/.call on 0413-299-464
Private / discreet/inhouse/ by appointment only/Tuesday-Saturday/
11am-5pm


Floor: #2
Post Time: 28th May 2014, 04:30 PM
Poster ID: happyboxer
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks for the review, not to discriminate but I tend to be somewhat wary of Russian working ladies (I've heard of overpricing, bad service, aggressive, 'stand-offish'  bossy, stealing etc.) ...especially ones wearing a bad wig (such a turn off...seeing a rubber cap with hair growing from it!). 

Looks like a great price though and for slim toned body maybe worth a try


HB


Floor: #3
Post Time: 30th May 2014, 10:08 PM
Poster ID: sagacious
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
sounds suspiciously like my eastern euro wigged warrior woman mishap!!


Floor: #4
Post Time: 19th July 2014, 12:14 PM
Poster ID: flygtfalcon
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Nadia Private Russian
Last villa in a typical residential complex in Girraween

0413299464

How do you get there?
Best way is by car, park in front of a typical residential complex and walk down the long drive way to the last unit.

What was the place like?
Nice and clean residential villa.

Met me at the door in a bikini and stripper heals.

Ushered directly into the front bedroom, handed her the cash and she went straight into the kitchen to make notes in her book on the kitchen bar.  Very strange.

Handed a damp folded towel and asked disrobe and to head to the shower.

Were there other girls there?
Only the one

What about the girl?

Not youthful as advertised, Possibly 35-40 year old to be polite, euro looking firm bust B or small C

Slim and nice figure, but some stretches and plump around the waist, I'm pretty sure she may be someone's mum.

Her Russian pronunciation seemed fake as was that blonde wig.

What was provided?
$100 was the fare for a 30 minute nude massage and HJ with hand cream/lotion on a ikea double bed.

Not really sensual as she described over the phone, more about hurrying and getting the job done.

She really made a point of avoiding eye contact or allowing me to get a good look at her face.  I saw a lot of fake blonde hair.

Quality?
Not erotic or sensual but did the trick

She apologised for not really getting into it as she had a back issue and the massage on the bed was difficult for her.

After leaving I realised she did rush me out 10 minutes early.
The total time in her place was 20mins.

Price?
I paid the $100 total directly to the girl.

She also works in the eastern suburbs but said her prices have gone up in the western suburbs because she is so popular in the area.

Any extras available?
FS is available within this price or maybe $20 extra.

Cleanup?
Tissues and then shower

Would you go back?
Overpriced for what was delivered, but still cheap for a Caucasian. 

I doubt I will try again.

Final comments?

If you do see her, make sure it is early afternoon as I think she had to rush to pick up the kids.

I left relieved, but if you like the cute young asians, maybe avoid this one.

I hope this review proves useful for my fellow punters.


