Thread Title: Naga - Mascot - 0434 261 491
Floor: #1
Post Time: 4th March 2018, 02:43 PM
Poster ID: BoldGuy
Post Title: 
 Naga - Mascot - 0434 261 491
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : NAGA

Establishment : Private in Mascot

Date of Visit : March 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Jaw Dropping Body👙 PRETTY and NaUGHTY Girl @ Mascot - Sydney escorts - cracker.com.au 

Phone - 0434261491

Hours of Business : Various but apparently available till late.

Rates : $230/60 mins

Age : Ad says 22 but looks mid/late 30d

Size/shape : photos looks like Ds but in reality A-

Nationality or Ethnicity : Hong Kong Chinese

Services Provided : GFE, Kissing, Nat Oral $20 extra

Value for money/recommend? : Hell No! Avoid!


Well gentlemen, let's just say it was an entertaining afternoon. Needed a fix and decided to check out one of the ads in Cracker that I've been eyeing regularly. I thought the photos looked genuine and not posed. Love the tits on the girl as I'm a boob man true and true! Txt her and arranged an appointment. No trouble at all... so far. 

Got myself to Mascot, txt her again to get her unit number. She's located in one of those fancy new high-rise apartments in Mascot. So far so good.

Into the lift I go... her apartment door was opened when I got to her floor. Here I go... holy mother of god!!! She looked nothing like the photos. I have to say though, when I got to Mascot, I thought this isn't gonna turn out well. Looking at the surrounding and my previous experiences. I prepared myself for the worse and I did get the worse. 

Naga looked like she's been up all night. Bags under the eyes and she looked her age... OLD! late 30s or even maybe early 40s. Not a good looker at all! Told her she looked nothing like the photos. In return she said 'I know, have to do to get customer. Promise you I do great job! You're here now!' Ok I thought... well, she's honest... but not henest! My head is spinning. Changed my 45mins session to 30mins. Needed to get my rocks off anyway... WTF, just close my eyes and do it for my mother Country! 

I showered... came out from the bathroom. She took her sailor outfit skirt off. I asked her to kneel in front of me and blow! She did and was pretty decent. Got me hard which was a miracle considering I'm all about visual... and theres nothing pretty to look at in front of me but my dick in her mouth. My little fellow must have been desperate! Now that I'm aroused, decided to go the grab for the tits. Started to take off her sailor outfit top off... you're gonna love this gentlemen! She said 'Don't like taking off my top! Turn men off!' Holy mother of god... I wonder what is it!!! Viola... no tits! Just a couple of sultanas sitting on her chest! There was nothing to grab!!! Maybe something to pinch and that's all!' I told you she was honest! 

As I mentioned, I'm a boob man! WTF am I gonna do with these? Don't wanna touch them, don't wanna lick them and definitely not gonna suck on those things! It's all down hill from here.

Finally had enough. Hot her on the bed... my interest is now deflating. Fucked her in mish and doggie quickly. Decided to just let it end with more BJ. At least I enjoyed that.  I just can't do it anymore... I can tell she's not into it either. Blew my load, cleaned myself up. She started chatting about HongKong and how expensive it was to live there. Put on my shoes... CYA! 

Well... off to my next discovery! Have a great Sunday gentlemen!


Floor: #2
Post Time: 6th March 2018, 04:43 PM
Poster ID: bigdickmalone
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
You should have walked, thats the only way to get them to stop using fake pics

Ive been to three WL who operated in mascot (you'd think I'd have learnt on the 2nd time) in those new high rises and each time the pics they used were fake. 

I told them so and walked. 

They wasted my time making me going all the way to mascot only to be greeted by someone who looks nothing like the pics.
I even asked them numerous times during the initial setup conversations to confirm that its them amd was lied to each time.

Screw them


Floor: #3
Post Time: 14th March 2018, 08:41 AM
Poster ID: BoldGuy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Yeah... I have learnt to avoid certain suburbs. Mascot is one of them.


