Thread Title: Nana - Sydney (CBD) - 0432 692 328
Floor: #1
Post Time: 1st January 2012, 05:39 PM
Poster ID: Bracket
Post Title: 
 Nana - Sydney (CBD) - 0432 692 328
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Nana

Establishment : private apartment near Town Hall

Date of Visit : 31 December 2011

Contact Details : 0432 692 328

Rates : $200/30 $250/60

Age : early 30s

Size/shape : slim/skinny, enhanced B-cups, 168cm

Nationality or Ethnicity : Hong-Kong Chinese

Services Provided : kissing, cat bath, cbj, daty, fs, conversation

Value for money/recommend? : new to the game and requires further education 

Found a lady in Cracker called Nana priced at $250/60 whose ad ticked a few boxes for me and claimed to be Japanese/Chinese.  Called her and was surprised to hear an Australian accent, which Nana claimed to be because she had lived here for so long.

Arrived on time and was buzzed up.  Nana looks tallish in her heels and is not unattractive but looks as though she has lived life hard.  She ushers me into a darkened bedroom where I hand over my hard-earned $250.  I then take a shower and return to the bedroom where Nana is dressed in a black g-string and a black camisole hanging sexily over her full breasts.  She accedes to my request to change the room's haunted house darkness for full movie-set lighting.

It's at this point that I realise that the girl I'm speaking to is not speaking with an Australian accent and that there has been a switch pulled from the girl I made the booking with.  But I can't see any obvious disadvantages to me and let it go.  The "Nana" that I'm speaking to has acceptable English and that's all I need.

We kiss standing by the side of the bed and then I sit down on it and remove Nana's camisole to reveal, disappointingly for me, some obviously-enhanced breasts.  Nevertheless I spend some time with my lips playing with her nipples, which she clearly likes.  She has some stretch marks around her tummy and I notice some scratch marks on her left forearm as well as a spider tattoo on her left buttock.

Nana then lowers herself in front of me, nudges me backwards and gives me a catbath starting at my nipples.  After 5 minutes she's down to my old fella and starts off OK before reaching for a 'dom, which is another disappointment.  The CBJ is par for the course, but they do nothing for me and before long I invite her to lie on her back and to spread her legs wide.

I then start a DATY session around the edges of Nana's g-string shielded pussy.  It's always fun for me pulling the undies to one side and playing my tongue around and into the pussy before finally removing them.  She gets off on the tongue work.  I take the opportunity to rim her gently and this too she seems to like.

Then it's time for finger play and this Nana really gets off on.  After I've had two fingers inside her for a while, tickling her G-spot, she reaches her hands forward and opens her labia, exposing her clit.  I take the hint and use my tongue to tickle it while the fingers are hard at work inside.

I then sit back to admire the handiwork, and since the 'dom is still on from the abortive CBJ I can't resist sticking my old fella in and poling Nana in mish.  I have to say that this was the best part for me of her services.  She seems to wiggle her pussy area in a way that I find hard to describe but which is clearly going to take me over the line, something that normally requires multiple positions.

Just to test the waters I lick my left middle finger and then stick it into Nana's arsehole while we're still fucking.  There's no resistance, either tightness-wise or from her, which makes me wonder whether she might be up for arse-fucking at some future visit.  But that's going to have to wait for now as I'm primed to blow my load which happens in short order.

It was a damned fine root, but we're only at the 20-minute mark and I wonder what's going to happen next.  Being an older bloke I can normally get only one shot away and normally try to save it for towards the end of the session, but that root was just too sensational for me and I couldn't resist.

As it turns out, that's the end of the fun and we spend the rest of the session chatting.  Because Nana's English is only average I have to work hard on the conversation, which I find a little too much like hard work.  But to be fair she does make an effort to keep the conversation going and can converse reasonably intelligently.

Nana tells me that she's Hong-Kong Chinese, and I have to laugh when we're talking about Cantonese and I learn that the word which I hear as "hy" can mean either "yes" or "cunt", depending on the intonation!  I also learn that she's only been doing sex work for a short time, which I take to be days rather than weeks or months.  This probably explains some of the inexpertness I've observed, which hopefully she will be able to improve over time.

Nana also tells me that the girl that I spoke to on the phone (the one with the Aussie accent) is from Singapore and also works from there (also under the name "Nana" I suspect).  Not sure whether to follow up on that one.  Probably only if she gives a natural blowjob.

I'm a little relieved when Nana checks her phone and tells me that time will be up in 5 minutes.  Normally I would find that habit in a girl a real no-no, but today with the effort I'm putting into conversing, it gives me a convenient excuse  to shower and leave.

My conclusion is that Nana is new to the game and has yet to learn fully the art of pleasing a punter by prolonging events and taking the initiative at later stages.

Will I return?  Probably only if I hear reports from other punters that further practice has improved her techniques.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 6th January 2012, 08:04 AM
Poster ID: Bracket
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
There's a follow-up to this review which may be of interest to punters.

"Another" WL, Honey, on 0402 668 661, is currently advertising on Cracker, also at $250/60.  After booking and turning up it turns out that Honey is none other than "Nana" reviewed above.  To her face I told Honey/Nana that I didn't like being fooled by multiple advertising.  When asked if I wanted to stay I told her that although her service had been OK, her use of a 'dom in her bj meant that I wasn't planning to come back in a hurry and that I wouldn't be staying today.  Before leaving, I was told by Honey/Nana that her friend (presumably the one who took my original booking and has the Aussie accent) gives natural French.

I'm not entirely sure what to believe here, but on balance I think that the lady I reviewed above is actually Honey.  I think Nana is the Aussie-accented lady whom I've spoken to but not seen.  But the thought that she gives natural French is always an enticement!


