Thread Title: Nanny Parramatta Northmead - 0406 700 319
Floor: #1
Post Time: 9th December 2016, 03:31 PM
Poster ID: unclepj
Post Title: 
 Nanny Parramatta Northmead - 0406 700 319
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Nanny

Establishment : Private New Units Northmead

Date of Visit : 9/12/16

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : http://sydney.cracker.com.au/FemaleE...hmead/17099542

Hours of Business : Ring

Rates : 150 /45

Age : 25

Size/shape : size 8 D cup bolt ons (very nice)

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : FS

Value for money/recommend? : Not Bad

My experience/comments : I had booked to see TS Sunny and arrived at the venue that is new units in Northmead.
After some time I got into the unit but not greeted by Sunny but by Nanny. You wait 15 minutes for Sunny! that was after taking 15 minutes to get into the place.
I looked at her and she was very cute and sexy. You Ladyboy? no me girl. You work here? Yes
OK I have you instead.
Into her bedroom shower and when I came back she had changed into a school girl mini skirt and top.
Very hot! Undressed her and she is not into DFK only lip kissing. Bugger.
Onto the bed for some Nipple sucking then she started with a cat bath that was pretty good.
She made in downstairs and had me very hard
Dom on mouth down. Oh Fuck can she suck. Awesome! this went on for some time and Im trying not to come. 
Finally drag her of and want to return the favour but she wont do DATY. She jumps on and is so tight as I had not been able to lube her with my tongue.
She rode me for 5 - 10 minutes till the inevitable finish even though I had slowed her down.
Had a good massage then got into round 2. This was doggie and Nanny looks great from behind.
As usual did not finish again but had a fun time.

Shower dress and leave with a peck on the lips.

WIR? Dont think so to see her. Very mechanical but also very good but she is just not right into it
Nanny will be here a few years so she may get better or if you saw her a few times she may improve.
The unit is difficult to get into and on the way down the lift had stopped.

Having said all that she is very sexy and cute 

Enjoy
Unc


Floor: #2
Post Time: 9th December 2016, 05:17 PM
Poster ID: Probe
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks Unc, I think my TS itch is coming and have been wanting to see Sunny too. She looks cute in her pics. Just a bit busy and really want a full hour with her. Being stuck out west, I've only had time for 30 mins sessions locally.
Thanks also for letting us know that there's a plan B option if it doesn't work out. I too would be disappointed if DATY wasn't allowed, especially with a cute Thai, their pussies are the best eating in my mind anyway. 
Hopefully I'll give Sunny a go over the Christmas break.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 10th December 2016, 04:17 PM
Poster ID: unclepj
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Always have a plan B
Let us know how you go with SUnny
Unc


Floor: #4
Post Time: 19th February 2017, 12:51 AM
Poster ID: doodrag
Post Title: 
 Nanny, -0406700319
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Nanny

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 18-02-17

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : TAN GIRL?Nanny.Tanned ?GORGEOUS girl???? text pls Mob 0406700319 Rhodes Station - Sydney escorts - cracker.com.au

Hours of Business : 

Rates : 180 per hour

Age : 23

Size/shape : curvy 

Nationality or Ethnicity : korean

Services Provided : cbj, daty, dfk, fs

Value for money/recommend? : yes

My experience/comments :
Nannys incall is a private apartment in Rhodes. After a few messages I we were able to agree on a time to meet at her place. The apartment is nothing spectacular, just one of 1000 apartments in rhodes that all look alike.Nanny is quite a pretty gal,  although looks nothing like the pictures in her ad. , she is medium height,  and has a cute innocent smile.After taking a shower , we began our bedroom romp. Nanny does kiss, but she didn't want to kiss me for very long, only for a minute at most before she wanted to begin the sex. She does do a covered BJ quite well, though she doesn't really make eye contact. Then onto doggy, which she seemed to be OK with, her enthusiasm for it though sounded a bit fake. Finally into mish, where I got a good look at her nice body and boobs. After sex, we rested for a bit and took a shower and chatted for a bit before she started encouraging me to leave, even though we were only 45 minutes into a 1 hour session. While I did mention this, I didn't see the point in hanging around a girl who wanted me to leave. I would find it hard to bonk a girl in 10 minutes if she clearly didn't want to turn me on. While I am a bit annoyed, it wasn't a terrible experience, but not great either.


