Thread Title: Naomi - Darlinghurst - 0432 643 370
Floor: #1
Post Time: 10th August 2010, 10:09 AM
Poster ID: mr.mark.mk
Post Title: 
 Naomi - Darlinghurst - 0432 643 370
				
Post Content: 
Naomi is black African, very pretty, young about 20, 170cm tall, C cup bust, slim.

I can't remember the date I saw her but it was Autumn 2010.

contact her on:
0432643370 or naomi-69@live.com.au

She used to advertise on the cracker - but I haven't seen her there for a while.

She had a one room walk-up in Darlinghurst.  The place was ok but I got the impression another customer had just seen her because there was no dry towel in the shower area when I arrived.  This was even more of a problem when I had my pre-leaving shower.

chargered $250 per hour.  As I indicated this was a while ago so her charges may have varied since then.

Let me get this out of the way straight away.  I am pushing fifty and a bit over weight.   So I can understand if WLs don't find me that attractive.   Even so I expect a certain amount of interest from my partners.   If I don't get it I'm not happy.  Naomi's Service was on the disinterested side.  Had the TV on and I had the impression she'd rather have been watching it than with me.  After a couple of minutes she turned it off.  But I had lost interest by this time myself.

Nevertheless I was determined to get something for my money - I'd paid for an hour after all.   So I started off with some kissing of her quite attractive body.  This led to some DATY.  I could tell she wasn't interested in this either, fuck her I thought and kept going.  I'm actually very good at this and despite her lack of interest I got her going nicely.  This went for about 20-30min before I pushed her over the edge.

After that she was quite interested.  I talked to her for a while planning to do some bonking after she'd had a short rest.  But then she started getting all judgmental on me.  I'm married - she is not.

To make things worse my wife rang me at about this point (I'd forgotten to turn my phone off).  Her disapproval was so thick you could have cut it with a knife.  I decided to cut my losses instead and left.

My rating:  She's young and dumb and although she wasn't intentionally rude, she is just plain socially inept.   So much so that she is not worth the effort.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 22nd July 2013, 04:06 PM
Poster ID: munderstood
Post Title: 
 Naomi Kenya
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Naomi Kenya

Establishment: private

Date of Visit:18/7/13

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: Naomi.|.Elite independent Sydney escort

Hours of Business: on tour 

Rates:$400

Age:Young

Size/shape:Slim Size 6-8

Nationality or Ethnicity: African

Services Provided: Full Service

Value for money/recommend?: Ok experience

My experience/comments:

Ended up catching up with Naomi whilst she was in brisbane. She opened the door and i was pleased to see that her pics on her site are true and accurate!

Overall the "Gfe" wasnt really up to speed, she didnt like to kiss much, buit i got the feeling this could improve if you were to see her reguarly

Great sexy girl, with an amazing butt... would probably return if she comes back to brisbane


