Thread Title: Naomi Jade - upper north shore, - 0499 490 822
Floor: #1
Post Time: 22nd January 2018, 10:54 PM
Poster ID: tonkoau
Post Title: 
 Naomi Jade - upper north shore, - 0499 490 822
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Naomi Jade

Establishment : private

Date of Visit : Dec 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Naomi Jade Elite Sydney Escort | Naomi Jade, Elite Sydney Escort 

Hours of Business : 10-3 some weekdays

Rates : $480

Age : mid 40's

Size/shape : 8, slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : GFE

Value for money/recommend? : yes and yes

My experience/comments : i usually go for Massage rather than full service, and had seen Naomi a couple of times for a massage when I decided I needed to upgrade.  The best way to describe Naomi is she is the hot but a little conservative looking mum waiting next to you at school pickup.  She is very friendly and engaging, and likes to start the session with a chat and a coffe before the clock starts.  ive seen her a few times now, and each time the connection feels more natural and authentic, more like an affair than a paid service.  Of course I know that's her job, but she does it very well!  

The session starts with a shower, and since she had just got in she decided to join me for a little warm up. After drying off we stood by the bed and hugged...she gives a great hug, welcoming and warm.  We started to kiss, her lips are soft and her kisses gentle then deep.  She is light and a little short, so I easily picked her up and placed her on the bed as we lay together.  It didn't take long before she slipped on the condom and gave me a great CBJ...her technique is awesome, so I had to take a break or an early shower . I won't go into the details, but she is an awesome lover, hot, horny, tight and flexible, and when I finally came it was intense!

Naomi is in her mid 40's, but has a very hot body, great tits, small bum, and is very pretty, especially when she comes  but note, she is not the one for a quick session.  She meets you fora coffee before she will take the first session...kind of a mutual interview...and she favours a few regular clients over short sessions. She is very genuine and the pictures on her web site are a good representation of what she looks like. Highly recommended if you are looking for a classy regular...definitely not your average WL


Floor: #2
Post Time: 23rd January 2018, 06:46 AM
Poster ID: nextlif
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks for posting tonkoau.Please do go into details with your reviews. We are reading them to decide if we should book this lady, so the more info you can give us the better .


Floor: #3
Post Time: 23rd January 2018, 07:19 AM
Poster ID: tonkoau
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I think the point with Naomi is that it is more about the way she connects with her clients than a particular act. Having said that, she gives an awesome CBJ ( which is in itself a major achievement). She is very agile and energetic, so can take any position you like, and she truly seems to enjoy herself.  One big thing is she wont do anything unprotected, so no DATY, bbbj etc on offer.  So I imagine in is horses for courses... If you are after an older (45 real age, looks around 40) intelligent, articulate, lovely lady next door who loves sex, and enjoy spending at least 60-90m together - then she is for you.  If you want PSE this is definitely not your woman.  There are a number of reviews on her web site.  I can vouch for their authenticity, though I have no interest in the bi service she has with her husband so can't talk to that.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 1st June 2019, 12:19 AM
Poster ID: Bigfellaxyz
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hey Tonkoau Is this lady still working? I am not able to find any advertising on the usual sites


