Thread Title: Nat, Sexy Asian Size 8 - Penrith - 0470 358 555
Floor: #1
Post Time: 27th June 2012, 05:01 PM
Poster ID: james31
Post Title: 
 Nat, Sexy Asian Size 8 - Penrith - 0470 358 555
				
Post Content: 
Nationality - Burmese
Size -   Says she is an 8 but an overweight 8 ! C-Cup
Height - 5ft
Age - Says she is 32 but I would say a few years older
Location - works out of a private house in Penrith
Services - Massage, CBJ, selected BBBJ, FS
Price -  $50 massage only 30 min. $80 Massage and FS and $150 for the hour.

Ok so I found Nat in the local paper and discovered that she was not working the day I called ( yesterday ) , she then told me that she would be available today but from Wentworthville..OK a little odd but I was up for it.  The house she worked from today is an old house near the station and carpark, it is fairly quiet and parking is easy, she told me that she normally works from a private house in Penrith where she rents a room I discovered it is the same house that I saw Honey in last year ( see review elsewhere ).

Nat is quite short and a little overweight I would say she was once a size 8 now more likely a 10 or a little more, she has quite nice tits and she greeted me at the door in lingerie which showed her arse off which was a little saggy but still looked ready for a banging. She is not unattractive but neither is she a looker she is fairly dark skinned and I guessed that she was from Thailand but she emphatically told me she is from Burma. She also told me that she specialises in massage and only does FS to earn some money and won't always do it , I of course wanted to set the ground rules up front and wanted FS with a BBBJ which at first she said no to the BBBJ and says she does not do this then said you pay for your service and when I inspect you I will let you know if I will do BBBJ so I agreed,  sure in myself that I can get a BBBJ no problems.


It got off to a bad start when she had to kick another girl out of a room where she was sleeping because she told me that this was a friends house that she was sleeping at and was only working there today, so I had to wait for a room which was acceptably clean. However she did not offer me a shower and when I asked for one she said not necessary uh oh this does not bode well, I always find that when the WL doesn't care if you shower that this pretty well says it all about her hygeine so there was not going to be any DATY today...

Anyway then it got weird becasue she insisted that she give ne a massage first , really if I wanted a massage I would have gone to any number of my favourite RnT joints but I relented and she actually gave a sursprisingly good massage in a thai style, she insisted that most of her clients only want to see her for her massage and I could see with a proper table it would have been great , I did find it awkward on a bed though.
 15 minutes later she asks me to turn over and after a clean of the old fella and close inspection including a good long sniff she pronounced me clean and acceptable for a BBBJ - hooray ! but then the kicker she wanted an extra $50 on top of the $120 I had paid for my 3/4 hours !  I was not happy with this and told her so but she insisted that she just about never does BBBJ so take it or leave it, I had the shits and left it so on with the DOM and she gave a weird CBJ where she went at my cock at a million miles an hour like a hoover I told her to slow down but that wasn't in her repetoire. I was glad I didn't pay for a BBBJ and the quality of her CBJ would lead me to believe that maybe she was telling the truth about not offering it often.
Anyway she lubed up and hopped on board cowgirl and again she went hammer and tongs like she was trying to force me to cum asap, she was acceptable tight but I was in no mood to be finished off so fast, there had been no foreplay of any sort beforehand no pussy play and no nipple licking so I wasn't really into it.  She suggested doggy and this was much better, she has a nice arse and I could control the speed, she played with my balls while I slammed her from behind, I played with her arse a little but didn't attempt the sneaky finger in the hole.
After I had blown my load and she cleaned me up she insisted that I sit on the bed and give me a neck and shoulder massage which was quite nice, she said she only wanted her clients to leave happy and mostly does not care about the time as long as her service is good.

Anyway it was a pretty lacklustre FS experience, no kissing no playing with her twat no nipple and tit sucking so for that I would give a lowly 5.5 /10

The massage ( which I hadn't bargained on ) probably a 7.5/10

As for her looks and personality I would give another solid 7.5/10

As for my worries about her cleanliness I probably misjudged the situation as she genuinely does not work out of the house we were in and so did not feel like she could offer a shower otherwise she was quite clean ( but did smell a little of garlic ).

I may visit her in Penrith some time  , maybe second time around there might be better interaction and maybe I can get a cheaper BBBJ and I can teach her to slow down !

$120 massage and fuck was OK but I can get better at RnT's , this is probably a case of YMMV .


Floor: #2
Post Time: 27th June 2012, 05:03 PM
Poster ID: james31
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Sorry forgot the most important part  PH - 0470358555


