Thread Title: Natalie -  Parramatta - 0414 589 545
Floor: #1
Post Time: 6th October 2016, 06:07 PM
Poster ID: Stanleylovesmilfs
Post Title: 
 Natalie -  Parramatta - 0414 589 545
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Natalie

Establishment : PWL

Date of Visit : 6/10/16

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Busty player Open? for NEW things !!!?? - Sydney escorts - cracker.com.au

Hours of Business : 7 days 

Rates : $150 1/2 hour, $200 p/h

Age : allegedly 24, more closer to 40

Size/shape : slim hourglass, c-cups

Nationality or Ethnicity : south East Asian 

Services Provided : "full service"

Value for money/recommend? : no fucking way

My experience/comments: found a good ad on cracker for a decent price, organised the root via txt. Place easy to find with minimal street parking. Got to the appartment and found out that it was an Asian pwl, was expecting stupidily Caucasian, photos were her but very flattering very basic English fwiw. Got in and was kinda disappointed from the outset but decided to go ahead with 30 mins instead of the usual hr that I normally do. 

Paid up, had a shower got on to the bed, was asked if I wanted a "suck" to which I said yes. Was looking for a bbbj but was hesitant to pay the extra $30. Blowjob was totally shit, she had no idea. Got her to go on top which was uneventful, had a full forest bush so opted not to go daty. She wouldn't allow touching of the vag. Got into doggie which was also lifeless after a few mins of pumping I had enough. Was kinda over it at that stage so asked for a hj, which she used baby oil. Total waste of time. I asked her to stop without blowing. Got up and then had a shower and got the fuck out of there. Got to the car and decided to go to riverwood Cougartown to get a far better experience (review to follow)


Floor: #2
Post Time: 9th April 2017, 01:34 PM
Poster ID: Xman2016
Post Title: 
 Natalie Double D Bombshell. Wonderful and remarkable experience - 32
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Natalie -Double D bombshell

Establishment : Ryde, private unit

Date of Visit : 9/4/17

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : ?? Double D bombshell . Wonderful and remarkable experience ?? - Australia escorts - cracker.com.au

Hours of Business : Call to find out 0414 589 545 

Rates : $150 / 30mins

Age : Advertised 32 - I would add another 10

Size/shape : size 10-12, B cup

Nationality or Ethnicity : Claimed to be Korean

Services Provided : Full

Value for money/recommend? : I should have walked but I took one for the team.

My experience/comments : 

" Natalie Double D Bombshell. Wonderful and remarkable experience - 32 " This was the title of the ad on cracker.

I haven't posted any thread for a while as I have been seeing two 'friends with benefit' last few months. Have not needed to punt.

Mr Wotan010 kindly reminded me that I need to contribute to maintain my bronze membership. I have enjoyed reading threads from this forum so today I thought I would fulfil my duty and try a private girl and to write a review. Both my 'friends' are out of action this week anyway. 

Didn't want to venture too far so found this cracker Ad.  ?? Double D bombshell . Wonderful and remarkable experience ?? - Australia escorts - cracker.com.au

Yes yes yes, it is always a risk but I have had some luck in the past with cracker so I thought I would try my luck.

Booking was fast and easy. She was very responsive.

I knew it was another scam when I saw her face. Definitely not Korean. Definitely not 32. Definitely not DD (somewhere between A and B).  I should have walked but I remember Mr Wotan010 so I ventured on! 

Apartment was new and I saw a big suit case in the living room and a sofabed covered in bedsheets with pillows so i knew this woman lives in the apartment. Two pairs of female shoes and a few makeup on the dining table.

Mattress on the bedroom floor. No funny smell so it was a good start.

Minimal english and she fumbled with her phone when she talked. I saw chinese characters (yes I am chinese). I was right, not korean but a 40+ chinese pork chop.

Shower, lied down, some nipple lick, 20 seconds of body rub, CBJ + ball licking and she jumped on cowgirl. I really, really and really tried my best to maintain my erection and I even closed my eyes pretending she was one of my 'friends with benefit'. It didn't work. It was such a horrible view so I told her to give me a hand job before I went flaccid.

I was really close to blow and she stopped because of cramps in her arm. Ok, I don't blame you. Got her to lie down and I sat on her tummy jerking myself off. She used her hands as  some sort of a guard to block her face so I don't shoot on her face....  thank goodness I managed to make myself cum on her belly / tits after two minutes of jerking. (I was so close to getting flaccid).

Quick wash. Ran out of the unit just under 20 minutes.

Well, I believe in karma. This woman definitely did not appear to be a professional escort and she probably was in some kind of hardship to do this. I saw this as an opportunity to help another human being and hopefully some good will come back to me. 

Her ad title was right. It was a remarkable experience that I managed to make myself cum under such hostile environment. It was also a wonderful experience to know that I did a good deed and some good will come back to me.....

Signing off.... heading out to buy a lottery ticket.....


Floor: #3
Post Time: 9th April 2017, 05:34 PM
Poster ID: Xman2016
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Ha.. same person... Can this forum allow users to search WL using their numbers? I would have searched before I went...


Floor: #4
Post Time: 9th April 2017, 05:52 PM
Poster ID: nextlif
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thats the whole idea. You can search by name, number or location.
[COLOR="#FFFFFF"].[/COLOR]
[COLOR="#FFFFFF"].
.[/COLOR]
Attachment 7113


