Thread Title: Natali - Sydney CBD - 0423 337 264
Floor: #1
Post Time: 9th May 2016, 11:37 PM
Poster ID: fluffstatic
Post Title: 
 Natali - Sydney CBD - 0423 337 264
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Natali

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 07/03/2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Russian Beauty Natali ? Russian escort in Sydney - Australia escorts - backpage.com
 0423 337 264

Hours of Business : 10am-10pm

Rates : $300/hr

Age : Late 30's/early 40's

Size/shape : Slim/petite

Nationality or Ethnicity : Russian

Services Provided : CBJ/DATY/FS/light kissing

Value for money/recommend? : Yes and no (see comments)

My experience/comments : So, two weeks after my first ever punt, I had the itch again and started trawling the internet for my next fix. Came upon this ad and was instantly attracted by the thigh gap. Her english was limited (as you can tell by the ad) but I was able to book her in for a session after work. Place was easy to get to and she greeted me at the door in the white dress in the photo.

She is probably in her late 30's or early 40's, really sweet innocent looking milf (I'm into older women), I would definitely check her out if I saw her on the street. Once cash was exchanged, I took a quick shower before starting with some light kissing (only light kissing was allowed, only bad thing about the whole experience) and wandered around her body with my hands and helped her take off her dress. Her breasts showed some signs of gravity/stretch marks as did her stomach but damn she was still way hot definitely a milf. I laid down on the bed while she put the condom on in a funny way like a person puts a sock on their foot by stretching the condom rather than rolling it on. I can tell she was a bit inexperienced but that a plus for me. 

After a bit of CBJ, we went into mish and then doggy. Unfortunately, I did not last very long and blew after a few minutes in doggy. She cleaned me up and gave me a light back massage with some lotion. I turned back around to my front while she worked with her hands to get me hard again. Was so bloody cute watching her smile at me as she used her hands on my fella. I guess it's hard for me to get hard again if it's not a BBBJ so I told her to lie down and time for her to relax with some DATY. She started off quiet but eventually started moaning a bit as I got into a rhythm. I held both her hands with mine as I kept going, they were so soft, and brought her to an orgasm and a huge smile after another 5 minutes or so. What a GFE!!!! Watching her get all excited with that huge smile got me hard again so straight into mish again. More light kissing. Back to doggy for the finish again.

If she DFK I would've probably seen her 10+ times already but it was not to be. Her ad has not been updated in a while so maybe she's on a break. Hopefully she comes back again. Overall I had a really enjoyable experience and would eventually go back to seeing her again for a repeat. Only reason i haven't been is because I'm new to punting so i want to see what else is out there. She is definitely in my top 3 so far. If she did DFK, I probably would not have tried other women and will have nothing else to write about!


Floor: #2
Post Time: 10th May 2016, 05:41 AM
Poster ID: pauldog
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by fluffstatic


 
My experience/comments : So, two weeks after my first ever punt, I had the itch again and started trawling the internet for my next fix......

She is definitely in my top 3 so far
"""



Surely Fluff she is in your top two!! Just joking btw - great review!


Floor: #3
Post Time: 10th May 2016, 04:08 PM
Poster ID: fluffstatic
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by pauldog


Surely Fluff she is in your top two!! Just joking btw - great review
"""



Haha that was a while ago! I've had a few more punts since!


