Thread Title: Natalie (cracker ad) paramatta 0452 368 554
Floor: #1
Post Time: 9th February 2018, 10:58 AM
Poster ID: justdane
Post Title: 
 Natalie (cracker ad) paramatta 0452 368 554
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Natalie/natasha

Establishment : private shop

Date of Visit : 15 jan 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : $100/30min?? Natalie ??Natural EE Cup ??? enjoy a good suck and sex in my apartment??0452 368 554 - Sydney escorts - cracker.com.au

Hours of Business : 

Rates : 

Age : my guess is late 20's

Size/shape : size 6

Nationality or Ethnicity :said taiwan but i think prc

Services Provided : cbj, cathbath, cfs

Value for money/recommend? : meh

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

This is another scam. They operate from a unit at 7 aird st. I said "they" because i got reply for my initial message from another number. And the original number that i used to contact them the first time was 0410849857. I think they have changed the ad a bit now.
The girl that i got wasnt the girl in the pict. Despite me asking them twice prior to the booking if those pictures are real. They assured me that they are. They even said they dont want to waist their time and my time aswell.
At first i thought the girl that opened the door was her. She was busty enough. But as soon as we got to the room  i knew i was trapped. She was probably wearing a bra 2 size up her actual size. And normally the girl would strip right away from the beginning. But not in this case. She kept her clothes on until almost half of the session. Started of with nipple licking on me. A ahort cath bah. A short cbj. At this time she was stilo with her outfit. So i asked her to strip. Only took off her top. She avoided kissing. I started to become impatient. So i took control. I got on top. Asked her to take off her bottom. She has hair down region. When i tried to do daty she said no. Then i snapped. 
I started to increase my voice. Tried to bluff her. Call her an impostor. I show her her ad, her text messages that says her pictures are real.that she said kissing is included. And what made it worst is that she has zero english. So she used her translation app on her phone to answer me all the time. And the translation from the phone really doesnt help much to the situation. I mentioned the word "police" to her a few time tried to bluff her. Soon she became softened. 
At this time i already lost interest. It took me almost 1,5 hours to get there only to be scammed. 
But i didnt want to go home for nothing. She then asked me to go back to fucking and said i could kiss. So finally i got over the line. And cleaned up and left. O ya the shower head was broken as well.
I normally dont.like to be rude to woman. But at that time i was just trying to give them a lesson. So my advice is to avoid this one. Waste of money and time.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 9th February 2018, 12:17 PM
Poster ID: bilko
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Cracker is the definition of a true punt but you rarely win! Also the prices are terrible when you consider whats in the area and regularly reviewed?!


