Thread Title: Natalia Socha - Sydney -  0412 037 804
Floor: #1
Post Time: 9th February 2016, 04:14 AM
Poster ID: robert.smith
Post Title: 
 Natalia Socha - Sydney -  0412 037 804
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Natalia Socha

Establishment : Private 

Date of Visit : 03/02/2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0412 037 804 , 0412037804 escort reviews ADs pictures - 0412-037-804 - Sydney escorts

Hours of Business : day time

Rates : $600

Age : 24

Size/shape : Athletic

Nationality or Ethnicity : Italy 

Services Provided : GF services 

Value for money/recommend? : Yes 

I have come to realise that I'm into the "experience" thing just as much (if not more) than the sex.

The kissing, the cuddling, the foreplay, the gazing into the eyes of a beautiful young lady.  And then I forget her eye colour :-\   I think the "gazing in the eyes" thing is more the impact of responsive facial expressions.

Natalia is very attractive and youthful.  I believe she is 22 y.o. but I bet she gets asked for ID every time she walks into licensed premises as she could pass for 18.

I'm a tall guy and Natalia reminded me just how much I dig petite women.  Natalia is petite in a lovely curvy way, with a fantastic squeezable butt, a waist you just want to wrap your arms around and a pair of out-of-this-world perfect D-cup breasts with the cutest little pink nipples that tend to invert when they are not aroused.

We spent the first half hour with a lot of slow sensual foreplay before getting a hat on for CBJ, mish & some doggy.  Then it was time for a breather and a cuddle while LM (little member) decides to take a time out. Oh, pretty good CBJ in my opinion by the way.  Next time I might ask for a bit more of that.

One of the GFE things I am into is lying with a head in a lap (face-up), which is how round two starts.

I am sitting up, while Natalia lies with her head in my lap and we gaze into each others eyes and I reach down to the Y and bring her to the big O manually  (or bloody close or she's an excellent actor).  Either way, it was a pleasure to watch.

As she lifts her head from my lap, whaddya know ?  LM is rearing to go again !!

So on with another hat and some cowgirl & mish before I asked to be finished with a HJ which Natalia performed admirably.

Sadly, the booking time is up at this stage, so it's a quick shower and a friendly kiss & cuddle goodbye.

I was not sure about Natalia initially when she opened the door because she looked so young it made me feel old.  But I got over that and started wishing I was 22 y.o again.  We did not click instantly, but I think we started to as we got into the foreplay.  It was maybe an hour after I left that I realised we clicked quite well and will have to return as there is a lot of sweet young Natalia I have yet to explore.


