Thread Title: Naughty Annabel - Pyrmont - 0433 252 802
Floor: #1
Post Time: 27th January 2010, 11:23 PM
Poster ID: Hohnerboy
Post Title: 
 Naughty Annabel - Pyrmont - 0433 252 802
				
Post Content: 
Naughty Annabel

Originally posted by me at HL and MHG, it has been a while since I saw her, but she is still advertising so she is still around



I came across her at the Charmed Escorts site ages ago, and thought she looked a bit of allright, but never followed up. Browsing around the various murky fun parts of the net I came across a post that mentioned Dominique was also known as Naught Annabel and my curiosity was re-aroused. Actually every time I looked at the pics of her I got aroused and found a voice deep inside me saying ' call this cutie, phone her, go and just do it' and you know what? I just did! 
She has a good phone manner, and made me feel comfortable with the few little kinks I had in mind, so I took the next big step and made a booking. 

Her apartment in the city was smart and tidy, but when she opened the door I only had eyes for her... what a honey! 
Her pics don't do her justice; she is small, petite, and beautifully toned. An Aussie girl of French/Italian background, mid to late 20's and classy with it. 

After a quick shower and mouthwash it was to the boudoir. GFE and French kissing is all part of the deal, and she certainly knows her stuff, then it was on to some BBBJ and DATY also at no extra charge. For only an extra $100 I also got to experience her gorgeous arse, and for those into it she will use a strap-on at no extra charge; I think she does other fantasies too but my cup had runneth over after 90 mins so I didn't enquire about anything else. 

After a nice cuddle and chat as I was heading out the door she mentioned that repeat visits would be $50 less, which given that seeing her privately rather than through Charmed you already save $40 it can't get much better than this. 

With the above sounding like a paid advert, I should probably add a couple of minor points to balance out the picture, Annabel was a more than unimpressed with any attempt at rimming, and when we did greek she only does it doggy style, ditto with the strap on, also I didn't get the feeling her heart was in either of those activities. 

All in all, I give her 9/10 and would recommend her to anyone who enjoys classy bright young things who like to get down and dirty

Visited around Nov/Dec 2007


Floor: #2
Post Time: 19th February 2010, 08:00 PM
Poster ID: Truffaut
Post Title: 
 Naughty Annabel - 0433 252 802
				
Post Content: 
For a while I have been wondering why Annabel has attracted such limited attention in the various on-line communities of the like-minded and interested. One the face of it one might imagine that more would have been quite a bit more written about her. She has a web presence that provides more than adequate detail about her services; photos that have a genuine look about them; and a small number of positive reviews. Finding myself with some down time to spare and an "itch" I had initially tried to make a booking with Lisa of St Leonards. Finding that Lisa was busy, I chanced a quick text to Annabel to enquire if she had any availability. Almost instantly a perky and polite text arrived indicating that Miss Annabel was indeed available. A time of mutual convenience having been negotiated I made my way to Pyrmont with that lovely mixture of nervousness and excitement that precedes encounters of this type.

Annabel's location is a modern apartment in an area that once had a commercial and industrial history, but more recently has been reclaimed and given over to residential development. I arrived at the agreed time and was met by Annabel. First impressions were that Annabel is a healthy and engaging young woman; there is an immediate sense (later confirmed) that she takes   very good care of herself. She is also, most definitely, attractive. Petite brunettes and redheads do it to me every time!

A short ride in the lift and I was led into Annabel's apartment. An offer of a cold drink was gratefully accepted, at which point I was led into the bedroom. Annabel then gave a clear and polite description of the basic elements of the encounter that was to follow. At this point I was struck by the polite matter-of-factness of events so far – I don't say this as a criticism, more just an observation.

The obligatory shower request was made, to which I replied that I was freshly scrubbed. Annabel gave my chest a bit of sniff and declared that, yes, I was indeed a clean boy and that I could have special dispensation from all ablutions. My second departure from the usual script occurred when I declared that when it comes to massages/massaging I am a giver rather than a receiver. Annabel giggled and said that she thought that we were going to get along just fine. At this point Annabel peeled away the light summer dress that she had met me in, revealing a matching floral and lace bra and panty set. At this stage my earlier assessment that Annabel is a fit young woman was confirmed. She is lean in a sporty and fit way, but has retained pleasing womanly curves in all of the right places.

The massage was commenced, and I hoped the combination of having endured first-year anatomy many years ago, and having gained a lot of enjoyment over the years from massaging partners, would hold me in good stead. Annabel provided ready feedback that my labours were paying off. An earlier review remarked positively about Annabel's bottom. Being the lifelong devotee of girls' bottoms that I am (you know, boobs or bums), I can confirm that Annabel has a taught and terrific bum. The oil-assisted massage then led to a slow transition into caressing, kissing and the other stuff! The other stuff has been described previously, and I can confirm that Annabel is well-skilled in this regard. There was a wonderful mix of sensualness and passion that led to a mutually pleasurable time. The matter-of-factness that I had noted earlier had certainly not persisted; there was a level of warmth, comfort and genuine effort to pleasure and be pleasured that is rare in commercial encounters.

Some other observations about Annabel: she is an intelligent person with university-level qualifications, who is well-read and has opinions on a diverse range of issues – art, linguistics, law, cinema, the psychology of relationships and sexuality. Annabel is warm and an easy person to feel comfortable with. All in all she is the sort of person who if you met her in a social setting you might find yourself talking intensely with for hours, flirting intermittently, and hoping like mad that at the end of the evening you might get her phone number.

I have become a committed fan of Miss Naughty Annabel. I am still left wondering why this lovely lady isn't the toast of the review world.

Truffaut (a two-time beneficiary of having spent time in Annabel's company)N


Floor: #3
Post Time: 19th February 2010, 08:22 PM
Poster ID: someone or other
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Welcome Truffaut and thanks for your first review.

Enjoy the forum.

Cheers s.o.o.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 19th February 2010, 09:59 PM
Poster ID: andrewblake
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
great to see you here T! welcome to our new home!

ab


Floor: #5
Post Time: 25th April 2010, 12:25 PM
Poster ID: benhorsley69
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Great review and I can only agree with all you have said Annabel is FAB, just a delight and left me feeling glad I'd seen her and wanting to rush out and start a yoga class, thats how she gets that magnificent fit, toned healthy lil bod. Ive seen her  2 or 3 times I think I will have to go back soon.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 3rd June 2010, 09:37 PM
Poster ID: kirai
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
how much for the services? Saw the same name in 6 star models, is that her?


Floor: #7
Post Time: 4th June 2010, 08:05 AM
Poster ID: Steve6969wright
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Arrrr see the things you learn when you read and not just text books. I had never made the connection between Annabel and Dominique.
I remember dominique from the charmed web site and I think I may even have some video footage of her that I downloaded from the charmed site when they has short clips of some of there girls. That was many years ago now.

They now have that weird pin up girl site which (and maybe its just me) I think is a little odd. They dress the girls up in all many of outfits and shag them. Odd but I have never realy had the desire to shag a girl in a bummble bee outfit LOL. Mind you if it was that or nothing LOL look out bummble bee.

Diferent strokes for different folks I guess

Steve


Floor: #8
Post Time: 4th June 2010, 08:41 AM
Poster ID: Xmin
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by kirai


how much for the services? Saw the same name in 6 star models, is that her
"""



It's been a while since anyone has seen her it would appear, so why don't you find out and get back to us.

Re the 6 Star models girl, can you post a link so someone can compare


Floor: #9
Post Time: 11th October 2010, 01:40 PM
Poster ID: geoffc
Post Title: 
 Naughty Annabel Review
				
Post Content: 
Establishment and/or person's Name:Naughty Annabel

Contact Details/Address:0432 252802

Hours of Business: (if known or applicable)

Prices:$400

Age:26

Size/shape:size 6 / Petite

Nationality or Ethnicity:French/Italian

Services:Almost Everything

Value for money/recommend?:Very good value/ highly recommended

My experience/comments:Annabel is a delightful,exquisite young lady. She is very intelligent, well educated and very very sexy. The hour that I shared with her was fabulous. She provides a GFE service and I certainly felt like a boyfriend even though I am somewhat older. A week has nearly passed since I was with Annabel and I am still can feel and taste her sensuality & warmth. I have been with a few other ladies but she is by far the best. I live intersate and I will visit her again as soon as I can.


Floor: #10
Post Time: 10th December 2010, 01:45 PM
Poster ID: adultlover
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Over the past couple fo years i ahve seen annabel about a dozen or so times as she is so addictive.
On you first visit she may not open to you but once you open to her she will kindly respond.
I have experinced most things with her from greek to BBBJ with CIM (she only did this after a year or so of seeing her) to bdsm and my favourite part is biting!!!
She is an awesome gril who alothough is pushing 40 i woudl fuck over any 20 year old
shes in indai at the moment getting into her yoga and i cant wait for her to get back


Floor: #11
Post Time: 10th December 2010, 02:58 PM
Poster ID: FriarFuck
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
India eh.... So not only are they getting all our jobs but our hookers too!


