Thread Title: New Owners, Formerly (Pink Rose - 361 Edwards Pl, Penrith)
Floor: #1
Post Time: 4th May 2014, 09:09 AM
Poster ID: feelus
Post Title: 
 New Owners, Formerly (Pink Rose - 361 Edwards Pl, Penrith)
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : BoBo

Establishment : Pink Rose 

Date of Visit : 21/03/14

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Pink Rose - Warning - Penrith | Sydney | Massage | Brothel | Escort | Adult Service | Best Sex | Top Hot Girls in Penrith, Sydney

Hours of Business : I believe it's 24 hours but I could be wrong

Rates : 30mins $90, 60mins $150

Age : Early 40's

Size/shape : Busty

Nationality or Ethnicity : Korean according to her but I think Chinese

Services Provided : CBJ, Full service

Value for money/recommend? : No

My experience/comments : First time visit for this establishment and was left disappointed. The photos of BoBo looked great (if you're a big boob lover), which is the reason why I ventured out so far. However, even now, I still don't know if I was a victim of a bait and switch as the girl on the website doesn't seem to match the girl I was given. Yes the girl was busty but not as busty as the girl on the website (perhaps some clever photo shopping). Her looks are average but I guess not bad for her age. The shop is definitely a MILF shop.

The place itself is a bit dingy, particularly the shower. I washed up quickly and she joined me on the bed. She proceeded to give me an enthusiastic cat bath for about 10mins which was appreciated. I just closed my eyes and enjoyed her tongue lapping up my body, picturing a younger and prettier girl than the reality. LB became hard and she grabbed it and almost put her mouth over it but then went to reach for a condom. As I'm not a fan of CBJ, I decided to skip this part and we just went straight into cowgirl position. This went for about 5mins and I actually started to lose my erection as her body didn't really do it for me and she was not that tight either which didn't help. So I pulled out and just asked her to give me a cat bath whilst I jerked off and when I approached climax she finished me off with her hand. We clean up with little small talk and I get out of there ASAP.

Not a very satisfying punt and don't think I will return but I guess that's why they call it punting.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 26th June 2016, 05:19 PM
Poster ID: Rayo
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Tina

Establishment : Pink Rose, 361 Edwards Pl Penrith

Date of Visit : Saturday Jun 25, 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 02 47211069

Hours of Business : 10AM till ?

Rates : $70 for half hour

Age : Mid thirties

Size/shape : Size 12, a bit overweight, large floral tattoo on stomach

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Covered FS

Value for money/recommend? : No

My experience/comments : I found myself in Penrith again on Saturday, I did not want to revisit 393 Edwards, (Kyoto), and saw a sign a few doors up so I decided to try it out, Entry is off Edwards lane, quite discreet, and up some creaky old stairs, I saw a quite attractive milf who told me the rates and asked me to sit down and she sent in one girl, Tina, who was keen to get me into a room. I asked the receptionist if anyone else was available as I was not particularly attracted to Tina. She said Tina was only girl available so I paid for half an hour.

Tina got me to have a shower and left the room briefly and when she returned she removed her clothes to reveal a solid size 12 plus body with nice natural C cups boobs and a large tattoo on her stomach, She got me to sit on the bed and she had a quick shower, annoying as I only booked half hour, she could have showered after last customer or before I arrived, She motioned me to the bed and commenced a half hearted massage which I quickly tired of and pulled her down on the bed next to me. She specifically avoided me touching her pussy as I tried to reach down to stimulate her pussy.

Tina then got up and I thought she said " me Suck" but she grabbed a dom and I thought Ok, cbj, I can handle that. But after she put the dom on she just mounted me in cowgirl and started straight away with the FOAM and did not offer a lot of movement and obviously expected me to take the initiative, so I rolled her over and asked if she had some lube, and I just got a blank look, so I managed to get it in in mish, although it felt very dry, and of course the FOAM started again, and again it was doing nothing for me so we switched to doggie and I was at least able to get some deeper penetration and after about 5 minutes I managed to blow my load. At least I managed to achieve what I came for. 

Tina did nothing for me and was overall pretty disinterested and mechanical and I was glad I only spent the $70 on her. I would not recommend her . I have now ventured out to Penrith twice, two different establishments and two pretty ordinary punts, if anyone knows about any decent establishments out there I would like to know as I will need to spend some time out Penrith way.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 4th December 2016, 02:23 PM
Poster ID: Probe
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Muang Na ( I'd guess that's how it spelt

Establishment : Pink Rose

Date of Visit : Dec 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 361 Edwards place, Penrith. ???Re-opening brand new shop in Penrith Sydney. Many uni girls from 21yrs to 26yrs??? - Sydney body rubs - backpage.com

Hours of Business : 24/7

Rates : daytime special $80/30mins

Age : I'd guess early 40's

Size/shape : Chubby size 16-18, big saggy D cups

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese 

Services Provided : CBJ, DATY, FS

Value for money/recommend? : Not really

My experience/comments : had seen this place was under new management so I thought I'd give it a try.
Walked up the creaky stairs and Muang Na met me at the door and took me to the room. Only she was available the other 2 girls were busy, I was in a bit of a hurry so went for it.
The place is a bit of a dump, shower was broken only the hose useable. There's a full length of the bed mirror right next to the bed which I thought was a good idea until I later saw the dried cum streaks on it.
Showered and onto the bed, she gave quite a good CBJ (her choice, she wanted $20 more for BBBJ which I declined). After a few minutes I went down for DATY which was surprisingly quite nice, she got quite wet and seemed to cum a couple of times. Into mish and had to start really gently as she was so tight and seemed a bit uncomfortable. After a bit she relaxed and begged me to fuck her harder. It didn't take long and we both came together. Not a bad massage followed until time was up, showered then left.
Muang Na was quite nice and gave quite a good service. She's not particularly attractive and a bit too big for my liking. Would recommend if you're into Asian BBW MILFs.


