Thread Title: Nia, Greek Lady - Bondi Junction - 0484 320 438
Floor: #1
Post Time: 17th December 2015, 10:49 AM
Poster ID: jackmartin1
Post Title: 
 Nia, Greek Lady - Bondi Junction - 0484 320 438
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Nia

Establishment : private?

Date of Visit : November

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0484320438  private house in Bondi Junction

Hours of Business : 9-5

Rates : 150-250

Age : 40

Size/shape : slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : greek

Services Provided : FS/R&T

Value for money/recommend? : SO SO

My experience/comments :
Search Cracker under Niato find pics
must say pics are glamorous compared to real
she is slim fair complexion with short brown hair
A-B size tits with good body.
booked for FS but on arrival changed to R&T due to no attraction to her on my part.
nice enough lady but just didn't do it for me.
fair massage and tug and was out of there within 20mins
be aware of traffic congestion during peak hour as on main road and entrance not discreet.
miles may vary so go see for yourselves.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 10th January 2016, 11:09 PM
Poster ID: birdlover69
Post Title: 
 Nia - Greek Cougar - Bondi Junction
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Nia

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 4/1/2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0484320438 / Bondi Junction / Nia...Lovely Greek ?? Cougar Wants to Use Her Body to Slide All Over You... - Sydney body rubs - cracker.com.au

Hours of Business : N/A

Rates : Massage with extras - mutual oral, french kissing, teasing = $250

Age : 40

Size/shape : Fit, says she is size 8 c cup, sounds about right.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Greek Australian

Services Provided : Erotic Massage, CBJ

Value for money/recommend? : Alright I guess

My experience/comments :

Booked Nia after seeing her ad on Cracker last weekend. I like to book the massage before going Full Service.
Address was easy enough to find, she greeted me in kind of pole-dancer gear, not my kind of look but she was bubbly and cheerful which was nice. I showered in the provided facilities first then set myself on the table for my massage.

Nia quickly found out that I like having my anus played with, she kept blowing on it and making erotic sounds which just felt fantastic, have never experienced that before and it was nice. As normal I blew my load pretty early on (she was getting me pretty aroused). She rolled me over and then mounted the table in a 69 position for the CBJ. She let me give her oral and allowed me to play with her butthole too, her body was nice and clean.

One negative is that she did have Cigarette breath, which for me is a bit of a turn-off.

The experience was ok. Would I go back? probably not, it wasn't an unpleasant experience but I have had better experiences. I probably prefer more GFE, she is probably more suited to the other end of the spectrum I would suspect.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 12th January 2016, 12:50 AM
Poster ID: raventank
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
When I first saw photos of Nia on Cracker, she just reminded me of French Melanie. When I look at the photographs it makes me think wow its just like if Melanie had a twin.

I can;t stand escort who smoke and don't clean their mouths afterwood.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 12th January 2016, 12:20 PM
Poster ID: WOTAN01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by raventank


When I first saw photos of Nia on Cracker, she just reminded me of French Melanie. When I look at the photographs it makes me think wow its just like if Melanie had a twin.

I can;t stand escort who smoke and don't clean their mouths afterwood
"""



I cannot find your review of Melanie, can you give the link if I have missed it?

In fact you have made no reviews since May last year. Maybe you should go and see Nia and solve the riddle.


