Floor: #1
Post Time: 12th July 2019, 08:18 AM
Poster ID: Oz.punter123
Post Title: 
 Nicha/Lisa - Wolli Creek - Sydney - 0416 436 250
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Nicha/Lisa

Establishment : 

Date of Visit : April 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.escortsandbabes.com.au/P...endent/Lisame/

Phone : 0416436250

Hours of Business : 

Rates : $220/hr

Age : 23

Size/shape : Slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thailand

Services Provided : GFE

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : 


Hi Fellow Punters

My first review here. This punt took place in April 2019 when she used to go by the name Nicha. I have already reviewed her on another forum as well. I am still new to the punting stage and have see a few WLs, but there are only 2 girls so far that have left me with fond memories, Alana being the other one, i will review her later.

I will start with some background as to why i choose to punt with Nicha. I few weeks before i saw another WL (my second punt ever), who goes by the name Lisa in Campsie with verified E&B pics ( I will do a warning review on her too at some stage) but something wasn't right about her and as i was still new i couldn't say no and walk out. I somehow managed to sin and left feeling weird and dirty, don't really know how to accurately word the feelings. Anyway after that encounter i wasn't very keen on punting for a while and i stopped trusting the "Verified Pics" logo on E&B. After a few weeks i started browsing on skokka and found Nicha, she had full face pics on display and looked pretty. So i decided to take one more shot at punting and if it didn't work or if she wasn't the lady in the pics i was going to walk and leave punting for good. 

So good news, she is indeed the girl in the pics and i found her very pretty with a nice body. She also has a bubbly personality and easily calmed my nerves down. The location is Wolli Creek, parking is a nightmare, the apartment was nice and tidy. She told me that she lives with another WL (didn't see the other girl). As for the service, CBJ only, no DATY, DFK only if she allows (i was one of the lucky ones), she is tight and doesn't moan excessively. Enjoyed her in different positions. She likes it if you go slow. 

Overall she is the reason that i am still punting. 

P.S. not sure if we are allowed to post pics here, I have posted one but if its not allowed please forgive me.


