Thread Title: Nicha - Rhodes - 0410 473 178
Floor: #1
Post Time: 2nd May 2019, 12:32 PM
Poster ID: bigdickmalone
Post Title: 
 Nicha - Rhodes - 0410 473 178
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Nicha

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : April 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://m.locanto.com.au/sydney/ID_2...00-pics-o.html

Phone : 0410473178

Hours of Business : Text to find out

Rates : $200 for hour

Age : 25

Size/shape : Slim with small natural breasts

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Full Service

Value for money/recommend? : good value for money

It just wasn't my week for punting and was losing hope that I wasn't going to get my dick wet, so many duds

1st attempt session - organised a date with a girl I'd seen before, and had a great session in the past with all the bits I enjoy (cof, cimws) so I get there and she doesn't answer so I leave without getting my balls drained

2nd attempt session - confirm numerous times that the girl is in one I'll be seeing and not Asian. Get there and wouldn't you know it the woman is in her 40s and Asian so I walk away again balls not drained

3rd attempt session - make appointment with an Aussie girl, confirm it's her 100% and make my way to her hotel. I get there and she is standing outside on the phone, I walk past her and I hear she's having this conversation with someone about a car. She then proceedes to take off running after a car (full on sprint) that is pulling away. I'm like wtf and I walk away and again balls not drained

4th attempt session - make appointment with Asian girl who has full pics of her. Now I've been to this private venue (but operates sort like a place where privates rent out rooms for sessions) before and had a good time so I was like ok should be good.i make my way there and once I'm there they say the girl I'm after who I'd confirmed isn't available but there is someone else. Not bad looking but I was pissed they made me drive all the way there only for my first choice to be booked. So I walked and again balls not drained

5th attempt session - usual make appointment get there and the Indian cutie I was planning on seeing turned out to instead be Manjula the 40something year old cleaner, yuck so again walked away balls not drained

So now dear reader if you've stayed with me this long we get to the actual review of Nicha the young Thai beauty.

Her ad has her face pics so after such a bad week and a full ball sack I decided fuck it, I'm going to try.

Got to her place in Wolli creek and made my way to her place. She buzzed me in and once she opened the door a huge sign of relief washed over me.  Yes she is the one in the pictures and she is quite cute. 
Small in stature but a nice body with cute little tits.

She starts of with a cbj which is quite good and I then get her on the bed. She mounts me and starts riding me, what a nice sight. Her tits are small but perky and her ass is beautiful. So I grabbing her ass and tits and she is riding me. She isn't as vocal as I'd like but it's better than over the top fake moans. 
We the switch to doggy and I go at it hard from the back grabbing her nice little ass. It's quite a good sight and even better feeling.

I finish off in missionary and putting her legs to her ears. 

Rinse and repeat for the second go. Balls well and truly drained

Was what I needed 😀

She is quite friendly but her english isn't great so have to take your time explaining things but it was worth it. 
Her pretty looks and nice tight body and a good fucking experience. Price is also right
I had a good time and will return later before she heads off (the usual she's here studying English)

Cheers Big D


Floor: #2
Post Time: 2nd May 2019, 02:31 PM
Poster ID: letmein123
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
What an adventure you've had! Glad your balls got drained.

This girl sounds good! I might just go see her when I'm in the area.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 2nd May 2019, 07:33 PM
Poster ID: flelak
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
The link shows she's located at Rhodes.
Was she in Wolli creek or Rhodes?


