Thread Title: Nicky - Kingswood - 0434 717 569
Floor: #1
Post Time: 29th May 2019, 08:28 PM
Poster ID: sunhats
Post Title: 
 Nicky - Kingswood - 0434 717 569
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : asian happy

Establishment : private house st marys

Date of Visit : 29/5/19

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://sydney.locanto.com.au/ID_340...ian-happy.html

Phone : 0434 717 569

Hours of Business : 7 days 9am - 8.30pm

Rates : $80/30mins

Age : 40

Size/shape : curvy big fake books big bum 

Nationality or Ethnicity : maybe thai

Services Provided : cbj FS  massage

Value for money/recommend? : ok

 

 found this on locanto will paste the pic here and the link to add although the link will expire  https://sydney.locanto.com.au/ID_340...ian-happy.html


the woman i saw is not the woman pictured, but the couch is the same couch that she is on and the teddy bear was on the bedside table in the bedroom,  was greeted at the door of a suburban private house by an asian woman in her 30s that looked like a junkie, i asked if anyone else was here because i would have walked if it was just her, so out came another asian woman that looked descent and attractive to me, into a bedroom with a double bed, bedside tables,so had a CBJ followed by fucking in various positions from mish to face down doggy, then a half arsed massage, the place was clean and the shower was good. 

the lease on this place is expiring but she told me they are moving to another house in St Marys, this is just a brothel operating with no more than 2 women at a time , the woman in the pic would probably be available some days but i did not ask. this is not a busy place,  the service was average this time, might try one more time for a different woman at the new place.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 18th August 2019, 02:05 PM
Poster ID: Probe
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Nicky

Establishment : Asian Happy, private unit now in Kingswood 

Date of Visit : 18/8/19

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://m.locanto.com.au/sydney/ID_3...ian-happy.html

Phone : 0434 717 569

Hours of Business : 9-9 I think 

Rates : $80/30 minutes 

Age : mid 40’s I’d  guess

Size/shape : Quite pretty, short, curvy, size 14-16, big natural DD’s, bit of a belly, shaved but stubbly pussy, random tattoos all over.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : DATY, Spanish, HJ, fingering 

Value for money/recommend? : Yes it was quite good.

My experience/comments : I’ve been curious about this place since reading Sunhat’s review above. Had the chance today so called and made an appointment . I was greeted at the door by a quite pretty and chubby Thai lady with huge tits. Into the room paid up and was left to strip.
Nicky soon returned and dropped her outfit, she was nude underneath. I explained to her about my prostatectomy and I think she took it as a challenge to try to get me hard. She started with body kissed and rubbing her tits all over my cock and balls. I usually find the butterfly kisses a bit annoying but she made it quite sexy.
I’d given her my knee to grind herself on while I sucked her tits and after a minute or two she got a bit flustered rolled off and opened her legs. I took that as an invite and went down. She has a chubby pussy obviously with very small flaps. Her clit was very responsive. I rubbed her arse and she started bucking on my finger. She wasn’t particularly wet and my mouth was dry from the spliff I had before I got there so I didn’t push beyond the first knuckle. After a couple of minutes she came hard , her arsehole clenching on my finger. 
I let her recover for a minute then I moved up the bed hoping for a BJ but she grabbed my cock and stuck it between her tits. I started fucking her tits and rubbed her pussy. I eased a finger into her pussy and rubbed her g spot. She started moaning and wanking me furiously, I got a second finger in and she went off and came hard again. At the same time I came too. We caught our breath and she was trying to work out where my spunk went, it was quite funny, I explained to her that it’s all dry now. 
Nicky gave quite a good massage for the remaining 10 minutes .
All up it was quite good even though I didn’t get a BJ. Her HJ was very good. Would return, my only concern is she just put her sarong type dress back on as I dressed. Hopefully it was just to show me out then she would shower. But just be safe would see her early in the day. Also a shower wasn’t offered at all.
I’m pretty sure the unit next door is a similar set up too, not sure if the work together


