Floor: #1
Post Time: 25th January 2020, 11:07 AM
Poster ID: Oz.punter123
Post Title: 
 Nicky/Nui - Thai - Wentworthville - 0450 388 239
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Nicky/ Nui




Location: Wentworthville, NSW




Date of Visit : Mid Jan/2020




Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Her E&B link is currently down, 




Contact Number: 0450388239




Rates : $130/30mins




Age : 23




Size/shape : Size 6-7, Slim


Bust : Enhanced C Cup




Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai, but looks Indian




Services Provided : CBJ, DATY, FS




Value for money/recommend? : Yes




My experience/comments :




My first punt of 2020. I had seen Nicky's ads before when she was going by the name Nui (which apparently is her real name). I was horny and was after a quick relief so sent her a sms and got a fairly quick respond. Time set, i had a quick shower and drove to Wentworthville. It was a block of units and parking was not easy to find. However once there, she sent clear instructions with images to get to her unit. She greets me at the door and takes me to a room almost right next to the entrance. The rest of the hallway was blocked with a bedsheet. I could hear other women's voices. She told me she shares the place with another working girl. The room was typical for most asian joints, just a couple of mattresses piled on top of eachother in the middle with a small bedside table and a fan on the floor. There was also a mirrored built-in wardrobe but it was on the opposite end so couldn't be used for an extra visual effect. 


She greeted me wearing a short white dress, she is a small girl maybe around 5'3" with a nice soft enhanced rack. She is quite dark, the darkest Thai girl i have ever been with, has an Indian girl look to her and she even admitted that most people think that she is Indian, she is quite pretty and smelt really good as she just had a shower. 


Handed over the dough and we got straight into business. I asked if i can do DATY on her, to my surprise she agreed (first Thai chick to do so). She had a nice small pussy, no bush and it tasted good. A few mins into it, it was my turn to get some tongue. She gave me the rubber to put it on and then proceed to give me an arite CBJ, nothing special but it was that bad either. Then it was time for the main event, we started of with missionary, where is was also able to suck on her pointy nipples and feel the boobs, they were enhanced but done really well, soft to touch and not too big, suited her perfectly. She had her eyes closed and was moaning ever so softly, which made me even more pumped. After that we switched to cowgirl with my hands firmly gripped on her rack. This is were i finished. 


So overall it was an enjoyable session, my first for the year. Got to do DATY oh a Thai chick.


These are her pictures


