Thread Title: Nicole, BBW - Artarmon -  0478 146 212
Floor: #1
Post Time: 19th September 2014, 10:46 AM
Poster ID: SeaRay
Post Title: 
 Nicole, BBW - Artarmon -  0478 146 212
				
Post Content: 
On Cracker there is a new B.B.W. size 18 - 22 with huge Breasts operating in Artarmon who has NO name as yet which is why I listed her as T.B.A. for the MODS to change latter on, here is her advert, she has posted a photo but I have no idea how to cut & paste it here

 cracker.com.au/artarmon-lower-northern-sydney-2064/erotic/escorts-adult-services/new-n-aughty-nicole-bbw-10am-10pm-open-minded-busty-sensual-curvy-and-eager-to-please/404371147/advert.htm?pageno=1&search=true&advertcategory=79&  return=1&keywords=nicole&region=3 





			
				NEW! N-aughty Nicole! BBW! 10am - 10pm. Open minded, Busty, Sensual, Curvy and Eager to please!

Hello Gentlemen! 
If you're looking for a friendly and open minded, and non-judgemental girl, who is professional, but also enjoys sex, then you have found me. 
I'm a 35 year old, BBW (Big Beautiful Woman! Size 18 - 22), Australian girl, with fair skin, and a natural D cup bust, with gorgeous long brown hair, and sparkling blue eyes, with a sexy curvy body. 
I'm sensual and patient, with an easy going nature, and I enjoy what I do. Time spent with me, will be casual, comfortable, and un-rushed. And I'm always discreet. 
I offer a variety of experiences, including GFE (Girlfriend Experience), and my Full Service includes: Kissing and Cuddling, Mutual pleasure, Erotic Massage, Oral, and Safe Sex. 
I can do some extras, and am also open to your suggestions! but NO Anal. 
In calls at my private apartment in Artarmon (5 minute walk from station, or on street parking). Outcalls also available. 
I prefer gentlemen 30 and older (But will consider younger), and Mature gentlemen are especially welcome. 
I only take a small and limited amount of appointments, and days and times vary constantly, so text me if you want to arrange ahead of time for a definite booking on a certain day/time. 
Gratuity: 
30 mins (Full Service) = $130. 
1 hour (Full Service) = $220. 
Or 
30 mins (Oral but no sex) = $100 
Note: No price negotiations sorry! And Extras cost more. 
Longer times available. Outcalls are extra. (Taxi fares). 
Bookings taken between 10am and 10pm only. (Unless arranged prior.) 
Feel free to send me a brief text if you have any queries. 
Note: Cash only, so please bring correct change, or you will have to leave me the rest as a tip for my wonderful service!  
By appointment only, with at least 45 minutes notice preferred. 
If your running late for an appointment with me, or you can't make it, please call or text me. 
If you'd like to book some time with me, Please Text me first, (If possible), as I can't always take calls depending on where I am, and often have to let the phone ring out, so if you text me, then I will definitely text you straight back as soon as I can.  
Text me anytime!!! No private numbers!!! 
IMPORTANT: Please only bother contacting me, if you are happy to see a bigger sized girl. I don't send out photo's for privacy reasons, so only book me if you are not bothered by my being a curvy girl! 
As stated, I am a BBW, so obviously am larger than the average girl. In clothing, I am a size 18 top, and size 20-22 pants. 
I'm average height, and have large breasts, and I am bigger on the bottom half of my body! So I have a bit of a tummy, and bum and thighs... So yeah, point being, only contact me if that's all okay with you, and you're happy to have some big girl love!  
Thanks. xxx


Floor: #2
Post Time: 19th September 2014, 11:28 AM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
<Way off topic>
Note that the forum has a hissy fit with the word "N aughty" in posts or links.

To workaround this, put a hypen between N and a eg N-aughty Nicole
</Way off topic>


Floor: #3
Post Time: 19th September 2014, 12:42 PM
Poster ID: Stevegem
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Only a d-cup with her size? No pics other than one pathetic lips and nostril pic, lol
An ad that waffles on and on. 

This one screams avoid to me

Ill buy beer and nuts whoever TOFTT and proves me way wrong


Floor: #4
Post Time: 19th September 2014, 04:44 PM
Poster ID: andraye
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Agreed SG. Im totally ok with a bbw but give me a clue pic wise without a face is fine. Would not punt this one sight unseen


Floor: #5
Post Time: 19th September 2014, 08:00 PM
Poster ID: Hot_kp
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by Stevegem



Ill buy beer and nuts whoever TOFTT and proves me way wron
"""




Hmmmm. Sounds like a challenge there SG lol.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 20th September 2014, 09:36 AM
Poster ID: Stevegem
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by Hot_kp


Hmmmm. Sounds like a challenge there SG lol
"""



Cashew or beer nuts ?


