Thread Title: Nikita, Outcalls only - Waitara - Cracker ad only
Floor: #1
Post Time: 25th October 2013, 04:18 PM
Poster ID: jamesjl
Post Title: 
 Nikita, Outcalls only - Waitara - Cracker ad only
				
Post Content: 
Here is the other lady I saw last week. I hope this is better. This is the only other escort I have seen lately

Person's Name : Nakita but also works under the name poppy

Establishment : Private working girl/outcalls only

Date of Visit : 14/10/2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : NIKITA, the saucy European masseuse - St Ives | Escort / adult | Erotic | Cracker

Hours of Business : She is very busy and hard to get a booking with

Rates : $$200

Age : Early 20's

Size/shape : C cup, slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : European

Services Provided : DATY, FS, Massage, Prostate Stimulation

Value for money/recommend? : If you like attitude and someone who complained of being sore

My experience/comments :
I had been emailing Nakita for several weeks before I was able to get a booking. She is very busy and very popular but also has a very busy personal life so is hard to get a booking with. 

She arrived at my apartment dressed in a sexy short dress, tights and high boots. It was very sexy. She had a European accent which sounded Eastern European but I am not sure from where. She had tight perky C cup boobs and a very slender body. It was somewhat awkward as this is the first girl I have had come to my place and she was not good with making small talk. I suggested we shower together as I have a huge double shower which is perfect for foreplay

We undressed each other. I couldn't help but notice she had on those huge underwear that normally old people wear but she undressed fast presumably so I wouldn't notice. We played and fingered in the shower for a bit but she doesn't do any natural play so it was somewhat limited what we could do. She also did not kiss at all which got a bit weird if you ask me. We got out, dried off and went to the bedroom. She gave me a CBJ which was alright but seeming as I wasn't fully hard I had to grow into it which was somewhat uncomfortable. 

I asked her to put another one on which she did and then she got on top of me and started to ride me cowgirl. She got tired after about two minutes of this and asked me to go on top. I got on her and started doing her missionary, however she said she was sore and I was hurting her. She suggested we tried doggy. This was the same, a little bit and then she was hurting. She applogised and said she had tried to squeeze three days of bookings into one day as she had been sick and the guys had been very rough and hurt her. I do not no why she did not cancel on me.

Anyway she gave me a CBJ again but started checking her phone every minute. I was getting rather annoyed at this and then all of a sudden she jumped up and said time was up and got dressed and left. I looked at my phone and she had only been there 45 minutes.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 25th October 2013, 07:29 PM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Nikita's Cracker ad ( NIKITA, the saucy European masseuse - St Ives | Escort / adult | Erotic | Cracker ),





			
				NIKITA, the saucy European masseuse

Price: $150.00
Location: St Ives
Viewed: 17565
Date Posted: 19/10/2013
Ad ID: 404050414
Unable to Render Image

Hi there! I am Nikita, a sexy, sensual, well-spoken masseuse from Europe. Please, use the cracker form here to contact me with your email address. Please, note: I shall not call you until we have been in touch via email.

I DO OUTCALLS only , ON THE upper NORTH SHORE.
If you can't see me at your place, perhaps you will consider renting a hotel/motel room of your choice in Upper north shore, between Chatswood and Mt Colah.

Please, do not request a booking on the day of your email - I am very busy and take bookings well in advance, due to my various commitments and responsibilities. I am currently taking bookings for next week. I mostly work evenings but sometimes mornings and afternoons can be arranged too.

As I have been getting requests recently about this, I would like to say that I am happy to meet with: couples, women, transgender, straight, gay, lesbian or bi, able bodied as well as people with physical handicap - I DO NOT JUDGE and I support the rights of any minority! Please, email me to discuss and make a booking! Don't be shy, I am very friendly and open-minded.

I provide a firm, sensual body rub, with a full nude body slide and hand relief.UNPROTECTED FRENCH and UNPROTECTED INTERCOURSE ARE NOT OFFERED. THANK YOU.

PROSTATE STIMULATION IS OFFERED for men - EXPERIENCE THE MOST AMAZING ORGASM OF YOUR LIFE - YOU WILL COME BACK FOR MORE, guaranteed! Gentle, comfortable introduction to anal stimulation for men - whether you have tried it before or have not and feel curious.

I treat all my clients with respect, and I expect the same back. I like
new clients who haven't tried this before, as well as returning clients, who are always very welcome.

I am slim, petite, with firm c-cup breasts and a nice butt. I have short brown hair and green eyes. My skin is fair and smooth. I am healthy, clean and fit.

My FEES for OUTCALLS are:
$150 an hour for massage and hand relief ($280 for 2 hrs);
$200 an hour for massage and full service ($380 for 2 hrs);
plus $20 for the prostate stimulation. Other extras to be discussed in person.

Minimum booking for outcalls is 1 hour, depending on your location.
I look forward to meeting (and touching) you!
THANK YOU.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 25th October 2013, 08:17 PM
Poster ID: CunningLinguist
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by jamesjl


 started checking her phone every minute. I was getting rather annoyed at this and then all of a sudden she jumped up and said time was up and got dressed and left. I looked at my phone and she had only been there 45 minutes
"""



This is really poor form, I would have gone limp from that, checking your phone means you are not interested.
If you pay that sort of money you want her full attention.
Also cutting the session short is a big no in my books.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 25th October 2013, 09:58 PM
Poster ID: jamesjl
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I only just found out she works at 280 pacific highway hornsby too. That was an awkward line up. She waved and smiled at me like I was going to go with her again...picked someone else


Floor: #5
Post Time: 6th January 2015, 06:03 AM
Poster ID: pauldog
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Nikita

Establishment : Private working girl/outcalls only

Date of Visit : Dec 2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : NIKITA, Various Cracker Adds - St Ives, Wahroonga, Gordon et al

Hours of Business : Outcalls via email so whenever you can get a booking

Rates : $200

Age : Mid 30’s

Size/shape : C cup, chubby

Nationality or Ethnicity : European

Services Provided : DATY, FS, Massage, Prostate Stimulation

Value for money/recommend? : Not for me really

My experience/comments :

She advertises as a sex worker but also has cracker ads for a sugar daddy which is more what I think she is looking for as she has a kid or two. Though I doubt it would be an exclusive arrangement. She currently has five consecutive cracker ads up; Friendly Female, Gordon; Let me please you - poppy, Turramurra; Nikita, St Ives; Generous male wanted, St Ives; and, Seeking Gentleman Support, Wahroonga. She also advertises as slim with a C cup - I would say not so slim with a C cup and a bit saggy.

She is a friendly enough girl but the service was just average overall. Little bit of this and little bit of that but just didn't flow and we didn't connect. Her $150p/h for massage and relief is a bit high but $200 for FS is ok.

I did get a free golden shower (or at least my feet did) which was unexpected and not overly welcome - at the end of the session we showered together and she just let go in the shower. I don't mind saving water and peeing in the shower but I am usually alone for it! I have heard that peeing on your feet prevents tinea so maybe she was subtly commenting on my shower cleanliness (it is very clean btw).


Floor: #6
Post Time: 6th January 2015, 06:53 AM
Poster ID: trapper
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Turns me on seeing a woman have a piss


Floor: #7
Post Time: 6th January 2015, 07:42 AM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by Taceas


Person's Name : Nikita

Establishment : Private working girl/outcalls only

Date of Visit : Dec 2014
.

"""




Thank you for review Taceas.

Good review and good catch about her multiple ads (all that I have seen emphasising outcalls only, prostate massage and non-judgmental)

Here's Nikita as Poppy,



from let me please you - Turramurra | Escort / adult | Erotic | Cracker


