Thread Title: Niko - Private Apartment in St Leonards - 0433 346 606
Floor: #1
Post Time: 10th October 2017, 11:47 PM
Poster ID: Sam_D
Post Title: 
 Niko - Private Apartment in St Leonards - 0433 346 606
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Niko

Establishment : Private apartment in St Leonards

Date of Visit : 25/09/2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : ????? ???????? ?? 0433 346 606 Niko Private girl with 5 star service ????????????? - Sydney escorts - backpage.com.au

Hours of Business : 10am - 10pm, days vary

Rates : $110 - 30 mins, $180 - 60 mins + extras

Age : Late 20's/Early 30's?

Size/shape : 8, slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Hong Kong

Services Provided : BBBJ ($50 extra), DATY, Mish

Value for money/recommend? : Not for me

My experience/comments : 

I hadn't ever tried a Backpage ad before, but being all for new experiences, thought I'd give it a try. A lot more risky than going to an establishment, but I was willing to take the punt. St Leonards is close to me so I figured I'd search for that and see what came up. Niko appeared in the search pretty early on and despite being cautious about how real the photos might be, I figured I had nothing to lose (other than my load and a few dollars). The photos looked great on the ad, so I sent a text asking about availability. Got a reply straight away saying she was available, gave me the building number (very close to the station) and told me to call once I was outside. I decided to go in completely blind i.e. didn't ask any questions about services provided, whether she was shaved (which I always prefer) etc. I approached it like a bet - I was willing to lose $110 for 30 mins. I called once I got outside and the voice of an older lady (Niko's assistant or the owner of the apartment?) answered and gave me directions on which number to call on the intercom and what level to go up to. Nice and easy. When I got out of the lift a door to an apartment was open and the older lady called me over. As I entered the apartment, Niko was standing at the end of the hall, looking pretty fine. She walked up to me once the door was closed and guided me towards the bedroom, which had an ensuite. Handed over the $110 and asked to have a shower. At this stage, despite her very nice looking face and figure, I noticed her English was almost non-existent. Although I wasn't there to chat, I do prefer to be able to communicate with words fairly easily when I'm with a WL. 

Shower was nice, better than some of the brothels around, being it was a private apartment. Niko was waiting for me, but seemed to be messing around with her phone and going to get things a bit and since I only had 30 mins, I found that a bit annoying. Eventually when she joined me on the bed we started to touch each other and get things going. She definitely has a nice figure and is really pretty (great hair too) but I just didn't feel like she was very enthusiastic. Maybe she just wasn't into me that much? It wasn't fatigue as she later told me I was her first customer of the day (using an app to translate) so either she's just not that into it, wasn't into me or we just didn't click. 

She moved into position to give me a blow job and I asked for no condom. She whispered something and I asked her to repeat it and this happened about 4 times. I just couldn't understand what she was saying. I guessed that she was saying $50 extra for no condom, but still wasn't sure until the end of the session when we were saying goodbyes and she asked for the $50 extra. Although that is really steep, I'd prefer to just pay it and not have any kind of mood killing argument about it during negotiations and especially not once the service has been performed. Plus I find it hard to get hard with a CBJ. She actually gave a pretty decent BJ in the end too, so I guess it was worth it in some respects. But almost as soon as I thought she might be getting into it all a bit more, she made me feel hurried again. She reached for a condom and wanted to have sex then, but we were only about 5 minutes in and I wasn't going to last fucking for 25 minutes. So I told her I'd like to lick her pussy for a while before sex. No surprise - she didn't know what I meant. So I had to mime it out for her. She lay on her back and I moved between her legs. She had a nicely trimmed bush and a nice pussy to lick, but again, she just wasn't into it. After a couple of minutes she stopped me and reached for the condom again. By that point I was kind of hoping to just get this over with as we just weren't clicking e.g. I love licking pussy and have sometimes spent entire 30 minute sessions just doing that and she wasn't interested in it at all. She dommed me up, lay back down and I rubbed the head of my cock up and down her pussy a few times before pushing myself in. In true Sammy style, I didn't last too long, but considering the circumstances, it may have been a good thing. My orgasm was quite draining though and I rolled off her onto my stomach. "Massage?" she asked. Part of me just wanted to shower and leave but sometimes you get a decent massage from WL's so I figured I'd see what was on offer. Wish I hadn't. She used some weird techniques - slapping, pinching type things. Not really enjoyable at all. 

I guess having had a not-so-great experience for the 30 minutes, it did cut a bit to have to pay an additional $50 afterwards. But it could have been a lot worse and remember, this was from a Backpage ad. I've read some bad stories about them - fake photos, loads of extras etc. so maybe I got off lightly in some respects. And at least I got off! 

With the right guy, maybe she'd be amazing (she certainly looks pretty good) but she just didn't do it for me unfortunately. Would love to hear from anyone else who's seen her.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 13th October 2017, 02:22 PM
Poster ID: Sam_D
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I should have mentioned, there seems to be a rotation of girls on the contact number and in the apartment. Seems to be mostly girls on holiday here, so perhaps English won’t be great all the time in this apartment.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 13th October 2017, 05:17 PM
Poster ID: Punterman2
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
For what it's worth, my advice is don't waste your money on privates. In a shop the owner has a certain expectation and also the girls are mostly competitive so they will be made to try hard or they won't stay there.

Once a private has your cash you are at her whim and after reading countless reviews like yours and also having done a fair few myself in the past I am convinced that shops are the only way to go. Can't really remember a good private. Perhaps the odd one.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 14th October 2017, 12:22 AM
Poster ID: CunningLinguist
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I have had good privates before. If you treat them with respect and have a connection they can be great. One of my all time best regulars was a private.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 14th October 2017, 08:33 AM
Poster ID: Bluey651
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Jenna is a private provider. 

Case closed.


