Thread Title: Nina - Parramatta - 0431 434 638
Floor: #1
Post Time: 8th May 2018, 03:26 PM
Poster ID: Bluey651
Post Title: 
 Nina - Parramatta - 0431 434 638
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Laila. Actually saw Nina

Establishment : Private apartment. parramatta. Several girls there

Date of Visit : May 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://sydney.locanto.com.au/ID_243...NAL-LAILA.html

Hours of Business : probably until very late

Rates : $200 hour + $

Age : 28

Size/shape : Size 12 chubby and short

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : FS, Asian DFK, FIV, DATY, Anal, BBBJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

I am wary of the Asian Locanto ads but I was in Parramatta and was toey. I contacted Laila. She sent a picture and I made a time. I rolled up and it was Nina who was there. I showed her the ad. She says she give me good service. I did not mind. She was prettier than the ad. I told her it was $250 including Anal. She said $300. I said goodbye. Suddenly it was $250, as agreed by text.

Quick genital check. Real mode killer. She kept saying too big for bum. I said I am tiny. I am not big at all. If penises were redhead matches. I would be lucky to light a candle. Off to the shower and back.

Nina was waiting. She was undressed and she was a small Asian princess. Absolutely gorgeous. We talked via translator and then she was onto me. Holding me and kissing. Rubbing herself up and down. I got her to slow down. We then were more passionate. She seemed to enjoy this more. Her BJ was average. But to see a tiny Asian princess bobbing her head on your cock. Kodak moment.

I returned the favour with DATY. She was very wet. We then dommed up and went Mish and side saddle and many others. Doggie was great. I then went to do anal. She was tight. When I went in she tried not to squeal. After a couple of strokes I could see she was uncomfortable. I gently withdrew and told her I do not want to force her to do this. I do not want to hurt her. The smile and relief on her face was wonderful. She was all over me then. Like a lost lover. We had a great time after that. Her cleanup was sweet and sensual. She made sure I was happy. Nina then grabbed my phone and gave me her number. She then rang her phone from mine so she had my number. Shit. We have arranged to meet again. She thanked me for not making her do anal. She offerred my $50 back but I said keep it. She tried.

I feel for some of these poor girls that come here on the promise of making easy money and are then forced to do acts they are not comfortable with. I hope most of our members would treat these ladies with the same respect and compassion. Because I was nice to Nina I got great service afterwards.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 8th May 2018, 05:44 PM
Poster ID: markjohns5431
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I don't feel sorry for these girls. Most of them were probably doing this work back in their home country. And here in Aus they could work a regular $20 an hour job but they make the choice to make the quicker, easier money. 

If you feel sorry for them, either don't see them OR pay them generously as you have done and you get to feel virtuous!

Personally l have a Philippine cleaner who Works unbelievably long strenuous hours, I'd rather give generously to her. Just my two cents.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 8th May 2018, 05:52 PM
Poster ID: Bluey651
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I feel sorry because they are not fully informed of what they must do.
Most think it is a GFE service until they are told to do what they have to.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 8th May 2018, 06:27 PM
Poster ID: AussieGuy1968
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I have given up on these advertisers for that simple reason... They have no idea what the managers are advertising and when it comes to acts like anal, these girls can experience difficult and painful situations... Kudos to the OP for not pushing it when he realised she was not enjoying it (I feel for these girls when the punter isn't so kind).


Floor: #5
Post Time: 5th July 2019, 04:46 PM
Poster ID: Bunty4
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Well done bluey651.... respect....it was amazing of her to offer 50$ back and nice of you to let her keep it.


