Thread Title: Nina Fae - Blacktown - 0468 315 141
Floor: #1
Post Time: 9th March 2020, 11:38 AM
Poster ID: joker2750
Post Title: 
 Nina Fae - Blacktown - 0468 315 141
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Nina Fae

Establishment : PWL

Date of Visit : March 2020

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.escortsandbabes.com.au/P...endent/Nina22/

Phone : 0468 315 141 

Hours of Business : Varies. By appointment.

Rates : $150 - $250 + $50 extra for massage.

Age : 39 (but maybe a few years more)

Size/shape : Hourglass, size 12-14.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie/Euro

Services Provided : Massage, BBBJ, mutual oral, CFS

Value for money/recommend? : 

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

I recently was in Blacktown area and was looking for massage with happy ending.  Found ad for Nina on E&B and the size of her breasts and mutual touching massage ad was enough for me to contact her for a booking.  She had 2 ads running and the other was for full service, so I figured that if things got heated and the chemistry was right then that could be an option. Nina prefers phone call for first visits so I gave her a call and she answered and was pleasant on the phone, asking what I wanted and I told her massage with happy ending and maybe more.  She suggested that I take the FS with massage as an extra.  The price wasn't much different and charged me $180 (although I see the ad says $200), so I made booking for about 90 minutes time.

Arrived at hotel south of Blacktown not far from M4, texted Nina and received room number.  There was no security so was able to walk straight to her room.  Got there and was greeted by same person as in the photos although I think she looked better in person than her pics.  She seemed happy, smiling and was wearing some nice negligee. There was a professional massage table, soft music and scented electric candle which set a bit of a relaxing mood.  
She confirmed what I wanted and the price again.  I gave her $200 and she went to get change but I told her not to worry, so she said thanks and that she would give me some extra time.  Was offered a shower but didn't need one, so clothes off and unto the massage table.

Massage was nice, not very therapeutic but more like kahuna with plenty of touching between my legs and plenty of rubbing of her huge breast over my back with plenty of free flowing conversation.  About 20 mins or so and she gets me to lay face up on the bed.  She starts with laying on her side with her legs open and starts a pretty good bbbj with plenty of ball licking and occasional deep throat.  She grabs my hand and encourages me to play with her and she already seems wet.  She then rolls over and puts herself into 69 position pushing her smooth and wet pussy down on my face while she continues with BBBJ.  She seems to really be enjoying this and cums soon after.

She then grabs a condom and puts it on me with her mouth and lowers herself onto my cock in reverse cowgirl position and begins to ride me up and down. It felt good and looked great.  After a few minutes we changed position into doggy and I was going pretty hard whilst rubbing her ass cheeks and the occasional rub of her asshole, which she didn't object to.  Was tempted to try a finger in her ass or ask about anal but was enjoying the moment so I didn't in case it was a mood breaker.

I prefer not to blow in the bag, so I asked her to finish me off with her hand or mouth to which she had no problem with.  I laid on my back and she stood above me and lent forward and started jerking me off with some more bj thrown in whilst I rubbed her pussy.  It was a good look and felt great and wasn't long until I let out a fair load which she continued to milk until the last drop.  She hopped off, laid beside me and grabbed some wet ones and cleaned me up before offering me a shower and fresh towel.  Quick shower by us both, then got dressed, bit of chit-chat, then left with a kiss and a hug.

All up, I was there about an hour which seemed to go fairly quick.  Nina was really nice to talk to, gave a pretty passionate service and seemed pretty easy going.  There was no list of do's and don'ts, so I think its a matter of simply asking what you want beforehand and see how you go. Although I'm not in a hurry to go back, I did enjoy my time and I'd be happy to go back sometime soon as I think that it could be even better as she got to know you.


