Thread Title: Nisha, Indian Princess - Merrylands - 0405 810 756
Floor: #1
Post Time: 19th July 2014, 08:25 PM
Poster ID: Jack Kerouac
Post Title: 
 Nisha, Indian Princess - Merrylands - 0405 810 756
				
Post Content: 
Nisha Indian Princess
Private at Merrylands
Phone: 0405810756 

Howdy Mates,

This is a review of Nisha Indian Princess.

It took me awhile to get a handle on this review, but patience is its own reward.

To understand this punting experience I need to give you a bit of background. We are all sentient beings, that is we have feelings. Three feelings that come to mind that relate to this punt are anticipation, shock and disappointment. Now, if you look up these feelings in the dictionary you will find they all have different meanings, but being sophisticated beings, we can experience these almost at once.

How do I know this? Because I have both felt and experienced others feeling them and I saw it by the facial expressions they had.

First, I remember how anticipation, shock and disappointment manifested themselves on my face simultaneously. One time, before Xmas, my parents kept telling me that at Xmas day I would really enjoy music on that day. I interpreted that this meant I would get a hi-fi system that would blow your socks off. I looked forward to this and imagine the moment that I realised the music my parents referred to was an LP that was the musical soundtrack to the movie GI Blues starring Elvis Presley. At that moment of realisation my face showed briefly anticipation, shock and disappointment. There was no stereo system and only Elvis singing Frankfort Special.

Of course I didn't see my own facial expression, but I did see anticipation, shock and disappointment on the face of my father after the following exchange when I was 11 years old::

Dad: What do you want to be when you grow up Jack?
Jack: I want to buy a monkey and be an organ grinder.
Dad: What?
Jack: An organ grinder with a monkey.

I will never forget 'that look' that contained anticipation, shock and disappointment in one and the same moment.

With my mother 'that look' was even worse. I went home on leave when I was in the Army and was of course in uniform when I arrived. While sitting down for dinner the following exchange occurred:

Mom: What do they call that hat you were wearing?
Jack: A cunt cap Mom.
Mom: A what?
Jack: A cunt cap.
Mom: DON'T YOU EVER LET ME HEAR YOU TALK LIKE THAT AGAIN!!	

In that moment she had 'that look', but we could also throw in to the mixture disgust and absolute hatred of me in that moment.

Now we come to Nisha the Indian Princess.

Nish advertises on Cracker two types of service. The first is full service for $100/30 and $150/60. She also advertises for a glory hole for $50.

Those of you ignorant characters out there may not know what a glory hole is. It is a hole cut in the wall and you stick your cock through it and a total stranger that you do not see or talk to sucks it on the other side.

I talked to P.Diddy and Diddy and I agreed we had to try this glory hole thing as it sounded quite exciting.

We made our way out to Merrylands and she is located a hop, skip and jump from the station. It is in her flat which is one of those typical redbrick, two bedroom apartments and, in this case, was located on the 1st floor.

Diddy has become both more knowledgeable and adventurous over the years. In the beginning he thought DFK meant 'difficult to find knowledge'. Now he knows it involves joining gobs and tongues together. He has ventured from Caucs to Asians to trannies.

For me, Diddy is both a heroic and a mythic character. He is the guy who will have a punt on the way to a punt and then have a punt on the way home from a punt.

Diddy went in first. He is brave. He was gone about 20 minutes and came back with a smirk on his face. I asked what happened and he said for me to find out myself. I gripped him in a half nelson and he squealed everything. My experience was sort of like his.

When I got up to the first floor I was greeted by Nisha. She looked late 30's, early 40's, D cups that were not as firm as they used to be, shaved pussy and makeup that looked like it had been applied with a trowel. Her lipstick looked about 2.5 cm thick. Her Indian accent you could cut with a knife. She looked a size 12-14 and looked like the older auntie of an Indian princess.

She took me to the bedroom closest to the front door. It was partitioned off. There was a seat facing a metre square 'hole' cut into a partition that separated one part of the room from the other. The chair was in front of the square and to my right was a cathode TV screen with what looked like some 1970's VHS porn. The detail was so poor I could only make out that it was a black guy drilling a blonde. (Not a pretty picture folks.)

She told me to get myself hard and then stick my cock through the square. First of all, I am 182 cm tall and the square was at my kneecaps level. I just physically couldn't do it. I told her my cock wasn't working and the square was too low. Further, I was disappointed the glory hole thing wasn't anonymous. That's part of the thrill. As soon as I realised what the set up was, I had 'that look'.

I paid her another $50 for half hour full service. She then came behind the partition and led me to the 2nd bedroom. It was then I became aware of the powerful odour of curry and stale tobacco smoke. Both were big turnoff for me.

When we got to the other room it was in total darkness and what followed was an event so mechanical that I should be given the award of 'wind-up toy able to orgasm sans (without any sexual feelings'.

An example of it being mechanical? Look at the following exchange:

Nisha: What is your name?
Jack: Jack.
Nisha: Nice to meet you Bob.
Jack: It's Jack.
Nisha: Sorry about that Ron.

Folks, once movie critic Dorothy Parker said of a Katherine Hepburn performance "She could have phoned it in". Nisha could have done that with me.

I am not into necrophilia  (sex with the dead), but with her, she laid there like a cadaver in full rigor mortis. I wanted to hold a mirror to her lips to verify she was still alive.

It was pretty bad folks and I felt relief when I came and met Diddy outside again.

Diddy: How was it?
Jack; The best ever!
Diddy: You're kidding!
Jack: No shit Sherlock.

So there you have it. My glory hole experience bit the dust. I was controlled by anticipation, then shock and finally disappointment and folks they were all in one goofy facial expression smeared on my kisser.

I have to go now.

Catch you again soon.

Until that time friends . . .until that time.

Jack


Floor: #2
Post Time: 20th July 2014, 02:36 PM
Poster ID: ggg4me123
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I think that is one of the best reviews I've ever read.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 20th July 2014, 03:05 PM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
The Cracker ad has gone but this is what it looked like so folks don't get fooled again,





			
				Price: $50.00
Location: Merrylands
Date Posted: 28/06/2014
Ad ID: 404295409

Glory hole services provided to genuine clients. Located in merrylands close to railway station. Please remember when you call for bookings please mention you want glory hole service. Do not ask for description of the girl as this takes away the excitement of the glory hole service.

The way it works is, you come in pay the money you will be directed to the room which has a hole in the wall you put your penis through the hole get a BJ to hand relief then please leave. There is no talking in the room and no seeing each other for privacy, that's rules of this services.

$50 only.





My gender: F
Looking for : M
contact seller
Phone: 0405810756
			
		

Also this CraigsList ad,





			
				Indian beauty (Merrylands)
Indian beauty very discreet, full passionate service, girlfriend experience. Busty, olive skin, long black hair and olive skin Size 10.
Private location in merrylands, Sydney,
Half hour $100 and one hour is $170. There is a happy hour from 10am to 1 pm every day booking essential pay only $80 bring the right amount. Cash only no card faculties.
Full nite stay based on hourly rate . Please note no picture services.
Please call on the day to make a booking. No time wasters.
Phone number 0405810756
Please note: I do not read text messages and don't take private calls.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 20th July 2014, 06:32 PM
Poster ID: milkyjoe
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Who and what is diddy and p diddy.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 20th July 2014, 06:41 PM
Poster ID: andrewblake
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by milkyjoe


Who and what is diddy and p diddy
"""



It is dear uncles nephew.. His punter partner in crime!.. There are a few of us.. If you have met uncle in real life.. Diddy is one of my punter bros.. In the good old days.. We all used to meet up on a night.. Have a feed and beers and then punt!.. That's how AUXR started!.. History!.. 

AB


Floor: #6
Post Time: 20th July 2014, 06:46 PM
Poster ID: andrewblake
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Nice to see you back Dear Uncle!.. 

Nephew AB


