Thread Title: Nympho Nat - parramatta - 0401 495 373
Floor: #1
Post Time: 22nd June 2019, 09:34 PM
Poster ID: JJwalker
Post Title: 
 Nympho Nat - parramatta - 0401 495 373
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Nat

Establishment : PWG

Date of Visit : June 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://au.skokka.com/escorts/sydney...285f226494357/

Phone : 0401 495 373

Hours of Business : By Appointment 

Rates : $450 an hour

Age : 30

Size/shape : a little tubby

Nationality or Ethnicity : Caucasian 

Services Provided : Bbbj, cfs

Value for money/recommend? : fuck no

My experience/comments : so I had just finished up at Supanova when the urge to punt hit me. May have something do do with all the cleavage and skin right clothing on display with the cosplayers. Anyway trolling through skills when Nat fought my eye. Wasn't too far away and she looked all right. So reached out and booked her. 

She sent me to a new hotel in parramatta where she had to come down to the lobby to let me in. Lo and behold who should come down but Cassie form rydalemere. I should've turned away at that point blood was rushing in a different direction. So we went up to her room. 

As soon as we entered the room it became clear was she was so spacey. The room reeked of marijuana. It was like walking into a wall. Anyway got into the shower then to the bed where she undressed and and started a bbbj. It lasted of all of 10 seconds before she asked to duck. The bbbj was horrible so I said sure and she grabbed a Dom and hopped on. I lasted about a min before blowing the bag. We cleaned up and she went outside to have a smoke while recovered. Should've walked then but I paid for an hour. She came back in and we started again. Bbbj went for 10 min (incredibly mechanical) before she hopped on. That was when a foul stench hit the room (3 guesses where it came from) at which point I deflated. Made up some BS  about being to tired, showered changed and left. 

Would I return? Fuck no. Let this be a warning to the newbies.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 4th July 2019, 08:46 PM
Poster ID: mikej
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Just got an hour for 150. No pussy stench. Seemed to have lost a bit of weight in a bad way and no longer a PAWG.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 25th July 2019, 02:17 PM
Poster ID: AP007
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Nat (Cassey at Royal Asians a while back)

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 25/07/2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.escortsandbabes.com.au/P...ent/OzNymphoz/

Phone :0401 495 373

Hours of Business : 24 hours it seems

Rates : What I got was about $120 for half an hour and $200 for an hour

Age : Late 20s early 30s

Size/shape : Size 8-9, slimish with a tiny tummy

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : BBBJ, CFS

Value for money/recommend? : Eh not really

My experience/comments :

So after a discussion with a fellow punter who said Nat gives special rates to those who mention her previous experience in brothels, I decided to text her and see what we could do. Now I'm notoriously bad at bargaining and I've learnt this the hard way in both here and overseas destinations several times. So you can trust me when I say, it was really easy to bring her price down. I've never actually bargained with a working girl, and really even now, all I did was mention her past experience and she was ready to do pretty much everything for $200 an hour. Thus this review will be based off that pricing, not really her outrageous pricing on her ad.

Anyways through text it's pretty simple, no fuss and she seems nice enough (whether it's her or an agent). At the moment she's staying in Macquarie Park in a hotel. Pretty simple just had to wait for her to come down and get me from the lifts and up we went. To my surprise, she's actually not the worst in the looks department. Average to a little above average, but not as bad as some people have reviewed previously. It is obviously different from person to person however.

Up we went, I paid her for 30 mins ($120 it was) and was told to undress and lay on her bed. When she went out, that is when I realised she's living with a girlfriend in the room. A bit uncomfortable but eh I've already undressed and am waiting. She then comes in and undresses out of her tracky daks and tshirt to reveal a slim body with a little tummy. Her tits are a nice handful to grab too. Not the worst again a bit above average.

Another thing to note is she seems really quiet and seems to answer questions about 2-3 times. Definitely either seemed tired or on a substance.

She goes for the BBBJ almost straight up. I would rate it okay. Not amazing but not the worst. It's not too hard and not too soft but definitely no enthusiasm from her. After about 30 seconds she suggests I fuck her. I tell her to keep sucking maybe for another 30 seconds and she continues. Eh it got me hard and ready is what I'd say.

Onto the fucking, pretty starfish experience. She definitely prefers if you're on top. I had to actually ask her to take out a condom other wise she was nudging me to go in bareback. So BBFS is on the cards for sure. I didn't take the risk. Fucked her in mish then doggy and blew in the bag. 

After that I washed up while her and her gf seemed to be having a little argument over where her slippers are. Anyways, took me all up about 15 mins to leave and I paid for 30 mins. Didn't really want to stay in there longer and not sure she would've kept me there.

So to sum it up:

Pros:
 - Cheap caucasian WL
 - Willing to do pretty much anything from the sounds of it

Cons:
 - Starfish all the way
 - Needs a lot of direction
 - Situation is unprofessional

So overall I would recommend to steer away. Plenty of Asian WL out there willing to give a safe and comfortable service in a much more private and professional setting. She might be good for all you BBFS connoisseurs out there but that's not for me so I'll steer clear.


