Thread Title: Olivia Bellevue - harold park - 0449 101 346
Floor: #1
Post Time: 4th October 2016, 03:33 PM
Poster ID: gurupub
Post Title: 
 Olivia Bellevue - harold park - 0449 101 346
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Olivia Bellevue 

Establishment : Private residence

Date of Visit : August 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0449 101 346 http://www.oliviabellevue.com/home/ 

Hours of Business : by appt

Rates : $450 hr. I paid $250 for 30 min as she was having a special

Age : Early 30's

Size/shape : athletic size 10-12

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : FS

Value for money/recommend? : Absolutely at the special price.

My experience/comments : 

Stumbled on her ad, and had her on my radar. Saw she was doing a Special rate, so couldn't resist. Booking was easy enough, but got the feeling same day bookings wouldn't work out. Later found out that she doesn't live here, so guess she needs to organise the apartment and what not.

Gave me the rough details on where to go, the new apartment buildings in Harold park/Glebe. Once I parked the car, gave her a call and followed her directions up to the apartment. Really nice modern place...really nice!

Had a quick chat, exchanged gratuities, had a shower, and into the bedroom. Removed her sexy little dress, and had a little kiss, cuddle, touch and lick. She returned the favour, and was very good at it. All her service was protected, but she got as close to going bare back bj as you could, I was almost thinking she was going to go without. 

Her body is a fit firm sexy example of how a lady can be curvy and athletic while still being petite and feminine. Don't get me wrong, she is not a muscle bound gym rat, but you can tell she works out, often, especially he ass and legs. 

On to the business end of the meeting. No point going into the specifics, but was a typical GFE with a professional WL. Very sensual, and as passionate as you can be with a new WL you just meet. Lots of kissing and cuddling. Once I finished, I finished her off with my tongue. Had a Little chat, and left. Ended up going over time, but she never seem to push me out the door. In fact I kinda made the wrap up.

The pics on the web site are 100% her. If you call her you can get the password to the un-blurred pics. I didn't bother, so cant speak to what they are. If she was a blonde or had bigger boobs, no doubt she would be one of Sydney's higher class girls charging much more. Not sure how long she has been in the business, perhaps she is still building up her profile/clientele. Get the feeling she does these "specials" often.

All in all great experience and a great girl.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 5th October 2016, 10:09 AM
Poster ID: MattC
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I've seen this lady before, she used to go under the name of Ella Roberts 0405 579 016. She's rebranded so she can charge higher prices lol. http://sydney.backpage.com/FemaleEscorts/australian-brunette-beauty-genuine-photos-passionate-gfe/11307218

She was decent value at her old rates $200 for 30 ( she even used to do $150 for 20 mins)  as she's pleasant, and got nice natural breasts but is a bit older (at least mid 30s I'd say) and has a somewhat pudgy face (which would have been better 5-10 years ago, but now is a bit saggy and lined). 

I definitely don't think she's good value at $300/30 mins or whatever as you can get some real stunners for that price (like the Russian girls who do natural oral included). 

But if you're after a more mature woman who you can chat too then she might be worth seeing at the special price.


