Thread Title: Olivia BetriXxx -Sydney - 0450 147 393
Floor: #1
Post Time: 8th September 2019, 04:45 PM
Poster ID: kevintracey8686
Post Title: 
 Olivia BetriXxx -Sydney - 0450 147 393
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Olivia BetriXxx

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : September 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.escortsandbabes.com.au/P...ndent/Adelina/

Phone : 0450 147 393

Hours of Business : 24/7

Rates : $250 for half an hour. 

Age : Profile says 27 and she appears to be around this age.

Size/shape : Thick ass, thick thighs, small natural breasts (about a handful).

Nationality or Ethnicity : French Canadian

Services Provided : BBBJJ, DFK, filming, full service, DATY, rimming on her.

Value for money/recommend? : Yes.

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

Was searching for private girls who allow filming and stumbled across Olivia's profile on Escorts and Babes. I'm a fan of booty and Olivia's profile looked promising. Made a half hour booking which is a standard length for new girls I see. 

Showed up to her serviced apartment in the city and her pictures are up to date. Had a quick shower and entered the room. She started off by rubbing that booty over my cock while I was standing up. The closest comparison I can make to her body would be the porn star Maddy O'Reilly. I then sat on the edge of the bed and she was grinding on my cock. She eventually got on the bed and was showing off her body while on all fours. She definitely knows how to put on a show and have already relived it on my big screen TV 

She started sucking my cock and she has great technique. Very porn like in that she always had a hand on my cock stroking it up and down while sucking which I prefer. She eventually put on a condom and rode me reverse cowgirl. Her ass is nice and thick and if your an ass man I would definitely see her. Changed to normal cowgirl and then did a brief 69 where I ate that sweet pussy and booty hole  Eventually ended up in missionary where I was able to get some DFK in and eventually came.

Olivia is good value for money and if you're an ass man I would definitely check her out. She knows how to put on a show and charges a reasonable rate for filming unlike some other providers. She said she's in Australia for a year with her friend she does doubles with and will be working in a few states. I will definitely be seeing her again whenever she's back in Sydney. 
0450 147 393


Floor: #2
Post Time: 24th September 2019, 12:45 AM
Poster ID: narddog04
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Anyone have a working link to see pictures?


Floor: #3
Post Time: 24th September 2019, 09:07 AM
Poster ID: downthelane
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by martyjay69


Anyone have a working link to see pictures
"""



An internet search of her name brings back escort directory profiles with pictures (and video).


