Thread Title: Paige - Haymarket - 0428909005
Floor: #1
Post Time: 8th June 2018, 05:02 PM
Poster ID: asprek
Post Title: 
 Paige - Haymarket - 0428909005
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Paige

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 08/06/2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :  0428909005 / https://m.locanto.com.au/sydney/ID_2...ustralian.html /  https://twitter.com/paigesensual?lang=en

Hours of Business : 12pm + 

Rates : $250/hour

Age : 20's

Size/shape : 8/Curvy

Nationality or Ethnicity : Caucasian

Services Provided : RnT Body Slide

Value for money/recommend? : Yes 

My experience/comments : 

Browsing through Locanto for a private RnT, my interest was piqued by her ad. Charge was just around my current budget and she seemed to be pretty attractive. Booking was smoothly done the day before through text which she swiftly replied. 

As usual, I received a confirmation text on the day from which I was given the incall address and detailed instruction to reach the unit. A couple of knocks and the door was immediately opened by Paige who was wearing a loose robe revealing her curvy body in black lingerie. My goodness, the blurred pictures on her ad really can't hide her beauty. Taking a look around the incall place, it was clean and dimly lit for mood.

She ushered me to a sofa where we had a bit of small talk before going straight to business. The base charge does not include touching down there and that is an extra $50. Never mind, I am keen on just cuddling today anyway. Financials settled, I am heading straight to the shower. It is supplied with mouthwash, deodorant, and mint. Shower was pretty strong too which was nice though you gotta be careful not to slip. 

Lead by Paige to the bedroom, she then took off her clothes as I laid down on the bed. Starting with a soft oil massage and tickle tackle with her hands, she proceed to massage my back again her luscious boobs, top to bottom. What a feeling  Flipping over, I got to explore her curves and yes, those perky tits, while she slide over my body and worked on my lil bro. As she held my hands firmly while I was grasping her breast, she finally brought me over the line. A bit of cuddle after the clean up, she laid her head on my hand with her leg on top of mine while we chit chatted away (and me again getting a good feeling on her boobs  ) Time was up, I took a shower with a dried towel (she put the towel I have used from initial shower into the dryer at the beginning of the session, a nice touch), and went off. 

Overall a fantastic experience. Keen to try her other extras next time (prostate massage) ... or go for FS (this is her FS ads : https://m.locanto.com.au/sydney/ID_2...xperience.html )


Floor: #2
Post Time: 8th June 2018, 06:02 PM
Poster ID: sleazyryder
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Claims to be 23 yoa. Claims to be an ex dancer? What? According to the blurb she is a 23 year old ex dancer.
Hmmm not sure why good looking girls feel the need to expand their short life experience. Perhaps she did ballet as a youngster. 
Tracey Bondi is an ex dancer. She has the physique of a dancer. 
This girl has the physique of a good looking young lass but not one of a dancers body. Amateur maybe but dancing for work? 
She is actually not a masseuse. She is an incall escort full service PWL who has an extensive menu (perhaps) and clearly thinks she can charge wtf she likes. Not that there is anything wrong with the free market save for the fact it is not free!

Not cheap Not 23 Not truthful. 

Nothing wrong with creating a back story. Better if it is believable though.

Just saying how it is

Good review by asprek Nice report.



Sleazy.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 27th June 2018, 02:53 PM
Poster ID: mikey73
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Great review sleazy wtf was that


Floor: #4
Post Time: 1st July 2018, 01:29 AM
Poster ID: sleazyryder
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by mikey73


Great review sleazy wtf was tha
"""



Reality. Read the link. This wl should be on Gruen


Sleazy


Floor: #5
Post Time: 27th July 2018, 08:58 PM
Poster ID: tonkoau
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
These girls - Paige, Vanessa, Natalie, Becky are amongst the best reviewed Massage ladies you will find.  I have sampled two myself so far.   Not cheap, but then again you get what you pay for imo


Floor: #6
Post Time: 23rd April 2019, 05:34 PM
Poster ID: Vanessa De La Vega
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thank you @tonko


