Floor: #1
Post Time: 19th May 2016, 01:33 PM
Poster ID: bomberdoode
Post Title: 
 Patty/Nishella  Thai - Alexandria, Sydney - 0426 655 307
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Patty/Nishella (Other names used)

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 17/05/2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Nishella From Thailand full service private ?Sex?Kissing ?69?Natural oral? - Sydney escorts - cracker.com.au

Hours of Business : Call

Rates : $120 - 30min

Age : 24

Size/shape : Solid, firm

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Catbath, CBJ, FS

Value for money/recommend? : Would return

My experience/comments : 

Ok so my financial position hasn't been pretty poor thus far in 2016 so my propensity to punt is almost zero. Enough about me.

This number reconciles to multiple ads on cracker and multiple names. My impressions are that possibly the same girl uses a couple of aliases and perhaps a couple of girls share this operation. Its a private place in Alexandria and definitely looks to me as people live there as opposed to being a location used for purely service.

My visit was circa 9:30pm and easy to arrange via text. When I arrived I sent SMS saying I had a arrived and a nice Thai girl comes out to greet me. When I go in an older lady is on the couch and a younger, attractive (possible lady boy - I could be and probably am wrong) are chatting. 

Handed a towel and off for a shower. Shower is clean and water is hot. This place is lived in. Definitely not dirty but basically a residence.

Into the room I'm on my back and Nishella starts a cat-bath. Strangely I enjoyed this and then on with the dom and some good oral. She had long black hair that obstructed the view. She was attractive, solid but not at all loose or flabby and her skin was so smooth. 

Soon after she slide down on it for cowgirl. I really appreciate that she was wet and ready and it occurred to me that she quite possibly lubed up before hand before coming in the room. She came into the room after changing into a towel.

She rode slowly and with rhythm and after some time I began thrusting (because I arrived horny as hell) and soon after I blew in the bag.

Deed over and self cleanup with wet towels and tissues and then offered a shower. Soon I was gone. There was no kissing but there wasn't any overt avoidance of my face. 

It was all a bit clinical but I put that down to it being late and a 30min session. I do believe an earlier time and a longer session would be better or regular meetings would potentially see a nice affair type rapport form. 

I quite liked the vibe and Im curious about the other girls that may be here. I may well return. 

Its my great hope these girls are treated nicely but that goes with out saying.

BD


Floor: #2
Post Time: 19th May 2016, 04:10 PM
Poster ID: bomberdoode
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
So I just checked the ad again (above) and the girl I saw definitely didn't have DD breasts which reinforces my belief that multiple girls operate from here.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 19th May 2016, 06:09 PM
Poster ID: WOTAN01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by bomberdoode


So I just checked the ad again (above) and the girl I saw definitely didn't have DD breasts which reinforces my belief that multiple girls operate from here
"""



Or maybe it is the usual oversell, truth usually never comes into it is the code of advertising with these girls.


