Thread Title: Penelope - Katoomba. 0475 919 016
Floor: #1
Post Time: 15th October 2015, 06:37 PM
Poster ID: FrankieLee
Post Title: 
 Penelope - Katoomba. 0475 919 016
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Penelope

Establishment : Private / Katoomba

Date of Visit : 30/09/15

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0475 919 016 And Blue Mountains Gazette (sporadically - I notice it's not there this week).

Hours of Business : Was daylight (weekday) hours for me - I didn't ask how late she works.

Rates : One hour $250 if I recall correctly.

Age : I would say mid- late 30's. Perhaps even early 40's but holding it very well.

Size/shape : Size 10. Great body and very pretty face. Short blonde hair (Google YAZZ)
Nationality or Ethnicity : Caucasian 

Services Provided : Full service available as well as massage.

Value for money/recommend? : Great time was had - value for money though....?? Not so sure.

After scouting around the slim pickins' that is punting in the mountains I finally decided to contact Penelope and made arrangement initially over the phone to discuss prices. Then a couple of days later made an appointment via SMS. 

She offers massage only / full service / massage with oral...so I forget the exact price for the massage with oral, I think it was $200 and a bit from memory.

Got to her place with very accurate directions and was very happy to see what was waiting, very nice body in a mesh type dress - sexy face and short blonde hair. Now, I'm still not really much of a F/S guy - prefer massage and the odd BJ/DATY so I went for the option of massage with BJ.

Her workspace is a very nice and large room with a massage table and a bed so onto the table it was.

The massage started off and was reasonably good - not therapeutic calibre, but it seemed like she was interested enough in what she was doing to make it good for me.

The turn over came all too soon - maybe after 15 mins or so, which rang alarm bells. Then after a few light strokes over the body, she went to work on the BJ. Now this BJ was top shelf...possibly one of the best I've had, quite deep - sensual and pretty moist. I was happy to lay back and enjoy this for as long as I could, after a little of this her boobs were popped out over the top of her dress and I was having a little fondle (so no - no full nudity, which I would have expected for the cost). For the full price for F/S I'd be expecting a lot more skin!

It's pretty evident she is happy to get you over the line pretty fast - and sure enough once she really got into the rhythm I was ready to go and she was finishing me off with a handy. Bit of a clean up and we're getting dressed (or I was at least), and on my way.

Penelope is not what you would call chatty, and there wasn't any great communication after the fact - perhaps if you were a regular maybe, but despite the fact she is smoking hot - and it was an amazing BJ, I felt a bit disappointed that for a relatively high price and a 2 hour round trip - I was out the door in 45 mins. So....

Frankie


Floor: #2
Post Time: 16th October 2015, 08:15 AM
Poster ID: hyperguy55
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hi FrankieLee,

Was that a CBJ or BBBJ?

Thanks!


Floor: #3
Post Time: 16th October 2015, 10:21 AM
Poster ID: FrankieLee
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by hyperguy55


Hi FrankieLee,

Was that a CBJ or BBBJ?

Thanks
"""



Good question HyperGuy. BBBJ - Definately BBBJ


