Thread Title: Penny - Northen Suburbs - email only
Floor: #1
Post Time: 8th April 2014, 07:12 PM
Poster ID: AussieGuy1968
Post Title: 
 Penny - Northen Suburbs - email only
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Penny

Establishment : Outcall to limited Northern Suburb Motels

Date of Visit : 08/04/2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Generous and kind male friend wanted - St Ives | Escort / adult | Erotic | Cracker

Hours of Business : Unknown

Rates : $150 an hour full service $50 an hour social

Age : Mind 30's

Size/shape : C cup, Size 10

Nationality or Ethnicity : Caucasian

Services Provided : CBJ, FS

Value for money/recommend? : Felt deceived but service is very YMMV

So after cruising Locanto and Cracker, I stumble across Penny's ad advertising herself as a single mum looking for a mutual arrangement 2-3 times a month.. Bingo, just what I was looking for.. After a few quite detailed email exchanges, we agree to meet for lunch with the understanding that nothing would happen one the first meet, mainly due to me blowing my fun fund on my recent birthday, but more to ensure there was no expectation on either part.  She had even raised the subject of what would happen if both parties wanted to continue in a normal relationship without the financial obligations.. 

Now this is a classic case of knowing when to walk, but for some reason my legs could not go in the right directions.. Penny is quite clear on her contact requirements, no phone calls, no texts, all contact via email and meets only to be at a few select motels in the Northen Suburbs.. fair enough I thought.. mum has young kids and needs to be close to home

Being a western suburbs lad, it was a long hike but I figured if we connected it could make for a fun arrangement.

Given her schedule, I decide to find an excuse to leave work early (again assuming she had limited babysitting) and meet for lunch..Alarm bell 1 was I had to travel to her as a meet in CBD was not an option.

After a pleasant lunch, Penny mentions she has cleared her afternoon as she knew I had blown 1/2 days pay to come meet her and suggests we go somewhere quiet to have a chat and get to know each other.. Alarm bell 2.. nothing is for free

So over to the motel, pay the $110 rate, Penny asks which room and she is off like a flash like she lived there all her life ..Alarm bell 3

Into the room, asked if I wanted a shower.. and when I return, there is Penny stripped down to bra and panties with all the usual party tricks of a professional.. Alarm bell 4 but hey she could have been a girl guide and adopted the "Be Prepared" motto

So we chat for a while and the penny drops (excuse the pun).  She has tells me she has been working across a few parlours and has gone private to work around her mum status, including the option to see her in a brothel as she knows the owners to save on motel costs.

Now don't get me wrong, I have nothing against parlour ladies but this was a little bit of a shock and not exactly what I was looking for.. I could have visited any number of brothels out west and given the logistics was looking for something different.

So before I can object, out comes the dom and some toothy CBJ proceeds, followed by a liberal application of lube and cowgirl.. By this stage I was completely disinterested and went starfish as she got herself off with her vibrator.  Not even a vigouros hand job would get me over the line.

So as Penny heads to the shower she makes the comment that she can stay longer if I have the cash and I suddenly go into WTF mode and want this to end now.  

So all up I am out of pocket $220 for 90 minutes of chat and a vibrator show, $220 for 1/2 days pay, $110 for the motel, $56 for lunch and $5.20 for the train from CBD to Wahroonga.

Completely got SUCKER stamped on my forehead.

Don't get me wrong.. If you saw Penny in a local brothel she could be good value and a lot of fun but given the circumstances that we met I feel her ad is a little misleading and a lot of effort and expense for what can be had at any of the fine establishments around town


Floor: #2
Post Time: 8th April 2014, 08:49 PM
Poster ID: WOTAN01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Interesting Aussieguy1968; she has been advertising around under different types of service one as massage lady and another as a FS arrangement.

Pity your expectations were other than what you wanted as maybe then you may have had a nice time. Her photo looked cute, is it accurate?


Floor: #3
Post Time: 8th April 2014, 08:52 PM
Poster ID: JIRAN
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
hey read the add and what you got is what she said she delivers ??? pretty clear in her add she is a hooker providing a service that entails more intimacy than a brothel fuck. and yep the time out socializing is $50 an hour and the time fucking is $150 an hour. sounds like a bargain. think she was letting you know you could fuck her in a brothel to save time and money if that would suit you better. maybe just ask her which brothel and see her there


Floor: #4
Post Time: 9th April 2014, 07:26 AM
Poster ID: SeaRay
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I totally agree with GRANNYKILLER's comments, this P.W.L. is advertising a special secret "Girl Friend Experience" with a bit of "Class" and just not a fuck. Meet for Lunch on the upper North Shore, a glass of Wine then retire to a Motel for an afternoon of sex, this could be the perfect secret affair for a wealthy bored Baby Boomer and the photo of her body looks pretty good. She is obviously looking to built up a small group of special Men who will service her for cash and having seen her Adverts before and this is very good Marketing ![/ 

Do any of your older gentlemen remember the George Seagal & Glenda Jackson Movie "A Touch of Class"


Floor: #5
Post Time: 10th April 2014, 01:50 PM
Poster ID: bigbird
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
THanks for TOFTT


Floor: #6
Post Time: 21st April 2014, 12:37 AM
Poster ID: Darkfunguy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I had a similar experience with her. Fortunately, I did not proceed as it felt a bit fishy. We planned to met and then she stood me up asking for more info which I declined. Then she got a bit abusive demanding informaton at which point of time I decided not to respond.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 21st April 2014, 06:15 AM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Here's what Penny's ad used to look like,





			
				Price: $150.00
Location: St Ives
Viewed: 112
Date Posted: 31/03/2014
Ad ID: 404207248

Unable to Render Image

Hi,
I am a single mum in my 30s, seeking financial support of a 'sugar daddy' - am reluctant to use this term, as I am not your typical 'sugar babe' - I have no need for beauty treatments, fake nails, gossip media, high heels, fake tans, expensive labels... all these things are very much NOT me.
I am a well-educated, well-spoken lady from Europe.
I work part time and am struggling with the bills, basically.
I seek to meet someone who can afford 2-3 meetings a month, for an hour or so, at $150 an hour, plus the cost of the motel at just over $100, unless you live around my area (Wahroonga), and can host.
I want our meetings to be enjoyable, relaxed, caring and memorable.
I am happy to share meals and outings too, if you are happy to pay for my time. I love stand up comedy, theatre, cinema, classical music, travel (when I can, have not had a chance to go anywhere for a few years now).
Ideally I'd like us to form a close connection, but at the same time, there will be no obligation, and both of us can stop any time.
If you think you'd like to meet me for a chat, and see if we like each other, send me an email VIA CRACKER, with a short introduction and I will endeavour to reply asap.
Please, do not reply with just a PHONE NUMBER - I will not call or text you.
Thanks.
Penny


