Thread Title: Philippine Claudia - Sydney CBD  - 0426 091 534
Floor: #1
Post Time: 22nd June 2016, 05:04 PM
Poster ID: spellbind
Post Title: 
 Philippine Claudia - Sydney CBD  - 0426 091 534
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Claudia

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : End of June 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : ? My Nest Is Empty Without Your Bird ? - Sydney escorts - backpage.com

Hours of Business : Private

Rates : Negotiable? $100 half hour spanish. $250 half hour full service

Age : 27?

Size/shape : BBW, but very large heavy breast. Each tit is the size of your head

Nationality or Ethnicity : Philippine

Services Provided : Full service

Value for money/recommend? : Yes for me

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

I sent her an SMS and she was very very fast to respond. Must not have many clients yet.
I asked her rate. She said $250 for 30 mins full service. I offered $100 for 30 mins, only spanish service. She agreed but asked for a tip to bring up the price a bit.
She was very hesitant to give me an address. Only gave me the address 5 minutes before the booking was supposed to start. Its on York street Sydney CBD.

(it should go without saying, but please don't tell her about this review or the website as she'll know who it is)

Here are some other links so you can see pictures and videos
? My Nest Is Empty Without Your Bird ? - Sydney escorts - backpage.com
?? Bang Bang In To The Room I Know You Want It? - Sydney escorts - backpage.com
? Do it baby once again, do it baby one more time? - Sydney escorts - backpage.com

The pictures are all real and of her. Bigger girl but really big tits. She has braces on.

She's very shy about her body initially. But after I complimented her and made her feel at ease, and showed her that I was happy with her and into the session, she really opened up and provided a great time. So I think its a YMMV situation. You make her comfortable, and she'll open up. I only paid for a spanish service, so spent the 30 minutes just playing with her tits many in different ways. She made me wear a condom even though it was only spanish service. Her tits are huge and heavy as you can see. She enjoyed getting her tits sucked on (or so it seemed). She was getting into it, and once she was comfortable started rubbing herself to give herself an orgasm.

Claudia is from perth and expects to be in Sydney until mid july. She's not appropriate if you like skinny girls!
I love big tits so I don't mind the bigger girls with big tits as something different.

http://video.backpage.com/2-878fe390...5b27f1.MOV.mp4


Floor: #2
Post Time: 30th July 2016, 09:19 AM
Poster ID: Mogreen
Post Title: 
 💯 Friday Is My Second Favorite F Word😜👄👠 - 25
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Claudia

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 16 jul

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : ? Friday Is My Second Favorite F Word??? - Sydney escorts - cracker.com.au

Hours of Business : Private

Rates : Negotiable?  $250 half and 350 hour

Age : 27

Size/shape : BBW, but very large heavy breast. More inclined to think its fake due to the 
Nationality or Ethnicity : Philippine

Services Provided : Full service

Value for money/recommend? : Not quite
My experience/comments :

First of all sorry for delay in posting any review at all, have been away and busy. But back on track now.

messaged claudia when i saw the ad as it looks irresistable (i like huge jugs!!!). quick response but i had to cancel the 5 pm booking as i got caught up elsewhere. Anyhow, around 7pm, i was in the city having a drink and nothing to do and thought why not ill check with her again. Her response times are good. Booked for 10.30pm and half hour. 

Rocked up and getting to the room was tricky. She met me at the reception then as there was other people in the lift took me to a different floor and then on an empty lift took me back. 

Finally in the room and with high hopes i extended for an hour. Hopped into the shower came back to see her in a good lingerie, the act starts. No DFK, she goes for the dom for a CBJ and lot of moaning without action. I try to ignore all those and play with those jugs(those are heavy man!!!) but she does what all typical asian wl's do 'Moan' for nothing. Took a lot of lube and finally got inside started to lose interest as felt she was a bit fake. 

Bit more of cbj, no DATY and finally in mish, i came. wanted to just get out from there but had an hour. so she gave a massage and no sign of 2nd round. ended up talking to her for a bit (she is from perth, does this only in sydney and staying here with a friend and all those). Had another shower and was out of there in 40 mins. 

As i get out, she was like, darling give me some tip!!!! The first thing that came to mind was to swear, but out of respect didnt say anything and said i dont have any money. 
(Tip for a PWL? cant seem to understand the logic)
Ended up at the tokio hotel at the harbour and getting smashed to forget the pain !!!!

Some you win and some you lose!!!! for me this was loss of 350!! and another 80 at the pub to forget it.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 30th July 2016, 11:44 AM
Poster ID: Jonlad
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Unlucky Mogreen.. with service like that she won't be able to keep charging $350 an hour!


Floor: #4
Post Time: 1st August 2016, 04:31 PM
Poster ID: Tripod
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
A fkn tip! I would of said, improve your service. There's your tip


Floor: #5
Post Time: 1st August 2016, 05:26 PM
Poster ID: MooNoi
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I remember contacting her when in HKG a while back. She used to advertise on Craigslist up there and when I contacted her she asked for $2500 HKD. (About $400 AUD). Way out of the ball park. Glad I didn't partake after reading the OP's review.


