Thread Title: Pietra Silver - Sydney - 0420 234 580
Floor: #1
Post Time: 19th August 2013, 10:21 PM
Poster ID: Persepolis
Post Title: 
 Pietra Silver - Sydney - 0420 234 580
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Pietra Silver

Establishment : Private Escort

Date of Visit : 17 August 2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : http://www.privategirls.com.au/pietra_silver.php

Hours of Business : All Day

Rates : $400 PER HOUR

Age : 28

Size/shape : Curvy

Nationality or Ethnicity : Brazilian

Services Provided : FS

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : Decided to go a little more upmarket than my usual punt. Checked out Privategirls and eventually chose Pietra Silver. She was in the area so after exchanging a few text messages a one hour booking was made. She was staying at a hotel and entering and finding her room was easy.

Pietra is part Spanish and part Brazilian. She stands about 5’ 5’’. She has long blonde hair, an attractive Iberian face, honey coloured skin and a friendly accommodating personality.

We immediately ventured to her bed and started some passionate kissing. I thoroughly enjoyed this part of the experience. I moved down to her firm and succulent breasts. She encouraged my continued kissing and licking of them. She responded with a cat bath over my chest and nipples.

Before long her hand stimulation had me hard and out came the condom. She gave a strong wet mouth manipulation that felt … just wonderful. I returned the favour by tonguing the pink pearl that exposed itself from her vulva region. I spent sometime there and then headed further south for some rimming. 

It was then time to enjoy the main course. We tried many positions and Pietra was happy to participate. She kissed passionately during  missionary position and this was enough to bring me over the line.

We talked for a while. Her Brazilian accent was enjoyable to listen to.  She is a friendly easygoing woman.

Silver might be her name but for me it was a golden experience.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 20th August 2013, 06:17 AM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Here's the PG ad,

"Pietra Silver - Private Escort

State: NSW
City: Sydney
Area: CBD
Tours: Yes
Age: 28
Height: 1.65cm
Body Size: 8
Stats: 12 D
Hair: Blonde
Eyes: Hazel
Email: Pietra
Phone: 0420 234 580

Let's enjoy each other!

I'd love to show you how to play between the sheets! I will take you on a trip to the paradise, and I PROMISE you will never forget...

I'm Spanish Pietra ~ brand new to both Private Girls and the world of sensual companionship!

I have the most beautiful sexy accent that will driver you crazy!!

With a perfect figure of 12D size 8 dress, and gorgeous face, you will discover, that I have a great sense of humor, as well as passionate, sensual and extremely seductive.

When we meet, I like to offer no rush sessions and take my time in providing you with the perfect companionship.

I have long, straight , naturally blonde hair, a toned body and a silky smooth honeyed complexion. I've traveled all over the world, speak 3 languages and possess a deep appreciation for warm, and witty men ~I am currently completing my degree in Fashion Design~
I offer upscale and discrete incall and outcall. We can meet for an hour, an entire evening or a romantic dinner, either way your time will be well spent.
I'm excited to hear from you, and I'm sure you will never forget!!

xoxo

Price List
½ Hour $250

1 hour $400

2 hours $700

3 hours $1100

4 hours $1500

Overnight $4000 
Dinner Dates 
leisure bookings– Indulge yourself with fine company over dinner before having me for desert!



Services Available

Affectionate Kissing 
Cuddling and Touching 
Mutual French 
Light Bondage
Golden Showers
Striptease
2 girls/1 guy
2 guys/1 girl 
Head & Foot Massage
Shower for Two 
Oral
Passion Kissing 
Sexy Lingerie 
Variety of Positions
Crossdressing
Sensual Body Scrubs 
Toys and/or Strap-Ons
Full body massage (firm and/or sensual)
Mutual Masturbation
Costumes and Role Play 
Fetishes
Couples
Foot fetishes
PSE
Porn Star Service
Squirting

When can we play?
Im available every day 10am till midnight

Phone: 0420 234 580 or email below...

EMAIL ME NOW FOR AN APPOINTMENT TIME - please leave the subject line intact.

If you are using a web email program and you cannot open an email direct from the above link, just copy and paste this email address - sexypietra4u@hotmail.com - please put the subject as 'Hi, I saw you on the Privategirls Website'

Please, when emailing, to make things happen with quickness and ease, include the following: Your name, a preferred appointment time (with possibly a second choice if you can), a mobile number (with preference of either a return call or an sms), plus a discreet time frame for you to be contacted, as I value your business and both our times. Thank you.
"


