Thread Title: Pinky - Liverpool - 0405 565 459
Floor: #1
Post Time: 28th January 2017, 12:26 AM
Poster ID: bathiya111
Post Title: 
 Pinky - Liverpool - 0405 565 459
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Pinky

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 25/01/2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Cracker AD: ?Makw A Beauty Memory With hot Pinky ? - Australia escorts - cracker.com.au

Hours of Business : 10 - Till Late

Rates : $200 / Hour BBBJ Extra $30

Age : 35

Size/shape : Medium

Nationality or Ethnicity : Korean

Services Provided : BBBJ, FS

Value for money/recommend? : No

My experience/comments : Saw the cracker ad and got fooled by the beautiful photo of petite young pretty girl. This girl is available in 3 locations! Should ring alarm bells, but in my eagerness didn't hear them. Texted at about 10:30pm and inquired to meet the following day. Reply was immediate and in good English. She wanted me to come now. I said I couldn't. Booking made to the following day at 10:00 am in Liverpool. Address was texted in Lachlan Street.

Went there a 5 minutes late due to difficulty in finding a parking place. Knocked on the door. A woman opened the door an inch and scanned me top to bottom and signaled to come in. As I went in I realised this girl is not the one in the photo. Very average looking. She was wearing a T-shirt and nothing at the bottom part, so her private part was exposed. I should have walked, but didn't. She can't even say $200 in English. She went out of the room and brought in a cardboard with the price list. I indicated 1 hour and gave her $200. With lot of gestures it was agreed a BBBJ for $30. I requested a shower together which she did halfheartedly. Back to the room and she gestured me onto the bed and a BBBJ followed. This was pretty average. In about 5 minutes she was ready for the main course. At this rate I would not even use 20 minutes of my hour. I said no and gestured her to continue the BBBJ. The quality was poor and frequent spitting into tissues restricted my enjoyment and I was losing interest. 

So I gestured fucking and she promptly domed me up. Pretty average Mish action followed. She made some noises as well. I didn't bother much and soon finished. She also gave me a well below par massage. The massage finished quickly and I had at least another 25 minutes left in the hour which I paid. Had a shower and left. Considering the excellent services I get from other establishments in Liverpool this service was pretty poor.

Pinky is not one girl. The number I text was one. I received the reply from another number. Someone is organising 3 girls in 3 locations and putting a photo of a very beautiful girl to allure the punters.

So punters "Red is the new Pink"

No more Lachlan Street for me.

Physical look: 4/10
BBBJ : 4/10
Sex: 6/10

This is why it is called punting.


