Thread Title: Porsha - Sydney CBD (Wynyard) - 0412 095 082
Floor: #1
Post Time: 28th April 2017, 07:49 AM
Poster ID: Fuzzynuts
Post Title: 
 Porsha - Sydney CBD (Wynyard) - 0412 095 082
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Porsha

Establishment : Private near King St Wharf 

Date of Visit : April 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : ?SEXY BLONDE AUSSIE PORSHA... 22YO.. 100% Real photos of me guaranteed!.. Private & Discreet xx - Sydney escorts - backpage.com.au

Rates : $150/30 RNT, $220/30 GFE, $300/30 PSE

Age : Late 20's

Size/shape : tall, big boned but not really fat, nice looking

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : RNT

Value for money/recommend? : No 

My experience/comments : 
I thought I'd splurge on an Aussie glamour for something different to the usual Asian menu. I chose Porsha from backpage because the photos looked good, and she offered a cheaper massage option meaning I could check that out first and upgrade if the sparks flew. Took 30 min option as usual for first tests.
Initial contact was text only and the usual hey babe shit talk that you get when you're dealing with a guy pimp. the texts got annoying because he always wanted to know how far away I was and when I would bee arriving 'babe'. I almost cancelled because of this.
On arrival Porsha is nice looking, tall platinum blonde, tanned, gold coast looking girl. It's her in the pics only 5-10kg heavier. She still not what I'd call fat, just the heavier side of normal (especially since I've been dining on 45kg Asian pussy lately). I was happy and was looking forward to getting into it and upgrading to FS.
Service started slowly, the massage was ordinary and quickly moved into body slide which felt a bit silly. Too much fake moaning and going through the motions right from the start didn't get me into it, and then a quick rollover and straight into jerking me off before I was even aroused did nothing for me. Technique was very mechanical and I simply failed to get into it. She also managed to keep her distance so I could never get a good feel of her boob or arse. Frustration set in early.
 I managed to get it up but her method of pumping vigorously without emotion made me feel like I wasn't even in the room. Eventually she got a bit closer and I finally got to rub her boobs, then she flipped with her arse facing me so I could rub her pussy, but by this stage there zero connection or mood and I was laughing inside at the parody this had turned into. 
More vigorous pumping on my now flaccid cock was pointless and time finally ticked over so had a shower and left.

Waste of time, won't be back.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 28th April 2017, 11:52 AM
Poster ID: WOTAN01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
How long and how much did you waste on that R&T Fuzzy?


Floor: #3
Post Time: 28th April 2017, 11:39 PM
Poster ID: oztone
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thank you for TOFFT.

Sometimes I feel there should be a sinking fund for punters who TOFTT when the punts turn dud.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 30th April 2017, 07:10 AM
Poster ID: Fuzzynuts
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I always start with the 30 minute option so it cost me $150. I made up for it by going back to Pure Massage and getting a proper RNT for half the price. 
I was never a fan of Asians, but the more I indulge in this game, the more and more I love them and their excellent attitude to service


