Floor: #1
Post Time: 15th September 2017, 05:10 PM
Poster ID: DeepImpact
Post Title: 
 Princess Minx/Jenny - Sydney - 0423 695 673
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Princess Minx / Jenny

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : September 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :  0423 695 673  https://scarletblue.com.au/escort/pr...nx?city=Sydney

Hours of Business : Variable

Rates : $650 per hour, $1,200 for 2 hours

Age : 18

Size/shape : 168cm, about size 8, B Cup, long hair - The kind of shape I like

Nationality or Ethnicity : ABC  - Aussie born Chinese

Services Provided : BJ, DFK, FS

Value for money/recommend? : Yes, very much so.

My experience/comments : 

After seeing Princess Minx / Jenny I was reminded so much of the legendary Moon from Bluemoon girls that I had to go back and read my own review again.

It started with 'Whoaaaaa believe the hype about this girl. Moon is simply outstanding in every way'

After being with Princess Minx I thought I was being with the younger, 18 yo sexy sister of Moon. A few cm shorter at 168cm and a B cup instead of a C+ but in terms of attitude, sexual aura, performance and just all round feeling it couldn't have been better. So much so that I didn't want to post a review until I had seen her twice in a few days - just to be sure. Now I am sure, it just kept getting better. This review is from the first visit.

Answering the door in sexy red lingerie stood a long haired round face pretty girl, wearing really cool glasses and a beaming smile. She beckoned me to follow her to the room as in my head I yelled a silent 'yes, oh sweet yes'. The photos of her are real and there was definitely no disappointment today, in fact I would say as nice as the photos are of her, she's even better in person.

I sat down on the lounge with her next to me her arm around me smiling so sweetly and I asked her for her name to which she showed how new to this she was by pausing for a few seconds and then saying Jenny. Good enough for me as she moved in closer for a soft kiss as she moved to straddle me, her legs either side of me as she assumed a dominant position to french kiss">DFK me which she excels in and I was enjoying every second of it as it gave a good opportunity to caress her outer thighs, then hug her closely. 

She suggested a move to the bed and I sat on the edge of the bed with her in front of me giving me the chance to kiss her skin from her stomach to above her bra and neck line. The firmness of her skin was great, the warmth of her body inviting and now I was kissing inside her bra searching for her nipple which had come to attention as she unbuttoned my shirt whilst I fumbled with her bra hooks finally removing it to reveal her B cup breasts in all their glory. It was as if they were saying to me 'I beg you, please suck them like you've never sucked before' so i went with my gut feeling and kissed them from the side, underneath and directly onto her nipples. She hopped onto the bed, pulling me down for some more passionate french kiss">DFK holding me tightly. She helped me to remove my clothing after her hands went exploring on the outside of my pants and them within them.

Her ass is a fantastic round shape made for grabbing as I kissed her smooth thighs moving up towards her shaven sweet spot for some special attention as she moaned quietly whilst her hips moved ever so slightly. Her lips and tongue drew me back for some more kissing as one of my fingers gently explored her now wet pussy which is very very smooth with inner layers for enjoyment. She rolled me over and moved down for a BJ which was awesome, just the right amount of pressure, depth and movement that I had to stop myself from cumming.

I couldn't wait any longer and rolled her over onto her back before rolling a condom on to enter her pussy not needing any lube today as she was moist enough already and drawing me in for more french kiss">DFK as I thrusted gently matched by her hip movements, this was good, real good as my hands cupped her breasts and she rolled her head back with heavier breathing inviting me to kiss her neck and thrust harder. Soon we swapped positions with her on top really thrusting hard, grinding on me to achieve satisfaction for her and me before she lowered herself down to me and really went about her work kissing me whilst her bum went wild with her thrusting movements and fast paced rhtyhm - geez this is good I couldn't help thinking.

Not trying doggie with a girl with this round shape ass would be a crime and it was as good as I could have hoped for and more to the point where I felt like I had totally mounted her with my legs off the ground as she supported my weight allowing my chest to be against her back and to cup her breasts again.

Back to missionary for some more action with her legs raised and then lowered and then closed together to allow me to slide along her body as I thrusted, exchanging a quick kiss each time I pulled myself up towards her pretty round face. I'd found a rare sweet gem.

After the event she cuddled up to me and we relaxed for a few minutes before taking a shower together with her being generous with her extended kisses and hugs throughout the shower. Back to room to dress and she gave me another sweet kiss to farewell me. The time had flown by it was so good. This girl is something special and will be one to remember just as I can't forget Moon from 3 years ago.

Below are her photos and details. 


https://scarletblue.com.au/escort/pr...nx?city=Sydney


