Thread Title: PWL Kasey - Penrith - Locanto replies only
Floor: #1
Post Time: 23rd July 2015, 08:08 AM
Poster ID: martys74
Post Title: 
 PWL Kasey - Penrith - Locanto replies only
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Kasey

Establishment : Private house Penrith area

Date of Visit : 22/7/15

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : http://sydney.locanto.com.au/ID_4500...R-FOR-FUN.html To obtain number Email Kasey

Hours of Business : Hard to reach away a lot times varies

Rates : $100 30min 140 1 hour

Age : says 43 more like 53

Size/shape : average 10

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : FS Daty CBJ

Value for money/recommend? : No

My experience/comments : Took one for the team this day.. had a very average punt. Contacted Kasey a few days prior.. says she was available Wednesday only as she was going away for 2 weeks after that. I had previously tried to arrange another meeting however it seems she goes away a great deal for work and I also believe changes her work phone. Kasey works from her home, holds a corporate job thru week. To obtain her details you need to email her. I will not provide her number here. She opens the door in lingerie with a sheer mesh top over. Average looking body for her age.. She is slim however little body tone with a good set of dd tits which are heading south. Kasey is friendly enough does not allow any kissing. start of with some daty.. nice fully shaved. She then puts dom on for a very average hj.. I was struggling to get in the mood.. Kasey seems to be very stand offish and is only doing this type of work when she is short of funds towards the end of the month.. hence the reason she is also hard to see.  Kasey then hops on top and shows total disinterest just going thru the motions.. I get sick of this and change to missionary.. again will not look and at you and urges you on to cum.. In the end I just wanted to get out so blew in the bag.. some small talk and I was out of there.. A very average punt .. she is not into it at all.. She mentioned that she has regulars that she sees, I find it hard to believe thou.. I wont be back..


Floor: #2
Post Time: 24th July 2015, 12:27 PM
Poster ID: joker2750
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hi All,

Have to agree with martys74 on this one.  I visited her at home her in North Penrith on Friday 17/7/15 after exchanging about 8 Locanto emails. (sorry for not posting but I do FIFO work and first time on-line since last week).

Martys74 description and comments are exactly as I would describe her and the visit from the clothing that she greeted me in to the completely uninterested and disengaged effort to the same story about her work and travel etc.  I too struggled and ended up rubbing one out myself as she rubbed my chest whilst looking out the door.  Even that was an effort!  I think that the only difference between my punt seems to be that the TV in the lounge room was loud and so distracting but after a while of Kasey's ordinary efforts, I started to actually listen to what was on the TV !!!

I'm sure that she is a nice enough lady and the house was neat and tidy etc and she may be only doing this a couple of time a month to make ends meet, but for me I would have been equally happy paying her the money to do my ironing instead.  As I say, nice enough lady but just no interest.

Martys74 description on body, looks, age etc is spot-on but my 'ratings' for this (never to return punt) are;

Looks.  If she is 43 as she says then not a great looker, but if he is closer to 53 she looks average/good for that age.
Body.  Body was good for a 43/53 year old.
Breasts.  D/DD Nice.
Masssage.  3/10
CBJ.  3/10
Sex. 3/10
Effort. 3/10
Interest 3/10
Conversation. 6/10

For a PWL, this punt was very ordinary however as your next door neighbour having a coffee and a chat, Im sure she would be just fine.  Nice enough lady, just not my cup of tea.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 24th July 2015, 12:41 PM
Poster ID: nextlif
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hi joker2750
We appreciate your input but since your visit to Kasey was only a week ago, a full template review would have been better even if very similar to the OP.  Reviewing on the AXR template will be more helpful to you in attaining Silver status.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 25th July 2015, 03:15 PM
Poster ID: joker2750
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hi nextlife,

I'll be sure to do template reviews in future...thanks for the tip.

Cheers


Floor: #5
Post Time: 29th July 2015, 09:51 PM
Poster ID: FrankieLee
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Kasey

Establishment : Private. Penrith region

Date of Visit : 15/7/15

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : http://sydney.locanto.com.au/ID_4500...R-FOR-FUN.html 

Hours of Business : Varies. I would say flexible when she is in town.

Rates : Was $150 for the hour

Age : Would say around 50

Size/shape : Size 12 or slightly smaller - but with the tone somebody of that age.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : CBJ / FS / DATY

Value for money/recommend? : No

My experience/comments : Contact was petty easy via Locanto with phone number then exchanged. She is quite a nice lady, and is happy to have a conversation about this and that, but unfortunately the sex side of it for me was very uninspiring and pretty clinical.

It also wasn't that great because for me she was not that attractive - she is a smoker and the face shows it, as does her breath. There wasn't any kissing for me though, but the smoke smell was still pretty distracting.

DATY wasn't that great either, very little response and not a fantastic taste or smell.

Onto my back and then on with the rubber for a very shallow CBJ, which did absolutely nothing and I was actually starting to worry if I'd even get the job done. Shortly after it was cowgirl time and I just closed my eyes, laid back and thought of England. Soon enough it was over and I was on my way.

Sadly, not a worthwhile punt - considering she actually is a pretty nice lady to talk to.


