Thread Title: Queenie Pearl, Sydney CBD (touring) - 0478 823 886
Floor: #1
Post Time: 23rd August 2019, 04:09 PM
Poster ID: Madeupname
Post Title: 
 Queenie Pearl, Sydney CBD (touring) - 0478 823 886
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Queenie Pearl

Date of Visit : 20 August 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : - Queenie Pearl Asian Nuru *Brisbane 7-19 Aug* *Tour Sydney 20-22 August*

Phone : 0478 823 886

Hours of Business : 

Rates : $500/hr

Age : 27

Size/shape : Petite

Nationality or Ethnicity : Hong Kongese

Services Provided : GFE: BBBJ, DATY, FS

Value for money/recommend? : Highly recommended

My experience/comments :

Queenie is Brisbane-based, but I'd had my eye on this Hot Asian Babe for a while, so I quickly booked when I saw she was touring to Sydney. Booking was quick and easy - a deposit is required, which I have no probs with. 

Her Sydney CBD hotel was easy to find, and there was no need for her to come and get me from the lobby, as with other places where a card is needed in the lifts. Walked in to her room and was greeted by a lovely, petite lady wearing a sexy, short qipao dress. And a big smile. Her pics don't do her justice - she is gorgeous. She moved in for a long kiss and I gave her a bit of feel-up - a good way to start! Money matters out of the way, I had a shower and came out to see her standing near the bed. Some DFK (she's an excellent kisser), and I helped her to remove her dress. I rubbed my boner against her as I slowly took off her lingerie. Wow, what a body! 

Onto the bed and the action begins. More DFK, then a superb blow job (BBBJ) - sort of "mild face fucking" - that had me super-hard. I then went down on her and licked her lovely pussy - she's not keen on clit stimulation, but does like a man's two fingers inside her, and that's how she came. Then on with the condom and she slid down onto my cock, cowgirl style. At my request, we took it slowly, lots of kissing and nipple sucking (mine and hers). Then Asian cowgirl, reverse (fantastic view in the mirror), missionary, and then I stood up beside the bed for doggie, dragging her tiny body to the edge of the bed to enter her. This was too good, and I pulled out and deposited 2 weeks' worth of cum in her mouth. 

Being an older guy, there was no 2nd round, so the rest of the booking was spent chatting on the bed. She's a really engaging, happy and interesting woman - and she gives a good back massage too. Would I return? Absolutely!


