Thread Title: Queen of Anal - Sydney CBD - 0458 483 051
Floor: #1
Post Time: 23rd March 2019, 04:51 PM
Poster ID: Chromehound
Post Title: 
 Queen of Anal - Sydney CBD - 0458 483 051
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Queen of Anal

Establishment : 

Date of Visit : March

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://scarletblue.com.au/escort/queen-of-anal

Phone : 0458 483 051

Hours of Business : ask her

Rates : 350/hr GFE, 450/hr PSE

Age : around 26

Size/shape : 34 EE tits, Size 12 THICK

Nationality or Ethnicity : African-American

Services Provided : BBBJ, Lip kissing, FS, Anal (pse only)

Value for money/recommend? : yea, worth a visit for sure


Overall: 7.7/10
She's very sweet with a fucking insane body. Only issue is that considering the price I reckon I can find better overall elsewhere. The main reason why is because I felt her main con was she wasn't facially attractive. Although...her body is so so good. 

Also for PSE ($450) I expect better kissing. The PSE is basically just GFE but with BBBJ and anal. GFE ($350) seems more worth it though. However if any of you guys were like me and wanted to cross of some big ebony booty off your bucket list, then you absolutely need to see this girl. My god her body is out of this world, her pics on Scarlet Blue are legit. Holy shit. Let the pictures do the convincing.  
Also you may notice that I didn't review her anal abilities even though she's apparently the Queen of it, wellI wanked quite a lot the night before and was almost certain I'd go limp if I tried it, so I'm gonna need one more booking. After that, if I do get an itch for that Brazzers-esque body, I'd definitely consider coming back. Otherwise I'll stay elsewhere. 



Face: 6.5/10 
She's quite averaging looking. You can find much better looking girls at this price. But she does look young, about 26 ish. 


Body: 9.8/10 
Oh hell yes what the fuck. Stereotypical enormous black booty with huge 34ee dangling tits straight out of porn. She's not fat either, her stomach is flat. Her body is pure sex. 
She reminds me of the pornstar Maserati, but with a prettier face. Her 34EE dangling tits I think are the largest I've seen. Now some of you may think that there are others with similar size tits which are perkier, but the one thing she has that no one else I've seen coming close to having is that super large arse and thick thighs. Her body is a delightful rarity.
Also her body was around a size 12, in either case it doesn't matter because her pics on SB are accurate and super hot. Check it out yourself. 


Personality: 8/10
She's nice, we got on fine. She's very sweet. 


Dfk: 5/10 
The lip kissing was nice and wet, but no tongue at any point. For PSE I expected more. 


BBBJ: 8/10
Not bad. The pros were that she was nice and sloppy with that unique tongue swirling technique which feels amazing. The cons were she didn't go deep enough with the BJ. If she went deeper it'd automatically be a 9/10 for me, because her swirly tongue technique thing felt really good. 


69: 9/10. 
Guys you have not lived unless you 69 a beautifully super thick and gorgeous booty like this. Whilst eating her out I swapped between groping her large tits and feeling that insanely large and amazing booty and pressing it into my face as I ate her out. Pressing that body to my face and feeling her body felt really nice. 


Missionary: 7/10. 
Not bad, all missionary fucks are basically the same for me unless you do some cool DFK technique, which she did not do.


Doggy 8.5/10: 
Doing doggy with a girl with that body is a delight. 

Riding: 9.8/10. 
Best cowgirl I've ever had period. If she did a lot of DFK from this position it'd be a straight 10/10. She has good technique, she pressed herself close to me whilst twerking that ass so as to stimulate my cock. But my god, her tits are so large. I comfortably let my head slide inside the snug gap between her large tits and her neck and let the rest of her body envelop mine. It felt like such a beautiful safe and intimate space. My arms being able to wrap around her smooth silky body and booty, as my head was safely nestled between her bossom and beneath her neck. It was heavenly. Needless to say I came in this position.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 6th April 2019, 10:36 AM
Poster ID: aabro10
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Had a chat with her over text yesterday trying to tee up a booking. GFE is strictly CBJ, no kissing, no COB. PSE will get you BBBJ, DFK and COB. CIM, COF, Anal aren't included either and are all extra. Not sure about a PSE service that doesn't include CIM, COF. 
Seems like she's decided to start charging for the kitchen sink now.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 26th June 2019, 02:51 PM
Poster ID: soulwomb
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Bump just because


Floor: #4
Post Time: 29th July 2019, 10:31 PM
Poster ID: soulwomb
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Another bump. Anyone else been seeing her? Itching and dying to read another review


Floor: #5
Post Time: 29th July 2019, 10:32 PM
Poster ID: soulwomb
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
She's got new photos on her Scarlet Blue page
https://scarletblue.com.au/escort/queen-of-anal

Fuuuuck me, that ass. Want to gape her asshole if I have the chance


Floor: #6
Post Time: 29th July 2019, 11:13 PM
Poster ID: Binga
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Maybe instead of bumping you could go and see her and finally gape that ass like you so desire and then add a review?


