Floor: #1
Post Time: 24th June 2019, 10:37 PM
Poster ID: chandlerp
Post Title: 
 Rachel - Penrith - 0484 382 895 / 0455 420 873
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Rachel - AVOID THIS THIEF AT ALL COSTS 

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 24 June 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.escortsandbabes.com.au/P...nt/Rachel6969/ 

Phone : 0484382895 AND 0455420873

Hours of Business : 24 hours

Rates : $200 h/h & $300 f/h

Age : 27

Size/shape : Overweight and stretch marked

Nationality or Ethnicity : Caucasian

Services Provided : You'd find more services offered by a non-working lady...

Value for money/recommend? : The only recommendation is to avoid at all costs

My experience/comments : Hi all, 

It's been a while since I've posted on here, and it was actually this punting experience which made me hold out hope and check whether auxxxreviews was back up and running. 

I'm not sure if it was just my computer or others experienced the same problem, but for months whenever trying to navigate to this website I was met with an error message that it didn't exist. 

Needless to say I am greatly relieved I can post this review for the rest of you... 

Messaged Rachel this evening as she was advertising in Penrith which is less than a 30 minute drive from me. Organised to go see her in a motel off one of the main streets in St Marys. 

It's not a run down place so I was happy to proceed with showing up. 

Messages were quick back and forth and as you can see from her ad she offers quite a lot. 

I confirmed whether she provided deep throat, gagging and face f***ing, which she responded "yeh babe'

I once again confirmed this before arriving just to clarify and she again responded "that's ok babe"

Arrive, she is no longer the person in the majority of the photos, and it's shockingly different having seen her in person. The only couple of photos which are of her are the ones where she is hiding her entire body. 

You're all welcome for my taking one for the team here. I truly wish that was the worst part of the encounter. 

You'll soon see I don't even deem this a punt. 

She takes the money and then asks what I'm after. Says she offers nearly all extras. Only thing she doesn't do is something that leaves a mark and gagging. 

I'm confused here. "I thought you said in your reply to my question that you did"

"What question?"

Oh, she just casually decided to mention now after the money's handed over that she has another person who takes her phone calls and text messages. So she literally had ZERO idea of what was said before I arrived. 

So she starts oral, no gagging, no deep throat... I didn't even last a minute with her doing that before I ask her if she'll lick my balls instead, because the oral was to the point of embarrassing and I was uncomfortable watching her even try. 

I think she maybe got 0.08% of her tongue to touch my balls. Ok. Enough of this. 

Get on your knees on the side of the bed and I'll go down on you.

It is a heavily worn out area on her by the way... repulsive and at that point I decided there's no way in hell i'm putting my face near that, so proceeded to try to finger her. 

She jerked forward instantly "sorry I don't do fingers"

At this point i'm standing there thinking what the f*ck is happening right now.

At this point I mentioned rimming and how much it would be. 

"Show me where on my ad it mentions I do mutual rimming"

I'm furious right now. I grab my phone and bring up her add. Scroll down reading her add. "EXTRAS: rimming (you or me)"

"Yeah that's an extra I offer but I'm not offering right now"

She then asks to take a photo of the messages back and forth between me and 'her' before we met. "I'm going to fire her for saying I did those things"

Ok, cool. I've wasted my time driving here. How about I just pay you for half an hour and I'll just leave"

It had not even been 5 minutes since I walked in the door. 

"Sorry I don't give money back to people"

Steam is coming out of my ears now. I'm putting my clothes on. I'm wishing nothing but the foulest things for this girl in life. 

DO. NOT. EVER. THINK. ABOUT. SEEING. THIS. GIRL. 

$300 gone. For not even 60 seconds of the most uninspired oral I've ever experienced. 

I'm actually impressed with myself I didn't call the reception desk outing her or sending her an abusive message after I left. 

I've had a worker doped up so much on pills that she's fallen asleep in a session. Yet somehow i'd rather that 10 times out of 10 over having to see this girl again. 

f*ck. I'm irate.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 26th June 2019, 09:22 AM
Poster ID: milkdrinker
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Sorry chandlerp to hear of your astonishingly bad punt. I for one appreciate your post and I am sure the rest of punters do too. You have outlined your bad experience and warned us all to stay away as this girl does not deserved to get our hard earned cash.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 28th June 2019, 12:31 PM
Poster ID: james31
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Holy shit that is terrible, I feel for you chandlerp, reading your review makes my butt clench, sounded like a painful slow car crash.

Thanks for the heads up.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 19th January 2020, 05:02 AM
Poster ID: firstmoon
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
the second phone number links up to this profile
 was this the girl?

https://escortify.com.au/sydney-esco...real-pics-8708


Floor: #5
Post Time: 23rd January 2020, 11:26 PM
Poster ID: chandlerp
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hey mate, definitely not the same girl. 

This one is a lot smaller than the original thief with this number.


