Thread Title: Rachel Moore - Surry Hills - 0437 474 371
Floor: #1
Post Time: 12th March 2010, 08:25 AM
Poster ID: tds
Post Title: 
 Rachel Moore - Surry Hills - 0437 474 371
				
Post Content: 
Rachel Advertisers on Craker

Come and have a sexy time in my bed! I am Rachel, a beautiful 33 yo brunette with a firm hourglass figure (5'7" tall, size 14) and very full (natural F cup) bust. I offer a fully inclusive and extremely passionate experience. I am a great kisser , give fantastic head and Spanish is extra good with me because I am so busty. You will be spoiled and aroused in my bed because I love what I do and am very skilled and sexy. Even though I am classy and well-educated I love to talk dirty and show my raunchy side in the bedroom. 

Location 
Private situation in lovely Surry Hills with off-street parking. Very discreet and secure. 

Rates 
$170 for 30mins 
$220 for 45mins 
$270 for 1 hour 

Please call me for an appointment or check out racheldelights.com for more information. I know text seems convenient but I can get a much better idea of how to please you by actually discussing your desires. 


I saw her about 4 months ago she works in surry hills in a complex where I have visited other ladies. We played phone tag for a couple of weeks before I got to meet her but one we started talking it was all systems go from my end. Her photos do her proud and her best assets stick in front and behind. 
When the door opened and I stepped inside I was greeted with the surprise that I wanted. The start was very relaxed with a bit of chit chat along with some great kissing, a great build up to what was to come. She teased my while I showered and when we got to the bed she said layback and enjoy. She gave me a great BJ  and kept her ass in the air so I could see it all in the mirror behind her. We then switched to 69 and it was with me fingering her, her request to insert more fingers while she got off really turned me on. Rachel really gets into this so it makes it so much more enjoyable.
I would certainly recommend he,r my time with her was like being in my fantasy


Floor: #2
Post Time: 8th April 2010, 07:16 AM
Poster ID: bartmast
Post Title: 
 Rachel Moore - 0437 474 371
				
Post Content: 
I first saw Rachel's details on the Cracker & Australia Babe websites. I rang her number & was greeted by a soft friendly & sexy voice. Found out what was the go & made a appointment to see her. I selected the $200 for 45 minutes option.  On arrival at her apparment, I was greeted by her wearing sexy lingerie. It was great putting a face to the rest of the body that I have seen on the web. Her appartment is very modern, clean & tidy. Rachel is a size 14, Australian, Brunette, huge natural tits with smooth skin & clean pussy. After a shower she immediately got to work with natural french which was amazing. This was followed by a slow amazing titty fuck. Then into a 69 position where I moved onto her pussy while she worked away on my cock & balls. Time then for sex in various positions & finished with another amazing titty fuck & cum over breasts as well as a quick massage & shower. A truly amazing expierence & the best $200 spent on a lady. She now has her own website www.racheldelights.com


Floor: #3
Post Time: 20th May 2010, 07:59 PM
Poster ID: majinboy
Post Title: 
 Rachel Surry Hills
				
Post Content: 
I saw Rachel some time ago. She is in the Moore Park/Surry Hills area. I would say that she is in her mid to late thirties and is a curvy lady. Her rates from memory are $270/hr and include role plays, light kissing, daty, natural french. From a purely economical standpoint, yes she is value for money, but since we didn't click, I can't say that I will be back.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 15th August 2010, 10:43 PM
Poster ID: hushabomb15
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Have you ever got frustrated with shit service that you thought you try again jus so you feel happy. It happened to me with Sasha Fierce and Rachel  

I saw Rachel though not in FS. She now does RnT (not that its a bad thing) with maybe an option to go back to FS (I get the impression that she needed a break from FS)

After all the blogs I went to see her after meeting Sasha Fierce unsatisfied.

Rachel is all that and a bag of chips. If the massage is this good wait till the fuckin.  
http://cracker.com.au/sydney-nsw/ero...urn=1&pageno=3

So after meeting Sasha Fierce in the same area (will post that review soon) I was able to see Rachel. 

And she didn't disappoint. 

From the vigorous full body massage, ball lickin, fingering and squirting, spanish and all over horniness she is 10/10 

I think she is a refreshing change to what I usually do so she comes home with the biscuits!!!!!!


