Thread Title: Raine Bowman - 0414 406 471
Floor: #1
Post Time: 2nd February 2010, 05:57 PM
Poster ID: andrewblake
Post Title: 
 Raine Bowman - 0414 406 471
				
Post Content: 
miss raine bowman

phone or email: email: rainebowman@live.com.au || mobile : 0414 406 471
rates: 1 HOUR  $400/3HOURS $1,000/Overnight $2500

ok, where do i start..

i dont partake in too many naughty times these days.. other things take precedent and my time now and also priorities with personal goals..

i had been wanting to keep this to myself for alittle while to gather my thoughts.. a vivid dream and memory..

my first encounter with miss raine was at a mutual drinks night with friends.. included was miss paris, miss lisa, miss renee and her best friend.. unbeknown to me she would captivate me with her long blonde platinum mermaid tresses and curvy, voluptous figure and most of all her sparkle in her eyes..

i remember her smile and scent of her perfume and also, i add, her long black dress with a split up the side and ample cleavage! very naughty and shy of me to say.. 

back to drinks.. conversation was had and enjoyment of company with pizza, bier and sweet yam crisps.. calling it a night.. miss raine left.. here i was left with an empty feeling of not being able to talk more with her..

asking further.. miss renee passed on my note to miss raine..

teeing up a time was not a problem with her, it was more me.. demanding job that i have means only certain days are available.. the anticipation was killing me once we aligned.. 

meeting her alone for was making me nervous.. 

when the time came it was pure bliss.. i vividly remember that time stopped and it was pure passion and emotion.. from the moment i walked into the door our lips locked and did not stop.. soft kissing in the kitchen and hallway.. then more..

it was more two lovers partaking in heavenly bliss.. such was the compatibility and moment..

going with the flow and taking time with each other.. more than gfe.. just.. "the moment"..

no need for expletives or details.. just flowing.. 

her sparkle is forever present and radiates.. it still does in my memory..

not wishing to add any "formailites" to the review.. they are all found on her profile which are all correct and true..

time spent with miss raine is much more than the "sexy time".. she is a gentle, "sweet", passionate, seductive and most of all just "sparkles" and has this glimmer in her eye which to this day i cannot forget and cannot explain.. i am still mesmerised.. 

see you soon my sweet.. 

X


