Thread Title: Randy Mandy - Bexley - 0431 554 049
Floor: #1
Post Time: 3rd June 2010, 09:13 PM
Poster ID: slysnipper
Post Title: 
 Randy Mandy - Bexley - 0431 554 049
				
Post Content: 
Randy Mandy
location btween beverly hill and bexley
contact number  0431 554 049
price $120 for 1/2 hour
age mid 40's
size and shape 14 and curvy
services full service and fetish (very wild girl)
great value for money 
she also has other girls work with her for full lez doubles


Floor: #2
Post Time: 11th July 2010, 10:17 PM
Poster ID: Celica
Post Title: 
 Mandy PWL St George
				
Post Content: 
Mandy 0431 554 049

Advertises as Mature Mandy in local papers of St George area

Recently moved from Kingsgrove to Forest Road Bexley above shops with off street parking

PWL and works with another girl. (Roxy 30's brunette)
Works 10am to 8pm (I think) and charges $200 / hour

Mandy is Australian, 40's, tall, brown hair, was a size 14 but has been losing weight recently and is now size 12/14 with C cup breasts which she loves to use and a lovely shaved pussy.
 Very friendly, great personality and initiates a lot of the action which I like. She caters for kinkier customers from bondage, cross dressers to "genuine" lesbian doubles but is also great with the boring types like myself that just like good fun raunchy sex. Gives great uncovered head (sex is with condom).

Premises with bathroom, shower are clean and functional. Though the bathroom is separate and across the hall which I don't like. But it is very private and she checks first so you don't bump into another client.

Always have a fun time with Mandy and she gives good value. As she always says "not a clock watcher" But you will find yourself leaving pretty close to the hour give or take a minute. Amazing without a clock.

Celica


Floor: #3
Post Time: 27th July 2012, 12:11 AM
Poster ID: Celica
Post Title: 
 Randy Mandy - Mascot
				
Post Content: 
Establishment and/or person's Name: Randy Mandy or Mature Mandy - private

Contact Details/Address: 0431 554 049 - At mascot now

Prices: $200 hour

Age: mature - 50

Size/shape: size 14 c breasts

Nationality or Ethnicity: Aussie

Services: full - kisses, oral, daty, sex and a bit of s&m if you're into that 

Value for money/recommend ? yes 

My experience: Been seeing Mandy on and off for years - in parlours and privately at Kingsgrove then Hustville but last year she's been touring and working out of Newcastle Canberra Woolongong Blue Mountains with only the occassional visit to Sydney at the Motel in Blakehurst.
She has now set up at Mascot near the airport where it was good to catch up again.
Usual greet hello with her tongue down my throat - yes good to see you again too.
She's not slim and is carrying a bit of a tummy but has a nice womanly shape about her. On to bed where her tits are great to suck on then down to daty where she really gets into it and is eager to return the favour wanting to give me head - sucks the little fellow right down her throat slurping on it like an ice block while squezing my balls - in the excitement i come. Not sure i can bounce back but after cuddle and catch up she goes to work on the little fellow bringing him back to life.
Time for missionary - where she gives me encouragement by saying "fuck me harder" over and over - which i do and loving it. Her sling wasn't set up when i saw her but she hopes to very soon. But she has all her other toys available - she caters for a wide range of services in the light s&m area as well.
Yes it was great catching up with Mandy enjoyed every minute - an hour well and truly spent.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 22nd June 2017, 05:39 PM
Poster ID: benardoavedis
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hi do you know whether this lady still around or not? Because I tried to ring her and apparently male voice picked up the phone. Cheers


Floor: #5
Post Time: 22nd June 2017, 05:46 PM
Poster ID: WOTAN01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by benardoavedis


Hi do you know whether this lady still around or not? Because I tried to ring her and apparently male voice picked up the phone. Cheer
"""



Search the forum to see if there are any current reviews. If not ring the numbers and ask.

Also I suggest at this early stage of membership you concentrate on making your own reviews and taking a punt yourself.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 22nd June 2017, 08:25 PM
Poster ID: benardoavedis
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Sure, thank you very much Mr Moderator. I actually rang the number today but a guy pick up the phone and of course he said never heard about her. Maybe she disconnect it and the number is gone to someone else. I've been looking for her because she's so lovely. Cheers


