Thread Title: Raven Hart - Surry Hills - 0466 883 497
Floor: #1
Post Time: 6th December 2019, 10:25 AM
Poster ID: bigdickmalone
Post Title: 
 Raven Hart - Surry Hills - 0466 883 497
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Raven Hart

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : December 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://scarletblue.com.au/escort/raven-hart

Phone : 0466 883 497

Hours of Business : by appt

Rates : $150 half hour basic service

Age : 30's

Size/shape : curvey

Nationality or Ethnicity : Caucasian

Services Provided : Full service

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

So I stumbled on Raven's ad and decided to contact her. Communication was easy and we agreed on the service I wanted and a time.

She is touring Sydney at the moment until Saturday.
I decided to go for basic service which is just cbj and sex. I don't do bbbj or daty so basic is fine with me.
Getting to her hotel in Surry Hills was easy. 
I get to her room and she opens it wearing a black lingerie. She is pretty but not hot (if you not what I mean) 

She does a health check and I jump in the shower.
Once I'm out she gets on her knees, puts on a condom on my rock hard dick and she starts sucking. It's a great feeling (I do like bbbj but Id rather they do cbj). She sucks for a few minutes giving me plenty of suction and eye contact.
I then get her to jump on me and ride me cowgirl style.

She has enhanced boobs but they are very nice (not like some hard out of place other girls have). She is riding hard, I'm grabbing on her boobs, sucking on them. She also has a nice ass. 
When then switch to doggy and I get her to face the mirror where I hit it hard from the back. She is moaning and were both having a good time. I soon cum.

We rest for a bit then onto round 2, stat of with reverse cowgirl where her ass is jiggling for me and the move onto missionary. Where I then finish off.

I have a shower and then head off.

Was a really good punt, she has a good body, pretty and sex was good.

She is only here for a few more days so try her out. She also does 15 min sessions @$100 for those who want.

Cheers,

Big D


