Thread Title: Rebeca Rios - Sydney - 0406 468 081
Floor: #1
Post Time: 28th July 2016, 11:10 AM
Poster ID: Bigdicksyd16
Post Title: 
 Rebeca Rios - Sydney - 0406 468 081
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Rebeca Rios

Establishment : Private, Sydney

Date of Visit : 27/07/16

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://scarletblue.com.au/escort/rebeca-rios

Hours of Business : Daily

Rates : $400 ph

Age : 24

Size/shape : 6, Athletic

Nationality or Ethnicity : Brazilian

Services Provided : Full Service PSE

Value for money/recommend? : Absolutely

My experience/comments : If you're like me a sick of the misleading pics, fake ads, or poor service then Rebeca is a relief.
Amazing PSE (she is a pornstar) she absolutely knows how to perform and is extremely fit and flexible and able to take control and fuck my brains out.
By far the best bj and sex ever.
To top it of she is sweet and lovely to talk to, not to mention stunning.
After watching some of Rebeca's movies online I couldn't resist to meet her.
She greeted me at the door in a sexy dress and led me to her room. Her beauty had me shaking.
I stripped off and met her on the bed where she straddled me and started deep French kissing me whilst reaching for my cock.
After a few minutes she strips off and reveals her perfect athletic body and firm tits.
She starts with the best bj of my life, every skill you expect from a real pornstar, deepthroat and amazing tongue work. After about five minutes of her try to suck the skin off my cock I ask her for 69 so she spins around and presents me with the softest, cleanest and tastiest pussy.
I devoured it till my jaw hurt, at which point she mounted my cock.
I have never had a girl ride me so hard, I thought the bed would break. She did all the work (unlike many others) and really put on a show.
After awhile I flipped on her back, legs around my shoulders and started pumping away, it wasn't long before she clung to me and started rocking her hips to get harder and deeper. I came and we lay and chatted for awhile, she is lovely and sweet to talk to.
After I had got my breath she jumps up and says let's go again.
Round two starts like the first with the most amazing bj and ferocious riding.
We flip to doggy and her skills go up a notch, it is everything you see in porn, me thrusting in her, her thrusting back on to me, reaching back spreading her ass cheeks and looking back at me.
I'm pounding away and start to play with her asshole, she seems to like it so I stick my finger in, this sends her into overdrive, and I instantly cum.
We chat for a little longer, then im on my way.
Absolute superstar, will visit regularly.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 28th July 2016, 05:57 PM
Poster ID: WOTAN01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
You had better luck with this one, which was good.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 29th July 2016, 12:10 PM
Poster ID: Signor Zorro
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
She looks like Pia Miller from Home and Away http://www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz...Home-Away.html


Floor: #4
Post Time: 29th July 2016, 02:27 PM
Poster ID: Bigdicksyd16
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Rebeca is hotter in my opinion, amazing eyes, smile and body. Anyone going to see her, watch her porno before hand, just google Rebeca Rios.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 1st August 2016, 04:34 PM
Poster ID: Tripod
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
She looks stunning, nice job mate


