Thread Title: Rhodes Private in House
Floor: #1
Post Time: 17th August 2017, 12:43 PM
Poster ID: Signor Zorro
Post Title: 
 Rhodes Private in House
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : dont know

Establishment : A private in Rhodes. 

Date of Visit : 4/08/2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : ?Sexy, hot, thai girl available in Rhodes ?? - Australia escorts - backpage.com.au   ---   

Please call or text me on 0420237144

Hours of Business : N/A

Rates : $100 for 30 minutes, $140/ 45 minutes, $170 for 60 minutes

Age : 25

Size/shape : size 8 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : What's included in my service:
💋 Slow relaxing massage
💋 Slippery blow job 
💋 Hot sex in multiple positions
💋 Cum on body (but not face or in mouth)
💋Shower together

Value for money/recommend? : No

My experience/comments : Communication by txt. Was told to call when I reached Blaxland rd, Rhodes. The house is opposite the railway line about 100 metres down from the train station. Parked in driveway. Old brick home. Was rushed in by a very skinny Thai girl wearing only a large tshirt. was led to the bedroom, and heard kitchen noises so there is someone else there. I dont know her name as she didnt give it to me. she asked how long very matter of fact with arms folded and direct eye contact. She was street wise and it was purely business to her. Gave her $100 for the half. She gave a towel and walked out directing me to the bathroom. There was not going to be a 'shower together' option by her mood. Went back to the room. A couple of minutes later she walks in wearing only a bikini which showed off her Size C bolt ons. I tried to touch her gently as she was organising music on the MP3, but didnt seem to enjoy it. Ordered me onto the bed. I gently tried to get a nipple in my mouth as we lied side by side and could tell she was'nt enjoying it. She started jerking me off. When I was half mast she applied the dom and rode me. I was trying to suck her tits again but she did'nt like it. I asked for missionary as I was going soft again. I thought I'd have a go a dining at the Y, but the smell down there really put me off. She even mentioned not today maybe next week . Great. . I mounted here and asked if we can kiss to get me in the mood. NO! was he response. Ok, so I pounded away for 30 seconds, thinking of the asian bird in the bond film Tomorrow Never Dies, and I was done. I asked for a masage and she reluctantly said ok. She went outside for a couple of minutes again and came back with a new towel that she put on by back. Massaged my legs for a couple of minutes and said times up. Do you want a shower she asked. No thanks. Got dressed and left. The most boring $100 I've ever spent. Have'nt punted for a few months as I have not had the urge, and this experience has reinforced that feeling.


