Thread Title: Rika Tamura - Sydney CBD -  0401 870 496
Floor: #1
Post Time: 8th April 2017, 08:33 PM
Poster ID: DeepImpact
Post Title: 
 Rika Tamura - Sydney CBD -  0401 870 496
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Rika Tamura

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : March 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0401 870 496

Hours of Business : 7am to 1am

Rates : $600 per hour, 4 hours $2,000

Age : 18

Size/shape : C cup (natural), 160cm, round hips

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian Born Japanese

Services Provided : BJ, FS

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : 

The firm skin that only a girl her age (18) can possess, the roundness and suckability of her perky breasts, the scent of her body that I ache to be inside of. Problem.... I'm as hard as i've been in my life but I can't get in.............

It was exciting to receive passionate kisses from such a sexy young lady, dressed in her crisp white shirt and short skirt with glasses that looked like a cum target. Minutes earlier she was next to me on the bed kissing me wildy whilst my hands explored inside her shirt and bra her firm C cup natural breasts and erect nipples before moving to her inner thighs and pussy that one finger entered slowly as a preview to the main action. She provided a BJ that was deep, full of suction and powerful almost devouring my cock trying to get as deep down her throat as she could whilst getting me to kneel and face fuck her with her hands behind me pulling me into her harder with each thrust. 

When we were ready to fuck I tried to enter her from on top and began to think my aim was off as I couldn't get inside and she helped guide me but I just couldn't get in. I began thinking well this could end up being the most expensive HJ or BJ I ever get. Another attempt this time a thrust from further back and penetration was achieved slightly and tightly. I couldn't move inside her as the feeling was so tight that I was going to cum almost immediately if I moved - the problem was that she was thrusting at that time more than me so I asked her to lay still for a moment. I've never experienced a WL as tight as her so I had to consider how I was going to enjoy my time without cumming immediately. The next couple of minutes were the slowest fucking I have ever done as I was resisting cumming with each movement and I knew if I looked at her I was going to cum straight away so I pulled out and she resumed an enthusiastic BJ before going lower and going in quickly for some rimming and asking me to sit up so she could get underneath me and provide a HJ at the same time.

I wanted to get back to fucking her and it was a bit easier to get in this time but nonetheless still really tight and I enjoyed every second being inside her and trying doggie whilst cupping her breasts, pulling her up and receiving more of her kisses. She got really wet and her pussy had white froth coming off it as we fucked. This couldn't end normally so I pulled out and she commenced a BJ up until the time I was going to cum as she kept licking the base of my cock as I came on her face and glasses to what was an amazing finish.

I left feeling like i'd had a great time but her tightness really limited the fucking as I would have cum too quick.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 8th April 2017, 10:07 PM
Poster ID: nextlif
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Where is she located?


Floor: #3
Post Time: 9th April 2017, 05:51 AM
Poster ID: silk
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
https://scarletblue.com.au/escort/rika-tamura


Floor: #4
Post Time: 10th April 2017, 05:43 PM
Poster ID: DeepImpact
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by nextlife


Where is she located
"""



She is located in Sydney CBD


Floor: #5
Post Time: 10th April 2017, 05:51 PM
Poster ID: Megamaid
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
She is stunning!

Also on twitter: https://twitter.com/RikaTamuraSan

love this shot https://twitter.com/RikaTamuraSan/st...42739500998656


Floor: #6
Post Time: 11th May 2017, 06:51 PM
Poster ID: Chromehound
Post Title: 
 Rika Tamura- Sydney CBD - 0401 870 496
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Rika Tamura

Establishment : private

Date of Visit : last week 

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0401 870 496

Hours of Business : not sure

Rates : 600/hr

Age : 18

Size/shape : I would guess 8. She has the frame of a size 6 girl, but she has nice assets. 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian - Japanese

Services Provided : DFK, BBBJ, FS, DATY

Value for money/recommend? : Absolutely 

My experience/comments : 

Personality: 10/10 easily 
That youthful flow: 9/10 
Looks: 8/10
Body: 8/10 
DFK: 9/10 
Sex: 8/10 
Overall: 9/10 (personality and chemistry is pretty important for me) 

I booked Rika last week on Wednesday and I just wanted to say she's amazingly really good at her craft. What made it for me was her personality which came off as one of the most genuine I've come across, and her surprisingly strong DFK skills, the latter is probably one of the best I've had in the escort world. 


To start from the start, the first thing you notice when you open the door is her great personality, in that she's a social butterfly and that she beams with the youthful energy of a younger girl.  


I've been around the block and have visited places like Ginza and other high end escorts, and this was one of the most content and happiest sessions I had. I wish I could somehow ingrain the memory of fucking her into my mind. For me it was a nostalgia trip because we were both really similar in age, combine that with the chemistry, energy and excitement and it was the real deal. She also resembled many girls I knew in my life and at uni, so I was attracted to her from the start. Also her body was absolutely perfect, young, youthful, natural, bountiful, pale and petite. 


We began with a lot of small talk and friendly convo, with both of us probing into each other's past, conversation which would continue throughout and get better and more interesting. I was amazed at how good she was at kissing, easily better than most. Our lips were fully engaged and our tongues swirled around, but unlike other escorts she would use a lot more strength and aggression in her kisses, which made far more passionate and enjoyable than DFKs I've had before. It was like an invasion. Also I fucking loved the passion, aggression behind her kisses, it's something I won't forget. We did this whilst I groped her body in her cute little schoolgirl outfit and ran my hands all around her. After doing this for a few minutes I went down on her, the sight was beautiful, nice taut clear skin, and curvy body with an inviting pussy to eat out. Not to mention her thin waist, and great handful of natural tits with her thin frame with thin shoulders. I could go on forever describing her body. I ate her out thoroughly for the next few minutes all whilst taking in the view and groping her, and squeezing her legs around my head. Fucking loved eating her out. Next I put her legs over my arms and picked her up to kiss her some more, then I carried her to her bedroom.


When in the room I first pushed her against the wall whilst still carrying her and we just keep kissing. Honestly the kissing was fucking fantastic, we kissed all the way throughout the whole session. I then sit down, continue kissing and lean back and do some more kissing. Then she slowly lowers herself down and starts off a BBBJ. The BBBJ was quite decent, with great depth and care. I could watch her go off at it for hours on end, it was enjoyable. I just wish it was a bit more agro though, like her DFK. Whilst giving the BBBJ she gradually took her skirt off and her bra, so I got to see the full view of her arching back and bountiful ass. It was a great sight. I also was able to put both of her nipples into my mouth, in case you guys were worried that she was small, great supple natural tits to feel up and suck on too. 


We then moved to riding, it was a great sight having her on top. She was very nice and tight inside, and it took a good while to put it inside her. The greatest part was how petite she was, it was so easy to control her from the bottom and grind from below. I could roam free with me hands as well over her body. We then moved to doggy and I'll never forget the view. Her body was incredible, young youthful, suple, no flabs, with a nice petite frame. Her nice round ass bounced off my cock, as I ran my hands over her arched back, squeezing her shoulders and tits too and moving my hands all over. Usually I don't do doggy but I might start doing it again, the view is just too good honestly. After this I moved to missionary because I wanted the view from the other side. We kissed immediately as I leaned in and started pounding, after putting my self in an upright position I took in the view her bouncing away and her tits bouncing too. I just loved how tiny her waist was, how narrow her shoulders were, how ample her breasts were, how curvy her ass was, and how youthful she was overall. Beautiful. I couldn't finish in this position however so I moved to handjob myself, but out of all the times I've done this I enjoyed it the most with Rika because she pressed her entire body over me as I ran my right hand all over her ass and around her back, whilst having the great DFK session I've ever had again. 


She was very cute about this, after I came we just sat there talked and kissed. I especially enjoyed our convo too, since we were of similar age we had quite a few things in common in our past. Overall I enjoyed the session a lot. 

Btw I have like 5 other reviews I've yet to post, although I'll do it later when I have more free time.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 11th May 2017, 11:23 PM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Book this women


