Thread Title: Rita - Canterbury - 0434 168 845
Floor: #1
Post Time: 11th December 2018, 09:48 PM
Poster ID: paul98
Post Title: 
 Rita - Canterbury - 0434 168 845
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: RITA

Establishment: private

Date of Visit:11/12/18

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: look out at locanto, could not find it anymore but she located in Canterbury. she post the add when she works

Phone : 0434168845

Hours of Business: midday till late

Rates:$120 30 minutes

Age: Mature Asian

Size/shape: petite with dd boobs

Nationality or Ethnicity: Asian

Services Provided: Full Service

Value for money/recommend?: yes

Her add said 27 but my guess she is at least 40-45. when i saw the  picture of those boobs in Locanto decided to take a punt. 
the picture was her and those boobs didn't disappoint. After quick shower , i had to give a quick lick of DD boobs. She is not young but her voluptuous body did for me. She proceed for  cbj . I couldn't wait for longer, ask her to ride cowgirl. Then changed position to missionary . Time was running out , so pull of condom and released on her body. 

I will recommend her if you donot mind mature lady.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 14th August 2019, 11:31 AM
Poster ID: Threepoint14
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Thai Girl in Canterbury (Rita)

Establishment : Private Apartment

Date of Visit : 06.08.19

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Locanto W4M (Canterbury). She only puts ad up when she works. Tuesday's only. Canterbury NSW

Phone : 0434168845

Hours of Business : 1pm - 9pm

Rates : $200 for the hour

Age : 40+

Size/shape : Petite with magnificent DD boobs 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Full Service

Value for money/recommend? : Awesome 

My experience/comments : Been trying to arrange meet with this lady only works on a Tuesday has other job. Apartment is on Canterbury Rd Canterbury. The complex has a woolworths in it her apartment is above. She hires a room out from her friend who has day off on tuesdays see Columbian/Thai girl on Locanto W4M (Canterbury). Access was easy via text. Upon arrival was glad it wasn't bait and switch pictures are accurate 100%. She is a beautiful woman around 40+ but doesn't look over 35 yrs. Quite attractive and sexy. The DD boobs are amazing and nice big nipples as well. She has a large tattoo right above her pussy that ads to the attraction. Paid $200 for the hour. She was wearing a black see thru bra and panties set which left nothing to the imagination. We sat on the bed and I immediately was kissing and licking those boobs she seemed to enjoy this and I pushed her back onto the bed and tasted her sweet sweet pussy very nice. Asked for shower for two which she was a bit reluctant at first because it was cold in room with only a small heater on. The room has a ensuite bathroom and is nice and clean/modern. Into the shower for a wash soap suds on this big titties was a highlight. Her skin is soft and smooth. Onto the bed and started of with light kissing which she allowed but no DFK. CBJ with nice action for about 10 mins always paying attention to my shaft and balls. Straight into doggy was a sight to be hold she has awesome arse and pussy lips. I sat on the chair in the corner of the room and got her to reverse cowgirl me so nice. Missionary was next with me stopping and starting each time burying my head in those DD's. Reverse cowgirl again this time on the bed watching her thrusting up and down was again a highlight. Eventually blew big time and she cleaned me up. Overall a very satisfying punt. WIR definately. Cheers happy punting


