Thread Title: Roshelle - Private, Campbelltown NSW - 0432873394
Floor: #1
Post Time: 5th October 2017, 11:10 PM
Poster ID: Boob11e
Post Title: 
 Roshelle - Private, Campbelltown NSW - 0432873394
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Roshelle

Establishment : Private - Campbelltown

Date of Visit : Mid September - 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : ?Porcelain skinned ??Size 24 Aussie BBW ? Meet Roshelle, Sydney's youngest BBW?Snapchat & discounts? - Sydney escorts - cracker.com.au 0432873394

Hours of Business : I have never been able to see her before around midday. Seems to prefer working afternoons/nights.

Rates : $150 for short time with COF.

Age : 25

Size/shape : Size 24, very large but without the boobs and butt to match. Looks much better in photos than she does in real life.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian, possible European background.

Services Provided : Covered BJ with COF.

Value for money/recommend? : Not recommended, poor service and value.

My experience/comments : Saw her ads for quite some time before everything aligned and I could see her. I love BBW women but they need to have at least decent tits and hopefully a good arse as well. Roshelle has neither. Her face looks ok in the photos and with COF and a decent price so I thought why not.

She is in a great location, good parking, new building - so things were looking up. Upon her opening the door, I almost walked away but decided to continue - is she had of been good it would have a been a perfect regular for me.

She was trying to catch her breath right from the beginning. She had a nighty on and it did her no favours. Her tits are these terrible triangles of fat that you would expect to see on a really fat guy. No shape, no fullness, nipples pointing straight down and without colour. Her BJ technique was poor, no deep throat and she spent more time using her hand on me than anything and to be honest I doubt I would have cum if she only used her mouth. 

Eventually got it over with, took off the condom and blew on her face. A wasted load because I really got nothing out of it.

Hygiene may also be an issue. She didn't smell but her body didn't look clean. Will not be back.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 9th October 2017, 08:22 PM
Poster ID: mikej
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I've seen the photos. At one point she offered up her anal virginity for $1000. Is it actually physically possible to have penetrative sex with her? I sometimes see obese couples and wonder how they manage.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 10th October 2017, 03:50 PM
Poster ID: Boob11e
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I'd say very easy, if you could stay hard. Her arse is very flat. I'd recommend doggy.


