Thread Title: Roxie Roxy - Sydney (Locanto)
Floor: #1
Post Time: 8th October 2015, 01:28 PM
Poster ID: coys2000
Post Title: 
 Roxie Roxy - Sydney (Locanto)
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Roxie Roxy

Establishment: private

Date of Visit: September 2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink:  sydney.locanto.com.au/ID_275501223/Sensual-touch.html

Hours of Business: contact Roxie

Rates:$200

Age: mid 20's

Size/shape: 14-16

Nationality or Ethnicity: Caribbean origin (St Vincent's I think)

Services Provided: GFE

Value for money/recommend?: Great value

My experience/comments:

I have been in contact with Roxie for awhile via locanto for awhile now but have not been able to organise a meet up. This finally worked out for us in early September. While communicating with Roxie has been good, she is easy to have a conversation with on email, there was still some risk as there wasn't much by way of adverts or info about her. No pictures to speak of or reviews so it was a real punt.

We organised our meet all via email which suits me. On the day, Roxie arrived on time and gave me enough information as to how to recognise her. I guess it isn't that hard as she has dark skin and waited for me at a pre-arranged location. Our agreement (price and services) were agreed upon previously via email so it was all pretty easy. Monies exchanged and we started off with a nice massage. 

Roxie is a curvy girl and has nice soft tits that were great to play with. According to her, she does more massaging that FS and you could tell as she does have pretty decent massage skills. The usual touching, playing and body rub was all part of the massage and her soft DD (or more) tits were great assets helping with the body rub. It was a great way to start off and soon we were into CBJ, DATY and sex in many positions. She has a great bubble butt so doggy was great and playing with her big soft tits during reverse cowgirl was good fun too. 

Again, Roxie was easy to talk to, it was a fun and comfortable night. She is not a clock watcher and easy going. She probably spend close to 1.5 hours with me. All in all it was a fun time. Again, if she is your type then she is definitely worth a go. At $200 for a bit more than an hour, that's pretty good value (I think she does massage only for less)


