Thread Title: Ruby - Bass Hill - 0412 252 224
Floor: #1
Post Time: 15th April 2011, 11:46 AM
Poster ID: Mandroos
Post Title: 
 Ruby - Bass Hill - 0412 252 224
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Ruby

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit: March 2011

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: Advertises on Cracker 0412 252 224

Hours of Business: Visits Sydney from the country

Rates: $100 1/2 extras $50 for 1 $80 for smorgasboard

Age: 35-40

Size/shape: 16-18 big nips

Nationality or Ethnicity: Australian

Services Provided: BBBJ, Greek, etc. no limits

Value for money/recommend?: Not everyone's cup of tea - large woman - but I'll be back.

Ruby establishes contact/appointments by Cracker then SMS when she gets a hotel room and settles in. I saw her at Bass Hill. Took the 1/2 hour smorgasboard. Had a fun romp - not a clock watcher. BBBJ, and covered anal (come as often as you want/can). Likes it a bit raunchy/rough and lets you know her limits. All up a fun time. Conversation was good. Said she used to work in the city before semi-retiring.

M.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 2nd October 2012, 10:18 PM
Poster ID: BadAussieBoy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Here is her thread from her work in Canberra:

http://auxxxreviews.com/forum/f30/ru...484/#post59656


Floor: #3
Post Time: 24th January 2013, 04:07 PM
Poster ID: SeaRay
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Having only a couple of new Adventures of the SeaRay in the Bucket List before I totally retire, I wish to pork a real FATTY and noticed in the "Inner West Times" an advert "BIG BEAUTIFUL RUBY ATTRACTIVE MATURE V EXP NAUGHTY AUSSIE LADY TUES - THUR 041225224" as Ahgela the BBW in Balamin is still not answering her phone, I rang Ruby and her pricing started at $200 p/h for covered every thing and if she provided all the services & extras the Asian Whore Houses provide her bill would be well over $300 plus to fuck a big breasted size 16 - 18 MILF, after going through the menu, I told her she was too skinny for what I was looking for and thanked her for ringing me back when my inital call went un answered.
Now Tues - Thursday she is working at CAMPERDOWN so I would think she is working out of a Motel.
Another ACT Punter did visit her in Canberra in which there is another thread on Big Ruby which I copied below...........
Rates : $100 - 30 mins
Age :Mid 40s
Size/shape : BBW with E cups
Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie
Services Provided : BJ, FS - extras available such as anal and rimming but did not try them this time
Value for money/recommend? : Yes
My experience/comments : After being out of the game for the past year I felt it was time for a comeback. I decided to try something a little different from normal. I found Ruby's ad in the local paper. Ruby is in her mid 40s with a very curvy body. If you are into the athletic type then look elsewhere. She was dressed in lingerie and started off slowly with some protected oral. Her oral skills are top notch and had to ask her to slow down on a couple of occasions. We then moved onto the main event and my time was up. Overall a good GFE experience.  
Now this review on her is not my post.

I wish to now make a statement about me retiring as I do have many of you cast doubt over my pending retirement from punting and often the replys on many topics I may post on get the actual thread topic off track.
Over the past year or so, the SeaRay has had many exotic adventures in which some of them have involved natural services that should have been covered.....being very careful who I did them with, I am very lucky not to have ever caught anything and after a full medical & blood tests which are all clear, the only way to ween myself of this terrible desire to keep seeking new adventures is to STOP and that is what I am doing.......now this Thread is on RUBY not me and I ask you all do not post and reply on this thread.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 24th January 2013, 04:27 PM
Poster ID: andrewblake
Post Title: 
 Ruby - Bass Hill - 0412 252 224
				
Post Content: 
SR sir in respect of your wishes and comments.. With your permission we/i will/are going to start a thread and poll on your retirement in the general section and you may write your thoughts and adventures there plus also your regular adventures in the threads and posts you visit.. If this is your farewell and wish in retirement?!.. As comments as said may detract from your original intention..

Now back on track with the OP thread and pwl..

AB


Floor: #5
Post Time: 25th January 2013, 05:27 PM
Poster ID: hushabomb15
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
So I have just seen the lovely @Ruby last night. I only went for the $100 option (that's CBJ and not natural BJ and I didn't ask if there's more on the menu) and I was pretty happy with what I got. She is about 40+, sz 16-18 and a caucasian. She is honestly like a mum who's horny as (whilst a very horny chick she is not a MILF like @LisaAnn)

So after taking care of the financials and a shower we get on the bed and she immediately gets on top and puts her massive 40G cans on my face (tip, she likes her nipples sucked hard) and starts rubbing my cock and giving me some DFK. 

From there she starts to lick my gooch and balls and then we side saddle so I can finger her as well (she does get quite wet however I wanted to 69 yet there's a lot of hair on top so decided against it. However she likes getting finger banged). 

As she jumps on top for some cowgirl, we end up switching positions in doggie and mish (which for me gave me the best result as she's quite flexible) and I pounded her until we both came. 

And the scores are this........
Looks 5/10 (honestly looks like a westie mum instead of an eastern suburbs mum)
BJ 6/10 (whilst covered, she was good yet does get toothy. She's better doing deep throat and would have been better off doing that)
Sex 8/10 (quite energetic, honestly looks to please, is flexible and a great fuck overall)
Overall 7.5/10 (if you can get over the westie mum look she's quite a great fuck)


