Thread Title: Ruby - Private - St Leonards - 0433 346 606
Floor: #1
Post Time: 17th July 2017, 08:12 AM
Poster ID: alphaomega8384
Post Title: 
 Ruby - Private - St Leonards - 0433 346 606
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Ruby

Establishment : Private working from an apartment in St Leonards

Date of Visit : 29 May 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : _____________ ????? Beautiful & busty -- Ruby - Provide top service ?? 0433 346 606 - Sydney escorts - backpage.com.au

Hours of Business : 10am - 8PM 

Rates : 200 per hour including BBBJ

Age : 20s

Size/shape : petite

Nationality or Ethnicity : Taiwan 

Services Provided : BBBJ, FA

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

I was browsing through the Backpage and noticed Ruby's ad at St Leonards. Decided to take a plunge as she was closer to where I was. Messaged her to ask for finer details followed by a call to clarify couple of things. Soon I realized that it was not Ruby herself on the phone and probably the Madame managing her.

Reached St Leonards and it's in one of the apartment blocks closer to the station. Easy access and secured. 

As soon pin as I reached her apartment, I was greeted with a nice kiss. Went into the room and she was excited to see me for some reason. We started to kiss as I am into kissing. After some passionate kissing as if we were some long lost friends, I took a shower. Then into further action, I decided to undress her while kissing her neck, ears etc. slowly fingering her while sucking on her beautiful boobies. I should say, her boobies is a real treat if you are into it. Soon she took over and started giving me a BBBJ. Felt relaxed and I could see she was enjoying it as well. She played with my balls and was really giving it a go. I had to stop her so that I don't cum too fast. 

Theragyer i took over and decided to go down on her. Wow her pussy was an art. Nicely shaved, tasty and responsive. I ate her pussy as if I am licking away honey on it. I noticed she was really into it and she was enjoying it too. We kissed passionately for some more time and we couldn't resist any further. She reached out to a dom and we started with a mish and then doggy which is my favorite. Kept pounding her while she moaned. Back to mish and finally bursted my load on her little body. 

We lied for some time and decided to jump into shower together. We took care of each there for a while in the shower before drying up ourselves. It was a memorable experience and I would definitely recommend her if you are looking for a nice passionate GFE. I will definitely return. The only downside is that she only works on Wednesdays else she is a keeper.


