Thread Title: Ruby – Parramatta – 0475 626 504
Floor: #1
Post Time: 27th April 2020, 03:48 PM
Poster ID: forgnr
Post Title: 
 Ruby – Parramatta – 0475 626 504
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Ruby

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : Mar 2020

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: https://www.escortsandbabes.com.au/P...ent/Ruby69691/

Phone : 0475626504

Hours of Business : Varies

Rates : 30min - $200, 1h - $350

Age : 22

Size/shape : Size 12, G cup

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : FS

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

I texted her after I saw ad. Conversation was reasonably quick. I opted for 30 min, agreed on service and time. I arrived to the given address in Parra and notify her (as usual). She kept me waiting for about 20 minutes with few excuses, but finally sent instructions. Once got in, I saw young attractive Aussie girl. First question was about payment, which I immediately handed over. Quick shower and then pleasurable part.
Started with kisses, cuddling, exploring each other and removing rest of underwear. She was responsive, although kisses were something between DFK and LFK. Her breast is natural, large and soft. I like them, paid respect and close attention to each. Then was her turn for BBBJ. She was on not very active and sometimes I have to move her head faster, but still it was pleasurable. After that I returned the favour to her. She seemingly liked it as she started to rub her breasts and body whilst I was eating her pussy. She domed me and we started with doggy. She was rubbing her clit, which I wanted to see it better. So, we switch to mish, I pumped and she continued to rub her clit (by my request). Did not take long for me to fill up the sack.
She helped me to clean up myself and then we continue to cuddling for couple more minutes. Quick shower, last kiss and I left.
Pros: She was attentive, responsive and probably would follow additional requests. All "heavy breath" and light moaning was in right moments. I liked that she was not much vocal during the sex.
Cons: Can't say I found much. Sucking could be stronger, but it is very individual. I was a bit concern when money question came immediately through the door, but the rest was pretty good. May be she had bad experience in a past.
Overall it was very good and I think next time I need more time to spend with her. From pictures I got wrong impression that she was from South America, but she looks like have local background (and perfect English).

P.S. I've noticed she moved from Parra to Blacktown recently. I guess search by mobile number would be better.


