Thread Title: Sabrina Sky - Sydney - 0478 834 165
Floor: #1
Post Time: 9th September 2013, 06:50 AM
Poster ID: LCA
Post Title: 
 Sabrina Sky - Sydney - 0478 834 165
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sabrina Sky, previously known as Infiniti Flamengo

Establishment : Private Escort

Date of Visit : September 2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Private Girls / 0478 834 165 sms only

Hours of Business : N/A

Rates : $550

Age : 24

Size/shape : size 8 -10

Nationality or Ethnicity : Latvia

Services Provided : BBBJ, CIM, DFK, FS, Massage

Value for money/recommend? : Sabrina Sky is real VFM! She charges $550, has a model material body type and includes CIM in her standard rate. 

My experience/comments : 

The sky is the limit!!!


I had a booking with Sabrina Sky last week but the stars didn't align as she landed in Perth late on that day. I gave it another try today, sent her a SMS and she replied immediately. She proposed that we meet within an hour. She was very professional and courteous in her messages. Sabrina even asked me to choose which outfit I'd like her to wear, sexy nurse or latex cat! I chose the latter. She also made it clear that CIM was included in the standard fee and she can swallow for an extra $100. Greek is offered for an extra $150.

I got to her apartment building just in time. I sneaked in the building as two blokes were leaving. But, Sabrina then explained to me later that she prefers her clients to buzz her unit number as she then knows she needs to wait for the client at the door. She plays music very loud sometimes, and just rocking up and knocking the door might not be a good idea as she may not hear it. However, I did message her to let her know when I was in the lift. So, no drama!

I was expecting her to be very fit and pretty, but I wasn't thinking it would be this good! When she opened the door, I was pleasantly surprised. Sabrina was wearing a latex cat outfit, as promised. She looked very young and fresh, showed off her giant boobs very well in this sexy outfit. She's tall (guessing 5"8, but taller when she wears heels) and has a body to die for. She said she's 24 years old, but if I were to guess without knowing, I'd think 21! I told her she looks like Beyonce in this outfit - hairstyle and outfit only! I swear Beyonce had the same hair style as hers at some time. My eyes were glued on her ass cheeks while she was walking towards the living room, in front of me – beautiful bubble butts! She's a size 8 and just had her boobs enhanced! She must be a gym member somewhere, cause she's really fit and toned! So, she asked me to sit next to her and started talking, she was very talkative, looked confident which helped us both to relax fairly quickly. She's European, born in Latvia but raised in Italy.

Next, I was asked for the gift and to take a shower. I handed her the money which wasn't in an envelope (I didn't have time to grab one) and she counted the money right in front of me and I have no issue with this. She then explained that a few clients handed less than required sometimes. Her apartment was quite luxury; the bathroom was indeed nice – she offered me Lynx Men's Shower Gel and asked me to make good use of the mint mouth wash too.

Sex details

 In the bedroom, I was lying in bed when she moved closer and started to make out. She gave me a deep kiss. Her hair was up in a ponytail then and I couldn't help but to admire her beautiful face. I thought she looked really sublime. Usually, working girls make sure curtains are drawn and even dim the lights - it can then be sometimes hard to inspect their facial features and makeups are hard to notice. But, I guess Sabrina is very confident with her looks. It was day time and she allowed plenty of lights to come through the window. She clearly has a natural fresh-looking face - the light was shining in her blue eyes, which compliments her latte skin tone really well. Sabrina kissed my chest, slowly moved down as she reached down and grabbed a hold of my shaft. When she put her mouth on my cock, I knew that my dick was in the mouth of an expert. I never felt one tooth, and she knew exactly where to put her tongue all the times. She did various combinations, some unusual but very exciting. At one point, she used my dick just as a lipstick, applying the tip of my shaft all over her lips. Next, I felt like my shaft was a beer bottle and her mouth was a bottle opener – ie. My dickhead was the bottleneck that she is trying to pop with her mouth. She let the whole length of my shaft go into her mouth and went deep down, until her lips are hard-pressed on my pubic. But, the best was when she did the "Fast and Furious" blowjob. I tell you, this is a European thing. I experienced this with many European girls – Non-Europeans aren't this good at doing it. She just went up and down really fast and without me feeling one tooth. I was very satisfied with the blowjob skills, to the point that I didn't even bother asking her to lick my balls. So, there wasn't any balls action. She was staring in my eyes when she did the job. Unfortunately, more than often, it was me who couldn't stare long. It felt really good and I was over the moon, eyes closed. She paused a few seconds once in a while, so as I didn't cum quick.

Sabrina was very keen to please. She asked me how we should plan this booking. She proposed two shots – first in her beautiful mouth and the second inside her pussy. Pity, I didn't think I would have that much ammo, and I cursed myself for not having taken some Viagra or xxxxx before this rendez-vous. So, I told her we'd keep it vanilla simple – one shot only! She then removed her pants, proposed a 69'er! I got an immediate terrible hard-on again when I saw her butts naked. They are f*cking awesome, round bubble butt, just the right size – definitely not small but then not too huge too. 69'er we did and her pussy didn't have much taste; this also means that she was very clean down there. I normally like when it has some taste, but fair enough! I tried really well down there, pulling her quite thick pussy lips with my mouth lips, tongue f*cking her pussy and a few other combinations. She was giving it the best she could too, on the other end! She wasn't very responsive or maybe I couldn't read her. Although I tried hard, I wasn't getting any response from her (no loud moans). Her butt hole looked lovely – very tiny, fresh, young and healthy! God damn it! Why didn't I suck the xxxxx before I came, I would then have tried greek! Needless to say, my two hands grabbed the butt cheeks tight throughout the 69'er!

When we were both fully satisfied with eating each other out, she went and grabbed a condom. I asked her to remove her bra and upper outfit! Unfortunately, she wasn't too keen because her boobs were still in recovery after her recent breast lifting surgery. So, the are natural actually. She just did some breasts lifting. I saw them, and she did pull them out a little bit. The nipple circles were a little bit pink all around, a few minor scars were visible but I couldn't tell why they were not operational. It could be they were still sensitive! So, she stood on the bed and I had a magnificent view from down south – nothing short of spectacular. I was in between her long legs, her standing up and looking at me, she said "The plane is going to land in Singapore now" LOL!! Lady on top, and she took full control. Without me saying anything, she did my preferred cowgirl style – her being on her two feet rather than knees. It felt like putting my shaft in an oven – very warm! Although, she started slow, it gradually got faster and more energetic. At one point, she was slamming that arse on my body really hard and I f*cking loved it – "Pac! Pac! Pac!" Cowgirl wasn't very long, we then moved to her preferred position, i.e. doggy style. I was asked to stand up, to go behind her and she was kneeling at the edge of the bed!  I pumped away. She got a vibrator in her hand, and was rubbing her pussy with it. I could felt the vibration on my shaft too, she loved tough and hard rides, I could tell. I tried my best and did it for long. It felt really good, but doggy was never my preferred one. So, I asked to change to something else. We were going to try missionary, but didn't in the end.

I removed the condom, asked her to go to the lounge and to blow me to completion on the couch. Lounge wasn't a good idea as the couch was too low for her. So, we got back to the bedroom, on the bed.. I changed my mind then. Her blowjob skills are too good and be it that it's not often that I meet someone so good at it, I told her I would like to opt for $100 swallow fee. She did a really good blowjob – I always thought Brooke James was the best blower I've met. Sabrina Sky is just as good! She gave me a helping hand from times to times and I came right in her mouth. She kept on sucking although I have long come, not letting any drop aside. I wasn't sure she swallowed it. I mean I came already, right? She kept on it and when she raised her head a minute later, her mouth looked empty when she smiled, mouth closed. She didn't open her mouth and left to go the bathroom. So, I laid there and was wondering if she swallowed!

When she came back, we chatted while she gave me a quite firm and nice massage. Time was up and she grabbed her clothes. I was satisfied but I thought this session went quite fast. Is time really up? So, I went to the bathroom, got dressed without taking a shower. I was going back home straight away and I prefer taking my shower home. I then looked at my watch – Yes, indeed. We've been playing for exactly one hour! I guess it goes like the old saying "Time really flies when you're having fun".

Now, did she swallow or not? So, fuck it! I took $100 out of my wallet and handed it to her. Oh boy! She said, "No, no need! I didn't swallow. I wasn't sure you'd give me the money, so I didn't do it. Some guys ask me to do something extra during the intercourse and sometimes don't pay. Next time, if you pay upfront, I'll swallow for sure!!" I was somehow under the impression she might have done it, and it felt fucking good when it happened anyway. So, I was wrong! That's funny, I thought! But, the thing is she's honest and definitely could have cheated me $100. And she didn't! Kudos to her! So, here I was, I saved $100, thought she swallowed and had the same excitement as swallowing did happen. But, it didn't and saved $100. LOL! We kissed goodbye and I left!

The final verdict: If you're in Perth and reading this, if she's still in Perth too, Run! Run to her now while you still can!! She's amazingly beautiful. Her body reminds me of Hayley Maison somehow. She has this model material body, but just a tiny bit shorter than Hayley and as opposed to Hayley, she has enhanced boobs! Whoever follows me knows I was a very big fan of Hayley! Blowjob and sex were just too good to be true for a girl at her age. She's definitely value for money too – I paid $550 and got a nice CIM from a very beautiful European girl. What could I ask for more? I'm rating her BJ skills 9.2/10, Body and face features score a 8.7/10, overall rating is a fine 8.3/10!
Regrets? Yes! I should have taken xxxxx and then I could have done greek. She has such a good-looking butt hole and firm bubble butts! Oh Sabrina Sky! The sky is the limit and the plane landed perfect!

Service Provider's Name: Sabrina Sky (Infiniti)
Session Month: September
Session Year: 2013
Type of Service: Private Escort
Phone Number: 0478 834 165
Service Provider's Email (if any): arielle.maclaren@yahoo.com
Link to Website or Online Ad (if any): Sabrina Sky Private Sydney Escort
Photos Authenticity: 100% Real
Advertised Hourly Rate (Pick closest): $550
Location where session took place: Perth
Incall or Outcall (Leave blank in Victoria): Incall to Escort's place
Session Day: Weekend
Session Time: Daytime
Estimated Age: 21 - 25
Estimated Ethnic Group: Caucasian / European Origin
Nationality (Leave blank if Australian): Latvia
Knowledge of English: Very Good
Hair Colour: Blond
Hair Length: Long
Eyes Colour: Blue
Skin Colour: Tanned, latte skin tone
Height: Tall - Above 170 cm / 5'7"
Body Shape: Athletic
Estimated Body Size: 8 to 10
Estimated Breast Size: DD and above (Extra Large)
Enhanced breasts?: No
Pubic Hair: All Waxed / Shaved
Any Tattoos?: One or two
Any Piercings?: One or two
Full Sex Available: Yes
Kind of Experience: GFE/PSE Combined
Kissing Available: Passionate Kissing
Blowjob: Yes, BBBJ and CIM
DATY / Oral On Her: Yes
Massage Available: Yes
Extras Charged: No
Overall Looks: Very pretty!
Overall Personality: Lovely
Overall Performance: F*cking good!
						



 Attached Images


Floor: #2
Post Time: 9th September 2013, 06:55 AM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by LCA


Person's Name : Sabrina Sky, previously known as Infiniti Flamengo

Establishment : Private Escort
.

"""



Nice review LCA.

What a rack that lady has.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 9th September 2013, 07:04 AM
Poster ID: LCA
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks fartichoke. 

I know.. And she charges $550 only with a CIM inclusive. Another great lady with model material body was Hayley Maison. Unfortunately, Hayley retired not long ago. Oh well, at least we get someone to replace Hayley now


Floor: #4
Post Time: 9th September 2013, 02:14 PM
Poster ID: hard
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Great reviews LCA... good to have a true connoisseur of the 'upper class Caucasian woman' on board! Welcome!


