Thread Title: Sakura - World Square vicinity - 0456 226 155
Floor: #1
Post Time: 16th December 2013, 11:06 PM
Poster ID: Bracket
Post Title: 
 Sakura - World Square vicinity - 0456 226 155
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sakura

Date of Visit : December 2013

Contact Details/Weblink : 0456 22 61 55, @@30 days LEFT@@Independent JAPANESE GIRL, SHORT STAY ONLY IN SYDNEY UNTIL Jan. - Sydney | Escort / adult | Erotic | Cracker

Rates : $250/30m $350/1hr

Age : 26 claimed, but looks younger

Size/shape : 170cm, size 6, A-cups

Nationality or Ethnicity : Japanese

Services Provided : DATY + rimming her, bbbj, FS, CIM and, in addition, she misunderstood a request and said that she was happy to shower with me although I wasn't after that.

Value for money/recommend? : Sakura is the most beautiful Japanese woman with whom I have ever enjoyed carnal pleasures.  On that basis alone I would pay good money to visit her.  That she provided great service was a bonus.  Having said that, she does what I ask her to, rather than taking the initiative, which is somewhat of a negative for me, but maybe I wasn't giving her the right opportunity to run free!

My experience : Normally I don't venture this far up the cost curve, but there was something about Sakura's ad that suggested honesty.  The first time I spoke to her on the phone I took the precautions of asking first whether there were any extra charges on top of her advertised rates, to which she answered that there weren't, and then whether she provided natural French, which she confirmed.  That was good enough for me to make a booking.

I was stunned when Sakura buzzed me up to her apartment near World Square.  She was absolutely beautiful, much better looking than her ad.  She has alabaster skin and those wide Japanese eyes.  Her looks are possibly Westernised, although I didn't enquire into that.  If you look really closely she has two minor imperfections, being moles on her left leg - one on the inside of her thigh, right next to her pussy, and one on her hip - but in a girl as beautiful as Sakura, that's neither here nor there.

I have now seen Sakura twice.  I made a request this time for her to wear stockings, as per her ad, and was a little disappointed that by stockings she means pantihose.  Sexy, not!  Still, she wore them under a sexy LBD.

On account of her beauty I already had half a fat as I stripped off for my shower.  So I asked her if she wouldn't mind sucking my cock to bring it to full-fat before jumping into the shower.  She kindly knelt and obliged while still dressed and my cock reacted exactly as I had hoped.

In and out of the shower in short order I reacquainted myself with Sakura in the bedroom.  Got her out of her dress and then onto the bed in doggy position so that I could remove her pantihose and then her panties as a prelude to some DATY.  But pulling down her panties I realised that they were crutchless, so I told her that I'd like to pull them back up so that I could pull them open and tongue her through them.  OK, she laughed.

Had a wonderful time with my tongue - around the outside of her completely and smoothly-shaven lips, into the pink cave, around and into her arsehole, which made her gasp.  I then slipped a finger into her arsehole without thinking that her ad had said No Greek, so I asked and she confirmed that my digital intrusion should be remedied.

Now it was my turn, so I lay on my back facing the mirrored wardrobe next to her bed while Sakura proceeded to launch a lingual assault on my rigid old fella.  It was wonderful, not just her tongue but the view of Sakura from the rear in the mirror.  I let her know by pulling my legs back that I was amenable to being rimmed, but that didn't happen.  Instead I got one of the best bbbj's I can recall.  She took it slowly, working her way around my balls then up the shaft and onto the knob repeatedly.  After what seemed a lifetime of heavenly bliss she revved up the action on the knob until I warned her that I was about to explode.  So she then revved up the motion still another notch and I couldn't help but spurt into her accommodating mouth.  She kept on licking and sucking for I don't know how long, but she certainly must have picked up every drop that I had relieved myself of.

Sakura then took her leave to dispose of the residue in the bathroom.  The rest of the session was much quieter, mainly on account of my being in a state of heavenly bliss, although I did attempt, not really successfully, to fuck her.

Although Sakura's English isn't that good, it's possible to hold an intelligent conversation with her.  She's here only for another month so you'll need to move quickly to see this Japanese beauty.  My only gripe is that I would really have liked her to take the initiative from time to time, as otherwise I drive the session and they all end up being similarly structured.  But that doesn't change the fact that Sakura is beautiful and gives one of the best blowjobs that it's been my pleasure ever to receive.
						



 Attached Images


