Thread Title: Samantha - Private Blond Mature - Kings Cross - Sydney - 0403 582 423
Floor: #1
Post Time: 31st January 2017, 10:15 AM
Poster ID: JJX73
Post Title: 
 Samantha - Private Blond Mature - Kings Cross - Sydney - 0403 582 423
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Samantha

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 15/12/2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0403 582 423  Blonde, Mature, Adventurous, Passionate Australian thats Loves to Please - Sydney escorts - backpage.com.au

Hours of Business : 10 am to late (but varies)

Rates : $200 per Half - $300 1 Hour

Age :  50

Size/shape : Curvy

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : Full Service,  rimming is extra.  DFK, DATY, BBBJ,  69 etc...

 Value for money/recommend? : Yes/Yes

-----------------------------------

My experience/comments : 

I sent this lovely lady a message via text,  just to test waters as I was in office and feeling a little fruity !  She responded promptly,  and before I knew it we'd exchanged multiple messages, including some very alluring pictures that distracted me completely from my meeting. 

Before I knew it we'd arranged to meet the following day,  private apartment in Kings Cross.  Very easy going women,  met up with her and she was as friendly in person as she was on text.  I sometimes try text if busy in office,  although clearly this isn't everyones preferred mode of communications and can be tiresome for the ladies.

Upon arrival was met by lovely lady,  sexy as,  and after quick shower was extremely aroused and we began DFK,  then moved onto bed quickly we were both naked,  a slow very enjoyable BBBJ ensued,  and she instructed me to look at her whilst she sucked and slurped,  and she had mirror on  wardrobe so could get a few views !  Lot's of spitting and tugging of my old boy,  then I she rubbed her ample breasts all over me and positioned so I could taste those delights.  So nice to play with natural boobies... then I went down for some lovely DATY...but only after removing her stockings and sucking on her toes and feet,  I'd mentioned I had a thing for pretty feet & toes, she'd made sure to furnish me with pics,  and so her red toe nails were a real turn on for me....

Her pussy was sweet and really enjoyed her nectar,  then she put on a cover and rode me,  and we switched to a few positions before I unloaded.  What a beautiful, accommodating women.
I believe she used to work on reception at few parlours, and recently decided to take plunge.  I'd check her out if want a real aussie delight,  that is mature and knows how to enjoy and please. 30 min session $200

Go for it...


