Thread Title: Samantha Smith - Sydney - 0415 392 007
Floor: #1
Post Time: 29th January 2010, 07:00 PM
Poster ID: agent86
Post Title: 
 Samantha Smith - Sydney - 0415 392 007
				
Post Content: 
Well I ended up seeing this lady and it wasnt too bad at all
After a false start (at least she sent me a txt unlike another wl that shall remain nameless) we finally met at her ultimo location
I wont give out the details but it is close to the powerhouse museum, so you could see some large feats of engineering and then go to the museum after!
I went in and met her, gave me a nice dfk and into the shower (hotel shower has soap dispensers)
Came out and met her on the bed, she was dressed in nice sexy lingerie, stockings, suspenders and high heels, we do some kissing and touching and after a bit she pushes me onto my back and gives me a really top bbj, lots of licking and throw in some dirty talk and I soon had to beg her to stop
I want to taste her pussy so she then straddles my face, lots of licking and some nice noises coming from her, then she asks if I would like the golden shower (I had requested earlier), we move onto the other bed she had prepared earlier with some towels (nice to find a girl that does this properly), she straddles my face again and hold her lips open and after a few moments her golden liquid flows over me
She then moves off my face and straddles my cock, having those huge jugs bouncing in my face and feeling her slide up and down on my was just too much and shortly after the best part of me is left inside a condom
We clean up (she used wetones which was a nice touch) and return to the other bed for some kissing and cuddling and chit chat
We start touching both our intimates again and I warn her I only carry a single barrel which she doesnt mind, she then asks if I would like to fist fuck her, why not!
Lube up my hand and as she twiddles her clit I push my hand into her vagina, she warns me she is about to cum and I can feel her muscles cramping down on my hand which we both enjoyed
Anyway some more touching and she offers me a massage which was quite nice too, as she rubs me down we chat and giggle etc... and shortly after she slaps me on the backside that my times up

Ok for those looking for a twiggy, give up now, this girl is built, but built quite well, I wouldnt call her a bbw, more like amazonian if that makes any sense, she has very large breasts, probably EE or even G's, she is american with some native american, to get an idea of her she is a little like Dr Kelly Torres from greys anatomy http://www.imdb.com/name/nm0708381/ except with bigger tits if thats any help

the website says mid 30's but looks late 20's which is probably correct but I am useless for guessing ladies ages anyway but I thought she was ok
premises 9/10 (its a nice hotel in a very quiet location)
location, depends, its close to cbd but not in cbd
looks 9/10
sex 9/10
kinkiness 9/10 (she did mention some things that would be fun to try) and she gave me a golden shower on the bed which was pretty hot
Rates, $350 ph so not a bargain basement price but I thought it was reasonable considering she didnt charge for extras like some wl do
would I go back, yes certainly, except its not going to be for a lunchtime quickie due to location


Floor: #2
Post Time: 5th December 2010, 03:35 PM
Poster ID: FriarFuck
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
After a couple of emails confirming her kinkiness I met up with Samantha at a hotel in Potts point. 
Would have to agree with the previous punter about looks, however as I'm not really into bigger girls she didn't do too much for me. 
So why did I go? She mentioned the magic word - "fisting". 
Unfortunately I only had a 30m booking as she was pretty busy, so had to try and rush things that can't be rushed. I should explain that I have hams for hands, and that if a woman can take them in half an hour she would have had to stretch a bit before I arrived. Samantha did have a nice big cunt and certainly got nice and wet while working up to the fist. Did manage to get knuckles in but the fist wasn't going in this time. With 60m I'm sure she would have been well stuffed!
She asked if I wanted a golden shower which she loves, but it's not my thing so politely declined. 
Nice wet fuck, great tits, nice big pussy!
Would I go back? Yep... Only to make her cum on my fist. 
Downsides? No anal and she's a slightly bigger girl.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 11th February 2011, 12:54 PM
Poster ID: durden
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I spent some time with Samantha last week and it was well worth it. She greeted me in sexy black lingerie and she was so friendly I immediately knew I was in for a good time. *Samantha is beautifully curvy with striking features and a wicked smile.

After a quick shower I joined her on the bed - I was going to kiss her lips but she'd just pulled the top of her camisole down and I just had to go straight for those big fantastic tits! Some nice DFK followed, and soon I found myself with my face buried between her thighs. I think I got 3 fingers in her shaven pussy, will be trying for the whole fist next time! After a loud orgasm she told me it was my turn, and I wasn't complaining.

She's a BBJ expert and held me on the edge for some time. No CIM but very good nonetheless. She cleaned me up (with wet ones as mentioned above) then after a short rest it was on with a condom for some pounding in the missionary position, with Samantha urging me on with dirty talk the whole time.

Some Spanish between those huge tits finished me off again, and I left exhausted but smiling.

All round it was a 9/10 experience, next time I'll be trying some fisting and a few different positions.


