Thread Title: Sandy - Private - Sydney CBD - 0451 064 772
Floor: #1
Post Time: 30th November 2018, 03:35 PM
Poster ID: distantfunk
Post Title: 
 Sandy - Private - Sydney CBD - 0451 064 772
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sandy

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : November 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :. https://www.escortsandbabes.com.au/P...ent/Sandyhong/ 

Phone :. 0451 064 772

Hours of Business : 11am-11pm

Rates : $250 for 60 min incall

Age : late 20s early 30s

size/shape: size 6 petite, slim body, nat b cup, fully shaved 

nationality: Chinese

service provided: Lip kiss, DATY, BBBJ, covered fs

Services Provided : Full service

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : 

It's been an age between drinks (in this case punts). Was in the cbd running a few errands and with the amazing summer weather the eye candy was making me feel a little toey.

Sat down for a coffee and perusing E&B came across the ad for Sandy. Sent a text to schedule booking for the next hour. Received a reply shortly after with address and instructions to be buzzed up to the apartment. Easy peasy. 

Arrived on time buzzed into the foyer (there is a reception as it's a serviced apartment).
Out of the lift and knocked on the door.

Was greeted by another lady (whom I found out is also a pwl but was not on for today - no makeup, streetclothes and eating snacks). She. asked me to wait while she would go and see if Sandy was ready.

Sandy came out to the living room area and she is as per photos (not fake or bait n switch) the same black lingerie. Good to go she took my hand and walked me to the master suite. 

English is very limited, unless you speak Mandarin. Maybe use a translate app to converse.

Settled the finances (I didn't ask for extras so not sure if they were offered) and off to the shower I went. Now at time of the ad, shower for 2 was listed, but the shower space is a little cramped so she stood somewhat half way in and washed me there. Kind of odd but whatever I'm not here to review the shower. Important areas cleaned I grabbed a towel and a swig of mouthwash. Then headed back to the bedroom.

Sandy followed shortly after and prepared things. I held her naked body and spun her around for a good look. Tiny slim frame, soft B cups, not much of a butt but oh well. There was a slight cigarette smell in her hair but not offensive or anything. We engaged in light lip kissing, before she started a standing front catbath then she dropped to her knees and gave a nice slow bbbj. Good eye contact and all mouth suction, no hands. After about 10minutes of this I wanted to taste her.

Proceeded onto the bed and went for daty. She is shaved thankfully and tasted great. Plenty of light moany noises. She was getting excited and definitely wet ( she told me so in Mandarin). Her legs lifted so I could tongue her deeper. She was enjoying this immensely and her grip over my head was tightening like a vice. Her legs were so straight and locked in intensity that she was writhing with pleasure. Silence followed as she held her breath and then let out a load moan. She felt good , really good. I had the biggest hard on and she got the Dom ready. She jumped on top and eased herself slowly on top for some cowgirl. Slow momentum at first getting a feel and rhythm of the penetration. Then she got it going harder and harder and faster. Her wavy curly hair was flailing everywhere it was a crazy view. This was going to end abruptly in a good way so we changed positions to doggy. She has a fairly boney butt so the bone was slamming my pelvic region which was kinda sore. I would have liked a bit more so switched to missionary. 

Continuing the rhythm of thrusts, the sight of her tits bobbing up and down, the eyes looking at me, she was saying "fuck me fuck me" I was getting to climax. Then boom boom shake the room I blew in the bag.

We were both exhausted. Cleaned up and we lay on the bed with about 15min to go. Had a quick chat then I went for another shower, another Listerine rinse, got dressed gave her hug and walked out the apartment.

I enjoyed my first return punt. Would I return here, I'm tentative as there are plenty of choices around the area. I will be keeping my eye on the other lady as well for a test drive.

Sent from my SM-G930F using Tapatalk


