Thread Title: Sandy (Happy) - Haymarket - 0450 415 908
Floor: #1
Post Time: 13th December 2019, 07:46 PM
Poster ID: Davidw2
Post Title: 
 Sandy (Happy) - Haymarket - 0450 415 908
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sandy (really Happy (xin) in Chinese)

Establishment : Independent

Date of Visit : Dec 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.escortsandbabes.com.au/Profile/NSW/Sydney/Independent/sandynewglir22/

Phone : 0450 415 908

Hours of Business : 24hrs !!!

Rates : $250 per hour

Age : early 20's

Size/shape : 8/10 C boobs, puppy fat

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : DATY, CBJ, FS

Value for money/recommend? : ok

My experience/comments : the advert for Sandy has been used for a long time and I had no expectations that it reflected who I would find. Apartment is same as used by other Chinese girls currently advertising with different numbers and is clean, new and easy access (I have been there before). Sandy was actually Happy from China (not Bali). She is a friendly girl, somewhat nervous, has been here 3 months on 2 year student visa - my sense was she is fairly new to this job. her room was off the living room, pretty dark but the bed was comfortable, I dealt with the $, got undressed, passed on the shower and she stripped off - sexy lingerie which was good, boobs are not tight and she has a fair amount of puppy fat so is nice to cuddle with. She has that nervous giggle which is why I sensed she was not experienced. Anyway we settled on the bed and kissing did not progress much further than lip kissing which she was good at - she is affectionate but not really GFE. She got quickly into playing with my cock which responded so I tried some nipple sucking on her which didn't get much response so progressed downwards for DATY. She is quite hairy which is not my preference but she tasted good and was quite quickly responsive - DATY gets a 9/10. She is cuddly and that worked for me today - little bit of rolling around on the bed ended up in 69 with her slipping a condom on for CBJ and she took some long deep sucks which nearly took  me too far too quickly when coupled with her pussy beautifully positioned in my face. I decided I really wanted to fuck so pulled away and settled straight into mish knowing I was not going to last long She was very tight which also speeded the process up and when I came she clamped her pussy muscles tightly around my cock. Clean up and lay back on the bed Happy doesn't speak much English but more than my Chinese so we used Google translate for a bit and then off for a shower.
Recommendation: if you like younger inexperienced Chinese girls she is worth a visit but not for GFE  maybe in 12 months time


