Thread Title: Sarah - Sydney CBD - 0478 677 571 - European girl!!!
Floor: #1
Post Time: 14th February 2017, 06:41 PM
Poster ID: Fuzzynuts
Post Title: 
 Sarah - Sydney CBD - 0478 677 571 - European girl!!!
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sarah - Ad heading is European girl!!! Verified Pictures

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : Feb 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : http://australia.backpage.com.au/Fem...77571/26994122

Hours of Business : casual

Rates : $200/30

Age : late 20's?

Size/shape : Regular shape, a little bit more doughy than the pics suggest

Nationality or Ethnicity : Ukraine

Services Provided : DFK, BBBJ, FS, CIM, COF

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : 
Seen this ad recently and pics look good, plus the hand written phone number in the pics suggest they are real. The face is blurred and looks like she could be Asian, but she is genuinely Ukrainian. The idea of a young East European that does BBBJ and CIM/COF in the CBD was too good to pass up so booked in a session.
Her apartment is near Kent and Bathurst (Town Hall) which is convenient, and upon opening of the door my initial thought was fake photos. Sarah is still ok looking, but I'm not sure how that girl was able to look much more fit in the photos. The bedhead in one of the pics is the same as the one we fucked on so they must be real, just really good photography 
Service started with sensual DFK. Sarah comes across like a genuine traveler fucking for some extra cash, so her manner was friendly and natural. A quick shower, and back for more DFK and heavy petting, I sit on the edge of the bed and she gobbles my cock for a very nice BBBJ. It feels too good so dom up for some fucking before I blow too quick, and some slow sensual mish with plenty of DFK ensues. Sarah fucks like I'm her boyfriend, very touchy feely and kissy which is great. It's too great and I ask if I can blow in her mouth which she agrees. So up for more BBBJ until I'm ready then I take over and wank into her mouth and face, sticky cum dribbling down her chin
 and filling her mouth. Fucking excellent!
Service was top notch, looks were less than what I expected, more a girl next door than a hottie, but still definitely fuckable.


