Thread Title: Scarlett. Sexy BBW West Sydney - Contact via Locanto
Floor: #1
Post Time: 4th August 2016, 11:32 PM
Poster ID: Bluey651
Post Title: 
 Scarlett. Sexy BBW West Sydney - Contact via Locanto
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Scarlett

Establishment : Private WL

Date of Visit : 28/7/2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : http://nsw.locanto.com.au/ID_9431407...-a-reward.html

Hours of Business : varies. You will need to contact via Locanto

Rates : $200 for the hour

Age : Mid 20's

Size/shape : Large girl. Size 16. Very pretty

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : DFK,GFE, CBJ, FS, Anal (extra $100.00)

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

I noticed Scarlett's add on Locanto. You can only contact via Locanto and she will give you her number later. This I did. She was very chatty on the message service and was very genuine. A nice lady. Made me feel comfortable before I even called her.

I arranged an outcall. $200 for outcall an hour. She was a little late but that was not a problem. The evening was cold so she was dressed warm. We kissed and chatted for a while. She was lovely. She then asked if she could change. She had brought a nice outfit to wear for our encounter. not a problem for me and off she went.

She returned and looked very sexy. She is a large girl but dresses well to emphasize her assets. We continued kissing and went to the bedroom. We started by cuddling and kissing on the bed. She started to stroke me and I rubbing her clit and fingering her. I then started to finger her and ring her arsehole with my other finger. I then had two fingers in her and one in her arse. She loved this and started to rub her clit. She came quite hard. All the time I was licking and sucking her lovely tits.

After a little break, Scarlett then began a slow and deep CBJ. This was accompanied with lots of ball licking. I just lay back and took it. She then said she wants to be greedy and mounted me. She was grinding deep and jerking back and forth. She came again. We the went Mish and then doggy. This was followed by flat doggy. While doing this I kept tickling her anus and inserting my finger. Off she went again. She came hard and long. Loved it.

I couldn't hang on and I shot in the bag. We relaxed and cuddled and kissed. We had a shower and then sat on the lounge and had a drink. After a nice chat, she left. All in all Scarlett was there for two ours. Not a clock watcher and she is very service orientated. Be nice. She is selective with who she sees as she has a full time job.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 6th August 2016, 09:58 AM
Poster ID: copul8er
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Wow sounds great. Pity its outcall only


