Thread Title: Seductive Redhead - Picton - 0451 180 799
Floor: #1
Post Time: 3rd December 2013, 10:16 PM
Poster ID: FrankParkinson
Post Title: 
 Seductive Redhead - Picton - 0451 180 799
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Seductive Redhead

Establishment: Private

Date of Visit: October 2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: 0451 180 799

Hours of Business: 11am-5pm most days

Rates: $90/30 min, $150/hr FS, $55/30min, $100/hr massage

Age: Mid 30s 

Size/shape: Slim, average size breasts, nice figure

Nationality or Ethnicity: Caucasian

Services Provided: Full Service, massage

Value for money/recommend?: For me, not really

My experience/comments:

Her label of "seductive redhead" was enough to grab my attention, and I was willing to travel to Picton (a fair distance out of my way) for someone with real red hair and the complexion to go with it. Unfortunately for me, she turned out to be more a bottle brunette than a bottle redhead, let alone a real redhead.

She works out of an industrial estate, in a unit set up quite conveniently as residential accommodation.

Her advertisement in the local paper promises a "Tantalize XXX Full Body Massage", but I don't think she has much in the way of massage skills, and I suspect she doesn't have many customers actually wanting a massage, given that she offers FS as well. We spent a good part of the time with me massaging her, and when she goes off, she does so in fairly spectacular fashion, which was a lot of fun.

She is fairly attractive and has a quite nice figure, and was happy for me to explore as I wished.

One thing which I found annoying is that she is a smoker, and with any smoker at such close quarters, no amount of gum, mouthwash or mints is going to hide the fact. If you're a smoker yourself perhaps you wouldn't mind, but I'm not, and I do. Not that this is her fault.

I had a fun time with Seductive Redhead, but the disappointment was with what was promised but not delivered. No redhead, no tantalising massage, no seduction. If only half the promises were delivered I'd have thought her reasonable value for money, but they weren't. If she were local and not a smoker, I'd visit her again knowing what she does offer, but not being the redhead she claims to be, there's no reason for me to go out of my way to see her.


