Thread Title: Selina - Wollongong - 0457  717 046
Floor: #1
Post Time: 13th June 2016, 10:46 AM
Poster ID: Sharplydressed
Post Title: 
 Selina - Wollongong - 0457  717 046
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Selina 

Establishment : Private - Wollongong

Date of Visit : 4-6-2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Notices | Illawarra Mercury

Hours of Business : 10am -10pm

Rates : $70 half hour massage with handjob.

Age : 40s

Size/shape : Slim. Good body

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Massage with hand relief

Value for money/recommend? : Yes I guess so

My experience/comments : Feeling a little toey decided to give Selina a try. Selina has been advertising in the Illawarra Mercury for about a year now. Rung , booked a appointment. Was directed to go to the apartments where all the fast food outlets and petrol station are situated in north Wollongong. Rung again and she told me to walk to the end apartment building and she would watch and buzz me through the door. She buzzed me in and was told to go to the third floor. This is all done very discreetly. Arrived at third floor and her room was right in front of me and she waved me in. Quite a comfortable apartment where she clearly lives. Selina herself - Nice tidy body , head ok but I wouldn't say pretty as such. To be honest it did cross my mind for a sec that she could be a lady boy but I brushed that away and got undressed. 
Massage technique was so so. Not brilliant but also not bad. I think I probably couldn't relax too much because I was still thinking if it was a guy. A few strokes on the jewels got me going. When she told me to roll over she snuggled in next to me and started to play with my cock. I went for her pussy and she opened up her legs and allowed me full access. She was quite wet and I pushed a finger into her and she moaned quite loud. Then I put another finger in her and started to finger fuck her pussy. I continued to finger fuck her pussy quite hard and fast and this continued for ten mins as she moaned and gasped. She is pulling my cock all through this finger fuck marathon. I told her I'd love to stick my hard cock deep into her pussy and she said " no , no too big ". Eventually cumming time was upon me and I pulled my fingers out and she wanked me to completion.
All in all a decent punt. Really nice lady though. Not sure if full service could be on the cards as she has never advertised that and brushed aside my suggestion but if it is I'm sure would be a great treat.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 13th June 2016, 11:17 AM
Poster ID: nextlif
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
What is her phone number? All reviews need to contain contact details or they are useless.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 13th June 2016, 04:49 PM
Poster ID: Sharplydressed
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Of course. So sorry 0457 
717 046


