Thread Title: Serena - Burwood - 0406 968 130
Floor: #1
Post Time: 25th March 2020, 07:10 PM
Poster ID: Obo2192
Post Title: 
 Serena - Burwood - 0406 968 130
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Serena

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 28/02/2020

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.escortsandbabes.com.au/P...endent/Baby92/

Phone :0406 968 130

Hours of Business : 7AM to late.

Rates : 30Mins $120 45Mins $150 60Mins $180

Age : 40s I'd say

Size/shape : Size 10 maybe

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Massage, BBBJ, FS

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : Lisa from Ashfield who i reviewed recently was still on holiday. She gave me her "friends number" instead who works out of an older apartment in Burwood not far from the station. Our first session I saw her very early in the morning around 7AM. She looks like your Chinese dad's older sister from looks. Not ugly, but not a face or body you look at and would consider banging. Has a bit of a belly, fortunately she is clean shaved down below. Surprisingly she has a rose tattoo starting just above the left of her breast towards the shoulder. Something she has had for a while.

Buzzed in and paid my dues for an hour session. The shower, mind you is right beside the toilet itself. No window or barrier, it won't take much for you to spray water indirectly onto the toilet. Tiled floors with no bath mat, so keep your wits about as it can be a little slippery making the short walk back to the bedroom. Inside, she has undressed and started with BBBJ with me lying down. Looking at her body doesn't really turn me on, but she made good effort on the BJ with tongue swirling action. Condom on with her on top, but that barely lasted a minute and we went for missionary. Now the fun part with her is that she comes very easily. I started with a bit of DATY and she tastes clean as I was the first customer of the day being so early. Inserted myself in and it only took a few minutes before she to orgasm. Few times she covered her mouth not trying to make too much noise as her friend was in another room who is also a WL. Finished on her tits, followed by a weak massage.

Round 2 was just a HJ, showered and on my way out. Funny enough on my way out as she was explaining to her friend over the phone. I was referred to as child/little kid when her friend asked what I looked like.

The second time round I saw her was a repeat, except we started in doggy. This is where it becomes a bad memory and goes downhill for me, great for her. Like our last session, dommed up and entered. Pumped away for quite a bit and she came several times. I thought to myself, I must be a trooper. Why? well because that pussy STANK. It was like she didn't shower before hand. I noticed this as I was fucking from behind, I rubbed her a bit from behind and gave the juices a sniff as I noticed a smell from below. Pretty bad man, I tried not to make an expression since there was a mirror in the room and we were watching ourselves. Glad I didn't start in with DATY. I blew and showered, no round 2 and left graciously.

WIR? No, not after the last experience. I may for her friend, who I've yet to see. Please note that the ad is fake pics, if you look up the number. Couple ads stating Korean instead of Chinese, likely to remove the offput by Coronavirus being Chinese related. If anyone is after a picture of her. I do have 1 real pic that she sent me. PM me if you would like to see.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 31st May 2020, 09:22 AM
Poster ID: Jivemonkee
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hi, could I get a pic of her please? Thanks


