Thread Title: Sexy Sporty Sophie - Surry Hills - Contact via locanto
Floor: #1
Post Time: 8th February 2016, 08:54 PM
Poster ID: chimera
Post Title: 
 Sexy Sporty Sophie - Surry Hills - Contact via locanto
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sophie

Establishment : Apartment

Date of Visit : Feb/1

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Contact via locanto then arrange booking http://sydney.locanto.com.au/ID_6805...ty-Sophie.html

Hours of Business : Varies

Rates : $250/30mins

Age :36

Size/shape : fit/muscular

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : GFE little bit of kink on the side.

Value for money/recommend? :Yes for 30mins.  

My experience/comments : 

Have a thing for fit muscular looking gym girls not often you see them as escorts usually if you do their pricing is extreme or they're doing fetish services.
To be honest punting had been starting to get tedious even new girls offering all same type of service to a recipe had become really boring.]

Tried Locanto for a change up pops Sexy Sporty Sophie who was quite pleasant to deal with after several less than ideal replies off other girls decided to give her a try wondering just what she would be like agreed on booking later that evening after work.

Hourly rate sounded high so took 30min option waiting for her to come get me wished I'd brought enough for hour option found her very attractive much more than Sam last physique girl that did escorts but almost bland/boring service,never got to see infamous bodybuilder Lee just heard about her being good dirty fun.

Must say first impression of Sophie was very promising better than pictures presented and unlike any previous girls seen for a long time.She was very welcoming,personality to match she almost seemed too good started expecting poor service.Nope it was actually Sophie eager to get to bedroom to make sure I got my money worth and load off  or she would feel bad in her words.

Turns out she has been a physique competitor in the past still in great shape with very sexy attitude keen to fuck which was pleasant to see woman wanting to get herself off just as much as you so yeah this was a very different punt some guys would call her a muscle chick,maybe so but girl gives a nice intimate service in a package we seldom see.

Whether kissing or sucking your cock to fucking Sexy Sophie puts in the effort in package different to what is offered by most others out there,will see her again when spare cash builds up enough for an hourly visit.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 8th February 2016, 10:45 PM
Poster ID: WOTAN01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
chimera please always post the hyperlink .


Floor: #3
Post Time: 8th February 2016, 11:28 PM
Poster ID: chimera
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks for that WOTAN010 forgot to add it in rush to type review before it crashed again.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 25th April 2016, 12:45 AM
Poster ID: chimera
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Just noticed Sexy Sophie has copy of review up on locanto ad.Suprised me to see that up there although more surprised that not seen other reviews of this chick.

Recently saw her again funds were low could only take 30min option even then Sophie went above and beyond looking hot in short dress,put in great service with intimacy made my cock rock hard from start to finish even after unloading got hard again which rarely happens.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 28th July 2016, 09:15 AM
Poster ID: uxb
Post Title: 
 Sexy Sporty Sophie. Redfern
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sophie

Establishment : Private WL

Date of Visit : Late June

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : http://sydney.locanto.com.au/ID_6805...ty-Sophie.html 
Hours of Business : Varies

Rates : I paid 100 for BJ

Age : Early 30s

Size/shape : Athletic 8 -10

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided /BBBJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : Spotted Sophie's ad on Locanto and contacted her, She was quiet quick in returning her phone details and arranged a daytime catch up for a quickie. Finding her place was pretty easy, a quiet street just near Redfern shops. 

Anyway greeted by a woman who is exactly per her pictures, quiet smart who has another life as a professional. I only booked for a BJ to test the waters and boy what a great test. Excellent technique  for me and i left more than satisfied. I was only there for about 20 mins so not much to ad. Next time i will return for a full session as she looks well worthy.

Recommended; Yes and i will be back. Sorry about the no phone number but i think she rather prefers her method of contact first.

Cheers UXB.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 28th July 2016, 09:34 AM
Poster ID: Blued
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks UXB. Nice! Locanto ad:



			
				Sexy Sporty Sophie – 36
Ad ID: 680572980

Location: Surry Hills 2010, Australia
Posted yesterday

Fit, fairly muscular, 36yr old woman with a better arse than most 20 year olds, wanting to have some sexual fun with you. 

I am an articulate, educated woman, who works in the corporate world, but also likes to provide adult entertainment to men who enjoy quality over quantity. Your time with me must be sexy, sensual and relaxed - and I'll make sure this happens.

If this is something that your looking for, please get in contact to learn more about me, and let me know a little bit about you. I look forward to meeting with you.

Clean, discreet and professional. Email for rates and availablity for escort services. 

Especially love mature/older men!


