Thread Title: Sexy Annie - Stanmore - 0423 716 555
Floor: #1
Post Time: 13th April 2017, 07:17 PM
Poster ID: bigjoe
Post Title: 
 Sexy Annie - Stanmore - 0423 716 555
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Annie

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 12/4/17

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0423716555 ..Inner west courier

Hours of Business : 10-7pm

Rates : 60 half

Age :40ish 

Size/shape : size 6 large breasts

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Massage possibly fs

Value for money/recommend? : ok

My experience/comments : Found ad in local rag 
                                        Sexy Annie at Stanmore size 6 busty,massage mature men welcome.
                                        Arranged a massage easy enough works at a private house in Stanmore .
                                        First appearance was pleasant nice face tiny petite girl with nice set of boobs paid for half hour massage which was on a bed.
                                        Showered first bathroom not the best but adequate massage was so so baby oil and rubbing up and down have had better.
                                        T T from behind prior to turn over allowed touching of her breasts which are quite nice then an ok hand job to finish.
                                        I think she may provide fs but not 100% she is quite nice looking and personality as well.
                                        May return.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 6th May 2017, 10:20 PM
Poster ID: Perthman
Post Title: 
 Annie - Stanmore
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Annie

Establishment : Independant

Date of Visit : 4 May 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Contact Number 0423716555

Hours of Business : 10 AM to 7 PM

Rates : $150 for an hour

Age : 45

Size/shape : Sz 6 , busty, 5 fit

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : FS, CBJ

Value for money/recommend? : May Be

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

I visited Annie last Thursday. Her apartment is very close to Stanmore station, very convenient. It is an old building and felt that she was sharing the premises with someone else.

Annie is a short slightly plump lady. She opened the door, and led me to the place of action which was a king sized bed.  She shed her clothes to reveal a nice and firm pair of boobs and an ok figure. i stripped myslef completedly, at this point due to strange reason, I was not quite sure what i wanted to do.

Asked her to a massage as i was very tired. She started rubbming back,while the intent was there she was lacking in experience. I turned over and she massaged me gently lickling my nipples. She has been in this business only for about 3 months and her lack of expereince showed. 
I asked her to give me blowjob - she did a reaonably good job on that .While the invitation for a fuck was definitely there, again it was one those days iwhen i quite did not feel like it.

We got talking, she was doing this to support her son in Bangkok, 6 days doing this and the 7th day working in a restaruent as a chef. I gve some addtional tip and wished her the best. One addtional point, I noticed tht she quickly changed the entire bedsheet and pillow covers after, whcich i thought was quite good.

Now, would i return, not very sure . I have been looking for a potential regular asian milf , not quite sure whether she is it.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 29th November 2018, 09:55 AM
Poster ID: Julius
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Anna

Establishment : Private at Stanmore

Date of Visit : 28 November 2018 (Wednesday).

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0423716555 ..Inner west courier

Hours of Business : Not known

Rates : $60 half hour erotic massage.

Age : 40+

Size/shape : Size 6 body, size C enhanced breasts with reasonably sized nipples , shaved pussy.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Nude RnT

Value for money/recommend? : Cheap and OK but probably will not return.

My experience/comments : Texted to arrange an early session. Her unit is about a 10 minutes walk from Stanmore station.

I arranged for a nude RnT. Initially wanted a 45 minute session but Anna more keen for a 30 minute session so agreed to this.

I am sure more than massage is available from Anna but I only wanted a nude RnT on this occasion.

I asked about her name being Anna but ad was for an Annie. She advised that Annie comes later although going by previous reviews they have a similar appearance and service.

Not really much massage but plenty of touching. No  problem with sucking those generous boobs or playing with her pussy although not keen on any fingering. I did not find Anna that sexy although not a star fish.

I had to slow her initial hand job down a bit so session did not finish too early. 

Anna gave a fairly good hand job and I had a strong cum.

After clean up I had a shower and she had a shower after me. On my exit from the shower she pointed out that  I had some lipstick on my shoulder which could have caused some complications with my misses if I had not cleaned it off. Probably not a good idea MLs of WLs using lipstick or perfume.

Overall a reasonable punt with a friendly Thai milf but I probably will not return.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 30th January 2019, 05:32 PM
Poster ID: slim99
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Annie

Establishment : Apartment in Stanmore

Date of Visit : 30 January 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0423 716 555 

Hours of Business : 10:00 til 18:00

Rates : $100/30 min full service

Age : 40'ish

Size/shape : Size 6 , C cup, shaved pussy.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Full service

Value for money/recommend? :  OK but probably will not return.

My experience/comments : Rang to arrange a visit; caught train to nearby Stanmore station. Annie offered massage $80/30min or FS, took the latter. She then asked if I wanted a double, and I could hear another person in the kitchen area, but I declined. She has quite good english, and a cheery disposition. Started with a covered BJ, then into basic missionary position. I came quickly so she then gave me a 15 minute massage but it was nothing to write home about. Nice tits and she doesn't mind having them played with or sucked, all in all an OK punt but I've ticked that box now. As previously described in above reviews above she is quite short and a little stout so may not be everyone's cup of tea.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 30th January 2019, 08:02 PM
Poster ID: Stroke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thread moved to PWL in view of frequent FS.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 26th February 2019, 08:23 PM
Poster ID: mranal
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Anna

Establishment : Private house

Date of Visit : 18th Feb 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0423716555

Phone :  0423716555

Hours of Business : By appointment

Rates : $100/ 30min

Age : 40ish

Size/shape : Size 6 C cup (implants)

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : BBBJ, Massage, Full service

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : Anna met me at the door wearing a black tight fitting dress, Directed me into the bedroom and asked how long I would like to stay. Having seen Anna at a different premises in the past, She knows I like 30min sessions. Anna offered me a shower. When I came back from the shower, I undressed her kissing her neck. I laid down on the bed and Anna began a Short BBBJ. I don't think she is keen on sucking to be honest. Nice lips, Its a shame. She got out the oil and began pulling me off for around 5mins, The bagged up and she climbed on top and rode me cow girl. I asked her to turn around and ride me so I could check out her arse at the same time. I tried putting it in her arse however she claimed it would be too sore. I got on top and thrashed her a little before I busted 1 million babies in the bag. Anna removed the bag and wiped me down and offered another shower. The bathroom is rather clean if you can look past the mould on the ceiling and upper walls. I would go back, I enjoyed myself.

There has been a lot of confusion on Anna/Annie. I can verify they are Two different ladies. Both similar age, height and shape. I have seen them both. To clarify Anna has a tat on her right leg from memory, One boob is firm, One is not. Almost like an implant had popped. Happy punting.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 4th March 2019, 09:29 PM
Poster ID: pashon8
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I find it quite amusing Google shows the mobile number use to be owned by a Real Estate agent.


Floor: #8
Post Time: 22nd April 2019, 03:40 PM
Poster ID: Baddonkey23
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Annie

Establishment : Private house

Date of Visit : March 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0423716555

Phone : 0423716555

Hours of Business : By appointment

Rates : $100/ 30min

Age : 40s ( shortish Milf) 

Size/shape : Size 6 C cup, shaved

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : CBJ, Full service

Value for money/recommend? : OK for the price

My experience/comments : 

Called and booked a session after work, was given a address across the street so had to call again for the real address. Altogether was 10mins from Stanmore station.


A MILF looking lady was standing behind the door and ushered me to come inside. The inside was section off into sections with big curtains... got directed to a curtained section with a double bed since she mentioned the bedroom was not available.

She was in bra and panties, could see her boobs were popping out, she was quite short so I could see her dark nipples when standing.

I paid for 30mins FS. She went away to put the money somewhere and I undressed.

She came back she quickly take off the bra and panties and we both jumped on the bed for some cuddling, I started suck on her tits like a baby - they are OK for her age with dark nipples. Her shave pussy was nice for her age, started to finger but she told be don't go crazy and be gentle. She was playing with by cock at the same time, soon I then asked for BJ, now I thought it was gonna be bbbj but she applied the dom and gave me ok CBJ.The suction was good, asked her to move up a bit so I can play with her tits and pussy some more. 

After a bit, I asked to fuck her, so she jump on her back and spread her legs, so started with missionary style and sucking her tits. It was nice and tight not too bad for her age.

Then moved to doggie, pound her hard and she was making all the lovely nice. Played with her tits then shoot in the dom.

asked for the shower and I was out of the door on time.

So overall, OK price for the location.


