Thread Title: Sexy Lola -  Olympic  park NSW  - Contact via Backpage Ad
Floor: #1
Post Time: 17th February 2016, 09:56 AM
Poster ID: Iwfnlwp
Post Title: 
 Sexy Lola -  Olympic  park NSW  - Contact via Backpage Ad
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lola

Establishment : private

Date of Visit : 21/22 December

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Sexy Lola Available Today from 8am - Sydney escorts - backpage.com

Hours of Business : From 8am

Rates : 300

Age : 25

Size/shape : curvy

Nationality or Ethnicity : caribbean origins

Services Provided : FS

Value for money/recommend? : yes

My experience/comments : Droped Lola an email to see if she was available, and she replied very quickly and organised a time to meet. Arrived at her apartment and was warmly welcomed in, had a shower and went into the bedroom. Lola was lying on the bed with her legs spread and I went straight down and eat her out, listening to her moan as I licked her made me really hard. She then began to blow me while fondling my balls, a top notch blowjob. We fucked cowgirl first then doggy before I blew my load. The cowgirl was amazing, her booty slapping against my thighs such a great turn on. Got cleaned up and showered and chatted for a bit. Lola is warm and friendly and a great fuck. Well recommended from me.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 17th February 2016, 11:55 AM
Poster ID: reggid
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I saw a dark girl in Olympic park last year. she was ovetweight, not attractive with fake pics on the ad so I walked. Can't imagine there are too many fitting that description working there but can't say if the same person but also correspondence email


Floor: #3
Post Time: 17th February 2016, 09:22 PM
Poster ID: jonnydang77
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
This bird looks like Serena Williams the tennis player.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 18th February 2016, 08:24 AM
Poster ID: unclepj
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
She has an arse the size of Texas. There is also Bree in Parramatta who is pretty much the same size


Floor: #5
Post Time: 18th February 2016, 09:04 PM
Poster ID: josh18
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by reggid


I saw a dark girl in Olympic park last year. she was ovetweight, not attractive with fake pics on the ad so I walked. Can't imagine there are too many fitting that description working there but can't say if the same person but also correspondence emai
"""



There are two and both are walk worthy with their prices and random photos.


