Thread Title: Shanti,  South Indian - Parramatta - 0412 073 198
Floor: #1
Post Time: 5th December 2013, 01:42 AM
Poster ID: fun4now
Post Title: 
 Shanti,  South Indian - Parramatta - 0412 073 198
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Shanti

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 29 Nov

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Cracker - 0412073198 

Hours of Business : 

Rates : $150-1/2 HR
$250-1 HR 

Age : 24

Size/shape : curvy and busty

Nationality or Ethnicity : Indian

Services Provided : DFK, CBJ, FS

Value for money/recommend? : No

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

Shanti's Cracker ad is as follows

HI GUYS, i am shanti 24yo Souh indian Beauty first time touring Sydney living in Parramatta. I will be here for the last two days till 5thDEC MY LAST DAY.............I am a beautifully feminine young girl with natural bust 36C, with soft long black hair and big sparkling brown eyes. My body is made for your pleasure , I am a sweet but sensual private escort oozing sex appeal. I am lucky to have a body that instinctively craves pleasure, giving and receiving oral stimulation is a favourite of mine.

My sexy size 8 body is young, fit, toned and my ample breasts will certainly get your attention. Although I am young, and look great on bed, I can be a very naughty lady when behind closed doors.

I will make you forget about all your troubles and enlighten your day.
With me, you will find that I am and cute and sensual companion, with a big smile and even bigger heart.

Genuine pics and they are all recently taken.
For more pics pls visit http:shanti

$150-1/2 HR
$250-1 HR 

The pictures reminded me of someone and the advertisement of DFK on her weblink was appealing to me.
I tried to organise for the night before but timing wasn't there. i called and left a message and received a text message. A few text later and i am a no go. early the next day i send a text and get a reply just before midday and am able to set up the appointment.

i get there having been thinking an hour is what I'll want but get told half hour only. but this works out as you'll see.

one of the things that had caught my attention were her pictures of large breasts (also mentioned in the ad) and narrow hips. Alas the narrow hips were not seen. Shanti is somewhat curvier in this area than the pictures. But still there is the kissing and mutual oral and she does have nice large breasts.

I'm led to the bedroom and get undressed but not offered a shower as I would normally expect. Shanti has also undressed and lies sidelong on the bed where i join her and we start kissing. We do this for a while but i don't feel connected and move to her breasts. She seems to enjoys this and is that i milky taste I'm getting? It is just a hint but i think so. 

We move to a CBJ but that doesn't last all that long before we move on. I take the opportunity to quickly dine at the Y but the usual spots i like to hit do not have their usual effect and seem a bit out of reach. I am encouraged to move the the main course in mish but it is not long before she closes her legs and gets me to have my legs around her. I think to give some tightness to her pussy.

i ended up cuming in this position and didn't even know i had. the session is now over. clean up with a tissue. it is only when i start walking towards the bedroom doorway that i get asked Oh? you want a shower? which i do have.

I dress and leave and its no more that 20 mins and possibly under 15mins from when i arrived that i'm walking out the door.

In the end i left disappointed. From the start we didn't connect and lots of little things kept it that way. I was disappointed in my performance and have thought that maybe that was a factor. This has led me to think maybe if i go back ... but i think that would end up with the same disappointment. Overall it felt a bit mechanical and that Shanti was happy to see me leaving.


