Thread Title: Shantal - Sydney (CBD) - 0416 966 790
Floor: #1
Post Time: 4th April 2010, 07:39 PM
Poster ID: toomuch
Post Title: 
 Shantal - Sydney (CBD) - 0416 966 790
				
Post Content: 
I received an interesting lesson in value last night. I doubt I'll pay that much attention it, being yet another good, logical and reasonable thing that I tend to  disregard by default. But a lesson nevertheless.


 The lesson: more expensive doesn't necessarily equal better.


 I've been immersing myself in the yellow fever recently, but the inner call for a Caucasian or something different needed to be heard.  
 I was also thinking of spending a bit more cash, as I'd had enough of cheap RnT's, Bellvue and 647 Elizabeth streets.  


 Really, I wanted a girl who, apart from looking tremendous, spoke English.  
 Not too much to ask in this day and age. And no MILF's. One old bastard in the room at a time seems reasonable to me.


 So I headed to cracker, god knows why.  
 Cracker is well, crackers.  
 I don't mind spending if I feel the value is there, but Cracker is such a lottery and I am at heart a cheap bastard who just tends to spend a lot via accumulation. Punt four or five times a week and that happens.


 Its Easter Saturday, and many WL's seem to be having the night off. Certainly the ones I've been calling are anyway. Perhaps they know me?


 Anyway, I'd spent a bit of time online, searching, searching, looking for that certain something to float my boat. Cracker just wasn't doing it for me.


 However as soon as I saw Shantals pic on Sydney Elite escorts, I was sold.  http://www.sydneyeliteescorts.com/portfolio2.php 
 Those legs and butt are to my way of thinking way too good to not roll the dice with.


 I tried to find out a bit more about Shantal, but there didn't seem to be any reviews on the sites I go too, but I did find her ad on Cracker which I had missed earlier for reasons I don't get.
http://cracker.com.au/sydney-nsw/ero...urn=1&pageno=4 


 She is also advertised on http://australian-babe.com/babes/shantal 
 Same pics, but larger.  


 Her price moved from $450 on Sydney Elite, to $400 on Cracker and $350 for the hour on Australian Babes.


 I was happy enough with the $450, so saving a $100 was a bonus. I planned to use it to get a BBBJ should I need too.


 I called and she answered. A good start. I'd left at least 5 messages with other WL's during my search.


 Shantal has a very sweet sounding voice, and wished me a happy Easter. I liked her immediately. She sounded bright, and not too up herself.  


 Her apartment is in the CBD, and organisation was easy.


 Shantal opened the door, and the pics are her. Always a good start. They are good pics, but they are her. We talked for a few minutes making our way to the kitchen to get a glass of wine.  


 There was only enough for one glass, and Shantel facilitated me suggesting that I head to the bar downstairs and grab a bottle. Surprisingly easy fortunately but it was still a good ten minutes till I was back in the room.


 We chatted for a bit.  
 Shantal is Jamaican, 25, very pleasant and pretty darn cute. Great body. Really good arse. Sensational blowjob lips.


 Needing to get things moving as I feared we may end up talking all session I made my patented smooth, post cash paid, debonair, experienced punter move. “Time to see you get nude then”.  
 I am somewhat Neanderthal.


 Onto the bed, gorgeous body exposed and Shantal disappointingly refused to do BBBJ, even with the offer of extra cash. This is fine as that is her prerogative.  
 The problem however is that my regular haunts and girls all provide BBBJ as a matter of course. I don't really rise to the occasion otherwise. Ok, I am spoilt.


 Strangely the other thing throwing me, is that Shantal is attempting to blow me with a banana flavoured condom.  
 Virtually every Asian girl I've been with comments on my “big banana”. I assume this is said to most punters, but only caused me to crack up internally and completely lose the point of the punt.  
 Wrong on so many levels. Jamaican girl, big bananas, and a soft cock.  
 And I kept thinking of the other girls I could be seeing.


 Shantel tried really hard, used a vibe on herself and really did her best. I loved her ass and body, but it just wasn't doing it for me. I'd moved on.


 Her alarm went off exactly an hour after I first entered the apartment, which seemed a trifle harsh given I had left to buy wine. To her credit Shantal kept going, then suggested I extend, and that for just $450 for the next hour, I could have my BBBJ.  
 Which was fine, but annoyed me, as I had been happy to give her the extra money initially for the BBBJ but was told it was definitely off the menu. Uncovered from the beginning and this story could have had a very different ending. I would have extended then.  
 It seemed to me, that Shantal simply misjudged me. She assumed I'd stay for a number of hours whatever the cost.  
 I hadn't.


 So we finished, me leaving to get dressed, as she continued playing with herself on the bed, trying to tempt me to extend.


 The punt has cost me just on $400 for the hour, excluding parking.  
 I reached my car and called 647 Elizabeth St and made a booking to see Dona. Fifteen minutes later, Dona walks into the room in bunny ears, white leotard and looking magnificent.  
 Two hours and $300 later I left Redfern as happy as a man could be. Sure, Dona and I struggle with spoken language, but the physical we have down pat.


 I may see Shantal again, she is attractive, and has a great body, and the BJ I received, even covered was good and enthusiastic and I suspect she would be a sensational fuck.  


 I think given time and a few meetings Shantal would be fantastic. It's just a question of value. One hour with Shantal, three with Dona or just under four with my favourite RnT girl.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 5th April 2010, 12:13 AM
Poster ID: andrewblake
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
hey opensesame..

thanks for the review and toftt.. any phone number for her so that others may decide for themselves?

great to see you back here and posting!

ab


Floor: #3
Post Time: 5th April 2010, 07:21 AM
Poster ID: toomuch
Post Title: 
 Shantal ph 0416 966 790
				
Post Content: 
Re-read my review and I've possibly been too harsh on Shantal. She is cute, great body and may really work for some.

Also wanted to add in Shantal's contact details:
Mobile: 0416 966 790
Email:   sexyzonebj69@gmail.com

Cheers,

toomuch / opensesame


Floor: #4
Post Time: 8th April 2010, 08:58 AM
Poster ID: Houses
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
It sounds to me that she needed to feel comfortable before she would BBBJ and that you won her over in the first hour.
It sounds to me that it would get better with time and connection.


