Thread Title: SHEENA REY - USA Porn Star on Aussie tour - 0416 152 562
Floor: #1
Post Time: 14th September 2013, 12:27 AM
Poster ID: Misfit44
Post Title: 
 SHEENA REY - USA Porn Star on Aussie tour - 0416 152 562
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sheena Rey (and Milani Mitchell)

Establishment : Currently on Aussie tour but profile and pictures on Find Escorts in your Area ｜Escorts for Hirex|xPrivate Girls

Private Girls, Sheena Rey

Date of Visit : 9 September 2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: 0416 152 562
                                    Email: SheenaRey@gmail.com

Hours of Business : by appointment

Rates : 1.5hrs/$1,000.00 for Platinum Porn Star Experience

Age : 25

Size/shape : 5’4”, size 8, enhanced 34DD, 40” booty ass

Nationality or Ethnicity : Afro American

Services Provided : FS, BBBJ, Anal, COB, COF, DFK, PSE everything goes on the platinum service

Value for money/recommend? : Yes (if you got money to spare)

My experience/comments : 

When I saw the advert for Sheena Rey I just had to see her so I can say I fucked a real porn star. 
It would be one experience better than any of my friends.

I emailed her and she quickly gave me an appointment for Sunday night. 
On the night before our appointment she was teasing me about whether I could handle 2 Hot black women for a threesome. 
“Who is the other one??” I asked. Her GF, Melani Mitchell is also doing a tour from USA and happened to be in Sydney the same week. 

You can check out Milani Mitchell personal details and pictures on privategirls.com. 
She is 23yrs old, 176cm tall, size 6, Huge enhanced 38F boobs, coffee coloured smooth skin, shaved pussy.  
Those boobs are huge nice soft warm cushions.

I never tried a double chocolate in my life so thought I would give it a try. 
I just wanted to test my capacity to perform on 2 willing black girls.  

$2,000 for 2hrs for both girls. 

Sheena arrives at my house 30mins earlier than Milani. 
Wow!! Her pictures on her website are 100% real. 
She really has a cute face and look hot in a skin tight pink dress that highlighted her body curves especially her ass. We had to gently peel it off her body.

What a big booty ass. It stuck out obscenely and would convert any non anal person over to the “back door entry” club!

Nice strong smooth arms and big thighs. Strong mama!

I knew anal was on the cards and that was a nice big ass to pump. 
We talked for a few minutes while I groped, explored and touched all her body.
I gave her a drink and while she drinking I spread her legs wide and started DATY. 
If you never tried DATY on a bigger woman you must try. 
All the meat and muscle just wraps around your face and lips for a tighter fit. 
Her big thighs wrapped my head and there was no doubt she was strong enough to lock me there.

Her pussy was shaved but had some hair with gave extra friction when it counted. 
Nice! I always say eating a hairless pussy is like eating your egg with no salt. 
She drank her vodka and I drank her pussy juices. 
My only disappointment is that she didn’t allow fingers inside her pussy.
I would have got more of her pussy juices if I was allowed to finger fuck her.

Ding Dong! Milani arrives and I go to let her in.
WoW! Pretty and better looking than her pictures on private girls. 
Unlike Sheena she was wearing casual top and jeans. No way either of these two girls can walk streets without turning heads. 

Milani comes to living room and sees Sheena fully naked who says, “You are late honey!”  
Milani apologizes and promises to make it up to me in bed. 

I hand her 2 vodka and we go upstairs to the main bedroom. 
Milani takes off her clothes and I look at her huge boobs. 
They are enhanced but does not look or feel like some of the bad jobs around. 
She loves her boobs to be sucked and she kept dropping them on my face from the top…. They are heavy!

I DATY on Sheena while Milani BBBJ me and plays with my balls. 
I fuck Sheena while sucking Milani’s boobs. 
I lay down Sheena sits on my dick and Milani rides my tongue.

We change over and change condoms many times… 
I fuck Milani while Sheena plays with her pussy. What a sight!
 Surprisingly Milani is quite flexible for a big girl. 
I had her legs bent over to her head and was pounding away looking at Sheena play with herself. 
Pounding Sheena with her ass was like riding a luxury Mercedes S-class car. Pure pleasure and comfort from the meaty ass. 
I have always loved grinding on the skinny girls but girls with bigger asses are more comfortable in any sexual position.

We switch again and go doggie with Sheena. 
Milani is encouraging me and then she feeds my cock into Sheena’s ass. I slide it in and gently thrusting in and out. 

That was an hour gone and Milani suggests I take a shower to freshen up. 
I never thought a simple shower could recharge you but it did and I return to the bed and continue to fuck Milani for the 3rd (??) time.  
This time I was on my back and Milani riding on top and her boobs banging into my face. 

I lost count of the changeovers. The condoms were all over the floor.

If I had to choose only one girl I think I would pick Milani. 
Milani was more my usual type with less ass, taller and slimmer. 
Milani is very strong and muscular in arms and legs like an athlete. 
Sheena is soft sexy voluptuous with a big booty ass. 
Sheena and Milani are both built for heavy pounding and it just depends on how you like your ride.

When we finished I was proud to say both girls said my performance was very good. 
I had the stamina and control like real porn stars and I should do a movie with Sheena. LOL!

Was it worth the $2,000?? Definitely YES!!

For me it was an unforgettable experience fucking a real USA black porn star and her GF at the same time. 

How many guys can say that??
						



 Attached Images


Floor: #2
Post Time: 14th September 2013, 12:30 AM
Poster ID: Misfit44
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Picture of Milani Mitchell.

She looks better and is more natural in the flesh than the pictures on her profile.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 14th September 2013, 09:37 AM
Poster ID: jackstar
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Are you for real misfit or are we being had here?


Floor: #4
Post Time: 14th September 2013, 11:16 PM
Poster ID: Misfit44
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hey you guys just do a session with either Sheena or Milani and ask them about one Monday night when they did a threesome with me.

Exactly why I did it. 
No one believes me but I have photo with Sheena Rey.


NO MONEY NO HONEY!


Floor: #5
Post Time: 15th September 2013, 12:42 AM
Poster ID: hushabomb15
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
@jackstar. If he was having us on do ya think he'd tell you? Of course not. Take it for what it's worth. A well written review of a lady whom I don't have the dosh to pay for. 

@Misfit. Nice work.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 15th September 2013, 05:35 PM
Poster ID: jackstar
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Ok then, your a machine!


Floor: #7
Post Time: 16th September 2013, 03:47 PM
Poster ID: Misfit44
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
When you got hot girls who are crazy to have sex with you that fuels your wild desires and adrenaline.

It was great fucking both of them especially when they worked as a team.


Floor: #8
Post Time: 16th September 2013, 05:13 PM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Sheena's ad from her PG page,

"Sheena Rey - Private Escort

State: All
City: All
Area: CBDs
Tours: Yes
Age: 25
Height: 5'4
Body Size: 6
Stats: 34 DDD
Hair: Brunette
Eyes: Brown
Email: SheenaRey@gmail.com - please put the subject as 'Hi, I saw you on the Privategirls Website'
Phone: 0416 152 562
Sheena Rey Private Independant Escort working girl Australia

Information for your State:

SYDNEY: Here until 15th September

CANBERRA: 16th - 18th September

ADELAIDE: 19th - 21st September

PERTH: 22nd - 24th September

MELBOURNE: 25th - 30th September

PERTH:

About Me

My name is Sheena Rey, I'm visiting from Las Vegas USA, I'm a former Porn Star turned Private Companion, this is my second time touring Australia. I cater to gentlemen who desire a true and complete girl friend experience.

I seek respectful, upscale gentlemen who appreciates the art of sensual and erotic companionship. I strive for you to have a relaxing and fun filled time. You deserve the best so why not spoil yourself to a charming beautiful young lady such as myself. Allow me to help you relax and unwind. I am a giver by nature and would absolutely love to give you complete satisfaction and attention while being your temporary girlfriend. Never rushed or mechanical, I am defiantly here to treat you like a king.

I'm a rare beauty who is in her very early 20's. My maturity and sex appeal at such a young age will have you highly addicted. I stand 5'4, 125 lbs., amazing lips, smooth flawless skin with no blemishes or scars. I posses an amazing curvy 34DD-26-40 figure for you to explore on a tight and toned body.

Along with my beautiful exterior attributes; I have the most down to earth and fun loving personality. I'm also very playful, love to laugh and smile. My genuine sweet personality will put you at ease from the moment we meet.

You'll love my sexy American accent, my 34DDD bust, and of course, my infamous 40"/101cm booty. I have nominated for American Adult Video Awards such as "Best Orgy Scene", and "Best New Ebony Adult Film Starlet"!

I am pleased to say that I am now available to make fantasies come true.

Movie Titles:

· Black Moon Risin 9
· Azz and Mo Azz Orgy 3
· Big Black Creamy Tits 4
· Black Feet on Booty Street 6
· Office Confessionals 9

SWA 8609XE

***Images Verified - Web Owner***

Sheena Ray Private Independant Escort working girl Australia

Price List
GOLD BASIC FULL SERVICE PACKAGE:
1 Hour Sweet Introduction $500
1.5 Hours Perfect Play Date $700
2 Hours Special VIP Affair $900

Basic full service with your American Ebony Goddess, includes mutual oral, CBJ, great sex and sweet kisses, multiple sex positions , multiple releases. I can be sensual or naughty! I'll be sure to take my time and make you feel royal.
Diamond GFE Package:
1 Hour Sweet Introduction $600
1.5 Hours Perfect Play Date $800
2 Hours Special VIP Affair $1000

Feel like a king with my GFE package includes sex, natural oral/bbbj, Passionate on my soft lips, mutual oral while I cum on your face, and many releases.
PLATINUM PORN STAR EXPERIENCE:
1 Hour Sweet Introduction $800
1.5 Hours Perfect Play Date $1000
2 Hours Special VIP Affair $1200

PSE with a real former Porn Star. Let's have naughty fun together and watch my porn movies at the same time. PSE Package includes, anal in my massive round ass, deep french kissing, natural oral/bbbj, mutual oral, multiple rounds, cum on body, pearl necklace, dirty talk, strap on play, and hardcore sex with me.
Extended Engagments:

**All Extended Engagment packages come with basic full service with multiple rounds/MSOG. For GFE please add $150, for PSE please add $300 onto rates**
$1100 3 Hour Cocktail date.

$1300 4 Hour Dinner Date (Please add an additional $200 if you would like to stay in) Let's dine in or go out to eat at one of our favorite restaurants, I will be your dessert.

$1700 6 Hours. A nice show followed by dinner, how about we attend your favorite strip club? Let me know what works for you.

$2300 Overnight. A fun slumber party, let's have an all night sex marathon.

$3200 24 HRS/Full Day, $1700 each additional day. let's pamper ourselves at the spa, wine and dine each other followed by a little shopping spree for me.

Sheena Ray Private Independant Escort working girl Australia

Services Available
Please contact me for services available.

Sheena Ray Private Independant Escort working girl Australia

When can we play?
I am available 24/7 , however advance bookings are preferred.

*Pre booking is highly recommended.
*Same day appointments are available. A minimum of a two hour notice is highly appreciated.

Visit my website: Sheena Rey - Gorgeous Las Vegas Escort Model and VIP Companion - Top Escort

Mobile Number: 0416 152 562 or email SheenaRey@gmail.com - please put the subject as 'Hi, I saw you on the Privategirls Website'


Floor: #9
Post Time: 21st September 2013, 02:32 PM
Poster ID: myster619
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Can't afford her, can't perform to her standards anyway.


Floor: #10
Post Time: 26th November 2013, 12:23 PM
Poster ID: hazza thomas
Post Title: 
 Sheena Rey - Melbourne - 0416 152 562
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : sheena rey

Establishment : private girl

Date of Visit : 17/10/13

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0416 152 562 and as per private girls

Hours of Business : business hours

Rates : 700 (inc extras)

Age : mid 20's

Size/shape : big booty sz 8 top, 10 bottom

Nationality or Ethnicity : black

Services Provided : all, inc anal and u/c bj

Value for money/recommend? : good experience

My experience/comments : well, after seeing her ad on locanto and private girls including pics of her from her adult movie career i just had to pay her a visit. After some texts we met up at her motel room in the city where her ass just looked divine, perfect like the real peach ones some of those girls in the big booty porn movies have, tyhe ones just aching for a cock to pound them. She provided a pretty generous u/c hj followed by some mish and on for the big show, the anal in doggy which i had paid extra for. and wow! how hot did her ass look as my cock slid in!

A solid few minutes of pounding and she complained it was beginning to hurt so off came the dom and a massive load was splattered all over her fine tits!

All in all its pretty good to fuck a porn star in the ass! recommend.


