Thread Title: Sheree Marie - 0400 507 431
Floor: #1
Post Time: 1st December 2019, 11:45 AM
Poster ID: forgnr
Post Title: 
 Sheree Marie - 0400 507 431
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sheree Marie

Establishment : Independent

Date of Visit : Nov 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink  Sheree Marie | Sydney Escort - Escorts and Babes

Phone : 0400 507 431

Hours of Business : Varies, contact her for details

Rates : 30 min - $250, 1 hour - $400

Age : 30

Size/shape : Curvaceous

Nationality or Ethnicity : English with Canadian background

Services Provided : FS, BBBJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes, but YMMV

I did not find any information about her here, therefore starting new thread. 
I found her profile on EB, and googled more info, including her twitter (mentioned on EB). Texted her in the morning and we agreed to meet during lunchtime in CBD. Opted for 1 hour with BBBJ (included into price). She went down to meet me in the lobby. After sorting out finances, starting with a kiss and then we went to shower together, washing each other and cuddling. She was trying to give me BBBJ in shower as I asked, but did not feel much of the excitement.
Went to bed and started moving between BBBJ and DATY, she guided me how to give her pleasure as she is likes when her pussy is licked with fingers action inside. For me, her BBBJ is average, not much sucking, but she was trying to put entirely my average size fellow into her throat and gag couple of times. Her action was good and attentive, but not much enthusiastic until I told her so, Then she started to do it more actively. She domed me and we move to mish and I after short while I blew the load. 
Overall, it was good session as I did not realise how quickly time went. Also, she has nice full figure with nice curves in right places. One thing is her tits (nipples) look straight down, which is not obvious from photos, otherwise photos are accurate and in my opinion she is attractive and has easy going personality. 
What I did not like, that she is not shaven down there and that could have an effect. Her pussy does not have any smell, but pubic hair might have. It was a bit of turn down. 
Also, I think she expect client to guide her or at least give some instruction before or during the session, which I failed to do. I prefer to "go with flow", but it was a wrong choice here.


