Thread Title: Shonda, Taraji, Tamika - Olympic Park
Floor: #1
Post Time: 5th August 2015, 08:45 PM
Poster ID: josh18
Post Title: 
 Shonda, Taraji, Tamika - Olympic Park
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Shonda, Taraji, Tamika (I think)

Establishment : Private apartment or hotel @ Olympic Park

Date of Visit : June

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Shonda $300 1hour only - Sydney escorts - cracker.com.au

Hours of Business : Random days

Rates : Varies from 200 for 30 to 300 for 30. Sometimes 300 for an hour

Age : Mid 20s

Size/shape : Large-ish. Quite short. Big jugs.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Dark, not sure. States african on her cracker ads sometimes but I think Maori is more likely.

Services Provided : FS, BJ, GFE (apparently)

Value for money/recommend? : No. Overpriced for what is on offer.

My experience/comments : 

Found her through cracker and she was local to a client I was visiting so decided to give her a go. Her pictures looked ok on cracker and while one (at the time) was found on google images the other two were not and looked rather hot.

Booking was easy, however her NZ accent should have tipped me off. While I concede that NZ could be confused with SA I don't think this was the case. While booking was easy this is where the good experience ended. She was late, probably because she was waiting for her room mate to leave. "She doesn't know what I do" - don't care. Walking in the door I am greeted with someone who does not resemble their photos at all. The pictures were of her but taken in such a way to disguise her weight and lack of height. While she was larger she is young enough to not be saggy or have stretch marks yet, which was good. Her ass was quite shapely and she rubbed it against my crotch as we got undressed. 

A bit of fairly enthusiastic bj which had some fairly awesome suction led into missionary. Problem was her thighs were too large - I am partial to girl on top but no way it was happening here. She was well groomed down below but when I went to go down on her was greeted by more aroma that I am used to from working girls. While not over the top it was enough to stop me from giving her any tongue. Sex was fairly vanilla and her shower facilities were clean.

Last word : Overpriced for her looks and her skills. I would consider her when I am in the area if she was more in line with ~200 hour. She deletes her ad when she is not working.

If you like african or dark girls I would steer clear, she is not what she says she is. She lists under many aliases on cracker and uses many fake pictures, usually interspersed with a real rack and ass shot. She also has a video at times which I think is real.


