Thread Title: Sienna Devonshire - Lower North Shore - 0420 544 979
Floor: #1
Post Time: 6th June 2010, 01:00 PM
Poster ID: 8inchwombat
Post Title: 
 Sienna Devonshire - Lower North Shore - 0420 544 979
				
Post Content: 
From the following link:

http://www.siennaelitecourtesan.com/

If you are looking for a elegant refined and classy young lady for companionship or your ultimate Girlfriend Experience you have found her. 

I will provide you with your ultimate girlfriend experience, a business or travel companion, or fulfil your every sensual desire. 

I am a 21yr, Australian, blonde, blue eyed, size 10, C-cup breasts, with curves in only the right places. I am well educated, intelligent, and can hold a conversation. 

Available to visit you at your luxurious CBD hotel, place or residence, or I also provide incalls at my upmarket private appartment on the Lower North Shore of Sydney. 

Quality companionship and complete discretion assured. 

For gentlemen who would like to spend quality time, with a young lady with sex appeal and who is skilful as a courtesan in the art of seduction. 

From one hour to an entire weekend, if you are looking for an upmarket escort experience, with an independent, sophisticated and sensual lady who can cater to your every desire, you have found her. 

As a high class courtesan I cater for select gentlemen who will treat me like a lady, in return I will be at your side for a function, dinner, evening out, or in, or cater to your every sensual fantasy.

Incall Rates: (Before 10pm)
1/2hr $200  1hr $300  2hrs $560  3hrs $700

Outcall Rates: 
1hr $400  2hrs $680  3hrs $800

Outcall Specials: Evening (6 - 10pm inc dinner) - $900 Overnight (12hrs inc extras) - $2000

Extras at my discretion: Kissing $50ex Natural French $100ex Fantasies and roleplay on discussion. 
Other times available on request 

Services Available: Affectionate Kissing, Cuddling and Touching , Girlfriend Experience, Travel Companion, Mutual French, Light Bondage, 2 girls / 1 guy, 2 guys / 1 girl, Shower for Two, Oral, Passion Kissing, Sexy Lingerie, Variety of Positions, Full body massage (firm and/or sensual), Costumes and Role Play, Fetishes, Couples, foot fetishes


So, now for the review.

I had a 1 night trip through Sydney last month with a couple of weeks notice. For those watching the Amanda Heavens (AH) thread you will know what I was thinking and that I intended to make the most of the night. I did my research and instead of following my gut and going to AH, I went with the visual that was Sienna's amazing photos on her web site (and many many others).

CONTACT - The contact stage was very smooth up to a point. I completed the query box on Sienna's web site and she got back to me pretty quickly. It was difficult to get her on the phone to confirm details. Sienna was very quick to SMS responses though.

BOOKING - I went for the $900 package - 4 hours with dinner. Confirmed my desire with Sienna to meet at my hotel, head up to the room, have a nice encounter, out to dinner and then back to the room for a 2nd round (I am older and a break always helps). Also went for BBBJ and left the possibility of ANAL open after we had met. Excluding the ANAL the fee was $1050.

EVENT - Well, although Sienna kept me informed via SMS that she was running late, it did irk me a lot she was over 30 minuts late arriving at my hotel. However, I was pleased with the package. Upstairs we went, she checked in with her security, then on to the fun. We started with a lot of DFK standing while still dressed. Slowly progressed through to nibbling, more kissing and slowly undressing. She was quite hesitant through this. Nice body, but not as clean of blemishes and tight as those in the pictures. Sienna's body was very responsive, even if she was quite flat. I had to press her to do the BBBJ and it was quite a let down. Kissing was OK and she ended up getting very wet. DATY was fine although I felt she was just not letting go and giving in ot an orgasm. she certainly seemed to like it hard on her clit. On with the dom and her on top and that was pretty good. I am a bit above average in length and she was tight enough. I am also a very large build so the best position was with her on her back, legs up in the air or bent back a little and me pressing in deep and firm with a good grind now and then. She actually seemed to be getting off on this (she said I was deep) and said she came and dropped a comment under her breath "oh wow, I normally don't come on the job". Off to the shower, she stayed outside the cubicle and we showered separately even though I had requested of her prior that we would shower together.

DINNER - non-committal about most food types, mostly whatever you want. Anyway, an Ok feed, conversation a bit strained and back tot he room.

ROUND 2 - Well she stripped off and so did I. All going just OK, but she really was not into round 2 and by this time it was 10:30/11pm and seemed really tired. Had to press her for BBBJ, didn't get much out of DATY and mostly just lay there. I decided I ahd enough of this and I was going to enjoy myself. There was no chance of ANAL and I didn't want to hand over any more cash. Got her on all fours at the end of the bed and really gave it to her - again very deep and nice and hard. Sienna was grunting hard. That was pretty good actually.

So, after that a quick clean up, check with her driver and good bye downstairs.

ANNOYING - the really annoying parts were her hesistancy to get on with it, her constantly asking if I was OK in a little voice - 'you ok?" - and throughout dinner her regular talking up of her background, wealth made, wealth lost, etc. Possibly just trying too hard and needs to relax and do more small talk and most importantly build her own confidence.

OVERALL - Disappointing. I would say a very lacklustre effort and possibly due to being quite inexperienced. She has cured me of the younger ones for at least the time being - unless of course my eyes spy something really tasty again. I'd say Sienna could be good, not great, but needs to be more confident and sometimes drive the event to an outcome.

RATING - BBBJ 4, DATY 4, DFK 6, SEX 5, Overall 4

Of course, all of the above is my experience and I may have been hoping for too much and done too much research, but, it could have been great, but it wasn't. Would I see her again, no.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 6th June 2010, 08:24 PM
Poster ID: andrewblake
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
nice review 8inchwombat..

very comprehensive and as you mention ymmv and i guess we all are looking for the magic "click" or connection when visiting a pwl..

ab


