Thread Title: Skye - Parramatta - 0434 674 328
Floor: #1
Post Time: 16th February 2019, 08:33 AM
Poster ID: BuddyBaker
Post Title: 
 Skye - Parramatta - 0434 674 328
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Skye  

Establishment : Independent

Date of Visit :  12 Feb 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : both escortsandbabes.com.au and angelbabes.com.au  search by name for "Skye1".    Note that when she is in Sydney she is only ever in Parramatta.  These two websites seem to list different Sydney suburbs I think based on your search criteria.


Phone : 0434674328

Hours of Business : says 24 hours but she isn't keen on mornings!  (Note that she lives in Qld and travels for work 10 days at a time, so if she is not currently working her ad won't appear on those two websites)


Rates : GFE 150/30, 300/60   PSE are 300/30 and 450/60  Blow and go 120/15  some extras

Age : 36

Size/shape : Average.  There are 18 photos of her on the two websites and they are most definitely her.

Nationality or Ethnicity : South African

Services Provided : Pretty much everything that is legal I'd sayIt's all in the very detailed ad

Value for money/recommend? : OMG yesIn fact this was my second visit to her, and I will be a regular.

My experience/comments:  Booking her is so easy, she replies herself to text.   I saw here twice and both times contacted her late afternoon and got evening booking.
She is so friendly and easy to talk with.   Even though I booked her only for 30 minutes each time, I'm sure we chatted before and after our session for at least that long.  As long as she is free afterwards she is happy to have a conversation.
I booked her simply for a 30 minute session and asked for CIM extra.   Note that she swallowed every last drop without hesitation!
She seems to get a lot of genuine pleasure and the first time we met I fingered her and she squirted all over the bed.  That was a first for me!
She loves oral and took me in very deeply.  If my little fella was any bigger she certainly seemed to be trying to gag on it voluntarily.  
She loves kissing, including tongue and DFK without limitations.
A very attractive lady, easy to book, she genuinely seems to love what she does (Read her ad for her description of a 37 man gangbang.  She told me that was organized for her pleasure and wasn't business!)


Floor: #2
Post Time: 2nd July 2019, 09:15 PM
Poster ID: parramatt
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Skye 

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : April

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :got her number from locanto and also find out when she is in town as it gives you last update timestamp


Phone : 0434674328

Hours of Business : not sure I saw her late afternoon, as BuddyBaker said she is flyinflyout


Rates : I paid 150 for 30min but it has gone up from recent ads

Age : 36 - accurate

Size/shape : yep Average. There are 18 photos of her on the two websites and they are most definitely her - would She is more attractive in person

Nationality or Ethnicity : South African

Services Provided : Full service, bbbj and squirt

Value for money/recommend? : definetly

My experience/comments: Booking was hard, it took me ages to get her to pick up the phone (continuous msgbank) or respond to msgs as im pretty sure she is popular and is not here all of the time, so lining this up with my schedule as well took a several months.  Anyway once she does repond its very reliable.  Hooked up a time in Parramatta area and able to see her on the same day which was cool.  Upon arriving at her apartment which had music playing was offered a shower and taken into the backroom.  She is attractive and really gets into the session from the get go.  Sensual kissing and asked me to finger her as she got to work on my by now hard cock, as I was playing with her noticed she had a butt plug in shich was super hot.  We both played with each other for a few minutes before she turned 69 and put her pussy on my face (nice tasting vag) and started to suck my dick.  
She is a real go'er and before too long was jumping up from me as she looked genuinly getting off and got back in cowgirl on my chest asking me to continue playing with her now really wet pussy which then started to squirt - really hot.  She cleaned me up and put a dom on and asked me to fuck her doggie which I didnt last very long seeing the site of her ass and the feel of her wet wet pussy.
Have to say that its hard to get the stars to align with my busy schedule but definetly a top root even for the increased cost I would highly recommend.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 5th July 2019, 09:34 AM
Poster ID: Roj
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks for the reviews, gents! DFK, fingering, DATY, squirting... Sounds like my kinda gal! Is she a black or white South African?


Floor: #4
Post Time: 5th July 2019, 04:14 PM
Poster ID: parramatt
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Roj, She is caucasian with what I'd say mediterranean maybe arabic heritage - ad says south african.  She is very attractive in a milf kind of way.


