Thread Title: Sofia , Russian - Sydney CBD - 0434 482 659
Floor: #1
Post Time: 18th July 2014, 08:21 PM
Poster ID: Oldsteel
Post Title: 
 Sofia , Russian - Sydney CBD - 0434 482 659
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name :Sofia

Establishment : Private apartment

Date of Visit : 18/7/14

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : *** Russian Sofia Natural Oral included *** - australia escorts - backpage.com

Hours of Business : 10 Am-11 Pm

Rates : $400 per hour

Age : 25 in Ad Maybe late 20 very earlir 30's IMHO

Size/shape : That is her in the Pictures. Tallish slim girl, nice ass, Fake boobs, D cup? Quite pretty, Very Nice eyes

Nationality or Ethnicity : Russian 

Services Provided : GFE, BBBJ, FS, DATY, CIM +$50

Value for money/recommend? : UMM??

Comments
My favourite WL has been unavailble for the last  couple of weeks and I'm trying to fill that void. So I start browsing the old Backpages to see whats out there. I find that I have a slightly higher % chance of the claimed 'real pictures' being more accurate than Cracker, both a full of BS and that's where the punt comes into punting. 

Rusian Sofia grabs my eye, reminds me a little of pornstar Envy Best,  so I fire off an SMS to check availablity, see can see me lat this afternoon so all good. I can't remember being with a Russian so 
i am looking forward to it. 

The time arrives , I given the room number and details, up to the apartment and yes it is her that greets me at the door.  Into the room exchange cash then into the shower. She is waiting naked on the bed when I return from shower and asks do I want I massage. Ok, why not let her and me get comfortable and ease into it. The massage was pretty ordinary and we chatted a little as she was rubbinhg my back with oil. Getting bored I rolled over and she asks in her Russian accent, do i want blow job now? Yes I did, but i was hoping for a little bit of GFE, DFK intimate touching, something...

Ok I will have a blow job, thankyou. 'Do you want with Condom or without Condom, you know it is very dangerous without' she tells me. I thought the AD I responded to said Natural Oral included and it did. Without will be fine for me I assure her and she starts sucking my still limp dick. My mind is wandering and I start thinking about where can i find what I'm truely looking for when slowly I start returning to the moment. Sofia is actually giving me a quite satisfying BBBJ. Slow and gentle, her firm lips locked around my shaft with plenty and tongue action around the head and continues for 15 or so mins.

I decide to see if i can build upon this and lay her back on the bed start caressing and licking her responsive nipples and go in for for an attempted kiss, which was not encouraged. 'Do you want fuck now, I put condom on and we fuck now' she instructed me. Yes boss. I comply. 'you ontop' another instruction and nothing but compliance from me. After mish for I will a move her to the side of the bed so that I can stand and pump whist looking at her nice body. I fucked as hard as I could for as long as I could and she seemed to enjoy it. A soon as I came she tells me to have a shower before we do anything else. It was in the shower I thought fuck this, I'm not doing anything else with you and having another shower in 20 mins time so I stepped out of the shower into my clothes and out of her life.

In summary, we just did not click and this is why I am UMMM with value for money. For me not but I saw some glimmers of hope that she would perform for the right guy.
So go ahead, take a PUNT and see if it works for you.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 20th July 2014, 06:32 PM
Poster ID: JIRAN
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
when she asked you to have another shower during the session ... maybe you didnt wash your bum crack the 1st time? there would have been a reason for the request for another shower


Floor: #3
Post Time: 20th July 2014, 06:37 PM
Poster ID: milkyjoe
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Did you cum in her mouth?


Floor: #4
Post Time: 20th July 2014, 07:27 PM
Poster ID: ozreview1970
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Her pictures look a lot like anastasia steele on private girls.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 20th July 2014, 09:43 PM
Poster ID: Oldsteel
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by JIRAN


when she asked you to have another shower during the session ... maybe you didnt wash your bum crack the 1st time? there would have been a reason for the request for another showe
"""



My bum crack was as clean as a whistle. She wanted me to have a shower after I got the first shot away. Didn't want to help remove the condom/clean me up. In fact the way she was going you would assume she is alergic to cum so I don't know how she would handle a Cim ( as advertised)


