Thread Title: Sofie Grace - Sydney CBD - 0473 427 359
Floor: #1
Post Time: 22nd August 2015, 03:34 PM
Poster ID: jasng90
Post Title: 
 Sofie Grace - Sydney CBD - 0473 427 359
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sofie Grace

Establishment : Private (hotel)

Date of Visit : Thursday 11pm, 13th August, 2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : http://sydney.locanto.com.au/ID_5415...ydney-CBD.html

Hours of Business : 24/7

Rates : $350 inclding all extras (except anal)

Age : 19 (legit)

Size/shape : 16

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : BBBJ, CIM, Swallow, Deep throat, Protected Sex

Value for money/recommend? : yes

My experience/comments : I found this working lady on locanto, Upon looking at her advertisement, she offered BBBJ with swallow which i'am tempted to try ive you're looking for an awesome blowjob experience from a young working lady. Contacted her by text, and she got back to me quite quickly. Asked her how much was Full service including the swallow as extra. She offered $350 for everything. I was sold. She then texted me the address. 

I made my way down to Wynyard, where she told me was located at a hotel. I made my way up through the elevator and into the door number she gave me. Upon opening the door, she was dress in a white dress. She was good enough looking for me not to run away. Anyways gave the money and was asked to take a shower. This took about 5 minutes and I was out. By the time I got out and into the bedroom, she was already lying on the bed naked. I lay down beside her and introduced myself. She was shy and barely talked much. Anyway after few awkward silences, she went down on me quickly and swallowed me whole, and gave me this strong pulsating suction action which she did to tease the cum out of me the entire time.

Oh sweet, It was so good coming from a barely legal young girl who happens to be a cock sucking pro. So good, i was starting to leak pre-cum early on. She told me 'you really want to cum bad dont you' and just smiled. Kept me on edge for about 20 minutes and I just had to let go. Told her I was about to cum, she nodded and ramped up the suction strength, and sucking only on the head of the cock. Now very likely inexperience punters would have came in 5 minutes or in an instant. You could tell she had that drive and was confident and didnt care about how you tasted. When I climaxed, she kept sucking and gave me this twisting handjob at the same time. after that she showed me that all of my cum was gone done her throat. I was well spent. didnt get the opportunity to have sex with her because it was that good.

Showered again, had a chat about personal life and left. IMHO your milage may vary, I had a bloody good time.If you an oral connoisseur and dont mind BBW then this working lady is for you. Very nice lady, guys treat her nice and she'll give you a really nice and enduring BBBJ in return.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 18th October 2015, 03:07 PM
Poster ID: sagacious
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sofie Grace

Establishment : Private (hotel) towards south end of town (darlinghurst area)

Date of Visit : Oct 2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : ? Horny 19 yo! Come and Play with me in the Sydney CBD - Available 24/7 ? - Sydney escorts - cracker.com.au

Also similar ad on locanto

Hours of Business : 24/7  supposedly but it is a bit hit and miss you just have to text and see when you get a reply

Rates : $200 for bbbj only (usually $150) with $50 for extras CIM and supposedly face fucking gagging and deep throating 

Age : 19 (legit)

Size/shape : 16 PLUS - One of the less blessed BBW what I would call a LGNT (large gut no tits) which is not all that apparent from the photos in the ad

Nationality or Ethnicity : KIWI

Services Provided : BBBJ, CIM, Swallow, some very brief Deep throat and a lil gagging 

Value for money/recommend? : No / No - Service needs to be about $100 for it to be a value service for it to be value




I bombed out again with this one after having walked from Italian Leoine.  Following on from that I thought I would revert back to a BBW to get some serious cock sucking action.  The OP review sounded positive and it tipped the scales and I though I would give her ago.

When I texted, despite the ad saying $150 for 30 mins, she said $200.  She said $150 is for standard bbbj and doesnt include the extras of DT, face fucking, CIM & swallow etc.  I didn't bother arguing and thought what the hell hopefully she will go to town and i'll just pay the $200.

She's in a cheap style older student/backpacker/family type hotel and you can walk through foyer straight into lifts and get up to her room.

Room is very small and average and Sofie is very large and average.  She wasn't very friendly or talkative either before or after.  Her sucking technique was ok but her blow job was pretty dry and lacked a good sloppy spit factor.  She would intermittently pause to jerk me off and as she was lacking any spit as lube it was hurting like hell.  She had a firm grip and I had to pull her over a few times cause she was rubbing me raw!

She kept her eyes closed the whole time and made no eye contact which was also disappointing.

In additiona I had to force deep throat and she did not willing deep throat me at any point and she really just couldnt deep throat so I felt bad so I stopped.  She wasn't at all into it or enthusiastic which was disappointing from a BBW.  There was a little gagging from the forced DT and certaintly no  face fucking.  I ended up having to jerk off while she licked my balls and shot into her mouth (I wasnt going to let her rub me raw again ).

All in all very lack luster affair for $200 and I will not be returning.  Service needs to be down around the $100 level having regards to her appearance, location and level service which was average to below average at best.  Even then if it was only $100 I dont think I would be back unless I was desperate.  I would much rather drive out to parra and see Sienna who is cock sucking master who only charges $150 albeit she's a little older and probably a 1/5th the size of Sofie.

Have something else lined up for tonight so maybe it will be a case of third time lucky!  

Again the food of the day was the only saving grace.  The location was reasonably close to oxford street so I walked up to Mr Crackles for a sticky bbq pork roll and cup of pork crackle Menu | Mr. Crackles


Floor: #3
Post Time: 18th October 2015, 03:39 PM
Poster ID: Elmo
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks for the tip Sag, both your punt and Mr. Crackles..... Mmm, hog fat, aaaaagggggghhhhhhh


