Thread Title: Sonali - Parramatta -  0422 565 193
Floor: #1
Post Time: 14th February 2017, 02:14 PM
Poster ID: maplestory
Post Title: 
 Sonali - Parramatta -  0422 565 193
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lady Sonali

Establishment : Private Escort

Date of Visit : 9/2/2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Indian curvy lady sonali at parramatta, BACK AGAIN ! - Sydney escorts - cracker.com.au

Hours of Business : 9.30 am to 11pm, 7 days a week

Rates :$100 for 15 minutes, $150 for 30 minutes, $300 for 60 minutes

Age : 27

Size/shape : curvy , Size 10, 38DD

Nationality or Ethnicity : Indian

Services Provided : protected sex only

Value for money/recommend? : Fairly good

My experience/comments :

I got the "quickie-service" for $100. She was very pleasant and clean. Once she had taken the money, she let me fondle her breasts. She put the condom on me while I was pulling up her dress, and guided me inside her. I didn't last very long.  I'd say fairly worthwhile experience.
I found her place fairly easily, it was a small one bedroom apartment. She offered me the opportunity to shower, but said it didn't really matter since I had only paid for 15 minutes of her time. She was a relatively demure Indian woman in her late 20s, with soft features and a thick accent. She was wearing a black dress.
She wanted the money upfront, and after I had paid her, laid me down flat on her bed and began to grind on top of me with a cheeky grin on her face, while I fondled her breasts. This made me very hard. She knew exactly what she was doing.
She peeled down my pants and began to stroke my cock, before unwrapping a condom and rolling it down my shaft. Then she told me to enter her.
I lifted up her dress to reveal a soft stomach and black panties. I pulled off her underpants, and entered inside her, while she was still in cowgirl. She bounced on top of me quite energetically, letting out soft moans, before I finally climaxed. She was still wearing the dress.
All this happened in about ten minutes. She slowly demounted, and afterward offered me a wet wipe. I had a very satisfactory experience, though I will say I am easily pleased. She had a fairly average appearance, but her apartment was clean and she was professional.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 4th November 2019, 02:04 PM
Poster ID: Threepoint14
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sonali - Parramatta

Establishment : Private Apartment

Date of Visit : 31.10.19

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.escortsandbabes.com.au/P...onalisonali28/ 

Phone : 0422 565 193

Hours of Business : 10am to 12pm  7 days

Rates : 150 - 30 mins, 300 - 60 mins

Age : 30

Size/shape : Curvy Size 12 natural D cup

Nationality or Ethnicity : Indian

Services Provided : FS

Value for money/recommend? : Awesome Quick Fuck


My experience/comments : This lady has been on my bucket list for some time kinda one of those not to sure punts, I have seen her ad on various sites so decided to make a booking via text which she quickly replied to. Her apartment is in Parramatta on Pitt street but she directs you to park in Campbell st on walk to her place which is 2 mins away. Her apartment is actually right above Pimmy's, so if you are reading this and you have seen Pimmy before you will know the exact location. Quite a coincidence. Anyway on with the punt. She open the door and the music was up really loud and the place smelt of incense. Now her profile on EB describes her as being medium height but this woman was quite tall and also quite attractive and this made me wonder if this is the same woman. She has fantastic D cup breast all natural and very very nice and firm to touch. She also has a large tattoo on one of her breasts and also on one of her hands, so if anyone can confirm this is Sonali please add to the review. Her pictures don't seem to show any tattoos whatsoever so a bit puzzled by this. Paid for 30 mins - $150 had shower nice and very clean bathroom. Upon returning she proceeded to dry me off which was a nice touch. Straight away into the action lots of kissing and I pulled those D cups straight out and started to suck on her big dark nipples she was very very horny and was all over me. I got quite a shock as she was right into it, the kinda GFE you only dream of. She pushed me onto the bed and started to lick my cock with her tongue and was flicking the tip. On with the dom and started to give awesome CBJ very enthusiastic. I thought to myself this is my lucky night. She slipped of her dress and asked me to fuck her so we went at it for about 15 mins in various positions finishing with her legs near her ears. I was pounding away, she was loving it, pulling me more and more inside her. She started to shudder and climaxed big time. All this time DFK throughout the session. But if you read her ad she says not into DFK so WTF??? So after she came I pulled out and ripped off the dom and came all over her stomach. She cleaned herself up and we cuddled for a while until time was up. Overall fantastic punt better than I imagined. Cheers.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 12th November 2019, 09:39 AM
Poster ID: You
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by Threepoint14


 All this time DFK throughout the session. But if you read her ad she says not into DFK so WTF??
"""



The no dfk is a bit of a deal breaker with me, so I hadn't given her a try. I guess you got lucky.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 13th November 2019, 01:00 AM
Poster ID: silk
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Watch the 3 x videos - you can make out a dark tattoo on her left breast under her hair.
Her left hand is holding the camera in all 3 videos with no tattoo visible on her right hand when it is in shot.

She also has a little mole above her left lip - she looks cute from what I can tell.
On the kissing front - are you clean shaven?


Floor: #5
Post Time: 13th November 2019, 10:25 AM
Poster ID: pashon8
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Sounds interesting. Would like to see an Indian WL and the price is affordable for a private. 

I have seen this ad in the past but wasn't sure if it was real or fake. Style of clothing and photography looks very similar

https://www.escortsandbabes.com.au/P...dependent/Anu/


Floor: #6
Post Time: 13th November 2019, 12:04 PM
Poster ID: vic.available
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sonali

Establishment : Pitt street, Parramatta

Date of Visit : 4th nov, 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0422595193

Phone : 0422595193

Hours of Business : 

Rates : 150 for 30 mins

Age : 27

Size/shape : 10

Nationality or Ethnicity : Indian

Services Provided : SEX

Value for money/recommend? : No

My experience/comments :
Have arranged to meet sonali and she agreed in 60 mins time. She initially asked me to park in on campbell street and gave me address of unit on pitt street. It’s close by so not too fuss about it.

When I walked into unit, it’s very dark and loud Indian music is on. I got into shower and then into action. Kissing was kind of not allowed as she moved her mouth off and even no touching on pussy which is bit unusual but had a feeling that she in Tranny. So finished fucking her as quickly as possible and get out

By looking at her hand, voice and face, I believe that she is tranny. So would not go back


Floor: #7
Post Time: 13th November 2019, 03:23 PM
Poster ID: You
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
2 reviews for Sonali within a week, vic.available and Threepoint14 - YMMV in the extreme


Floor: #8
Post Time: 11th May 2020, 08:26 PM
Poster ID: Surya2020
Post Title: 
 Sonali Parramatta 0422565193
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name:.Sonali

Establishment: private

Date of Visit: March 2020

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :0422565193 Campbell road, Parramatta 

Phone : 0422565193

Hours of Business: 11am till midnight

Rates:$150 for 30 mins 

Age: 28 

Size/shape: medium size 10 to 12

Nationality or Ethnicity: Indian

Services Provided: Full Service

Value for money/recommend?: Not recommended. I will stay away next time.

My experience/comments: She did not answer my call instead replied by texting so booked by texting her. No shower facility, old appartment. It was smelling like fish, someone else was cooking in the kitchen when I entered. She rushed me into room and undress straight away. I wanted to cancel at this stage but she wanted $50 cancellation fee, I was there and I thought lets get on with it so decided to stay and regretted big time. She provided worst covered BJ.  wasnt very cooperative in the positions I wanted to try. Just did the missionary and I left in 20 mins. One of the worst experiences. Not going back. Nothing to enjoy here.


Floor: #9
Post Time: Yesterday, 01:09 PM
Poster ID: sus619
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sonali

Establishment : Independent

Date of Visit : June 2020

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.escortsandbabes.com.au/P...onalisonali28/

Phone :0422565193

Hours of Business : 11am to Midnight

Rates : $150 30mins

Age : 28 but looked mid 30's

Size/shape : curvy with large boobs perky nipples

Nationality or Ethnicity : Indian

Services Provided : FS

Value for money/recommend? : Sort of

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)
Sonali has been on my punt list for a while. Although the night that I eventually met her, she was my third option. I wanted to meet Marsya(hopefully she is available next time)
The booked her via text message. She was very prompt to reply. But she asked me multiple times if I have cash ready or not.
Similar to other reviewers on the thread, I was asked to park my car on 3 Campbell st whereas her apt is pretty close by on Pitt st.
She guided me expertly to her apartment by sending instructions along with pictures of her building via text so had no issues finding her apartment.
I met her late in the night at 10.30pm. Once I entered the apartment, there was the similar loud Hindi music playing. Funnily enough, I heard two different songs playing, one on her phone and other through a speaker. 
I noticed that she was wearing the same saree from her pictures. She is not the prettiest but not bad looking either. She directed me to her bedroom, then asked me to clean my hands with the hand sanitizer she provided. After that provided me with a properly rolled towel and asked me to have a quick shower. She had a pleasant smile all the while which was comforting.
After the shower, I paid her $150 for 30mins. Then we hugged and kissed for a while. No DFK just light smooches. Then suddenly she pooped her boobs out from her blouse. It felt like that was her big move.
I sat on the edge of the bed while she was standing and sucked on her nipples. She took off her blouse and I helped unhook her bra. She quickly got undressed and then we got on the bed. We continued kissing for a bit. And I also played with her boobs for a while. They are large and soft. 
Then she put a condom on me and started with a BJ. Nothing great, pretty normal. She teased my nipples while giving me a BJ, which I liked. Then she tried inserting my dick in her pussy but realized the dom had no lube. So applied plenty of lube on her pussy and finally inserted my dick.
From that position we continued with kissing, playing with boobs etc. She rode me pretty well. Moved her body properly while she was on me. This went for some time untill I eventually came.
Then we cuddled for a bit. She then cleaned me up and gave me a light massage. 
I got dressed, thanked her for her time, booked an Uber and left. She even came to her terrace to wave goodbye while I was waiting for the Uber.
Overall, I had decent time. As I mentioned before, I ended up meeting her as other girls weren't available. I felt she was comfortable to be around. But she isn't much of a talker. I tried to start conversations many times but she just smiled. I didn't like her popping her boobs out just like that, I would have preferred her slowly undressing. Her BJ skills also were ok.
I'd say one may visit her but keep your expectations low.


