Thread Title: Sonia - Strathfield NSW - 0421 594 788
Floor: #1
Post Time: 21st April 2019, 11:04 PM
Poster ID: curvedaznsword
Post Title: 
 Sonia - Strathfield NSW - 0421 594 788
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name :  Sonia

Establishment : Private apartment, easy to get to location. Close to the station or private parking. Street parking is available but has 1hour limit and lots of rangers. So better to park inside.

Date of Visit : 3rd March 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Strathfield private apartment. 

Phone : 0421594788 

Hours of Business : 10am til late. 

Rates : $250 an hr

Age : 45+ 

Size/shape :  A cup, slim. 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Japanese, English is good. 

Services Provided : Shower avaliable, Massage and Nuru massage, BBBJ and FS.

Value for money/recommend? : YES!

My experience/comments : 
Sonia offers great service! 
She greeted me wearing a see through kimono lingerie with black bra and g-string. Overall her body is okay, A cup and don't have much of an arse but shaved pussy.
Starts off with shower then proceed to massage. Abit of roleplaying, greeting and asking what am i doing in Japan. 
Atmosphere is calming, she has relaxing music on and also talks, not making it awkward at all. Massage was good, she would lightly rub my arse and balls giving me this great sensation (i love my balls played with) and then would proceed to Nuru massage.
Afterwards she would flip me over and then starts to lick my nipples, soft kisses and lick her way down to my cock. Giving me a cat bath in the process. This is where her talents shine, before she gives me BBBJ she would play with my balls and then she would suck, I almost came on the spot! But i had to resist. She did deep sucks, hard and soft licks and then she would lick and kiss the shaft and then perform the best BJ in my life! Her tongue was really good, she was very Enthusiastic! Giving her all, I would say she spent about 10-15mins giving me the best BBBJ.  I asked about CIM but she doesn't like it.
After giving me amazingly bj, she would stop to put the condom on and ride cowgirl. Unforunately i was so turned on from the BJ i end up coming straight away! And then that was it...

We cuddled and talked. Even though i booked for 1hr, end up staying for 2hrs. Overall i had a fantastic time, i want to come back but $250 an hr is abit high for me..


Floor: #2
Post Time: 22nd April 2019, 04:33 PM
Poster ID: ballzy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks for the AR Bro.

Does she advertise on Locanto as she kinda sounds familiar?


Floor: #3
Post Time: 22nd April 2019, 08:53 PM
Poster ID: curvedaznsword
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
She claim she has an Ad but I found her from Craiglist awhile ago.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 4th May 2019, 12:35 PM
Poster ID: Julius
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sonia

Establishment : Private apartment, across from Strathfield Station.

Date of Visit : March  2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Strathfield private apartment, Advertises on Locato and Skokka but not all the time.

Phone : 0421594788 

Hours of Business : 10am til late. Seems to have one week a month off so not always available. Requires appointment by text.

Rates : $100 for 30 minutes erotic massage.

Age : 46 

Size/shape : A cup, slim, shaved pussy. 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Mixed Japanese ,  From Brazil, English is very good. 

Services Provided : NHJ, Erotic B2B massage. Other services are available for extra.

Value for money/recommend? : YES!


My experience/comments : I have seen Sonia a number of times. I normally see her in the morning and for morning appointments she requires you to book via text the day before.

See seems to have one week a month not working so not always available.

Her apartment is very clean and there is a shower. Towels are fresh.

Sonia is very friendly and not a clock watcher. As in the review above I generally go well over the time booked. Last time I offered extra money for this but she declined, so she is not money hungry.

The session follows the normal Part 1 and Part 2 routine. She is nude from near start. Her massage technique is good and after a short time starts the light TT touching which I found quite erotic.

Part 2 on turn over was B2B with plenty of boob and pussy action although I didn't request or receive a BJ or FS. The HJ was slow and erotic (rather than jackhammer) which resulted in a strong cum. 

Afterward she is content to lie with you and talk and her English is very good.

Overall I found the session quite erotic and I will return.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 4th May 2019, 06:45 PM
Poster ID: ballzy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I saw her ad on Skokka and was planning on seeing her sometime soon, but I noticed in her latest ad that she is away for a few weeks from 11 May and that she is now in Homebush, not Strathfield.

I might arrange to see her when she gets back.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 5th May 2019, 07:33 AM
Poster ID: jackstar
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Yeh I can’t find an ad anywhere.  Sounds worthy of a punt I think  