Thread Title: Sonia - Sydney - 0410 592 235
Floor: #1
Post Time: 13th June 2012, 05:56 PM
Poster ID: pumpster78
Post Title: 
 Sonia - Sydney - 0410 592 235
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sonia (or sharon - something like that)

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : Feb 2012

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Ring Frank on 0410 592 235

Hours of Business :  10am - Late

Rates : $250 an hour first timers, $200 for regulars.

Age : 30-35, around that area

Size/shape : Slim body, great arse, tiny boobs, good looking girl though.

Nationality or Ethnicity : She looks Chinese but hard to tell, has olive skin which isnt usually a chinese trait....

Services Provided : F/S

Value for money/recommend? : Tough one - I have seen her twice now, for $250 I would say pass with whats on offer at 533 and other establishments for less, but for $200 the second time around I think its VFM considering I didnt have to leave the confines of my home.

My experience/comments : 

Ok - Frank is an old asian bloke that I turn to when I want to dine in and not have to leave the house - This usually occurs on a Friday afternoon when I want to have a few drinks at home before moving onto the main course....something I cant do if I have to drive to an establishment....Dont Drink and Drive kiddies - its a killer "this is a public service announcement" - sorry I digress. 

So, I usually flick Frank a txt and explain what I am looking for, and Frank provides it - he's somewhat of a fuck fairy....he waves his magic wand and a couple of hours later there is a knock at the door - Hazzah....the fuck fairy has arrived. On this occasion i was looking for small.....and Frank delivered me the lovely Sharon, or Sonia (it was hard to understand him let alone her). 

Sonia is a petite little thing with a lovely arse, tiny hips and tiny boobs to match. She has beautiful skin that is Olive in complexion, brown eyes from memory and a shaved snatch which was reasonably tight all things considered. She was quite an easy going thing, and after a quick shower for her (something I appreciate) she popped out and jumped onto the bed next to me. After a quick cuddle and chat she was straight into business giving me a nice CBJ before I decided I wanted to inspect that nice little vagina a little closer. She enjoyed the DATY but I was a little dissappointed at the level of accessability. She had the leg clamps firmly on when I moved a finger anywhere near the region, and was quite firm in telling me no fingers because she is "very sensitive"....still managed to enjoy myself and get her to squirm nevertheless. Then onto the main attraction - she jumped on for some reverse cowgirl which really got me going looking at her tight litte arse thrust forward and back on top of me - So I picked her up quickly and flipped her over for a couple of minutes of hard doggy before I couldnt hold on anymore and unloaded. 

She cleaned up, gave me a neat little massage before some good old mish for round 2.....she isnt (or hasnt been for me) a clock watcher and on both visits she made sure I was finished the second round before packing up and heading on her merry way.

As I say, neat little package, but for $250 I would say pass.....as Im a regular with my fuck fairy, I've done the hard yards and only pay $200, which for me as I say is worth the advantage of not leaving my house and being able to have a few drinks first.



Happy punting, the pumpster.


