Thread Title: Sonya - Rhodes - 0406 700 319
Floor: #1
Post Time: 22nd July 2017, 01:19 PM
Poster ID: mandalay
Post Title: 
 Sonya - Rhodes - 0406 700 319
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sonya

Establishment : Private / unknown

Date of Visit : July 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : France mixed Korean**Sonya! New !! 100% photo or Walk away. 0406700319 - Sydney escorts - cracker.com.au

Hours of Business : Morning - unknown

Rates : $120 / 30, $200 / 60 + extras for just about everything

Age : 23 claimed, 33 probable (but in very good shape)

Size/shape : Tiny pocket rocket. ~5 ft tall, ~45 Kg, great pair of bolt ons. Photos in the ad are legit but misleading - she looks better in RL. Tattoo on back left shoulder of an animal and a phrase in English below neck line.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : CBJ, FS. DATY extra, other extras probably available.

Value for money/recommend? : Only if you're desperate to bang a petite girl with big tits and don't care about service.

My experience/comments : 
I didn't actually book Sonya, I booked another girl with a different number who obviously worked under the same arrangement. Despite the agent confirming the girl I was due to see, on arrival I met with a chubbier (but friendly) girl who wasn't to my taste. Spotted Sonya as I was about to leave and thought I'd give her a go.

Initial impressions were pretty good, she speaks great English and is easy to go through the preliminaries with, joke around for a bit of rapport and so on.

I showered first and as she re-entered the room I stood up. Not allowed to touch her. Nope, can't get a kiss (a peck on the cheek was all that was on offer). Can't touch boobs (a real shame as they're great). Can't touch pussy. DATY was out of the question as she had a handful of gel on her pussy almost immediately.

Totally skipped any attempt at foreplay, get on the bed for a CBJ. The best thing I can say about it was that she managed to not bite my cock, but otherwise not much positive to share. After less than 90 seconds of this she decided she'd had enough.

Straight on top for cowgirl (after another generous handful of lube). I think I got a look at her pussy and it was pretty nice (shaved with a bit of stubble) but honestly it was brief and I could be wrong. Sex pretty good in cowgirl but made less so by the "can't touch this" list - which included hair, boobs (again, such a crime), waist, neck, face, pretty much rest your hands on her ass (but don't reach around for a feel - asshole is also on the can't touch list) and enjoy the view... For a minute or two before she wants me on top. Zzz. OK.

We worked through missionary and doggy. She's got such a tiny waist I could almost fit my hands around her, and with a big, well padded ass... Oh man, this girl has so much potential. But as it was it was hard to stay hard with her alternating between "cum baby" and "ouch", a massive mood killer. Oh well, thinks I, as ye reap so shall ye sow... So I just started fucking her as hard as I could until I managed a pretty lacklustre orgasm.

She jumps up, points to a box of tissues and gets me to clean myself up. No, she doesn't do massage in 30 minute bookings. Why aren't I getting dressed yet? Sheesh.

Despite all this, I'm a sucker for a hot girl and the experience wasn't exactly bad, it was just that it failed to live up to potential in so many ways. Approach at your own risk.


