Thread Title: Sophie Clarke
Floor: #1
Post Time: 2nd April 2011, 06:37 AM
Poster ID: waverton
Post Title: 
 Sophie Clarke
				
Post Content: 
Fresh off my big win... I felt pretty invincible...
and with plenty of $$ left in my wallet... well
with more dollars than cents I say the next girl Called Sophie and arranged a time to meet...
tried my old trick of multiplying up and
rounding down... well this girl... knows her
math and promptly gave me  her 2 hours time -
$800.... wow... I got a big commission cheque
but +$500 for anything is well just alot of money... 1 hour... She's got some really nice pictures on the website. She's kinda like my perfect type, blonde, green eyed aussie blonde... She works out out of the east. When we meet I
was again like "wow", she's got a great body... why do all thse girl live in the East??? What is
so bad about the North... well who cares she
looked SMOKIN.... gave her the bottle of white. I got out of the shower, she led me into the
bedroom. I had some wine, she didnt want any,
I think she is very cautioious.. had a chat...
arrghh this is where the fantasy ended and
chemistry set in....I could sence I was just
another John, and that we had no common ground... Conversation is going no where I felt
my penis literally receeding into me (but she
was smoking hot... so??) hey things dont
always go as you plan... well se started to
caress each other, held each other, released
my towel, and started to suck my cock with her soft lipss it was good, but cant  get that feeling out of my mind... Arrghh... I kept
thinking back to that I was boring her... Started with mish first. put my cock deep into
her wet, shaven, pink little pussy. I held her
close to me while pounding her mish style. but
kept thinking about that looking, moved into
doggy, I thought it might give me help me
move on..... later she bent over on the bed, I spread her pink pussy and licked her clit, still
off to that bad start...So i just asked her to go
back to BBJ, till I came...I came over her tits... She gave me a massage and we took a break,
ws just not in the mood.. just felt like I really
wasted $450... arrgghhh... Breasts: Natural B/C cups
Photos: very nice
Experience: 10/10
BBBJ:6/10
Attractiveness: 9/10
Value for Money: 6/10 i think with somebody else it is a 8/10 hey she is a very sexy girl... i think she wants
the type of clients she wants.. but the only
problem is that your in a service industry...  i
think i would have felt better if she moved on
the $$$ so I felt that I at least got a win....
THAT's SALES!!!


Floor: #2
Post Time: 2nd April 2011, 06:40 AM
Poster ID: waverton
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
http://www.privategirls.com.au/sophie_clarke.php


Sorryboys


