Thread Title: Sophia Asian - Parramatta - 0424 403 939
Floor: #1
Post Time: 13th October 2016, 03:50 PM
Poster ID: james31
Post Title: 
 Sophia Asian - Parramatta - 0424 403 939
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sophia 


 Establishment : Private 


Date of Visit : 12/10/16


Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0424403939

?????Gorgeous Asian Sophia new in Parramatta - Sydney escorts - cracker.com.au


Hours of Business : 10 - Late


Rates : $110 30min $170 45 minute  $50 BBBJ CIM $50  Anal


Age : 25


Size/shape : Size 6-8  , Toned, Beautiful D cups


Nationality or Ethnicity : Vietnamese


Services Provided :   FS, BBBJ, CIM, ANAL


Value for money/recommend? : Yes with a proviso


My experience/comments : Sophia is one of a myriad of Asian chicks that are advertising on Cracker and Backpage working out of units in Parramatta, as a general rule I am wary of these ads as I have been burned by a couple and there have been other horror stories in this Forum but Sophie's ad looked genuine enough and she is one of the rare ones that actually speak to you if you call , mostly they just text if you if you call call and this is always a warning sign to me that you are in for a bait and switch.

Now in this instance you might argue that there was an element of bait and switch but not necessarily in a bad way ( more about that later ).  

I can say that her pics are genuine and she is quite a stunner in real life, she wore the exact same red lingerie in the pics and her body and tits look much better in real life than her pics.

Sophia is from Melbourne and travelling the country with a friend doing FS wherever they go, this week they are operating out of a fairly average Motel in Parramatta called the Parramatta City Motel on the Great Western Highway you can jag a parking spot in the car park which is a plus ( jus ignore the signs for guests only ).

I arrived knocked on the 2nd floor Motel room door and she opened the door and kind of hid behind it and I entered a really dark messy room with food all over the small bench and it was clear to me that she was sharing what is a quite small motel room, I was quite nervous because of the dodgy entry but the instant she showed herself in her full glory I said to myself wow I don't care how much this cost I'm up for this, now I was interested in FS with BBBJ and CIM finish ( which I was just relishing ) but this is where it took a strange turn as Sophia says to me how about we do a double ( not my thing really ) , I said no mainly because of the extra money involved but then she said she does not offer BBBJ, CIM or ANAL but her friend Tina does so at this point alarm bells are ringing.  Anyway she asks how long I want I say 30 or 45 min, she does a quick calculation and says I can have both her and Tina for $190, I could fuck Sophia and Tina will give me BBJ and CIM, I was  still a bit wary so she calls Tina who was hiding in the bathroom which is kinda weird , was she just going to stay there the whole time while I did the deed with Sophia ?

Anyway out pops Tina and she is wearing almost matching black lingerie with garter the whole bit and she also has a stunning body slightly smaller tits maybe C cup and black hair not quite as attractive but better than most WLs I have seen, my dick is now standing erect and I am just like fuck yeah I will have both don't care about the cost !

Anyway they instruct me to lay on my back and Tina crawls up and starts a lovely BBBJ , paying lots of attention to licking my balls and shaft and licking the head, Sophia had stripped off and stood over me and started flaunting her stunning body and a beautiful shaved snatch which I just wanted to plunge my tongue into , but this was the bad part Sophia pretty well allows no touching of her snatch and definitely no DATY which I was devastated by, if she had allowed even some basic touching and kissing this would have been a dream 10/10 punt but this was quite a spoiler for me.

Anyway after a lovely BBBJ from Tina , Sophia lies down and spreads her legs and says come and fuck me so on with the DOM and I plunged in mish style, what a glorious site her lovely body spread before me with amazing tits but alas no licking of her nipples and definitely no kissing ! I found myself in that almost out of body experience looking down at myself with a gorgeous creature with my dick in a lovely snatch but felt really empty because there was just no touching allowed  definitely not a GFE, a real pity because her snatch was lovely and tight.  I was saying to myself if this is what it is like to fuck a super model I don't ever want to have a super model as a girlfriend !  In the meantime Tina starts kissing my neck and licking my nipples as I plunge away and she kept saying you make sure you tell me when you want to come , I want every drop in my mouth don't waste it in the bag which was a great surprise as they wanted to give me what I paid for and not just finish me off quickly.

At this point I decided I wanted to fuck Tina as well since Sophia as good as she looked was not doing it for me,  so for another $50 they said no problem, Tina kept asking if I wanted anal but I just wanted to fuck her and cum in her mouth and not spend another cent , maybe next time , anyway she said fuck me doggy style which I agreed to and so Sophia put on a rubber food glove and said let me play with your arse and she lubed up her finger and started prodding my arse as I fucked Tina doggie style aahhhh I was in heaven. Tina kept saying don't cum in the bag you make sure you cum in my mouth which I was having trouble holding back on , I eventually whipped off the DOM and she sucked me like a trooper till I blew a huge load in her mouth ( unfortunately she did not swallow ).


All up it was a great punt with two hot chicks, it is a real pity about Sophia not being too interested in allowing any touching as she has a killer body.

I would say if you are after a double with two smoking chicks then go for it, if you are after a punt with a WL with a model body without the high class price tag then OK but don't expect too much else, if you want a pretty hot chic who will give you a BBBJ, CIM and ANAL then it's a no brainer just fuck Tina . I kinda like the idea of doing two chicks but the dynamics of a double need to be managed for it to work well and you preferably want interaction between all parties, I have only had a couple of other doubles and one of them was stellar and the other a dud, this fell somewhere in the middle.

Just a tip if you are going to see them while they are still and the Parra City Motel then if you do not want to do the walk of shame past the reception desk in the very small foyer like I did to get to the stairs then make sure you enter through the glass door to the right of reception at the front , then you can just take a quick left up the stairs and bypass reception.

Good luck fella's I am interested to hear how you get on with this pair.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 14th October 2016, 03:47 PM
Poster ID: MattC
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hmm, not so impressed, went to see her today - first she had a client when I arrived for our booking, so I went to get lunch, then an hour later finally got to see her and she wouldn't do the service we agreed over SMS (no DATY), she wasn't that great looking either, nice figure, but face wasn't great - definitely in her 30s too. I thought her friend was better looking actually (in the face) had a more petite frame though.

So I ended up walking as I'd be better off going to 533 Willoughby which is cheaper or seeing some Thai massage hotties.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 14th October 2016, 10:09 PM
Poster ID: copul8er
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Sounds mixed so better off ringing up to see the other girl as she does it all.


