Thread Title: Sophia - Penrith - 0414 068 156
Floor: #1
Post Time: 27th August 2012, 01:37 PM
Poster ID: james31
Post Title: 
 Sophia - Penrith - 0414 068 156
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sophia

Establishment : Very nice Private residence

Date of Visit : Saturday 25/8/12

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :0414068156

Rates : $150 Hr - $80 half hour FS, less for RnT

Age : Mid 30's

Size/shape : 10 , nice B-C tits . Quite attractive

Nationality or Ethnicity : Korean

Services Provided : RnT, DFK, BBBJ,  DATY, FS , possible BBFS

Value for money/recommend? : Hell Yes !

Well after a run of outs on the punting front it was a very welcome return to a lady who knows how to treat her clients well, Sophia is a quite attractive Korean lady who speaks good english she operates out of a lovely townhouse in Werrington actually across from the railway station, when you make a booking with her she will text you a very comprehensive set of instructions to find the place.  Whilst the townhouse is fully exposed to the railway station the entrance is quite discreet once you pass through the front gate and the townhouse is immaculate inside (hooray ! ) which is a nice change from some of the shitholes I have been in lately, Sophia has gone to a lot of trouble to make a nice clean enticing place and it certainly works for me.  What also worked for me was the nice lingerie she greeted me with at the front door even enquiring if I liked it , up the stairs to the "workspace" which again lovely and clean with a nice touch of a porno running in the corner with a big black cock ramming some young things arse and I said to myself "ahhh things are looking up maybe there will be some anal on offer today".

Sophia is quite attractive with a nice body she cuddles me and slides her tongue in for some nice DFK before we even negotiate the deal, unfortunately anal is not on the menu she says it hurts too much but hey I'll just  take this as a future challenge !
A quick shower in the (clean ) adjoining ensuite and then it's down to action, first some DFK quickly followed with a very enthusiastic BBBJ with ball sucking and licking and plenty of eye contact, after some time she offers some 69 which I take up with some enthusiasm ( helps take my mind off blowing too quickly from her nice BBBJ ) and she offers a lovely clean sweet tasting pussy after a while we roll over so I can dine with more access and I quickly slide a finger in then two which she accepts enthusiastically she however declined a finger in the datehole but I will persist next time.  She cums multiple times while I tongue her and so it's on with the DOM and on to some cowgirl , now at this point I get a little worried because I had to ask for the DOM , when I questioned her about this she said she will do it bareback for her over 50's clients ( shit I don't look that old do I ? )  because they can struggle to get it up and they are less likely to have diseases although last time I checked STD's do not discriminate with age.  Anyway I put the thought out of my head that I may have just licked up some other punters leftovers and enjoy the ride, she pumps wildly with cowgirl alternating with getting on her haunches and some slower grinding action ,  this was enough to make me want to cum but didn't want to end it so soon and given that she takes it bareback then I figure CIM must be on offer. I suggest some doggy which she willingly turns over for , I hoped for some doggy followed by CIM but unfortunately for me the combination of her nice arse and the porno playing in corner take me over the line so I never got to go for the money shot in the mouth.
Anyway she offers me a quite nice massage with oil which lasts for over 20 minutes so she doesn't mind putting in an effort, we have a nice chat -  she does like to talk a lot  and says she can pick the punters straight away who she will get on with , I suggest that she should give the bareback away but she feels comfortable with the right guy doing it and she has a regular disease check at a clinic , I know this will be a turn on for some punters but not for me I value my health too much.

Anyway she also has a massage table in another room for those that just want the RnT experience.

All up a fantastic punt for the small $150 fee , I would highly recommend her with the one proviso about the bareback FS.

Enjoy my fellow punters.


