Thread Title: Sophie - Annandale - 0449 250 876
Floor: #1
Post Time: 26th December 2011, 05:22 PM
Poster ID: Sanchez
Post Title: 
 Sophie - Annandale - 0449 250 876
				
Post Content: 
I saw this post on Cracker and thought i would like to know about her? Thinking about a new years treat?


Hi there, 

If you're looking for an intimate rendezvous with a delicious tall, leggy E cup (natural of course) then I am your girl. I've got long brown hair, brown eyes and big plump lips. I'm 5'10 and a size 10 with just enough meat on my hips for you to grab on to ... 

Any time spent with me is friendly, authenic and sincere. I love what I do and cannot get enough! I'm open to lots of suggestions and can do my very best to accommodate your every need, I love experimenting. 

I'm a genuine bisexual and specialize in couples so if you and your partner are looking to play I'm definitely the one to show you how 

I enjoy SEX SEX AND MORE SEX!!! I am university educated, immaculately presented and dressed and have a keen interest in travel and the world around me. 

So what are you waiting for! Give me a call and we can arrange a time for you to visit me in my luxury CBD apartment or I can come and visit you. 

Can't wait to hear from you 
xxx Elly 


Pricing: 

$200 half hour 

$350 hour 

Extras offered: 

Greek (size is generally not an issue) $150 
Golden Shower $50


Floor: #2
Post Time: 23rd August 2012, 05:32 PM
Poster ID: ut0p1an
Post Title: 
 Sophie - Annandale/Glebe
				
Post Content: 
The Ad:
21, busty, slim, sexy and playful IN/OUT - Glebe | Escort / adult | Erotic | Cracker

Hi there, 

If you're looking for an intimate rendezvous with a delicious 21 year old tall, leggy E cup (natural of course) then I am your girl. I've got brown hair, brown eyes and big plump lips. I'm 5'10 and a size 10. 
Any time spent with me is friendly, authenic and sincere.I enjoy mutual pleasure and love the look on a mans face when I've brought him to a wild climax. 
I'm a genuine bisexual and love playing with couples so if you and your partner are looking to play I'm definitely the one to show you how. If you are looking for a threesome situation I am also able to arrange a male or female to join us for our time together. 
I enjoy SEX SEX AND MORE SEX!!! I am university educated, immaculately presented and dressed and have a keen interest in travel and the world around me. 
So what are you waiting for! Give me a call and we can arrange a time for you to visit me in my private apartment or I can come and visit you. 
Can't wait to hear from you 

xx Sophie 



The Review:

Person's Name: Sophie

Establishment: Private (See Above)

Date of Visit: Late July 2012

Contact Details/Address/Weblink:

Hours of Business: (See Above)

Rates: Half Hour = $250 (note: I do not offer half hour outcalls) 
1 Hour = $400
Discounts offered for longer bookings 
Extras Offered 
Greek = $50 
Golden Showers = $50

Age: Early 20's

Size/shape: Larger built lady

Nationality or Ethnicity: Caucasian Australian

Services Provided: (See Above)

Value for money/recommend?: No but mainly because of false advertising

My Experience/Comments: I booked this lady after seeing her ad and pics on Cracker. Given Greek was on offer I thought I couldn't pass up the opportunity. I called her number and she had the usual leave a message thing happening so I left a message and waited for the callback. Due to work commitments and a generally hectic schedule I actually forgot about the message as I did not get a callback for about 2 or 3 days. Now a sensible person might have said this was a sign but sometimes all sense leaves the room when the little man takes charge. She says she has a place in Annandale and by good fortune I was booked to see a client down the road so I asked for a lunchtime (1pm I think) booking. She was fine with the time and gave me the street number and said to call when I get there to get the apartment number. Rock up to Annandale at the designated time and she isn't answering the phone. About 10min later as I am about to head up to Stiletto to cut my losses she calls back and says she needs another 5 min to clear up then I can come up. Well 5 becomes 10 and I am thinking I need to cut this booking to 30min instead of 1hour because there is only so much time I could explain away from work. Finally get the callback and get the room number. When I get upstairs she opens the door to something, that if just cleaned up, must have been an utter disaster when she got there. I tell her that I only have 30min now and she is ok with that. Hand over the $$$ and the extra for greek and off to the shower I go. Nice apartment and shower so I figure that whilst the place is a mess at least it isn't some dump in the back of Potts Point or Redfern. Get to the room and she has stripped down. I swear she was wearing compression garments when she opened the door because she jumped from a 12 to a 14-16 in the bed. We start fooling around and I get the strongest smell of some smokey substances and to be honest I should have just taken a BJ and run. We tried a few positions and a little backdoor but the little man was just not in the mood. Eventually I finished up on her back, had a shower and left. Now Sophie is a nice enough girl. She can hold a conversation even if inebriated. Unfortunately she is much bigger than the photo's indicate. Either they are not her or are her in another life. This was kinda a TOFTT I guess but not to the calibre of some out there (a tip of the hat to SeaRay for sharing some of his disasters) but I would not go back.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 23rd August 2012, 06:46 PM
Poster ID: Jack Kerouac
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Great review and a warning to all of us.

Jack


Floor: #4
Post Time: 28th August 2012, 12:33 AM
Poster ID: silk
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
So are the photos of Sophie on cracker 100% genuine as stated?
Doesn't look too bad in those shots.
Silk


Floor: #5
Post Time: 28th August 2012, 10:45 AM
Poster ID: ut0p1an
Post Title: 
 Sophie - Annandale - 0449 250 876
				
Post Content: 
No. If they are her, they are from a time when she was more familiar with healthy dieting and a gym than she is now.


