Floor: #1
Post Time: 24th March 2017, 10:44 AM
Poster ID: aabro10
Post Title: 
 Sophia - St Leonard's/North Sydney - 0416 963 202
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sophia

Establishment : private

Date of Visit : Friday in late Feb, think 24th

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Sexy Sophia, pure pleasure guaranteed! - Sydney escorts - cracker.com.au

Hours of Business : works mostly Thursdays and Fridays, but sometimes pops up mid week. I think she works mid morning to late evening when she's working. 

Rates : $240 half / $360 hour - I took the hour

Age : 40s, maybe late 30s? 

Size/shape : slim, slight belly likely from children, great arse, amazing tits, I would say the pics are real, probably older and photoshopped.

Nationality or Ethnicity : US/Aussie/U.K. Said she's lived everywhere

Services Provided : full service, cbj, daty, sex, cob

Value for money/recommend? : yes

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

i have seen Sophia twice now and the experience is great. Both times have been from a small townhouse in north Sydney however I understand that she also works from an apartment in st Leonard's and sometimes in Surry hills. 

She greets at the door in a nice business type dress. Upstairs, quick shower and then begin kissing. She drops the dress to reveal sexy lingerie, garters, etc. taking off her bra, her tits are perfect. Sucking her nipples she moans. She grabs my dick and starts to give me a light handjob. Puts on a condom and begins cbj. A few mins of this, it's alright, but would prefer bbbj (couldn't afford $50 extra). So I move to take her panties off. She has a slight bush, landing strip. I eat her out for about 10 mins, she really gets into it, thrusting and moaning and starts to gush. After this on with the don and I fuck her missionary. She's really moaning and I can feel her pussy gripping tight. It's only a few mins and I have to take some time out, before starting again. A few mins later and I drop a load on her tits. Quick lie down, go down on her again and then into it for round 2. The sex is great, really pound her in doggy and finish on her tits again. 

This girl is really good, albeit a little expensive. If the bbbj and cim was included I'd visit more. She is gorgeous for a girl over 40 and comes off a little shy at first, but once her clothes are off it's a different story.


