Thread Title: Stella - St Peters - 0432 380 127
Floor: #1
Post Time: 30th March 2017, 09:49 PM
Poster ID: bigdickmalone
Post Title: 
 Stella - St Peters - 0432 380 127
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Stella

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 30/03/2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : $100 special. Today only!! - Sydney escorts - backpage.com.au
0432380127

Hours of Business : contact for hours

Rates : $100 for 15 mins

Age : 30s

Size/shape : short , bit dumpy

Nationality or Ethnicity : Caucasian

Services Provided : FS

Value for money/recommend? : Meh

Comments: I had seen Stella's ad up on BP and Cracker for a few months but really wasn't interested, but saw her ad today with her saying $100 for 15 mins. That got my interest so I contacted her, contact was easy and we setup a time. 
She operates out of an apartment in St Peters so getting there from the city was easy. Got there a bit later than expected due to the weather but she was understanding. 
Got the house number and made my way up, knocked on the door and was then greeted by a short (about 5"2 and I'm closer to 6") and dumpy woman. She is wider than her pictures which must have been taken a while ago. Exchange cash and I head into the shower. Her shower is very small and I had to duck just to fit under the shower head.

Get out and was she is waiting for me. We start off with a CBJ (she does BBBJ as an extra), the BJ is not bad and she sucks me for a few minutes. I then get her in missionary and pound away, then move to her riding me for a few minutes. She has ok breasts so was nice to have them bouncing on the top of me. After a few minutes of cowgirl, then off to doggy. Where I hit it for a few minutes then blow my load.

Have a shower and head off. 

It was an ok punt, the price was definitely a plus. Downsides was that the pictures of her definitely make her look better than she actually looks. Her apartment is very messy so I don't see how anyone can be comfortable spending anything longer than 15 mins there. Shower was also crap especially if you're on the taller side

Will I go back? No, nothing about the punt was special and can get better elsewhere

Cheers,

Big D


