Thread Title: Storm - Bondi Area - 0405 328 710
Floor: #1
Post Time: 3rd May 2014, 09:04 PM
Poster ID: wildwillie
Post Title: 
 Storm - Bondi Area - 0405 328 710
				
Post Content: 
Person's name : Storm  - Pendle Hill 0405 328 710

Establishment : Private Escort, does 'in car'

Date of Visit : 6 April 2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0405 328 710

Hours of Business : not sure  prefers after dark

Rates : 30 min 70, 60 -120

Age :  20 ish

Size/Shape : 12-14 real C cup

Nationality /Ethnicity : Aussie

Service Provided : FS, CBJ, DATY etc

Vale for Money : I thought so.

My Experience/Comments:
I also posted this other similar site


had been trying to arrange another get together with Storm....  after previous meeting (reported on Punter Planet March 24) 
Was still wondering what an FS would be like.. poor Bert had been lacking some attention, so SMS'ed Storm looking for another adventure.
No reply for over a week, then finally on Saturday evening got a text.. Yes she was working...  Mental note to self.. as I could deduce why she may have had a week off.

Was thinking of Out-Call, and was trying to ensure an appropriate dress standard for a gentleman to walk through reception with this young lady.
The she stopped answering text.. What the @#%# ???  l ventured another text, that I wanted to see her again as had enjoyed previous rendezvous... and I get message 'I seen you before?'
'Yes' and we were in business again.....  but she was not sure about Out-Call..... OK- Bert agreed that we could go for the in-car service.
Drive out there, pick her up..  She comes out in a neat short dress, elasticized over the breast area, not any real make-up on this time, 
she was not going out to 'get drunk as' this time.... no problem, she has a nice complexion and Bert is starting to get interested and I am looking forward to whatever will unfold.
Same parking area, but this time no mistake about the front seat.. move seats forward and we deploy to the rear (seat).

Elasticized top rolled down to her waist to expose no bra but a nice pair of boobs, no problems in that area.... she assist with trousers down and dom  ON.

She goes into oral action and Bert is happy getting what he likes, nice...  then Storm asks what service I would like this time, tell her would like to go full service.

No problems, and skirt comes up around the waist and knickers off... a lady of few words is our little Storm... more CBJ action until she thinks it is enough.
We then nestle into a position, where her shoulders lodged against back of the rear seat with her legs wide apart, and me between them in front of her,
her feet against back of the front passenger seat.
Storm looks uncomfortable as the poor girl is pinned and fairly well restrained... All of her virtues are available to me (remember the dress is now little more than a belt around her waist).

Not had this much fun for a long time.  I could have done anything my devious mind could think of, but I remain the perfect gentleman and simply have a little touch here and then there... 
Ok, I do pinch her here, and there, and nibble her boobs... I remember mental note to self and refrain from DATY.
New mental note as now pretty sure she enjoys being constrained and man-handled a little.....and could enjoy a bit of pain...???
It all works and Storm has become aroused and is nice and moist.... and I slip Bert in....

.... and so another peasant rendezvous with Storm is enjoyed by all,

Will I go back? Probably, I would still like to enjoy a little Storm in the freedom of a hotel room on a double bed....   and want to discover how far she will go.....
Until next time


Floor: #2
Post Time: 3rd May 2014, 09:21 PM
Poster ID: wildwillie
Post Title: 
 Storm - Bondi Area - 0405 328 710
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name :  Storm now in Bondi Area

Establishment :  Private Escort, no longer does in-car now does In-Call

Date of Visit : 3/5/2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0405 328 710

Hours of Business : just about any time

Rates : 100-30min/ 170-60min

Age : 21 ish

Size Shape : 12 - 14 with C cup

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided :  CBJ, FS, DATY etc.

Value for Money : I thought so.

My Experience:
did post this similar site

Had seen her 'in-car' a couple of times, as per previous postings, and always considered an outcall to get into some of the fun stuff her ad talks about...
      Locanto ads (couple of them) simply have, tagline '19 year old female' and then when you open it reads:
               "Full service (all protected)... Including full sex, mutual oral, foreplay etc. ... Hair pulling, spanking etc is all fine."
Wanted to get into the 'hair pulling, spanking and all fine' stuff with her,..... but obviously not viable 'in car', hence the need for an outcall.
Got in touch with her earlier in the week.  She has had 2 moves since Pendle Hill and was in a unit in Dover Heights doing Incalls, even better!
Arranged to meet her, walked in, and the girl wearing nice short dress, boobs on show, and nicely made up.. 
She has worn make up each time I have seen her and certainly makes the effort.  Not the Queen of beauty pageant, but cute.
Had brought some drinks and we sat, drank and talked for 15 minutes... noticed nice white bra, tiny see through knickers... as she told the story about moving.
Will let her tell it to you, it does demonstrate the rigours and dangers about being a working lady... She is still very much a down to earth girl !
Also negotiated the drinks for bbbj, but she does not do CIM...  By then we had gotten undressed and the girl wastes no time in getting into the bbbj. 
Pretty darn good at it too, I grabbed her hair and pulled her down onto Bert who was really happy to participate, and had none of the qualms as previous visits.. did a great inspection of inside of her mouth. Think she had brushed her teeth before I arrived as nice tingling sensation.
Being the gentleman I am, I asked her to stop while Bert re-composed himself rather than surprise her with CIM.
She continued bbbj till I got her to do cowgirl, she pretty darn good at that as well,  Dont think Bert is exceptional but she seemed to like to pause and sit still, fully impaled, play with her boobs and nice big nipples and let out little moans before continuing rocking motion.
OK doggie!!!  Gave her a bit of a spanking, and pulled back on her hair to get her to push back harder, again she likes it all the way in.  Poor girl had nice pink buttocks by the time I decided it was time for a bit of Mish.
The girl participates well, especially if you give her nipples a tweek to give her a bit of domination, and motivation.
And so a good time was had by all.
I will just say that her Locanto ad does not lie.  She let me have my way with her and allowed all and more than her ad says. I think she would take it rougher, maybe I am just too gentle a guy?     She did remember me so not sure if I got a little more than a first time punter.  She is well worth the 100 for half, or 170 for whole hour. Her unit could be cleaner, tidier, but hey she is 19 and like all girls that age is probably not that into tidy house...
will I go back: likely yes, had a good time


Floor: #3
Post Time: 4th May 2014, 12:17 PM
Poster ID: jono87
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Great review. Look like you enjoy your time with each visit


