Thread Title: Sugar - Strathfield NSW - 0478 731 530
Floor: #1
Post Time: 19th August 2017, 11:01 AM
Poster ID: cumlaut
Post Title: 
 Sugar - Strathfield NSW - 0478 731 530
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sugar

Establishment : private

Date of Visit : June 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : ?? Sugar Young Asian Girl, CUM make me feel good. ? - Sydney escorts - cracker.com.au

Hours of Business : dunno

Rates : 30 min - $180; 45 min - $220; 60 min - $250

Age : early to mid 20's

Size/shape : Slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : DFK, BBBJ, CFS (+ extras; see ad)

Value for money/recommend? : yes

My experience/comments : 
Note that my visit was last month and that the ad hasn't been updated in a few days. Sugar works out of a 2bed apartment with another girl working in the other room. I think these guys have a few girls on rotation that they put to work in this place. There are a few other ads for korean girls who work at this spot, just look for the ones with similar layout/services in Strathfield. Booking was by text and kinda last minute and Sugar wasn't in the apartment at the time I booked. She got there 20-30mins later. I was asked what my ethnic background was when booking. Based on the ad it seems she only sees asian man (korean, chinese, viet)

Pics are all real. She has a cute round face and a slender figure. English is somewhat limited, but enough to get by. Her attitude is somewhat typical of a lot of chinese girls I've seen: no real GFE vibe, but is service oriented and enthusiastic. Asked for 45mins, stripped down and headed to the shower together. She washed me down thoroughly but not much play which is fine. Onto the bed for some catbath and DFK. Like a lot of chinese girls her idea of hot DFK is violently shoving her tongue down your gullet for extended periods of time (not my thing). Her BBBJ is pretty good, she's not shy about this and gives a little DT. Asked for some DATY, to which she obliges. Clean shaven and somewhat responsive. 

Onto fucking in mish, doggy and prone with some DATY breaks in between. I was kinda horny that day and got carried away at times, going a little too hard and deep for her. She wouldn't complain, so the only way i knew was seeing the discomfort in her face before backing off. Finished off with a BJ with hand finish. 

Overall a cute, service-oriented girl. You won't get a GFE experience, but she's enthusiastic and accommodating.

I've visited some other girls at this place and will post those reviews when i have time.


