Thread Title: Summer - Sydney
Floor: #1
Post Time: 1st June 2011, 10:36 AM
Poster ID: Thylacinus
Post Title: 
 Summer - Sydney
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Summer

Establishment : Independent

Date of Visit: 27 May 2011

Contact Details/Address/Weblink:  Beautiful Blonde - Yours For The Night - Sydney | Escort / adult | Erotic | Cracker

Hours of Business: Friday, Saturday Evenings

Rates: 1500 per night

Age: 24

Size/shape:  8

Nationality or Ethnicity:  Caucasian

Services Provided:  GFE

Value for money/recommend?:  Excellent - YES!

~~~~~~~~~~

I found this young lady - Summer - via a posting on Cracker (link shown above) through last week.  

Email responses were slow, thought it may not come out right, but when I did get a response, it was pretty positive and a fairly easy thing to arrange.  She wanted a lot of information about me - likes, dislikes, build and age - but I got the impression she isn't a girl to just switch off and do anyone, but wanted someone she can be genuine with.

The arrangement is only for outcalls - she explained she hasn't got anywhere to see folk, so we set it up for a night at my place, with a meeting for a drink nearby first.  

First impressions on seeing her - she's everything she claims to be.  She is definitely early-mid 20's, talll, slender and blonde.  Very pretty green eyes, and a very bright and intelligent young woman.  Incredibly good conversation, laughs easily and after a drink we were feeling very comfortable together.

We took a cab back to mine, and dealt with the funds.

She seemed a tad nervous at first, but the service was definitely GFE, with a lot of kissing (and she does this with enthusiasm), cuddling, intimate touching, DATY and BBBJ.  I'll say on the BBBJ front, she is damn good at this, and teases beautifully.  I'm not usually a huge fan of the BJ in general, but hers is one I'd definitely recommend.  On request she did attempt some DT.

In terms of the intercourse this was done enthusiastically, several positions.  A couple of the times she initiated the intercourse with kissing and some great hand action.  

She is very affectionate when snuggled up on the sofa - had a few more vodka and redbulls with me and made out more.  We did sleep a few hours, and this was very relaxed - not overly clingy, but affectionate for sure.

Had a wild little sex session when we woke up, she showered and took a cab on her way.

Not the sort of price One could afford for a regular hook up, but if what you'd like is an absolutely genuine GFE for a night, and you have a place to host this is definitely a girl to see.  No watching clocks, she is yours for the night, and she's an enthusiastic, passionate and very open young woman, who has been nothing but honest and open about her services.   It's also good to me that she's a little picky when doing her initial communications - gives more cofidence she's not doing this with just anyone!

Looks:  8/10 - 5'9, blonde, size 8, green eyes but still has feminine curves.
BBBJ:  10/10
Intercourse:  9/10 love the enthusiasm, love she initiates on occasion, and love her intimacy.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 1st June 2011, 06:54 PM
Poster ID: BadAussieBoy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Here is a copy and paste from her Cracker ad:

Hey Guys 

My name's Summer, I'm 24, tall and slender and have long blonde hair and green eyes. 

I'm bright, I'm fun, and I'm a very open minded, playful and fun young woman, who LOVES to get freaky in private. 

I'm not going to be doing this for long, but hey - I'm a busy girl, and I've gotten lonely and I've got some big bills due ... so why not make the most of the situation! 

Here's the deal - you get my undivided attention for a Friday or a Saturday night, you get to be the absolute KING of my world, and you get to find out what a very, very, very naughty girl I can really be - even though I look all sweet and innocent  

Everything is protected (of course) and I won't do anal - sorry - but you have me for 12 hours from 8 at night until 8 the next morning at your home or hotel room for $1500!! 

When you email me, please let me know your age, build, and race - I'm doing this as much for fun as for money so I'm gonna be a bit choosey . 

I'll forward pictures in response to reasonable offers from suitably courteous men ... so ask nicely  

Looking forward to hearing from you 

Summer 

xxxxx


