Thread Title: Sun - Various - 0481 341 877
Floor: #1
Post Time: 28th November 2016, 09:50 AM
Poster ID: josh18
Post Title: 
 Sun - Various - 0481 341 877
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sun

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : November 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : http://sydney.cracker.com.au/FemaleE...1-877/21699342

Hours of Business : No idea

Rates : [COLOR=rgb(0, 0, 0)]140/min 230/h[/COLOR]

Age : Early 20s

Size/shape : Plain

Nationality or Ethnicity : Korean

Services Provided : Massage, FS.

Value for money/recommend? : No

My experience/comments : 

When I first noticed this ad it only had face pictures and they were all the same taken in different locations. Seemed like a reasonable chance that this one was legit so tried to book. Also she seemed completely new to the whole thing, having an almost normal conversation over text? Bit bizarre.

It took about three weeks before I managed to see her. It seems that she works when she wants to and does not work very much. Finally nailed down a time and she ended up not replying to texts 5 minutes before allotted start time and about 10 minutes after so I left. Ended up driving back when she finally replied.

Her apartment was clean and shared with someone else, I assumed a working friend.

Had a shower which was down the hall and then chilled on her bed while she cleaned up. Turns out she does not look like her pictures but was cute in a chubby asian way and was quite young so I was interested. I opted for just oral and she dommed me up and started sucking. Overall quite vanilla. After a while she asked if I did not like sex (uh, yeah I hate it honey?) and ended up jumping on top and riding me. Was quite bland and she was not interesting enough to me to get much participation on my part. 

On the way out ran into another.. slimmer.. cute sounding chick who hid her face and ran away. Not other working girls, more like friends.

I would avoid. She does not resemble her pictures, she is not slim (but not huge either and still cute-ish) and is horrendously organised. Have stuck with badly organised girls in the past (nicole in parramatta) so its not a deal breaker for me, but she seemed to take it to the next level and was not all that interesting.

Sorry the sex part is so short but overall it was uninspired. Have kept an eye on her ad since I visited and she seems to move around a lot. Waterloo, Granville and somewhere else out west.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 28th November 2016, 09:08 PM
Poster ID: nextlif
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Her ad says shes in Granville...is that where you saw her?


