Thread Title: Sunny - Strathfield - 0435 363 881
Floor: #1
Post Time: 13th April 2017, 11:52 AM
Poster ID: josh18
Post Title: 
 Sunny - Strathfield - 0435 363 881
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sunny

Establishment : Private Apartment

Date of Visit : Early April 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : ?100% real pics!! independant ? korean girl new in sydney!!!! sexy hot body asian??? - Sydney escorts - cracker.com.au

Hours of Business : Did not ask

Rates : [COLOR=rgb(0, 0, 0)]$250/1hr $180/30min[/COLOR]

Age : Early 20s

Size/shape : Tall, slim, a cups

Nationality or Ethnicity : korean

Services Provided : FS

Value for money/recommend? : As advertised, decent service.

My experience/comments : Saw this ad on cracker and while her photos do not look the same, I could not find either the photos or phone number elsewhere online. With the exception of the last one which was obviously not the same girl. Put it down to make up.

Contacted her and started making my way there. I thought this girl might be working for the korean agency that is around Parramatta so asked about bbbj in 30min booking, which these other girls do not offer. *insert confusion and almost cancellation*. Rephrasing the question garnered the correct reply. My take on this (after the booking) is she is new and manages herself. New to the point that she does not understand the terminology and does not have someone else running the phone booking for her who does.

Access to her building was easy, on the north side of strathfield station.

Greeted me at the door in yoga pants and a tshirt. Not the usual getup of lingerie you expect but her ass looked great. Fairly tall with long yellowish hair and a pretty face. Her place is pretty empty but her bedroom setup is nice and clean. Sort out payment and head for a shower. Her english was also better than the other koreans around Parramatta I have visited.

Back to the bedroom and she has stripped down and her ass is still great, quite wide which was further accentuated with a slim waist. Sporting nice a cups (not the saggy variety) and trimmed bush. Onto the bed and start with some light kissing and cat bath, working down my body before jumping straight into a full on bbbj. No warm up, teasing or anything. Just go. Her action was ok but a bit samey over the course of the session. Goes to dom me up after a while but I stop her and give her some daty which she seems very receptive to. Flip back and she sucks a bit longer before domming me up. We start out missionary then girl on top then back to mish to finish. Have a chat afterwards. Under the strong impression that she is new to this but not in a shy way. Just not industry savvy yet and quite vanilla. Would see again to see if she warms up after a visit.


