Thread Title: Swedish - CBD - 0450-702-852
Floor: #1
Post Time: 20th April 2016, 07:23 PM
Poster ID: bigdickmalone
Post Title: 
 Swedish - CBD - 0450-702-852
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lex ???

Establishment : private

Date of Visit : Late Jan or early Feb 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Swedish available only today text 0477206238 - Sydney escorts - backpage.com
0450-702-852 its the number I used to setup the liaison

Hours of Business : Midday to about 6pm

Rates : $300 ph

Age : Early 20s

Size/shape : slim and tall

Nationality or Ethnicity : Swedish

Services Provided : FS, CBJ, BBBJ, CIM

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

Following up on my review of Aria, I thought I'd put this one up as well. They are both handled by the same person. (I haven't seen her ad in awhile so I assumed she left the country and so thats why I didn't post a review). 
During my usual check of Cracker and BP, I noticed her ad. Contacting and setting up a time was easy. 

Rocking up to the hotel which is in the CBD close to Hyde park, I get the room number and make my way there. Knocking on the door I'm greeting by a tall blonde Swedish girl, she isn't pretty but easy on the eyes. 
Exchange finances, have a quick chat and then go have a shower. Upon exiting she is waiting for me wearing her bra and panties. Its quite a nice sight. She does have quite a few tattoos though. We get down to business and I break one of my rules. She gives me a BBBJ which is ok but I didn't stop her. I always go for the CBJ option.
After a few minutes of that we move to missionary where I go at it. Her legs do have some subtle so when she has then wrapped around me they do scratch. Then I move her to cowgirl, sucking on her small tits (maybe a A or B size) are nice and she seems to be enjoying it. Then onto doggy which is where I do my best work. I hit it slow and hard from the back and she seems to really enjoying it being quite vocal about it. Just before I'm about to cum, I ask her to turn around and I cum in her mouth. She takes it all but rushes to go spit it out.

We have a quick break talking about Australia, her tattoos and Sweden (one of my exes is Swedish so I spent some time there). She is quite nice to talk to. 

Then we move onto round 2. Same thing but this time I go for CBJ, then cowgirl, then miss, finishing up with doggy. I cum again in her mouth but only just make it and also get some on her face. 

Overall a good punt and for $300 with CIM (and a bit of COF).

Cheers,

Big D


Floor: #2
Post Time: 18th June 2016, 11:34 AM
Poster ID: bigdickmalone
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
So I ended up seeing the Swedish girl and German again as she and the German Aria were offering CIM with swallow for $300. I'll post up the updated review for the German girl.

Same deal as before but this time was specifically after CIM with swallow which she was offering. 

Met her in the same hotel, same room as before. Had a quick shower and then down to business. Start off with BJ, then moved onto cowgirl for a few minutes, then missionary then finally to doggy style. As I'm coming I tell her to turn around and open up her mouth, where I cum into it. She then sucks my bid D and shows me the cum which she then swallows. Wow 

Now maybe I'm watching too much porn but it felt great having her suck my dick while I came and then swallowed everything. 

Round two was pretty much the same but this time I finished on her face, then put my dick into her mouth for her to continue to suck off and swallow the reminder. 

With CIM and swallow, this punt was definitely a win for me.


