Thread Title: Talia - Wentworthville - 0415 827 127
Floor: #1
Post Time: 24th October 2017, 06:01 AM
Poster ID: ipullurhair
Post Title: 
 Talia - Wentworthville - 0415 827 127
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Talia

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 17/10/2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : ?????????Talia 32 years old CIM, COF ??????? Wentworthville Westmead Parramatta Phone 0415 827 127 ??????? - Sydney escorts - cracker.com.au

Hours of Business : 24 x 7

Rates : $100 B&G, $150 30 Minutes, $200 Hour

Age : 32 (Seems about right)

Size/shape : Slightly BBW but good tits.

Nationality or Ethnicity :  Brazilian (she claims, but I'm not so sure, her accent doesn't sound like it and her english isn't great)

Services Provided : Full Service, BBBJ, DEEPTHROAT, CIM.

Value for money/recommend? : Good value for the B&G but not so much for full service

My experience/comments : 

I've seen her a couple of times now and she's always very bright and cheerful and talks and laughs a lot and seems genuinely happy to see me.   


Although she does talk a lot, once it's time to get down to business she doesn't mess around.   She is one of the best at giving sloppy, gagging deepthroat that I've had in a long time.   She even goes so far as to put my hands on the top of her head so that I can ram her face down onto my cock and deeper into her throat, which is a huge turn on.  

I'm usually mostly only interested in oral but have done full service with her twice.    She seemed rushed and seemed a bit fake when we fucked but she really seems to take her time and is happy about doing a good job at BBBJ.

Some of the other good things that I enjoy about her is that she's always freshly showered when she answers the door (like she JUST got out of the shower, hair still wet) and that she has a separate room set up in her apartment just for business.   She's also always very responsive on when I message her.

As far as looks go, she's maybe a 5 out of 10, which isn't great, but sometimes WHAT a girl will do is more attractive than what she looks like, so based on her oral skills, I would bump her up to an 7 our of 10 I guess on my own personal rating scale.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 10th November 2017, 05:41 PM
Poster ID: looking4fun
Post Title: 
 Talia - Wentworthville
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Talia

Establishment : Apartment/Incall

Date of Visit : October 30

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0415827127

Hours of Business : 7 til late (around 9pm)

Rates : Quick Service (blowjob/cof/cim) 100, Full service 30min 150

Age : Late 30's

Size/shape : Chubby/Busty

Nationality or Ethnicity : Brazilian (so she says) but i can almost garentee she is of an south Asian heritage (most likely sri Lankan or Indian)

Services Provided : BBBJ with COF/CIM, Full Services

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : Had been Rained off from work in the morning so i decided to give her a test and see how things go, i text her for a quick service, and she responded fairly quickly, but was busy and said give her 30 minutes to be available, so i texted her 30 minutes later... and she was still busy and said another 15.. after that she was thankfully good to go and i arrived at her appartment. in a fairly busy area in wentworthville, really new luxury appartments. i got buzzed in took the elevator to her appartment and was greeted at the door, i dont know if she just moved in but god was it shady lol, the appartment was completely empty except for her room which had a bed and ALL her belongings in it, anyway i pulled down my pants and shes used some clean wipes to wipe it off before she went to work, it felt good and she didnt mind me being abit rough, forcing her to gag and such, i asked if i could get ontop of her and facefuck her and she agreed this went on for a good 5 minutes or so and i was ready to cum, so i asked if i good cum on her face which she agreed, it was all in all a pretty quick visit, but the service was good and i got what i wanted with no real hassle besides waiting for her to be available. ill probably see her again in the future and go for full service.


