Thread Title: Tania - Bass Hill - 0411 844 810
Floor: #1
Post Time: 14th August 2016, 08:34 PM
Poster ID: gim
Post Title: 
 Tania - Bass Hill - 0411 844 810
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : TANIA

Establishment : PRIVATE

Date of Visit : LATE JULY 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : (M) 0411 884 810 / RYDGES HOTEL BASS HILL / FOUND HER AD. ON CRACKER ??NEW????TANIA Sexy, cheeky MILF. Let's have some fun. Life's too short.?? TUES/WED/THURS??CALL ME?? - 47 - Escort Wiz

Hours of Business : SELECTIVE DAYS / LATE MORNING UNTIL 9.00PM

Rates : $230.00 PER HOUR

Age : 49

Size/shape : SIZE 8 / SLIM / PERKY B CUPS

Nationality or Ethnicity : AUSSIE

Services Provided : CBJ / FULL SEX / TOYS WHICH ARE EXTRA

Value for money/recommend? : YES / YES

My experience/comments : 

I found Tania's ad. on cracker (sorry not up to doing cut and paste) and contacted her on her mobile number.

She rang me back after about an hour and apologised for the delay but apparently her phone had been going crazy.

Set up an appointment for later in the day and she tells she is working out of Rydges Hotel on the Hume Highway at Bass Hill.

On arrival I ring her for the room number and to make sure the coast is clear.

I enter the hotel through the main entrance and walk straight past reception the elevators. The set up is good because the hotel is big and you look just like another guest.

I go up to her room and I am meet by a petite brunette with an attractive face. Tania is immediately welcoming and greets me with a nice kiss to say hello.

She is friendly and chatty and straight away I feel at ease with her.

We sort the financials (I chose an hour without extras which cost $230.00).

The room is only small and the bathroom has a shower over the bath. Tania suggests I am better to strip of in the main room because there is a chance my clothes could wet whilst using the bathroom.

Anyway back from the shower and I hope onto the bed and Tania joins me and asks what sort of service am I looking for and I reply GFE and immediately she starts with some very nice kissing. Tania is petite with B cup breasts so she is not large but her breasts are still perking and in good shape for a women of her age.

Kissing leads to oral sex which is CBJ from her but her technique makes up for any disappointment that may come from not receiving a BBBJ. 

She then hops on top for a 69er which we find mutually enjoyable. I am feeling the urge to come and as I am  mostly one shot wonder these days I ask her for a break and she agrees and we return to kissing and cuddling and then some friendly easy going conversation.

After the break we resume with another 69er before she mounts me for sex in the cowgirl position. Tania has nice tight shaven pussy and we are soon into a nice rhythmic thrusting and riding motion until I blow my load.

A clean up and and some more talking before my time is up.

Overall I thought it was a really nice experience and I would definitely see her again.

If you are thinking of booking Tania read her ad. on cracker beforehand because it is a good no bullshit ad. She clearly states what she does and doesn't do.

She only works on selective days and puts an ad. up on cracker when she is working.

The photos are of her and are recent. She states she is 49 and I would believe her. In fact I think she could get away with lowering her age a bit.

From our conversations I believe she has been in the industry for about ten years as she seems to have worked at most of the mature aged establishments around Sydney so some guys out there might already know her by some other name.

Anyway if do book her treat her well and with respect because she is a nice lady.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 18th October 2016, 08:18 AM
Poster ID: Stanleylovesmilfs
Post Title: 
 Tania - Bass Hill - 0411884810
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Tania

Establishment : PWL

Date of Visit : 14/10/16

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : http://sydney.cracker.com.au/FemaleE...d-fri/16129895

Hours of Business : by appt

Rates : $230 p/h

Age : 50's

Size/shape : petite b cups size 8

Nationality or Ethnicity : European 

Services Provided : f/s, dfk, cbj

Value for money/recommend? : ok

My experience/comments : found her on cracker, looked good online, made contact initially by txt then booked by phone. Got to the room did the paperwork. Got some nice fk no dfk, was put off by smokers breath. Got in bed and got a light cat bath which was followed by a cbj, extreme suction! Got some cowgirl followed by misssionary which then followed by doggie, I blew the load got a light masssge then went at it again and ended up blowing missionary. Not a bad service, not great not looking to return as it was a little robotic for my liking.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 21st March 2017, 08:03 PM
Poster ID: savour01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Tania

Establishment : PWL

Date of Visit : 21/3/17

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : http://sydney.cracker.com.au/FemaleE...d-fri/29247347

Hours of Business : by appt

Rates : $130 - 1/2

Age : 50's

Size/shape : petite b cups size 8

Nationality or Ethnicity : European 

Services Provided : f/s, dfk, cbj

Value for money/recommend? : ok

My experience/comments : Was horny travelling to work this evening so pulled over and called a few WL in the area. First 3 choices didn't answer so got to Tania. Asked how long and when, I said could be there in 10 mins and she said ok I'd have to be quick because she had someone booked in 40 mins time.

Turned up a few mins before my booking and she was pretty flustered. Said I had rushed her. Felt like saying I could leave. Strip for a shower, she wont stop talking about my dick and how it prob wont fit in her.

After shower lay on the bed, says only light kissing because I have a bit of stubble and she doesnt want a rash. Honestly, her body is very saggy. As someone appproaching 30 she is probably my oldest conquest so far and not a fan hey. "I have fantastic perky, natural B cup breasts that could be on the body of a 20 year old." yeh maybe, but pretty much everything else was saggy and wrinkly.

Bit of kissing while she pulled me off, asks if I want a BJ. Gets out the condom for CBJ. I just wasnt feeling it hey, seemed like lots of conditions and demands and combined with the saggy body I was barely hard. She asks if 69 would be better so did that for a bit. Again, bit different to what I'm use to with younger girls.

I suggest she use her toy while I watch, she even puts a condom on that. I finally get hard and tell her to get on "oh no your way too big, only way we could is you on top". So I dom up, get on top. Can't even put her leg up. Was straight star fish. After a few mins it goes back down so she plays with my balls while I wank over her tits.

Probably only in her room for 20-25 mins including shower, financials and small talk. My first 50+ and wasn't a fan.

Cheap rates so not bad for a quick one but I wont be back.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 21st March 2017, 10:54 PM
Poster ID: Clamboy
Post Title: 
 Tania Bass Hiil 0411884810.
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Tania

Establishment : 

Date of Visit : 2/2/2017

Contact Details 0411884810.

Hours of Business : TUESDAY, WEDNESDAY AND FRIDAY Till 9pm

Rates : 1/2 130, 3/4 160, 1hr 190

Age : 49

Size/shape : Athelitic

Nationality or Ethnicity : 

Services Provided : Sex and massage

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments :Ok popped into Bass Hill and had a great time with Tania she gives a great service and is an easy person to talk to which i think is important as i hate Chicks that just sit there and are duds and there are a heap of them out there.  Clean premises graet blow job and a very happy ending i couldnt ask for more. she has pictures u on cracker if u wanted to see what she looks like and u wont be disapointed


