Thread Title: Tanya - Outcalls Camden - 0497 691 692
Floor: #1
Post Time: 30th May 2016, 09:50 PM
Poster ID: Bluey651
Post Title: 
 Tanya - Outcalls Camden - 0497 691 692
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Tanya

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 22/05/2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : ****Outcalls Camden n Surrounding Areas**** - Sydney escorts - cracker.com.au

Hours of Business : Not Listed

Rates : $150 - $180 per hour depending on travel

Age : Ad says 38. Older I think

Size/shape : Short and chubby. I don't think the pictures are her.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie / Kiwi

Services Provided : Bodyslide, BBBJ, FS, DATY, no kissing

Value for money/recommend? : Cheap and a little cheerful

My experience/comments : Visiting Camden area for work. I was feeling toey and all I could find and contact was Tanya. She was easy to contact and easy to talk to. I felt comfortable with her so I arranged for her to visit me.

Tanya was on time but did not appear to have the same shape as the lady in her ad. None the less, she had rolled up and her face was not unattractive. We settled the monies and talked for a little while.mshe is a little bit Bogan but. It full on. Again, she was easy to talk with.

Tanya then started to undress. She is very short and has a round white belly. Her breasts are droopy and not great. Her nipples were magnificent. I really enjoyed my time with her nipples. She was round but not Walruss like. More like a Harp Seal. 

After a while she decided to offer a BBBJ. She took ages to position herself between my legs as I lay back. Her BBBJ was amazing. Slow and deep with lots of tongue work and no teeth. This was interspersed with lots of ball and shaft licking. Although not a stunner, her BBBJ was worth the price of admission. I then went for some DATY. It took a little while but she eventually came. Quite loudly. Not great when you are in hotel room.

It was then I decided to beat this Harp Seal with my club. Unfortunately my club was inadequate enough to cause any real damage. She actually seemed to be enjoying it. After Mish, side saddle and doggy I eventually blew into the bag. We chatted some more and she left.

If you want a stunner. Do not call. If you want a great BBBJ and average FS for around $160 per hour then call Tanya.


