Thread Title: Tara - Sydney CBD - 0424 655 577
Floor: #1
Post Time: 21st September 2016, 10:19 PM
Poster ID: Donjon
Post Title: 
 Tara - Sydney CBD - 0424 655 577
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Tara


Establishment : Private


Date of Visit : Early Aug 16(Forgot exact day)


Contact Details/Address/Weblink: 0424655577 - Locanto - http://sydney.locanto.com.au/ID_9396...ble-today.html


Hours of Business : Not sure


Rates : $250/hr


Age : Late 30s


Size/shape : Petite, pale skin


Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie


Services Provided : FS, CBJ(see comments)


Value for money/recommend? : Stay away


My experience/comments : Off late I like to try not so popular girls for GFE hoping that it will turn out something good. But this is one hell of disappointment


Sunday afternoon tried few WLs from locanto, Tara promptly replied back and booked for 5pm


I messaged her once I'm infront of the building. she let me into her studio. This apt is in Glebe and is very strange old studio(bathroom is shared between other studio apts in the floor, she said 220/week). I went inside, she was wearing tshirt and jean, room is messy, she was drinking. I didn't like the setup and she is not the one in the photo(check face pic). I'm disappointed after a long drive and for $250, but always a gentlemen I didnt show nothing in my face, settled the reward - $250


After that she said will finish a cigg. I said okay and we were chatting, she goes for the second, almost 15 mins in and I already lost the interest.


Finally she finished and asked me to remove clothes and she started to undress. She is not attractive at all(I'm sure for others too). Pale skin and the face pic in the ad is not definitely her.


She asked to lie down in the bed and she started shaking the johny for like 10 secs and put dom. But during the booking I she agreed for bbbj, I asked her why she is adding condom she said bbj is actually cbj and said "I have a boyfriend, I have to save this for him". I'm like WTF. May be I'm black skin, she may not like, but I'm very clean. I always groom well and I'm professional.


I dont want to make fuss, thinking of quickly release and run. She continued cbj for a min this is so worse in my experience


After a min she asked to fuck in missy. This is so mechanical i want released quickly and cleaned myself with the tissue and dress up.


While leaving she said will meet you soon. I didn't even turn back and slammed the main door and came out


This is my worst punt. $250 is wasted and with added frustration and disappoinment. Please don't waste your money


Floor: #2
Post Time: 22nd September 2016, 02:16 AM
Poster ID: Lasher167
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks for toftt


