Thread Title: Tattooed Hottie - near Ouriimbah
Floor: #1
Post Time: 15th April 2018, 11:03 PM
Poster ID: defective
Post Title: 
 Tattooed Hottie - near Ouriimbah
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Not Sure of working name - did stumble across real name though

Establishment : Priv

Date of Visit : 15/4/18

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0435549904, https://nsw.locanto.com.au/ID_239772...n-with-me.html 

Hours of Business : unknown

Rates : $300 /hr

Age : 23

Size/shape : lithe

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : Not much - very dissapointed

Value for money/recommend? : No

My experience/comments :

Stumbled across an ad in the only place i know where to look since backpage went down - Locanto.

Found an ad claiming I could see a tattooed hottie and to ask for services and pics.

Quick response - pics were amazing - very very heavily inked -  which was a turn on for me as her body was lithe and taut. looked absolutely yummy.

Also convinced me with her rate of $300/hr. 

SHe is working out of a private place Ourimbah way.

Got there and it was a garage converted into a bedroom - no sign of a sink let alone a shower anywhere - asked for the money straight up then started disrobing.

seeing this beauty in front of me cast away my doubts. They would re emerge very shortly.

A quick cbj (like 30 secs quick) followed by her command to eat me out... which she wanted for about a minute... before she told me to put it in...which lasted before a minute...

you can see where this is heading... within 5 mins of my arrival she was asking me if I had come - and that she was tired.

Seeing that I had driven for an hour to see her and she had made it sound like she was all sparkles and soda pop... i was pretty pissed... which in turn killed my mood.

Why is it always the drop dead gorgeous ones that are abs duds.... at least in my experience...

any way.. after about 3 or 4 minutes of her whingeing about being tired.. i picked my clothes up.. got dressed.... and on my way out asked her why she would take an hour booking if she wasnt into it.

shee replied - guys would have usually come already.... i just did not have the energy to argue with this girl... left... in search of relief...

found myself at 5 Berkeley St (i think it is) where i found my smile (another review to follow).

Body: 10
cbj: 1 (only because it did actually happen in some form)
sex: 1 (im tired, its too big, i need to rest, i need to eat, etc etc).
WIR: Not on your life.


