Thread Title: Tessa - North Sydney- 0473 304 044
Floor: #1
Post Time: 17th April 2017, 10:14 PM
Poster ID: jono87
Post Title: 
 Tessa - North Sydney- 0473 304 044
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Tessa

Establishment : PWL

Date of Visit : April

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : http://sydney.cracker.com.au/FemaleE...lover/36397712

Hours of Business : varies, visited during the weekday evening

Rates : $250 h/h

Age : advertise as 38

Size/shape : 10-12 curvy hour glass figure

Nationality or Ethnicity : Caucasion

Services Provided : CBJ, GFE, DFK, DATY
Value for money/recommend? : 

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

Saw Tessa advertise and her figure caught my attention, as there is no review of her and I didn't want to end up with a fake I booked a half hour session. Contact her as instructed with a phone call and booking was made. No fuss very easy straight to the point and friendly.

Arrive at her place and was invited in. I was offered a quick shower. When I got back I was greeted by her in her lingerie and we started DFKing each other, we then proceed to the bed where she offered a quick massage.

As I only book a 30mins session we then move to CBJ and to 69 as i just have to test that MILF pussy. What follow next was cowgirl where she really enjoys being on top. Not long after I ask for missionary and soon blew my load.

Overall a very good session and I will definitely book a 1 hour session the next time.

YMMV.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 11th May 2018, 12:28 AM
Poster ID: Ross95
Post Title: 
 Milf Teesa Sydney
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Milf Teesa



  Establishment: private


  Date of Visit: 10/2/18


  Contact Details/Address/Weblink: Phone 0473 304 044

  Hours of Business: Weekend and Evening


  Rates:$325

  Age:36-40

  Size/shape:Petite

  Nationality or Ethnicity: Caucasian


  Services Provided: Full Service

  Value for money/recommend?: Pretty good

  My experience/comments:
  Hi there,

  Had the pleasure of meeting up with MILF Tessa. I was a bit late and she was able to accommodate me. She came in a lovely evening dress and I was particularly attracted to her curves.



  After a shower and pleasantries she started by giving me a nice back massage which quickly turned into DFK. IF you LOVE DFK this is the woman for you as every kiss throughout the session was done in this manner.



  I obliged with some DATY and can tell she was super aroused as the moaning gets louder and she had to take a couple minute break to regain her composure.  



  On went the dom for a CBJ with some light spanking on her. The highlight of the night however was her cowgirl riding. She is the absolute master of this. Her petite body made it easy for super fast pumps. I had to change positions to keep the session going. After that some deep slow missionary where she appreciated slowing down the tempo. 



  I finished with a COB and a shower together. IF you're into MILF's, I would suggest Tessa.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 11th May 2018, 04:54 PM
Poster ID: hard
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks Ross95. Your session was three months ago and may not pass muster. Can you include if she has current adverts please. Thanks.


