Thread Title: The joy of Jenna!
Floor: #1
Post Time: 21st August 2013, 11:24 AM
Poster ID: Charles
Post Title: 
 The joy of Jenna!
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jenna

Establishment : Private, Kellyville

Date of Visit : 21/08/13

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0403489488 jennahasredhair@gmail.com

Hours of Business : 9am - 3pm by appointment

Rates : 200/hr

Age : 24

Size/shape : Lovely curvy body with fabulous breasts

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie red head

Services Provided : fs, bbbj, DATY, Squirting,

Value for money/recommend? : Definitely!

My experience/comments : 

I had the privilege and pleasure of spending an hour (or so) with Jenna today - what a delight! She is a genuine and gorgeous lady, who is just great fun to be with and completely accommodating. 

When she greeted me at the door I immediately saw that the photos here do not do her justice! And, of course, what the photos can never convey is her engaging personality and intelligence - she immediately put me at ease with a pleasant chat before we headed upstairs. I then felt completely comfortable during a marvelously relaxed and enjoyable session. She quickly proved her status as a squirter simply from me sucking her fabulous tits and fingering her lovely shaved pussy! She cums so easily (and so many times!) She is also the best cock sucker I've ever come across, she gave a bbbj that was long and skillful and had me at the edge numerous times - she clearly enjoyed what she was doing (and so did I!) 

As previous reviews have made clear, in great detail, Jenna loves sex and is completely engaged and involved the entire time. And I have to say there is nothing better than having those lovely eyes look up at you while her mouth is wrapped around your cock. 

As others have mentioned, her location is easy to get to and there's plenty of parking around, and she doesn't appear to have any nosy neighbours. I look forward to many more sessions with Jenna - she is a delight not to be missed!


Floor: #2
Post Time: 21st August 2013, 12:18 PM
Poster ID: Jenna
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks Charles  and thanks for fun had this morning!!


Floor: #3
Post Time: 21st August 2013, 12:35 PM
Poster ID: Charles
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
No, I'm the one who has to thank you!


