Thread Title: Theresa - Mascot - 0422 190 054
Floor: #1
Post Time: 24th February 2010, 11:17 PM
Poster ID: sydneysouth
Post Title: 
 Theresa - Mascot - 0422 190 054
				
Post Content: 
18 yo girl, cute blond nice smile in need of ca$h , 
got own place , txt me 2 set up a time O4two,two,19OO,five,four 
not looking for much i just need to get by. 

Cut and paste from todays craigslist ad.

Theresa has just started out and today was her first day and I was her first client. So, we had to find a 'hooker' name and she decided on Theresa.
Her rates are $200 and hour $120 for the half.
Being as I was her first customer, she really was a bit unsure of what to do - but we quickly worked it out.
She offers a good service, bbbj, sex with condom, dfk, daty - very enthusiastic.
Probably a size ten or thereabouts with maybe b cups, she is carrying a little extra weight and is a smoker, but she is a really nice girl and I was more than happy with my time with her.
She asked that I not post her actual address as she is working from her home (please be discreet guys) but will happily supply details after contact. She is working from her own unit in the Mascot/Eastlakes area, not far from Sydney airport.

The short version is that while she is not an 18 year old, size eight glamour model - she's a great girl with whom I enjoyed my time. Repeat visit - yes.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 21st March 2010, 03:49 PM
Poster ID: JustaBloke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Called this girl up at about 4:30am this morning from a private number figuring its her work number and she will either be working or the phone will be off. Well she answered but was rather annoyed at the time I called although she was out, not asleep. She displayed  abit of an attitude and requested I called back at a better hour.

So I called her up this afternoon again from a private number, she sounded to be in a good mood and I apologized for the previous incident and after that she hung up on me while she was in mid sentence and didnt answer when I tried to call back.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 22nd March 2010, 01:07 PM
Poster ID: sydneysouth
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
From what I gather from a few other people, she has tried the game and may already be over it.
She saw a quite a few guys over the past weeks, but not all were that nice or complimentary and I think she may have given it away (fucking for money that is). It is her real (and only) phone!


