Thread Title: Threesome - Adelle & Elexis - 0431 011 210
Floor: #1
Post Time: 25th October 2016, 12:54 PM
Poster ID: kylebutler
Post Title: 
 Threesome - Adelle & Elexis - 0431 011 210
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Adelle & Elexis

Establishment : Private, serviced apartment near Town Hall

Date of Visit : 23 Oct 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Aussie sex toys, bestfriends. PSE* inc in F/S. DOUBLES, COF, rimming, Greek, deepthroat VIPPSE* - Sydney escorts - backpage.com

Hours of Business : Phone to ask, saw them at 12:30

Rates : 450 for 45 minutes (ended up spending an hour there)

Age : 20s

Size/shape : Adelle, petite, size 8, D cup. Elexis, tall, D cup (both girls were natural, but not firm)

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : BBBJ, Rimming (on me), ball licking, DATY, fingering, DFK, Toys, FS

Value for money/recommend? : Yea!!

My experience/comments : Messaged Adelle and got a reply about an hour later. Made a booking for 12:30 and was told 450 for 45 minutes with herself and Elexis.

Arrived at the apartment and told to wait by the extremely slow elevator. Adelle finally comes and fetches me. Up to the room, meet Elexis and have a shower.

Elexis goes somewhere (no idea where) and Adelle asks which lingerie I want her in, slutty or sexy. Chose the slutty crotchless fishnet, which she puts on and climbs on top of me, not waiting for Elexis. Starts with a BBBJ, which feels amazing and then Elexis returns and joins us on the bed.

Adelle moves into a 69 position and Elexis buries her face in my balls and ass. This feels great while Adelle is giving an amazing deep throat BBBJ, with gagging, while I'm licker her pussy. She's not shaved, but trimmed, the hair tickles my nose a little, but it's not off putting.

Adelle is one kinky woman!! She tells Elexis to carry on with the BBBJ, while she fetches this monster blue dildo with a rubber sucker on the end and shoves that deep into her pussy. Grabs my hand and puts it on the dildo, telling me to fuck her while she and Elexis give a dual BBBJ...!

After about 20-30 minutes of BBBJ heaven, Adelle doms me up and gets on in cowgirl, while Elexis plays with herself. Makes me squeeze her tits while she's bouncing up and down. She then turns around for a reverse cowgirl, but sits between my legs so it's like doggie... Lying down doggie style, this was awesome!

We change to a bigger condom, this one was a little small, and Elexis climbs on top for cowgirl. She is super tight and we have difficulty getting it in. Adelle has to help out and eventually with some more lube I enter her. 

Adelle then hen sits on my face while Elexis rides me.

I ask if we can go back to BBBJ, which they agree and whip the condom off and proceed to suck me and lick&suck my balls (at one point had to ask Elexis to ease up as it was getting sore).

Eventually I cum all over my stomach, I'm sure CIM would have been on the cards but didn't ask.

Shower and say goodbye, was there for a little over an hour. So not clock watchers at all.

Will see again!!


Floor: #2
Post Time: 25th October 2016, 12:55 PM
Poster ID: kylebutler
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Ad from backpage





			
				0431 011 210
0431 011 210

Verified reviews, recent and unedited pictures. If you are after pictures of Elexis I'm more than happy to forward some. We do not send through face pictures or selfies, asking usually offends

I'm Adelle Rogers. Your cheeky girl next door but absolute freak in the sheets. I'm a perfectly proportioned size 8 with a D cup bust and I'm filthy, raunchy and most definitely kinky. The earlier you contact me the more availability for bookings I will have

Elexis is my naughty playmate. Only 19 years young, size 10 C cup bust. Can be available for either solo or double bookings. She's certainly experienced in the cock sucking department, isnt afraid of a little choking/gagging and can squirt and loves rimming. Shes not afraid to get right in there!

My naturally high sex drive is something my clients love. Theres no faking it here, I enjoy what I do and I do it with pleasure. There's a difference between a girl who is sucking your cock just because she can or has too and a girl whos actually enjoying every second devouring it

Full service, PORN STAR EXPERIENCE inclusive in all services except the blow and go. Multiple shots, lingerie, oil massage, eye watering deep throat, strip tease, gagging, multiple positions, COB, mutual oral, spanking, name calling, rimming on me, ball licking, light rough play and more

NEW VIPPSE* includes PORN STAR EXPERIENCE and.. Deep Greek, Adelle* squirting and rimming on you, Elexis* Erotic photography and filming on a mobile device, Adelles specialty. Kissing, Water sports, giving* toys, double penetration with a toy and yourself, Adelle* fingering, dress up, roll play anything you desire, sex slavery, light bondage, submission and or domination and more

I can also offer the following;
Foot fetish, submission and domination, feminization, humiliation, threesomes, bisexual fun, prostate massage, pegging, couples, cross dressing call to enquire*

Services and rates, per girl unless stated

Blow and unload, no sex 10 minutes $ 140

Blow and unload, no sex 10 minutes $ 240 - Myself and Elexis lips wrapped tightly on not only your cock but your balls as well

For doubles prices please call or text to enquire

20 minutes $ 160
30 minutes $ 180
45 minutes $ 220
60 minutes $ 280
90 minutes $ 380

30 minutes VIP $ 350
45 minutes VIP $ 400
60 minutes VIP $ 450

When sending a text message please introduce yourself and let me know what service your after and with either myself or Elexis or both. What time you would like to book and how long you would like to book for

Short notice bookings accepted, preferably half hour notice. Please take in mind that I do not answer private numbers and time waisters will not be entertained. I apologise if I miss your call or message. Please understand that I am 100% independent, and Elexis and myself share the same work number 

We can also be available for outcalls depending on location and availablity within the CBD. Call for discuss, a travel fee may occur

Let us show you how all young girls should be, obedient keen and eager to please


Floor: #3
Post Time: 26th October 2016, 05:11 AM
Poster ID: Lasher167
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks for the review. Between this 3 some and your last which is better?


Floor: #4
Post Time: 26th October 2016, 07:47 AM
Poster ID: kylebutler
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Anya and Paige were better looking and had firmer tits, but this threesome included BBBJ and was definitely better value for money. And there was no lesbian part of this threesome, girls didn't play with each other, but perhaps that's something you have to ask for...

Anya and Paige don't have a current advert, and they didn't reply to my text, so not sure when they will be available again... Adelle advertises regularly on BP...


Floor: #5
Post Time: 5th January 2017, 06:59 AM
Poster ID: novak
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Adelle and Elexis do

Establishment : 

Date of Visit : 

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : http://sydney.locanto.com.au/ID_1156...-VIP-more.html

Hours of Business : Not sure

Rates : $500 pornstar double

Age : Early twenties

Size/shape : Adelle size 8, Elexis size 10

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : BBBJ, DFK, FS, COF

Value for money/recommend? : Fuck yes

My experience/comments : 

Oh boy, what a way to end 2016. I ticked off a naughty threesome off my bucket list. When I caught Adelle’s ad on locanto, their location literally on my doorstep, I sent out a text straight away enquiring for her and Elexis’ pornstar doubles. A few hours later I received a reply that my suggested time for the debauchery later that evening was suitable and thus a booking was set.

A few minutes early of schedule, I decided to pickup a couple of chocolate treats for the girls, its always a winner in my book. I made my way to the lobby of the hotel and just as I was about to text my arrival, I got the message they were out and running a few minutes late. At first, I thought, here we go, been there and usually the excuses keep piling up to an eventual no show but to my reassurance I was given the go ahead to come up to the room.

I walk in, an the girls are still trying to get ready for me. The outfits are on but they’re fumbling around with makeup and the room as they had just rushed in and had quick showers. No worries, my turn for the shower and I hand over the finances and receive a nice and fresh towel and shown into the well appointed bathroom which also has a lovely spa. I walk back into the room after a good clean and Adelle is ready, Elexis is still in the final stages. No worries, Adelle welcomes me to the bed, I lie down and without a word, no idle chit chat, she has my bare cock in her mouth. Zero to a hundred real quick, she has me moaning in pleasure right from the get go. What a great blow job, nice and wet just the way I like it. In a minute Elexis joins in, straight to my nuts, licking and massaging my balls with her tongue. This carries on for a few minutes and I decide I need to give Elexis better access so I make my way to the chair next to the bed, open my legs and the girls eagerly continued where they left off.

There’s a full length wardrobe mirror beside me and I’m enjoying the view, Adelle also makes sure to remind me as she reaches back and opens her ass cheeks to give me a lovely view of her goodies. There wasn’t a moment in the first session of 25 minutes where they didn’t pay attention to my cock and balls. Several times, they changed positions, with Adelle clearly ordering Elexis who obeyed diligently to either kiss me, suck my cock or my balls. Both girls are fantastic at oral and both deep throat quite well. Every moment I felt Elexis’ tonsils I’d be close to letting go. Eventually I stood up from the chair let them continue and this time I was allowed a bit of face fucking and soon enough I felt the tension build up, told the girls I was about to come and they let go, put their faces next to each other in readiness for my come. As I’m a gusher and not a shooter at most times, I missed the target area and instead ended up blowing a weeks load on both their tits.

The girls cleaned up and motioned me to the bed again. I had come so hard and so much that I thought I was spent and the three of us just ended up having a chat whilst nibbling on the choccies. I was sitting on the bed, both girls on their tummies, legs and feet dancing in the air. I had a lovely view of both their bums and I decided I was ready for another round. 

A shorter double blow job this time and I told Adelle I wanted to fuck her. Without wasting any time, the dom was on and we started off with doggie. The thing with Adelle, I discovered, is that you do not fuck her. She fucks you. I didn’t have to move standing behind her, she was there thrusting hard into me, giggling, oohing and ahhing. Even when we changed to missionary, somehow being under me, she still found a way to keep thrusting her hips into me. The same ensued when I told her to turn around, flat doggie, me on top, she was still fucking me. In a nutshell, Adelle loves to fuck.

We eventually ended up with me requesting for that double blowjob again and with that the girls were on me like flies. Despite their best attempts I wasn’t able to come for the second time but I wouldn’t fault them a bit for trying. The sense of time had all gone out the window, they weren’t watching the clock at all and had it not been for my later engagement that night, I’d probably have extended another paid hour. I left the hotel exactly after the hour was up, completely drained.

The girls are attractive, enthusiastic, friendly, willing and value for money, what more can you ask for? Enjoying getting all the attention, my only regret is that I didn’t get to eat them out or fuck Elexis or plan some moves and positions that I was day dreaming about earlier in the day but as they say there’s always next time. I’m happy to have ended the year to what was surely one of the best of my punts. The bar has been set pretty high.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 5th January 2017, 08:21 AM
Poster ID: CunningLinguist
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
The pics on the adds don't show much, I would be tempted if they had more revealing pics ...


Floor: #7
Post Time: 17th January 2017, 12:22 AM
Poster ID: ryan18
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Made a booking last Thursday for 630pm. Waited for 20 mins at the hotel lobby, tried calling and messaging multiple times. No show.


Floor: #8
Post Time: 17th January 2017, 02:21 PM
Poster ID: WOTAN01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by ryan18


Made a booking last Thursday for 630pm. Waited for 20 mins at the hotel lobby, tried calling and messaging multiple times. No show
"""



That is a pity ryan18 maybe you should check out some other. See my PM.


