Thread Title: Threesome - Paige & Anya - CBD Pitt St near Town Hall - 0491 275 914
Floor: #1
Post Time: 9th October 2016, 02:23 PM
Poster ID: kylebutler
Post Title: 
 Threesome - Paige & Anya - CBD Pitt St near Town Hall - 0491 275 914
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Paige & Anya

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 6 Oct 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : http://sydney.backpage.com/FemaleEsc...ation/19757353

0491 275 914

Hours of Business : Phone to ask, I saw them at midday

Rates : 600/hour

Age : 26

Size/shape : 10 busty (Paige), 10 tall with B cups (Anya)

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie (Paige), European (Anya)

Services Provided : CBJ, Swapping, Lesbian Threesome, DATY, DFK, FS

Value for money/recommend? : Yes!

My experience/comments: Sorry that I didn't put up a review earlier, looks like today is the last day for these lovely ladies...

Text booking, no hassles. Asked me to text 20 minutes before appointment and they'll give me the address.

Arrice and Anya fetches me from the lobby, up to the well appointed 2 bedroom.

I have a shower while the girls get ready into Lingerie. On the bed and they ask how I would like things to progress. Tell them I'm happy to take things as they come.

We start with kissing each other, Paige is reserved with her kissing but Anya is a fantastic kisser. Good DFK, with loads of tongue. I then go down for some DATY on Paige and she is very receptive. Loads of compliments on my skills and tells Anya she has to try me :-)

Anya is sucking on Paige's boobs while I'm enjoying her pussy. After a while I've had enough and want some attention for myself, so they dom me up and give a dual CBJ, each taking turns sucking my cock.

Now it's Anya's turn for DATY, she didn't respond as well as Paige, but still tasted great. I go back to Paige for more as she seemed to enjoy it more.

Fuck time and it's first missionary with Paige. She feels great and asks me to fuck her hard, which I do :-)
Condom swap and missionary with Anya, she is fucking tight!! Feels fantastic!!

After a while I'm getting tired, so lie down for cowgirl. Anya climbs on top and rides me while Paige sits on my face facing Anya. This is bliss!! So much to concentrate on!!

Switch around to doggie and Paige lies in front of Anya. I'm pounding from behind while Anya is going down on Paige.

I tell the girls I want to watch them, so they each get a toy and play with each other while I jerk off and watch them.

First it was Anya playing with Paige and then they swap around. Paige positions herself close to my face so that I can lick her some more while playing with myself. I cum and pump a huge load all over myself!!

Shower and that's the hour up... Had fun and would definitely recommend these 2 if they return...


Floor: #2
Post Time: 9th October 2016, 02:25 PM
Poster ID: kylebutler
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Ad from backpage...

Hey Guys, 

If you're looking for some FUN FUN FUN for tonight then so are we! In Sydney for a short time.. 2 smoking hot girls looking to fulfil some of your fantasies! Thread Title: Threesome - Paige & Anya - CBD Pitt St near Town Hall - 0491 275 914
Floor: #16
Post Time: 10th May 2017, 08:20 PM
Poster ID: Fuzzynuts
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Damn, gone already...


Floor: #17
Post Time: 22nd May 2017, 01:04 PM
Poster ID: kylebutler
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Back again...

?? FINLAND & AUSTRALIAN! **2 FOR THE PRICE OF 1** ? 30mins $300/ $500hr? - Sydney escorts - backpage.com.au


Floor: #18
Post Time: 22nd May 2017, 09:59 PM
Poster ID: Fuzzynuts
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Paige & Anya

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : May 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0491 275 914 http://sydney.backpage.com.au/Female...500hr/32583317

Hours of Business : various

Rates : 300/30

Age : 30ish

Size/shape : Paige - slim with saggy tits, Anya - tall slim a cups big hips

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie (Paige), European (Anya)

Services Provided : Kissing, CBJ, HJ, FS

Value for money/recommend? : Yeah sort of

My experience/comments:

Finally broke the 3way cherry (well the FFM cherry, have done MFM before).
Have seen Paige and Anya's ad pop up from time to time and thought it'd make a budget entry into a bi-threesome experience. Got dicked about with the booking but eventually sorted it out and rocked up to their apartment near Town Hall. 
On entry Anya is tall ok looking with some European accent claiming to be Finnish (who really knows), and Paige looked nicer, smaller and I thought I detected a hint of Kiwi or maybe South African accent but I'm bad at picking those things.
After shower and into the room action starts and the girls start kissing. I join in the tryst kissing and feeling each other up as the undressing starts. 
Anya is tall, wider hips tanned, blonde and almost no boobs, while Anya is pale brunette and has boobs with too much skin and not enough meat. She also has some sort of loose stretch mark type thing going on her belly.
First thing occurs to me is how awkward it is with three as you're sort of have to think about who is doing what and when and how best to plug yourself into the mix. As the KyleButler pointed out, Anya does DFK while Paige is only a lip kisser. 
We move about a bit and eventually lie back and let the girls go to town on my cock. CBJ feels ordinary after I've had a long run of BBBJ recently, but kissing one girl while another sucks you off is nice.
There's a fair bit of FOAM and we go for FS. Again I'm struck by the dynamics of three bodies on a bed and the experience just feel odd. I'm pumping away trying to get into it, but expectation get ahead of me and I soften up a little. So I opt to let the girls go at it while I watch for a bit, but more FOAM and me overthinking it had me going nowhere.
Eventually we all lie down, have a chat and we go for a well lubed HJ which gets me going again until I blow.
Overall for $300 it's a value threesome with a couple of decent looking girls. But it felt a bit forced and although the girls put it a good effort I didn't buy into the same way I do with some other punts.


Floor: #19
Post Time: 26th May 2017, 11:51 PM
Poster ID: zylon
Post Title: 
 Anya & Paige - Town Hall , Sydney (touring) - 0491 275 914
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Anya & Paige

Establishment: Independent

Date of Visit:24/5/17?

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: https://scarletblue.com.au/escort/anya

Hours of Business: Anya and Paige are touring, she was in Sydney but best to contact her

Rates: $500

Age: 25-30?

Size/shape: Slim

Nationality or Ethnicity: Finnish & Australia

Services Provided: Full Service

Value for money/recommend?: Yes

My experience/comments:
Will keep it short and brief, Anya is a Finnish blonde with natural tits and Paige is an Australian brunette.

I am stumbled onto these forums looking for reviews on them, but couldn't access them due to my access levels and decided to give them a shot anyway.

Both girls were lovely and who can complain about two on one - though at times the action was focused on the two of them.

I had heard them gave BBBJ but I was given a CBJ followed by cowgirl and mish. Good DFK from Anya but Paige was not keen on any DFK, so I let it slide.

Fun experience, the hotel they were staying at was decent - would be interested to see how my review compares.


Floor: #20
Post Time: 27th August 2018, 02:47 PM
Poster ID: kylebutler
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
The girls are back and Anya is pregnant...!!

Website says available from tomorrow, but then also says touring Sydney from 19 Sep.
I will try find out more details and book to see them, never had a pregnant chick before, one for the bucket list...

https://www.escortsandbabes.com.au/P...nt/Anya_Paige/


Floor: #21
Post Time: 28th August 2018, 01:05 PM
Poster ID: kylebutler
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Confirmed via txt message (they’re quick to reply):

Hey! We will be there together between the 19th and the 21st of September. It will be our last tour a while. Hope to see you then


Floor: #22
Post Time: 17th September 2018, 03:52 PM
Poster ID: kylebutler
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
So... texted to make a booking for their Sydney trip, only to be told that Paige couldn’t make it, so it’s just preggers Anya in Sydney...





			
				Hey! Unfortunately Paige can't join me this time. We will be touring together again next year after my baby break.
			
		

Probably not going to book, as I wanted the Threesome... But if any punters want a 30+ week pregnant lady, Anya is available...


