Thread Title: Threesome - Hot European Duo - 0432 089 351
Floor: #1
Post Time: 21st November 2016, 03:52 PM
Poster ID: kylebutler
Post Title: 
 Threesome - Hot European Duo - 0432 089 351
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : They told me their names, but I can't remember. 

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 21 November 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : http://sydney.backpage.com/FemaleEsc...-time/20110048

Hours of Business : Went at 12pm

Rates : $600/1 hour

Age : 20s

Size/shape : Medium Build, busty C and D cups. One was a little chubby on the tummy and hips, nice squeezable

Nationality or Ethnicity : European (Ukraine)

Services Provided : BBBJ, DATY, DFK, Fingering, FS, Dual cuddle

Value for money/recommend? : Yes, with caveat

My experience/comments : Just a heads up, these are not the girls in the photos. All other description was okay, but definitely not the girls in the pics. Saying that, I didn't walk because they were European, in their 20s and cute.

Paid the $600 and had a shower. The apartment is on Kent st and very nice. Clean. Head to the bed and both girls are still fully clothed. The first one with the C cups starts kissing my (nice DFK, but she is obviously a smoker, slight ashtray taste). The second girl is undressing. We swap so that C cups can undress and D cups and I start kissing (much better taste). They both leave their stockings on and C Cups lies on the bed.

I move to the bed and give some DATY to C Cups while D Cups plays with herself. Great taste and I enjoy myself for about 10 minutes. Swap to D cups and she tastes just as good.

I decide I want some attention so lie down and C Cups gives a nice BBBJ, while I'm kissing D Cups. Nice long BJ, then the girls swap. D Cups gives an even better BBBJ.

Dom on and C Cups rides me in cowgirl while D Cups alternates between playing with herself and kissing me. Swap and condom change and D Cups gets on and fuck she's tight! Feels amazing and I eventually blow in this position.

The girls clean me up and we cuddle on the bed. Tickling and chatting to each other. They've been in Sydney for about 3 weeks. D Cups has a big dream catcher tattoo on her back.

I shower and leave just under the 1 hour mark.

So I recommend them, although they're not quite as hot as they're advert.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 21st November 2016, 03:53 PM
Poster ID: kylebutler
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hi there,

We are young and beautiful girls with exceptional talents. We know how to provide our customers with an exceptional pleasure, so for sure you will be delighted with this meeting. We are proffesional escorts with a great body with curves in all the right places. Our sweet smile immediately can enchant you and will encourage you to continue playing with us . Our courage and open-mindedness will make your appointment filled to the brim with memorable adventures. 

30min- 450 aud 1h- 600 aud 


Please CALL or TEXT for more information 0432 089 351

Incall/ outcall possible
Poster's age: 20
			
		

Quoting the ad from Backpage...


