Thread Title: Threesome -Abby & Carla - 0413 905 944 - DO NOT USE!! CON ARTISTS
Floor: #1
Post Time: 23rd May 2016, 09:03 PM
Poster ID: kylebutler
Post Title: 
 Threesome -Abby & Carla - 0413 905 944 - DO NOT USE!! CON ARTISTS
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Abby & Carla

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 23 May 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Double is always good than one - Sydney escorts - backpage.com

Hours of Business : ?

Rates : 500/hour - but was told to leave the apartment after 30 minutes

Age : Ad says 20s but they're late 30s

Size/shape : Not petite, more like size 10 than 5 like the ad describes

Nationality or Ethnicity : Apparently Korean and Viet

Services Provided : CBJ, FS

Value for money/recommend? : HELL NO - STAY AWAY FROM THESE CON ARTISTS

My experience/comments : So, I was browsing backpage looking for something interesting and came across this ad for a threesome. Text'd the number and got a reply straight away. 500 for the hour and they are available at the time I requested. Told they're near Wynyard and must text when I'm there and they'll send me the address.

I text from Wynyard and they reply saying they're at 57 York Street, Level 7, Unit 28.

Go up the elevator and knock on the door - there is some talking/yelling going on, so I wait and then knock a little louder. A woman answers the door and doesn't look anything like the advert... Should have just walked there and then, but the Viagra was speaking and I decided against my better judgement to enter the apartment.

The lady directs me to a bedroom and asks if I want 2 ladies. I reply yes and pay the $500. She says to take a shower. The apartment is clean and the bathroom isn't disgusting. Shower and return to the bedroom. She asks if I want covered or natural "suck". I ask for natural and she says extra $50. I only have $20 on me, but no haggling. So say that covered will be fine.

She starts with a CBJ, and it's actually pretty good. A few minutes into it and another girl enters the room - this was the highlight of the session. Being walked in on by a woman while another woman was sucking my cock was quite a turn on. She was wearing a cute little Korean schoolgirl outfit, so I thought things had taken a turn for the better....

It was all down hill from there...

She comes over and starts sucking my nipples. Doesn't let me touch her pussy. The first woman then climbs on in reverse cowgirl and I ask the second to sit on my face - she says extra $50 to "lick"... So she stands over me and slaps her pussy but doesn't let me touch.

This goes on for a little while and we switch to mish. The second woman is behind me and playing with my balls as I'm pumping away. Switch again to doggie and the second woman is now burying my face in her tits. I decide not to hold back and cum into the dom, thinking that it's only been 15 minutes, I should be able to have a rest and then a second session with the second woman.

Um no....

They ask if I want a shower - I say not yet, rest a bit.

So the first woman leaves and I don't see her again. The second gives a crap massage and at the 30 minute mark (thanks to the Martin Place Bell that I could hear, so I know it was half an hour), she leaves and tells me it's time to leave.

So I tell her that I pay for 1 hour, but only get 30 minutes. She tells me to leave. I ask for half the money back and they refuse....

So, not sure what to do... I leave before this escalates... I felt so ripped off - will never use a private advertiser again and will instead stick to good quality establishments... Fucken con artists :-(


Floor: #2
Post Time: 23rd May 2016, 09:40 PM
Poster ID: Fuzzynuts
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hard luck mate, but it's fairly well known that those ads for Asians with Pro photos of models who obviously aren't the girls on offer, with the phone number printed over the top, and the $180/30, $250/60 rates are a con.
Lesson learnt, hopefully others will learn from your experience.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 24th May 2016, 11:17 PM
Poster ID: Fred Vile
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks for the post, sometimes these type of reviews are more valuable (in saving money) then reviews of fantastic experiences.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 26th May 2016, 11:34 AM
Poster ID: payforplay
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Walk Walk Walk...................i know its to late to say this but WALK.................not what it was you organised. All the signs where there then WALK>..........
You would of found the same up the road for 1/2 the price & been far happier.
Walk Walk Walk.
Thou its really good these reviews, even if it saves 1 punter & deprives the girls of easy money then the job is done.

Best of luck,,,,really need a thread for these really bad punts...so we can maybe laugh, smirk or cry i dont know lol.

P4P


Floor: #5
Post Time: 26th May 2016, 12:53 PM
Poster ID: kylebutler
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks for the replies all...

I've been trying to put up some warning ads on backpage, but they just get ghosted (ad says its live, but not shown in the results)... Guess backpage only like paid for ads...


Floor: #6
Post Time: 26th May 2016, 03:07 PM
Poster ID: reggid
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Just avoid Asian ads that show blatant bs pics.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 28th May 2016, 11:43 AM
Poster ID: tbh
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Kylebutler, I think the best revenge is to make a long booking on a Friday/Saturday night... and not turn up.


Floor: #8
Post Time: 31st May 2016, 11:01 PM
Poster ID: Franklyat
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
i always google search these ads, never trust them - bad grammars, spelling mistakes and fake pics and fake ages


Floor: #9
Post Time: 1st June 2016, 08:14 AM
Poster ID: Jsomeone
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
If it is too good to be true it's not
from the advert - 



			
				Carol is a dancer. Long Dark brown hair size 6 and 32DD naturals.
			
		

Asian with natural 32DD lol

not even sure that it's physically possible to have DD breasts and only a 32inch bust


