Thread Title: Tiffany Malone - Sydney - 0402 292 859
Floor: #1
Post Time: 12th February 2013, 04:25 PM
Poster ID: debonaire
Post Title: 
 Tiffany Malone - Sydney - 0402 292 859
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name:Tiffany Malone

Establishment: private

Date of Visit:25/1/13

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: 0402292859

Hours of Business: Contact Tiffany

Rates:$300

Age: Late 20's

Size/shape:Average

Nationality or Ethnicity: Greek

Services Provided: Full Service

Value for money/recommend?: Service felt a little rushed

My experience/comments:

Hey guys this is my first review for 2013. So I'll start off with the fact that I tried contacting Tiffany on a thursday but she didn't pick up so I left her a text message to which she replied the day after. From there it was easy contacting her to organise a booking for the friday. Tiffany was easy enough to organise a time with and I organised a 1.5 hour outcall to my apartment later that afternoon. That afternoon she showed up wearing a skimpy outift and high heels, but from first appearance she was not the girl from her photos on her cracker add. In terms of build I would say she was of average build with plastic DD's and a little bit of a tummy. She did however smell of cigarette smoke so if that's a turn off for you guys its something you may want to ask her about before booking in. Looks wise she was average and I'd hazard a guess and say she wouldnt be alot of peoples cup of tea as a package.

Anyways, after a quick chat she got straight down to business and started me off with a cbj. No DFK was really on offer and it wasnt long before we were in bed with her on top where she straddled me pretty darn hard in cowgirl before we moved onto mish and finished with doggie. After a short break I requested that because there was still just under an hour to go that we go at it again after a short break and that we did. Round 2 was not as vigourous but I manged to get one off anyways. After this round she basically started getting ready to leave with still around half an hour left on the clock and this just added to what felt like a rushed and somewhat clinical experience.

So overall I will just say this was a very very average punt and I wouldnt be giving her a call again. The service was rushed and the girl herself wasnt that good looking so I would say it wasnt really value for money.


