Thread Title: Tiger Lily - (pregnant)  - Newcastle - 0434 430 762
Floor: #1
Post Time: 23rd February 2018, 02:55 PM
Poster ID: Bowrider
Post Title: 
 Tiger Lily - (pregnant)  - Newcastle - 0434 430 762
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name :  Tiger Lilly


Establishment :  Private ad but working in establishment


Date of Visit : 17 Jan 2018


Contact Details/Address/Weblink :  ?? Sexy Pregnant Escort. Come and Play with Me ?? - Newcastle escorts - cracker.com.au


Hours of Business :  several days per week


Rates :  $130 for 30 min plus $30 for pregnancy fetish


Age :  20


Size/shape :  Tall  sz 12, she would normallyt have tiny boobs (A-cup) but are swelled by her pregnancy


 Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian (European extraction - I think she said Lithuanian)

Services Provided :  FS, CBJ

Value for money/recommend? :  Yes if you want a experience a young, pregnant lady but her pregnancy limits her enthusiasm and performance.

My experience/comments : 
Tiger Lilly has already been reviewed in the establishment but I found her via cracker (her own ad) so is essentially a PWL. Her photos are real.

Tiger is a very likeable young lady but her pregnancy is a problem as she cannot get into many positions and DATY & kissing is not allowed.

I went there for the experience although I found out about the limitations after paying the establishment manager $130. I was told to have the $30 fetish fee ready to hand to Tiger Lilly. I was disappointed with the limitations but still enjoyed my time with her. She is very tall and very pregnant. I think she said she will deliver at start of April. She said she might just to massages soon after our session but is still advertising for FS.

I undressed her slowly while feeling her plump ass and baby bump. My cock was so hard it ached. I kissed her ass cheeks as I removed her g-string panties. Then I remove her lingerie top to reveal her small breasts but bulging puffy nipples. She allowed them to be gently licked and sucked.

We cuddled while standing but she kept my cock away from her pussy area then we laid on the bed. She is waxed and smooth.

After cuddling and a bit of small talk she dommed me up for CBJ while I rubbed my hands all over her body within reach. Then she put some lube on my cock and slowly climbed on and mounted me cowgirl style. She wiggled on me for a short time but didn't seem comfortable so I asked to change positions. She said doggy and missionary weren't possible so I laid behind her on her side and fucked her slowly with one of her legs raised. It didnt take long for me to feel my rush of cum spurt into the bag. The sight of her and feel of her bump was great.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 25th May 2018, 04:24 PM
Poster ID: payforplay
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
It is funny how sessions can be totally different.
I was in Newcastle late February for family wedding, and noticed her add in Locanto & she gave me her actual phone number as we organized a 3 hour booking that worked out to be $550 plus a house fee so all up $650.

She was pleasant & up for all normal sex activities, including daty that I really enjoyed, she did to, while explaining each day is different, she has had days where she can't have sex in certain positions, other days she can , totally enjoyed being ate out, gave good head and sex in a few positions over the 3 hours. 

I do love pregnant girls & was money well spent, a lot of chit chat & also believe a punter done the deed, back when she said she would do natural to certain clients but not all. 

P4P


