Thread Title: Tina - CBD - 0449 681 252
Floor: #1
Post Time: 27th September 2018, 11:48 PM
Poster ID: loooiii
Post Title: 
 Tina - CBD - 0449 681 252
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Tina

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 31/08/2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 

Phone : 0449 681 252

Hours of Business : 

Rates : $350 HR

Age : 25

Size/shape : slim, thin. 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : DFK, BBBJ, GFE, CIM, COF

Value for money/recommend? : Yes!!!

My experience/comments :

Booked an hour with Tina for $350. The price is quite dear, but I read a few things about this girl on a chinese website saying the photos were real and that she's great. When I got to the address which is a hotel near Wynyard station, I text Tina saying I had arrived. Trying to get into the actual place is kinda hard with the place being pretty upscale an everything with the concierge trying not to look too sus. In the end actually had to call her up via the concierge at the front desk that day cause she had lost her key. Spent a good 10 to 15 minutes trying to actually get the the darn room.

Anyways, when I got there she was in her pyjamas. I guess I must've been her first client that day. She said that she was all over the place cause she had lost her hotel key and apologised for not greeting me properly. (btw I speak chinese, so i don't know whether you could have a real conversation with her in english). Anyways, first things first I took a shower, and she took off her clothes in the bedroom. We had some real nice foreplay DFK, for a long time and some DATY. Her figure is quite spectacular, slim and supple breasts, small tight bum. Then went for the BBBJ. Quite intense and almost seemed like she was gonna gag for a second. Took her in cowgirl first. She grinded me a little, which was not to my taste, so I flipped her over for missionary. I realised she had some cupping scars on her back at the time, from chinese cupping therapy. They're probably be gone in a few weeks, but I don't know whether it turn some people off. It didn't bother me really, since her body was quite amazing, I looked past that. Ended up doing doggy, and the missionary again and just had to let go in her. Had 10 or 15 minutes to spare and gave a light massage. The last 10 to 15 minutes she was mostly on her phone, and had to invite another girl into the room, most likely a roommate or a threesome for another client. When I left she got into some lacey lingerie, so I guess there was another guy after me. Left the place with a coconut water she gave me haha. 

I probably got to see her on a not so good time I guess when she had lost her hotel keys. Girl was nice enough but was so pre-occupied with so many other things that day it seemed leading up and at the end of the whole thing. The place is also a bit complex to get to since it is a hotel which takes security into consideration. I don't really want to be having to talk to a concierge just to get onto the lift. Anyways, the girl was top notch, great figure and face, and offered a compete package service. Price might be a but costly for others, but the photos she put online are real, and your are definitely getting what you a getting. But next time I guess try to book in advance, and take into consideration the location as well since getting to the actual room for me was a bit of a pain.


