Floor: #1
Post Time: 23rd October 2013, 06:25 PM
Poster ID: corelcoral
Post Title: 
 Tina /Scarlett - Sydney CBD - 0421 031 730
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name:Tina

 Establishment: private

 Date of Visit:10/10/13

 Contact Details/Address/Weblink: An exciting touch to relax you - Full Service Available - Sydney | Escort / adult | Erotic | Cracker

 Hours of Business: all hours (I think)

 Rates: From $150 for 30mins

 Age: 20's

 Size/shape: Slim average height

 Nationality or Ethnicity: Asian

 Services Provided: Full Service and Massage

 Value for money/recommend?: Standard/Not really

 My experience/comments:

Crazy horny one afternoon and tired of spanking the monkey so I thought I'd let someone nice do it for me. Found Tina on cracker and thought the photos looked good and she offered prostate massage which was a little different.
Gave Tina a call on mobile. Phone rang a number of times and thought it was going to ring out before someone answered in a surprised voice. Asked if she was available for half an hours massage and I could be there in 10 minutes and she said ok.
Went to apartment lobby of address Tina gave me and she buzzed me in. Knocked on the door and a svelte porcelain skin Asian girl opened the door and invited me in. Tina is roughly 5'7, slim but with a curvy rump. small tits, long straight hair dyed an auburn shade and a small fine featured and pretty face.
Had a quick shower and then onto my stomach for some reasonable massage. After a few minutes she asked if I could turn over. She had removed her dress but kept her bra and panties on. Tina started massaging around my cock and balls. I then asked if she performed prostate massage which she said she did in a surprised voice but it was an extra $50. I was keen so I said yes.
Tina put a condom over her fingers and lubed them up then began to work them inside my hole. The sensation was nice but I've had better and Tina did not look all that interested. She also asked how I knew she did prostate and I said it was in your ad so that was a little strange. While fingering my butt she began to stroke my cock again and in the horny state I was in it took no time at all to cum.
Tina lay beside me for a while not touching me before I'd had enough and got back in the shower, changed and said my good byes.

I rarely punt but when I do I always get suckered into these unemotional Asian girls and the experience is always disappointing and pretty lifeless.

J.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 25th October 2013, 06:11 AM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Tina's Cracker ad,

"
An exciting touch to relax you - Full Service Available

Price: $150.00
Location: Sydney
Viewed: 2158
Date Posted: 18/10/2013
Ad ID: 404049740
Unable to Render Image Unable to Render Image Unable to Render Image Unable to Render Image

Hi Gents

My name is Tina, I offer a unique erotic sensual massage that you will find totally relaxing and stimulating. My massage consists of a combination of Erotic pleasures including a sensual nude body to body massage, exotic Tantra massage and for the those looking for a little more, I can provide a prostate stimulation that is sure to blow your mind.

You will experience new levels of electrifying orgasms as your body responds to my soft and skilful touch leaving you feeling relaxed and totally satisfied. Your mind and body will receive immense pleasure as it reaches new levels of orgasmic sensations as you are touched in a way that you have never experienced before.

My luxury CBD apartment in Sydney CBD close to Town Hall is the perfect getaway from the stresses of day to day life. My apartment is tasteful and perfectly located for a quick getaway from work. When you arrive you will feel as if you have entered heaven with erotic lighting, scented candles and soft music to set the mood for the truly memorable experience that you are about to enjoy.

A little about myself; I am 24 years old from Singapore and studying part time in Sydney. I have a size 6-8 Body, with pair of perfect breasts that are sure to excite you as I slide up your body that will take your breathe away.

I can offer some extras, please feel free to ask me about these.

I am looking forward to seeing you


Tina


My rates

$150 for 30 minutes
$200 for 45 minutes
$250 for 60 minutes

Full service $100 extra"


Floor: #3
Post Time: 25th October 2013, 09:19 PM
Poster ID: chris_miles
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
the photos on the adv are the wrong person....dont trust her....


Floor: #4
Post Time: 17th May 2016, 07:22 PM
Poster ID: urmuda77
Post Title: 
 Scarlett - town hall
				
Post Content: 
Name: Scarlett

Contact: EROTIC MASSAGE: Pleasurable, Sexy and Beautiful BodySlides - Sydney escorts - cracker.com.au

Nationality: thai

Rates: Paid 150 for half hour erotic massage + 50 for kissing. Other rates including FS in link.

Size: petite b cup breasts cute bum

Services: erotic massage, kissing, HJ

Value: I got what i paid for but i wont return

Looking around as i finished work early and stumble on this ad. Wasnt sure to put in pwl or pml as she does both. Thought the ad was good and i thought id finally land a beauty that wasnt asian.

Texted her and made arrangements including additional services. Got to her apartment near town hall station and got her details to enter her unit. Opened the door and to my surprise she was Asian! Was a tad pissed off but was too horny to care. Havnt been around lately so i was kinda desperate. She was cute though quite petite and had a red dress that hugged her. 

Had a quick shower and jumped on the bed that was covered by a towel. Pretty broken english so not much talk but i can tell she was trying. Staright down to business, gets the oil and goes straight for my thighs and a bit off tt. In less than a minute she started a slow HJ. She then leans across me and asks if i want to kiss. Well it was what i paid for so we did. Wasnt bad but ive had better. Opened her mouth a little for tongue access. 

She alternated between this and hj and was still clothed. I asked her if she was gonna take her clothes off and she said no. Wtf i pay 200 and i dont get nude? I really gottra learn to ask what kind of massage cos there are so many ads that say erotic massage and automatically you think body to body.  Well she clearly saw i was upset and i told her i was expecting body to body.  She says ok and asks me to undress her. Still in panties. She then uses her smallish tits to run them over my body and mainly my cock. Rechnique was quite good to be honest. If she showed some enthusiasm it wouldve been perfect but her body does feel amazing. 

I ask if i can touch her pussy and she says no straight up. Im not usually demanding so i said its ok. She then told me to hurry up and cum. Typical thai. Using her hand and her tits she got me over the line someone with quite an intense orgasm as she kept going and going. 

Shower and out the door. I asked her how she had been doing this and she said 4 months. We guessed each others age and she said 25 which is believeable. I asked her if she enjoyed what she did and she shook her head. I felt kinda bad when she said that as i dont like the fact there are girls who will prostitute themselves as a last resort. Kiss goodbye and out the door she was quite thankful. 

Now did i get what i paid for? Yes. Will i return? No. Not enev for FS as i bet a starfish attitude as well but she is a sweet girl. Im om the fence with this one as it was good but for the price i can get better.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 17th May 2016, 08:12 PM
Poster ID: jono87
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks for TOFTT! It's always hard when you venture into the unknown but at least it wasn't a total waste.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 17th May 2016, 09:54 PM
Poster ID: tales88
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks for the review, how did you find her face? What nationality is she?


Floor: #7
Post Time: 19th May 2016, 01:02 PM
Poster ID: urmuda77
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Cute face. Thai natio. Yea she was quite sweet but you can also tell not that into it even though she does quite a good job as described


