Thread Title: Tina - Narwee, NSW - 0434 144 916
Floor: #1
Post Time: 15th May 2016, 05:49 AM
Poster ID: lulzbrah1
Post Title: 
 Tina - Narwee, NSW - 0434 144 916
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Tina

Establishment : Private Residence

Date of Visit : 04/04/2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :  100 Real Pics??NEW NEW?? Asian??PRIVATE ESCORT - Sydney escorts - backpage.com

Hours of Business : 8am-8pm

Rates : Full Service- [COLOR=rgb(0, 0, 0)]$100 for 30 mins[/COLOR]
[COLOR=rgb(0, 0, 0)]$180 for 60 mins . Also offers massage and hj at a different rate (check link above)[/COLOR]

Age : (Ad claims 28, closer to 40)

Size/shape : (Between C-D), 50kg

Nationality or Ethnicity : Hong Kong

Services Provided : BBBJ, Protected Sex, Massage, (may offer other natural services at discretion)

Value for money/recommend? : Reasonable, not exactly extraordinary

My experience/comments : So I was looking for an asian W/L nearby and after going through listings on backpage, I finally found Tina. I called her up and she seemed to have okay English and explained that I was after a bbbj and wanted to confirm whether this was something she was open to doing. She answered affirmatively and once I got there, she seemed to have a really upbeat personality and looked genuinely happy to see me which was a big plus (given that some girls I have seen have had wooden personalities). Relatively quickly we got started with a bbbj which was lukewarm tbh, I have definitely had better but it wasn't terrible. Very light suction and she didn't go too deep. 

I asked her about CIM and she wasn't willing to do it however. Whilst I hadn't gone there for full service, what she did do was offer an unexpected alternative of natural sex for an extra $50 (which I'm guessing is at her discretion as it wasn't listed as a service and neither was bbbj), and I went for it and finished on her stomach. It was a good experience but again don't expect a lot in the way of participation, but she has a friendly demeanor. Probably won't do natural again due to risk, but it was a spur of the moment thing. 

Rating: 3.5/5 (not bad as a one-off)


Floor: #2
Post Time: 20th June 2016, 08:25 AM
Poster ID: sandsifter
Post Title: 
 Tina - Narwee -0434144916
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Tina

Establishment : Private house/Narwee NSW

Date of Visit : June 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0434144916 Locanto

Hours of Business : 8am to 8pm

Rates : Full service: include kissing, oral, massage, sex (girlfriend experience) $100 – 30 mins; $150 – 45 mins; $180 – 60 mins; EXTRA $$$ FOR MORE
           Full body relaxation include: body slide, Nice touch and hand relief $70- 30 mins; $130- 60 mins

Age : Around 30

Size/shape : Eye Colour: Brown; Height: 167cm; Body Type: Fit and toned; Dress Size: 7; Breast Size: 36D Cup; trimmed bush

Nationality or Ethnicity : HongKong

Services Provided :BBFS,massage,HJ,daty

Value for money/recommend? : Maybe but having had a think about it I will probably not return.

My experience/comments :

Was doing my usual researching through the Cracker and Locanto ads trying to unearth that hidden gem without spending the big dollars. Found Tina and after making the enquiry was booked in and on my way down the M5.

Arrived early outside a private house close to King Georges Rd M5 exit. She wouldn't let me come to the door until the appointment which was fair enough.

She opened the door in bra and panties,nice shape,slim and attractive.The house was clean but a bit sparce.She hadn't been there long so was still a work in progress. Took the offer of a shower and joined her into the bedroom.

Queen bed with thin centre cloth,wetwipes and condoms to the side. Was asked what I wanted and decided to go with a massage while I collected my thoughts.

Not the best massage but quite liked the butterfly kisses up and down the back of my body. She was now naked and I noticed she had a nice trimmed bush.

I was asked if I would like to lick pussy. Yes,don't mind if I do. On going down I did notice a little aroma,neither pleasant or nasty just different. Now this is where things went a bit strange as she started to tighten her legs on my head as I flicked my tongue on the button plus she stopped me touching her nipples and no fingers inside.After about 10 minutes I came up for air to enquire how she was? "I nearly cum,don't stop and pushed my head down again.

I decided I needed her legs apart to acheive the end game plus I can breathe a lot easier. Yet another 15 minutes went by before she shuddered to an orgasm. Now I completely lost sense of reason as she begged me to fuck her there and then and proceeded to guide the old todger between her flaps. Yes sorry guys it was uncovered. She went into cowgirl but after a few bounces went static and said she just enjoyed me being inside her whilst my hands followed the contours of her ass and back. This went on for about 5 minutes even though I tried to get some friction going again.

No kissing and she didn't really make eye contact plus she would place her head to the side of mine so as not to look at me I guess. Then she decides I need to come and positions herself like she's on a pogo-stick.Fortunately my brain sense came back and I withdrew before I came and let her finish me with a hj. A bit of clean up,jumped into the shower and was on my way with 55 minutes on the clock.

It wasn't until I thought about it after that it might have been that I didn't appeal to her as she found it hard to fake it. She is a little inexperienced if he wants to provide fs and there's a lot of competition out there but she might click better with other punters. My only regret was I didn't get to try her Bj


