Thread Title: Tina- St Marys - 0498 193 355 (sms only)
Floor: #1
Post Time: 12th September 2015, 03:24 PM
Poster ID: neo277
Post Title: 
 Tina- St Marys - 0498 193 355 (sms only)
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Tina

Establishment : Incall at private unit in St Marys Western Sydney 

Date of Visit : 09/09/15

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0498193355 (sms only)

Hours of Business : incalls vary, claims outcalls from 9pm most nights

Rates : 1/2 hour $60, one hour $100

Age : 44

Size/shape : 16 - 18

Nationality or Ethnicity : Caucasian 

Services Provided : Full service

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments :

Have seen this ladies ad pop up on Cracker over the last month or so claiming full service for only $60, tried texting her initially about a month ago but no response, tried again about 2 weeks ago and got a response this time but couldn't line up a suitable time. Tried again when I was feeling toey on Wednesday and she replied that she was free at 4pm and how long would I like? I told her 30 mins and she replied with the address and said see you then, booking was easy and her replies were fast and well written.


She is located in a private block of units in St Marys, I parked on the street but it was difficult to find a spot, walked up the driveway and up the stairs to her apartment, no buzzing in necessary just straight up, pretty discrete location. Tina greeted me at the door dressed in black lacy lingerie, she is a larger woman as stated about a size 18 I'd say, face is a bit harsh but she has a pleasant and friendly nature. Her unit is very neat and tidy, she led me to her bedroom which was clean and told me to lay down on the bed, made some small talk and she then asked for the money, gave her the cash and she layed next to me on the bed and went straight into a DFK which was pretty good, things progressed along and she undressed me and started playing with my cock whilst I rubbed her clit in return, she has a nice smooth pussy with big lips and large swollen clit, she got very wet very quickly and then moved down and gave me a natural suck which was too brief for my liking, she swallowed my cock whole without gagging and bobbed up and down a few times but about after 45 seconds she said "just fuck me" in a sexy tone.

She layed down on the bed and I climbed on top and we started more DFK, she pushed my head down and told me to lick her nipples which I happily obliged, she then started rubbing my cock up and down on her wet pussy which felt amazing, I asked for the dom and she put on for me, entered her and fucked away in missionary for a about 10 mins alternating between hard and fast and slow and steady, she seemed to be genuinely enjoying it and continued the DFK the whole time, I asked her if I could cum on her pussy and she replied "fuck yes" so I took the dom off and jerked off whilst she played with herself, I told her I was about to cum and she spread her pussy lips open and I shot a thick load all over her pussy. About 20 mins had passed in total and I got up and got dressed thanked and left, no massage was offered but I didn't really want one anyway.

For $60 for a quick release you really can't complain, shes not exactly a looker but I love my older curvy milf type women, I would go back again and may try the hour next time. PS she only gave me her name in person so you might not want to text her saying "Hi Tina" as she will be wondering where you got her name from.




Cracker ad copied below:

Curvy Aussie!

In calls - Western Suburbs - 
St Marys...

Full Service
$60 1/2 Hr
$100 1 hr

💥  Special 15min stress relief 💥
💥  $40 for 15 minutes of relief 💥

5'10" without heels
Long black hair
DD Boobs
Size 16-18

Outcalls available every evenings after 9pm - TXT for pricing!! 

💋kisses
0498193355


Floor: #2
Post Time: 12th September 2015, 04:58 PM
Poster ID: Jonlad
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Nice work mate

What where her tits like ?


Floor: #3
Post Time: 12th September 2015, 05:14 PM
Poster ID: WOTAN01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by Jonlad


Nice work mate

What where her tits like 
"""



Search Cracker under St Marys or mobile and look the the photos.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 13th September 2015, 03:00 PM
Poster ID: FrankieLee
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Just a quick tip guys, she has another ad currently with en extra picture.

Escort.Syd Metro, Sydney, West Sydney..candy

Frankie.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 14th September 2015, 03:55 AM
Poster ID: sanjay69r
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Nice work neo! I saw this ad myself and was going to try her out soon. Glad to hear that she is good value for money. I was expecting a starfish at that rate  having seen the extra face photo on the ad found by frankie, she's not the worst looking pwl I've ever seen either.  If she has a decent manner she sounds like she's worth a go! Great stuff!


Floor: #6
Post Time: 15th October 2015, 06:06 PM
Poster ID: FrankieLee
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Tina

Establishment : Outcall to my place 

Date of Visit : **/10/15

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0498193355 (I only SMS'd) ?? Outcalls ONLY - BBW Curvy MILF - Outcalls ONLY ?? - Sydney escorts - cracker.com.au

Hours of Business : From 8pm every night

Rates : One hour $200

Age : 44 - I would agree

Size/shape : Ad says 16 - 18. I would say 18. Few tattoos, but nothing huge.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Caucasian 

Services Provided : Full service - but only oral for me.

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : I contacted Tina a week ago via SMS to arrange an outcall. Communication was very easy and a time was arranged and I was messaged upon her arrival.

She arrived nicely dressed (discrete) and certainly looks like the milf next door, albeit a LOT taller than most next door milfs!

A quick exchange of cash and we were straight to the bedroom and both stripped down and onto the bed. After that - the session was very oral at my request, going down on her was quite nice, she's clean and totally shaved and seemed to genuinely enjoy DATY, from there it was onto my back and on with the blowjob....very good and very deep - I wouldn't say 100% deep throat, but she sure gave it a red hot go. There wasn't a lot of ball licking and it wasn't very erotic - but that's probably just because I don't really like giving orders during the deed. 

We swapped turns giving oral to each other for a while and then a bit of spanish - she has large soft boobs which I like. 

Back and forth a bit more until I was ready to cum and she finished me off slowly with her hand. A quick clean up and we were getting dressed after about 45 minutes. Don't get me wrong - she didn't short change me on time, but the deed was done and we were both ready to be on the way. I would think if you were still going at the 59 minute mark there wouldn't be a problem.

We didn't really chat much so I can't comment on her personality other than to say she was very nice - I am sure ladies doing outcalls are possibly a bit nervous arriving to unknown places.

Would I see her again? Possibly - but I'm not usually the outcall kinda guy. But for $200 to your door - it was certainly good value for money. She only tells you her name after a couple of messages, so don't open with "Hi Tina"

Cheers, Frankie


