Thread Title: Titi - Bass Hill,  NSW - 0410 861 757
Floor: #1
Post Time: 8th April 2016, 10:24 AM
Poster ID: ColKilgore
Post Title: 
 Titi - Bass Hill,  NSW - 0410 861 757
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Titi

Establishment : Motel room in Bass Hill

Date of Visit : 7th April '16

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : A True Beauty with an amazing body - Vietnamese girl - - Sydney escorts - cracker.com.au

Hours of Business : 10-midnight

Rates : $90/30min BJ/massage. $200/ 30min FS

Age : around 30 i'd guess

Size/shape : 6, slim, bolt-ons.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Vietnamese

Services Provided : CBJ/ 'bodyslide-massage'/ HJ and giving false hope.

Value for money/recommend? : May get better but not worth risking the coin to find out again.

My experience/comments : 


Her pics are real, but I had to find out for myself. Every now 'n then it's time to throw caution to the wind n stick a few notes in the pocket with the dawning realisation this will not be a straightforward punt. Texted her the previous night to get the jist of things and decided to check her out the day after.

Organised a time with her, found the correct room and knocked. If she's fat I'm walking. Or old, frumpy, maybe all three together... Instead, what greeted me was a slim figure inside a red dress that sported cutouts down each side. Tits bulging out the front with button nips winking at me.

Did I walk? Of course.... Straight in.

Couldn't really believe my eyes, and that's where it should've stopped but somehow we arranged 1hr @$150 for bodyslide, bj, massage. blah blah - me 'have good time darling..' I was in that 'yeah fuck it you never know' mood, and I wasn't ready to get my shit together within 30mins and leave again.

She got her kit off right away after she felt the fibre of my fabric and I was left fumbling away on my own in the corner. I looked up to see a cooking timer being wound up. I was being set to be removed 55mins later, hopefully fully risen and baked. I went over and wound the thing round a bit more to 1hr for a giggle but it got put back again. Probably to 54mins. Laughing, she said made excuses why... all the usuals. Negotiating obviously comes with a time penalty. Soon naked on the bed we got acclimatised although she'd also somehow activated a magnetic forcefield that stopped her getting any closer than was felt necessary. About 20cm to be exact, so as gently as I coaxed, she'd go rigid and lock her joints out at any hint of our bodies intertwining, starting a monologue of 'mmmm' as she stroked my cock. 

We faffed about like this for another 5 mins and things got a little warmer but nothing duly worth noting. I was coming to the conclusion this would be an 'I do for you' session, I was trying to remember what we'd agreed but the finer details seemed bit vague. Maybe I should've got written confirmation and a purchase order number from her for peace of mind...

I decided the bodyslide option would be the way to go so I could do fuck all and she could do something. Rolling over after she wrapped my cock in tissue I lay my head into the soft pillow and breathed in the faint scent of cigarette breath and thought to myself how relaxing this was. I got a mediocre oil rub with her tits and hands on my back and legs with some ball touching, but with cock wrapped like a vietnamese paper roll it wasn't going to eventuate any further in that position. In fact, I was going limp. With more 'mmmm' dialogue I eventually turned over and motioned Titi to sit between my legs and grab my shaft. Using a fairly soft stroking action, it wasn't bad apart from the cooing and 'oooh yarrr's' so I zoned out by playing with her melons. 

That got me pretty hard again so I reckoned it was BJ time. I thought at least for this price it'd be natural but again, I hadn't confirmed earlier in enough details she wasn't open to renegotiation and went the covered route. In this position, just out of arm's reach and in her safety zone, Titi came alive and started sucking like a vacuum pump. Lots of slurping and noise and up and down like a jackhammer. It was a good sight and I thought fuck it - you can do this until your egg timer rings and you get lockjaw so at least I feel like there's some value for money.

Of course, it didn't end that way. As a few bro's out there may agree it takes something special to make you cum when 'dommed up. I need a bit more connectivity and stimulus.

I changed position and sat on the edge of the bed with a pillow on the floor for her so she could keep sucking me whilst on her knees. She seemed to like this and kept going at it, looking up every now and then saying 'I like eat you' and 'so horny.' But not horny enough for me to slip a finger down her hairy cunt to help me get over the line. I lay back and watched.

We changed position. I spread her out on the bed, this time me on my knees on that goddamn pillow, kissing her body while she stroked my now uncovered cock. I slid my hand along her thigh up towards her bush but, 'no your nails too long.' I pointed out hers were longer and for at least the next 2 minutes she finally cracked and I rubbed her clit and pussy lips in a circular motion and sucked on her tits while she came out with all kinds of superlatives and kept stroking my rigid rice-paper roll. She glanced over at the timer.

Knowing this would be another let-down I suggested COT. She agreed. I was amazed but quick to jump on the offer. Literally. Straddling her, I commenced whacking myself off while she cupped my balls. I wiped some pre-cum with the head of my cock across both her jugs to mark a landing zone, so to speak.

Without shielding her face from flying shrapnel, Titi kept rubbing my balls as I unloaded into the valley between her breasts, creating a man-made lake. Even she commented on how much there was. 

We mopped up, I lay down. I got her to come and lay with me for the last five minutes or so and the forcefield had been knocked out of her by my friendly-fire and she cuddled up as we lay there talking shite.

The cooking timer went off suddenly in an ear-shattering din. Time's up. Back to reality. I showered as Titi stood farting about at the bathroom sink. Towelling off back in the bedroom I spotted a 'non la' (Vietnamese leaf hat) and put it on her. Still naked, she suddenly looked more Vietnamese and fuckable than ever before,  prancing around doing little poses. I'd have chosen to fuck her again right there and then if it wasn't for her standoffishness and how that may or may not pan out.

I left her twirling her hat at me and I headed along the Hume Highway to go score a chicken kebab, at least that'd be something moist to get my fingers into.

She messaged me. 'Thx u for c me. u so nice man. like c u again xxx.'

Yeah maybe so, but like your egg timer announced honey, I'm done.


Cheers pals,

See ya.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 8th April 2016, 11:12 AM
Poster ID: mikey73
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Love it , the team thanks your valiant effort


Floor: #3
Post Time: 12th October 2016, 12:52 AM
Poster ID: hybridbloke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
ditto, fridge, like vanessa btown

is that a reasonable generalisation (of hot viet girls)??


Floor: #4
Post Time: 12th October 2016, 07:48 AM
Poster ID: music_247
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
LOL this was such a good read. Nice work


