Thread Title: Tomoko - Rosebery, Sydney- 0475 567 837
Floor: #1
Post Time: 28th August 2016, 09:36 AM
Poster ID: AussieGuy1968
Post Title: 
 Tomoko - Rosebery, Sydney- 0475 567 837
				
Post Content: 
Person's name: Tomoko

Establishment: Private townhouse in Rosebery, Sydney

Date of visit: 26 August 2016

Contact details: 0475 567 837 japanese girl friend - Sydney escorts - cracker.com.au

Hours of business: Unknown but I would say she does this part time around her studies

Rates: $200/hr, $300 for 2-3 hours, $600 for overnight

Age: Advertises as 25 and I would say close

Size and shape: 5'6", dress size 12-14, D-cup breasts.

Ethnicity: Japanese

Services provided: Massage, Full Service, GFE

Value for money / recommend: Could have been but more below

My experience / comments: After a long break from punting (long relationship with an all dancing, all squirting, all services lady), I decided to return to my old friend Cracker and see if any hidden gems could be found.

After coming across Tomoko's ad, I was caught by her huge breasts and the bargain pricing, so made contact and opted for 3 hours for $300.

Arriving at a large private residence in Rosebery I was half expecting a standard asian make shift brothel but was pleasantly surprised to find she lived alone.

I was prepared to let her take the lead for the first hour to see how her service was and it was obvious straight away that she would need a lot of direction and reminding about the services she advertised.

So money exchanged, it was time for a shower and of course she didn't join me.  First let down.

Onto the bed for some DFK (more lips than tongue) and I decide to start with a massage.  Tomoko's skills in this department weren't too bad and I was starting to enjoying the session. That was until she started picking at every and any imperfection on my skin.  I have a couple of dry skin spots on my ankles which she proceeded to pick at... very weird and quite painful.  Decided to flip and see if things would pick up.

A little nipple sucking by her and a light front rub before she heads south and I am expecting to feel the warmth of her mouth, when suddenly she pours baby oil over the old fella and proceeds with a HJ.  WTF, I was here for 3 hours of GFE not a 30min RNT.  Deciding enough was enough, decided to take control.

Onto some DATY and I she has one of those tasty little asian delights but unfortunately whilst she shaves, she obviously doesn't like going to close to the lips so the experience was like licking two spiky caterpillars.. Not to be ut off, I sound found a way to avoid these spiky intruders and settled down to enjoy, when her mobile rings.

Dammit I thought, she left her phone on and a punter was making a booking. Not to worry she'll, fob him off and be back.. Nope..  After 10 minutes, I decided to call this a dud and proceeded to get dressed.  

Still on the phone, I wait patiently, as she proceeds to chat.. WTF... Finally she finishes and I ask for a $200 refund which reluctantly hands over.  I ask her about the call and she amazes me by stating its her boyfriend.  Seems he is sick in hospital and has no clue what she gets up to.

Looking at my watch I see I have only been here 25 min and decide that this girl only deserves the standard rate for a 30min massage so take back another $50.  She goes off threatening to call the cops so I sit on the bed, dial 000 and hand her my phone.

Needless to say, she changes her tone and lets me leave.

All in all a strange experience but like always, if it looks too good to be true, then yeah... it is.. Tomoko is a nice enough girl but has no idea about customer service or GFE and given her set up has either just started or gets very few clients.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 29th August 2016, 03:39 PM
Poster ID: Jonlad
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Are the pictures fake?


Floor: #3
Post Time: 29th August 2016, 04:35 PM
Poster ID: AussieGuy1968
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I would say if you subtracted a few years, a few kilos and added professional make up and lighting they "could" be her


