Thread Title: Tracy Chatswood 0413 519 628
Floor: #1
Post Time: 16th December 2019, 11:07 PM
Poster ID: Davidw2
Post Title: 
 Tracy Chatswood 0413 519 628
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Tracy (Angela)

Establishment : Independent

Date of Visit : Dec 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.escortsandbabes.com.au/Profile/NSW/Chatswood/Independent/Yoyoo/

Phone : 0413 519 628

Hours of Business : 10am - 11pm

Rates : $200 per hour

Age : early 30's

Size/shape : C boobs, long dark hair, size 6

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : FS, DATY, BBBJ

Value for money/recommend? for the price yes 

My experience/comments : Another multiuser Chinese number so no high expectations. This one with same name and advert was being used last month in Melbourne. Anyway nothing ventured nothing gained and price at the bottom end of independents. Easy to organise, car park close, apartment not modern but clean. Greeted at door by pretty but older (probably 30's Chinese girl) in sexy lingerie , kiss, hug and shown to room. Opted for a shower and then onto bed - I probably didn't need to shower as Angela has a cat bathing style which got lots of licking all over - good for a change and she builds excitement with plenty of attention to balls and surrounds and then starts a really good BBBJ - takes everything in, has plenty of different technique options and she could have got me over the line quite quickly.  She has great lips - big and thick and great for kissing, DFK is not really on offer although there was a bit of tongue activity. Anyway so far so good and we mixed kissing, BBBJ and some pussy grinding which also pushed me close - she was going to put a condom on and it would be over soon but I opted for DATY (in retrospect a mistake) - her pussy was good, some stubble and tasted ok but the downside was she used the opportunity to check her phone etc which really turns me off and I struggled to get my enthusiasm back. Some more BBBJ rekindled some interest but by now the phone was on the bed and despite her best efforts with cowgirl, mish etc my moment had passed and I settled for a HJ  which was good and got the desired result. Angela is clearly experienced although she does not speak much English and I could be tempted to return. She works out of Chatswood most days but finishes at 11pm. Ask for Angela otherwise it will be standard roulette!!!
Recommendation: Her lip kissing and the BBBJ are worth the visit


