Thread Title: Trinity - Banksown - 0497 166 165
Floor: #1
Post Time: 4th January 2018, 03:30 AM
Poster ID: Hornyboi
Post Title: 
 Trinity - Banksown - 0497 166 165
				
Post Content: 
Lady name : Trinity

Date of visit : 31/12/2017

Location: Bankstown

Website: private escort

Contact: +61 497 166 165

Cost: 200/hr

Services provided: BBBJ, covered sex, COB, dirty talk.

Description: Aussie, about 45 y.o, skinny size 10 maybe? B cup tits.

WIR? Yes but I think there's more room to get the same time at a cheaper rate if you negotiate.

So I had booked an hour massage with a girl off cracker for 3pm on the 31st in Liverpool, showed up and she didn't answer my calls or anything because apparently she was asleep at the time so in desperation found trinity and went down to bankstown to see her.

She was working out of the bankstown sports club as she was only there for a few days before she headed back to Perth where she actually lives. Texted her once inside and was taken up to the room by her.

She's defs not a looker but what can one do in desperation but she knows how to sick a cock and fuck for sure.

Into the hotel room and off with the clothes and onto the bed where she started off with a pretty nice BBBJ to get me hard and ready, once hard it was on with the dom as she rode me cowgirl with a lot of moaning and great technique. After that she whispered in my ear "you want to bend me over?" So ofcourse I bent her over and started slow in doggy while getting faster, she threw all the pillows off the bed and took it like a champ morning and dirty talking as I got faster, blew my load in the dom and first shot done.

As soon as she took the dom off she started sucking my cock again to go for round 2 but my cock was a bit too sensitive so she said she'd wait a bit for me to catch my breathe and went and got me a glass of water.

Not long after she was back to sucking my cock and slipping the dom back on but I told her I'd rather just get her to suck my cock for the second shot as I enjoyed her BBBJ so much, she sucked and sucked but I had trouble getting my second load, took a while and ended up getting getting her to suck my balls as I wanked and as I was about to c she took over and took the second load all over her tits. 

A bit more talking and she told me she actually lives and works in Perth but she was in Sydney for the holiday period and told me if I refer a friend then another hour for my service would be free but she was leaving the next night anyway. 

All up was a good average service which I was lucky to get when the massage girl didn't answer her phone and definitely didn't leave unsatisfied.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 4th January 2018, 04:16 AM
Poster ID: mikej
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Saw her ad on cracker. Said she wanted to keep it classy by not putting any explicit pics up but then had a movie of her taking a piss standing up.

Trinity 100% Mature Aussie Lady Satisfaction Guaranteed - Australia escorts - cracker.com.au


Floor: #3
Post Time: 4th January 2018, 04:18 AM
Poster ID: Hornyboi
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hahaha yeh she was the unclassy trying to be 'classy' type she was down for whatever once the door was closed


Floor: #4
Post Time: 4th January 2018, 06:31 AM
Poster ID: nextlif
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks Hornyboi. Please use our template for your reviews in future. You need to use if you want to progress to Silver member.




Attachment 7650


