Thread Title: Trinity - motel near Penrith - 0422 582 697
Floor: #1
Post Time: 6th September 2018, 07:13 PM
Poster ID: Max Bedroom
Post Title: 
 Trinity - motel near Penrith - 0422 582 697
				
Post Content: 
Persons Name : Trinity

Establishment : Private, motel off M4 near Penrith

Date of Visit : Early Sep

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://sydney.locanto.com.au/ID_275...n-Penrith.html

Hours of Business : call

Rates : $200 - 30 mins +$50 extras

Age : says 21 definitely does look young

Size/shape : size 6

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : my experince - full sex, BBBJ, CFS

Value for money/recommend? : - yes

My experience/comments : 

Had seen ads for Trinity a week or more back and not got round to seeing her. Current ad on Locanto has more pics and I couldn't resist. Texted and made a date. Surprised she wasn't in Penrith but anyway just down the road.

Parked in the hotel car park and she said she'd meet me at reception. Not quite what I wanted, but actually it was fine. Walked past the desk and up the stairs, she appeared and took me to her room. Good plan for security.

Trinity is a petite woman, nice head of hair, very young-looking face. Was wearing black leggings and boots and a fluffy white jacket over black mesh top showing a black bra underneath. She described herself as Trinity in the Matrix, actually I had her much more as the Jody Foster underage hooker in Taxi Driver. Same young face, innocent-but-not-at-all look except not the curly brown Shirley Temple hair. Excellent.

She'd taken the boots off but I persuaded her to put high heels on, which I totally loved. Helped her out of her mesh top and bra, and leggings. We'd agreed 250 total for 20 mins plus DFK and BBBJ so I was keen to taste her lips. She kissed well and willingly, gave me a bit of tongue, and she let me tell her how gorgeous she was. The motel is so old fashioned with a huge room, it was pretty weird, just me and this tiny girl. But hot.

We fell on the bed and I sucked her tits. They're pretty small and not tight like a young girl, but I sucked her nipples anyway. Then I told her to suck my cock. She did this with a fist grip technique which I didn't quite like, except that it still felt great as her tongue and mouth sucked my knob. I'm not that big, so she must have small hands, because I swear she never let go. Anyway, I was pretty hard and enjoying the experience.

Flipped her over and there I was, sliding my cock on her pussy. She handpicked a raincoat from a pile and asked me to put it on. A bit like the hangman saying "put the rope over your own head, mate" but anyway, I did as I was told. Then I was inside, faster than jack rabbit. A couple of strokes, slammed my balls against her pussy, which had a good mound actually, and the little boys finished the race, panting at the plastic like greyhounds wondering where the rabbit has gone. Haha. There's no fucking rabbit.

Cleaned up and thanked Trinity for a great time. She's is no newbie to industry, she was cool and in control, but generous as well. We got on really well. She's sassy, worldly and young-innocent at the same time. I found her very erotic but I'm an old pervert.

I had a great time. Might not go back, it was a bit low budget experience with the motel room, but sexy too.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 22nd October 2018, 04:24 AM
Poster ID: He-man-24
Post Title: 
 Petite Trinity - Penrith - 0422 582 697
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Trinity

Establishment : Apartment 

Date of Visit : 19/10/18

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://escortify.com.au/sydney-esco...n-is-here-7155 

Phone : 0422582697

Hours of Business : 24/7

Rates : Incall $100/15, $150/30, $200/45, $250/1 hr - I took 45 minutes

Age : 24

Size/shape : Petite

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : Full service

Value for money/recommend? : definetly recommend, good price for how skilled she is.

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)
When the door opened and I saw her I was in awe, she’s this petite little thing, absolute stunner, all I could think of was throwing her against the wall right there. After exchanging pleasentries she lead me to her room. King sized bed and mirrored robe, very clean. Once she started the timer we went to work, starting with natural bj (I paid $80 extra, she does not do CIM), her tongue and mouth felt like heaven, rubbing her clit I was curious to see the whole thing, she has the pussy of a pornstar, it’s near perfect (she had trimmed at the time, I prefer smooth), slamming into her in doggy she can take almost anything, I mean,  I’m a 9 and a half inch guy and thick. She seems to love hard and fast, so I kept giving it to her, dad to say I finished up early, but she helped with the cleanup and asked if I wanted to do anything else in my remaining time, I figured why waste her time, it was 3am, ill head home and let her finish up for the night.
Downfalls- got too close during the bj, be aware she is really good at oral. No shower there unless asked before hand as she as to prepare. Doesn’t do anal.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 22nd October 2018, 04:39 AM
Poster ID: He-man-24
Post Title: 
 Roxy - Campbelltown - 0477 595 939
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Roxy

Establishment : private resident

Date of Visit : 5/09/18

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.escortsandbabes.com.au/P...dent/Roxy_XXX/

Phone : 0477595939

Hours of Business : Anytime from what I can see

Rates : Varies I paid $100 for 4 hour PNP

Age : 18

Size/shape : Thin but athletic

Nationality or Ethnicity : Kiwi

Services Provided : I got included FS and long deep Blowjob

Value for money/recommend? : thumbs up, fair prices for how hard she goes, highly recommend

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

Long party Booking. Treated myself for once and boy was I happy.   We had music on, partied, I loved watching her dance. She was wearing a tight dress to begin with and we just stripped down, partied, she gave me a BJ, partied more, I ended up just getting a hell of a lot of head. She’s a lot better than I expected and hot in person, tight body, big booty, she’s really rowdy though so definitely recommend incall to her rather than taking her home with you. Definitely a good choice, easy to gat along with, party girl, such a turn on watching her ass go up and down. Her bj’s are better than I’d imagined. Definetly recommend and you’ll want to book over and over again.


