Thread Title: Trinity Sky Rabbit - Lane Cove - 0416963 837
Floor: #1
Post Time: 28th January 2020, 11:12 PM
Poster ID: jasng90
Post Title: 
 Trinity Sky Rabbit - Lane Cove - 0416963 837
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Trinity Sky Rabbit

Establishment : Private - Lane Cove - NSW

Date of Visit : 26/01/2020

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://sydney.locanto.com.au/ID_412...ar-escort.html

Phone : 0416 963 837

Hours of Business : 24/7

Rates : 900 for 3 hours

Age : 30ish

Size/shape : Extremey Curvy and bootilicious 

Nationality or Ethnicity : European

Services Provided : PSE

Value for money/recommend? : Most definately Yes!

My experience/comments : 

Intro:

Saw the images in the link above. She is legit guys. Got in touch via snap chat. She came off as really friendly, quirky and mostly really sexy. Got an opputunity to have a chat with her over the phone before meeting up. 
She loves to talk and especially dirty and teasingly she claims to have made guys cum 15-20 times, noted that I can come 50 times if I like supported by her comment in the chat 'You're gonna explode' which got me widely turned on.
 I decided to book her in the early hours of the morning. For 900 for 3 hours I wasnt sure how often I can cum in that session and wanted to see if that was true.

My experience in the bedroom

I got to her place and she was dressed in a sexy tight dress. 
Her figure was pretty similar to Red Hair Jessica Rabbit, like quite literally. 
She got a pretty nice bangable booty and HH cups, perfect for titjob. Lips were nice which were made for sucking cocks to climax. 
She was fun as she loves to tease untill you almost climax. 

The moment I got in her place, she did her twerk on my bare cock and later proceeded to shower where she did more cock teasing using her twerking ass and also bit of sucking and tit job. I almost came in few mins into the 3 hours lol.
Anyways wanted to hold on as long as possible and went up to the bed room. 
As far as dialog and action goes..

Trinity: You gonna be my sex slave (Shoves me down on my back on the bed)

Me: 

Trinity: (Sucks my dick and give me handjob) Cum baby explode your cum on me.

I came as soon as she did alternation of first handjob, blowjob and ass twerk. I still had 2hours and 30 minutes to cum many times. 
Later into the session we shot a video of us on Snapchat (me faceless for obvious reasons).  https://www.pornhub.com/view_video.p...h5e2ecf522bc23

Alot has happen during the session, we watched some porno and she wanted to role play some of the scenes like how the porn star do it. We fucked like rabbits, I ended up cumming up to 10 times, I couldnt believe it. On her Tit, mouth, on her back, handjob, assjob and facial. To reward her I fucked her silly in Missonary and covered anal and it was quite nice as she was quite easy to make her cum as she really enjoys it.

Other than her bedroom performance she was quite a intelligent person and can hold a conversation about anything. So how it goes is that we took a break for 5 mins and keep going at it.
for $900 for 3 hours its worth it. I was first skeptical as I was scared it could be a dude session but she is totally worth it guys if you like a girl that is down and dirty to get you cumming and exploding everything and never stopping when you do.


THE VERDICT:

Pro:
- incredible waist to booty ratio (Twerking and cowgirl is one of speciality)
- Super huge natural boobies HH Cup (Tit fuck was my fav)
- Best position to have sex with her is from Doggie
- Knows how to make you continously cum
- Handjob is supreme
- Very good in mentally turning you on with her dirty sexy talk
- She gets me on edge all the time its insane, never felt like that before in my life

Con:
- Will get you cumming quick even if you're a pro in the bedroom.
- Leaving her after the session
- Can be very pricey but its worth it once you experience it

Overall:

The best, seriously. From intro its full steam up until you just can take it anymore. This PSE session allows me to keep a copy of my own porno I can cherish.
For the season punters, its pretty hard to keep up with her level of sexual energy.


