Thread Title: Vanessa -  Bankstown - 0405 436 399
Floor: #1
Post Time: 23rd January 2016, 01:13 PM
Poster ID: lygate68
Post Title: 
 Vanessa -  Bankstown - 0405 436 399
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : vanessa

Establishment : private residence bankstown

Date of Visit : 20.01.16

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Asian Vanessa Touring Bankstown!! Best Rates In Town! Massage + F/S - Sydney escorts - cracker.com.au

Hours of Business : 9 to 5

Rates : $100 half hour  $150 full service

Age : 23

Size/shape : 6 dcup breasts natural

Nationality or Ethnicity : chinese

Services Provided : massage / full sevice

Value for money/recommend? : yes definitely 

My experience/comments : Well this is my first post so here goes. 
Made 1 hr appointment with full service @ 11am. Got there a little early but she was very accommodating and let me watch her doing her hair in nothing but g string. Of course this was an excellent  way to start the hour. Very nice WL fantastic body and very pretty also. Long waist length hair . We chatted at first , then she gave me a wonderful welcome striptease to showcase her features. D cup natural breasts with no sag were a site to behold. Shave pussy with belly button pierced. Smooth light brown skin and very sweet smell.
I was slowly kissing her all over and ended at her soft but erect nipples. Her pussy was wet to touch she let me finger her and she started to moan. She was hot !!!!!  DATY next she has a clean tight little pussy that is mouthwatering to taste. Mmmmm. She was standing on the bed i had my face buried in has snatch she came. We snipped on a dom and she started to give me bj. Not the best but adequate.  Flipped her over onto all fours and entered her doggy style. She was tight and had great muscle control she came again. Pumped her for a while then changed position have her legs over my shoulders love it. I blew buckets and was totally relaxed. She cleaned me up and offered a clean towel for shower. Well worth the money please try you wont be disappointed very professional but also quite fun girl

Happy punting.


