Thread Title: Vanessa De La Vega - Sydney CBD - 0487 104 173
Floor: #1
Post Time: 2nd March 2019, 03:51 PM
Poster ID: mc326027
Post Title: 
 Vanessa De La Vega - Sydney CBD - 0487 104 173
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Vanessa De La Vega 


Establishment : Independent 


Date of Visit: March 2019


Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://twitter.com/vanessadlv1?lang=en
https://escortify.com.au/sydney-esco...e-la-vega-7589


Hours of Business : Varies but usually Wed to Fri


Rates : 250/60min


Age : 25-30


Size/shape : 165cm size 10


Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian / European 


Services Provided : RnT / FS


Value for money/recommend? : Yes!


My experience/comments : 


After having my regular RnT WL move interstate, I sought a new WL to be my new go to. Having followed Vanessa for a while now on Twitter I decided to book in a 1 hour RnT.


Booking was quick and efficient, location very discrete with intercom access. When I opened the door, she was absolutely stunning in person. She is much fitter and better looking than her already great pictures on the internet, wearing a violet lingerie she greeted me with a enthusiastic personality. She’s incredibly petite and busty and couldn’t wait to start!


After settling the finances I hopped in a quick shower and headed to the bedroom. She started off with a very slow strip tease (which I paid as a extra) before instructing me to lie on my chest (with a quick spank!). 


The massage was great because she is so easy to talk to and loves to tease. There is a mirror next to it so you can enjoy the view and it was only a matter of time before I was told to turn over. She started body slides and it was only a matter of time before I had to end with Spanish.


After a short break to catch my breath she started round 2 with body slides again and gave me a great view of her ass. She had some tricks too where she spun around and started masturbating while lying on me. She had some great dirty talk and asked me where I wanted to shoot and of course I had to finish with Spanish.


Would I return? YES!! Thanks for a great time Vanessa


