Thread Title: Vanessa - Sydney cbd - 0497 452 145
Floor: #1
Post Time: 2nd February 2018, 09:16 PM
Poster ID: tonkoau
Post Title: 
 Vanessa - Sydney cbd - 0497 452 145
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Vanessa

Establishment : private

Date of Visit : Jan 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Vanessa ? Hot & WILD ? Natural E boobs | GENUINE PHOTOS - Sydney body rubs - cracker.com.au 

Hours of Business : midday to late depends on day

Rates : 250/60min

Age : 25-30

Size/shape : 165cm size 10

Nationality or Ethnicity : aus / euro

Services Provided : massage to full service

Value for money/recommend? : yes

My experience/comments :

I went to see Vanessa after the cricket got boring on Australia Day.  Making an appointment was easy, she responded quickly to my text sending her location in the city.  She advertises 25, and like most WL I have met she left out the GST...id put her in her late twenties.  I am older...about twice her advertised age, so checked that she was ok with that...she was very kind and let me know that was not an issue for her

when I arrived I was met by a very chirpy and upbeat young lady.  She is warm and friendly, and has a cute giggle that fires off a lot...I liked it, but maybe not everyone would.  She has a number of tattoos, but retains a fun and light demeanour.  As per her photos she has impressive breasts, though they were very firm so probably not natural...I'm no expert there though so they could just be a (good) freak of nature

I had booked in for 45 min massage at 200, but she offered extras once we chatted, so I went for the CBJ with mutual touching.  Daty was also on offer as part of the deal, but I avoid any unprotected activities so didn't go there.

After a quick shower we started out with the usual massage start..on my chest she started a backrub, then very quickly moved into body slide.  I decided I needed a better look at what was going on so turned over. She lay down next to me and we started to kiss gently.  She offered to give me a front body slide, and poured oil all over her breasts before sliding over me.  She then slid around and started to slide her gorgeous ass up and down my cock.  It wasn't long before I was getting pretty worked up.  She guided my hands around her body, grabbing her tits then placing my hand on her pussy.  I started to caress her lips and clit..she was wet, maybe it was all that oil or she liked it...either way I was having fun.  She happily took my fingers inside her as I worked on her gspot.  This went on for quite a while, then she suggested I give her a body slide...or I did 👹.  As I slid over her my cock was getting very hard.  She stopped for a moment and slipped on the condom before giving me a great deep throat CBJ while I played with anything I could reach.  She got up and started riding me cowgirl style, sliding her clit over my cock.  I was loving that but thought I'd like more of that ass against my cock so went back to the body slide.  By this time we were both sweating heavily, and were covered in oil.  Her ass felt great to rub against and as I slid up and down my cock found her pussy... I apologised since I hadn't paid for fs, and I'm usually only a massage CBJ / RNT kind of guy 😀  Anyway she must have been feeling kind...she said well you've done it now so we might as well continue...so I started to fuck her from behind, her ass pushing against me as I slid around.  I had to stop a few times or shoot too early for my liking..eventually we turned over into miss and we had a great run to completion... 

So it was an awesome time.  I have no idea if this is rare or normal for her massage with extras.  She is a lovely woman, hot and fun.  I'll have to go back because I never actually got to try her HJ ...but I'll let you know how that goes .  Also I would make the point that I didn't coerce her in any way, so don't take this as your green light to upgrade...that was her choice and your mileage may vary as they say... Be nice and you never know


