Thread Title: Veronica Drake - Mascot,Sydney - 0450 109 272
Floor: #1
Post Time: 9th March 2016, 09:51 PM
Poster ID: bigdickmalone
Post Title: 
 Veronica Drake - Mascot,Sydney - 0450 109 272
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Veronica Drake

Establishment: private

Date of Visit:25/02/2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: Phone: 0450 109 272 https://scarletblue.com.au/escort/veronica-drake

Hours of Business: Ring Veronica

Rates:$400

Age: Says 20s but maybe 31

Size/shape: Curvy

Nationality or Ethnicity: Caucasian

Services Provided: Full Service

Value for money/recommend?: Recommended especially if you are after the PSE

After seeing a previous lady I decided to go something more upmarket (to me thats means leaving backpage/ cracker and checking out Scarlet Blue). Browsing SB I noticed Veronica pics and was instantly draw to them. The pics are exactly what I like (blonde, curvy with some booty). 

Setting up a time was super easy all done via text. She is very professional.

We setup a time to meet and gave me the suburb where to go. She operated out of Mascot (which was easy for me to get to, if your driving then might be a problem as all parking close to the train station is 1hr). Upon reaching Mascot, I texted her and she gave me her address. 

Reaching the address, she buzzed me up. Knocked at the door and it opens up with no one to be seen. She is standing behind the door, after entering inside I can see why. She is wearing some really nice black lingerie that shows just the right amount of skin but at the same time accentuates her curves. And what curves she has!!!

She is very bubbly and puts me to ease. I have a quick shower. Exiting the shower she is standing there in all her beauty. I stare for a few moments, taking in that body. She laughs and does a little dance for me. We move on to the bed (its a really high bed for some funny reason) and I lie on my back. She continues to dance above me. I'm taking it all in. 

Finally she moves down there and puts on a condom and gives me a CBJ (she doesn't offer BBBJ and I don't accept them any way). After sucking for a few minutes, I get her to shift and ride me cowgirl. Getting to see her breasts (they are enhanced but very hard to tell). After some more riding, I get her to switch to missionary, then finishing off doggystyle. I cum on her breasts (she doesn't do CIM or COF). 

We chat while she gives me a massage and I learn that she offers a 4some with 3 of her girlfriends, now thats something to dream off. 

After the massage we start round 2. Same thing, but this time I get her to face the mirror and I can see her face and we lock eyes. Great.

Overall was a great experience. My only thing is that she is more suited to the PSE than the GFE which is more my style. 

If you want a good time look her up.

Cheers,

Big D


