Thread Title: Veronika - 0437 267 470
Floor: #1
Post Time: 18th July 2010, 01:46 PM
Poster ID: jon02
Post Title: 
 Veronika - 0437 267 470
				
Post Content: 
Description of lady.

ethnic origin - Scandinavian
estimated age or age range - mid 20s
estimated height - 5'10
body shape (slim, curvy, etc.) - slim
estimated body size (eg size 8) and/or weight (kg), - size 10
skin colour - fake tan
hair length & colour - long straight blonde hair
eye colour - Blue
attractiveness of face - quite pretty
size of boobs (natural or enhanced), - B cups
pussy shaved, trimmed or jungle, - Shaved
level of English communication, - 100% fluency
comments on personality - well travelled, engaging personality.
contact: fromveronikawithlove@y7mail.com
website: http://privategirls.com.au/veronika.php

Service: - DFK, Mutual Oral and Full Service - Typical GFE

Any major "will not do's"? -

Price structure:- what you paid for the session, and the cost of any extras. 800ph, 500 for each addition hour

value for money? 6/10

i have been meaning to write a review on Veronika for a few weeks now, and figured i might as well write a quick report on my introduction to Veronika. well what can i say, i came across Veronika profile on privategirls earlier in the year and i immediately took notice. there wasn't any reviews or any further information i could find but that didn't really stop my curiousity. i am always interested in seeing some new talent, and perhaps i like taking one of the team.

Despite my curiousity, i wasn't curious enough to take the flight up to sydney. As it turned out , while browsing the PG website a few weeks later, i noticed Veronika was planning a tour of melbourne. Now this was a opportunity. i sent out a enquire and heard back from her within 24 hours and a time was organised.

I guess since discovering the various escort review type sites and subsequently tasting the delights of high class escorts, i have developed a curiousity in finding the next gem. in many discussions with a punter i compare notes with, i see punting as kin to being in a candy shop, and having the opportunity to try all the favours. sure we have our favourites, but trying the unknown and finding that next great favour is what drives me.

Upon opening the door, there she was dressed in black, not bad at all. My impressions were she is pretty, but not striking. I believe her height, and her long legs are certainly her key features. taking a seat on the couch, we toasted to our introduction, after a conversation with veronika it was hard not to get immersed with this individual. she really does have a engaging personality, a quality a good GFE escort should possess. With our glasses in hand, we strolled into the bedroom, and looked out into the city night life.i would describe her kissing style is more of the gfe/romantic type; slow, lots of lips, with a hint of tongue. Her bbbj was also similar in style, slow and sensual, sex wise, the standard array of positions were used.

In conclusion, interesting enough punt, and enough to satisfy my curiousity. Veronika offers a typical gfe experience many 'high class' escorts are also offering. if you looking for a 5'10 Scandinavian model with a engaging personality, you will find meeting Veronika quite a bit of fun.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 18th July 2010, 02:47 PM
Poster ID: andrewblake
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Welcome to the forum Jon,

Nice review of Veronika..

Hope to hear more reviews and punting adventures..

Hope you enjoy your stay here..

AB


