Thread Title: Victoria - Drummoyne - 0428 339 167
Floor: #1
Post Time: 3rd May 2012, 10:33 AM
Poster ID: jdf13
Post Title: 
 Victoria - Drummoyne - 0428 339 167
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Victoria

Establishment : Private unit Drummoyne

Date of Visit : Early to Mid March (Only Works Monday)

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0428 339 167

Hours of Business : Monday,Daytime only 

Rates : $120/half hour, $200/hour I think, i had bad head spin when i left

Age : Mid 40's

Size/shape : Size 6 to 8, great round breasts, small firm ass, sexy apperance, naughty eyes.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Greek

Services Provided : Full Service, Greek, Couples, Swinger, Massage

Value for money/recommend? : Oh My God Yes


OK Guys, This is one of those really weird Punter experiences that gives you that "i dont know what im doing here, im feeling really freaked out, do I stay or walk" feelings.
Earlier Monday morning i sent a text message to secure a booking, a bit of chit chat later and the address was SMS to me. I made my way to a nice apartment in Drummoyne. I was greated at the door by a guy who turns out to be "Rob" which is Victoria's partner. This is when it got really weird. 
Victoria comes out totaly naked with nothing but a smile on her dial. Starts puting her hands inside my shirt and pushing her goodies up againts me. All the time with Rob looking on and a smile on his face also. Now ive never done the swinger thing but its obvious these guys are seasoned pro's. Rob asks me what will it be, so feeling a little bit nervous i reply "Ah just a massage please champ"
We move to a room with only a bed and no door. (must be a security feature) i undress, shower and return for a massage. The massage starts of really well with plenty of full body rubbing by her on my back and some ear lobe biting and heavy breathing by her. She asks me to roll over and its when i do i see a really horny look in her eyes. She starts to rub my junk all over her chest and then over her face and mouth, im starting to loose control, This is when i tell her " forget the rub, 
grab a dom, i really want to fuck you"

Dom on, we go into her riding and grinding REALLY HARD but not rough, just having a good time. Plenty of kissing, plenty of touching. Then she shows her flexiblity by doing some great squats, all the time DFK and rubbing her chest. I roll her over for a spoon, while giving her more DFK and looking at her in the wardrobe mirror, rubbing her great tits. Im starting to loose my breath, and loose all tension and control, I finish her off doggy and pull the dom off and roll her over and give her a great money shot.

Lay down head spining, i catch my breath and we chat.

Overall a great experience, Victoria is a hot lookin Milf who is friendly and pleasureable to be with. Robs a bit weird, but if you are offering a hot piece of ass like Victoria to strangers, then i suppose it takes all types to make up a world.

I highly recomend Victoria. I think their might be a website but i cant locate it


Floor: #2
Post Time: 19th June 2012, 11:39 AM
Poster ID: drumlicious
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I visited these two again yesterday and have to say, every visit gets better (probably because I'm not as nervous).

Victoria is very hot...I find Rob to be very welcoming, casual and friendly...I don't find him weird or intimidating at all. 

The previous poster probably wasn't comfortable with another guy nearby, albeit in another room. However for me, I enjoy watching and participating!


Floor: #3
Post Time: 19th June 2012, 03:23 PM
Poster ID: trapper
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I've seen Victoria while Rob was in the other room, I found her extremely sensuous and friendly, It will take a little bit of courage for me to share her with her own man


Floor: #4
Post Time: 25th June 2012, 10:32 PM
Poster ID: chimera
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Just to clarify last time visiting Victoria rate for the hour was $270.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 14th July 2012, 12:51 AM
Poster ID: andrewblake
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
thanks for the update..

ab


