Thread Title: Vida Luz - Sydney - 0458 983 932
Floor: #1
Post Time: 4th March 2019, 04:42 PM
Poster ID: aabro10
Post Title: 
 Vida Luz - Sydney - 0458 983 932
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Vida Luz

Establishment : PWL

Date of Visit : Feb 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://scarletblue.com.au/escort/vida-luz 

Old Photos - https://escortindex.com/ad/sydney/0/1/227371

Phone : 0458 983 932

Hours of Business : Not sure

Rates : $350ph

Age : 40s

Size/shape : Curvy, big boobs, plump sexy butt, solid, not fat. 

Nationality or Ethnicity : South American

Services Provided : BBBJ, CIM, COB, DATY, DFK

Value for money/recommend? : Definitely

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

I had seen a tweet sometime around Xmas/NY that said Vida was offering PSE for $350hr (normally $450). I texted her in Feb and asked if it was still going, she said no. I didn't reply and she texted back about 15 mins later and said she would do it for me. Arranged a booking for the next afternoon. She sent me to an apartment on Elizabeth St, not far from the court houses down by World Square. Good view from the living room on level 30 something. She said it was a friend's place (another working girl) and she would have a new place down near Central soon. 

First things first, Vida was wearing this elegant short length dress, showing off her huge cleavage and her lovely curvy figure. I jumped in the shower and came back to find her wearing matching bra, g string and suspenders and stockings. She has a solid belly, not fat or anything, but no chance of seeing a six pack. Her figure is that of a proper woman, what you'd expect from a pinup girl in the 1950s. She dropped to her knees immediately and took my dick down the whole way. Lots of saliva, lots of eye contact and she sucked for gold. It was great. I sat down on the edge of the bed, pulled her tits out and gave them a good fucking. Back to more bbbj, i put my hand on her head and gently fucked her mouth. This brought me to a climax pretty quick and I shot a big load in her mouth. Off to the toilet to spit it out. 

Back on the bed, took her panties off and started to munch her nice shaved pussy. She has these little movements at times like shes gotten a small electric shock. She got nice and wet and I was getting hard again. She reached into her bag and pulled out a little vibrator and stuck it on her clit. I moved and knelt next to her head and put my dick in her mouth. She kept the vibrator on and sucked my cock for all its worth. This went on for a while until I grabbed a dom and had her lie on the edge of the bed and fucked her for all she's worth. Then onto doggy, side saddle, cowgirl, back onto her back and I pumped away. Feeling I was about to cum I pulled out, ripped off the dom and jerked off, landing all over her stomach, tits and chin. She cleaned it up, still lying on her back, she grabbed the vibrator and went at it again. I lied next to her and sucked her nipples, kissed her and then just watched. She seemed like she didn't notice me anymore and just kept playing with herself. I laid next to her for about 20 mins pulling myself off. Unable to cum again I laid there waiting for her to finish. Eventually she climaxed hard. Kiss, cuddle, shower together. Back out into the afternoon about 90 mins later. 

Im my opinion she has a great body. Beautiful face, that south american passion and is a great fuck. If you can talk her into the PSE for $350, its well worth it. But even $350 for bbbj and an hour of fucking would be vfm in my books.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 21st August 2019, 07:15 PM
Poster ID: Chromehound
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Vida Luz

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : July 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://scarletblue.com.au/escort/vida-luz 

Phone : 0458 983 932

Hours of Business : 

Rates : 250/30min GFE, 350/hr GFE 

Age : Late 30s looks wise

Size/shape : Thick, curvy, voluptuous sex fiend of a body

Nationality or Ethnicity : Brazilian of European descent

Services Provided : DATY, DFK, BBBJ, CIM, FS

Value for money/recommend? : 

My experience/comments : 
I write a review to myself after every punt, so I'm going to start posting some of them. Albeit in an edited form without many details and without my ratings, since I don't think numerical ratings are fair anymore. 

Overall: 
- She's very good at what she does, and as a result I returned a number of times to see her again, especially because of the cost. Pros are the she has huge natural tits, a big thick ass, Latin passion in bed, some of the best riding technique and some of the best bbbj. The cons are that she's a bit average looking, and that she has a slight stomach, so she's not for you if you prefer slim girls. I don't see her much these days since I feel like I've found girls with an overall better package for cheaper, but I'll remember my time with Vida fondly. 
Face: 
- Looked around 35 ish. Brazilian but of Italian/German descent, basically looks Caucasian. She's nice looking and not bad, but you can find cuter girls with your money. 
Body: 
- Thick, voluptuous, big tits, big ass. Just look at her pics on twitter. Has a bit of a tummy though, but that's more than made up for me since I love thick girls with good assets.
Personality:
- Was quite shy at first and I thought the punt was going to be shit at first, but she warmed up during sex and became very talkative afterwards. I enjoyed her company, she cares a lot about chemistry during sex too. 
Service: 
- Kissing: Nice and wet, not as much tongue as I liked though. 
- BBBJ: To this day it's some of the best I've had, maybe top three or top two. Her speed is fast and consistent. She's nice and wet. And her mouth felt tight. However she built up to this, the first bbbj she gave was nice, but not superb, the next one was amazing, and the last one after sex where I came into her mouth was incredible. I'm not sure if she includes CIM for everyone though, YMMV. The CIM I had with her was incredible, after a while of her blowing me I took control and gently face fucked her until I emptied myself into her mouth. I just kept cumming for a good half a minute, then she ran off into the shower. 

Spanish:
- Most times spanish never felt that good for me, but her tits are large enough to be fucked so it's definitely worth it with her. She's experienced and she knows how to use her tits to make you feel good.
Riding: 
- She knows her variations. My favourite variation of hers was where she moved her knees down so she's basically lying on top of you,  and then she just rotates her hips and fucks you hard as she kisses you and your face and nibbles your ears. 
Doggy:
- Felt incredible feeling up that thick volumptuous body from the back. The mirror was also a nice touch. 
Mish:
- It was alright. I finished off with CIM though which I already described above.


