Thread Title: Vietnamese Kim - Nth Parramatta - 0405 168 515
Floor: #1
Post Time: 6th March 2016, 09:08 PM
Poster ID: oz2x
Post Title: 
 Vietnamese Kim - Nth Parramatta - 0405 168 515
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Kim

Establishment : Private apartment

Date of Visit : 6th March 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0405168515 Vietnamese Girl - Independent & Private Kim in Parramatta 0405168515 Fully shaved and Gorgeous  - Sydney escorts - cracker.com.au

Hours of Business : Have to ask

Rates : $70/30min for Massage, CBJ and happy ending & $120 for FS

Age : Claims to be 27, more like mid 30s

Size/shape : Size 10, D cups breasts (very nice)

Nationality or Ethnicity : Vietnamese

Services Provided : FS

Value for money/recommend? : yes

My experience/comments :

So I have had poor experiences with Cracker in the past where WL constantly posting up misleading ads. But stupid me was feeling horny today and wanted to see what ladies are available on Cracker and I came across this ad Vietnamese Girl - Independent & Private Kim in Parramatta 0405168515 Fully shaved and Gorgeous  - Sydney escorts - cracker.com.au. To be fair this ad was kind of different to other ads, she seems very strict and not interested in time wasters. So anyways, I sent her text asked her for her availability and says she is available today, we made an arrangement and agreed.

I visited her private apartment in Nth Parramatta, texted her to let her know I'm there, she told me to ring her bell so she can let me in, I made my way in, was greeted by a mid 30s Vietnamese lady in her sexy lingerie. She asked me which service I wanted and said FS and handed over my $120.

She asked me to get naked which I did while she washes up, I was lying in bed, she came out, took her lingerie off, climb on top of me, and allowed me to fondle with her great boobs and suck on them as well. And honestly, her boobs are fucking great and I enjoyed a lot sucking her boobs and at the same time fondling with them. I havent come across many Asian girls with great tits like her's.

She later got off me, grabbed a condom, straight away put it on my massive hard cock, she then proceeded to give me a CBJ, wasn't really great, felt rushed. Afterwards, she put my hard cock inside of her, the fucking was good, but she was pounding on me pretty hard while riding me and moaning very loudly. And to be fair, I hate it when Asian girls do that by moaning very loudly like they're in terrible pain when you're fucking them.

She later again got off me, I gave her doggy, then I asked her that I go on top and she agreed, the fucking continued, while she is moaning loudly as I fuck her, I was sucking on her tits again. I then later came, she asked me to get off her after I came. We then later laid in bed together for 5 min to catch our breath, she grabbed the wipes, took the condom off, cleaned up my fella, she then later gave me a massage which was good, wasn't really an effortless massage, but her massaging calves was great! While she was massaging me, we were talking, she said she has friends coming from Vietnam and she said they may do the same thing as she is doing.

After she finished massaging me, I got dressed, the door bell was ringing and it seems that her next client downstairs was waiting for his turn, I think we may have crossed paths as I wzas heading out.

But anyways, I definitely recommend her, the pictures in the ad is definitely her I would definitely love to come back and see her since we are in the same area if I am feeling horny and want a quick fuck.


