Thread Title: Xena - parramatta - 0431 060 540
Floor: #1
Post Time: 26th March 2019, 02:31 PM
Poster ID: Bobdob
Post Title: 
 Xena - parramatta - 0431 060 540
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Zena

Date of Visit : 26 Mar 19

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.escortsandbabes.com.au/P...dent/Reneetha/

Phone number : 0431060540

Hours of Business : 11 to late

Rates : 

30 mins - 150
1 hour - 300

Age : 30

Size/shape : 5’9” DD, curvy

Nationality or Ethnicity : Indian

Services Provided : Full Service

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience

Usual Tuesday punt. Was in the mood for something or a bit more exotic. Giave Zena  a call.  She looks just like she does in the pictures I’m sure pouring a less see-through dress. It got me instantly hard. Exchange money and got down to business. On with the Dom and she got straight into it. Very very enthusiastic blowjob. Sucking at the end Talemena like popping noise and she came off my dick. I was blue right then and there. Every now and again she would take out My cock and slap in the face.

 Asked for some DATY Wasn’t into it. She does like to get a little bit rough however. Which more than made up for it. Telling me to fuck her hard harder. Fletcher on the doggy so I could check at that arse, then fucked until I came. I think I only lasted about 10 minutes and that’s with a nine minute blow job. Definitely well worth a visit, Absolute blast.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 26th September 2019, 02:25 PM
Poster ID: Threepoint14
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Zena

Establishment : Private Apartment

Date of Visit : 24.09.19

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.escortsandbabes.com.au/P...dent/Reneetha/


Phone :0431060540


Hours of Business : 11 to late

Rates : 30 mins - 150
1 hour - 300

Age : 30+

Size/shape : Very Tall, Very Very Curvy

Nationality or Ethnicity : Indian

Services Provided : FS

Value for money/recommend? : Disappointed Punt

My experience/comments : Contacted Zena via Escorts and Babes website. One hour later got a reply so set up a meet. Apartment in Parramatta CBD. Arranged meet for 10pm kept me waiting outside for 15 mins. Was about to walk then got the invite inside. Greeted by Zena in pink sarong was surprised how tall she was. Pictures on EB are her but she is about 2 sizes bigger say at least a 16. I was shown to the bedroom and asked "what do you want?" I was about to walk with this type of attitude,I think it is just her strong dominant personality wasn't really interested just get it over with and give me your money type. Anyway took the half hour option $150 no shower offered. I got undressed. She sat on the bed and got a condom out from the draw and placed it on the table. Really non erotic. She has big saggy breasts and heaps of stretch marks all over her body and very dark skin not like to EB photos. I was disappointed by her appearance but paid the money so kept going with the punt. On with the condom and into CBJ she likes to slap your dick into her face as per previous review. She sucks and then stops and sort of sucks really hard and pops your cock out of her mouth like a lollipop. I wasn't interested in DATY so opted just to fuck her in missionary until I blew. Strange thing happened when I was fucking her I keep hitting something hard not sure what it was. Kinda hurt my cock. After she pulled condom off I noticed my cock was starting to bruise quite badly maybe condom was to small. Finished punt got dressed again no offer of shower. She was straight on the phone arranging next punter. WIR  not really my type so probably not. Cheers.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 29th October 2019, 01:45 PM
Poster ID: You
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by Threepoint14


 Strange thing happened when I was fucking her I keep hitting something hard not sure what it was. Kinda hurt my cock
"""



Could be one of two somethings that your hitting
1) If it was a large and more firm than hard, then you're cock has probably come to the end of her vagina and was bouncing against her Cervix. The cervix actually changes position during arousal and hardness during a woman's cycle. Some woman describe this as painful, others report it as pleasurable. 
2) If it was very small and hard, then it's possible you were coming into contact with the plastic extraction threads that are tied to the woman's contraceptive device (her IUD). I would have thought the condom would have made this unlikely, unless they had become looped or knotted.

Please note that I am NOT a medical practitioner of any sort, just an extremely enthusiastic fan of female genitalia


Floor: #4
Post Time: 29th October 2019, 02:51 PM
Poster ID: AP007
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by You


Could be one of two somethings that your hitting
1) If it was a large and more firm than hard, then you're cock has probably come to the end of her vagina and was bouncing against her Cervix. The cervix actually changes position during arousal and hardness during a woman's cycle. Some woman describe this as painful, others report it as pleasurable. 
2) If it was very small and hard, then it's possible you were coming into contact with the plastic extraction threads that are tied to the woman's contraceptive device (her IUD). I would have thought the condom would have made this unlikely, unless they had become looped or knotted.

Please note that I am NOT a medical practitioner of any sort, just an extremely enthusiastic fan of female genitali
"""



Or it could be one of those sponges WL use when on their period. Although I don't think they'd be hard, more firm.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 27th May 2020, 03:35 PM
Poster ID: sus619
Post Title: 
 Zena - Parramatta, NSW - 0431060540
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Zena

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 23/03/2020

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.escortsandbabes.com.au/Profile/NSW/Parramatta/Independent/Reneetha/

Phone : 0431060540

Hours of Business : by appointment

Rates : $150/30mins

Age : 30's advertised 26

Size/shape : BBW

Nationality or Ethnicity : Indian

Services Provided : Affectionate cuddling
Affectionate kissing
BJ
DFK
Doggy style
Kissing
Light spanking
Multiple positions
Role play
Sexy lingerie
Cuddling and Touching
Dirty Talk
Passionate Kissing
Escort
Full Service

Value for money/recommend? : yes

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)
I've always had a fascination for large women. And when I saw Zena's profile, I just had to meet her.
I messaged her to check her availability and she was very prompt in responding, which was easy enough.
Her apartment is a 10 minute walk from Parramatta stn.

When I entered her apartment, I noticed a tall woman wearing a transparent outfit standing behind the door. I realized that she wasn't the most beautiful woman but was sexually very attractive.
We chatted for a bit then she started taking her clothes off. She has huge boobs. I took off my clothes and she started sucking me off. I felt her skin was really smooth. She then asked me if I had any fantasy in mind, I just asked her to give me a prostate massage and she obliged.
That turned me on completely and asked her to climb on top of me. We did the woman on top for a bit and then finished off with missionary.

Overall my experience with zena was really good. I would recommend her if you are into large women. I will definitely visit her again sometime.


