Thread Title: Yada - Merrylands - 0413 244 764
Floor: #1
Post Time: 23rd March 2016, 04:59 PM
Poster ID: sandsifter
Post Title: 
 Yada - Merrylands - 0413 244 764
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name:Yada

Establishment : Private 

Date of Visit : 22 Feb 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0413 244 764,Merrylands, address on appointment.Found ad in Fairfield advertiser 

Hours of Business : Mon-Sat- 9:00am- 8:00pm

Rates : $120 hour massage HJ/$160 hour FS CBJ

Age  30

Size/shape : Pretty,very nice body with enhanced D boobs

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : FBM and CBJ,FS

Value for money: Ok but with some uncomfortable moments.

My experience/comments :

Have been to this place a few times and usually hook up with Jasmine who knows how to push my buttons but unfortunately she's having a weeks break and Lindy the boss asks I come and try Yada. Yes why not try Yada and on my way I went.

I arrived on time and was shown into a room where Yada was.She didn't look happy when she saw me and tried not to make eye contact.Makes me feel very nervous from the start but I decided to go for a shower and returned to the room.Although I felt uncomfortable I was quite taken by her looks and shapely body.

She didn't speak a lot but when she did her English was good.I decided to go with a back massage whilst trying to work out what cards to play to make sure it's not a complete waste of time and money.The massage was good as with most thai girls and I started to relax a bit and decided to take control by turning over and letting her see that I was standing to attention. Then a comical few minutes followed as she tried and failed to get 3 different condoms on me.Ended up putting one on myself and she proceeded to give me cbj which wasn't bad and certainly got the blood flowing.

Thought I had better get my lips on and into her smooth tight body.A little daty soon had her purring,she tasted fresh and sweet and I turned her to get some long tongue strokes between her pert cheeks.I'm not really into rimming but I went with her moans and gave her whatever she desired.Time to slide my cock into her puffed up fanny from the back,fuck that's good.I'm starting to lose control so decide to pull out and get her to do cowgirl.

Nice and slow and as deep as she can grind.It all feels good even though there's no eye contact or real connection.My hands are exploring her back and ass as she tries to build up speed.I tried to slow her down  but alas my sacks emptied without a fight.
A little disappointed as my cock slithered back into it's hole whilst she's still on top.God I miss my youth sometimes.

She does the customary cleanup and gives my legs and head a massage.A little more talkative now the deed is done,seems she has two kids and shows me the picture of them on the bedside cabinet.As with many cases of these girls working in Oz,their family's are overseas and they are sending back as much money as they can earn.I guess Yada must look at the pics of her family whilst she's doing the punters to get her through.
Hope I wasn't her worse one ?


