Thread Title: Yasmin Diaz - Sydney - 0450 435 600
Floor: #1
Post Time: 25th May 2010, 02:55 AM
Poster ID: karpiniak
Post Title: 
 Yasmin Diaz - Sydney - 0450 435 600
				
Post Content: 
Establishment and/or person's Name: Yasmin Diaz

http://www.yasmindiaz.com/home.html



Contact Details/Address:	info.yasmin@gmail.com

Prices:450/hour

Age:24

Size/shape:8-10

Nationality or Ethnicity:French-Argentinian

Services:escort

Value for money/recommend ? yes

My experience: I met Yasmin few weeks ago after rather frustrating attempt to contact her (tried email first, then left message on her mobile). She finally got back to me and we met. I must say she's very gorgeous, i didn't quite expect someone that nice. Overall great girlfriend experience, i won't go into details but highly recommended. Don't get discouraged by  late emails/sms as she often travels and is quite busy (no wonder why :-) )


Floor: #2
Post Time: 23rd May 2011, 01:39 AM
Poster ID: Glasshalffull
Post Title: 
 Yasmin Diaz - Sydney
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Yasmin Diaz

Establishment : Private worker

Date of Visit: early May 2011

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: Waterloo/Moore Park just off Bourke Street
0450 435 600 
info.yasmin@gmail.com

http://www.privategirls.com.au/yasmindiaz.php

and Stunning Independent Australian Escort Yasmin Diaz. Exotic European, Asia-Pacific Escort. Private Companion

and Yasmin Diaz | Australian Escorts| Sydney Brisbane Gold Coast Melbourne Townsville Perth Canberra tasmania escort

Hours of Business: Day and evenings

Rates: Normal $450 an hour - I paid her cracker autumn special of $350 see
http://cracker.com.au/inner-sydney-s...urn=1&pageno=1


Age: mid to late 20's

Size/shape: slim and athletic 

Nationality or Ethnicity: Ausatralian of mixed race heritage

Services Provided: CBJ, DFK, 69, CG, Mish, Doggie

Value for money/recommend?: Yes and Yes

My experience/comments: 

I have been meaning to see Yasmin for over a couple of years. But having curtailed my punting in 2010, due to a relationship, and a couple of times in 2009 I tried, but the timing was out for both of us. Anyway saw her Autumn special on cracker and gave her a call. She wasn't available for the couple of days when I was free and wanted to see her. But then my interstate travel was delayed, so I decided to give her a call and finally booked an appointment.

A great sexy voice on the phone and even huskier in person. Found her "shag pad" as she calls it, in one of those newish high rises in Waterloo. First impression was what a stunning looking lady. Beatiful dark eyes, exotic mixed heritage looks, slim athletic body, great dress revealing a nice set of legs and shoulders and nice long black hair. Are all those photo's her? I think so, but her skin tone appears to be darker than the photo's. Maybe she had a heavier tan than when the photo's were taken.

Anyway we settled in for a drink and a chat, the conversion flowed freely and we had a mutual area of interest re work/business. I wanted to lean in an kiss her, but I didn't get the right vibe, so I leaned back into the couch carried on the relaxed conversation and just admired her beauty. After 25 minutes she asked if I wanted a shower. When I returned from the shower she was in a little g-string revealing her small but perfectly shaped breasts. Went and finally gave her the kiss I had been wanting to plant on her earlier. She has fantastic soft skin and I couldn't help but run my hands all over her.

Started with a nice soft massage. After 5 minutes she asked me to roll over, a bit of touching and then on with the dom for about 5 minutes of fantastic CBJ. Then we started with some sensual cow girl. The tempo quicken before we went into mishionary position, then her legs up on my shoulders before a final vigourous session of doggie. By the time I came, I was heating up - partly because the heating was cranked up and partly because the vigorous finish. We lay there and chatted for a couple of minutes and then she asked if I wanted a shower. Had a quick shower and was hoping for a second session, but alas only a few minutes were left. So a couple of minutes of running my hands over her smooth body, was how I filled up the end of our session.

Was kicking myself that I had let things drift so much at the start - but that's as much my fault, as I enjoyed the conversation and the view at the time. Next time I will book a longer session, and start with the physical side before we get into a deep conversation.


