Thread Title: Yazmin - Collaroy - 0414 477 588
Floor: #1
Post Time: 12th July 2018, 05:31 PM
Poster ID: whiteywhite
Post Title: 
 Yazmin - Collaroy - 0414 477 588
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Yazmin

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : July 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0414 477 588

Hours of Business :  Unknown

Rates : $150 for 45 mins

Age : 40?

Size/shape : Tall, fit, tanned, massive bolt-ons

Nationality or Ethnicity : Egyptian?

Services Provided : Bodyslde RnT, FS 

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : Decide to try out Yazmin who advertises bodyslide RnT in various places (locanto, local paper etc).
She advertises herself as a mid 30's lady, but I think she's older. Her body is something most 20yr olds would be jealous of, but the face gives her away.
She's not my type in her looks - too much filler and botox for me, but her body is cracking hot. She does a nice tease while once you are on the table, bending over so you get lots of view of her snatch.
The massage is nice, but on the sensual side. I'd say she has training but probably more from a tantric massage place than remedial.
She spends the entire massage making sure you are having fun. There's tons of pussy being rubbed on your arms and legs and she uses her massive bolt ons to good effect to.
Come the flip she cranks up the intensity, and genuinly seems to have a good time herself, she plays with herself at times which is enjoyable to watch but slightly worrying when she has her fingers in her snatch one moment and the next on your cock. 
She also does everything except stick it in - there's hand play and spanish and simulated sex. She's certainly well rounded 

WIR? Yes, pretty sure there's more on offer next time, but she's away for a few weeks so will have to wait.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 12th July 2018, 05:48 PM
Poster ID: horny as hell
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Her current ad has her listed in Brisbane? I thought she left the Northern beaches a while ago. When did you see her?


Floor: #3
Post Time: 13th July 2018, 08:19 AM
Poster ID: whiteywhite
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Saw her this week but she did say she is going away for 3 weeks.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 14th December 2018, 03:15 PM
Poster ID: whiteywhite
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Yazmin

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : Dec 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0414 477 588

Phone :0414 477 588

Hours of Business : Late Morning till ?

Rates : $195 for 60 + Prostate

Age : late 40's

Size/shape : Smoking body for her age, huge fake D cups

Services Provided : Nude Body slide RnT, prostate massage, FS can be on offer

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments :  I decided to drop in to see Yazmin again.  I organise an hour, forgot to ask how much. Rocked up, into the shower and onto the table. She offers various drinks and really tries to make you the centre of attention. She's definately got a routine, but it still fun. It starts with her doing a strip tease and bending over so you get a full on snatch view to start with.

Her massage would never be consider therapeutic, she's not going to be knocking out any knots for you. It's 100% sensual erotic. She used a mix of warm oil, warm stones and hands. Plenty of tackle and date tickle, as well and things like putting her snatch on your hand while massaging your leg. She is pretty damn good at keeping your hard and horny the entire time, and even gets up on the table and rubs her snatch all over the back of your head and neck. 

After what seems like an age, finally got to turn over and take the pressure off the old fella. She then starts a mix of HJ, spanish, you name it. I took the optional prostate massage which she completes with a dom and lube over her fingers. 

The HJ was slow and definately not rushed, great technique, then afterwards a slow soft gradual stop, she doesn't just immediately stop when you let go. 
She then does a hot-towel, head massage, and it's off to the shower. 

The only thing I don't like about her service is the fact that she often will play with her own pussy, then grab your cock with that hand, then back to her puss, then back to your cock. I know some of you are all up for bareback but i prefer to play much safer. Of course in the heat of the moment you kind of ignore it, but i'd prefer she not do that.

Anway, was a very enjoyable hour.


