Thread Title: Yuki Norika - Sydney CBD - 0450 299 885
Floor: #1
Post Time: 5th May 2019, 07:36 PM
Poster ID: badnews99
Post Title: 
 Yuki Norika - Sydney CBD - 0450 299 885
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Yuki Norika

Establishment : Private Apartment

Date of Visit : May 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Haymarket, Sydney CBD   https://yumibodi.weebly.com/

Phone : 0450-299-885

Hours of Business : 24-7

Rates : 30/$170, 60/$230, stay at home & J.O. Free!

Age : 40-60, who can tell these days

Size/shape : Slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Japanese

Services Provided : Massage & F.S. but she does a range of kinky shit you might be into, plus she trying to get you to buy a lamp.

Value for money/recommend? : No damn way

My experience/comments : Sent her a couple of texts, responded quickly, I was off to meet her and she asked me to wait about 20mins due to another customer?
wasn't quite sure what that was all about but I had time to wait for a coffee before she gave me her Apartment number.

Thought I would try some costume play and asked her to dress up as a school girl, too easy she replied and she sent me a picture of an outfit crumpled up on the floor that was red tartan?
WTF I was thinking of the sailor girl looking outfit, fuck it, should be fine I thought

arrived at her place and she invited me in and she was dressed in street clothes, what a let down, she talked about the outfit and showed it too me, she said she can put it on but the mood had already started.

She offered me a drink, I choose coke, which was flat, this was already looking dodgy, her apartment isn't small but it is a bloody mess, asked to use the bathroom, omg even worse, at this point I should have run.
It was filthy, this is a near new apartment and the toilet looked disgusting, hair all over the sink. How the hell do I get myself into this shit?

Anyone, paid her the $230. and got my kit off as did she, now her face is a mess, no where as good as her pictures, which she did acknowledge and complained the photographer had done too much Photoshop.
which he did, she still has a killer body though, lovely perky fir tits and sweet looking pussy, Face? cracked and plastered.

She began with a sloppy oil massage and this is about 30 mins in and she hasn't shut up for more than 5 seconds the whole time. 
She begins to give me these half assed toothy blow job (covered), stops every 10 secs to tall me some un-related bullshit, then she starts going on about porn and proceeds to get her ipad out and try and find some porn (That she likes) on it.
Then (I told you this was a disaster) she side tracks onto some lamp that she has bought that lights up when you talk to it. OMG who gives a shit, just keep sucking my dick please!
This went on for 15mins, got to see various sizes of lamp, plus asked which one I liked, like I gave a shit! Then finally she finds some porn and hands me this dirty fucking ipad to hold while she goes back to blowing me.

I passed the ipad off, its distracting, a bit like a competition showing you what you could have won, I lost.
She hoped around a few times then decided its fucking time, thank god!
tried a couple of positions but I was losing strength fast (dick wise)
ended up missionary and I blew my load as fast as i could, condom actually came off and I pulled up and came in my hand, don't worry she says and cleaned me up.
quick shower and got the hell out,

Her photos look great and she offer's a variety of shit, I suggest you pick none and run the other way.






 Attached Images


Floor: #2
Post Time: 6th May 2019, 09:21 AM
Poster ID: onerandomdude
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I think shes used to work out of Haymarket under a different name Satomi before cracker went down. I had the same experience, mouldy apartment, skinny figure, wanted to watch porn the whole time, it felt like I could have barebacked her at any point and she wouldn't have cared....I didn't even finish my session.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 8th May 2019, 12:18 AM
Poster ID: CunningLinguist
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I went to see her once and walked, those pictures are ancient, she is very baggy skinny and old in the flesh, didn't turn me on one bit.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 10th November 2019, 12:07 AM
Poster ID: skaterg
Post Title: 
 Yuki, Sydney 0450 299 885
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Yuki

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 18 Oct 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.escortsandbabes.com.au/P...nt/YukiNorika/

Phone : 0450299885

Hours of Business : 10:45am - 3am

Rates : $230/h 

Age : 26

Size/shape : Slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Japanese

Services Provided : Full GFE

Value for money/recommend? : No

My experience/comments : The pre-action chatter went for way too long (to the point of annoyance). She then gets you to shower and she scrubs you all over, then takes you to bed. No DKF as per her profile description. Her BBBJ was ok, but as i was about to cum she jerked me off. I asked for CIM and thats when she tells me its extra for CIM. Its not all that easy to walk into the other room, grab your wallet and fork out some more cash while you are cumming. I booked an hour but after this (30 mins) i was frustrated and left.


