Thread Title: Yuki - Macquarie Park - 0421 182 290
Floor: #1
Post Time: 22nd January 2019, 09:31 PM
Poster ID: southpacific80
Post Title: 
 Yuki - Macquarie Park - 0421 182 290
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Yuki

 Establishment: Private

 Date of Visit:16/1/19

 Contact Details/Address/Weblink: Escortsandbabes.com.au

 Phone : 0421182290

 Rates:$180/30mins, $300/hr

 Age: ~30

 Size/shape: Small, MILFY, bit saggy

 Nationality or Ethnicity: Stated as Japanese, but really Chinese

 Services Provided: Full Service

 Value for money/recommend?: Not at all. Avoid!

 My experience/comments:

So was very interested in her advertisement on the website offering passionate GFE but ended up being pretty disappointed. Incall location in North Ryde in a new apartment block. Wouldn't answer any calls and would only text (this should have been a warning bell but I chose to ignore).

Girl who answered the door was very much Chinese, 30 something MILF. Short with long black hair. She smiled and took me to one of the bedrooms with a mattress on the floor, before asking duration. By this time I knew it was a classic bait and switch but I thought, what the hell, and went for 30mins. She took the money, before removing her clothes and then just lied there on the mattress, whilst I was fully clothed. I asked if I could have a shower first so she took me to the bathroom, where I noticed her housemate was actually in the lounge room sleeping under a blanket. She pointed to the shower, and actually put a load of washing on whilst I was in there.

Back to the bedroom, she closed the door, asked me to lie down and she started with a light cat bath... licking my nipples and then proceeded down my chest. She was about to start bbbj but I asked for cbj, so she just stopped, rolled over, got the cover, put it on and then asked for me on top. I kinda asked for a bit of kissing or foreplay to start, but she was pretty adamant that wasn't on, despite advertising "passionate gfe". So I was just like fuck it, went to mish and proceeded to pound away for 5mins before blowing. Took off the cover, had a quick shower and was out of there in 20mins total. Probably one of the worst punts I've had!


