Thread Title: Yumi - Lidcombe - 0450 812 799
Floor: #1
Post Time: 5th February 2015, 08:43 AM
Poster ID: Obo2192
Post Title: 
 Yumi - Lidcombe - 0450 812 799
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Yumi

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 31/12/2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0450812799

sexy japenes yumi - Inner Western Sydney | Adult services | Erotic | Cracker

Hours of Business : 8PM

Rates : 100/half hour or  170/1hr

Age : I'd say mid thirties

Size/shape : Maybe a size 8. about 165CM

Nationality or Ethnicity : Ad states Japanese, but l think she looked Chinese

Services Provided : BBBJ, FS, HJ, Massage.

Value for money/recommend? : Not really, but YMMV

My experience/comments : So on the day of NYE l decided to have my last punt of the year. Since l prefer to go with privates rather than brothels since l get rather anxious going to one. Went on cracker right after work, hoping to find someone to help me unload my seed. So I had seen her had a few times on cracker and decided to give her a call. Person who picked up the phone wasn't Yumi since she has poor english, but the receptionist who answered spoke ok english. So Yumi works with another younger Korean girl who is a bit chubbier apparently, but l didn't get to see her since she had finished by the time l got there.

Booked Yumi and headed out to Lidcombe, they're located in a new apartment near the McDonalds. Rocked up and this Korean looking lady opens the door and l'm hoping this isn't Yumi as she was a bit of a pork chop, but not ugly nor pretty. It was the receptionist fortunately. Yumi appeared in this mesh hugging dress wearing heels. Now the photo in her ad is definitely her pair of tits as they looked just like the picture. However she appeared about mid 30s which l didn't mind as l do have a thing for MILFs . The face wasn't anything to write home about, but ok.

Went for a shower, bathroom was clean. Came back in and Yumi started with an alright BBBJ. She smelled of smokes, which is a bit of a turn off but that didn't deter me from the oral. After a about 5 minutes we went for mish and Yumi put the dom on with her mouth. Blew inside her not long after, she offered a massage and was using a dry towel to massage me which l wasn't sure if clean or not. It felt rushed as after 10 mins she wanted to give me HJ which l did agree to. We then swapped to doggy and so l pounded away. The worse part of the session was during this position her pussy started to give off this foul odour. Not extremely strong, but was enough to soften my little man.

Got her to finish off with a HJ which she then ran my dick up and down with her hand so fast it started too hurt. Had her slow down and eventually came again. Didn't allow COT though as she had a very nice pair of tits.

Overall it was mechanical and seemed rushed. In my books not worth a return, but she did have a nice pair of tits. However l may come back and visit the other younger korean girl, but YMMV with Yumi.

Cheers


