Thread Title: Yumie - 513 Princess Hwy Blakehurst - 0410 883 248
Floor: #1
Post Time: 10th February 2016, 12:02 AM
Poster ID: jonnydang77
Post Title: 
 Yumie - 513 Princess Hwy Blakehurst - 0410 883 248
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Yumie

Establishment : 513 Princess Hwy Blakehurst

Date of Visit : 2nd Feb 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : The St George Leader Advertisement:
"A tiny pretty sexy Asian lady. Best swervice. Ultimate pleasure. Private. Easy parking Ph: 0410 883 248"

Hours of Business : She operates from 10am-6pm.

Rates : $70 for 30mins, $120 for 1hr

Age : She says she is 35, but I reckon more on the side of 40

Size/shape : Size 5 or 6, quite slim, Size A tits with nice nipples. Flat bum and shapely legs

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese/Hong Kong/Singaporean

Services Provided : full service

Value for money/recommend? : YMMV

This bird works independently out of the Blakehurst Motor Inn. Prior to arriving I text her one last time and she gives me the unit number.
There is ample parking at the Motor Inn as well as in the adjacent street

The unit is quite small and dimly lit. A queen size bed and a single size bed adorn the unit. The shower and toilet cubicle is in a delapidated state. She has a good provision of clean towels and small TV is playing in the background.

We get the formalities out of the way and I give her $120 for a 1hr session. She says I can pop the gun as many times within the hour.

Yumie is quite petite - I'd place her in her early 40's, she is a size 5 or 6. her height is around 1.50m and weighs approx. 45kgs
Size A tits with nice erect nipples. She has a flat arse, is fair skinned and her body is quite smooth.
Shoulder length black hair, a round face, She has some tummy fat. She has a very small and extremely tight pussy. Long pubes cover the slit.
She doesn't have that typical Asian smell/scent.

After a quick shower I dry off and notice she is lying naked on the bed. A discovery session commences with plenty of fondling and foreplay
She hops on top of me and begins the suck my nipples - this doesn't do much for me and eventually she heads south.
She dom's me up and starts working the rod. There is plenty of sack and shaft work. Quite toothy at times, but after some instructions and guidance she manages to redeem herself. I am quickly getting close to edge and put her on her back and ask for mish, she changes the raincoat for a clean one and lubes herself thoroughly. Even with the lube, she is tight..extremely tight!
She says I am big (she probably says this to every guy) and just for record I am no Ron Jeremy. But this bird has seen more pricks than a second hand dartboard....so I guess she's the expert.

Anyway I start shafting away, quickly becoming excited and go hell for leather. I notice she is in some form of discomfort. 
I slow down the tempo and extract the helmeted warrior of love. I ask her to grab the viper with her hand so she can control the speed and penetration. So with one hand on my rod and the other on my bum she starts controlling the speed and depth of the penetration. 
I prefer a deeper penetration but I didn't want to upset her as I wanted to pop the barrel 3 times.

After about 5mins of shafting she starts FOAM'ing. It was quite mechanical, superficial and somewhat synthetic but I went along with it.
As I was edging closer to the line I tried to DFK her but she wouldn't have any that. 
Finally I climaxed and pop the first round into the glove....she cleans me up and we get ready for round 2.

She gives me massage which was ok but nothing to write home about. 
She begins to work my arse and scrotum area and Whilst lying down I lift my pelvis/arse, she grabs my cock and starts tugging and milking the snake. I am rock hard and she instructs me flip over. She dom's me up and I ask her for some cowgirl. 
I explain to her that she will have better control of the penetration but she declines.
I can't convince her so back to MISH it is.
This time I take it slow and in slow motion I begin to work and shaft her tight pussy. Making sure the rod rubs hard against her clitoris.
5 minutes of this slo-mo action and she is dripping wet. As I am shafting away I can hear a squishing sound as the rod is inserted and extracted from her love tunnel, she begins to moan, says something in chinese, she shudders and goes off like a fire cracker. 
She clamps her legs around my legs, pushes my pelvis/arse down onto her pussy, sticks her tongue down my throat and begins to DFK me.
I climax and release the tadpoles into the plastic bag a second time. As I am lying on top of her I decide to disengage but she holds me down tightly, probably still trying to come back down to earth, Eventually we disengage and another cleanup in preparation for round 3.

Time is not on my side so we decide for a Rub'n Tug to finish off the session. Pretty much the same as above and eventually through persistance and good hand relief I pop the gun a third time. We were a bit over time but she didn't seem too concerned by it.

All up the service is ok, the price is reasonable, don't expect PSE or GFE and finally YMMV.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 10th February 2016, 08:35 AM
Poster ID: kandiman
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Great post and detailed info sounds like a good one to see pretty cheap for the hour


Floor: #3
Post Time: 29th February 2016, 10:18 AM
Poster ID: ColKilgore
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Yumie

Establishment : 513 Princess Hwy Blakehurst

Date of Visit : 27 Feb 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : The St George Leader Advertisement:
"A tiny pretty sexy Asian lady. Best service. Ultimate pleasure. Private. Easy parking Ph: 0410 883 248"

Hours of Business : 10 - 6 but i booked after that time. 

Rates : $70 for 30mins, $120 for 1hr

Age : I'm taking bets on at least 50yr old.

Size/shape : Small frame but not shapely. Flat arse. 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese?

Services Provided : FS if you want.

Value for money/recommend? : For a drive-thru/pop n go.



Howdy Pals,

Feeling toey and facing the end of a long drive, I was weighing up a couple of options. Neither of them involved much dollar which kinda narrows things down, and time wasn't on my side so it was a case of ring a couple of numbers and see what happens. One in Beverley Hills had gone home, I wouldn't of made it to Kogarah in time but hmm, lets go try this one out... at least go have a look.

I rang, got a reply with "I'm closed daahlinn," but after a quick chat and 'what you wanna do?/ you been here before?' etc, I was on my way.

Pretty easy to park and it was dark by this time so I headed up to her room and pushed the door open a bit n peered in. Not overly surprised with what I saw I decided to go in, just get over the line and get out. Dressed in a flimsy nightdress she walked towards me. I could see her nipples poking through the slightly see-through cloth and that got me slightly aroused.

She was sweating a lot which wasn't really a turn on, and I offered $50 for massage/hj/bj... anything she could fit in really. I think Yumie was quite surprised and thankful she wouldnt have to fuck again this day, and was blaming the heat for sweating profusely. Money changed hands, she lost the nightdress to reveal a fairly nice little pair of tits but the rest of the body I just couldn't get excited about. I think she dyes her hair too. But anyway....

We're both naked and onto the bed we go where she starts some light leg/ball/shaft caressing. This visit is more about being touched and not by who's touching me because at this point the name of the game is ejaculating 10cc's of fluid from my body, and she can do whatever she's been doing best for the past couple of decades to help me achieve this. Five minutes in and some reach-arounds, I roll over and she kneels between my legs. "U want suck?" Well, hey why not. She gets off the bed, grabs a condom, gets back into her original position and is soon blowing me... but using this weird teeth technique along my shaft, biting it in four places as she works her way up. I prefer the long deep sucking kinda girl, so get her to change routine. 

This goes on for a while and is quite satisfactory. i play with her tits a bit but she likes to keep her distance and backs away a little when I go to hold her hair back etc. Then she looks at me "U wanna sex?"

Hey, I'm hard so why not. But she thinks better of it, her eyes glazing over into a 1000-punt stare, the kind you only get when you've been there, and quickly says "hmmm maybe you go long time..." Then, even though she's already made up her mind with visions of marathon fuck sessions reeling through her head she still asks "You go long time!?" 

I sack that idea off quite happily, only because I'm quite good a losing a boner when I have to debate/ discuss/ barter during a sexual encounter. And there's nothing romantic about this one, It's watching someone prepare various dishes for a dinner as she goes from task to task.

I snap the condom off and decide I need to get this done with. Motioning with some oil and her finger, I give her the idea to tug me off while she lightly plays with my anus and balls. Up once again to grab another condom to slip on her finger, she's back between my legs and getting to work while I lay back and close those peepers.

Some fairly consistent shaft work gets me popping one out of the barrel and she flinches back, trying not to get in the line of fire. 

Sack thus emptied, we have a bit of a mop up, a brief massage to wind things down with ensues but my mind is already out the door. Job done, time to politely bid farewell and shift on home.

For a quick visit, a one-off it's doable, but not worth a return for me.

Cheers.


