Thread Title: Yumiko Anal Hottie Penrith WARNING ! -0478 020 172
Floor: #1
Post Time: 16th December 2015, 01:17 PM
Poster ID: james31
Post Title: 
 Yumiko Anal Hottie Penrith WARNING ! -0478 020 172
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : The add says Yumiko but who knows really

Establishment : Cracker Ad - This one works out of a Caravan Park in Emu Plains

Date of Visit : 16/12/15 

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Cracker Ad ; Brand NEW !!Anal hottie . extremely sexy ! - Australia escorts - cracker.com.au  Phone number in ad is 0478020172, but you get a response from 0401548626
Hours of Business : All day and night ?

Rates : 30 min $110

Age : 35-40 ??

Size/shape : Size 12 to 14 quite fat, saggy tits , no real redeeming features

Nationality or Ethnicity : Japanese supposedly

Services Provided : CBJ and FS

Value for money/recommend? : No no no !  Keep away !

My experience/comments :  Well gentlemen this was one of the singularly worst punting experiences in the last 5 years, I was planning to make my 200th post a standout experience and when I saw the ad on Cracker for a model looking Japanese Anal queen I thought this was going to be it and I could regale you all with the luscious details but the ad is a total fake and a typical bait and switch.  I texted as asked and got a reply almost straight away with the price details and the address which was odd, I texted back to make sure it included BBBJ and the reply was for 1 hour including BBBJ was $180 so I was hooked, I asked for an 8:30 am booking and was told this was fine just text when I show up.
You would think that I have been around long enough to know what was happening particularly when I looked up the address sent to me and it was a Caravan park in Emu Plains but no, me the dummy called and asked " Are you working privately ? answer: Yes , Are you working from the caravan park ? answer: no private residence, Are you working with other ladies ? answer : no "  So I figured hey a transient WL working from a cabin, sounds perfectly fine to me, I have had some OK experiences in Caravan parks over the years.
So in the morning I arrive and yes it is the Caravan park, I text and am told to go to Room 6 which just turns out to be a row of tiny rooms in what looks like a long demountable building, I thought as I walked towards it " shit this looks bad, turn around and go" but no I must be fucked in the head and keep going.  I get to the door which is slightly ajar, I figure she has left it open so I don't knock and disturb the (very close) neighbours so I push the door open and it hits the chain lock but I see her lying semi asleep on the bed... WTF.  She rolls over and opens the door, and she is telling me off for making her wait I said I am right on time, I texted as asked etc  this is not going good, the room is tiny and reeks of cigarette smoke why the fuck I stayed is beyond me.
Anyway she is as ugly as sin, she says she can only do 30 minutes because she has a booking ( which it turns out was me ) , she then tells me she can't do BBBJ because she has a sore tooth and she can't do anal because it is too early in the morning...
Anyway I pay , she sucks me deepthroat which was Ok, I do her doggie on the bed which is OK , I can't stop thinking about the cigarette smoke and the now she is doing the bullshit fake moan and all I can think about is the paper thin walls and the poor bloody neighbours in this tincan who can hear everything going on so I am well and truly over it no way am I going to blow. So she eventually agrees to let me blow over her tits and all I want to do is get out of there.
Forget about a shower , no chance of that.

She complains that her handler just keeps sending blokes and she was still working at 3am, fuck me this is just as bad as it gets.

I fuck off out of there asap less than 20 minutes after I began only to get bombarded by texts asking where am I and followed by a call at 9am asking "where are you baby ?" I tell her you have the wrong bloke, she says no no, I say I have already been I was there at 8:30, she promptly hangs up.

All in all one fucked up experience , sort of like the thing I might have done when I was 20 young and stupid, I guess I am just older and stupid now,  keep right away fella's.

So much for finishing the year on a high note ! I need to find some perky young thing to help me get over the disaster of today !


Floor: #2
Post Time: 16th December 2015, 03:56 PM
Poster ID: Jack Kerouac
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
James31,

You have the soul of a true punter.

Even knowing it is bad going in, you feel compelled to continue!

Well done my friend.

Uncle Jack


Floor: #3
Post Time: 16th December 2015, 04:07 PM
Poster ID: unclepj
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks James
You saved me from a very bad punt
The ad looked ok but when I called and asked for the address noting got texted to me so I abandoned the chase.
Pj


Floor: #4
Post Time: 16th December 2015, 04:58 PM
Poster ID: andy85
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
At least you've TICKED the box bro.
That's pretty fucked up.. how abt planning for your 201 punt on a high


Floor: #5
Post Time: 16th December 2015, 06:57 PM
Poster ID: Probe
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by unclepj


Thanks James
You saved me from a very bad punt.
P
"""



Thanks James , you Saved me too, the ad looked great. I'm a bit of a sucker, even if it looks like it's going to be a bad punt, I still go ahead. I can't help myself. It's a combination of the little head taking over and my fear of getting caught entering or leaving an establishment so when I'm inside I'm going to fuck, i guess I think it doubles the chance of getting caught walking and going elsewhere.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 16th December 2015, 08:44 PM
Poster ID: Manpower
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Lets all chip in $10 each and give it to James so he can have a better xmas punt.Your a good man James i would of walked straight out.We all have had our bad punts i suppose its part of what we do.This forum is so helpful and useful.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 17th December 2015, 09:27 AM
Poster ID: james31
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks for all the kind comments, I think I am more annoyed with myself for being a dickhead and staying, I simply should have known better, you would think after all these years of punting experience I would have learnt something !

What have I learnt from this ?

1. If it sounds too good to be true it usually is.
2. If there are little alarm bells ringing right from first contact listen to your brain and not your dick !
3. Don't be afraid to walk, don't believe that the punt is magically going to resurrect itself by whipping out your dick.

By the way Probe you did remind me that I didn't mention that the walk of shame out of this place is a shocker, I had to park at the front outside some cabin and the people were sitting out the front having a smoke, you then proceed to walk down past a long road of cabins and you are visible to all, there is no hiding the fact that you just went into a cabin/room for 30 minutes and back out and the long line of other punters that have preceded over the day/night would make it obvious even to the most oblivious observer that there is something more going on down the road than a prayer meeting...


Floor: #8
Post Time: 21st December 2015, 10:26 AM
Poster ID: Tinypenisbigheart
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Respect to you James!


