Thread Title: Yuri - Haymarket - 0415 542 336
Floor: #1
Post Time: 29th March 2017, 05:14 PM
Poster ID: horny as hell
Post Title: 
 Yuri - Haymarket - 0415 542 336
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Yuri

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 29/03/2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Naughty fun, young hottie new to sydney - Sydney escorts - backpage.com.au 0415542336

Hours of Business : not sure saw her at 3pm

Rates : $180 half hour

Age : 30s

Size/shape : short , bit dumpy

Nationality or Ethnicity : Japanese?

Services Provided : HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Nope

My experience/comments : I offered in the general forum to review any suggestions made.This was the first one.
Sent a text at about 8.30am - got a reply at about 11 and set up to meet at 3 - address in Haymarket given. Drove down and parked in Surry Hills and walked over to the block. 
She told me she'd meet me downstairs - waited about ten minutes and was about to give up when she arrived - very definitely not the hottie in the pictures. Short , not fat but not slim, wearing a very conservative dress. Led me into the block and up to a nice apartment that looks like it is shared by at least a few others. No shower offered but I had just had one. Just asked for half hour as I had a feeling this was going to be a bit of a dud.
We both undressed and got onto the bed - no shower offered but I'd just had one before leaving in case. Absolutely no kissing allowed, not even of her breasts. Definitely no DATY . She got me hard with her hand and then exclaimed that I was way too big to fuck her - then asked if I'd like a double. No thanks said I but enquired whether her friend would at least be able to fuck me - she said she doubted it. She wanted to do a CBJ but I said to just wank me off and I'd be out of there. Proceeded with a pretty mechanical HJ while I closed my eyes and imagined better punts. Came, cleaned up, left. (was offered a shower now but just wanted out)
On the way out I noticed a lot of towels out to dry on the balcony. Pretty sure there are several working out of here and if you answer that same ad you might well end up with a different girl. I really wouldn't bother though - service was way below what I'd expect even from a much cheaper punt.
Open to suggestions to review anyone else that hasn't already been reviewed on here.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 30th March 2017, 04:16 AM
Poster ID: drifter2914
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks for TOFTT. I don't get to Sydney often but when I do I appreciate the intel - travelling 3+ hours for a bad punt would just annoy me


Floor: #3
Post Time: 30th March 2017, 08:34 AM
Poster ID: yumyum
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Your first instincts are usually right..."asked for half hour as I had a feeling this was going to be a bit of a dud." I have learnt to walk on those occasions, but always have a backup plan, or 2 given 50% of punts are "duds" as you say.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 30th March 2017, 11:04 AM
Poster ID: horny as hell
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by yumyum


Your first instincts are usually right..."asked for half hour as I had a feeling this was going to be a bit of a dud." I have learnt to walk on those occasions, but always have a backup plan, or 2 given 50% of punts are "duds" as you say
"""



This one was a mission given to me by a fellow punter - trying to review a bunch of previously unseen workers.

I don't think that many are duds - maybe my standards are just low  I very seldom walk, I like to come before I go. 

Popped in to one of my favourite joints later last night to make up for this one.


