Thread Title: Yuri - Rhodes - 420 763 596
Floor: #1
Post Time: 4th December 2018, 10:57 AM
Poster ID: bigdickmalone
Post Title: 
 Yuri - Rhodes - 420 763 596
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Yuri

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : December 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://m.locanto.com.au/sydney/ID_2...-At-Rhode.html

Hours of Business : Weekdays

Rates : $150 half hour

Age : maybe mid 20s

Size/shape : As pictured in ad

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian

Services Provided : Full service

Value for money/recommend? : yes but a bit clinical

I've seen her advertise for a while but never take the bait. Also searching on here didn't reveal any reviews so was hesitant to make a booking.

Was in Rhodes for business and after searched for a punt and her ad came up, decided to give it a go.

 Contacting her was easy and we organise a time. Got to her apartment and she opens the door and first thing I notice is that she is indeed as she appears in the pics and she is tiny (maybe 5') still I'm relieved that there are not fake pics

Finances out of the way and all showered, shes waiting for me, she strips revealing a pair of nice bolt ones. I lie down and get hard instantly, she puts on a condom and sucks me, taking my dick into her mouth as far as it can go. 

After few I get her to jump on me and ride me. I get to grab onto her nice breast while they are fake they aren't the hard crappy ones some women have. So they are a good grab. She is moaning but it's clinical

I then get her into missionary were I pound her and she is going for it, I then flip her over and get to take her doggy style. Shes got a nice tiny shapely ass which I grab onto and fuck her doggy style until I cum

That's it I don't really stay for any chit chat just have another shower and head off

Was a good punt but very little talk and a bit clinical, just wham bam thank you

Would I recommend her - yes if you like the quick no chit chat sex or if you maybe go longer and develop some sort of rapport with her.

For me I just like the in and out style of punting

Cheers,

Big D


Floor: #2
Post Time: 4th February 2019, 10:50 PM
Poster ID: ikarishin
Post Title: 
 Yuri - Concord West - 0420 763 596
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Yuri

Establishment : N/A

Date of Visit : January 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://au.skokka.com/escorts/sydney...hb9v229975604/

Phone : 0420763596

Hours of Business : By appointment

Rates : 200 per half hour

Age : mid-20s

Size/shape : small, curvy

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Full service

Value for money/recommend? : No

My experience/comments : Yuri was definitely the girl in the ad, though perhaps the photos were slightly retouched. Very nice boobs. Friendly demeanour upon introduction but things became mechanical in the bedroom. She must see a lot of clients or maybe this job doesn't interest her that much because it was like she has a set routine / timing of doing things and all I was was a spectator to the event. At one point I asked if she would like to lip kiss, and although she smiled and said yes! it scored me only one peck lol. She wouldn't allow daty so after some pretty uninteresting time i just pounded her from behind, finished showered and left feeling a bit dissapointed.


