Thread Title: Zara - Sydney (CBD) - 0421 836 983
Floor: #1
Post Time: 30th January 2014, 07:22 PM
Poster ID: milkyjoe
Post Title: 
 Zara - Sydney (CBD) - 0421 836 983
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Zara

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 30/1/2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0421836983, www.xxxglamourescort.com, has a locanto ad and cracker ad too but cant be bothered to post.

Hours of Business : 10am to 11pm she said to me today.

Rates : 300 for 30 mins fs and 400 for the hr fs. I think there are cheaper options for just massage listed somewhere.

Age : 23

Size/shape : kinda short to medium height. size 8, nice fake boobs that could semi pass for perky real ones as they arent over done but small scar visible. she is slim, with a very slight tummy on her, probably not even worth mentioning.

Nationality or Ethnicity : russian/kazakstanian

Services Provided : bbbj, dfk, massage, footjob, 69, hj, cim (kinda), facesitting, fingering (pussy and ass) me on her. And her fingering herself pussy and ass.

Value for money/recommend? : Yeh

My experience/comments : So after releasing some built up tension with the massage, i couldnt help myself for some real sex and a blowjob so another gem i found that is also listed on the same site, looked the goods. I rang and made an appointment very quick and easy for about 40 mins away. Got a snack and looked in some shops and picked up a nice block of expensive chocolate for the pretty lady i was about to visit. (girls love chocolate). I got to the room, again in the cbd near QVB. Was greeted by another sexy girl. Photos are real. Handed over the chocolate and i asked for a glass of water. In the room before handing over money i decided to see exactly what was on the table and what i would go for i choose 30 mins for 300 but after about 2 mins quickly got the extra hundred to make it the hour. Almost forked out the extra 100 again for anal but she said my thing was a bit big but we could do if i really wanted i decided maybe next time.

So we started with some kissing fingering and HJing. It was really nice and she quickly realized i loved feet, and im not a weird foot guy or anything. But her feet were perfect size 3 and she started rubbing them all over me and down to my cock. she really got off on it and said her ex really liked feet and it turns her on having them sucked and rubbed and dick all over them. So we did that for a bit. She then came sat on my face and rode my and shoke her big ass. She has a great ass. we swung round into 69 and i began licking and fingering her while she sucked hard on my dick. I slowly started playing with her ass and testing the waters to see her reaction, i did it so gracefully and skillfully i was even a bit proud of myself for not shoving it right in, i was that horny i was wanting to. But she loved it, slowly and slowly my finger was in her ass and she was sucking harder and harder and ramming her ass back on my finger and pussy back on my tongue and i exploded in her mouth before she held my dick and shot the rest out over and landed on my leg. Im not suprised it was a super sized load.

Round one was done and we chatted for a bit and I said to her 'we didnt even get to have sex' she replied thats ok another time and i said yeh in 5 minutes and she said 'no' I was like WHAT haha. Then she said she was joking, I was thinking thank fuck. we chatted and i began playing her pussy and feet and i was hard again in no time. this time on with the dom and into doggy. her ass was so damn good in doggy, big round juicy and so damn hot. i pounded away for a while and was close to cumming but wanted to cum on her feet this time. and took it out but as i took it out lost my erection =( Fucking condoms. i tried to get hard again and managed to but pushing myself across the line for number 3 was hard and i didnt think i was going to make it. she tried really hard to, telling me to cum for her and playing with both her holes for me. I shoulda got her to suck on it again that woulda worked or if she jumped on top and jiggled her ass for me in cowgirl wow i would of blew again but i was happy and chatted for the reaming 5 - 10 minutes. had a quick shower gave her a kiss and then went on my way.

overall. great ass, great size 3 feet, lovely skin, nice boobs, good sucking probably 8/10 which is a pretty good score only about 4 girls have gotten a 10 out 10 from me. nice girl, funny personality, a bit quirky. price for the half hr for 300 is a bit steep but for the 400 for the hour isnt to bad. I think im going to go back into retirement or just see regulars for a bit again.


