Thread Title: Zoe - Rosehill - 0410 800 668
Floor: #1
Post Time: 21st December 2016, 08:49 PM
Poster ID: Bluey651
Post Title: 
 Zoe - Rosehill - 0410 800 668
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Zoe

Establishment : Private Unit Rosehill

Date of Visit : 21/12/2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Absolutely genuine - Gorgeous, young & fun me want you to come to my bed  - Sydney escorts - backpage.com.au

Hours of Business : 9am to 10.00pm

Rates : $165 hour

Age : early 30

Size/shape : size 10ish but little tone B-cups with long nipples, pretty face and fun girl

Nationality or Ethnicity : Taiwanese

Services Provided : oral sex CBJ full service - sex Rimming, anal play, DATY

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

I saw Zoe's add and communication was easy via text. I made an appointment and was 10 minutes early. I was let in and was greeted by a pretty girl in red bra and knickers. Nice cuddle and kiss and was given a cold bottle of water and a chocolate. I paid the $165 and extra $50 for GFE.
I was left to disrobe after a nice DFK. I hopped in the shower and Zoe joined me. She cuddled and responded well to my touch and licking of her nipples and playing with her clit. She kept up,the DFK and kept washing the meat and veg. We were cleaned and ready. Off to the bed.
She lowered herself onto me and kept kissing me and feeding me her breasts. After a while a lay her down and gave her a slight cat bath. I then went DATY. She was clean and got very wet. She kept moaning only very slightly and would shake a little. She then moaned quite loudly and shuddered. This happened twice as I was down ther for a while.
Zoe was very horny. She rolled me over while kissing. And reaching for my dick. She then straddled me in a 69 and commenced a deep and passionate CBJ. I couldn't resist. I went for the 69 and was also rimming her. She went wild and stopped the CBJ and slowly licked my shaft as she came. I then gently put a finger in here arse, one in her bag and started to slurp at her clot. Zoe went over the edge. She went DT and kept sucking and then suddenly stopped as she came again,  And again. I needed some action myself. We want cowgirl. Zoe slowly lowered herself on and made sure I was fully in. She then did not move as she kept pulsing her vagina around my cock. I loved it. I had access to all of her as she kept pulsing. We then started some slow and deep fucking. Sucking breasts, nips, rubbing clits, ball sack cupping. It was all happening. We want Mish and side saddle.
In side saddle Zoe raised her leg for me to access her clit. She flinched a little as I went deeper but we found a comfortable position for us both. Zoe asked me to go harder as she gave me a cheeky smile. I went harder and harder and she yelled at me to,cum with her. I did, she did, we did.
We lay there kissing for a while. Zoe then gave me a very good massage. We showered and I left. During our discussion Zoe gave me her real name and number to contact her. She shares the unit with two other girls. It is only for work as they do not live there. I had a great time and I will see her again.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 21st December 2016, 08:50 PM
Poster ID: Bluey651
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hi mods
Problem with formatting. Can you fix?
Thanks


