Thread Title: Zoe - Parramatta - 0450722630
Floor: #1
Post Time: 22nd June 2015, 12:48 PM
Poster ID: indian_punter
Post Title: 
 Zoe - Parramatta - 0450722630
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Zoe

Establishment : Private Apartment - Part of Beyond Fantasies

Date of Visit : 4th June 2015, 4pm

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 
ZOE - Stunning 23yo Green-Eyed, Australian, Tattooed Sex Goddess x Avail WED 24th JUNE in PARRA xx - Sydney body rubs - cracker.com.au
0450722630
Fantasia - West Sydney's Most Discrete Adult Rubs xx

Hours of Business : Not sure, hard to get a hold until the afternoon. 

Rates : I paid $350 for 1 hr FS. If you want Massage and then FS in that 1 hr, it goes down to $320.

Age : 25 or so 

Size/shape : HOT !! Size 8, awesome C cup boobs. Great body, nice ass. Super hot. Black hair. Tasteful tatts.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie.

Services Provided : CBJ, FS

Value for money/recommend? : Yes/Yes


My experience/comments :

So after seeing Chloe and Angelina here (Angelina review still to come), I wanted to see Zoe as her pics looked really good.
The pics make her look taller. I would say she is about 5 Foot 5. Nice height.

Let me start with saying that Zoe fits my description of HOT !
If the pics are of her, they don't do her Justice.
I think she is far hotter than the pics. She is not as skinny as that. She has nicer curves.

I would go as far as saying that if she did a BBBJ, I would likely see her exclusively.

Walked in, nice chat. Finances, Quick health check then shower.

Back in, she was dressed in hot black Lingerie.
On man oh man OH MAN.
I start the chat .. ask her about her likes and her life.
She's around for a couple of months, then will travel.
She likes Photography and Travel.
BOOM .. we are a perfect match.
I tell her I need a girlfriend like her.

We are talking about travel and she is stroking me ... I am super hard and want the conversation to end so she can suck me.
She knows this full well, but is teasing me. Blowing on my cock and looking straight into my eyes. OMFG.
I rarely do, but I could have blown at that time just from that.
I was squirming and she was loving it.
She doms me up and put her mouth on it .. slow sucking .. good suction, nice action.
Keeps looking at me while she does it. I look at her, then the mirror that runs the length of the bed and I see this super hot girl sucking me of.
Man, I am in heaven.

She gets on top and grinds ... then faster then slow. Pushes my shoulder down and fucks me on top.
Girl knows her moves. 
No kissing, but she lets me kiss her neck and shoulders.

I tell her to get off so I can hammer that hot ass.
She giggles and gets in position.
I go for it. A great sight. Hot young girl with her shoulders to the sheets and ass getting pounded.
If I could make a video of that, I would never need any other porn !

I stop myself from coming because I want her to give me a slow HJ to finish it off.

She gets between my legs, straight posture and strokes me till I cum real hard. All over the freaking place ! lol

She cleans me up, and its only been 30 mins.
We have a nice long chat and she gives me a soft body rub.
I am not keen for Round 2. I wanted the experience to be as it was, pretty perfect in my eyes.

I have a quick shower, and I am out of there.

Will I be back ? Yes this week !

Premises - 9/10 - Discrete, clean
Body - 9/10
CBJ - 8/10
Sex - 9/10
Attitude 11/10 - Haven't met a lady who was keen to please while making the experience feel so much like a GFE even without the kissing and BBBJ.

Enjoy this one lads. She will be gone overseas pretty soon she said.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 22nd June 2015, 12:58 PM
Poster ID: indian_punter
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Ad and Pics:





			
				ZOE – All Photos Are Genuine with Tattoos Removed for Privacy - 0450722630 xx

 This stunning 23yo Australian tattooed minx is a true pleasure goddess. Taking great pride in her service, Zoe truly loves to rub, tease, seduce and please.. A true master in sexual stimulation and satisfaction – Zoe is available Tuesdays and Wednesday's in Parramatta offering erotic body to body massage with hand relief and a variety of extra services to satisfy a whole variety of desires.

 DESCRIPTION – Australian, tattooed, 23yo, Athletic size 10 with a natural C-cup bust, Long luscious brunette hair, Green eyes, and an enchanting 'girl next door' personality. Fluent in Spanish.

 Priding herself on her high standard and expertise in both therapeutic and seductive erotic massage, Zoe's down to earth and approachable nature warms and welcomes, whilst her passionate sexuality and sensual hands aim to tease, seduce and please… Zoe's sessions include both remedial and sensual massage, sexual nude body to body sliding and teasing, intense seduction, and the traditional 'happy ending'..
 EXTRAS AVAILABLE – Full service minimum $100 EXTRA.

 Laugh with me, play with me. Let me stimulate your body and your mind. 

 Yours passionately, 
 Zoe x 

 RATES - Erotic Massage With Hand Relief; 
 1/2hr - $150
 3/4hr - $190 
 1hr - $220

 FULL SERVICE FINISH - EXTRA $100-$150
 20minutes BASIC FULL SERVICE - $200

 Outcalls and Escorts -
 Massage Outcall - $350 First Hour ($300 on-going hours)
 Full Service Outcall - $500 First Hour ($450 on-going hours)

 0450722630 - Fantasia - West Sydney's Most Discrete Adult Rubs xx

 NO NATURAL OR ANAL SERVICES – PLEASE DO NOT ASK TO AVOID EMBARRASSMENT. 

Poster's age: 23


• Location: Sydney, Parramatta, Sydney, Western Sydney 


• Post ID: 7135028 sydney


Floor: #3
Post Time: 22nd June 2015, 01:15 PM
Poster ID: wachumba
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
https://auxxxreviews.com/forum/f226/...light=Fantasia


Floor: #4
Post Time: 22nd June 2015, 01:20 PM
Poster ID: indian_punter
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Wachumba, I considered posting it there too. Not sure if It should be under agencies. 
All the girls insist that they are independents and work with Eva who manages the phone.

Whatever the mods decide. not too fussed.

There is another review about Chloe from me that will need to be merged into that as well if that's the way they want to go.


