Thread Title: 202 Pyrmont Massage - 202 Harris St, Pyrmont - 0426 494 191
Floor: #1
Post Time: 11th July 2019, 11:25 PM
Poster ID: downthelane
Post Title: 
 202 Pyrmont Massage - 202 Harris St, Pyrmont - 0426 494 191
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jess

Establishment : 202 Pyrmont Massage

Date of Visit : July 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 202 Harris St, Pyrmont NSW / centralmassage.com.au / WeChat ID: pyrmont202

Phone : 0426 494 191

Hours of Business : 10am to 9pm

Rates : $80 30 mins, $95 45 mins, $110 60 mins (includes tip)

Age : 18+

Size/shape : BBW

Nationality or Ethnicity : Brazilian

Services Provided : Clothed massage, NHJ

Value for money/recommend? : YMMV

My experience/comments :

My first visit to the new shop by the Pyrmont Star Massage crew. As everyone remarks, the place is quite a good deal larger in comparison to 105 up the road. The hallway runner and fairy lights seem to have made the move as well (as featured in their roster photos).

I am greeted upon entering the foyer by a couple of the girls sitting together behind the reception counter. Paying in full for my 30 minute booking, I am led down the hall to a room and don't have long at all to wait before Jess knocks and enters wearing a body suit and fashionable trainers.

You don't come across many BBWs (or at least I haven't) in the city RnT shops so bless 202 Pyrmont for putting Jess on the roster. She is short, with a nice round figure and while her boobs are smallish given her frame they are still reasonably big and quite heavy in the hands. She laughs easily and has a bubbly personality.

To begin she applies oil to her hands and starts the massage at my upper body and works her way down. Her technique is precise and focused using her fingers, forearms and elbows. Through the massage she moves around the table and occasionally on the table, straddling my legs for extra leverage. I'm enjoying the additional body contact from the inside of her thighs on mine. While working on my legs she uses long strokes which end in the tips of her fingers touching my balls. Legs done, I can hear the body suit come off and rue the lack of mirrors in the room. Jess climbs up on to the table and proceeds to tease and slide her breasts across my back and kiss my shoulders.

I am asked to turn over and there's a slight pause while she shares some hand sanitizer and also applies a wet wipe to my nether regions. She starts to pump my cock and kiss around my crotch. Blowing air on the tip of my cock, her mouth so close I almost expected her to take it in her mouth. There's more, almost passionate kissing around my stomach, chest and neck. Disappointingly, there's no kissing on the lips. I ask to sit up and fondle her breasts and I'm advised there's no kissing of her breasts, only above them on her chest. There's also no touching between her legs. But both of these limits will soften later.

She keeps pumping my cock with some admirable eye contact and then I have her switch positions and lie on the table. I ask if she'll play with herself, not really expecting her to agree but to my surprise she does. Spreading her legs wide and using one hand to masturbate me and the other massaging her clit, slipping a couple of fingers inside for lubrication. Turned on I wheel out my very limited repertoire of tricks, teasing and lightly stroking her breasts, nipples and inside of her thighs. Eventually she tells me I can use my mouth on her nipples though I have to be gentle as her breasts are sensitive. So I go to work.

Jess becomes more audible as time continues and either climaxes or more likely does a good job of pretending to. She allows me to feel how wet she is and with my hands now free to ply my trade below her waist I wank myself off while playing with her pussy.

Clean up is pretty perfunctory. She offers me a couple of tissues and I help myself to a few wet wipes. We chat about this and that while I get dressed, say our goodbyes and I'm off back up the hall, say goodbye to the girls at reception and in no time I'm back on to Harris St.

Jess' service has limitations but these seem to be largely at her discretion and subject to change. If you like your young BBWs and can either work within her limitations or work hard to relax those limitations you'll end up enjoying yourself.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 16th July 2019, 09:22 AM
Poster ID: LUNGOR
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks for sharing downthelane,

This is the photo of Jess posted by the shop, real ?

I ask because the shop listed her as E Cup! And for the love of tits, they are B's to me and you mentioned that she is BBW and short so probably not a real photo?


Floor: #3
Post Time: 16th July 2019, 09:57 AM
Poster ID: LUNGOR
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
And congratulations to you downthelane, you just did the Next Top Model in Kasia.................haha


Floor: #4
Post Time: 16th July 2019, 10:40 PM
Poster ID: downthelane
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by LUNGOR


I ask because the shop listed her as E Cup
"""



They could be E cups based on volume. However, they're not firm or pert. So while technically they can achieve Spanish it would be more of a wrap around effect. Also, I'm not entirely sure she would offer Spanish straight out of the gate.






 Originally Posted by LUNGOR


And congratulations to you downthelane, you just did the Next Top Model in Kasia.................haha


Great news. I can finally tick off, "Get jerked off by reality tv star." from my bucket list.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 27th July 2019, 10:29 PM
Poster ID: downthelane
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sasha

Establishment : 202 Pyrmont Massage

Date of Visit : July 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 202 Harris St, Pyrmont NSW / centralmassage.com.au / WeChat ID: pyrmont202

Phone : 0426 494 191

Hours of Business : 10am to 9pm

Rates : $80 30 mins, $95 45 mins, $110 60 mins (includes tip)

Age : 18+

Size/shape : Slim, D cup

Nationality or Ethnicity : German / Ugandan

Services Provided : Clothed massage, DFK, NHJ

Value for money/recommend? : YMMV

My experience/comments :

On this visit I was led right down the end of the corridor to the rooms with just a curtain across the doorway. The music is quite loud at the back of the shop and the curtain quite thick so these are maybe not the rooms for indulging in the ultimate extra unless being overheard by others is your thing.

I waited in the room for around 10 minutes, given it was a 30 minute session and I had places to be, I was about to head back up the corridor when Sasha parted the curtain and entered. She has a great shock of hair on top of a slim body with a small round bottom and her bra pushes her young breasts into nice orbs. Those breasts have large areola and excitable nipples. Down below are trimmed pubes.

Once I was on the table she removed her dress, grabbed an oil bottle and hopped on the table as well, straddling my lower back. The heat from her genitals pressed into my back produced and instant semi. There was a brief upper body massage before some banter resulted in me flipping over and part two kicking off. Sasha had made room on the table for me to turn over and so she just propped herself on an elbow while working my member. Her face was close to mine and we slipped into a session of DFK. Coming up for a breather, I asked if I could take off her bra which she deferred until further time had passed. So we passed the time with more DFK while she masturbated me before finally I was able to remove her bra. She seemed quite into having her breasts and nipples caressed. A further request to take off her g-string was met with some light banter before she relented and being the good sort I helped her out of them. While touching her between her legs was not off limits she kept her legs together. Some soft massaging of her clit brought her into an involuntary fetal position and within a minute she'd "orgasmed". I wasn't entirely sure what was going on given this wasn't the usual OTT acting that I encounter. This happened again later when I again ventured my hand down south and she was obviously wet but given my abilities or lack of in this arena it was more puzzling than anything else.

Sasha indicated DATY was out and she wasn't in to COB so I unloaded myself on the table while we kissed.

By her explanation she's new to the industry which comes across most obviously in the back and forth around any requests you have (for example, the puzzled questioning about why I wanted DATY). However, there's some promise here. If you have a thing for ebony girls or are a DFK machine then you'll probably like Sasha. Otherwise, YMMV.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 10th August 2019, 06:37 PM
Poster ID: Leslie75
Post Title: 
 VIP service treatment@202Pyrmont with Excellent and Unforgettable Experience by Misu
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Misu

Establishment : 202 Pyrmont Massage

Date of Visit : 10.08.2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 202 Harris Street Pyrmont NSW 2009

Phone : 0426 494 191

Hours of Business : 10:00-21:00/ 7 days

Rates : 30min $80, 45 min $95, 60 min $110

Age : 20

Size/shape : Pretty, Busty, C cups nice nips, 160cm

Nationality or Ethnicity : Beauty Nepalese 

Services Provided : Good massage, B2B & HE

Value for money/recommend? : Definitely Yes from Me

My experience/comments : 
After my weekly Prostate Massage on Friday, I was aiming for my weekend punting. Looking for a second City visit, my thoughts to revisit my first City girl. Unfortunately not reply from wechat. So this morning drove to city, Harris Street has few to choose from. Parked my car near 105, $4 for an hour and 20 minutes parking time should be enough. Walked passed 105 then crossed the street and sat opposite 202 and decided give 202 Pyrmont a go as read some reviews heaps of positive for this newest shop at Harris Street. 

Pushed the door, no one at the reception but heard some said hello. Wendy greeted happily, asked me any booking? I said no and told her, my first visit as seen lots of good reviews. Wendy invited me to first room just behind the reception and shown me her line up. While waiting for those girls coming my mind play the music videos shown from the shop's wechat. First came Queenna , then Babi, Priya followed by Misu, my mind chosen Misu and I told Wendy that I want Misu but Wendy said take it easy as still has few girls in the line up. Wow, never experienced such service as I considered as VIP service. Then the music started to play again, 2 more girls and the final one Coco. My guts telling me either Misu or Coco.........
Finally decided with my initial call, Misu. Payment done and Wendy told me disrobe and shower in the hallway. 

Shower room is big, clean and handy with towel and shower gel. After cleanup, walked back to the room, Misu is inside the room and I asked whether is ok that I remove my towel, she smiled and yes replied. As usual, I ask for a hello hug, she is fine and I can feel she is a bit insecure during the hugging so I didn't request her to disrobe. Misu told me to lay on the massage bed. Looking at the room surrounding, is a standard bedroom size, double size massage table with good decoration, just as my regular massage shop at Dulwich Hill, the only thing missing is wall mirror as some reviewers mentioned before. 

Misu started her massage routines with some warm up massage on my back and asked either light, medium or hard massage? I replied with hard massage. For the first few minutes, I thought her massage is not meeting my expectations but after she put on oil, I can really enjoyed a different level of good massage. She crawled onto the massage table and I felt something weird as she sat on my bums with some spiky feeling from her part. To my surprise, she was already disrobed , the regrown shaved played a good role of stimulating, just like pussyslide. 

Time for B2B back, good slide from boobs and pussy, unfortunately unable to see the moves only imaginations. Then been told, turn over. Misu continued massage my chest, arms and legs, she put lots of oil, this is good to me as my skin is a bit dry. Then she crawled up to the massage table, sat on me, her pussy has some interaction with my LT, she kept on massage my chest and I asked whether I can touch her, she replied yes but be gentle. The strange part was when I touched her natural C, she pressed on my chest and I just laughed then she laughed and asked me why I am laughing? I told her that she has beautiful boobs but whenever I touch she press back and how can I play? She just smiled and said ok, you're turn. So I played with her nice nips, her nips easily turn hard then grabbed her natural boobs so enjoy at that moment, to my surprise some pussyslide happening underneath and it's been a long time that I didn't experience this other than FS. 

Misu crawled down down and started her HJ. Good skills with some finger movement in between and eruption til last drop before she removed her hand, very good eruption.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 5th September 2019, 09:07 AM
Poster ID: tryhardaussie
Post Title: 
 202 Pyrmont
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Deepika 

Establishment : 202 Pyrmont 

Date of Visit : September 

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : centralmassage.com.au

Phone :0426494191

Hours of Business : 10-late

Rates : $115 all up

Age : 22

Size/shape : curvy

Nationality or Ethnicity : Indian

Services Provided : RNT 

Value for money/recommend? : Fantastic 

My experience/comments : Always on the lookout for a little adventure and trying to find diversity amongst a sea of Chinese and Vietnamese ML is not so easy unless you want pay extreme odds especially if you are based in Victoria where non Asians are charging BMW prices for Great Wall product. 

I found a review on another website that lead me to this site https://centralmassage.com.au/ which ultimately lead me to their weChat.

Response time was good allowing me to plan my evening. 

Photos as we know are not known for being reliable so I didn't book anyone and just lobbed up at the door.

The price list on the counter indicated a $5 price rise which wasn't an issue but I did say "are you have had a price rise" 

"oh you have been here before? We give you old price" Ok now I can buy a $4 Big Mac Special. 

"I need a dollar dollar.

I need a dollar"

On offer was 3 girls 

I Taiwan 

I PRC 

1 Indian



Can I meet the Indian.....no problem and Deepika was summoned.

Nice smile, young, curvy but didn't look like she had gone to seed, attractive in subdued lighting. 

$110 all up for 1 hour. Done. 

Massage was nearly what I asked for soft, relaxing and sensual.

She tells me she has only been massaging for 3 months so experience will enhance her performance. 

She like to connect to people. Which she does firstly by have some mild interactive chats and by gently blowing in your ears.

What I did like was she undressed in stages.

First the dress.

10 minutes late the bra.

10 minutes after that the nickers.

All the while doing a bit of BS'ing 



The Tug was good especially after some direction from me with what I liked. The surprise was the down like pubes and the easy access the vag. 

She was soon wet and full FIV was allowed.

I asked to assume the 69 position and that wasn't and issue will I continued my digital probing. 

I came with a smile. I was offered a shower but I chose not to use oil so a hot towel sufficed. I tipped an extra $20. She was worth it. 



So in summary 

Great VFM

Clean 

Friendly

WIR Absofuckinglutely.


Floor: #8
Post Time: 23rd February 2020, 06:41 PM
Poster ID: downthelane
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Emma

Establishment : 202 Good Luck Massage

Date of Visit : February 2020

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 202 Harris St, Pyrmont NSW / 202pyrmontmassage.com / WeChat ID: lukyhohoho

Phone : 0423 802 202

Hours of Business : 10am to 10pm

Rates : $30 30 mins, $45 45 mins, $60 60 mins (opening special) + tip

Age : 20s

Size/shape : B/C cup

Nationality or Ethnicity : French

Services Provided : Clothed massage, NHJ, COB

Value for money/recommend? : YMMV

My experience/comments :

With the change of owners comes a new interior and the place is all decked out in yellow trim and patterned wallpaper. After finances are out of the way for the 45 minutes, the young papasan leads me to a large room with a massage table and what looks like two large leather reclining chairs with matching foot stools. I can't quite work out what kind of services they are required for (someone's going to need to enlighten me). There's two small disco lamps and a blue tooth speaker between the chairs.

There's a knock on the door and Emma enters wearing a black body stocking and skirt. She's shortish with sun bleached, blondish hair pulled back into a bun. Summer on Bondi has given her tan lines and and nice white and soft B/C cup breasts with pink nipples. Shaved where it counts. Emma sports a few tattoos on the arms and a small tattoo on her sternum below her breasts.

Introductions out of the way, I continue to undress and Emma readies herself for the booking and synches her phone to the blue tooth speaker, putting some music on from a personal playlist. She grabs a pump bottle of oil and straddles my back and gives a decent soft massage with varying hand techniques. Hopping off half way through to do each leg before doing both. Conversation is in fits and starts as I run through small talk and once I'm out of ideas we listen to her playlist together. Its quite relaxing though I start to tense up wondering when the turn over will announce itself as the time starts to run out of the booking.

After 30 of the 45 mins I'm asked whether I just want a massage or a happy ending which she divulges as $50. She indicates that she's just come off her period and whether I mind if she does the happy ending topless. I tell her I understand but I really don't mind if she's nude. This bounces back and forth until she makes up her mind about it and undresses completely. Like me, dumping her clothes on the foot stool. She applies some oil to her hands and then massages me to life. I ask if I can sit up and she ends up kneeling in front of me on the table. No kissing but she does kiss my clavicle and neck while I caress her breasts. She uses both hands on me, one on my shaft and the other on my balls.

She volunteers that I can kiss her boobs if I like which I do. I ask about touching her pussy and I'm allowed to play with her pussy on the outside only. After a short while this results in some FOAM. It is FOAM but as far as these things go its pretty good.

And with time out, I ask and receive the nod to come across her breasts. A quick clean up with some wet wipes from a drawer, Emma dresses and fetches a hot towel with which I wipe myself down before I open the door and she turns one way and I the other.

Overall, the session was fine if lacking the X-factor. Or simply chemistry. YMMV.


