Floor: #1
Post Time: 1st September 2019, 04:44 PM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: 
 380 Massage Thai massage level 1/380 Pitt st Sydney
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Bonnie

Establishment : 380 Massage

Date of Visit : 31/9/2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Home - CBD 380 Massage

Phone :0491332468   0416271888

Hours of Business : 10am till 3am last booking

Rates : 45 for 30 mins, plus 50 for nude hj, plus even more

Age : 22

Size/shape : Size 6 a-cups, tight puppy fat bod slight hairy puss.

Nationality or Ethnicity : China but suspected Thai

Services Provided : Massage and CBJ

Value for money/recommend? : NO 

My experience/comments : In between my visit to Townhall massage and Gnza empire, while on my latest punting trip to Sydney, a women out on the street handed me a flyer, and like a programmed sheep, i automatically came up for a look. I suspected this was a thai massage shop, but when i met this young Bonnie wearing a tight pink dress with sexy large white sneakers, and being seduced into booking her, due to her youthfulness, lovely square mouth, and sexy green eye contacts, she soon told me it was a Thai massage style and she was in fact Chinese.   The other 2 girls i met were older and i felt not in this girls league.   The spruiker woman and a couple of males behind the desk, i feel looked Thai.

Gave the spruiker woman 95 and Bonnie took me to the middle room.  Bonnie came in with a small backpack over her shoulder, like she was some cute schoolgirl.  She speaks good english.  Basically she gave me a good rub down for 5 mins, before her hands started wandering around the ass cheeks, no tickle tackle at all.  She seemed a little shy but boy was she a hot little number.  I asked to massage her, and she was ok with that. Left her sexy sneakers on, climbed up, and i pulled up her tight pink dress, massaged her legs, liked her see through red knickers and thought things were going along at a fairly boring rate to be honest.

This is where it gets interesting.  She took off her clothes to reveal, nice legs, she is 5 foot so quite compact.  Her pubes at the top curled upwards, which for some is quite a turn on.  She has a nice compact ass as well.  She started fondling my penis and balls as she stood on the side of the table opposite the mirror side which covers the whole side of that room.  Bonnie asked me if i wanted a BJ.  She looked quite innocent, and i thought well why not, i thought i would like to see how good her skills are, and she blurted out 100 extra.  This was extreme by Sydney standards, and then 70 was rejected but 50 was accepted.

She grabs a condom out of her small backpack, a four seasons one which indicates a seasoned professional here. She stood sort of side on, leaning away from me, sucking only the top 3rd of the penis, giving off no moaning but some nice hot breathing, a little bit of wanking at the base, and some nice nail teasing of the inner legs and torso.  There were periods, where she was pulling the base, and just holding the top of the penis in her mouth, so it was not a very exciting BJ.

Its gets more interesting now, this innocent looking cutie, then asks if i wanted sex.  I was interested for sure, could not believe she was offering, she told me 200 extra.  Which is obscene, this is going into Brisbane and Gold coast $$$ extra territory.  I told her to forget it and continue the BJ.  She then offered 150, god i was tempted i had that sort of coin in my wallet.  I was in a real hole here, as i knew i needed to blow as soon as possible to avoid caving.  The BJ was not great, so i willed myself to get turned on.  I fake moaned, and that led her some moaning from her,i rubbed as many parts of her body as i could touch and i forced myself to blow into her mouth.  I was pretty pissed off at the attempted fleecing and the orgasm had a lot of anger in it.

I was relieved to be honest.  After the clean up she told me she works here everyday.  She looks only 19 years old but god what a body she has. As i write this i can only think of what it would have been like to penetrate her.  Maybe stay away from this place and her.  The 95$ for 30 deal is pretty good up in Sydney, but the extra layers of  financial mayonnaise these girls up here are putting on the extra's is unbelievable.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 2nd September 2019, 09:25 AM
Poster ID: happy chappy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
In the suburbs say Artarmon, you can get FS for $100 extra.  That said, the younger girls may demand a premium


Floor: #3
Post Time: 20th October 2019, 03:25 PM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Fiona

Establishment : 380 Massage

Date of Visit : 19/9/2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Home - CBD 380 Massage Level 1/ 380 Pitt st CBD

Phone :0491332468 0416271888

Hours of Business : Claim to be 24/7 now?

Rates : 90$ for 30 mins

Age : 26

Size/shape : Size 8 a-cups trimmed pussy, long black hair

Nationality or Ethnicity : China

Services Provided : Massage and hj

Value for money/recommend? : Not too bad.

Up in Sydney for the weekend, i was walking past this shop on my way to 110 Cathedral to see Lungors reviewed Blue when one of the many promoters out front with the flyers handed me one, be aware there are 6 shops between 374 and 382 here, and competition has now become fierce in the 3 months i have known about this gaggle of upstairs shops, even some of the working girls are outside trying to lure u up.  Bonnie was downstairs in tight white cut denim shorts along with a young bespectacled girl in a black dress and adidas top.   2 weeks after seeing her a couple months back, i was back here and they were quite coy in telling me where she had gone.  I did not expect this and was quite horny.  She told me to come up and the other girl followed, asking if i would like a double.  I was a little powerless to say no, but once i handed over the 180 for half, only Fiona came back and refunded me 90 telling me Bonnie is actually booked.  I was not overly worried and this Fiona chick had me well interested.  When she came back her black dress was still on, but her adidas top gone, a lovely half tank top white jumper exposing her belly button.

She stood, hugged me and thanked me for booking her, we exchange a hug and a kiss on the lips.  The black skirt was one of those trickery skirts where her real undies were hidded underneath. My penis was getting hard inside my jeans, as we continued light pecks and i had fingers underneath her skirt, playing with what felt like underpants.  Soon enough i was naked on the table.  Fiona stripped revealing what looked like a white push up bra and nice enough bone undies.  Fiona has a nice look about her, the glasses were off too, nice bright red lipstick and dreamy looking eyes. Her breasts dropped a little but they were nice enough breasts, she has a nice enough size 8 bod with a nice ass.  Only flaw was in the gut region, a little patchy looking.

I can't remember much proper massage, in the mirror i could see her teasing my legs and balls with a nice grin. Fiona has good enough english, so when i turned over she got on the table and we exchanged more kissing, and she started teasing my penis with her fingers and licking the nipple. I had a condom in my wallet and was curious if we could have some sex, as Bonnie openly asked me a month ago .  At this stage she had her trimmed pussy rubbing over my penis, and said " you want to put in here?".  Now i offered 70 and she laughed and said 200.  Just like Bonnie i thought wow. 150 was offered and 100 was declined.  Fiona is a mercenary guys, she has a nice smile, but just like Bonnie a ridiculous asking price.  

I told her to just continue without oil she was slowly playing with my penis,still sitting on top of me, as i was touching her clit and opening, at one stage thinking i could finger her, she kept teasing me asking if u would like to stick in, and the tease was too much,  and lost my 6 days loadings which was meant for Blue at 110 Cathedral.  This is a very dangerous shop if u like more than nude hj.  After the dress and hug goodbye, i went downstairs, to find Bonnie outside with one of the flyer guys, said my goodbye's to her and heading off for some dinner.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 29th December 2019, 03:17 PM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Alice

Establishment : 380 Massage

Date of Visit : 29/12/2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Home - CBD 380 Massage  1/380 Pitt st Sydney

Phone :0491332468 0416271888

Hours of Business : Claim to be 24/7 now?

Rates : 110$ for 45 mins plus 100 extra

Age : 24

Size/shape : Size 9 C-cups,shaved, long slight wavy black hair

Nationality or Ethnicity : Malaysian but grand-parents Chinese she said- Good english

Services Provided : Massage and intercourse

Value for money/recommend? : Fulfilled a fantasy that's all.

On 2 weeks holiday so i thought i would return to the great state. Never seen Canberra before, so took advantage of Murray's one way deal for 40 dolla, they have just started doing the Melb-Syd via Canberra route. Canberra is ok but it's not Sydney.  Got in at 9.30pm.  I wanted to try 127 Regent st, Suzy's pic had caught my eye a few weeks back on this site, but her name disappeared from roster last couple of days, so that was it.  Also had a hankering to try 357 Riley since it started taking Dos massage girls.

Anyways i always like to pop by this place to check out the spruikers at the door. As i walked towards cnr Goulburn and Pitt st, on Pitt st, a hot looking Asian girl popped out from the apartment/hotel building,100 odd meter's before the lights, wearing short blue denim skirt,blue top and high platform pink shoes, well built i might add, i thought should i slow and let her in front for the perve, well it ended up she slowed and was behind me.  I soon had her off my mind at the lights when i saw more hot Asian girls.  I get to 380 and ask if Bonnie or Fiona is on, and the girl told me she was sure Fiona was up there, so i follow her up, but i hear footsteps behind me,curious, i look behind, and it's the girl who walked out of the apartment hotel.  

This was incredible she must have been starting her shift, most guys would love to follow a hot girl into a shop like this, it was happening in reverse for me.  I decided to book her, there was a bit of laughter when we got into the room.  She had luscious lips too even though they were quite small.  Fake eye lashes were also prominent, and very olive skin.  A naturally slutty looking young woman.

Booked for 45 mins in the far room, she used oil on lower back that has been playing up, then resorted to hard massage all over legs and back etc. About 10 mins in, she asked me to turn over.  She took off her blue t-shirt and black bra to reveal nice C-cup breasts but kept her black g-string on. Did a lovely body slide, i could feel her nipples rubbing over my body, she also licked the nipples, while continuing the body rubbing. Like Bonnie and Fiona, she asked if a nude hj was not enough, offering to let me fuck her.  Would u believe 200 was the price.  I offered 100 , and she got up on the table, and started getting closer to my face.  I touched her knickers and felt satin in her undies, asked her to turn out into 69 position, whereby she rubbed her undies over the penis.She teased the torso and inner legs with her nails. She has a womanly body when the closes are off,fat she said hehe, the satin g-string so provocative, her pussy was slightly exposed in this position. I kept rubbing her satin fabric over her puss, it was a massive turn on.

She came down to 100$ no oral though. Could not stop thinking about her on the street hehe.  As she went to get off, she slipped between the wall and the table, falling onto the floor, it was a bit frightening to be honest, she appeared to go head first, but insisted she was ok.  Got the 100 and i bought a condom as well. She had the lube.  Once nude she assumed the doggy position. I was ready to go, she struggled to get the lube out of the tube but once on the penis in it went.  It was a smooth feeling inside her, no layer feeling with normal penetration, and it continued for the short time i was inside her.  She moaned a bit early, then just looked down for the couple of minutes being quite quiet, giving off the vibe she has done this may times before. I was very turned on, looked at her ass crack that may have had some action, and exploded into her pussy with a nice load. Only lasted a couple of mins to be honest.

Once clean up was done, she resumed a massage on the back, she is quite chatty, but did end the session 10 mins early. In the end i did not go through with the other pop in's as i thought nothing could top this unique experience.  It was a hot night spent watching sports in the casino before the flight home.  This shop always gets me.


