Floor: #1
Post Time: 30th March 2019, 11:56 PM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: 
 426 Surry Hills Massage - Shop 2 / 424-426 Cleveland St, Surry Hills - 0466 686 326
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Gabby

Establishment : 426 Surry Hills Massage

Date of Visit : 30/3/2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :
Shop 2 / 424-426 Cleveland St, Surry Hills

Wechat ID : surryhills426 for daily roster and photos

Call 0466686326 to make a booking / rear entrance inquiry

Hours of Business : 10AM to 8PM

Rates :50 for 45 discount 5$

Age :Estimate 27-29

Size/shape : Size 7-8, quite tall, c cups estimate, trimmed pussy, long black hair with fringe.  Easy on the eye.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided :Mutual massage plus 30$

Value for money/recommend? : Yes!

My experience/comments :Nice girl

Flew up today Saturday to see Nicole again at Club278, but i also wanted to try this place beforehand.  Tiger air flight was delayed an hour due to miserable early weather in Sydney, so i arrived a few mins late here.  Have been in contact on wechat the last few days, and just adored Gabby's figure.  Young man on reception, i assume it is the guy mentioned in the above review.  He sent me upstairs to a room, there are other rooms downstairs.

Gabby arrived in a pink silky fabric nurses outfit, with sparkling silver stiletto's. Gorgeous figure, but i just did not feel the lust when i saw her face, long black hair with a bit of a fringe. Was not going to cancel, as i altered the booking time a few times and management have been great on wechat.  Room was small and a little dark, but the table had that popular throw away sheet.  Gabby gave me a nice hard massage for the 1st 20 mins,used a fair bit of oil too. She has a great sense of humour and was very understanding.I did enquire about her age and the response old, she is not early 20's guys, but she could pass for 25.  It was not long into the massage i decided to forgo a handy, i did not want to lose my load here, saving it for Nicole later.

There was a period where she was bending over in her nurses uniform, doing the lower legs, and i thought as she was bent over, she was wearing no undies. After a towel was placed over body, removing the excess oil, she offered extra's, and i offered 30 to massage her which was ok.  She changed the throw away sheet.  She had sexy purple undies on, a semi g-string. I gave her legs a good going over and she laughed asking if i had massaged before.  Turned her over, she offered to take off clothes but i was ok.  See through undies at front, small about of stubble growing on her previously described bald pussy.

Soon after she gave me another 10 mins of hard massage with a towel over my back.  Really enjoyed her company guys, she only works Saturdays. An hour later i stayed with Nicole at Club278 and it was an improved session.  Looking forward to coming back to Sydney in the near future.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 18th June 2019, 05:22 PM
Poster ID: LUNGOR
Post Title: 
 First try at 426 Surry Hill, very happy indeed !
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Mia

Establishment : 426 Surry Hills Massage

Date of Visit : June 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :
Shop 2 / 424-426 Cleveland St, Surry Hills

Wechat ID : surryhills426 for daily roster and photos

Call 0466686326 to make a booking / rear entrance inquiry

Hours of Business : 10AM to 8PM

Rates :$40/30 min, $55/45 min, $65/60 min

Age : mid 20's

Size/shape : Size 8-10, lovely long hair, full and curvy womanly body, enhanced full C Cups, some piercings and tatts on her arms and thighs, quite a beautiful face. 

Nationality or Ethnicity : genuine Hong Kong girl

Services Provided : excellent remedial massage which I immediately extended from 30-45 min, nude HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes!

My experience/comments :

Saw that Jayden has got a new Hong Kong girl Mia on today, natural DD cups from Hong Kong, is there even a decision to be made ? Moved mountains and manufactured a work related need to leave the office and headed to Cleveland.

Got to the shop, push open the door and Jayden was sitting behind the little reception desk on the right. said hi to me and welcome to his new shop. the downstairs area is quite crowded, there is a waiting room on the left with a frosted glass door, good privacy if you have to wait. Jayden shows me the three other rooms in the ground floor, all fully enclosed which is good for RnT but room size are much smaller than his other shop in 227 Concord.

The bathroom is also on the group floor and there is a shower room as well, my massage room is upstairs. So if you are having a massage upstairs, not sure if the shower downstairs is gonna work too well, massage room downstairs ? I guess the shower room is close enough. Used the bathroom then followed Jayden upstairs, there are three more rooms on the 1st Floor - more like a mezzanine floor. my room on the left is very spacious, and there is a hand basin inside too, but the wall mirror is over the massage table head, clearly in the wrong spots again.

The upstairs rooms actually have central air condition which was on a comfy warm temperature, very good on a cold day like today. I started to undress and not long before a knock on the door and in comes Mia. she is beautiful, lovely long hair, wearing a low cut black dress showing lots of chest and cleavage, very nice, quite tall too and she is a curvy girl, nice booty. tick tick tick !

I handed over the massage fees and the tips and got naked and lay on the table, noticed that the head of the table where the head hole is made of plastic gel like material which is washable and can be wiped clean after each customer (same as 227 Broadway), LIKE !

Mia asked if I like a firm or soft massage, now, usually with my 30 min quickie and with a new girl, I will say soft and in fact, I was tempted to just tell Mia let's skip the massage and play - as I can't wait to get her naked and get my hands on those DD Cups !

But for some reason, I said hard please, can I use some oil ? yes, just a little bit.

But as soon as Mia lays her hands/palms on my back and waist and gave me a warm and very firm push up along my spine, I immediately know she is a good masseure ! and after like 30 seconds, I asked Mia if I can extend my session to 45 min. her massage is that good, no point mucking around, I need more of that. Mia said I need to ask the boss if I there is any booking after you. She went outside and asked Jayden, came back with a positive answer. all good, so I said I will give you the extra money later. no problem.

So now that we have more time, Mia gave me a fairly thorough rub down. she has very strong hands, and her palms are thick and warm and just very very enjoyable and she knows where are all the sore spots and pressure points too. It's been a while since I have a genuine massage in a RnT shop and gee am I not enjoying myself or what. and of course, we chat away about Hong Kong, the recent million people protesting and Causeway Bay shopping, food ! food in Hong Kong, food in Sydney and times just fly. Now, obviously I really like Mia just simply with our Hong Kong connections, so if you say I am biased, of course I am. but you can't say someone can provide a strong part 1 massage if she can't. So if you are a fans, and you like the girls I like, you are in for a treat, if not, then each to his own I suppose.

hot towel time and that was a decently hot hot towel and Mia massaged my shoulder some more over the hot towel and that feels great.

Sorry, have to good, to be continued..........................


