Thread Title: Allia Thai Massage Beauty, Haymarket - 9281 0781
Floor: #1
Post Time: 11th May 2018, 07:42 PM
Poster ID: Alexbear
Post Title: 
 Allia Thai Massage Beauty, Haymarket - 9281 0781
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Anna

Establishment : Aillia Thai Massage

Date of Visit : May 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Boutique Thai Massage | Australia | Aillia Thai Massage 02 9281 0781

Hours of Business : 10am to 10pm

Rates : 30/$45, 45/$60, 60/$75

Age : 30's

Size/shape : 6 shapely

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : nude hand job

Value for money/recommend? : yes, highly reccomended

My experience/comments : This shop looked less seedy than most along this section of George street Haymarket so i decided to give it a try.
I went up the stairs and was greeted at the front desk by a very friendly male receptionist. I glanced around the waiting room and saw this very deliscious girl waiting her turn for the next customer - me and immediately decided on a 60 minute session.
Into a smallish room and to my dissapointment the walls aren't all the way up to the ceiling but on the plus side it was clean and nicely decorated. Anna tells me to strip off and lie down and I oblidged while she went off and gave me some privacy.
Soon after I lay down she came back into the room and asked what area needed attention (standard answer...mini me of course) back and shoulders. She proceeded to give me a very good back and shoulder massage and then moved down to my legs. 
As she massaged my legs each time her hands went up my leg they got closer and closer to mini me. She must have had some tantric training because she massaged my groin area from between my legs and without touching me turned me on immensely. Eventually the massaging got closer and closer and the anticipation nearl made me shoot my load but eventually she started to stroke mini me still from behind.
Then she dissapeared and returned with a basin of water and washed the oil off before suggesting I turn over. What followed was some good stretching which makes me believe she works in a legitimate shop.
with 15 minutes remaining she asked if there was anything else she could do for me.. sh*t yeah, look after mini me! What was on offer? Happy ending for $30 or nude HJ for $50! Any more? The reply was $500 for full but I think it was more to put me off than a serious offer. $50 nude HJ was the choice and she proceeded to do a semi strip tease to reveal a marvelouse set of D's! I couldnt take my eyes off them and she even let me carress them. They are firm and beautifully shaped. Mini me was standing full to attention by now so her gentle teasing and slow stroking got me over the line very quickly.
Return visit - definately


