Thread Title: Andaman Massage - Lvl1, 704 George St, Sydney - 0449 607 645
Floor: #1
Post Time: 8th December 2011, 01:42 AM
Poster ID: flygtfalcon
Post Title: 
 Andaman Massage - Lvl1, 704 George St, Sydney - 0449 607 645
				
Post Content: 
Andaman Massage
Level 1, 704 George Street, Sydney/ Haymarket CBD 0449 607 645

I was on my way to Charlie Chan's bar on George St, I'm sure you know the one halfway between Townhall and Central station, when I got a call from my mate who I was to be meeting for a drink advising he was running about an hour late. What was I to do???
It was raining, and the cold weather makes me frisky.

How do you get there?
If you're traveling by train get off at either Town hall or Central stations and head for George Street. It doesn't matter which station as this place is probably right in the middle. Almost directly across the road from Charlie Chans Bar, (an excellent place for a drink by the way)

You will see a small doorway, feels like your going to walk into the restaurant next door it is that close.  Head up the stairs and turn left.
The shop entry is on a very busy city road (George St) so it is not very discrete for those of you that are worried. 

What was the place like?
At the top of the stairs I saw a wet umbrella and a wet small pair of polka dot slip-on shoes, you know the ones worn by young elfin bodied asian girls.  

This appeared to be a totally legitimate Thai shop set up on a low budget but looked nice with a reception bench and nice decor etc.

Can you choose the girl?
There were only 2 masseuses working today a guy and a girl. 
The manager of this shop seems to be Gay and flirtingly asked "you want massssaaagggeee? you like girl? Or maybe you like Boy??  I replied that I would like a massage only if there was a young girl available.

He called out quite loudly in Thai and a beautiful barefoot young Thai girl came out and led me to one of the cubicles. Mmm I think I found the owner of those shoes I spied earlier. 

Were there other girls there?
No other girls were available 

What about the girl?
Very pretty young Thai girl, uni student type, said she was 24 years old, she looked a little younger to me maybe 20-22.  Very shy and timid.
Small shapely body, with soft features, distinctive bubble gum pink lipstick. She wore a short layered skirt that bounced as she walked because of a rounded bum.  She was fully clothed with no hint of cleavage. I would say small breasts.

What was her name?
I normally introduce myself up front and ask the name of the girl, I don't know what happened to me, I must have been distracted, and only realized I didn't know her name when I was out the door. 

What days does she work?
Sorry, I was disappointed that this experience did not result in my relief, so I didn't inquire any further.

What was provided?
An excellent professional 1/2 hour dry massage (Oil costs a few extra $$ for my oil loving brethren) 
She was very timid and hardly spoke, she was too shy to look at the one eyed cobra, and would look away when small hands would massage in the immediate area, maybe she was worried it would hypnotize her.  I was tempted to childishly move suddenly, but decided against it. I politely inquired the price for hand relief, she shyly said she can do all type of massage, cupping, mud, reflexy, but sorry cannot touch it.  She positioned herself to make it difficult for me to look at her nice arse.

Quality?
Massage was excellent although I was disappointed that no extras were available. It was pleasurable, but I did not feel the relief I was after. 

Price?
1/2 hour massage only session without oil was $35, (I think an oily massage was an extra $5) this is the basic pricing to most shops but no tug on offer.


Any extras available?
Unfortunately not, I was disappointed nothing else was on the menu from this cute girl. 

Would you go back?
Probably not

please read my review of level 2F 708   George Street Sydney/ Haymarket for what happened straight after.  


I hope my fellow punters find this information useful.


