Thread Title: Apple Massage - Level 1 374 Pitt St CBD - 02 9267 9077
Floor: #1
Post Time: 25th March 2015, 09:30 PM
Poster ID: antares01
Post Title: 
 Apple Massage - Level 1 374 Pitt St CBD - 02 9267 9077
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sandy

Establishment : Apple

Date of Visit : 24 March 2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : L1 374 Pitt St CBD / 02 9267 9077

Hours of Business : Uncertain

Rates : $69-30min/100-45/120-60 nude RnT

Age : Early 20s

Size/shape : Slim 6-7 B trimmed

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Nude RnT

Value for money/recommend? : Perhaps

My experience/comments : Passing by earlier in the day, handed a flyer on this place.  Couldn't see where this one has been previously reviewed soooooo....... time to TOFTT .  Up the fluro lit, "faux" aluminum finish stairs , red door on the right - locked, need to press the buzzer.  Let in by disinterested Mamasan.  Extras are up front here, same as Silver Fox next door, elected for a 45min experience.  No choice of girl, taken to room, "girl be here soon".  Room is clean and nicely fitted out with fresh disposable paper cover on table .  Couple of minutes and Sandy walks in.  Sandy is a typical young Thai ML, very attractive actually with excellent English.  

Clothes off, mine and hers and me onto the table face down, Sandy starts a pretty ordinary medium strength kneading massage which went on and on and......on .  She seemed tired and uninterested.  My multiple attempts at conversation failed miserably, looked like it was going to be one of those sessions.  At about the 15 min point Sandy applied some oil and made a passable attempt at a smooth oil massage with limited body sliding which was just OK.  At the 30 min point, Sandy asked me to roll over and went straight into the HJ with no attempt at front massage, .................... yes folks, it was one of those sessions that are best forgotten .  Pretty hopeless attempt at cleanup with wet towel, had to do it myself in the end.

I asked and there were no touching limits.  Did I mention Sandy is a very attractive girl clothes on or off?  HJ was technically correct but that was about the limit of it.

In summary; If you are after a quickie with a very attractive Thai ML then Sandy would probably suit you.  If you are looking for massage skills then ........... nah! there is plenty better around.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 26th March 2015, 07:02 AM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Good discovery and review antares01.

They have been advertising for staff recently on Gumtree,







Date Listed:
    19/03/2015

Last Edited:
    19/03/2015

Advertised By:
    Private

Job Type:
    Casual

asian massage shop in sydney cbd seeking female massager flexible time
apple massage level 1 / 374 pitt st sydney 2000
call ******** 883 + click to reveal  / 02 9267 9077 or text ******** 883 + click to reveal  please


Floor: #3
Post Time: 4th April 2015, 03:36 PM
Poster ID: LUNGOR
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
This little stretch of Pitt St is fast becoming the most concentrated RnT strips in all of Sydney :

Sandwiches between two of the bigger shops in Chequers and Chicago (sorry , they are trading under a new name but I can't remember)

And in between You have Holistic in 370, Apple in 374, silver fox in 376, Posh in 378, another one in 380! 

Plus the Wild Orchid (FS) in 429 Pitt, the 5 Star Penthouse in a nearby apartment and VIP over the other side in Liverpool St, and Bamboo in World Sq .

It's Crazy !!


Floor: #4
Post Time: 29th June 2016, 06:30 AM
Poster ID: curly69
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Monica

Establishment : Apple

Date of Visit : 27/6/2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : L1 374 Pitt St CBD / 02 9267 9077

Hours of Business : 9am - 10pm I was told

Rates : $95-30min/110-45/130-60 nude RnT - from memory - I did the 30 min option

Age : 30s

Size/shape : Slim with a saggy mid section - found that out later

Nationality or Ethnicity : Korean

Services Provided : Nude RnT

Value for money/recommend? : No way - worst punt this year

Comments:

Decided to try another place in the Pitt St section of sin and TOFTT - hadn't seen the post below, damn. It was a bloody cold day and I ascended the stairs and rang the doorbell of the red door. Monica answered the door and took me to the desk and showed me the menu. Since it was my first time here and the prices were quite expensive I thought the 30 minute option. Paid over the money as Monica said that there was only one girl who was available. Now I thought it would be someone different not Monica who would be looking after me. Headed to the room. The one I had was purple and very dark with a basin in the corner with a plant of some sort growing up the pipe. She turned the heater on and left. I stripped and got onto the bed. Monica returned and I said are you the one who is going to massage me and she said Yes. Fine and returned to lying face down. She then emptied around 50 litres of oil - slight exaggeration  - on my back and started to massage. The massage was more shifting the oil about than anything else - crap. After 5 minutes she went straight into the tackle tickle and was pretty rough with the jewels. A minute of this and turnover time. I was only semi hard due to the rough treatment and that it was still pretty cold in the room. She then dumped more litres of oil on my crutch and then stripped to reveal a very ordinary body. Saggy tits and wrinkly gut - she had been wearing those spanx or whatever they are called to hide things. She climbed up on the bed and gave a cuddle and then a bit of a body rub with her belly against my cock. Felt bloody horrible. She then reached down and started the tug and kept rubbing her belly against my stomach. To change positions I asked if I could see her pussy and she flipped into a 69 position and spread her lips for me and said no touching. The view from behind was better than the front. She continued the tug which was OK, but not great. Told her to tickle the boys and she did. After another 10 minutes I blew and she got off. She went to the basin washed her hands and said I will go get a hot towel and rushed off. Returned with the hot towel plonked it on me and left. BYO clean up. So cleaned my self up with that hot towel. Then used around 3 others to remove the excess oil - apologies to fellow punters who may have got my oily seconds. Dressed and left on my own, she hadn't return or anything. I didn't get to ask if there was a shower or anything she had disappeared. Would be handy if they are going to use that much oil.

So I paid $95 for a 20 minute session that was absolutely crap from an average woman who had no idea. Will not return to this place as Silver Fox is better by far and for a fiver more could go to VIP for a CBJ, as well in a nicer environment.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 8th March 2017, 10:56 PM
Poster ID: Dangar
Post Title: 
 Apple Massage 374 Pitt Street, Sydney
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Noa

Establishment : Apple Massage 

Date of Visit : Saturday 25/02/2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 374 Pitt St, Sydney, NSW. Ph. 9267 9077

Hours of Business : 7 Days From 10am - 10pm

Rates : $40/30, $55/45, $50 paid upfront in the room

Age : 26 - 30

Size/shape : Size 10, B cup, 170cm tall

Nationality or Ethnicity : Mixed Asian

Services Provided : Massage + Topless HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Not very good.

My experience/comments : I was in two minds whether to try Apple Massage or go back to CBD Posh which I had visited before. Both shops are very close to each other. I decided to try this shop and walked up the stairs. The shop is located on the right at the top of the stairs and you have to press the buzzer. A Korean receptionist who was very skinny greeted me and asked me how long I wanted to stay. I know this is a ploy by shops to get you to hand over the money first but I said I wanted to see what girls she had. She looked a bit unhappy and called the girls. I sat on a couch in front of the reception desk. The first two girls were Korean and looked okay. I was about to choose one of them when the receptionist mentioned a Japanese girl just started her shift at 5pm. I like Japanese girls too so I said I would say hello. Noa came out wearing the same long dress that is on the photos on their web page. It is hard to see what her body is like but she is tall and has tanned skin. I didn't really think she looked Japanese but I agreed to see her for 45 mins. The room was small and has a wash basin which I like so you can wash some of the oil off your hands. Her massage was okay and just before Part 2 she asked me about extras. $30 for a HJ and $50 for nude. I wanted to see her nude and she asked me to hand over the money first which I agreed. Noa stripped down leaving her undies on. I didn't say anything at this stage as sometimes the ML's take them off during the session. She has nice tanned skin, breasts were okay too. Her best asset was her ass which I held onto hoping I could remove her undies during the HJ but she refused. I got a bit pissed off because I thought $50 meant nude not topless. In the future I am going to ask 2 x questions before all of my next punts with new ML's. "Will you take your undies off?" "Do you have your period?" I am sick and tired of being rorted during the massage. Noa's HJ skills are not that experienced and I ended up doing it myself while I grabbed her ass. I told her she didn't look Japanese and her reply was that she was mixed. Noa could have potential as she has a unique look about her but she needs to get nude and relax a bit more in the room. I read on another site that 'Star' from this shop didn't get fully nude either so maybe it's a shop policy. 

Dangar


Floor: #6
Post Time: 14th October 2017, 10:32 AM
Poster ID: Charles
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Ivy

Establishment : Apple Massage

Date of Visit : Thu 12/10/2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 374 Pitt St, Sydney, NSW. Ph. 9267 9077

Hours of Business : 7 Days From 10am - 10pm

Rates : $40/30 min

Age : early 20s

Size/shape : petite, good body, reasaonable size tits

Nationality or Ethnicity : Lao

Services Provided : Massage, nude hj, body slide, pussy slide

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : I was doing some late night shopping and thought I should try one of the shops in this strip, and Apple was the first I came to. It's upstairs, with a locked metal door that you have to press a buzzer to enter.

I was greeted by a young receptionist who took my $40 and then took me past some curtained booths into a room with a sliding door, which proceeded to slide open as I undressed exposing me to anyone who happened to come in to the shop! I closed the door again and then Ivy came in as I was finishing undressing. 

She asked up front if I wanted extras and I asked what was available. She said nude hj and bodyslide for $80(!). I asked if anything further was available and she said no. I agreed to the bodyslide, even at the price as she was quite attractive. 

Her massage was pathetic, just rubbing oil over my body. But she included some nice play with dick and balls.

She then stripped off, but left her panties one. I said if I was paying $80 I expected these to come off too! She said she doesn't normally do that, but took them off straight away(!). She then started a body slide on my back, which was very nice, with her rubbing her tits and pussy against me.

She then told me to turn over. She put some oil between her breasts and then rubbed them against my cock and between her breasts. She then started to rub her tits against my chest, and I asked her if she would rub her pussy against my cock. Again she said she doesn't normally do that, but immediately moved up to sit on my cock and rubbed her pussy against it. 

She seemed to actually enjoy this as much as I did, and it wasn't long before I was spurting cum up my stomach. She cleaned me up and that was the end of the session. I gave her the $80 (and no extra, which she was clearly angling for with the "I don't usually do this comments") and she was happy with that - as she should be! I suspect that FS might be on offer, but it would be expensive. I left her with just a towel wrapped around her, so the girls obviously have access to a shower. The place was very clean too.

Altogether a reasonable punt, with a friendly and attractive girl, if on the expensive side.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 5th February 2018, 07:41 PM
Poster ID: Charles
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sophia

Establishment : Apple Massage

Date of Visit : Thu 1/2/2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 374 Pitt St, Sydney, NSW. Ph. 9267 9077

Hours of Business : 7 Days From 10am - 10pm

Rates : $40/30 min

Age : mid 30s

Size/shape : petite, good body, smallsize tits

Nationality or Ethnicity : PRC

Services Provided : Massage, fs

Value for money/recommend? : Maybe

My experience/comments : The only lady on when I arrived early evening was Sophia, and I had to wait about ten minutes because she'd gone out to get a drink. When she arrived I tried to make small talk but it was quickly apparent that her English was almost zero. She pulled out her phone and said some Chinese into it and the translation said "would you like any extras?". I said yes, which she understood, then she tried to count out the amount she wanted on her fingers. She said a few garbled things, but I figured out she wanted $80, but I thought she said "fuck". So I clarified "$80 for fuck?". She smiled and said yes, so it seemed more was on offer than I was offered last time, but for the same price.

She started the massage, but it was pathetic. I think she realised this as she soon told me to turn over, got out a dom, put it on, and started a cbj. It was quite good, but didn't last long before she indicated I should get up. She laid down on the table, spread her legs, and made it obvious I should fuck her now, missionary. I did so, but the whole process was just so lacking in any sort of real arousal that it took some time for me to cum. I managed it eventually, and she then finished off the rest of the time with some more pathetic massage of my legs and arms.

If it wasn't for the fact that she was happy to fuck it would have been completely unrecommendable. But I guess if you just want a quick fuck, then this is an option.


Floor: #8
Post Time: 9th February 2018, 07:23 PM
Poster ID: Jordansigley
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hay all

Just had a pretty bad experience but i am not going to go the review template as it was not a complete session. 

Was checking out roster at work and notice Apple Massage has a photo of a rather attractive lady posted and she wad called JoJo. 

They had photos of other ladies with the same backgroud and hence i was able to make reference to the background and compare the ladies height, a natural thing that a guy who has a thing in tall asian would do. 

So called up ahead and lady confirmed Jojo is a Korean lady when I asked. Sweet so book for Jojo for my enjoyment. Made the effort to walk from Wynyard to all the way towards Chinatown. 

Turned out right on time, paid for my hour and led to the room, took off clothes, a lady comes in. I had a feeling it wasnt Jojo (the lady pictured to led to my booking). 

Not only was she short, A quick interaction revealed that she had heavy Thai accent. Not that I had anything against Thai ladies they are beautiful but she clearly wasnt what I have asked for. 

I should have known because the lady over the phone asked if i have seen her before which i said no but i saw pics from their roster and thought she was hot. Apparently that granted them the right to serve you someone else who you did not ask for. 

I then asked the lady where she she came from, she paused. This confirmed my assumption. I asked again, you know me already cause u booked me by my name. To which i replied, sorry no i dont, i booked Jojo because of the picture. 

She relunctantly answered Korea with Thai accent. I asked to be excused and go for a shower. I was going to cop it but thought why? Being a gentleman i did not want to say it to her face but insisted to speak to the manager as the fake Jojo was waiting outside the bathroom. 

I felt pressured and this gave me greater reassurance that i am going to do the right thing. I said to the Thai lady that I need to speak to the manager so please excuse myself. 

Confronted the young chinese lady manager that i ddidnt think she was Jojo. 

She first defended claiming she WAS Jojo. 
Okay i was not going to argue how you name your staff, as they are fake names anyways. 

I said she didnt appear to be Korean, and manager replied 'not every girl is Korean'. 
Fair enough but until i let her know that when i made the booking earlier in the day i was told that Jojo would be a Korean lady. 

She was left speechless and tried to get away with the 'oh the previous girl who took your call has finished for the day'. 

I said i was genuinely disappointed and I Left with a sack full. And yes They did refund in full. 

Had they been honest upfront, whatever reason it could have been, i probably would have gone with the Thai lady being a gentleman. Untill they pull that shit and ive decided that i wouldnt take it. 

They made the effort to have real photos posted, and they fact that there are at least 2 other shops right next to it, such a pity that they have done this. 

Would highly recommend you guys to steer clear of this shop. 

End of the day, theres a very good reason 227 broadway and Bella massage are always recommended by All the people out there.


Floor: #9
Post Time: 17th March 2019, 10:06 PM
Poster ID: Eric1234
Post Title: 
 Coco - Apple Massage - 374 Pitt Street, Sydney - 02 92679077
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Coco

Establishment : Apple Massage

Date of Visit : March 19

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://sydneycityapplemassage374.com/2017/12/03/coco/

Phone : 02 92679077

Hours of Business : 10am - late

Rates : $70 hour, $50 for HJ, +$50 for CBJ

Age : 30's?

Size/shape : Coco has a bangin' Slim body with great D? soft breasts.  I don't believe that they are enhanced, but if they are, it is a great job.  Her face is pretty when she smiles, however other times, it looks like she has led a tough life.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Vietnamese

Services Provided : Massage, HJ, CBJ

Value for money/recommend? : Was ok...

My experience/comments : 

Went to Apple Massage.  The reception person is always discreet, pleasant and polite (I've met two different reception people).  I asked to see the girls and ended up selecting Coco after she came in with a nice big pleasant smile.  She has an amazing slim body with great breasts, and when she smiles, she is quite pretty.  There were times during the session when she wasn't smiling and I got the feeling that she has had a tough life and may be older than first glance.  Not taking anything away from her, but she is not conventionally pretty.  Her english is not great, and she is vietnamese (as opposed to the Thai it says on the website).  With that being said, she has the body of a hot 20 year old.

Massage was ok, very light - but I don't like heavy / deep massages anyway.  Halfway through our time, she started the light touch/tickle down there, which I definitely enjoyed.  Enough touch to have you aching for more.  Spaced apart enough to have you squirming, yet touching down there often enough to have you moaning.  She's a good cock tease!

Soon I was asked to turn over, and then "do you want extras"?  I felt like a BJ, at which point she asked for $100.  I knew it was a lot, but by that stage you aren't exactly thinking with your head...well the one on top of your neck anyways!  I forked over the cash and she ducked out for a minute.  She came back with a condom, applied it and went at it.  To be honest, whilst I do enjoy a BBBJ, there are also the safety aspects, so I don't mind it when the girls want to do a CBJ.  

She had great form, had me groaning and finished me off at the right time with some nice wrist action.  I enjoyed my time, it was a great release, however she is not the pretty young thing I normally prefer.  Still, looking at the mirror at her amazing body whilst she was giving me the CBJ was definitely a thrill and her form was impeccable.


Floor: #10
Post Time: 16th April 2019, 10:59 AM
Poster ID: Eric1234
Post Title: 
 Aiko - Apple CBD Massage - 02 9267 9077
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Aiko

Establishment : Apple Massage CBD

Date of Visit : March 19

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://sydneycityapplemassage374.com/

Phone : 02 9267 9077

Hours of Business : 10am till late

Rates : 1 hour $70 + $50 extras (HJ)

Age : 20's

Size/shape : Extremely small, petite.  Cute face.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Massage, Nude HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : 

I asked to see the lineup (there were only 2 available) and was impressed by Aiko.  I paid the friendly reception person and was taken to the room by Aiko.  Aiko is very petite, with a cute face and a gorgeous slim and toned body.  On this day was dressed in a small school girl/sailor moon outfit.  I enjoyed following her to the room as I got to check out her cute little butt as she walked ahead of me.  

Aiko speaks basically no English but really seemed friendly enough and made the effort to communicate through hand gestures etc.  Whilst having a nice conversation to form a connection is often important, I felt that with Aiko, she tried very hard to communicate with gestures and be friendly...probably so much so, that I felt a little sorry for her as it must be so hard to be in Australia and working when she knows so little English.

Her massage skills were average but to be honest, I find a good massage to be a bonus and it is not why I attend these places.  I say that because if you are looking for a good massage, Aiko is not the one to deliver it.  Having said that, what I did really enjoy is the second part of the session.  After I agreed to extras, Aiko stripped off revealing a tight toned and very petite body.  I was able to kiss her breasts, and neck and also rub her pussy a bit (no insertion - I don't normally do that as I feel most ML's don't want or enjoy it).  She would lean in and lightly moan and breathe into my ear which is incredibly erotic when done right.  On this particular day it took quite a long time for me to finish and Aiko was a trooper taking a nice slow approach at first followed by steady pumping until I came.  

The best way to describe her is cute and very friendly.  If that is something you like, you will definitely enjoy your experience with her.  Please be gentle and respect her though.  Her English skills are non-existent which may not work for everyone.


