Thread Title: Central Massage - 316 Elizabeth Street Sydney - 0449 593 863
Floor: #1
Post Time: 28th May 2018, 05:04 PM
Poster ID: LUNGOR
Post Title: 
 Central Massage - 316 Elizabeth Street Sydney - 0449 593 863
				
Post Content: 
Girls name: Kate

Shop: 316 Central Massage, also works at 650 George St Bamboo massage same name hence the prefix.

Address: 316 Elizabeth St Central 

Phone: 0449-593-863

Date: May Day 

Rate: $40/30 min, $50 tips 

Body: 25 yr old, beautiful young Thai girl, small a Cups but awesome butt off that tiny waist. She is one hot babe, hot enough for me to look beyond the a’s. Size 4, quite tall actual, lovely long hair but once again, such a beautiful face !!

Services : soft massage, some b2b, HJ, ass slides, HJ finishes


Experience:

Was at a work function in Crown St, always planned to duck out early to have a quickie somewhere.

Got down to Riley St and saw an Open sign, wasn’t sure which shop was it, walked in anyway and turned out to be 385! FS it is then, but let’s meet the girls , the young papasan said 4 girls available so go into the lounge room and wait.

Price list on the table, early bird special : $110 for 30 min before 7pm: CBJ and CFS, that will do me. They have gold and premium services too like Bbbj etc. but that I leave to all you FS punters. I just want to fuck some busty girl this time.

So 4 girls came for the intro one at a time , no busty girl at all, all very skinny, probably suit other brothers but not me. No point staying, papasan came back , I said they all so skinny, no busty girl ? Sorry not tonight, ok see you next time.

Walk back out, heading to Forveaux, thinking about 316 with a sense of adventure and some great memories about Rebecca, Emma and Co. I hope someone is free.

Get to the familiar old dent, the bus stop was packed. Walked straight up the stairs, the stairways seemed to be a lot brighter than before, the mezzanine level has a new look too. Finally reached the top of the stairs and the reception desk is right there. A receptionist look up and said: you want a massage?

I said, anyone free? 

Yes,

She then yell behind her - that area used to be the waiting area is now another room. I can see someone laying there. When the mamasan yelled: Kate, come meet the customer.

A girl got up, look at me and said hi, it was so far away, I can’t see her face clearly and certainly no idea of her body. Thinking thinking, well, I’m here now, surely it can’t be as bad as that Thai shop up in the Cross, this shop surely is the sure thing, right? 

While I was hesitated , the mamasan said, only two girls today, tomorrow we have three girls- so looks like she is working too, but her would be a no thank you as I can clearly look down her top which is nothing much there and she didn’t even look a bit pleasant or interested.

So, Kate it is, why not, so I pulled out my wallet . There is a price list on the wall, $40/30 min, so I handed $40 across and the Chinese milf yelled out again: Kate, 30 min.

Then she pointed to a room right next to reception with the door closed, and told me to get in there . I open the door, it was so messy, it’s a rnt alright, all the evidence were there, on the dirty table cover, on the floor etc. obviously it hasn’t been cleaned since the last customer. I pointed the mess to her, didn’t even apologise and just said take the first room then. That used to be my favorite room, larger and has the largest size bed and perfect wall mirror, just hope it’s clean, it’s clean but the room has been resized and no where near the size before (it used to have two doors, now only one, go figure) a smaller but ok mirror on the wall which is workable.

Kate came into the room, now in close up, I am very pleased that I am staying, Kate is very beautiful!! Looks like a mix but later I found out she is 100% Thai.

She was wearing a medium length dress and disappointingly, she is not busty at all. May be an A cup or small B at the most. But with such a pretty face, she is well worth the session.

I handed the mandatory $50 to her, this is your tip, she smiled sweetly and said thank you then said I go get some tissue and wet wipes, of course you should young Katie!

Story of Kate Thai continues.........


And Kate turns on the room heater before she went out, it was a rather cold evening.

I got undressed and noticed that there is now a one seater tub chair in the room. Not much use I suppose apart from putting my clothes on top.

As I got naked , Kate came back with all the cleaning materials and the room is getting hot very quickly, I turned the heater right down to a more comfortable level then lay down on the table and I told Kate I have a hard day at work so I only need a soft massage .

Kate runs her hand featherly along my naked butt and said , like this ??

Yeah baby! 

You want oil or no oil?

No oil is fine .

So my softie Thai massage with Kate begins. It wasn’t really a massage, just her running her soft hands gently and lightly up and down my bare back.

It was nice and relaxing and honestly could be a lot better in being erotic, sensual and seductive- unfortunately Kate hasn’t quite got those TT skills and mentality yet. But still , as I turned my head to my left and watch her doing her stuff from the mirror, it’s still a very pleasant experience. 

So I turned my body just a touch and bented one leg so my under carriage was exposed a bit , showing my intention and invitation there, if it was Cherry or Yuki or Gigi or Mimi massaging me right now my cock and balls will well and truly be getting the pampering they all deserved.

But young Kate didn’t seem to notice the changes and just continues on her nothing but nice touching.

A few minutes passed, still nothing sensual happening, so I twisted my butt a bit and said: please touch me ! Kate started to give my balls some very light feathers but nothing too sexy and I wasn’t even getting hard, so I thought enough of this and I sat up and got a drink of water from my bottle.

Now I lay face up to Kate and she know what I want now and finally she puts her hands on to lil AH !

As I am getting hard, I sat up and look closely into Kate’s eyes, very clear and big eyes , and that pretty face ! She is still fully clothed so I whispered to her ears: can I see your body please.

She asked me to help her unzip her dress from the back and she has matching bra and undies inside. She took her dress and pants down in one motion then reach to her back and undid her bra, it was almost a non event as she only had very small a cup. She reminds me of the young Thai girl Penny whom I tried her maiden RnT session at SL all those years ago - Penny also had small tits but even then, she was bigger than Kate. Well. She is a young girl, her body is smooth and flawless, and clean and no tatts, and I have to hold it, so I ask Kate to stand in front of me. She is quite tall and for the first time I see her butt!!

Those are absolutely booty, full moonish, curvy and bouncy ASS! And when contrasted by Kate’s tiny waist, it’s almost like a photoshop condition, if only she has a bigger pair of tits, she would be PERFECT !!

I cupped her butts with both hands ! My brain instantly comparing Kate with another famous Thai babe Neimi of Silver Fox fame. She was also small tits and big butt but much older and no where near as pretty as Kate, but Neimi was much more skilful and gave me awesome Italian ass slides finishes , I wonder if Kate would let me..........

As I continued to admire and gently caress Kate’s awesome butt, I said to her, you have a beautiful bum! She said thank you.

You are such a beautiful girl, do all your customers tell you the same thing?

Not really .

You must be very popular and have lots of regulars?

She smiled and said no.

Do you work in other shop?

Yes.

Where ? In the city ?

In George St

What number?

650, it’s the same owner with this shop so they share the girls .

I know that shop, it’s inside World Sq.

Yes, that’s the one.

As my cock wasn’t oil up yet, so it’s hard to try to rub it against Kate’s bum, so I lay back down on the table, and only 5 min left I think. So it’s time to shoot!

Kate got up to the table and try to give me some b2b, honestly, I felt a bit awkward when she slides those tiny a cup on my semi, but full credit for her even trying , I did like it when she switched to the middle of the table and slides me horizontally like a cross. Because this way. She is up on the table and her nice round butt is at arms length, that right angle curve is so round and booty, I couldn’t help myself but lift up to land a few kisses on the side of the bum! It would have been absolutely devine if I could fuck her doggy style from behind right now ! So meaty, it’s build for hard banging that’s for sure, damn, her boyfriend is such a lucky guy !

Kate sort of notice the timing by now and more oil on her hands and she is giving it to me now, her HJ is quite good actually, even when time was running out, she was rushing and tried to jerk me off vigorously. Still just even temple and one hand jerking and one hand caressing the balls.

By now , I only have one thing on my mind, cock slide that ass to completion! So I ask for more oil. And then got up. turned Kate around facing the wall mirror and applied my cock between her butt crack, and I said, your bum is so nice I love it. At this point Kate realised what I was trying to do, and said, please don’t cum on my body !

Oh well, there goes the Italian job, the lady’s wishes must be respected so I said, ok don’t worry, I won’t but just a little bit longer please.

So I slide it up and down for another few seconds - honestly, I was getting close too, another 10-15 seconds I would have shoot up a big load up her back, but can’t do that of course, so I stopped and sat on the side of the table, Kate stood in front of me and she knew I was getting closed so she was doing it a lot quicker now.

I pulled her closer to me, standing between my legs and I have my thighs closed and rested on the outsides of her hips and bum. My hands reached to her back and have a strong grab of her butt, like I have done a hundred times before but it usually was grabbing a breast when I cum, and cum I did, quite a few shots too I must say - so I was really aroused with all those possible Italian actions but not to completion which was a pity. I could just imagine what a mess I would have made on her back. No wonder she denied my pleasure ........ haha

Oh, and I must say this, for the final seconds just before I cum, when Kate was working so hard with her hands and I was grabbing and squeezing hard on her ass, our faces were like only 5/6 inches apart and directly facing each other. And I looked deep into her eyes as i cum and that was one hell of a sensual and erotic experience! And that a little hint of smiles when she knew her job is done was like a tiny little compliment as if she was saying: ok old man, you cum now, you do good ! Happy now ?

And that was pretty hard work for me too so I have to collapse on to the table and let Kate do all the cleanings.

When I caught my breath, got up, got dressed and Kate hold my arm as I walk out, the receptionist didn’t even look up to say goodbye but I purposely made an effort to tell her: Kate is a lovely girl, so beautiful, really good ! 

And guess what? No response from her either!

But who cares, I walk down the stairs and out in the cold a very happy man.

Kate! You know all the drills, highly recommended !

Cheers


Floor: #2
Post Time: 5th August 2019, 08:02 PM
Poster ID: downthelane
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sasa

Establishment : Central Moon Bay Massage

Date of Visit : July 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 2/316 Elizabeth St, Surry Hills NSW / WeChat ID: M0449593863

Phone : 0449 593 863

Hours of Business : 10am to 8pm

Rates : $40 30 mins, $55 45 mins, $65 60 mins + $50 tip

Age : 20s

Size/shape : Short, D cups

Nationality or Ethnicity : Taiwanese

Services Provided : Clothed massage, NHJ

Value for money/recommend? : No

My experience/comments :

I'd clocked this place on my travels to and from the various establishments in this stretch of Surry Hills and looking to shake things up ducked in one day.

Venturing up the stairs to the second floor landing, I was greeted at reception by Sasa who showed me to a small room with a space heater, massage table and arm chair. She asked how long I wanted, I opted for a 30 minute session, handed over the cash and she left to leave me to get undressed.

Sasa was wearing a jumper over a black dress so it was hard to gauge from the outset what lay beneath. She has a quiet and slightly cheeky demeanour. Removing the jumper and dress revealed a boyish figure with large, nicely shaped D cup breasts and dark, erect nipples. Clean shaven below.

Part one was a good relaxing massage over the entire body. She used her palms and fists to apply even pressure along the muscles of my body and hopped on the table for more leverage. This combined with the loud ticking of clock made for a quite relaxing experience. After the halfway mark there was some light stroking along the legs, buttocks and inner thighs to hint that extras were incoming. Sasa then asked if I wanted a hand job. I confirmed that this was to be nude and she indicated a $50 payment to be made upfront.

The money retrieved from my clothes and handed over, she nuded up.

There was a brief session of her sweeping her breasts back and forth across my chest before Sasa applied some more oil to her hands and began a standard hj. Sensing I was interested in becoming more acquainted with her chest she twisted her upper body towards me allowing me to touch and kiss her breasts and nipples. She joined me on the table and only allowed the occasional closed mouthed peck on the lips and light touching at the top of her pussy. As soon as I massaged her clit the game was off and touching was out. I had to take control to get over the line and she comically arched her body way over the other side of the massage table to avoid even the slightest chance of coming into contact when I unloaded.

She left to get a hot towel and gave a basic wipe down and then handed me some tissues to dry off.

As I was getting dressed she mentioned she also works in a shop in Bondi though without indication as to where. I'm assuming its part of the same ownership group.

I like the casual intimacy of the shop and enjoyed the massage but I don't know that there was enough in part two to warrant a recommendation.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 5th August 2019, 11:08 PM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
2 weeks ago when i was up in Sydney, i had planned to walk up the stairs of this shop opposite all those bus stops , but i swear the shop may have closed down, as the door to the stairs was not open, this was around 6.30pm so it was not too late.  I may be wrong, but then i may be right.

I had noticed this shop on the previous visit, when i popped into the metro to buy some snacks. I also remember a young Asian girl in a breathtaking green satin dress standing opposite the entry to this shop with a couple of her friends.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 6th August 2019, 09:12 AM
Poster ID: LUNGOR
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by brauninc


2 weeks ago  when i was up in Sydney, i had planned to walk up the stairs of this shop opposite all those bus stops , but i swear the shop may have closed down, as the door to the stairs was not open, this was around 6.30pm so it was not too late.  I may be wrong, but then i may be right.

I had noticed this shop on the previous visit, when i popped into the metro to buy some snacks. I also remember a young Asian girl in a breathtaking green satin dress standing opposite the entry to this shop with a couple of her friends
"""



This was the birth place of Alice of 227 Broadway fame ! And was at one point my go to shop as it was just opposite the Central - same convenient as 1B QVB !


Floor: #5
Post Time: 6th August 2019, 11:46 PM
Poster ID: downthelane
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I've been in Surry Hills a couple of times over the last week (for non-punting reasons) and its been open with the sandwich board chained just outside the entrance. They don't post that often on their WeChat but they have also posted a couple of times to their Moments over the same period.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 27th December 2019, 02:53 PM
Poster ID: LUNGOR
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Annie

Establishment : Central Moon Bay Massage

Date of Visit : December 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 2/316 Elizabeth St, Surry Hills NSW / WeChat ID: M0449593863

Phone : 0449 593 863

Hours of Business : 10am to 8pm

Rates : $40 30 mins, $55 45 mins, $65 60 mins + $50 tip

Age : late 20s

Size/shape : curvy, womanly sized, probably at least a 10, may be 12+, all natural 36 D Cups, big ass and covered mid section - read on

Nationality or Ethnicity : Korean

Services Provided : relaxing massage which is quite enjoyable, topless and bottomless HJ - read on

Value for money/recommend? : It was pretty OK for me and as a walk in quickie with no booking, I think I did fine, don't mind running into her whenever my usual favourites are not available. So yes, if you like larger woman with big tits.

My experience/comments :


Was near Central and have time for a quickie, it was 10.15am actually and my plan was to visit Massage at Central at 423 but unfortunately no one home, Angela usually is there early wasn't in, so disappointingly I walked towards 316, thinking if no big tits girl on show, then I will walk all the way to either Siam Sila or QVB, determined to have a cum shot this morning............haha

Walked up the narrow stairs and could hear some Chinese women arguing, that was on the mezzanine floor, didn't want to be seen by these women, who may or may not be working MLs from upstairs, reached the reception at the top and there was one Asian girl saying hi, you want a massage.

She was plain looking, probably no make up on yet, she was sitting down, so can't really tell her body shape, she was wearing a white T shirt and from where I was looking, she should have a decent size pair underneath, so I asked, who is working now? it's so early, only me, and I just want to make sure: you provide specials for $50 tip? she gave me a positive nod of the head and then stands up and comes out of the reception to show me where to go. quite a tall girl, full size, curvy, the T shirt turns out to be open mid section and she was wearing some sort of body belt or corset, even allowing for some push up or lifting effects, her boobs from the size way view are big, ok, she will do, so I handed over the $40 massage fees and $50 tip, she opens the door right opposite reception but I need to use the bathroom so make my way down the hall, I have been to this shop so many times, and obviously they haven't done any major changes.

Back to the room, Annie asks me to undress and I got naked before laying on the table, Annie comes back, didn't ask if I like strong or soft, she just gets right into it, I think she is more toward the medium to soft side, as she is a bigger lady and seemingly knows what she is doing, so I just go with the flow and see what she's like, so she started with neck and shoulder and using mainly her palms, they are soft, meaty and warm and feel very good as she slides them along my back, firm but without applying too much pressure to be therapeutic. back, lower back and around my waist, again, firm but still reasonable soft. no bum massage, no crack massage and no TT even when she started on the legs. So that was a bit disappointing.

at the half way, Annie went outside to get a hot towel, love it when they are steamy hot and always feels good with the hot towel even on a relatively warm day. Again, without any further touching or teasing on my back side, I was told to turn over, OK, the moment of truth:

So the T-shirt came off and bra is out, heap, finally, something Not disappointing, they are big tits, and looks totally natural. then the pants are off, from the angle and lighting from the room, can't tell what's her landscaping downunder and Annie is now topless and bottomless anyway. but she body corset stays !!

I sort of look at it and point my finger to it ? Annie explains, they are for my back but you can touch my anywhere you like, just not inside, ok, fair enough. and being someone with a long term back problem myself I can totally understand that, just not sure if other punters will be put off by that. then again, I have seen other old milfs in massage shop using that as an excuse in order to wear those corset type to hide and cover their mid section - in case they have got saggy and big belly. which shouldn't be the case with Annie as I don't think she is over 30 yet.

so Annie stands next to me and started to touch me between my legs, I help myself to her big tits. her right side is slightly smaller than the left side but equally perky and quite full. very nice hand feel with her relatively young age. BTW, this room has no mirror !! so no point for me to get up my play the big tits in front of the mirror thing. but laying there with both hand full I can't complain, they are big enough for me to use both my hands to cup on breast, then the other, and while I should be her first customer of the day, so usually I would have treat my self to some breasts feeding and suck for all they are worth, but not sure if it is those corset she was wearing that turned me off a bit. so the urge to lick and suck on those tits just wasn't really there.

Annie's hands while soft and warm and meaty, she HJ skill is sort of mono and could be quite boring, and not much touching of the surrounding sensual areas either, as time is nearly up and I probably need to cum very soon, so I suggested that Annie use both of her hands and show her where to hold and jerk and where to caress the balls and plays a bit more. much better not, so listen boys, don't be shy, if you ML isn't that experienced or that good, tell her what you like and make the most of your session. like yours truly here.

By the way, I have ruled out titty fuck and Spanish by myself as good as Annie was naked - for obviously reason, as I don't thing I would want to tits fuck her when she was still wearing that thing. So this is just gonna be a grabbing the tits and cum session, and I did move my hand down and gran her ass cheek, which is full and bouncy. but when it's time to cum, my hands were both firmly grabbing those big tits, not my best shot in recent times but cum I did and as this is our first meet, my right hand let go of her tits and place on top of her main jerking hand, just make sure there ain't no stopping or letting go mid shot !!

So as I calm down, my hand was moving her hand which is still hold my dick and we were in a movement of harmony until I am done and dusted.

Some cleaning to follow and I found out she doesn't have wet tissue and she was trying to use that old hot towel to wipe my legs, no thank you I said, I got up and used my own bag of wet wipes !! We both got dressed in the room and I asked Annie if the shop is still owned by the Thai owner from 651 Moon Bay and it is.

As I walk back out to Elizabeth Street, I walked across the road and I was inside Central Station already, this is why 316 used to be one of my favourite RnT shop when Alice was running it, it's actually MORE convenient than QVB !!

Well, for Annie, I think if I were to see her again, I would do two things:

1. Either ask for a strong massage or a soft sexy massage - so I would either get a firm part 1 or have a long TT part 1
2. Try to get her to take off that corset thing, I don't really care if she has a belly or whatever, I just want to fuck those tits - if I may and hopefully not have to pay more??


Just telling it as it is.

Cheers


