Floor: #1
Post Time: 19th February 2015, 10:43 PM
Poster ID: antares01
Post Title: 
 Chabaa Thai & Remedial Massage - 3/242 Elizabeth St Surry Hills 9281 3288
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sounded like Yoyo

Establishment : Chabaa Thai & Remedial Massage

Date of Visit : 18 Feb 2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 3/242 Elizabeth St Surry Hills 9281 3288 (no sign of a web site)

Hours of Business : 10am to 9pm 7 days

Rates : $70 for 1 hr oil massage

Age : early 20s

Size/shape : Small slim 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian - possibly indian

Services Provided : Straight massage

Value for money/recommend? : For the massage - outstanding

My experience/comments : Thought I would TOFTT as nil reviews posted as yet. I had dropped in previously to pick up a brochure and I did get a feeling that perhaps it wasn't totally legit.  Little bit untidy in reception and the 2 younger girls on at the time were eying me with a certain speculative look.  Anyway dropped in an hour before closing.  Cute, dark young girl behind the desk in reception dressed in Thai ML outfit.  I agreed I would like a massage and a bit of questioning on her part narrowed it down to a relaxing oil massage for 1 hour.  There is a plethora of prices on their brochure and I was charged $70 for 1 hour which doesnt appear anywhere  on the price list.  Yoyo takes me in a miniscule room with just enough room for a massage table and tells me "take clothes off" and points to the table.  No mention of leaving undies on or paper ones.  So, clothes off and onto the table.  I left a $50 note in plain view on top of my clothing

Yoyo comes back and covers me with a towel.  She seemed very quiet and reserved, avoided eye contact.  Yoyo starts with a kneading back massage through the towel and then slowly pulls the towel down to my bum and commences a deliciously slow and sensual oil massage on my back.  Very nice indeed.  Once the back is done, Yoyo leaves for a minute and returns with a cloth and warm water and washes the oil off my back.  Then without saying anything ................. produces hot pebbles and places a line of them down my back and puts one in each of my palms.  Towel is now replaced on my back and Yoyo now moves to my lower half.   Each leg and bum cheek is uncovered and massaged in turn slowly and sensually, and remarkably close to little ant when massaging the inner thigh.  Yoyo then removes the pebbles and holds the towel up high so as to preserve my modesty while I roll over.

Yoyo now massages each foot and leg in turn with the towel strategically placed.  Again her hands get very close to little ant while massaging inner thighs.  Yoyo made no attempt to massage my chest and at this point, contrary to my usual practice, I decided not to ask about extras but just accept and enjoy it as a very nice and legit massage.  

In summary very nice and quite sensual legit oil massage.  In the near future, I may return with my newly stamped loyalty card to double check re extras.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 13th October 2015, 06:13 PM
Poster ID: antares01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Dropped in here a couple of weeks ago to test the water again.  Offered my frequent massage card from last visit and opted for a 1 hour oil massage.  Mamasan took over from the younger girl who took my $ - really pushed in actually.  Somewhat reserved and unfriendly - never improved from this point on folks.  I have to say a pretty ordinary massage for a legit place.  No offers and I didn't bother asking re extras.  Apart from my one Dragonfly massage experience, probably the worst legit massage I have had, and I do indulge in a legit massage from time to time.  Won't be going back again as not worth it for the legit massage and looks like no extras available.  I wonder how long they will stay in business?


