Thread Title: Chinese Remedial Massage - Lvl 1, 398-402  Sussex St, Sydney - 02 9269 0928
Floor: #1
Post Time: 14th July 2010, 12:30 AM
Poster ID: BadAussieBoy
Post Title: 
 Chinese Remedial Massage - Lvl 1, 398-402  Sussex St, Sydney - 02 9269 0928
				
Post Content: 
Establishment and/or person's Name: Chinese Remedial Massage (actually didn't get the name of this place as I thought there was already a review thread on it - so I just took a punt on what it may be called) - Anna

Contact Details/Address: Lvl 1 398 Sussex St Sydney (Chinatown)

Prices: $35/$60 30/60 mins

Age: Early 20's

Size/shape: Slim & average height for an asian girl

Nationality or Ethnicity: Chinese

Services: Massage + HJ (extra $20) + clothes off (extra $30)

Value for money/recommend ? Not bad, pretty standard.

My experience: Have seen Anna here before and she has come a long way in regards to both her confidence and massage technique.

Quite a pretty girl (say 7/10), a-cups, friendly but not really engaging. English is OK but not great.

This time around just went with massage finished with a HJ - give them a 7/10 each.

Have seen some other cute girls there, and some that have been a bit older and less attractive.

Asked if she offered BJ - no. Reluctant to allow touching through clothes, and was even reluctant for me to touch her one time when I paid the extra $30!!


Floor: #2
Post Time: 19th April 2011, 06:17 PM
Poster ID: Hohnerboy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
And there I was thinking I was taking one for the team...

went up the dodgy stairs, into the shop,  had R&T wwritten all over, and when the young lass welcomed me and showed me into the room I was sure of it.

Took the $35 for 30 mins option

Kit off laying face down, and a fairly ok massage ensued.

She had pretty good english, and was cute as a button. Turns out she is Anna! Well, as far as I can tell from when BAB was last there, her english has come along leaps and bounds.
At the roll over time, the usual question was asked, followed by the usual answer.(HJ? $20 Bloody oath!)

Clothes of for another $30, revealing a sweet size 6, with a-cups as mentioned by BAB.

Some touching was allowed, and all too soon I was over the line.

Anna works  tuesdays and saturdays


Floor: #3
Post Time: 11th November 2011, 01:42 AM
Poster ID: uzz30
Post Title: 
 Helen, works Thursday afternoon / evening. All day Friday.
				
Post Content: 
Name: Helen, works Thursday afternoon / evening. All day Friday. 
Contact Details/Address: Lvl 1 398 Sussex St Sydney (Chinatown) Phone: 92811686

Prices: $35/$60 30/60 mins

Age:  31

Size/shape: 5'1" About what you'd expect from a mum with 1 child and a C scar.

Nationality or Ethnicity: Chinese. 

Services: Massage + HJ (extra $20) + clothes off (extra $30)

Value for money/recommend : Massage - Excellent. HJ + Clothes off - Average. Recommend if you need a good massage first and a quick HJ 2nd.

My experience: First time here, greeted by Helen who led me to a purpose built room with massage table where we discussed price and extras. Wouldn't budge on the $50 for extra, but promised to make it worth my while. Settled on $110 all up for one hour.

This is a job for Helen and she does it quite well, the massage was excellent and she really knew her stuff using good technique and didn't need to be told where the knotted muscles were and applied herself determinedly. I was a bit disappointed that she didn't disrobe at the start, it would have felt even better if it had been her naked B cups being pushed into my body. She lets me stroke her legs and thighs, but no higher as I lie face down.

So we must have got through about 45-50 of good theruptic massage with only the occasionaly brushing of my balls to stir my loins when she signals to me to turn over. A moment of confusion ensues when I'm trying to encourage her to disrobe as its now or never. She slips rapidly out of her clothes and goes straight to HJ. Positioning herself so as to prohibit access to her unshaven thatch. Her boobs are firm and nipples quite perky and I'm allowed to carress those. Like her massage she knows her stuff when it comes to HJ's, so with the same professional determination sets to work seeming to want to get this over with as quickly as possible. She works a well lubed finger up my ass and its not long that I can hold out to this onslaught. I do manage to get a nipple into my mouth before blowing copiously. She expertly avoids the flood and cleans me down with tissues and towels then gets me to lie back and relax as she zips her clothes back on and disappears mysteriously.

I lie back for a while in the pleasent warm afterglow and just as I contemplate that I might be expected just to get dressed and leave she returns with a hot towel with which to complete the clean up.

So all in all, a great value massage service from Helen, with an effecient naked HJ which is probably only average in value.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 18th November 2011, 09:38 PM
Poster ID: lmnopt
Post Title: 
 Sussex St, 400 and something
				
Post Content: 
ok, I don't know the exact address of this place (I used to know it but I go there so often that my feet just take me on their own) what I do know is that if you walk up sussex st (away from central), walk past the place with other reviews at 410 and reach the reflexology signs all over the door (always a big yellow one, others differ) and go up the stairwell past all the signs saying 'Massage' to level 4 you will eventually reach it.

Person's Name : All of them, seriously I've never seen a girl I havnt had

Establishment : Somewhere on sussex st

Date of Visit : probably twice a month for the past year, most recently 18/11/2011

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : none

Hours of Business :  earliest I've been is 9am, latest is 11pm

Rates : $60 1 hour (I think?) $40 1/2 hour, $20+ Happy Ending, $20+ no clothes

Age : 20-30

Size/shape : from absurdly skinny (ew...) to quit round and curvy 

Nationality or Ethnicity : all asian, some look jap but mostly chinese

Services Provided : Happy ending massage

Value for money/recommend? : yes

My experience/comments : This is a place which I found right a the beginning of this year and was the first place of this type I had ever been to.

I have been there with every girl I have ever seen working, you get no real choice as to who you get as there are normally 1-3 girls sitting in the lounges waiting and I'm pretty sure they just cycle through because one always knows that its her turn and stands up and offers you a massage.

They will take you into 1 of 4 rooms with a massage table with walls covered in signs telling you "Relaxing massage only, no sexual service" they always ask for 40/60 up front depending on your chosen time, you lie down and enjoy a massage  these are normally pretty damn good massages as far as non-sexual massages go, I could swear that my most recent girl was a trained masseuse because she knew what she was doing, I almost didn't need to pay the extra if you get my meaning.

normally at around the half way point for 30 min or nearing the end for 60 min they will ask you to roll over and then offer you a happy ending, every girl will do this. Some girls will also offer to take their clothes of, some will offer to take their clothes of but leave bra/panties on, some will offer to let you touch them, here is a break down of the prices, and yes, they know exactly how attractive they are:

More attractive, HJ - $30, Clothes off - $20-$30, Touching - $0-$20 (often not extra when both clothes off + HJ)
Most attractive, HJ - $40 (but damn was it worth it), Clothes off - $30, Touching $20
Less attractive, HJ - $20, Clothes off - $20 (Most in this level wont offer), Touching $0 extra

some have slight variations on this, one of the significantly less attractive asked for $40 for a happy ending, reluctantly I agreed and honestly to go I don't know what she did down there but all I'm pretty sure I blacked out it was so good.

Note - Being fairly regular now when I turn up the same girl always stands up if she is there, I'm fairly sure that she is the head girl as she seems to know her shit and twice a client has been making trouble and she has been called out to sort that shit out, I asked her about other services and she told me very specifically that NO GIRL will EVER do anything else other than HJ, No clothes and touching. She got quite fired up about this and I get the feeling that its far to much to hope for.


Now because this is the only one of these I have ever been to (if it aint broke why fix it?) I don't know if this is good or bad comparatively, what I do know is that at worst its a pretty good wank and rather nice massage, at best its a mind blowing experience, probably the same at every place.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 18th November 2011, 09:54 PM
Poster ID: BadAussieBoy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hi Imnopt,

Thanks for the review. Perhaps you may be kind enough to locate the street number via Google maps street view, and then we can move the review to its correct home.

Thanks in advance.

Cheers,

BAB


Floor: #6
Post Time: 19th November 2011, 11:12 AM
Poster ID: lmnopt
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
ok, looked it up and there is no number on the place but its right next to 389, so I would assume 390 (ish)

also I forgot to mention that cleanup is normally tissues then hot towel and a shower if you ask


Floor: #7
Post Time: 6th December 2011, 09:20 PM
Poster ID: asegt
Post Title: 
 Chinese massage - Level 1, 398-402 Sussex St, Sydney
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name :   Jenny (??)

Establishment :   Chinese Massage (signage wasn't in english)

Date of Visit :   14/11/11

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :   

Hours of Business :    10am - ??

Rates :   $35 Massage, +$30 HJ or $50 topless HJ

Age :   35+

Size/shape : Curvy/Plump

Nationality or Ethnicity :   Chinese

Services Provided : HJ/Topless HJ. May have had more available but didn't ask.

Value for money/recommend? : Ok

My experience/comments : Went in looking for an actual massage in this moderately hidden upstairs Chinese massage parlor (wasn't much english signage, but it had the pictures up so I thought it was a normal massage place).  Only one okay looking mature lady on duty when I entered. Was ushered into a dark room and told to take my clothes off.

She was very friendly but obviously didn't speak a lot of english. Laying down, giving a massage she asked if I'd like a handjob for $30. Once I said yes, she said she'd take her top off for $50. She had an okay rack so I said yes and let me get a bit of a grope while she finished me off. Very expert hands, knew what she was doing but was a bit mature for me to ask for anything more.

On the way out I noticed there were a few prettier girls who were sitting around that weren't there when I first entered, may be worth it for other punters


Floor: #8
Post Time: 9th December 2011, 12:06 AM
Poster ID: roflevo
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
imnot's review makes me really wanna visit this one and compare!


Floor: #9
Post Time: 24th May 2012, 10:29 AM
Poster ID: lmnopt
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
After being out of Sydney for a few months I went back to this place, having enjoyed my visits previously I felt like it was a good decision, sadly I now feel a need to update my previous praise after getting one poor run, then sadly going back thinking that it was just a one off disappointment and having another

Date of Visit : Sunday 20th May and Saturday 12th May

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : none

Hours of Business : 9 until late

Rates : $60 1 hour $40 1/2 hour, $20+ Happy Ending, $20+ no clothes

Age : 20-30

Size/shape : Huge variation amount the girls, the last two I had were quite skinny

Nationality or Ethnicity : all Asian, mostly Chinese

Services Provided : Happy ending massage, Condom BJ (ish)

Value for money/recommend? : NO!

My experience/comments : 

Coming back to Sydney after some very extended travel I decided that I would go somewhere I have been a lot, no need to change it up I thought so I headed on over to sussex st for another go, I'm essentially combining two reviews into one because I went the week after my first in the hope that I had maybe one bad run, turns out I was mistaken.

The first thing I noticed when I walked up the stairs is that things were different, the first time I came the door was looked, at midday on a weekend this seemed odd so I knocked and a distinctly unattractive asian lady came out and opened the door, apparently my prayers that she was not a working girl went unanswered as she then led me to the massage room, awkwardly (read not wanting to seem like an asshole) I asked if there were any other girls working, apparently they were all busy, or at least the one word "Busy!" seemed to imply such things. So I figured she's probably just good with her hands, hopefully.

In we went to the standard dingy massage room, my concern was somewhat reduced in that I remember the first time I came here I had the exact same sort of apprehension in that it looked like shit, so I took my clothes off, paid $40 (not going an hour with this girl) and lay down. The woman who took me in promptly left, leaving me quite confused, however she returned after a few minutes and begun the massage.

There is really no nice way to say it (and I'm not really trying to be nice here) but she gave the crappiest massage I have ever received, and I hardly expect world class service when I'm at a massage parlor that offers happy endings, as terrible as it was there were some OK points, at one point she got on top of me and sat down which was honestly quite nice with her massaging while on top, however really it was to little to late I was already quite disappointed.

So half an hour had passed and it was time to roll over, as soon as she mentioned turning over I noticed something was odd, I was completely soft, her massage had been so underwhelming that I had almost completely forgotten about being horny like you wouldn't believe with my girlfriend seeing her family and I had been traveling for a while I had seen very little relief in that time, I'll admit this might be something of a skill of hers as I went from out-of-my-mind-would-fuck-anything-with-a-hole horny to limp in about 20 minutes, starting to think I shouldn't have cheaped out and should have just gone and seen a proper escort.

So I was rolled over and expecting her to lean in and ask about happy ending or what have you, I was half right, there was no subtly about the way this girl asked me if I wanted a hand job, its was a loud announcement "Hand job!?" she screeched, mistakenly I said yes, mostly thinking of you guys and how I would really need to review this shit when I got time and I would be doing a disservice to what used to be my favorite place (having since experienced others and still enjoying this one) if I didn't partake in the finale.

So she grabbed me and began stroking around waiting for me to get hard, this was honestly an effort of me, thoughts of the girlfriend and few past experiences brought me back to life and so she pulled out some oil and threw on a handful, this is not an exaggeration, she literally filled her hand and slopped it onto me, I could literally feel the oil soaking up my back, "well fuck" I thought to myself "looks like I'll have to have a shower after" and to think that I was in a bit of a rush...

So she began just jack-hammering down on me, no technique just up and down, I literally began getting softer as she did this and it was an intense struggle to try and push myself to come, finally after she switched hands a few times and we went well over the 30 minute mark (Note that she didn't kick me out until I came, which I was happy with...) I finally came a bit, the most unsatisfying of my life but still a finish none the less, so she turned around, grabbed some tissues and threw them on me and walked out, I was slightly confused because normally there is a hot towel involved but no mention this time, so I started wiping myself off, she came back a few minutes later and dropped a towel on me then left again, so I wiped myself down as much as I could, completely soaking the towel in oil. When she returned again she simply said "forty dollars!" to my absolute shock she actually wanted $40 for that shit, stupidly I paid, more stupidly I paid before asking about a shower, having already received the money when I asked about a shower a "No" was all I got, so I went home oily and greased up, practically sliding back down the hill to my car.

So Fuck, that was pretty shit, 0/5 type of thing but even a good place has a bad run occasionally so I returned a week later to have another go, my level of stupidity could not be more profound (This will be more brief)

I entered the place again, door was closed but not locked this time, there where 4 girls sitting on the couches, the ugly one I had before stood up to greet me and I quickly looked at another girl and asked if she could do the massage, she looked to be the plumpest of the lot and I'm not really a fan of skinny girls, although she was still quite skinny.

She walked me a different room, one I had never been to before (which is surprising for me) this room was even crappier than the others, which is saying something, she asked me to take my clothes of etc etc, the only thing to note is that when I lay down I felt like the table was going to collapse, it seemed like it was a portable one and I am not a light guy (Used to play a lot of rugby and do a lot of gym) but I managed to balance myself precariously and was sort of comfortable with it.

When she returned she gave me an extremely run of the mill massage, not great but not as shit as the last one either, the only strange thing was that she did some weird shit with her elbow on my shoulder blades that hurt like hell, despite my protests she insisted that it would relax me, Bullshit - it just fucking hurt, but whatever, that was over soon and she continued with a normal massage.

For the first time while I was here I could hear a conversation through the walls, which was very entertaining because it sounded like a guy was trying to hit on one of the girls, however I realized that it sounded so clear that it was likely anyone in any other room could probably hear everything, I'm not sure why but I find this quite unnerving.

On went the massage, after 20 minutes or so she asked me to turn over, leaned in and asked if I wanted "hand relief" I asked her if she did blowjobs, she looked around very skeptical and whispered "OK", very quietly, she then left the room, I was a little confused but whatever, she still said yes, she came back in and put a condom on me, a little to my disappointment but fair enough, she then began to give me the worst blowjob of my life, I could barely feel anything through the condom and when I asked her to go a little harder she decided to put some teeth in, not a good move, I asked her for no teeth and the shitty blowjob continued, 5 minutes later and I was going limp again wondering what the fuck was going on down there that could feel so much like nothing. She looked up at me and said she would finish with her hands, a fairly standard HJ ensued.

Now this was all fine, shit blowjob? not an issue, mediocre massage? expected, alright handjob? fine, get what you pay for. Except here's the kicker, she came back in after I had cleaned myself off, not wanting a shower this time, and asked for payment, when asked how much she responded "$160" $120 for the blowjob AND $40 for the handjob, I was shocked, speechless, completely flabbergasted by the audacity of this woman to ask me for money for a service she didn't complete and to overcharge me for it so much in the first place, now I'm not a cheap person, I'm definitely not short on cash most days I don't really know what to do with my excess income, but when it comes to being fucked over like this I was a bit offended, I renegotiated (poorly) and we settled on $100, so a $140 experience all up.

I'm thinking that with the total $200 I payed at this place I should have save my fucking money and gone and seen a proper escort for not much more, at least then I might be able to come properly.


Floor: #10
Post Time: 18th July 2013, 06:17 PM
Poster ID: mmmatt20
Post Title: 
 Sydney Chinatown erotic
				
Post Content: 
Establishment : 398-402 Sussex St Haymarket

Date of Visit : 20/6/13

Hours of Business : 10am-late

Rates : 35/30 mins + extra

Age : 25

Size/shape : size 8, C-cup

Nationality or Ethnicity : China 

Services Provided : nude massage, HJ

Value for money/recommend? : YES

My experience/comments : I was wandering through the CBD and Haymarket and felt the urge to explore somewhere new. Walked past a few entrances in the area but some entrances looked especially seedy. Turns out they have 3 locations but this particular one was pretty quiet on Thursday night with only 2 girls on, and one was already busy.
Followed the Chinese student into the large room with a heater, armchair and a small clothes rack to hang my jacket which was nicer than dumping all my stuff on the ground/chair.
Asked for a nude massage with HE, paid $35 plus $50 tip for 1/2 hour.
Laid down on the table and she strips off straight away, have some good chat for 10 mins (with pretty good English I must add) before I turned over and she started to go to work. She looked pretty good standing, oiled up her hands and began some really nice long strokes. She was ok with touching her tits but it had to be firm and no nipple action which made her stop and tell me no only use a strong grip. Why that was I don't really know seeing as it must happen all the time.
She got really into it, moaning, encouraging me to get off and moving from standing onto sitting on the table and lying next to me trying her best. By the time the 1/2 hours was up I hadn't managed to finish but as it was quiet she went for another 5 mins to really finish me off. Her enthusiasm was fantastic and followed by a few mins of light leg massage before leaving.

Really enjoyable time here, when she was sitting on the table you could tell she wasn't very fit at all with her stomach but she made up for it with excitement.


Floor: #11
Post Time: 19th July 2013, 12:04 AM
Poster ID: DrBob
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Regarding the tits, I think for some girls a light touch is ticklish while a firm touch is intimate/arousing. Read somewhere that some dogs get skittish when lightly patted, but feel close to their masters when patted firmly.


