Thread Title: Chinese Massage - Lvl 2, 708 George St, Sydney - 02 9212 2727
Floor: #1
Post Time: 13th September 2010, 12:10 AM
Poster ID: BadAussieBoy
Post Title: 
 Chinese Massage - Lvl 2, 708 George St, Sydney - 02 9212 2727
				
Post Content: 
Found this place in the Tele and decided to take a punt.

It is located just down from World Square. Go up to the stairs to the top level and the entrance is on your left.

Rates are 30/60/90 mins - $40/60/90.

They have several rooms which are large and reasonably clean. Believe they also have a shower (overheard another punter talking to a ML about it).

Didn't get the name of the ML who I had, she was in her mid 20's, she was reasonably tall for an asian lass, glasses, and a reasonable amount of acne. Good English, has been in Aus for about 1 year, and studies accounting at Uni, OK body with A/B cups. Looks 3/10.

Anyway, massage was pretty lame. Asked for medium and that was probably stretching it. No tackle tickle. As my hour was coming to an end asked about a HJ as I was very much in the mood for some extras. She said that the boss didn't allow them to, but then said she would go and see if one of the other ML's would!?! She came back a few minutes later and told me that the other ML was busy.

Apparently this place is owned by the same person who runs 392 Sussex which has a seperate review.

Another note - the other couple of ML's I spotted were young and very cute. But at $60 for an 1hr of a very average massage I cannot say I would go back.

Overall rating 3/10.

Cheers,

BAB


Floor: #2
Post Time: 18th October 2010, 09:45 PM
Poster ID: BadAussieBoy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Took another punt at this place the other day. Unfortunately due to the time of day (10.30pm) my options were limited, and hence why I returned even though I gave it a rating of 3/10 on my last visit.

The good news is that this rating still appears to be valid.

Bad news is I got the same ML again.

Good news is this time round she didn't hesitate to give me a HJ for $20.

Bad news is that her HJ skills are just as lame as her massage.

Bad news for other punters...I forgot again to ask her name!?!

More bad than good I'm afraid...


Floor: #3
Post Time: 19th October 2010, 10:01 PM
Poster ID: rtfan
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
0 for 2 would suggest no returning.   Thanks for post.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 4th December 2010, 06:41 PM
Poster ID: kingyo
Post Title: 
 2F 708 George St Haymarket
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Lu lu

Contact Details/Address:
2F 708 George St Haymarket

Hours of Business: (if known or applicable)
10am to 11pm

Prices: 50 for 1 hour

Age: 25

Size/shape: Slim

Nationality or Ethnicity: Thai

Services: Rnt

Value for money/recommend?: Cheap and good value
2F 708 George St Haymarket
Went here last night at 10pm. I think they close at 11pm. I have been a regular at this place and I find it cheap and quite nice for something in the city.

Last night I had lulu, a thai girl about 25ish. Slim and tall with a nice figure. Paid the 50 for the 1 hour and laid face down naked. The massage was very light being sensual more than therapeutic. Oil amount was just right and she did a complete body massage from shoulders to toes. Half way thru the massage, she signals whether I want a handjob and I asked how much. She said 20 for HJ and another 30 for fully nude. I managed to get it down to 40 for both. She smiles then takes off everything. Very nice body with very fair skin. I think she was probably from North part of Thailand. I was asked to turn around and she started to take the old fella with oiled hands and gave it a good treatment. She would occasionally rub the sack and poke the region between the sack and the hole. Felt good. Within 5 minutes I came and she cleaned me up with a warm towel. All in all quite good experience. will be back!My experience/comments:


Floor: #5
Post Time: 4th December 2010, 10:10 PM
Poster ID: Flyboy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
KingYo: so you paid $60 for one hour, but halfway through the massage she flips you over to do the handjob and five minutes later it's over? I think she got the better part of that deal, at least in terms of time!


Floor: #6
Post Time: 8th December 2011, 01:49 AM
Poster ID: flygtfalcon
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Chinese Massage Sydney
Level 2, 708 George Street, Sydney or Haymarket CBD 

This review follows on from my review of Andaman Massage
Level 1, 704 George Street, Sydney/ Haymarket

How do you get there?
If you found Andaman Massage shop, this one is a couple of doors down George St, closer to Central Station.

Again another small doorway, Head up the stairs that feel like they go on forever,  If you struggle with stairs, do not visit this shop. Like its neighbor entry is on a very busy city road (George St) so not very discrete for those of you that are worried about being spotted. 
The stairwell had a lot of signage about massage etc, maybe to keep you focused on your goal and not turn around and walk back down.

Why did you go there?
I had just walked out of the neighboring shop, it must have been obvious that I that I needed relief, there was an old man standing outside 708 with a fist full of pamphlets who motioned that he wants to talk, he said “you want massage?” I said you saw where I have just come out from so I’m sure you know I have just been massaged.  He said “OK!! OK!! But no hand job other shop! ha! ha! ha! come up my shop, special price I give you nice young girl hand job, $40 ok! make you happy ok!”  I had already just spent $35 at the neighboring shop without relief so I said I only pay $30.  He said “OK!! OK!!” and ushered me up the stairs, obviously keen for the business.  He showed me to the cubicle and asked for the money which I foolishly paid without seeing the girl first. He motioned for me to undress and said he would send me in a nice young girl. 


What was the place like?
The place was a dump, at the top of the stairs was an old curtain covering a doorway, walk through and there are cubicles on the left.  The ML’s sit in a room on the right waiting for customers.

This appeared to be a low budget PRC shop where anything would be on offer.

Can you choose the girl?
The girl was selected by the manager (the youngest he had available)

Were there other girls there?
I didn’t see any others.

What about the girl?
A very plain looking, very rounded face obese Chinese girl 35+ years old, rolls of fat all over, thick legs, larger boobs and rolls of flab which looked like 2 extra sets of boobs. She was not appealing at all and I was far from impressed.  I said I’m here to see the young girl. She said I am the young girl here, I would hate to see the other girls if this was the best looking.

She was full clothed and wore very tight shorts and top.

What was her name?
I was shocked and I didn’t ask. 

What days does she work?
I hope to never see her again.

What was provided?
1/2 hour extremely vigorous 100 mph pumping of my tool.
A very poor HJ, I kept asking her to slow down.  She was very angry that I wouldn’t shoot. “hurry, hurry, quick quick, don’t touch, don’t look DON’t don’t don’t!!! you only pay $30 blah blah! blah!”
With stimulus like this how could I, at the ½ hour I insisted she stop and please use long slow strokes.  I shut my eyes and imagined the young hottie next door.  It did the trick, I cleaned my self up with the tissues, on with my clothes and I was out the door in record time never to return.

Quality?
Very poor HJ.  No idea how to do it, leaving you numb from the vigorous action.  

Price?
HJ only $30 

Any extras available?
who knows, I for one will not be asking for any 

Would you go back?
Definitely not

I hope my fellow punters find this information useful.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 9th December 2011, 12:08 AM
Poster ID: roflevo
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
sorry but ur description made me laugh. dw i've done same thing b4 and close eyes rely on imagination!


Floor: #8
Post Time: 30th October 2012, 09:08 PM
Poster ID: jock2u
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Had never been here before  so in the area and gave it a go  and was pleasantly surprised to see Mimi  ex 518 kent st
Looks like she has changed location so for those who were under her spell  then give this place as go.  i enjoyed  a good session in a hot dark  and steamy room, so  may not be an option if you want to go back to the office red in the face and sweaty.


Floor: #9
Post Time: 22nd August 2013, 06:46 PM
Poster ID: antares01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Names : Nicole and Susan

Establishment :"City chinese massage therapy centre" (spelling and case as per supplied business card)

Date of Visit : 21 August 2013

Contact Details/Address: 02 9212 2727, 0435 414 282, 0450 585 338 (off the supplied business card)  /Level 2, 708 George Street, SYDNEY 

Hours of Business : From 10:00AM till late

Rates : 40/half hr + 20 HJ X 2 for 4 hands

Age : early 20s

Size/shape : slim 8 C cup I reckon

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian

Services Provided : 4 hands RnT

Value for money/recommend? : YMMV, I won't be back.

My experience/comments : Yes, as previously reported, this place in my view is a bit of a dump.  You have to climb what appears to be a never ending stair climb following a never ending string of paper signs with "massage" and an arrow on them pointing ever upwards.  The higher you get the doggier it feels.  Dirty, tired and rough in summary, and this is before you even get through the door 

Ring the little brass bell on the door and Nicole lets me in ans asks if I want a massage.  Given that I have just passed about 30 massage signs, this question seemed a complete waste of breath, both hers and mine.  Maybe it was the look on my face but she immediately upped the ante and before I could answer asked if I would like 2 girls .  At this stage I thought I had better slow down the proceedings a little and asked how much for 30 min.  The answer was 40+20 X 2 for 2 girls RnT or 40+50 X 2 2 girls nude RnT. Once I had got my breath back from the mountaineering exercise to get there, I managed some mental arithmetic and expressed dismay at the price but Nicole wouldn't budge for me.  I could see a couple of other young attractive girls in their kitchen area so thought I would risk $120 just for the experience.  Silly me 

Nicole showed me into a small dimly lit room with a massage table and told me to get undressed back soon.  Sheet and towel on table appeared to be clean and unused, one good point.  As we will see later there was a reason for this.

Nicole came back with Susan and they could have been sisters. quite attractive about size 8 C cup.  This was guessed through light clothing and I wasn't about to pay an extra $60 this time around to find out more.  The girls then started to give me a reasonably sensual massage on my back and legs.  After about 5 min they started to start pouring on additional oil and next I felt I was swimming in oil   I spent some of the remaining massage time speculating on how they were intending to clean all this oil up to allow me to get dressed.  Apart from the oil the massage was quite good.

After the flip, massage continued  on chest and legs with another bucket of oil and the 4 hand tug was excellent.

Now at this point I am lying on the table face up with the sheet and towel adhering to the entire back of my body with a thick layer of oil, fragrance free fortunately.  One of the girls then said she would go and get a hot towel.  Good idea I think, and it had better be a large beach towel at that.  Well folks she (I think it was Nicole) comes back with a smaller size hand towel, gives me a cursory wipe and indicated it is time to get dressed.  A this stage, I sat up, tried to peel the sheet and towel off my back and suggested in simple English that I wasn't going anywhere  until she, Nicole, had activated their oil spill dispersion procedures and cleaned me up properly.  Many wet towels later, while still oily, I could at least get dressed and leave.  

When I got off the table, there was an almost complete oil imprint of my body on the table.  I can see why the sheet and towel on the table were clean, no way could they be reused for the next punter

Lucky I was able to go to work and have a long hot shower before going home.  I still feel oily 24 hrs later 

The girls were nice, the massage was good but the combination of premises and oil application means I won't be back.


Floor: #10
Post Time: 22nd August 2013, 07:56 PM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by antares01


Person's Names : Nicole and Susan

Establishment :"City chinese massage therapy centre" (spelling and case as per supplied business card)
.
.
After the flip, massage continued  on chest and legs with another bucket of oil and the 4 hand tug was excellent ..
"""



Excellent review Antares. Glad you got out of there without being lynched by the Greens.


Floor: #11
Post Time: 27th August 2013, 11:37 AM
Poster ID: LUNGOR
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks for sharing brother,

I don't mind Oil if they are put to good use like a sensual full body to body with lots of tits slide and spanish and all that - and most importantly there is a hot shower afterwards, otherwise, better stay away.

4 hands HJ !! I got that throw in for free all the times so not a good enough reason to visit.

Cheers


Floor: #12
Post Time: 26th October 2013, 09:11 PM
Poster ID: Natry
Post Title: 
 Abella - Massage Therapy Z
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : abella


Establishment : massage Therapy Z

Date of Visit : 20/10/2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 708 George St, Haymarket NSW 2000 (no website)

Hours of Business : 10am till 11pm 

Rates : $40 - 30 mins plus extras for RNT or Naked 

Age : 24

Size/shape : tall 5'6 slim 

Nationality or Ethnicity : chinese 

Services Provided : naked rnt 

Value for money/recommend? : ok not VFM 

My experience/comments : The establishment is not that clean, It is hit and miss with the girls as to what they do as there is no standard offer some do rnt, some to B2B and even CBJ but others do nothing 


I used to go here initially when I started about 2 months ago and went here on a whim just to see if I was wrong in my assesment plus I had been with Abella before and I like her out of all of the girls 


She is fun and nice big tits unlike the thai girls who seem to small sized 


Her butt is nice and round and she is fairly light skinned and speaks better english than alot of the others there 


Her massage technique is really good and the RNT is enjoyable but the overall cost of added 50- plus the environemnt is the reason I now go to Willoughby 


Again if you are stuck in the city I would probably go to Central station rather than here


Floor: #13
Post Time: 7th August 2014, 10:37 PM
Poster ID: tiny1234
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Not really a review but a warning to avoid at all costs.

I went to this place and was met at the door by a guy ive seen touting outside.

I asked and he confirmed that the massage is done by a female.

I paid he said wait here  send the girl for you.

I got on the table. 
I heard somebody come in.

and then his voice said put your hands by your sides.

I said, I asked for female. 

he said yes yes theyre coming.
n just started what appeared to be a standard massage.
it appeared he was filling in until a girl became free and that was his story.

I was stuck between just getting up and walking demanding my money back, and thinking that would be an over reaction for a few minutes filling in.

but time was dragging on and it quickly became 10 min, and I was frequently repeating, " I said female"
and he was repeating theyre coming.

In this 10 min the massage did start to get sensual. no touching tackle etc. but when in a chinese massage the go from you neck down your back and over your arse cheeks, he did that.

It was severely a stressful and  uncomfortable experience.
at that point I started getting up to leave
and he quickly said ok, girl is here.

I felt so relieved I stayed.
I wish I hadn't, 
not coz of her, but coz of what went on before.

this guy was obviously trying his luck.
whatever that might mean to him.
someone more aggressive would probably have got up and belted him, but im not that aggressive type.

Hopefully my writing stops others from repeating my mistake.


Floor: #14
Post Time: 8th August 2014, 11:09 AM
Poster ID: ozboy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
thanks for the warning Tiny


Floor: #15
Post Time: 10th August 2014, 11:02 PM
Poster ID: angry
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Had same experience with the guy last year he actually tried to do the reach around. I had to insist on girl. Plus he is always downstairs on George. This place is one of worst old Chinese places like the Sussex st great natural one. I will never return


Thread Title: Chinese Massage - Lvl 2, 708 George St, Sydney - 02 9212 2727
Floor: #16
Post Time: 16th July 2015, 11:10 PM
Poster ID: Blued
Post Title: 
 Lucky dip 4 hands Thai
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jessie and Cici
Establishment : City chinese massage therapy centre (Massage Therapy Z)
Date of Visit : June 2015
Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Lvl 2, 708 George St, Haymarket. 02 9212 2727
Hours of Business : 10am - 11pm
Rates : $120 for 60 minutes 4 hands, plus 2x$20 for HE, or 2x$50 nude
Age : Jessie 30s, Cici 20s
Size/shape : Jessie 5'4, B cup. Cici 5'6", A cup. 
Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai
Services Provided : massage plus nude HJ
Value for money/recommend? : yes, but wouldn't recommend - too dodgy 

I never planned to have a massage here. I intended to go somewhere else but it ended up being after 10pm and plans had to change. I was at the Haymarket end of George St and it was still open...

A guy (probably the dodgy bloke mentioned above) met me at the door and headed me upstairs. The stairwell is full of confusing signs about massage, there's massage on the first floor too (not open at this time of night), but it's the second floor that you want.

The shop seemed like a run down rabbit warren, but he showed me into a reasonable room and started the sales pitch.

Obviously it was late and they weren't busy. He offered me two girls for $120. I'm sure you could do better but I was in no condition to haggle, and compared to what I'd pay in Canberra it was a bargain. So sure, why not, I said yes.

He left, I stripped off, and got comfortable on the table. Shortly I was joined by two Thai ladies in clingy tube dresses. One, Jessie, was in her thirties, pretty, perhaps a B cup, with quite good English and a little more outgoing. The other, Cici, was in her twenties, slimmer, A cup, not quite as pretty, quieter and did what she was told.

They delivered a perfectly reasonable and entertaining massage. Lots of near misses and accidental touches but no overt handling of the tackle. But it was building well, and it's hard not to like four hands roaming the back of your body.

After the flip, Jessie asked if I wanted something extra. Of course, I said, indicating my firm erection. She smiled. $20 each for a happy ending, she said, or... $50 each and we'll both get naked.

Now that was an interesting offer, but I hadn't planned on four hands, and I only had $80 left on me. Time to negotiate after all. Only have $80, I said. Hmmm, she said and some Thai conversation was exchanged between them. Yes, ok!

Told you it was late and not busy. They both quickly disrobed to reveal nice bodies. Jessie was a cutie, but Cicii had puffier nipples - I'd happily have either of them naked again for massage or more.

The handjob was good, Jessie on cock, Cici on balls and both rubbing my nipples with their spare hand. I got a bit of a feel of their bodies, but with all the stimulation the end came quite quickly. They were all smiles at the force of the result they produced, and kept smiling while they wiped me down.

They encouraged me to come back again but I doubt I will. The place was pretty much a dive and I didn't appreciate Mr Dodgy trying to hit me up for an extra tip as I left.


