Floor: #1
Post Time: 5th December 2017, 12:25 AM
Poster ID: antares01
Post Title: 
 Chinese Massage Centre L2/793 George St Haymarket (02) 9282 9623
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Megan

Establishment : Chinese Massage Centre

Date of Visit : December 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : (02) 9282 9623 / L2/793 George St Haymarket / unable to find web link

Hours of Business : 10an till late

Rates : Standard $60/hr plus extras

Age : 20's

Size/shape : Very Plump size 8 (guessing here) D cup, trimmed

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Nude RnT + Body slide

Value for money/recommend? : Maybe 

My experience/comments : Couldn't find any reviews on this place.  If there is already a thread, my apologies in advance to the mods.

On the corner of George and Quay streets. Usual signage on the 2nd floor windows, take the Tattoo shop entrance and go up to second floor.  Dropped in on spec, up the stairs, door is locked and you have to press the buzzer to be let in.  Place is a bit of a dump, the girls obviously camp there. Food/clothes all over the place + strong cooking smells . Standard pricing of $1/minute for the massage.  Megan took me through to one of the massage rooms, unlike reception area, this was clean and tidy with a clean disposable cover on the table.  Megan left me to get undressed and returned once I was on the table.  I inquired re extras - standard $20 HJ or $50 nude + body slide + HJ.  Despite Megan being on the plump side I took the $50 option.  

Now Megan is a solid girl and she really puts her weight into her massage.  Actually t was really quite good, very firm without being painful, quite therapeutic really.  Megan did my entire back and legs without any erotic or even sensual component and I was starting to think this might be a dud when at about the 20 min mark she changed gears, slowed up and included some moderate TT - not particularly adventurous but better than nothing.  Megan then removed her kit and gave me a bit of a body slide, given her plump stature, I have to say her body slide on my back was pretty good.

Megan got me to flip over and cranked up the front body slide - somewhat of a GFE experience with lots of cuddling, kissing and Spanish which, given her D cups was excellent . After about 15-20 minutes of the above GFE Megan gave me a reasonable HJ to completion.  Usual clean up with tissues followed by wet towel.  I got Megan to give me a card with her name and days she works (Sun and Mon), this card gives the name of the shop which I couldn't see anywhere on their shop front signage. After I got dressed, lots of cuddles and kisses from Megan and out the door on the 60 min mark.  BTW Megan tells me she loves being massaged.

Summary:
Place is a bit of a grubby dump to the point where I won't return.
Which is a shame because Megan would be worth a return visit.
The shop business card claims to offer relaxing massage and acupuncture - given the cleanliness state of reception there is no way I would consider undergoing acupuncture in this place - ever
As always YMMV


Floor: #2
Post Time: 11th April 2019, 06:16 PM
Poster ID: antares01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Christina

Establishment : Chinese Massage Centre

Date of Visit : April 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : (02) 9282 9623 / L2/793 George St Haymarket / unable to find web link

Hours of Business : 10am till late

Rates : Standard $60/hr plus extras

Age : 30's

Size/shape : Slim size 8 (guessing here) B-C cup, untrimmed

Nationality or Ethnicity : Taiwanese

Services Provided : Nude RnT + CBJ

Value for money/recommend? : Maybe

My experience/comments : 

Decided to check on this place again, dropped in on spec, up the stairs, door is locked and you have to press the buzzer to be let in. Place has been cleaned up a bit since last visit which is good. Christina let me in, "you want massage?". Unchanged standard pricing of $1/minute for the massage. Christina took me through to a different room to last time.  Fairly small but clean with fresh full size disposable cover on table. Christina left me to get undressed but returned quite quickly before I had removed my trousers

I inquired re extras - $50 nude HJ or $80 nude CBJ. I took the $80 option and I am glad I did as the CBJ was the best part of the experience.

Christina started off with a dry kneading massage on my back and legs that became somewhat repetitive and boring.  After a while she added some oil for a smooth back massage.  However, other than occasionally resting her hand on my bum, there was not erotic component for about 30 min.  At about the 30min point where I was starting to think this might be a complete waste of time, after wiping my back with a hot and wet towel, Christina gave me some reach through TT, albeit for only a few minutes.  

Christina got me to flip over on the 40 min mark and removed her clothes - interestingly all she was wearing to start with was a matching set of red panties and top.  Clothes off Christina had a pretty good body, slim with a bush.  We went straight into a HJ without any front massage then after a bit, Christina produced a condom, rolled it on and surprise, surprise, started a very nice CBJ.  No teeth, good eye contact, plenty of variation, bit of DT and good tongue action.  Also she kept me in her mouth while I was coming.

Cleanup with wipes get dressed and out the door on the 55 min mark.

Summary:
Place has improved but nothing special.
Christina's massage was average at best, however saved by an excellent CBJ.
WIR?  Perhaps in another 18 months.


