Thread Title: Daisy Massage - Lvl 2 806 George St, Sydney - 0413 915 663
Floor: #1
Post Time: 24th November 2014, 10:27 AM
Poster ID: GT101
Post Title: 
 Daisy Massage - Lvl 2 806 George St, Sydney - 0413 915 663
				
Post Content: 
REVIEW 2

Person's Name: ??? Not sure, but she was from Burma (a petite dark skinned girl)

Establishment: Daisy Massage - Lvl 2, 806 George Street

Date of Visit: 21 November 2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: 0413 915 663, cbd806.xmassage.com.au

Hours of Business: 10am-8pm (I think)

Rates:$60 for 1 hour massage + $50 for nude HJ

Age: Mid 20's

Nationality or Ethnicity: Burmese

Services Provided: Massage, Nude HJ

Value for money/recommend?: No

My experience/comments:

Went back to Daisy Massage to see how consistent (or inconsistent) the service is.  Went back up the stairs but this time there was no receptionist in sight (despite the bell to announce me).  I called out but still no answer.  I went back out and came back to active the bell again and called out before a receptionist came out.  She seemed a bit uninterested, but I agreed to stay for an hour.

In walked a fairly petite girl with dark skin, I missed her name, but she said she was from Burma.  I got undressed and ready for the massage.  Her massage technique was fine. A bit different from others as she starts with the legs and buttocks (rather than the usual arms and back).  The massage was more rubbing of oil around (but still enjoyable).  She also did a lot more work around the groin area too which was nice. 

Massage then moved to the back and arms before turing over for a front massage.  All this time I was still naked with my member fully exposed but she continued with a front massage.  I was eventually asked if I wanted a hand job and I agreed to a nude HJ for $50.  She got undressed to reveal a nice set of small breasts.

I tried to play with her breasts whilst she gave me a HJ, but she kept moving away and moving her arms restricting the ability to play.  The HJ was not really doing it for me as she was really just pumping her hand up and down with out any change of technique.  This went on for a few minutes (and I was not close to cumming) when she abruptly said that she was too hot and could not continue and stopped.  That was it.  No happy ending to completion.

I gave her the agreed $50, but was thinking whether I should have withheld some for not completing the job.  I git dress and left.

Not a great experience really.  I don’t think I will be returning to Daisy Massage for a third attempt as there are lots of good massage places around.

Rating: 5/10


Floor: #2
Post Time: 24th November 2014, 10:27 AM
Poster ID: GT101
Post Title: 
 Daisy Massage - Lvl 2 806 George St, Sydney - 0413 915 663
				
Post Content: 
I saw that a new place had opened up and so thought I would go and visit and post a review.

I visited on 2 separate occasions and wanted to see how both experiences went before posting a review.  So there are 2 reviews here.


REVIEW 1


Person's Name: Swittie

Establishment: Daisy Massage - Lvl 2, 806 George Street

Date of Visit: 7 November 2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: 0413 915 663, cbd806.xmassage.com.au

Hours of Business: 10am-8pm (I think)

Rates:$60 for 1 hour massage + extras for nude HJ (more in review)

Age: Late 20's

Nationality or Ethnicity: Chinese?

Services Provided: Massage, Nude HJ

Value for money/recommend?: OK

My experience/comments:

The place is pretty easy to find and is right next to another massage place (not sure if that place is a legitimate massage or not).  Went up the flight of stairs past the accounting firm and entered into a very spacious waiting area.  The receptionist was very pretty and was led into a very large room (no mirrors though).  I paid $60 for an hour massage and got undressed.  In walked Swittie (who was quite attractive with large breasts).  I was given a glass of water and then lay down for the massage.  The massage itself was very enjoyable.  Nice and relaxing with lots of the 'accidental' grazes and touches in the groin area.  The touches got a bit less accidental as the massage went on before Swittie actually grabbed my cock for a few quick tugs.

I was asked if I wanted more and I agreed.  She asked how much would I pay her for a nude HJ? I offered the standard $50, but she countered with how about you tip me some more and I will give you a body to body massage? I agreed, but we had not agreed on what the extra tip would be.  Swittie then asked for the $50 up front.  I thought this was a bit unusual as most places I have been to have been happy to receive the tip at the end of the session.  Anyway, hopped off the table and gave her the $50 (which killed the moment a bit).  Swittie then gave a brief body to body massage (which was really just rubbing her tits over my back and chest) before providing an enjoyable hand job to finish.  I tipped Swittie an extra $20 for the bodyside.  So all up it was $130 ($60 massage + $50 nude HJ + $20 body slide).  

Overall it was an enjoyable session, and I would return to see Swittie (but thought the bodyside should have probably been included).

Rating: 7/10


Floor: #3
Post Time: 24th November 2014, 10:44 AM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Good discovery GT101.

Daisy Massage have a few ads.

Here's one of them, Young pretty uni students, Phone: 0413 915 663 - melbourne body rubs - backpage.com





			
				Our young pretty uni students under 25years old and most are from China, Japan, Korea and Thailand. They are friendly, gentle and have wonderful skills to offer you the best massage and most relaxing time.

We are open 7days a week , 10am-12am every day. 3-4 girls each day.

Phone:0413 915 663 Address: Level 2/806 Geroge St Sydney NSW

cbd806.xmassage.com.au

Poster's age: 20
• Location: Sydney, Sydney CBD

• Post ID: 5376981 melbourne

• Other ads by this user: ....


Floor: #4
Post Time: 19th February 2015, 09:56 PM
Poster ID: antares01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Minnie

Establishment : Daisy Massage

Date of Visit : 17 Feb 2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0413 915 663, L2 806 George St Sydney cbd806.xmassage.com.au

Hours of Business :  10am till 1am

Rates : $60 + 50 for 1 hr Nude RnT

Age : 20s

Size/shape : Plump, D, shaved

Nationality or Ethnicity : Taiwan

Services Provided : RnT Nude

Value for money/recommend? : Not really

My experience/comments : Thought I would add to the intel on this place as only a coupe of reviews so far.  First up the place is huge with perhaps 6 very large massage rooms, quite nicely fitted out.  No sign of showers though.  Only 2 girls behind the counter in reception and no sign of any other punters.  

Walked in without a booking, up a couple of flights of stairs and into large reception area, 2 girls behind counter.  Plumper girl asks "you want massage?" and takes me into one of the rooms.  I reckon the room was about 7X5 metres with 3+ metre ceiling height.  We agree on time and $ incl nude Hj for standard Sydney pricing.  I ask to use the toilet so get to walk right through the place.  All the massage room doors were open - at least 6 rooms, all looked as large as the first one and no one around other than myself and the 2 girls ........... bit spooky really .  During the massage I asked Minnie about the lack of punters and she told me they were very quiet.  

Clothes off and onto the table.  Minnie comes back and starts starts off by pulling my legs wide apart so my feet are at the edges of the wide table .......... looking promising ........ well folks it was all down hill from here.  Minnie now commences a pretty ordinary massage.  Straight, medium weight, boring,  repetitive massage with zero therapeutic, sensual or erotic content.  This back and leg massage went on for ............. wait for it ............ 45 sodding minutes  

Eventually Minnie asks me to turn over (I can now see the clock in the room and noted the elapsed time to this point) and removes her clothes.  Short, plump, D cup and shaved.  Cute and cuddly really.  Well, no point in attempting a front massage when you can can go straight for the HJ ................ Sheesh this girl has absolutely no idea  .  

Surprisingly, when considered in isolation, Minnie's HJ was actually quite good and it is a real shame she hasn't had some decent training so that the rest of the experience might at least go part way to match.  Usual cleanup with a small wet towel and tissues and I left in a somewhat oily state.  The oil had quite a distinctive odour as well.

In summary, might be OK for a 15min quickie. However, WRT the 1hr RnT market; good premises, standard pricing but service not up to the mark.

WIR?  No I don't see much point in going back for a double check.  Much better value elsewhere in the CBD.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 22nd February 2015, 10:36 AM
Poster ID: LUNGOR
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I only have one question:

Are the D Cups good for a Spanish tits fucking session in its own ?

May be just a 30 min and tits playing only ?


Floor: #6
Post Time: 22nd February 2015, 03:23 PM
Poster ID: antares01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by LUNGOR


I only have one question:

Are the D Cups good for a Spanish tits fucking session in its own ?

May be just a 30 min and tits playing only 
"""



Sorry Lungor, I didn't ask if spanish was on the cards.  If it was, then they would be


Floor: #7
Post Time: 22nd February 2015, 07:59 PM
Poster ID: Mr Crash and Burn
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Stick to Theresa's shop antares01


Floor: #8
Post Time: 15th January 2016, 12:25 PM
Poster ID: Jordansigley
Post Title: 
 Daisy Massage L2/806 George Street, Haymarket 0413 915 663
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Cici

Establishment : Daisy Massage

Date of Visit : 12/01/2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : L2 806 George Street, Haymarket

Hours of Business : 10AM to 2AM 7 Days

Rates : $60/30min B2B inclusive

Age : Early 20's

Size/shape : Size 6, a bit of belly, C-D cup

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Nude 

Value for money/recommend? : Pretty average, nothing special. WIR? No.

My experience/comments :

Had some time to kill in the city area, so i've been to Enjoy Massage at surry hills (the one at Brumpy st).
Only one Thai lady and a shocker chinese lady. Left and did a search on back page/cracker to see what was available in the area.
316 was on the card until I saw how discreet the entrance was. It was 5:30pm, and the stairs to upstairs was RIGHT NEXT TO the very busy bus stop.
Then with a massage flag hanging at the entrance, which was used to let everybody waiting for the bus know that you are going up for a massage.

Although their roster had a few potentials that I would have liked, but no way was I walking up in front of all those people.
Then little did I know, i saw an ad from 12 bellevue surry hills. Walked all the way there, only to get greeted by an out of shape hippo in her 50s.
I asked about the line up and if other ladies were available, which she replied "only me". Clearly I saw another lady sitting on the sofa behind her but she might've had a booking, whatever that might be won't get me settled on her and so i thanked and walked.

Really wasn't keen on walking to town hall side although i know Cici from 12 thomas Chatswood opened up a new shop there.
Browsed through back page again, saw this place at 806 geroge called Daisy massage to have good value $60/30min B2B.
At this time, i was up for whatever i needed to do there in the city, but hay can't concentrate with a balls full.

So walked all the way from 12 bellevue to 806 geroge, on a hot day too. By the time i made it up the many stairs i was sweating as fuck.
Met a Thai guy at the reception, and i saw an old lady there too (who worked at the Chatswood Pinkberry massage). Greeted her hello she still remembered me!
I was then shown 2 ladies, one supposedly Thai and Chinese mix in her early 30s can't remember her name, another Thai lady in her early 20s named Cici.
I picked Cici the young one obviously, and i heard Cici yelling outside i wondered wat the fuck was going on.
Turned out she was due to finish and i had her stay back lol.
She stripped naked straight away, tanned skin, natural? C to D cup, dark dark brown nipples.
She gave a fantastic and relaxing massage for my liking, I can't take hard massages but she was soft and all, i felt asleep lol.
Life must be tough these days, i keep on falling asleep in my RNT sessions lol.
On a hot day, inside the room, no zircon (i asked not to have it on), we were both sweating.
Finally was asked to flip over, she rubbed some excessive oil on my cock, then i asked for a foot job and she declined!!
I cannot believe i got rejected by a Thai lady, don't get me wrong, because Thai ladies are usually very accommodating and gives very good service.
Must be her young age, oh well cant get best of both worlds.

I asked her to lie down next to me whilst she was stroking me, and i was just playing with her boobs, i could feel her sweating LOL.
and i lasted quite a while as a plain HJ isn't quite sufficient to get me over the line.
Then i eventually blew all over her hand and body.
Got dressed and left. All for $60, not bad value for a nude RNT right?
Although i kinda knew it was a Thai joint, no way they are doing young Chiense MLs for $60 nude.


Floor: #9
Post Time: 15th January 2016, 02:54 PM
Poster ID: antares01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hi Mods,  Thread already exists for this shop abut 4 pages back

https://auxxxreviews.com/forum/f57/d...5-663-a-30652/


Floor: #10
Post Time: 16th January 2016, 07:31 AM
Poster ID: nextlif
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thank you...Threads merged.


Floor: #11
Post Time: 15th September 2016, 11:28 AM
Poster ID: Iva Biggun
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Nadia

Establishment : Daisy

Date of Visit : August 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : L2 806 George Street, Haymarket

Hours of Business : Open late (I visited around midnight)


Rates : $60 half hour nude r'n't

Age : early 20's

Size/shape : Small, waif-like

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Nude, body slide, tug.

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : Paid this one a visit on a Sydney trip back in August. Have tried a few along George St now and love how many late night options are available around here.

Papasan showed me into a large room with a table in the middle, some mirrors on the side, a chair, not much else. Nadia was a tiny little thing. Checked I'd been there before and I gave an affirmative answer. She was straight out of the clothes. No boobs to speak off. Shaved puss with bit of a 3 day growth. She threw herself into the body slide. Surprised we could both stay on the table with oil going everywhere. As things het up the question of FS came up. She was up for it but would have to leave the room and get a condom. So I decided against that as at my age you can't really break the mood. Once things are up, if they go back down again, they might not come back up again (if you get the drift). So she rode me anyway, simulating sex with the old boy rubbing against her butt until I shot.

It was an enjoyable and energetic session with an enthusiastic young girl.


Floor: #12
Post Time: 23rd September 2016, 12:23 AM
Poster ID: foolishmortal
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Mimi 

Establishment : Daisy Massage

Date of Visit : 22-9-16

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : L2 806 George Street, Haymarket

Hours of Business : 10 am - 2 am


Rates : $60 half hour nude RNT

Age : 20's

Size/shape : size 10 , slim and average figure

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : nude RNT, B2B, HE

Value for money/recommend? : no

My experience/comments : 
I found myself in Sydney once again for some sightseeing and to sample the naughty delights on offer. Having just touched down, I wanted some release but it was late. I ended up at Daisy Massage because I was too lazy to walk to Bellevue. I should've gone to Bellevue. Up the stairs, paid the papasan and inside the large room where I met Mimi. She's young with a decent figure and nice sized b-cups but english was shallow so we couldn't communicate. Alas, this was one of those sessions where ML is young and hot but could not massage to save her life. Not much pressure or technique and also not much skill in the tease department. The B2B was ok but a tad mechanical and lacking in spunk. I did like it when Mimi mounted my leg and was grinding her pussy and I wish the session was more like that. No extra's was offered but seeing her nakedness was enough to get me off. The pricing of this place wasn't too shabby and it included nude which is something you can't get in the QLD. Not the worst punt for me but it was mediocre. I can't recommend this Mimi but might be back to try someone else.



Sent from my iPad using Tapatalk


Floor: #13
Post Time: 9th November 2016, 09:04 PM
Poster ID: BeachedWhale
Post Title: 
 Daisy Massage - Haymarket NSW - 02 8540 4043
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Apple (?)

 Establishment : Daisy Massage 

Date of Visit : Late August 2016

 Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 2/806 George St, Haymarket NSW Phone: 02 8540 4043

 Hours of Business : 10am(?) to 2am

 Rates : $120 an hour for B2B

 Age : Looked late 20s

 Size/shape : B+ cup, slim

 Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

 Services Provided : HE, B2B, BJ

 Value for money/recommend? : Yes

Went to this establishment and saw a slim Thai girl. Very pretty and fit looking.

She took me into a room and asked me to take off everything. Then she took off her clothes as well, revealing a very sexy body.

She gave me a nice soft massage for the first 20 minutes, followed by B2B. The B2B was quite sensual so I asked her if she offered other extras and she mentioned BJ, which I accepted and paid additional amount for. She then gave a very nice BJ - very patient in the process. She seemed very experienced about the whole thing.

Will go again.


Floor: #14
Post Time: 16th August 2017, 03:46 PM
Poster ID: Aurelius
Post Title: 
 Daisy Massage CBD, 0413 915 663
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Candy

Establishment : Daisy Massage

Date of Visit : 19th July

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :cbd806.xmassage.com.au

Hours of Business : 10am to 12am

Rates : $35 for half an hour + $50 extras

Age : late 20s

Size/shape : Slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian

Services Provided : Body massage+HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes/Maybe

My experience/comments :
Was out with the lads for a couple of beers, felt the itch to get out earlier and try out a new place. I was in the vicinity when we crossed this place and decided to search for it online and make a booking. Called up and mamasan said that I could book a 30min session. Booked and decided to head out for a massage or maybe more before heading back home. 
Walked in and was greeted by the mamasan who introduced me to candy. She has an amazing body type.. Really fit and an amazing smile. Decided to go in for 30 minutes as I booking for a one hour session at a new place could be quite the disappointment at times. Was led into the room and asked to change and lie down. Candy disappeared for about 5 minutes and returned by the time I was on the table face down. 
She started off by asking which type of massage I wanted.. To which I told her a firm massage. Started off with the back and then the legs. The towel covered my bums all this time. A bit of tickle tackle started as she moved to the legs. 
She removed the towel now and asked to turn over. The tickle tackle was enough to get me hard. Turned over to look at her perfect figure which was  amazing. She asked me what extras I was looking for seeing me rock hard. Started a giggle and told me that nude HJ was available. I went for it coz I just wanted to look at the amazing rack properly. Touching was allowed. She disrobed completely from on top but left her undies on at the bottom. She told me that I could touch her from the outside. She got some warm oil and poured it over junior and then took me in her hand. Her hand was surprisingly quite small when she held me. Started of slowly with her hands slipping slowly up and down. 
I took one of her amazing naturals and started to suck. And wow they were amazing. Flicked her nippies to excite her a bit while rubbing on the outside of the flower printed underpants. She didn't mind me stroking her clit from the outside a bit harder as she got turned on. I knew I was going to go long coz I had a couple of beers down before the session. She changed her hand to make proper strokes on the junior while I kept on with her. She came closer a bit now and I could see that there was no stopping me getting her more excited. Pulled the panties to the side and started stroking the shaved muff. That muff was amazing. 
Not long after I exploded on her hand and landed some on my stomach as well. She got the wet wipes to clean me up properly. She had the perfect everything and I was empty by now. Asked her whether there was a possibility of something more which she declined at that point. I haven't visited her since but I guess she would offer more for regulars. Overall a good experience.


