Thread Title: E-Studio - 360 Pitt St, Sydney - 02 9267 1111
Floor: #1
Post Time: 10th May 2010, 11:02 PM
Poster ID: unclespanky
Post Title: 
 E-Studio - 360 Pitt St, Sydney - 02 9267 1111
				
Post Content: 
Towards the end of a bucks night, I was drawn in to Chicago on the way back to my hotel.  The whole experience was a little weird as I was more accustomed to the discreet anglo styled places.  I actually hadn't expected it to be a RnT, but when it was offered I took it up.  If I recall correctly, prices started around $80 for an hour (normal massage) then escalated.  They had the full spa/sauna/massage lounge set up which you could also use freely before/after the service.   I'm not sure if full service or anything else was on offer, but I'm guessing it might be.

So, I ended up getting changed in the locker room, was lead through to a private room and was introduced to a sweet little asian masseuse who would have been in her late 20s.  Her English was pretty limited so there wasn't much chat.  From a normal massage point of view, the service was quite good (I've paid more for worse with no happy ending), but not exactly sensual until the last 5 minutes, whereas an ESP or Bodyrotic massage would have you on edge the entire time (whilst still being effective as a remedial massage!)  

Value for money/recommend ? I think it was reasonable value for money, and it was certainly convenient at that point of the night.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 13th November 2010, 12:04 AM
Poster ID: wotif
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Providence led me to Chicago. I had been to Chinatown for lunch and was admiring all the Chinese hotties and got horny. Walking back I suddenly had a need to go to the loo. So I stopped at a pub and did my business. On the way out I stuck $10 in a pokie. Not something I do often. Well I won $100. So my friends, how to spend my ill gotten gains? I think you already know the answer.

I was close to Sussex St and saw this dodgy massage place opposite Labor branch - (no 605?) upstairs. Looked pretty dodgy so moved on. Then Chequers entrance was in the middle of a crowded bar so didn't want to appear obvious. Wandered past Chicago in Pitt St which advertises men and women so wasn't sure if legit or not.

Chose the $181 deal for an hour and the receptionist explained happy ending no extra costs. Bit exy on reflection but it was OK. Led by a very nice guy to locker room and showers. I went into spa where I was the only one. It could easily take 20 people. I did have a little fantasy of how wonderful it would be to be in there with a bunch of guys and naked Asian babes jumping around showing us their gorgeous titties. But I was alone in there. Then led to a lounge where the guy introduced me to my lady.

The lady was dark skinned. Probably Thai I'd say at a guess. Bit plump but still pretty and under 30. English good and very friendly. What followed was a good firm massage with tackle tickle. Also nice nipple body slide well executed. Flip over and light massage with lots of rubbing on groin sliding across my cock which made me very hard. Coup de grace was the reverse squat over my face. No pussy touching invited and I guess would have been rejected. But the sight of it and her technique got me well and truly over the line. Lady then scrubbed me down in the shower.

All up I'd say 7/10. Not as good as Chatswood Oriana for massage or RnT but I was happy when I left.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 11th February 2011, 01:58 AM
Poster ID: angry
Post Title: 
 Chicago Massage Syd cbd - AWFUL
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: I've supressed it due to the trauma but you would recognise her in a line up - she's very large

Establishment (if applicable): Chicago

Contact Details/Address: 360 Pitt St Sydney

Hours of Business: (if known or applicable) Til 4am daily

Prices: $185 "king" service 1 hr, $130 (?) standard 1hr. Think the difference is whether the girl strips.

Age: 20s, hard to say.

Size/shape: Extremely overweight, very large breasts

Nationality or Ethnicity: Chinese

Services: Massage, R&T

Value for money/recommend?: Ripped off with the time, and a terrible experience.

My experience/comments: I turned up late at night - 3am or so. Got so called "king service". I seemed to be the only person there and got no choice of girl. The girl was extremely fat. It was hard to hide my disappointment. I climbed up some extremely dangerous, slippery stairs to a shower in the corner of the room. It had very little pressure and the tap was defective. Eventually I rinsed myself and dried with a ratty little towel. The girl did not shower which was a disappointment. Lay on the bed for the massage by now I didn't want. It was poor, she had no idea how to give a massage. Then got the R&T - look she tried her best but it was terrible and I had to finish myself because she was doing nothing for me. There were still twenty minutes left of my hour but I was glad to get out of there. Even if the girl was hot it's not a nice place. Also it's very public because you have to walk thorough a big shared room with a tv so there are probably lots of guys there during the average evening


Floor: #4
Post Time: 11th February 2011, 10:59 AM
Poster ID: d4v8ae
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
hi angry welcome to this forum, you have come to the right place. you will find here much much much better recommendations to try out. i think this review would be one of the worst experiences iv read here. this should be moved to a new category titled "worst experiences ever"


Floor: #5
Post Time: 16th March 2011, 09:37 PM
Poster ID: usfxman
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
thanks for thereview. I walk past this place everyweek weekday and have seen some real talent scuttle quickly inside in the afternoons(must be the night shift) and been tempted. but after your review will steer well clear. Great review thanks angry


Floor: #6
Post Time: 17th March 2011, 08:41 AM
Poster ID: destructo33
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
This place will always have a special place in my heart, I don't think I will ever go back there again because there is no way my expectations will be met again.  Was in Sydney for a couple of days and was walking around looking for a place to release some tension, think I walked past Chequers and another place but settled on Chicago.  

Walked in and it seemed like a pretty upmarket RnT, I guess cause it was night the alternate menu was out, varying degree of nude massage etc, instead of the normal aroma therapy and other regular spa treatments.  Booked a 30 minute massage and went to shower and get ready.  Was introduced to a very cute Korean girl she would have been early twenties with a real nice pair.  Started the massage and it was going pretty well, was actually getting a decent massage then the erotic part started, really nice bodyslide and soft touching was pretty amazing, right there I decided to extend to the full hour which was probably the best decision of the night.

Back to the erotic massage, got to spend more time looking at such a sexy girl with lots more touching, I think this was my first experience of GFE on a punt which is also why I fondly remember.  We lay together and she rested her head on my shoulder and we looked into each others eye as she brought me over the line...  It was nice having another shower in the room, we spent the next 10 minutes messing around and getting clean in the shower and then sadly I had to leave.....  This was about 3 or 4 years ago....


Floor: #7
Post Time: 20th May 2011, 11:42 PM
Poster ID: andrewblake
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Funny with this..

I walked past this place the other day and could not believe that it is still going.. it is almost a relic of a by gone era of last century 90s.. inclusive of now defunct Zanadu in Pitt street.. next door to The Penthouse..

From the exterior it looked rundown and almost tacky and worn.. as it is across the road from World Square which is full of young asian students.. 

Thinking that I should just stick my head in and look around.. but then was not game.. abit "dirty" in the sense of the word.. I would rather go back to Oriana in Chatswood than try and visit.. Dont know.. 

AB


Floor: #8
Post Time: 23rd September 2011, 11:15 PM
Poster ID: JB
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Louise

Establishment : Chicago Spa & Health Centre

Date of Visit : 23/9/11

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 

Hours of Business :  

Rates : $183/hour

Age : Early mid 20's

Size/shape : Small/slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Malay

Services Provided : Massage/body to body/HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : I was working down Goulburn Street way today so after studying the form guide on XXX Aus reviews thought I'd do my own research! Walked past chequers, wild orchid and several other chinese massage joints but decided on the Chicago..Was feeling like a steam, sauna and a bit of recuperation after a fantastic session yesturday with my regular FB, but alas after paying my dues I was taken straight to the dreaded broom cupboard in the far corner by the male attendant....Went with the flow and off with the gear and into the shabby tub for a shower and clean up.

Waiting with some trepidation after reading the previous reviews and without the option to choose your girl, when the timid knock on the door came and in walked a cute little Malay, sometimes the luck falls your way, I guess part of the excitement of the punt? 

The massage began and was quite acceptable, the conversation was great and we hit it off just fine, I guess the success of the punt is largely a product of the chemistry, I offered her a massage and certainly ended up with more than I expected when I walked in off the street. She was super horny and all her body opened up, some great kissing and touching had her squirming and not nowing whether to stop me or keep begging for more! She melted but not before bringing me to a resounding climax, she kept teasing and I think we could have gone on for hours in that state of mutual lust.

She is a student, young but sensibly mature, certainly understanding the older married mans needs. 

Certainly exceeded my expectations (thats the girl not the venue!), for this tired place, certainly not a chatswood vitamin, can see that in some bygone era could have been a winner. Certainly hope louise finishes her studies and makes a go, great attitude and fun to be with,

Tipped her $50, all for her!

JB1


Floor: #9
Post Time: 2nd June 2012, 04:54 AM
Poster ID: angry
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Now called e-massage which i thought meant new owners so i gave it a go again. $120/half hour. my god this place smells mouldy. and the chances of slipping while getting into and out of the shower remain terrifyingly high. 

got a fairly unattractive middle-aged thai girl called sarah - not great looking and a bit plump round the tummy - who was genuinely quite violent with the r+t and didn't want me going near her body really. i abandoned ship, pleading that i was too tired.

do. not. go. here.


Floor: #10
Post Time: 16th June 2012, 01:27 AM
Poster ID: degauss
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I work interstate and used to travel to Sydney a lot about 7 years ago. It was during this time that I frequently visited Chicago Spa. It was looking a bit tired then so can only imagine it is quite old now. Nonetheless in a bygone time I experienced a number of girls that have long moved on. I found all to be young slim and eager to please. 

My most memorable visit was to a quiet slim korean girl. Started with nice massage with body slide. I used to always go the half hour and if they came across as attentive and willing to please I extended to an hour - it would cost more than hour upfront but I always found they work a bit harder for it. Anyway she was doing a really good job with a lot of light touching to the genitals and nice eye contact so extended to the hour. Flipped over and a nice front body slide with her pubic mound giving my little fella a bit of a rub whilst I was smothered with her nice soft titties. Ahh the beauty of youth - smooth unblemished soft skin in a nice tight package. 

We got down to the tug and this time this sweet little thing proceeded to give me a BBBJ. Hey hey I said to myself, I getting a bit extra with this one! I was in heaven enjoying her lips and tongue bathe my now rock hard manstick and was fast approaching release. I spoke out to warn her but she kept going and my brain was in no state to reason or protest. I was on a fast track to bliss and she just kept on steaming along until I came in her mouth! Oh boy I had now died and gone to heaven -  that felt so good! I only get CIM from the Mrs once in a blue moon and I couldn't believe that I got it from a massage girl. She cleaned herself up (did not swallow) with a smile.

Finished off the session with a soapy shower getting to further enjoy her supple skin and feminine curves. I tried to see her again on my next few visits to Sydney but they changed girls so often that I was not able to repeat the experience. And never have in the years since with various other establishments. It's now just a fond memory of my time at Chicago Spa. Cheers.


Floor: #11
Post Time: 3rd April 2013, 09:51 AM
Poster ID: awaw
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : not sure

Establishment : Chicago Spa & Health Centre - now called Studio Massage

Date of Visit : 22/mar/2103

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :

Hours of Business :

Rates : $181/hour

Age : Mid 20's

Size/shape bust

Nationality or Ethnicity : japanese

Services Provided : Massage/body to body/HJ

Value for money/recommend? : No

My experience/comments :  I was a bit pissed at the end of the night - hadn't been here in years - but thought why not - the name has changed - but it's still pretty much the same - still a bit rundown. Instead of going to the shower area, was directed straight to the room. Went for the premier service - $181 I think - for massage, b2b, body wash etc.
The girl was a busty shy japanese girl - perfunctory b2b, but was shy and no spark or eroticism there.  As usual, with these young things - it's a punt, hence the name. 

Probably better off at Chequers.


Floor: #12
Post Time: 17th November 2019, 12:31 AM
Poster ID: MLMatt
Post Title: 
 E-Studio Massage - 360 Pitt St Sydney
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Maki

Establishment : E Studio Massage 

Date of Visit : Nov 2019 

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 360 Pitt Street 

Phone : 0292670081

Hours of Business : Open until 5am at weekends

Rates : 130 / 60

Age : mid-20s

Size/shape : Petite with some curves; b cups 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Japanese 

Services Provided : NHJ / Body slide - YMMV 

Value for money/recommend? : OK. 

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

Was out late in the city after a huge week of work, so wanted to relax. 

Had seen a few reviews here so thought I'd check it out. Went in via the really, really wide door on Pitt St just down from some munted clubbers outside Shark Bar! 

I asked who was on and told Japanese Maki - "very beautiful, very cute, good service". I said ok and went in via a maze of corridors and via the biggest pile of magazines and newspapers I've ever seen. I reckon they have the entire Daily Telegraph back catalog on this pile! 

Was taken to a very dark room with a raised shower platform. Room was ok but old and the shower smelt mouldy - not so great. 

Anyway, had a quick shower and in walked Maki holding a laundered silk towel / robe. 

I ask her to take her clothes off straight away which she did to reveal a lovely, cute body. Petite but curves in the right places. Her breasts were B Cup and tantalising!  

The table was set up in the corner - sort of awkwardly for Maki, so i had her hop straight on the table with me for the duration. The massage started with a firm leg massage before going into a body slide after 15 mins in! Lovely. She really knew how to tease and she speaks great english too. 

After a while we flipped over and she was underneath so I massaged her back, butt and flipped her over to massage her front. It was quite sexy and she was receptive - though I didn't push the boundaries. 

I then lay down underneath Maki for some more body slide action before she started to get down to busy with a very slow and sensuous pull. Loads of eye contact, some more intimate sliding and then the crescendo! 

YMMV from Maki. I was very happy with services provided but she was coy when I asked about other options... 

We then cleaned up and had a shower together in the weird (and mouldy smelling) shower. 

Anyway, I enjoyed the hour and if the shower was cleaner I'd go back more often. That said, Maki was certainly super cute and I'd go back for her again.


