Thread Title: Erotic Slides - Kent St, Sydney - 0476 050 730
Floor: #1
Post Time: 24th November 2019, 10:52 PM
Poster ID: downthelane
Post Title: 
 Erotic Slides - Kent St, Sydney - 0476 050 730
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Demi

Establishment : Erotic Slides

Date of Visit : November 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Kent St, Sydney NSW / eroticslides.com / Twitter: eroticslides

Phone : 0476 050 730

Hours of Business : 10am to late (varies)

Rates : $150 30 mins, $190 45 mins, $240 60 mins (includes tip) + extras

Age : 20ish

Size/shape : Petite, B/C cup

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian (mixed ethnicity)

Services Provided : Nude massage, DFK, DATY, NHJ, COB

Value for money/recommend? : YMMV

My experience/comments :

I'd been introduced to Demi at another shop while she was trialling there and she mentioned she worked at Erotic Slides. I had a booking with a different girl but I made a mental note to follow up. She's advertised at Erotic Slides as Turkish (and tells me she speaks Turkish) and in our previous encounter the mamasan of that shop told me she was Aussie/Indian so I'm guessing her background is a mix of things. Or it could all be complete bollocks. In any event, she's likely a Westie or spent considerable time there.

Erotic Slides operates out of a serviced studio apartment on Kent St towards King St in the CBD. Booking is reasonably straight forward with a manager/receptionist via SMS. I'm asked to text when I arrive at the supplied address and am then text instructions on buzzer, floor, etc.

On arrival at the apartment I'm greeted by Demi wearing a body stocking and heels. She's tiny. Somewhere close to 5ft out of her heels. Pretty-ish in a girl next door way. Has long well kept dark brown/black hair which she wears up for most of the session. She has a tattoo on one side of her body and a belly button piercing. A nice pair of young breasts with large areola and is shaved below.

She confirms the half an hour arrangements and accepts the finances before offering me a rolled towel that's seen better days and off I head to the shower. On return she removes her body stocking and asks me to lie on the double bed which is arranged with a black fitted sheet, pillow and white towel. The mattress is cheap and soft and sinks and shifts as it takes my weight and I can't help but imagine that FS were it available must be like f@#king on a trampoline.

I cuddle the pillow with my arms and watch in the mirror propped against the wall as Demi grabs some supermarket brand baby oil from the side table and straddles my lower back and begins to massage my upper body as we talk about this and that. Back done she shifts down and straddles one leg in reverse cow girl while massaging the other before switching legs.

Some more oil, this time applied to her breasts and torso and she does a body slide along my back. Some FOAM kicks in and heavy breathing. The breathing intensifies as she slides up towards the back of my neck and she leans in close so I can feel her breath on the back of my head. When B2B is done she hops off and quickly cleans up in the gallery kitchen before returning and asking me to flip.

Oil is worked into her hands and she starts to massage the old fella to life. Conscious of time I have her lie on the bed next to me and run through the available services. CBJ is $50 and/or I can also package DFK, DATY, pussy play and fingering for $50. If I hadn't met Demi before I'm pretty sure I wouldn't have bothered but I'd been thinking about this for a while so agree to everything but the CBJ and opt to explore her body and lean in for the kiss. DFK is open mouth on open mouth and not that engaging so I quickly head downstairs. She spreads her legs wide and FOAM is a little OTT with plenty of encouraging talk and somewhere I pick up the "lover" moniker. With time almost up I move to kneel beside her and she grabs my cock while I slide my fingers inside her and massage her clit with my other hand.

She pulls me off and directs my spray over her breasts.

Job done I head off to the showers and we chat while I dress afterwards. Handing over the additional fee with a hug goodbye and I'm out the door.

Demi is young, outgoing and on her game. NHJ plus extras is a bit of a stretch though and I'm ambivalent about the expenditure. I guess ultimately how much value you see in the session is probably going to come down to how much value you place on the location in the CBD and the anonymous private apartment.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 6th February 2020, 11:01 PM
Poster ID: pashon8
Post Title: 
 Gabi - Erotic Slides - Kent St Sydney 0476 050 730
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Gabi

Establishment : Erotic Slides

Date of Visit : Jan 2020

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Kent St, Sydney NSW / eroticslides.com / Twitter: eroticslides

Phone : 0476 050 730

Hours of Business : 10am to late (varies)

Rates : $150 30 mins, $190 45 mins, $240 60 mins (includes tip) + extras

Age : Early 20s

Size/shape : Petite, B/C cup

Nationality or Ethnicity : Venezuelan 

Services Provided : Nude massage, sort of nude tug

Value for money/recommend? : Bit pricey for what was on offer

My experience/comments :

Wanted to try this place out. Booking was straight forward using sms. In hindsight the description and photo of Gabi is correct in that she is petite and shy. But stupid me I took one look at the photo, saw she was South American and my imagine decided she was in fact some 6 foot tall Glamourzon. So it was my fault I had unmet expectations when she opened the door. Still she was cute so didn't make a deal about it.

After the shower Gabi got me to lay on the bed. Massage was ok but nothing to write home about. After a while I turned over. Gabi gets topless and oils up my tool for a tug. I sit up and try to get her naked but she only gets her pants low enough to just see her bush. Her body language was quite defensive which I found strange for a latino woman. After some effort I manage to drop my load.

Wouldn't return, at least not to see Gabi. I don't normally see non Asian RnT ladies but this wasn't anywhere near the experience I got years ago at Bodyrotic.


