Thread Title: Everyday Health Massage Paradise - Lower Level, 711 George St, Sydney - 02 9212 7150
Floor: #1
Post Time: 5th June 2012, 10:03 PM
Poster ID: MooNoi
Post Title: 
 Everyday Health Massage Paradise - Lower Level, 711 George St, Sydney - 02 9212 7150
				
Post Content: 
Everyday Health Massage Paradise, Basement 711 George St Sydney

Phone: 02 9212 7150

Hours of Operation - 10.00am until Midnight, 7 Days.

Cost of Massage: 
30 - $35
45 - $45
60 - $60
90 - $90
(Plus extras, which seem to be HJ and B2B... not sure about full service as it was my first visit).

Website: Home Page

Massage Girl: Akiko

Nationality: Japanese

Age: Said 23 - and this would be about right I think. 

Would I return: Possibly... not 100% sure.


Hi All,

Couldn't find this place anywhere else, (which surprises me as it seems quite large), but forgive me if it's already got a thread.

When I checked website back at home, they seem to be affiliated with 518 Kent Street.

Strolling up George Street on this dirty, DIRTY night weather-wise in Sydney and saw a sign saying "MASSAGE" leading downstairs, right next to Club X.

Decided to take one for the team and headed down.

Met by a gorgeous Japanese girl, who said her name was Akiko. 

Led into the room and asked how long I wanted. Replied 30 minutes.

This girl had one of the most stunning faces I have EVER seen on a massage girl. Lovely body - a little bit meaty, (but I like that), but I would used the word "toned". Very small boobs, however. She wears the coloured contact lenses, which give her a "manga" look, which I also really go for. 

As I handed over my $35, she asked immediately if I wanted HJ for $20 or B2B for $50.
Didn't have enough with me, so replied "just the HJ", and I think this miffed her a little bit. Oh well.
She asked for the $20 straight away, which I handed over. No thank you from her at all. Straight in the pocket. 

On to the table and she came back in. Wasn't asked what sort of massage I wanted, so I said "soft with oil please". 

Massage was pretty lame. Felt ok, but nothing special.
Tackle tickle was almost non-existent.

Tried to make some light conversation with her, but she didn't seem interested. 

Asked to turn over at the 20 minute mark.

No eye contact during the HJ, and she seemed to stand as far away from the table as possible as if she was trying to put maximum distance between my cock and herself. Quite strange. 

Decided for some bizarre reason that it would be quite hot to hear her telling me to cum in Japanese, (and to get me over the line as she was being so clinical about it!) so I said with a smile on my face, "how do you say "I WANNA SEE YOU SHOOT YOUR CUM" in Japanese?"
Her reply took me aback: "I'm really not interested and I don't want to tell you."

Okayyyyy... fair enough then.

But focusing on her beautiful face and sexy nails around my cock I somehow managed to get myself over the line. 
She cleaned me up as if she was a nurse cleaning up a patient and then went and wiped me down with a hot towel. 

Funnily enough, as I was getting my clothes back on she seemed to lighten up a bit and we made some small talk. 
Out of interest, I asked her if she did "private massage" in hotels in the CBD (hoping to see if she was willing to provide FS).

She replied: "Yes... $220... 1 hour and body to body and happy ending ONLY. No sex."

Well, fuck that for a joke. Not sure she'd get many customers with those rates. Maybe she does. 

Anyway, seems like this place could be ok if you get the right girl. Clean rooms, EFTPOS available and seems to have quite a few girls there.
In a nutshell, I think Akiko simply didn't like me for whatever reason, and we failed to click. It seemed to go downhill after I told her I only wanted HJ and not B2B. C'est la vie.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 6th June 2012, 10:50 PM
Poster ID: littleboy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
A good friend of mine works one evening, she said Owner trying to Register name as Emperor Massage - yes you are correct at the affiliations and telephone number - they appear to use the same name for some girls on different shifts, so it can get quite confusing if you want to make booking. I have not been to this joint, so unable to comment further. My friend will probably move to other shop because she says it is too late but very convenient to her city accommodation. LB


Floor: #3
Post Time: 21st June 2012, 09:07 AM
Poster ID: brett1971
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Dropped in yesterday ,(did not get her name) average looking chinese girl with short floral dress.Massage was ok ,turned over $40.00 to stip and hj .After 2 minutes i told her too go soft and gentle on the hj,she stopped got dressed and got out the tissues,i said what ar u doing "i thought u cum because u say go soft "  i replied "where is the evidence" ....she then finished the job............   4/10.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 27th June 2012, 10:10 PM
Poster ID: jbl
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Angel (??)

Establishment (if applicable): 711 george

Date of Visit: 1/6

Contact Details/Address:as above

Hours of Business: (if known or applicable) not sure was open late

Prices: $35 30 min massage, $20 hj

Age: early 40's

Size/shape: slim, ok face, average behind

Nationality or Ethnicity: Chinese

Services: RNT

Value for money/recommend?: 

was out for work drinks and was walking along george st and actually thought i would duck into club x on the walk by, got there and it was closed, was later than i thought, 1-130ish and i noticed the massage place which i had never seen or been before. thought why not.
walked in, 1 girl on, Angel (yeah right, was probably the easiest name to give me!)
led to a sizeable warm room, comfy table and straight away advised $20 for happy ending, said i would see at the end (who was i kidding)
solid massage. not very teasing or sensual, but relaxing. near perfect english so was able to have a good conversation right the wya through.
turn over time and worked the tackle well, allowed touching on the outside of jeans, could tell it had been a long night for her so didnt push it to much, she said $50 for clothes off but wasnt attractive enough for that.

overall was a solid rub down and what you would expect for a chinese massage at 1am on a friday for $35
would give it another shot


Floor: #5
Post Time: 7th July 2012, 05:33 PM
Poster ID: DrBob
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Location: 711 George Street
Date: 7-June-2012, Thursday afternoon around 4:30.
Name: Yoko
Nationality: Says HK, but accent is MLC
Age: MILF, say about 40
works: Thursday, Friday
Cost: 35/30, 60/60, all times longer $1/minute
Figure: slimish, C/D breasts, but some belly; unshaven

Went in, seemed to be first cab off the rank, as I saw no one else. It was her second massage for the day, perhaps due to the weather. I paid my 35, then as soon as she came back, handed her 50. No talk, she took that to mean nude+HJ, and that's what I got.
Look, I have decided that MILFs do not do it for me. Her massage technique was quite good, but the erotic part was quite repetivie. Whole on my front, she was essentially massaging my but cheeks, with the odd crack tickle. On flip over, she did a little fingertips/nails touching, but her HJ was not erotic at all. Got a bit better once I told her to slow down. However, there was some oil and some crack action, and I think her finger either pressured or went in to my date (not experience enough with this sort of action, so can't really tell). That got me over the line.
After that, I was given a good relaxing head, arms and legs massage till the 30 mins were up.
Touching? I did get to touch her, and she looks great for her age, but just did nothing for me. I did a bit of clit work, and I felt her moisten up, but wasn't really interested in inserting fingers, so just let her complete me. She is nice and friendly, and was quite solicitous. She scores well on attitude. I am sure she would respond to further advice. I told her I wanted it more slowly, and she responded. I could, I guess, have easily got her to change her technique, but realised that I simply was not being turned on. I now realise I need young flesh, in the 20s.

Would I return? No, for the reasons stated above.
Was it value for money? Certainly.

DrBob


Floor: #6
Post Time: 14th September 2012, 07:48 PM
Poster ID: DrBob
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
URGENT - Time critical review - URGENT
Location: 711 George Street
Date: 14-Sep-2012, Thursday afternoon around 4:30.
Name: Cici
Nationality: MLC, from Chengdu
Age: young, early twenties; 
works: not sure, but going to China for 2-month holiday on Monday and not returning to this job after that
Cost: 35/30 + 20HJ
Figure: those were probably Ds, but otherwise she is carrying very little fat

What a delight! Cici was lovely and friendly, from the moment she led me in ("I hope she does it!"). She was enthusiastic and sweet, and had no problems in my touching her through her clothes.  While chatting during the massage, I turned to the side once or twice and made eye contact. What a sweet girl! Her massage is good, and on turn over her HJ technique is great. I did a Blatchford: after ten minutes of her massaging me, I massaged her for about 10.
After lying down again, she asked me if I wanted a special service, and a HJ was negotiated.
She was great with her technique. I need eye contact to get off, and she obliged. I even went for her breast, but she indicated that that would require me getting her to strip off for $50. Given we were 5 minutes away from the end of a half hour session, I demurred. Nonetheless, her enthusiasm, smile and generally friendly nature would ensure that I would return. But she is leaving the business, so see if you can get in this weekend if you'd like to see her.

Would I return? To see her?  Anywhere, anytime!
Was it value for money? Certainly.

DrBob


Floor: #7
Post Time: 15th September 2012, 04:14 PM
Poster ID: Mr Crash and Burn
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Dr Bob, when she returns, she will pop up somewhere. Loved your experience, its a shame you couldn't extend your time and get the full cache of extras.

Funny thing these asian girls. They are over here, and then refer to going home to China as having a holiday. I wonder if some of them will be put to work in the factories for a few schillings a day during their holiday..


Floor: #8
Post Time: 15th September 2012, 05:26 PM
Poster ID: Flyboy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I think it's a proper holiday, and given the amount they can make doing 'extras' here versus the low cost of living in China (especially if they stay with family or relatives, which would be the case), they quite literally can have a holiday in China and not work for a few months! That's of course the main reason they do this (also to support family or just their own lifestyle in Australia), and I am happy to help them out.


Floor: #9
Post Time: 16th September 2012, 12:57 AM
Poster ID: DrBob
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I was only her fourth client that day. I DId try to extend, but by then she already had someone waiting for her. I should have gotten more details, so I could find get if she pops up again She's studying business downtown, but is looking to do nursing at UWollongong next year...

Yeah, the holiday thing is funny


Floor: #10
Post Time: 13th March 2013, 12:10 AM
Poster ID: john1232009
Post Title: 
 Emperor Massage George street
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Mary

Establishment : Emperor Massage

Date of Visit : 20/02/2013

Rates : $35 half hour

Age : 25ish

Size/shape : Slim, A Cups

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : R&T

I felt like a massage as it had been awhile since I had the pleasure. I walked down the stairs next door to club x on George Street in Chinatown and was greeted by a young friendly girl who introduced herself as Mary. I payed on my credit card at the counter and she even asked whether I would like any extras to be put on the card. She told me $20 for a happy ending and I paid the $55. 

Into the room, was the 6th room that we passed so Im assuming they have quiet a few more as well. Mary dimmed the lights, turned on some music and told me to undress and lie down and shed be right back. I lay there for about 5 minutes and still no sign of Mary and I was getting quiet agitated. Another few minutes went by and finally she entered the room and apologised for the wait. Soon I was in complete bliss and forgot I even had to wait as she provided me with a very sensual massage with lots of tackle play. She spent about 5 minutes massaging my ass and massaging just around my anus, she could tell I was really enjoying it. 

She turned me over and pulled her top up to reveal small but very nice boobs. She grabbed the oil and got to work; one hand stroking while the other was playing with my balls and ass at the same time. I couldn't take it for long and was soon shooting streams of cum all over myself. Mary cleaned me up and continued to give me a 5 minute head massage to finish off. 

I truly enjoyed seeing Mary, she provided me with a very good GFE which is very rare in massage shops now days. I will definitely be seeing her again, she gave me her number incase she isn't at the same shop in the future


Floor: #11
Post Time: 5th October 2014, 09:09 PM
Poster ID: hampotato
Post Title: 
 Empire massage - Basement 711 George St, Sydney - 02 9212 7150
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Annie

Date of Visit : Late August

Address : 711 george st Sydney  Locations | EMPIRE MASSAGE 

Hours of Business : 10-late like 2am

Rates : $35 / 30mins

Age : Late twenties

Size/shape : B+C cup.

Nationality or Ethnicity: Chinese

Services Provided : Massage + HJ , NHJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : 

This girl is quite attractive. Average english. Good attitude. Great butt for an asian. A sort of mmedium darkness to complexion, not a white chinese complexion.

A bit of massage, so so 4-5/10. 

But she seemed quite excited and playful. Wanted to get into extras quite fast. Quite persuasive and I didn't mind. Was feeling I would get over the line easy today by the nature of her personality and my inherent horniness. 

I took 20 option, 50 on offer. Didn't need naked her clothes held everything nicely. Ass great to hold. overgrip and undergrip alternating, a bit of blowing with air, very excited cooing. I was in the moment so it didn't make me laugh.

For this time of the night, after midnight I was happy with my find. The other girls here on option that night 5/10 looks, this one 7, sexy.

Would like to find out about any other gems here as I like last night play the  best.


Floor: #12
Post Time: 5th October 2014, 09:29 PM
Poster ID: hampotato
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Yuki

Date of Visit : Late August

Address : 711 george st Sydney

Hours of Business : 10-late like 2am

Rates : $35 / 30mins

Age : Mid thirties, late thirties?
Size/shape : B cup.

Nationality or Ethnicity: japanese.

Services Provided : Massage + HJ , NHJ, FS

Value for money/recommend? : Depends what you like

My experience/comments : 

I tend to go for the more innocent look, not too much makeup. Yuki was the last girl I was waiting for to check out. I was feeling sexually frustrated, late night, no other option. So I took her.

She was a bit older than I prefer. Heaps of makeup. A bit slutty dressing which is sometimes nice but this presentation didn't really get me.

I am sort of new the regular punting, only this year got into it more. certainly more regularly. Maybe I look like a nice guy or something, or act like one. But I was surprised as this girl front up offered, 20, 50 or FS. It was my first time to hear that. A bit shocked back then but now I am more open to it after reading more.

Anyway I chose the HJ only. I think her body is ok but a bit old and saggy it would be without hugging clothes.

The  massage was ok, just token. Bring on the oil, lets get this over with. Very horny, she had good hands. Has certainly done this many a time. Happy? it's fine. Like I said I don't know many budget options at night when you want someone else to do the  pulling  for you.


Floor: #13
Post Time: 6th October 2014, 03:39 PM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Sounds like this place has changed names to Empire Massage, EMPIRE MASSAGE

See posts 11 & 12.


Floor: #14
Post Time: 15th November 2014, 02:24 PM
Poster ID: wingsofdreams
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Kiki

Date of Visit : Sunday, 9/11/2014

Address : 711 George St, Sydney

Hours of Business : 10:00AM - 2:00AM

Rates : $60 / Hr + $50 Nude Bodyslide

Age : Late twenties

Size/shape : Busty, C-cup

Nationality or Ethnicity: Korean

Services Provided : Massage + Bodyslide

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : 

Dropped in on Sunday afternoon after a good lunch session with the mates. Was going to head home but an itch in the trousers really needed to be cured so dropped down here despite its openness (being right next to a sex shop and right in front of George Street)...

Mamasan ushered me into a room and called a girl in. In came Korean Kiki, dressed in a tight tank-top and shorts! "Hello, how are you she beamed!" Wow, definitely one of the friendliest ML I have ever encountered. Asked me to lie down and whether I had been here before...this was my first time, but I said yes anyway. Starts the massage bit sitting on top of me - immediately rousing the flagpole. She talks about studying here, enjoying the life here in Australia and how she didn't want to go back to Korea (well, please stay here!!!). Really chatty, but never stopped massaging which is a good part.

After a decent massage, she left to grab some hot towels (shit...no tackle tickle...could this be a legit massage after all)? Comes back and asks me if I wanted some "more service" or just a massage. Cheeky me...I asked what more could I get? She asked me how much I would pay. Being the first visit, I said $50. So she said, so you'd like a nude bodyslide? YES PLEASE! Stripped off to reveal an amazingly busty figure with a good set of C-Cups. She put jelly all over my body and hers and proceeded with a sensual bodyslide - rubbing her belly on the flagpole as it grew and grew in size. I motioned for her tits and she placed them on my mouth, while she started tugging away softly at the flagpole. Oh this is too good - I was enjoying the sight of her tits bouncing up and down as she simulated sex with a HJ...

I finally exploded all over her hands and my belly. We showered separately and I tipped her an additional $10 as a reward. Really nice girl with good attitude! Treat her well and she'll know how to make you a happy guy!

Works Sunday and Monday.


Floor: #15
Post Time: 18th December 2014, 01:15 PM
Poster ID: bomberdoode
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Yuki

Date of Visit : Last week of November

Address : 711 george st Sydney

Hours of Business : 10 - 2am

Rates : $35 / 30mins + $50

Age : Late 20's early 30's

Size/shape : B cup.

Nationality or Ethnicity: japanese.

Services Provided : Massage + HJ , NHJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes with potential

My experience/comments : 

I suspect I might have a different Yuki to hampotatoe. She was Japanese with some heavy make up but the similarity ends there. I found her tits firm, not saggy and her body toned and fit.

This one greeted me at the bottom of steps and walked with me down the hall with that sexy strut. Tall because she had heels on.

Anyway no mention of FS at all.

I turned to lay on my back after 5 minutes. Paid $50 and asked her to have her gear off from the start. Anyway this girl had a firm body and great ass and smooth. Handjob standed but she waltzes or glides around the table in a slightly theatrical kind of way. While the handy was going on I asked if I could feel her up and she said "of course". I didn't quite get near that pussy but she was strategic Id say rather than abrupt or uncomfortable. At one point she stood on the table with one foot either side of my shoulders and lent down to stroke me. Here I was looking straight up the contours of her legs at that pussy.

I reckon theres potential here ads I commented "if you gave fs Id be here evert week".

Anyway as they say YMMV but I would return but not sure if its at the top of my list.

At


Thread Title: Everyday Health Massage Paradise - Lower Level, 711 George St, Sydney - 02 9212 7150
Floor: #16
Post Time: 14th March 2016, 05:36 PM
Poster ID: DrBob
Post Title: 
 Yuki at 711 George Street, CBD
				
Post Content: 
Location: 711 George Street
Date: 8 March 2010, Tuesday afternoon around 8:00 pm
Name: Yuki
Nationality: Japanese
Age: I think 30s. Hard to tell, she is definitely Japanese, with all the makeup and cutesy squeals.
works: Thursday and two other dats
Cost: 35/30+20HJ
Figure: curvy, does all the cutesy Japanese behaviour

First cab off the rank, as is usual at this place. Checked my records and turns out I saw here a year ago, although I don't think I write that up. Asked to avoid oil, so I got a lot of moisturiser. Lucky I havea shower at work.
I ask for a soft massage, so she was quite sensual, and I got minor gropage as she positioned herself around me. Some tackled tickle, but nothing to write home about.

After turnover, she has an interesting technique. She sits at the end of teh bed between your legs, and works the little dude nicely. All squeales and giggles, as behoves a Japanese girl. She was great at eye contact. That, with her nice technique (and short visits by her fingers outside the back door) led to me blowing.

Seeign her from the back, and in particular her shoulders, leads me to think that she may be late 30s. However, it is hard to tell. From the front she was cute. These days I generally do not get them to undress, so not much more inform I can share with you there.

A nice experience.

DrBob


