Thread Title: Golden Rose ( ex Hong Kong Traditional Massage) - Sh 1, 339 Sussex St, Sydney (entry off Day St)  0426 600 653
Floor: #1
Post Time: 6th April 2011, 06:26 PM
Poster ID: J0j0n
Post Title: 
 Golden Rose ( ex Hong Kong Traditional Massage) - Sh 1, 339 Sussex St, Sydney (entry off Day St)  0426 600 653
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Cathy

Establishment : Dao or Gao Massage

Date of Visit: 18th March 2011

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: At the end of James St, which runs off Sussex (James St is north of the corner of Sussex & Liverpool, just past Takeru Japanese restaurant) - with large yellow sign right next to Police Stn. 

Hours of Business: til 8:30pm

Rates:  $35/30mins and $60/1 hr

Age: mid-20s

Size/shape: Shortish with an average build with large, well shaped breasts and a huge bush!

Nationality or Ethnicity: Hong Kong Chinese

Services Provided: 15min backrub with some ball tampering then over and an extra $50 for extras with no gear on. Was asked again and againand the price eventually made it to $20 which I was happy with. A hj & bj was offered but was well satisfied with the former. Touchy feely allowed but not downstairs.

Value for money/recommend?: Definitely value for money!!! A must if you are in Chinatown.  30mins was sufficient too as her massage technique wasn't that great. 

My experience/comments: Massage was a 6.5/10 but the extras was a 9 :-). For the extras, she started off like a Ferrari so had to slow her down and she went at least 5mins over time in order to ensure that it all ended well. Definitely the best place I've tried in Sydney and they are genuinely friendly too.  The rooms all have ceiling handrails for back walking I suspect. Wouldn't call it that clean and tidy so a good makeover wouldn't go astray but still excellent value. Had a 10min chat to them afterwards too which was nice. From a looks point of view, the 3 girls there were all quite cute but not exceptional. That was my 3rd visit with a different woman each time and all have been great!! Think it helps when they can chat and have a laugh with you as well but maybe that is just me.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 3rd May 2011, 10:02 PM
Poster ID: Flyboy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hi mate, was down this neck of the woods tonight after dinner in Chinatown but could not find this place at all - no sign of the yellow Dao/Gao sign or any sign anywhere here, apart from Hong Kong Massage which is on Hay Street... Any clues?


Floor: #3
Post Time: 3rd May 2011, 11:11 PM
Poster ID: monty00
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Flyboy ... If you were at Hay St, then you're at the wrong end of Chinatown. From the intersection of Sussex and Liverpool, head north towards the intersection of Sussex and Bathurst. James St will be on the left, about 50m north of Liverpool St intersection.

I havent been to this place, but it sounds good.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 3rd May 2011, 11:36 PM
Poster ID: Flyboy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Sorry, wasn't Hay Street, my mistake - was Day Street - but I was at the correct street, James St running left off Sussex past the Liverpool intersection.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 4th May 2011, 08:03 AM
Poster ID: sinner84
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Tried to look for it myself few weeks back however I just can't find it. There a few massage places around here but none with the yellow sign mentioned.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 5th May 2011, 10:49 PM
Poster ID: monty00
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I was walking between offices today and took a slight detour to check out the environs here. Didn't have time for a massage though.

Going by JOjon's description, there is a massage place right at the bottom of James St, at the Day St end. It's called Hong Kong Traditional Massage, and it's right next to the police station. The cul de sac where it's located is full of police cars.

No yellow sign, but my guess is that this is the place.

Dammit, I forgot the address but I think it goes by shop 1 340 Sussex St even though it's on the Day St side of the complex


Floor: #7
Post Time: 13th May 2011, 07:31 AM
Poster ID: monty00
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Paula

Establishment :Hong Kong Traditional Massage

Date of Visit:12 May 2011

Contact Details/Address/Weblink:Shop 1 339 Sussex St, entry off Day St next to police station.

Hours of Business: 

Rates:35/half, 60/hour

Age:29

Size/shape:Slim, average height for a chinese girl, a cup

Nationality or Ethnicity:Chinese

Services Provided:Massage, hj.

Value for money/recommend?:Recommended for a very good massage. Average value for money as costs are similar to other places.

My experience/comments: My curiosity had me on this joint. From outside it looks well maintained, but when you step in it looks like it is cobbled together like a lot of asian joints. The ceilings do have handrails, and tracks for curtains. Also looks like it was set up for 3 curtained massage areas. But then they have used 8' timber frame partitions to create 2 massage areas instead.

Paula is a 29 year old chinese girl studying pharmacy in Australia. Appearance wise she looks a little bit nerdy with the glasses and so on, but she's not unattractive. Would I bonk her, absolutely! But that's not on offer, understandable with the cops next door.

The massage itself was very competent. She has obviously been trained and knows what she is doing. The fun side was ok, tackle tickle wasnt existent, she just asked me to flip over and then asked if i wanted a HJ for $20. I never knock this back, so yes. Again it was competent, but nothing spectacular. Desired outcome was achieved, even if she did get it all over my own legs.

Hot towel clean up, and were done.

One thing I got a bit concerned about was that in the cubicle, each time the door was opened I was in full view of the front door. A bit uncomfortable, but hey if anyone outside sees me then it's their bad luck as I'm not a pretty site naked.


Floor: #8
Post Time: 24th May 2011, 08:36 PM
Poster ID: J0j0n
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Apologies to everyone with the name as it is actually Hong Kong massage and there is a large overhead yellow neon sign outside. It's about 20m from the cop shop (heading away from CBD)


Floor: #9
Post Time: 1st June 2011, 01:15 AM
Poster ID: flygtfalcon
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I visited early this week and my satisfaction was guaranteed..

How to get there?
Walking along Sussex Street heading in a northern direction, just past   Liverpool street you will find a small street on your left hand side called James St.  Follow this street all the way to the end. You will find a small park area screening Harbour Street.
You will see a glass door on your left. This is the shop.  The address is 339 Sussex St Haymarket, but the location would be best described as entry from Harbour St.

What was the place like?
The place was clean with 2 rooms, looked very much like a legitimate shop and would not attract unnecessary attention. The rooms are quite small with a massage bench and a small white cushion cube in the corner to stash your clothes etc.


What about the girl?
I was welcomed by a young Chinese girl no older than 23.  Very petite and quite pretty except for a very wide jaw, reminded me of the “American dad carton character”.
A cups disguised to look like B’s
Kept her clothes on the whole time.

What was her name?
She said her name was April, but when has a ML used her real name.

What days does she work?
She said she works most Mondays but depends on her university course.

What was provided?
5 minute massage & remaining time spent on the HJ.
I am not a big fan of the massage; I’m more interested in the HJ.
She said they don’t do HJ, sure! She changed her mind very quickly when I pulled out $20 and asked her to reconsider. 

Quality?
Massage was ok, HJ was very good.
A nice young asian girl playing with your tool till you blow for only $55 with no strings attached, ahh!! the life.

Price?
I paid $35 for ½ Hour + $20 extra to the girl for the HJ
Have exact money available, $35 & $20 as she keeps the $20 and doesn’t tell the MILF boss.

Any extras available?
I don’t think with this one, she seemed too shy, I really don’t think she has been in the industry for very long. She tried to do cover me up with a towel while she did the HJ.  I said I prefer to see what’s going on which she eventually agreed to.

Would you go back?
Why not.


I hope my fellow punters find this information useful.


Floor: #10
Post Time: 4th July 2011, 12:18 AM
Poster ID: angry
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Not sure this time

Establishment : Hong Kong Massage - nb mods the name of this thread should be changed to Hong Kong Massage on Harbour St!

Date of Visit : 3 july 2011

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : enter from harbour st - its right next to a police station which is scary. from corner of sussex and liverpool st you go downhill towards french riviera icecream shop next to a footbridge to darling harbour and rthen it's just past the icecream shop. police is slightly beyond that. i sometimes wonder whether they'd do a raid but then again they're probably customers too right!

Hours of Business :  morning til variably late - 9 or 10 but ive been later, like 11 or even 11.30 - but you cant rely on when they closing

Rates : $30min 35 / 45 min $50 / 60 min $60

Age : ive seen maybe 5 girls here and theyre all in ealy 20s

Size/shape : all slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : mainlnand chinese 

Services Provided : highly variable - usually they offer r+t for $20 and nude for $50. some haev refused to do nude though. and theyve never offered more probably because the rooms arent very private in terms of sound. HOWEVER - not every girl does r+t. once i had one who wanted to switch to another girl. and when i went on a sunday afternoon no extras were offered at all - my pants kept on, normally they tell you to take off

Value for money/recommend? : very good value and a nice place

My experience/comments : well - its really cheap and the best thing is that the girls are all young and sweet which is not the case anywhere else nearby as far as ive seen. th problem is that you cant absolutely guarante extras. in short its perfect if your'e looking for a place that looks 100% legitimate and a chance of some fun extras. its one of my favorites tho. also even though its in a pretty busy area the actual entreance is usually very quiet. i've heard normal massages going on around me too wtih guys who just talk the entire time!


Floor: #11
Post Time: 11th January 2013, 07:15 PM
Poster ID: Dangar
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Yuna

Establishment :Hong Kong Traditional Massage

Date of Visit: Sunday 6 Jan 2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink:Shop 1 339 Sussex St, entry off Day St next to police station.

Hours of Business: 10am - 10pm

Rates:35/half, 60/hour

Age:24

Size/shape: 160cm tall, Curvy with a nice round ass. Tits A cups but a good shape. 

Nationality or Ethnicity:Chinese

Services Provided:Massage, Nude hj.

Value for money/recommend?: Yes.

My experience/comments: I have seen 'Yuna' twice now and she only works on Sundays. The first time about three weeks ago she was shy. Last Sunday she was alot more
relaxed and I removed her clothes straight away at the start of the massage. I love her round curvy ass which is hard to find on Chinese girls. She was happy for me to fondle her everywhere but on her pussy. Yuna however was great in getting in doggy style posing on the table to tease me. I asked a couple of times about FS but was declined so I just blew a load on her leg while admiring her round ass and pussy in view. 

I will keep trying to see if I can pursuade her do other extras. I still haven't had a massage from her. Yuna is a nice girl and another student earning money part time. The other girls who were waiting on the couch near the entrance looked okay too. The rooms are very small unlike Sunshine massage up the road in Day Street. But I think the girls and service is better at this place.


Floor: #12
Post Time: 5th February 2013, 01:19 AM
Poster ID: angry
Post Title: 
 Kitty at Hong Kong Traditional Massage Sydney cbd
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Kitty

Establishment : Hong Kong Massage[COLOR=#333333][COLOR=#333333]Date of Visit : January 2013[/COLOR]

[COLOR=#333333]Contact Details/Address/Weblink : [/COLOR][COLOR=#333333]shop 1, 339 Sussex St, Sydney[/COLOR]

[COLOR=#333333]Hours of Business : mid morning til about 11 each night[/COLOR]

[COLOR=#333333]Rates : 30mins $35, 45 mins $50, 60 mins $60 + $20HJ + $30 clothesoff[/COLOR]

[COLOR=#333333]Age : mid 20s[/COLOR]

[COLOR=#333333]Size/shape : bit chunky, b cup breasts, pretty face[/COLOR]

[COLOR=#333333]Nationality or Ethnicity : chinese[/COLOR]

[COLOR=#333333]Services Provided : massage + hj nude[/COLOR]

[COLOR=#333333]Value for money/recommend? : yes as long as you dont mind a few extra kilos

[/COLOR][COLOR=#333333]This is a really funny shop - the entry is off Day St near darling harbour and just down the rd from sunshine massage. Most private way in is to walk down the laneway from Sussex st look for the police station! Yes it is right next to a police station and it is a few metres from a really busy freeway. And still it is quite quiet and very few people walk past - plus the shop looks legitimate so you can always say how was i supposed to know it was dodgy its next to a police station for goodness sake![/COLOR]

[COLOR=#333333]Anyway i have been here a few times and it almost always has a nice young girl from mainland Chinese or Thai. On Sun 27 jan I saw Kitty who I have seen before and she seemed glad to see me again. She is in her mid 20s I would say and has a pretty face and long hair. She's a bit overweight and has small breasts but I think shes sexy and fun anyway very playful.[/COLOR]

[COLOR=#333333]This is one of those shops where you pay a low price for just the massage and then have to pay for extras which are $20 just [/COLOR]hj[COLOR=#333333] or $50 for strip to panties. Kitty gave me a really good massage for 30 mins then came the fun turning over bit and she whispered and I weent for the $50 strip option. She really got into it and let me play with her breasts and pussy throough panties and I got really turned on because she seemed super horny so it didnt take long for me to finish which was really nice.[/COLOR]

[COLOR=#333333]There are certainly skinnier MLs out there but Kitty is very sweet and she is really fun so I think worth a try and in fact in this shop there are always really nice girls personalities not like Sunshine down the road which is sometimes much less friendly. I would recommend Kitty unless you only like your women skinny if so you will probably be missing out because I'd rather have a really nice girl who is friendly and knows what they are doing than someone hot and useless. Also she does have a very pretty face so that's good.[/COLOR]

[COLOR=#333333]Heres a tip ask for the bathroom after the massage as the shop is in an apartment building and they let you into he carpark and then after bathroom you can take a back exit straight onto the side laneway and nobody would know you were in a massage shop because you could just be a resident of the apartment building so as long as you can get into the shop without getting seen you can get out ok no problems.[/COLOR][/COLOR]


Floor: #13
Post Time: 3rd March 2013, 07:26 PM
Poster ID: ejn
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Aila at Hong Kong Traditional Massage

$35/30 minutes + $20.

Late 20s, plain but fairly good figure.

Wearing a sheer white outfit silky to touch.

Relaxed and pleasant attitude.

Good massage with oil, slow and relaxing.

$20 for handjob and touch outside dress only, not breasts ($50 for nude and touch breasts).

Patient with handjob, not rushed though I took a while to cum.

I'd go back.


Floor: #14
Post Time: 27th April 2013, 12:01 PM
Poster ID: roflevo
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Visited Nicole here (ML 25ish but spoke English with American accent!) on Tues night. $35 half hr + $25 hj. I negotiated $45 all off hj. Good massage and I think she climbed on my back using handrails to walk!. Lots of tickle and finished quickly so got a head massage after. Would go back but wall between rooms not tall so can't make much noise!


Floor: #15
Post Time: 25th June 2013, 12:25 AM
Poster ID: roflevo
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Kitty (works Tuesdays)

Establishment : Hong Kong Traditional Massage

Date of Visit: 11 June 2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: Day St next to Police Station

Hours of Business: Closes at 10pm

Rates: $35/30mins + $20 HJ

Age: 23 (she says)

Size/shape: Slim Asian A-cup

Nationality or Ethnicity: MLC

Services Provided: HJ

Value for money/recommend?: Standard price, decent massage, not a clock watcher so yes.

My experience/comments: 
Decent massage, and didn't try to upsell or offer extras until about the 25min mark. We went over with the hj but it was very satisfying. She was also pretty (IMO). Little bit of conversation but not too much. Don't remember much else TBH but would go back- that being said, I've had a miss with this joint where someone else kept trying to upsell me, etc...


Thread Title: Golden Rose ( ex Hong Kong Traditional Massage) - Sh 1, 339 Sussex St, Sydney (entry off Day St)  0426 600 653
Floor: #16
Post Time: 5th October 2014, 01:31 PM
Poster ID: hampotato
Post Title: 
 Hong Kong Massage - 339 Sussex St, Sydney - 02 9283 3860
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Coco

Establishment : Hong Kong Massage, 339 sussex

Date of Visit : Tuesday, mid july

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 339 sussex 02 92833860

Hours of Business : until 11pm

Rates : $35, 30 mins

Age : 27ish

Size/shape : Size 8, proportioned, so its good. One of a nicer asian butt.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Massage, HJ, Naked, BJ

Value for money/recommend? : Good

My experience/comments : 

She seemed a bit distracted during the massage, However she was nice. Most punters would be happy to talk. Fair to good english.

Massage ok, 6/10.

Didn't spend too much time on the massage though. Fairly quick to turn over. She is appealing enough for most guys.
I didn't feel like spending  the 50 on this time, was fine to just have the handjob. Not that saucy in her part 2. Kind of kept on pushing to get 50 from me instead of the 20 i agreed to.

She is certainly concerned about cash and doesn't hide it. I don't like that much but oh well, at least she is transparent 

She mentioned something  about suck, BJ? But i didn't want as I was close enough to cum. Came early, left early.

Summary. Face good, body good, massage ok, and if you pay the cash she wants she will be happy!


Floor: #17
Post Time: 5th October 2014, 01:44 PM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by hampotato


Person's Name : Coco

Establishment : Hong Kong Massage, 339 sussex

Date of Visit : Tuesday, mid july
.

"""



Good discovery hampotato.

Seems it used to be T&H beauty services, T & H Beauty Service Pty Ltd - Located in Sydney Cbd (NSW) : Beauty Salons : AussieWeb Local Search


Floor: #18
Post Time: 5th October 2014, 01:48 PM
Poster ID: hampotato
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
No worries fartichoke.

It actually has been there for over 4 years I would say. At least 4 years for sure.

I remember a girl called Kitty, who used to work here. I am looking for her to see her again as she was lovely fun.


Floor: #19
Post Time: 20th February 2017, 06:31 PM
Poster ID: LUNGOR
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
This shop has now got a new owner. Still called Hong Kong massage I suppose, it's run by a friend of a friend, got 4 fully enclosed rooms, no shower but quite well appointed, sorry , didn't get the updated phone number, next time !

Cheers


Floor: #20
Post Time: 20th February 2017, 11:48 PM
Poster ID: LUNGOR
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hi MODs

Please kindly add the new shop phone number to the thread title :

0426-600-653

Many thanks 

Cheers


Floor: #21
Post Time: 22nd March 2017, 03:55 PM
Poster ID: LUNGOR
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Dear MODs,


This shop is under new management and has changed its name to Golden Rose, please update the title of the thread accordingly.

Thanks and regards

Cheers

Lungor






Golden Rose CBD Massage

Tel: 0426 600 653 

Address: Shop 1, 339 Sussex St, Sydney (come thru James lane, on the back of Emporio building right next to police station)

open 3⃣6⃣3⃣ days of the year and closed only for Christmas day and New Year day.
10:00am -- 10:00pm


Floor: #22
Post Time: 27th March 2017, 12:32 PM
Poster ID: LUNGOR
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Ruby

Establishment : Golden Rose CBD Massage - shop signs still said New Hong Kong Massage

Date of Visit : 25 March 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Shop 1, 339 Sussex St Sydney, entrance of shop at corner of James lane/Harbour Street

Hours of Business : daily 10am - 10pm

Rates : $40, $55, $70 for 30/45/60 min

Age : mid 20's

Size/shape : a fuller size curvy girl, say a size 10, all natural big round firm C Cups

Nationality or Ethnicity : Vietnamese girl

Services Provided : firm massage and a nude HJ

Value for money/recommend? : very happy and cheerful young lady, very bubbly and excellent English, will return for a longer session as both part 1 and part 2 are both worthy of more time.

My experience/comments : 


Wasn't going to punt again this week but a good win from the Broncos put some cash back into my Sportsbet account so why not. Only possible to visit some CBD shops and none of those busty girls are available by browsing the rosters so I thought I just leave it to fate and just walk towards China and see if any of those shops have a hidden gem or two.

First up was Golden Rose, Emma has posted some really inviting sexy photos during the week with some seriously busty girls, she hasn't posted any roster today so not sure what talents she has but hey, I have not done a walk in for a very long time, let's do the rounds this time !

For people who never been to the new Golden Rose or the old New Hong Kong Massage, this shop is actually on the other side of Sussex Street. you can walk down James Lane from Sussex Street or if you are coming down from Liverpool, you go all the way to the bottom and turn right at Harbour Street and it's at the far end corner. yes, it's kind of close to the Police Station, but police don't really care about massage shop, it's the council which cause any issue if any.

All the old New Hong Kong Massage signages are still there. Push open the door hoping to see Emma's familiar face but no, a young Asian girl is behind the counter and she was wearing the same two pieces sailor girls uniform showing the bare mid section and she has a deep V open front showing two half moon tits and I was like, OK, can I see you now !!

But of course, I said Hi instead and asked if Emma is around, she said she is but she has gone out and will be back about half an hour. I said, OK, are you busy at the moment can I have a massage. She said, would you like to meet the other girls too, I said sure.

This young lady lead me into the far end room and closed the door behind her. a few seconds later another young girl pops in and say hi, she is young, and very petite, not really my type, so I didn't really get her name either. She went out and another young girl came in. And her name is Isabella, now this girl is quite pretty, long hair, tall and slim body, long long legs, I can just see that she would be very popular with a lot of punters, but again, she is too slim for my liking and probably only an A cup, so, sorry, very nice to meet you but I think I have made up my mind.

Then the receptionist lady came back and ask which girl I like to see, I said, I like to see you, OK, how long? I said just 30 min, that will be $40, I said you give a discount for AUS99 members right? oh yes, you get $5.00 off. I hand over $40 and said don't worry about the change, and what is your name, my name is Ruby and thank you.

The room is ready so I started taking my clothes off while waiting for Ruby to return. Ruby came back with started some chit chat with me, she is Vietnamese Chinese but speaks very little chinese so we speak English the whole time, she is a student and has been here 3 years hence the very good English and she said she like to talk to her customers to practice her English. A really bubbly and happy nature girl, so I handed over another $50 and said this is your tips. Oh, thank you so much. So you go to Emma's shop regularly, I said, this is the first time to this shop, but I have been to her other shops.

Do you like firm massage (with her hands giving my neck and shoulder a firm press down) or this (she runs her finger tips on my bare bottom with a quick tease !), I like her style, no mucking around - may be my tip up front has broken the ice and a good move. I was so tempted to go straight into the play bit but my neck and shoulder actually can use a good massage today, so I said, a hard massage first please. 

A Hard Massage followed by a soft play ?? she said with a smile, I said, I leave that to your capable hands !!

And what a pair of capable hands Ruby has. I can tell that she is either properly trained or she is very experienced. but either way, her massage was very good and firm, using just a little touch of oil and my neck and shoulder and upper back just feel so relaxed and great after perhaps 10 min of decent part 1.

And I need not wait long before Ruby's teasing hands and fingers find their way down to my butt and my upper legs and in between. As I could feel that my manhood is expanding, I sort of twisted and turned a little bit to make myself more comfortable, Ruby lightly snap across my butt and said you are getting naughty ! I said it's all your fault, you are teasing me and I am just responding like a man ! I can see that you are a hard man, would you like to turn over please !

I got up and have some water while Ruby took like two seconds to remove her tops (with this uniform, apparently she is not wearing any bra inside and I think that could be the same for the other girls as some of the photos were showing a pair of bottom boobs as well !) Another 5 seconds and her little skirt and panty are gone too. Now, that's woman, big round tits, big round Ass and curvy all over, my kind of girl as I like meat. But just a word of warning to all those brothers who like them petite and slim, Ruby may not be your cuppa, you will be better off seeing Isabella ! she's a babe for sure. too bad she's a skinny babe..............lol

So I came towards Ruby and we have a hug, I pressed my hard cock on her tummy and rub there a bit. there is just a tiny vertical narrow mirror in the room so I can't do my usual play and watch tits thing with Ruby, so I lay back down on the table and let Ruby do her thing. At first glance, those big round tits look too firm to be natural but after my very thorough inspections with both hands I am very confident in declaring that they are 100% natural, Ruby's left nipple is already full erected but her right one was still hiding inside her boobs. I have a play on the erected left nipple and said, very nice and it's hard already. Ruby used her hand to pull out her right nipple and said, it's a little shy but it get hard too. And it did, but nipples are not fully out and erected and very responsive. Ruby's hands are now all over my cock and balls and I was enjoying it, Ruby is one of the more playful ML I have seen in recent times and she is fully shaven down there but with a few days growth. she has a very round and tight butt which I have to squeeze, but it was so tight and firm that I couldn't really change their shape with my hand squeeze, I have much better luck with her tits. Full C Cups are my assessment, Spanish ?? should I ask first or just do it. I must say, up to this point, Ruby hasn't use her tits for any B2B so it was a bit awkward to try to tits fuck her. Much easily when the busty ML initiated the breasts slide and put your cock between her tits - well, if she is breasts sliding your cock, there is no stopping you from turning that into a tits fucking isn't it ??

So I asked Ruby to come up to the massage table, I need her whole body (her two legs basically) to be between my legs and that takes a bit of juggling around but she got there and I tried to low her upper body on to my cock so that I can fuck her tits but again, it was a bit of a struggle as she wasn't sure what I was doing, eventually we reached the correct height and spanishable position so I could slide my cock between her round boobs and I tried to push her tits together to form the cleavage of lust ! OK, I think now she gets what I was trying to do. Don't think she actually approved it but she let me have my way for about a minute and I few that I need more oil to reach completion but as I asked for more oil, Ruby got off the table and laughed and said you are too naughty ! and then snapped on my upper leg a couple of times, she got some more oil alright but she doesn't go back up to the table, I didn't want to push for the issue so might as well just enjoy her HJ before upsetting her. to be honest, Spanishing with C cups is not ideal, you really need D Cups, DD or bigger to be effective and C Cups are OK if they sag a bit and soft so that I can wrap the tits around my cock, with Ruby's firm C Cups, it's harder and not so sensual. But totally OK when I was squeezing it as I got close.

Ruby's hands are good, in fact really really good and she holds my cock in a unique way, not holding it to jerk off the usual way but imagine this: my cock is upright inside her hand and between her second and middle finger, so when I cum, I shot out between her two fingers - it's a bit unusual but different, and variety is the spice of life isn't it. and Ruby holds on to me for another two full minutes until I give her a tap on her hands before she let go.


A quick clean up and I was off my way. Ruby is someone with a great attitude, she seems to enjoy doing her job which is a big tick if you want to have a good time with a bubbly young lady who can communicate in good English. just make sure you are ok with the larger size.

Highly recommended.

Cheers


Floor: #23
Post Time: 8th April 2017, 08:22 PM
Poster ID: Dr Hong
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Guccie

Establishment : Golden Rose CBD Massage

Date of Visit : 31 March 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Shop 1, 339 Sussex St Sydney, entrance of shop at corner of James lane/Harbour Street

Hours of Business : daily 10am - 10pm

Rates : $55 45min + $50 extras

Age : mid 20's

Size/shape : 6

Nationality or Ethnicity : Taiwan

Services Provided : Massage and nude HJ

Recommended: For part 2, yes

I did a bit of internet searching for a shop with nice looking you ML's and ended up here. I walked in and two ML's were available. Both young and attractive. There was something about Guccie so she was my choice for a 45min massage.

In the room she asked if I had been here before. I lied "yes". After taking my money she quickly returned and hung up my clothes as I undressed, and she was very comfortable with me standing there naked. Good sign.

Massage was ordinary. I think she has at least been trained, but she just isnt very good at it. Mainly pressing, nothing particularly therapeutic about it. When she was at the head of the table I stroked her legs and ass and she giggled a bit. The massage at least it was very light on oil. Good for workers like myself who need to get back to the office. I wasnt sure if she used any oil at all until she left the room after about 25mins for a hot towel to wipe me down. After this she lightly brushed the inside of my legs for a bit, before asking about extras. The usual pricing of $50 for naked was agreed. She stripped, put some talc powder on my back and gave a nice body slide, kissing my neck a bit while stroking under my cock. It was having the desired effect. Time to turn over.

I finally got a chance to see her naked, and this alone was worth the fee! Guccie is a beautiful and very attractive girl with dyed blond hair. Size 6 with a-cup breasts, perfect skin, and a large tatt on her hip and belly button bar. Very well trimmed downstairs with just a bit of a landing strip. She continued the body slide, kissing my nipples and neck and gave a very brief pussy slide, before sitting on top of me to start the HJ. She was happy for me to explore all of her body, although I never pushed any limits. She was starting to get quite wet by the time it was mission accomplished, although her moaning was clearly fake it wasnt too badly overdone. Clean up, hug and out the door. I usually like a good massage as well as the other stuff, but if I am in the mood just for a release I will definitely return. To be honest Ive never tried just a half hour session with a ML and gone straight to part two. That would have been perfect. She mentioned she works here Thurs and Fridays.


