Thread Title: Great Natural Massage Centre - Lvl 2, 392-394 Sussex St, Sydney - 02 9269 0928
Floor: #1
Post Time: 28th June 2010, 02:04 PM
Poster ID: Rubrick
Post Title: 
 Great Natural Massage Centre - Lvl 2, 392-394 Sussex St, Sydney - 02 9269 0928
				
Post Content: 
I took myself off to the Great Natural Massage Centre, 2F/392-394 Sussex St in Chinatown recently. 

Being on the street the daytime entry isn't most discreet but once you're upstairs there's no problems.  

Now I'd heard about the rate being $30 for 30 min with $20 for extra, but mamasan demanded and received $40 without much of a word.  Chinese or Thai?  she asks.  Chinese. I say.  And she escorts me to my room.

The rooms are small and purpose built and the flannel sheets surely aren't changed after every visit.  It's a bit of a turn off, but I'm here now so what the hell.

Kiki comes in empties half a bottle oil and begins work.  Kiki's not much of a looker but a tight body and a happy smile.  Well, it was a poor massage lasting only for a few minutes before she starts asking if I want hand relief.  How much?  $20.  Okay.  No clothes? I ask.  No she says.  Well, my $20 didn't buy much technique or time but it did buy a bit of a feel, small A-cuppers under her top and under a heavily padded bra.  Cleanup was tissues with no shower on offer.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 28th June 2010, 04:47 PM
Poster ID: Chalk010
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Sounds very uninviting, I had not heard of thsi place and maybe I think I will leave it left that way.

Thanks for warning me off.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 3rd July 2010, 01:00 PM
Poster ID: Nickolai12
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hi, i'd read somewhere else that there are, or at least were, a couple of hot thai girls working there.  Rates you're right $30 for 30 or 60/60, $20 for RNT and another $20 for naked girl.  Did you happen to see any of the other girls working there?
Thanks for the heads up mate


Floor: #4
Post Time: 17th October 2010, 07:42 PM
Poster ID: afcom123
Post Title: 
 Massage Parlor
				
Post Content: 
Establishment and/or person's Name: Massage Parlor

Contact Details/Address: 370(?) sussex st, Sydney

Hours of Business: NA

Prices: $45 for 45 minutes. $60 for 60 minutes

Age: 25-35

Size/shape: Slim to fattish

Nationality or Ethnicity: Thai

Services: Full massage. Topless $30. And u get a free shower + hot towel at end of it

Value for money/recommend?: Good value

My experience/comments: The massage was average, but for $60 for an hour. you cant go wrong. I didnt get to choose girl. there was 3 there.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 17th October 2010, 08:52 PM
Poster ID: Flyboy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Afcom123: 370 Sussex Street, rouhgly where in along Sussex Street is that? It's not the one near the cnr of Goulburn Street, walk into a narrow doorway and up two flights of stairs, is it?

Also, happy ending along with the topless I presume...


Floor: #6
Post Time: 17th October 2010, 11:58 PM
Poster ID: afcom123
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Its across the road from Seven 11 and a few doors down. Small doorway leading up 2 flights of stairs, above a Chinese herbal shop. It has a yellow sign.

I got a chubbier girl there (Phan's her name i believe - she had a strong accent and it was hard to tell) - she was willing and friendly though. Im not a fan of chubbier girls so i would  decline her massage again.

Ive heard its a happy ending for another $30. I didnt go it because i wasnt very attracted to her.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 18th October 2010, 09:19 AM
Poster ID: Hohnerboy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
hmmm

$60 for 60 mins
+30 topless
+30 hj
=$120, for a bit of a hit and miss joint.
IMHO for that money there are heaps of places where satisfaction is almost guaranteed


Floor: #8
Post Time: 18th October 2010, 10:32 AM
Poster ID: Flyboy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Think I've been here, and think I recall the name being a little bit misleading... certainly wasn't a great massage!

And I'd agree with Hboy - not great value at all. Luckily there are plenty of reviews here to help you find better value for your massage money.

But, Afcom123, are you saying you went for the $30 topless option but not the happy ending? That sounds like a first!


Floor: #9
Post Time: 18th October 2010, 09:11 PM
Poster ID: BadAussieBoy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Visited this place a couple of times many moons ago...would only go back as a last resort.

As Flyboy & Hohnerboy suggest...there is much better value out there.


Floor: #10
Post Time: 18th October 2010, 09:43 PM
Poster ID: Flyboy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Speaking of happy endings...




It's not as funny all the way through to the end, but anyway....


Floor: #11
Post Time: 19th October 2010, 09:34 AM
Poster ID: afcom123
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Well i went before i discovered this forum. before this forum i thought it was great value, most massages i got were about $90 for 60 minutes (for the fancier clean massage joints) but after readng every single other review its expensive. Ill be looking at other options.


Floor: #12
Post Time: 1st November 2010, 11:34 PM
Poster ID: dj_apau
Post Title: 
 Massage @ China Town
				
Post Content: 
Establishment and/or person's Name: April

Contact Details/Address: 2F/392-394 Sussex St Sydney

Hours of Business: (if known or applicable)

Prices: $60/hour

Age: 25

Size/shape: Slim/32A Size

Nationality or Ethnicity: Chinese

Services:Massage, HJ

Value for money/recommend?: OK

My experience/comments: 
Went to this place last week. When entered the place, there were 3 WLs. This Chinese girl stood up and straight away ask me to go inside the room. 

 We went to the room and asked how long I want the massage for - I replied 30 mins and might continue if good. Massage was good - she asked whether I wanted a soft or strong massage, I said strong massage. After 30 mins gone, she said it's done. I said "massage was good, I want to extend another 30 mins", she replied, OK no problem. 

Now facing up, she started massage my shoulder, and legs and started to touch my balls. after about 15 minutes, she asked me "Do you want happy ending?" I said "how much?" she replied "$30". Then I said "yes"

So she started doing the HJ and I asked her to BJ she refused it. I also asked her to take her top off, again she refused, only HJ she said 

very gentle and nice HJ - ended up with hot towel

Might go back to try the Thai girls


Floor: #13
Post Time: 30th December 2010, 02:16 AM
Poster ID: BadAussieBoy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Winkie (yep, that's right, Winkie!)

Establishment: Great Natural Massage Centre

Contact Details/Address: 2nd Floor, 392 Sussex St Sydney CBD

Hours of Business: Opens 9 or 10am perhaps, closes around 11pm

Prices: $40 1/2 hr, $60 1hr

Age: Early 20's

Size/shape: Slim

Nationality or Ethnicity: Chinese

Services: Massage, HJ, clothes off

Value for money/recommend?: Maybe/yes (if you get Winkie)

My experience/comments: After my dissapointment at Tang Massage earlier, I decided to try my luck at this joint after a long absence.

Got the next ML off the rank, Winkie. Cute girl, English is quite good, been here for about 18 months, doing a beauty course. She has quite an engaging personality.

Took the 1/2 hr option. She started with a reasonable medium massage. Not great, but compared to my prior massage at Tang it was great!!! 

After about 10 mins of back and neck massage, Winkie asked if I wanted a HJ, $20, accepted. She offered to take her clothes off for $50. All clothes off? Yes. Touching allowed? Yes. $50 includes the HJ? Of course! Deal done.

Winkie peeled off her clothes but did keep her g-string on. She has a sexy little body, a cups but nice shape. And a cute little butt.

She got to work on little BAB. Great technique, starting with a bit of teasing, then getting into a rythym, and easing off a bit for the tease factor, then ramping it up again. She put on a bit of a PSE in fact, really encouraging me to massage her tits and arse, and although she didn't remove her g-string she pulled them to one side and started working on herself. She would only allow me to touch her pussy through the g-string, but the sight of her going to town on herself combined with her handy HJ technique got me over the line.

All up $90 for 30 mins would get you reasonable FS at some places, so compared with that it wasn't the best value in town. But if your not really a FS guy like myself, then Winkie is not a bad option.

Rate the experience 7/10.

Cheers,

BAB


Floor: #14
Post Time: 1st January 2011, 09:42 PM
Poster ID: photo1
Post Title: 
 Great Natural Massage Centre, 2F/392-394 Sussex St, Sydney
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: unknown, did not offer name, didn't ask.

Establishment (if applicable): Great Natural Massage Centre

Contact Details/Address: 2F/392-394 Sussex St, Sydney  (next to a real estate agent)

Hours of Business: First visit, unknown.

Prices:
30 Minute massage $30
60 Minute massage $60

Age: 25-29

Size/shape: petite, skinny

Nationality or Ethnicity: Thai

Services: Massage no extras

Value for money/recommend?: Decent massage, not great

My experience/comments: Went by this afternoon, three girls were there. The signage out front is mostly covered from NYE posters. I was shown to a room and asked to prepay, no extras were mentioned or offered. There were signs everywhere, I saw 3, that said "no sexual services". I received a decent massage, requested uncovered, but there was no funny business at all.

Overall I was relaxed after, but disappointed. I thought this place offered more, maybe I should have pushed harder, but the signs everywhere just turned me off.


Floor: #15
Post Time: 16th February 2011, 07:02 PM
Poster ID: Max417
Post Title: 
 Great Natural Massage
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Not sure

Establishment :Great Natural Massage

Date of Visit:1 Feb 2011

Contact Details/Address/Weblink:

Hours of Business: 

Rates:$ 60 for one hour

Age: 25-30

Size/shape: Nice athletic

Nationality or Ethnicity: chinese

Services Provided:One hour massage with a HJ to finish of.  The HJ was an extra $20.

Value for money/recommend?:Very good Value for money

My experience/comments: The establisment was not in the best state of repair.  It was rundown.  The massage room was small - probably too small as the girl had difficultly getting around the table.

Having said all that the massage was good and the price was right.  The HJ was one of the best that I have had.

Would I return? Not sure...due to the rundown nature of the place.


Thread Title: Great Natural Massage Centre - Lvl 2, 392-394 Sussex St, Sydney - 02 9269 0928
Floor: #16
Post Time: 24th April 2011, 07:08 PM
Poster ID: xander
Post Title: 
 392-394 Sussex Street
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: 

Establishment : Chinese Medicine and Herbal Centre

Date of Visit: 24 April 2011

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: http://www.aussietrueblue.com/great-natural-massage.php

Age: 23

Size/shape: slim

Nationality or Ethnicity: Chinese

Services Provided: Massage ONLY

Value for money/recommend?:

Its holiday and I needed an outlet of the stress so i decided to look up different places on the web - went to 107 quay street but it was closed, the two across the street no longer exist so i decided to give this one a try.

It says that it is still open so i went in - and then there were a few chinese girls inside playing majong, place is quite clean, previous research indicates that this place may have extra services so i went in, even though on the door it says "relaxation massage only, no sex services". 

the girl was young - and quite pretty. I went in with a mindset that i may or may not get any special services. Service was quite good, she has a good smile from beginning to the end, and at the end of the 30 mins, i knew where her home city is, she's married and what she's studying. but there was no sex 

All in all a present experience but :/ if you are looking for anything extra, you may want to look elsewhere. or maybe I just got unlucky.


Floor: #17
Post Time: 25th April 2011, 02:02 PM
Poster ID: badnews99
Post Title: 
 Great Natural Massage Centre
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: No idea, don't think i even asked (Chinese late 30's)

Establishment : Great Natural Massage Centre (Not so great if you ask me)

Date of Visit: March 2011

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: 2F/392-394 Sussex St Sydney Chinatown
http://www.aussietrueblue.com/great-natural-massage.php

Hours of Business: 10am-10pm

Rates:30 Minute massage $30
60 Minute massage $60
Happy ending/hand relief $20
Girl naked $20 (Cost me more than that)

Age: Late 30's

Size/shape: Small, 34b's (Probably fake)

Nationality or Ethnicity: Chinese

Services Provided: Erotic Massage

Value for money/recommend?:No way

My experience/comments: This is a horrible place, if you take anything out of this review I'd say skip it. Read online the rates and thought it would be a cheap RnT. Massage was OK, but horrible little converted rooms, sound travels for miles. Signs up all over the walls saying "No Sexual Services" Great I thought, wasted $60 already. She got me all worked up and then negotiated for the release. She quoted me $60 extra for her to be naked, I'm not the best haggler with my pants down so reluctantly agreed. IT was OK in the end but a little too much for this place IMO.
Won't be back


Floor: #18
Post Time: 4th July 2011, 12:37 AM
Poster ID: angry
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
this place is the first  place i ever got extras and use to have really sweet thai girls. but last two times they only seem to have 30something chinese women who aren't very hot. very cheap but very nasty, would avoid as badnews99 says, it's really not good at all. last time i went i declined the extras. and i'd be amazed if there aren't horrible germs everywhere


Floor: #19
Post Time: 30th August 2011, 06:12 PM
Poster ID: JB
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Found myself in Haymarket today and following on from Searays experience in another thread thought I'd sus out some of the Chinese doctors in the area to see if they'd be any good for another issue I had. First door I saw was on Liverpool Street, Dr Lisa Wang. Before I new it found myself being used as a pin cushion, apparently the cure for all ailments!
After managing to extract the last pin and feeling $80 lighter, included the jar of herbs and entitlement to health fund rebate, I was out the door looking for something a bit more sensual.

Climbed the 2 floors to this place and parted with $40 for 45 minutes. In came a cute Thai girl, 29 yo about 5'7 and tight body. I think her name was Ellie, quickly asked if wanted extras, $50 for clothes off and HJ. Agreed and proceeded with the massage, firm but short, turnover and nice nipples worth sucking....another $20 bucks!

Reasonable tug and happy ending but not worth returning....Will keep searching for Searays mystical Doctor of the tug....


Floor: #20
Post Time: 24th November 2011, 02:27 AM
Poster ID: hayamir
Post Title: 
 First review of Chinese massage - Great Natural Massage Centre
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Shirly

Establishment : Chinese

Date of Visit : 09/11/11

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Great Natural Massage Centre Lvl 2, 392-394 Sussex St

Hours of Business : 10 - 10

Rates : 60mins / $60 naked and HJ $70

Age : 23..ish

Size/shape : 8..

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : HJ and BJ

Value for money/recommend? : YES!! 

My experience/comments : 

It was sunday after night shift, had a good experience in Great Natural Massage Centre - Lvl 2, 392-394 Sussex St, Sydney - 02 9269 0928

First time visit after reviewed on the other internet forum.

Got 1 hr massage paid and after 30 mins asked for happy ending 
She was very talkative and showed a kind attitude, which was enjoyable as well.
Told me she doesn't do BJ, but HJ was good.

Finished with nice back massage and steam towels.
The place is not fancy but all over there seems nice.


Floor: #21
Post Time: 5th December 2011, 09:58 PM
Poster ID: justdane
Post Title: 
 great natural massage
				
Post Content: 
Name : great natural massage
Address : 392 sussex street, sydney cbd 
Girl    : jennifer
age   : she said 23 years old
Background : chinese


she said she is taking a master degree in accounting at UTS which i am not to sure if its true. said that she is been here for 4 months. no boyfriend at the moment. i went to this place because i so a few reviews on the internet that this place is probably the cheapest one around to get a "hand relief". Went there today 5-12-2011 around 7 pm. there was an old man who came together with me. the receptionist were 2 Chinese girls. One super skinny, wearing a glasses, no boobs at all. the other one a bit chubby, but medium sized boobs. I thought they were the masseuse. Apparently  not. they called someone to come. 5 - 10 minutes later a girl came. her name is jennifer. super skinny, but has a cute face, very shy girl. she doesn't talk too much. she said, she only works there once in a while, because she is too skinny that is why her bos doesnt want the customer to be dissapointed. To make the long story short. there was nothing happened. probably because she is to shy to start. and i didn' t want to start because she seems to be a nice girl. But i will give this place another shot. I am going to ask for one of the thai girls next time i come. Sorry for my english. BTW, their rate is $40 for 30 mins and $60 for 60 mins.


Floor: #22
Post Time: 7th December 2011, 03:56 PM
Poster ID: Flyboy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hi Dane- thanks for the report, a shame it didn't end the way you wanted (and hey, sometimes with those "really nice girls" you just don't feel like pushing it, funny and maybe even silly I know but I've been there too')... anyway this place does have a rep for being a bit hit-and-miss so you're not Robinson Crusoe in striking out - maybe next time ask the papasan for a girl who does "full massage", with a smile and a wink.. Or just mime a handjob!!!


Floor: #23
Post Time: 9th December 2011, 12:03 AM
Poster ID: roflevo
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by JB1


Climbed the 2 floors to this place and parted with $40 for 45 minutes. In came a cute Thai girl, 29 yo about 5'7 and tight body. I think her name was Ellie, quickly asked if wanted extras, $50 for clothes off and HJ. Agreed and proceeded with the massage, firm but short, turnover and nice nipples worth sucking....another $20 bucks!

Reasonable tug and happy ending but not worth returning....Will keep searching for Searays mystical Doctor of the tug...
"""



can u confirm if $50 included massage as well or was it on top of massage price? confused with your price descriptions.


Floor: #24
Post Time: 9th December 2011, 09:43 AM
Poster ID: flygtfalcon
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Roflevo, 

reading the above, I would say $50 would be additional to the massage so a punt such as this would have cost JB1 $90 or $110 with nipple sucking

At all the PRC & Thai RNT places I have visited, there has been the same basic fee structure

FEE NO 1. base rate

These shops have a base fee varying from $30-55 per 1/2 hour & $55-$135 per hour
Often as you walk in the manager will ask how long you would like to stay,  your reply to this question will determine the amount you pay upfront, usually directly to the manager (the ML only gets a portion of this ranging from 25% to 50%)

FEE NO 2. Extras 

HJ $15 - $40
Bra & underpants on only $10 - $30
Fully nude $30 - $100
Body to body $50 - $100
Touching varies greatly on where and how deep you want to touch
etc...

Granting of any extras and appropriate fee's vary immensely and are usually at the discretion of the ml, some shops make it very clear the ml is not to do any extras so obviously with the extra risk for the ml the prices will undoubtedly be much higher than a shop that encourages extras.  Caution, if you discuss and pay for extras with the manager, the ML will only get a portion of the extras as well and will generally not give value for your punting dollar. 

eg. A ML working doing straight massages only at a $35 base fee shop with a 25% split is only getting earning a maximum of $17.5 per hour, and it is rare that the shop is busy the whole time she is there. It is not uncommon for them to walkaway with only $100 after an 8 hour shift.  You can see how they would want to up sell the extras.  Yeh! if it works for Mcdonalds & KFC why not.  

if it is your first time to a shop I recommend you pay the manager the absolute minimum base rate( you can always pay for additional time if you want) and asking the ML quietly about extras privately once in the room (while you are removing your clothes is a good time for this) having a fixed amount in mind ready for an extras package. eg. take out a $50 note and at the same time say "You are a very pretty girl, I like to pay you $50 for hj and all clothes off, OK? and have a variety of notes in your wallet, ML's don't give change for extras.  the ML will keep all this extras money and not split it with the shop, remember the total session cannot exceed the initial time you said to the manager.  If you are really only there for the extras (be honest) i suggest you start with them and if time permits finish with the massage.

Final tip, shower before you visit, dress appropriately and be polite, treat your ML well, be polite and grateful and for under $100 you can leave felling totally relieved.

Not all punts are successful but I have never walked from a punt. Once you have decided to walk into a shop, you just let the experience unfold, half the fun is in the suspense of trying a new shop. It is difficult to stay focus but please remember to ask some basic questions and provide the answers in a review for your punting brethren to share in your expedition.


Floor: #25
Post Time: 9th December 2011, 09:46 AM
Poster ID: justdane
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I am still thinking to give this place another try. I am still not 100% sure if she is really innocent or she was just playing innocent..But from the conversation that i had
she is pretty concern if the boss finds out that she gets complain from a customer. so maybe next time if i ever go and ask for her again i would tell her what i want from the beginning and if she says no. i 'll pretend to cancel the massage and try to leave. maybe that way  i would know her real face..


Floor: #26
Post Time: 10th December 2011, 05:10 PM
Poster ID: Flyboy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Sounds like a good strategy, Dane!


Floor: #27
Post Time: 6th April 2012, 12:26 PM
Poster ID: DrBob
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Date of visit: 6-April-2012
This is not a story of love. It certainly is not a story of love between me and Michelle (392-4 Sussex Street city, $40/60, $60/60). I knew it was not to be when I saw the table with the hole in the middle, and Michelle asked me to stand up so that she could cover it with a sheet. Another dead give away was that Michelle was MILFish (without the LF element), although not particularly bad looking, just nothing to bring home to Mum. Her English was ok, but in discussion, the topic - after passing through my girlfriend - progressed onto what I think of Chinese property prices, a topic she just wouldn't let go of. She suggested a modest payment of $40 for nude and HJ, but I certainly didn't want to see any of her clothes coming off. She has a stocky build, with a non-trivial tummy. I think I have been spoiled by the firm, taught and terrific girls of 501, but also by girls that I meet with outside of punting. No,love was not to be. This was to be a transaction and nothing more.*Instead, we negotiated $20HJ, including touching (which turned out to be limited).*

Although I was allowed to touch, once the prodding of her nether regions became significant, she told me that she has a boyfriend, and touching there was to be only for him. Fair enough.

So with a lack of excessive beauty, the talk of property and an inability to make substantive touching headway in the Nether-world, I decided to close my eyes and think of England. Now, England is a beautiful place, so once the lovely Michelle realised my mind was away in that serene plot, that sceptred isle, that Jerusalem, her awareness of my astral travel rendered her speechless, which allowed both me and her to concentrate on the task at hand.

Technically competent and pleasurable, but certainly not the best HJ I've had. Nonetheless, with a shake, a spirt and a sigh, I was over the line. Post cleanup, with a warm towel - unexpected for this grot-hole - Michelle undertook some perfunctory touching to round out the half-hour, but *decided I wanted none of that, enrobed* again, said my thank yous and farewells, and buggered of into the Good Friday sun.

Strangely enough, on my way in, there were two very hot locally born Asian babes heading in. My heart wishes they were looking for work, but my head suspects they were shopping.

[* I really hope that enrobed is the opposite of disrobed, because I certainly don't want to give the impression that I'm climbing into a wardrobe ]
*


Floor: #28
Post Time: 18th April 2012, 11:22 AM
Poster ID: DrBob
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Date of visit: 17th April, 2012
Cost: $40/30 mins, tipped her $10, who knows why!

This is a review of media. Mia ... is a MILF; what more can I say. Maybe it was the rain, maybe just a general lack of horniness, but as soon as I saw Mia, I knew that it was not to be.
The massage was competent, but average. The tackle tickle was there, but subtle, and I did not respond. I did not touch her. Too many layers of clothes, too MI(n)LFish.
Fortunately, I only went  for half an hour. I settled in for the massage, and tried to relax. One turnover, at least the massage was relaxing. This place is really it hit and miss. I think from now on I'm going to miss it.


Floor: #29
Post Time: 5th May 2012, 09:33 AM
Poster ID: flygtfalcon
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Great Natural Massage Centre 
Lvl 2, 392-394 Sussex St, Sydney 
02 9269 0928


How do you get there?
On Sussex street, if your heading North from Chinatown its on your right hand side, a few blocks before Townhall.
If you are not careful you could easily walk past it.
Basically a doorway and long coridor, with stairs leading up past a chinese herbal type shop on the first floor and up to the second floor. 
The entry and exit from Sussex St is not as discrete as many of us would like

What was the place like?
Very basic converted shop-top office suite.
Reception desk and waiting area (not for customers but for the girls) with lounge as you walk in. 
Next cab off the rank type setup

How did it all happen?
Same old story, Thursday evening, I can assure you that spending some time in this part of the city with all the cute asian girls around will definately get you in the mood, but I'm a bit lazy and couldn't be bothered walking all the way up to Sunshine Massage for a special treat, so decided to pop in here instead and try my luck.

Walked straight in, up the stairs, into the reception area, one of the 3 girls jumped up, and ushered me straight into a room.  All this was like clockwork and happened within seconds, without any furthur discussion.


Were there other girls there?
There were 3 girls of varying ages, this place is a next cab off the rank type shop so it may be a little awkward to specify which girl you want to see unless you are a regular. The place seemed very quiet, no other customers were there for the duration of my visit.

What about the girl?
A very cute asian girl, she said she was Chinese and 22 years old and studing at UTS, I tend to believe her.

Medium (standard asian girl height) with nice long straight black hair slim body and nice shapely legs and rear.
Nice smooth white skin, probably 'a' cup but looked like ‘b’ or small 'c' with the obviously padded bra.

Wearing a short very thin blue and white horizontal striped skirt and plunging neckline t-shirt style top, you could easily see she was wearing a g string by the way the skirt clung to her rear.  She was carrying a large 'hot pink' handbag with I'm guessing carried all the items she uses for extras. 

She said I was to be her last customer as she is scared going home when it gets too late, she tried telling me about some incident recently where a male asian student was attacked recently.

If you want to see her I suggest you visit before 6:00pm 

What was her name?
I always introduce myself first, then asked for her name, she said "you call me angel"  while the name suited this sweet looking girl, I can assure you thats not her real name.  What the hell, Angel it is.


What was provided & Quality??
A 2 minute light touch/ massage to get stared, and the remaining 30mins spent on a very enjoyable HJ to finish. 
Multiple and varing techniques for my pleasure, she seemed a little un-experienced but stayed focussed with eye contact, while I played with her arse under her skirt.
She definatelly caught me off guard with her grand finale, she had an interesting technique where she held the shaft down with some pressure hard against my legs, restricting the blood flow with her left hand, then frantically rubbed and stroked just the head for several minutes which resulted in a massive eruption which I felt through my whole body,  I was aching for her to release me, but the blood was trapped, the head was still engorged which she continued to frantically rub, it seemed like she was trying to make me go again she wouldn't let go, I never thought I would say the words but "please can you stop".  Its that strange feeling of both pleasure and pain at the sme time.  I now understand what the song was describing.




Price?
I always negotiate in the same way regardless of the shop, I handed her $30 and said "for your boss", then handed her a $20 note, and said for you, don't worry too much about the massage, I'm here for HJ.
she said her boss needs $40.  not one to argue over $10 which I handed over.

This was a ½ hour quality HJ with a very draining ending from a very cute young asian girl in a clean relaxing environment for $60 total spend.

This truely is the lucky country.

Any extras available?
Seemed a little reluctant to discuss extras,  moved my hand back to her arse and said "leave here, no!! front" when it was conviniently wandering.
Maybe after a few visits and maybe $50 or $60 tip may be able to get her to remove her clothes and some light touching, who knows. 

Cleanup?
Tissues then a moist wipe.
Warm wet towel available but I never accept it regardless of the shop,


Would you go back?
Why not! cheap price, clean shop, great obliging girl.

I hope this review proves useful for my fellow punters.


Floor: #30
Post Time: 7th May 2012, 10:05 PM
Poster ID: 01craigj
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Rachel

Establishment : As above

Date of Visit : March 2012

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Great Natural Massage Centre Lvl 2, 392-394 Sussex St

Hours of Business : 10 - 10

Rates : 30mins / $35 +$50 naked HJ

Age : 24

Size/shape : 8-10, nice C breasts

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes!!

My experience/comments : Was tanked one Friday night and walking around the city, found this place and thought i would try it a bit. went upstairs and was greeted by an attractive chinese girl who led me to another room. worried that she was going  to get someone else, i said "is it you who will be doing it?" and she said "yes, this ok?". Yes, i said, that was great. Was a good massage actually, and really got into the tug, wouldn't do BJ though. But value for money and would visit again.


Thread Title: Great Natural Massage Centre - Lvl 2, 392-394 Sussex St, Sydney - 02 9269 0928
Floor: #31
Post Time: 13th October 2012, 03:25 PM
Poster ID: Mike934
Post Title: 
 Great Natural Massage Centre
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sarah

Establishment : Great Natural Massage Centre

Date of Visit : 4/10/12

Address : 2F/392-394 Sussex St Sydney Chinatown

Hours of Business : ?

Rates : 30 mins - $40

Age : 27

Size/shape : Tall athletic looking Thai Girl, with some fake size Ds

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : R&T

Value for money/recommend? : No! 

My experience/comments : To give you all some background, I am pretty new to this scene. After a particularly bad day at work, was feeling fairly randy. A quick google search led me to this place. It was the closest place to my location.

The entrance is a fairly seedy looking, with a rickety staircase leading up to the massage. Once I got in, there were a couple of women sitting around. They were very quick in jumping up and offering a massage. Picked a fairly pretty looking girl who took me into the room.

This place is an absolute dump. All the lighting is kept to a minimum, and I think that was a good thing. Who knows what you would have seen in proper lighting. 

Anyway, get to the room and the lady points to the table. I proceed to remove my clothes right in front of her (as I mentioned, I was feeling pretty horny) while i looked her straight in the eye. I then proceeded to lie down on the table.

Then began the massage. She started off with my shoulders and arms, and was doing a fairly good job of easing out the knots in my shoulders. After about 10 minutes though, she leans into my ear and quietly ask if I want extras. Naturally I said yes. She then says she will get someone, at which point I was like - Hold up... I seen the girls outside, and theres a reason I chose you. She then assured me that she would get someone really good looking.

A few minutes later, she walks in with Sarah. Tall looking girl with a great body and face. She then offers a nude "slide" for $50. I tell her I don't have that many and offer her $40 instead. 

So off comes her kit, but no slide... I ask her about it, and she feigns ignorance of what a body slide is, and indicates she only meant a handy. 

So I thought, eff it. I'll take it, but my hands are going to be roaming. She nods. 

Definitely a great young body that had me ready to rock.

She then proceeds to give me a very mechanical tug. After about 5 minutes she starts whinging about why I'm taking so long, the whole time i'm just getting more and more fed up. 

At 25 minutes, she promptly stops and starts getting dressed. I ask her what she's doing, and she says times up and just continues dressing. In my head, I'm thinking fuck this. So i proceed to finish myself off and ask for a hand towel to clean up.

Walk out more horny and pissed off than before.


Floor: #32
Post Time: 14th October 2012, 02:35 PM
Poster ID: wingsofdreams
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
That's hopeless mate... swapped ML in the middle of the massage and she doesn't even finish off... i'd have asked for money back...


Floor: #33
Post Time: 14th October 2012, 04:34 PM
Poster ID: Flyboy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks for sharing the sad tale, Mike 934: all punters have these bad experiences from time to time, which is why it's great that they can be shared on AXR.

A number of city Asian massage places are very much 'hit and miss' (Wishaway foremost among them), and this joint increasingly sounds like it's more 'miss' than 'hit' – I think I've been here twice, over the years, and both times it's been a huge let-down.

If it's any consolation, you're certain to have earned karma among AXR folk for your TOFTT effort, and we all hope your next punt results in a much happier ending!


Floor: #34
Post Time: 29th November 2012, 09:29 PM
Poster ID: Max417
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Not sure

Establishment :Great Natural Massage

Date of Visit:28 NOV 12

Contact Details/Address/Weblink:

Hours of Business:

Rates:$ 60 for one hour PLUS $ 60 for Nude paid upfront  - Paid with 3 x $50 and got NO CHANGE so $150.00

Age: 30

Size/shape: Short, Fat and unattractive
,
Nationality or Ethnicity: Chinese / Thai

Services Provided: One hour massage with a nude RnT

Value for money/recommend?: ABSOLUTLY NOT

My experience/comments: "My mother always said if you have nothing nice to say about someone than say nothing" 

However:  The establishment was not in the best state of repair. It was rundown. The massage room was OK as was the massage.  BUT for $150.00 of my hard earned dollars, it was NOT Worth it.  I thought I would try it again as a change......bad mistake.  I know I can get a lot for $150.00 - I left the place with a bad experience.

My Recommendation: Avoid it like the plague


Floor: #35
Post Time: 28th January 2013, 11:16 AM
Poster ID: Tin
Post Title: 
 Great Natural Masage Sussex St Sydney
				
Post Content: 
2F/392-394 Sussex St Sydney Chinatown

Person's Name : Lyn or something like that

Establishment : Great Natural Massage

Date of Visit : 23/01/2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 2F/392-394 Sussex St Sydney Chinatown

Hours of Business : 10am till 10 pm

Rates : $40/30 min $80/1 hour + $20 for happy ending + $20 to take clothes off

Age :about 27

Size/shape : slim, tall and big tits for a thai

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : massage, HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments :

Once again work trip, thought i'd try something on budget :-)
You need to take the stairs up to level 2 and when you enter the place looks dingy and is dingy!!

Its a luck of the draw at this place, been there a couple of times and the only experience worth remebering is Lyn.
If you get a thin looking thai woman, trust me turn around and leave. She is useless.


Lyn is hot looking, very tall for a Thai chick, nice ass and tits.

Ok so walk into the room and I was asked 30 min or 1 hour, i went for the 30 min option. she asked me to tka off my clothes and lie down.
The room is dingy, the table has a hole in the center to make it less painful if you get a hard while lying face down. They do put clean towles on the table in front of you.
I asked do you offer extras and she smiled and moved her hand in a jerking motion. I said exactly that. $20 and also offered to take her clothes off for $20 which i declined.
Great massage. little bit of teasing whilst you on the stomach and then its flip over time.

She used a fair bit of oil on my dick and trust me she can make you come in 10 seconds flat. incredible. I had to ask her to stop a couple of times else I would have blown my load too early.
After the deed she literally milks you till you tell her you are really done. The usual clean hot towel is provided to clean up.


Floor: #36
Post Time: 29th April 2013, 08:14 PM
Poster ID: DrBob
Post Title: 
 Alice at 392 Sussex
				
Post Content: 
THIS IS NOT A REVIEW
I tend to punt in unpredictable spurts (pardon the pun), and so - to maintain my silver status while complying with rules about age of reviews, this is NOT A REVIEW. I will place full reviews up soon after 1st July. Since who knows when I will punt next, and I have my 12 for this year, I need to start my clock going for the 12 I need in 2013/4.

So this is one of four oneliners I am posting to provide my fellow punters with some intel.
Great Natural Masage Sussex St Sydney, 2F/392-394 Sussex St Sydney Chinatown: Alice, Korean, late 20s/early 30s. Good technique, nice body and attitude. 29 April 2013


Floor: #37
Post Time: 29th May 2013, 07:56 PM
Poster ID: ABC_Bonker
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sarah 

Establishment : Great Natural Massage Centre 

Date of Visit : 29th May 2013 

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : L2, 392 - 394 Sussex Street, Sydney 

Hours of Business : 10am till late

Rates : $40 / 30 mins,  $25 HJ,  extra $80 for HJ,  nude and touching WTF? 

Age : looked mid to late 20's

Size/shape : B cup, slim,  light tan

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai 

Services Provided : Massage, HJ 

Value for money/recommend? : Noooo 

My experience/comments :

Despite the hit and misses reported on here,  I decided to try this massage place which was around the corner from my hotel. 

Negotiated the 4 flights of stairs to be met by a an attractive Thai girl,  tight body in sexy white shorts.  No one else to choose from.  Asked if Alice or Lyn around and she feigned ignorance at even knowing them.  I asked what her name was and she ignored my question and ushered me in a room  with a promise of a good massage.   Room was as described previously dark and dingy and I wondered if anyone can tell if the sheets were changed in the dimness.  After being quoted the strange pricing structure I opted for massage and HJ for $75.  This is when I made my second mistake, not having the exact change and handed her two pineapples. I was lying naked on the table (as requested) when she returned and no change was given. 

When the massage commenced I asked her name again and she answered Sarah.  By then having handed over the money and being naked on the bed it was too late to pull out.  She also said she was trained in the art of Nuru massage but no bodyslides or B2B on offer. The massage was ok,  a bit of TT and then asked to turn over.  She said she will give me a special no nude but touching allowed for the $100. By then I couldn't be bothered bartering over the change and agreed.  Felt  her up whilst she leant over me giving a rather mechanical HJ.  Had a tight,  young firm body but wouldn't allow touching of her pussy through panties.  :P

Finished and she cleaned me up with a slightly warmed towel. 

I won't be back though,  curiosity satisfied.


Floor: #38
Post Time: 28th August 2013, 07:09 AM
Poster ID: antares01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jenny

Establishment : Qualified & Professional MASSAGE on George (from brochure)

Date of Visit : 26 August 2013

Contact Details/Address : (02) 9269 0928  2/392 Sussex St Sydney

Hours of Business : Open 7 days till late (from brochure)

Rates : $40 (1/2 hour) $60 (1 hour) (from brochure)  Paid $100 1/2hr nude RnT

Age : 20s

Size/shape : slim 8B

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian

Services Provided : Nude RnT

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : Once again up many flights of narrow steep stairs, at least here there was only a couple of signs pointing up to L2 for massage.  At the top of the stairs you walk straight into a room which appears to me the ML living/waiting room.  2 girls in room, one in street clothes and the other (Jenny) in a slinky little pink number.  Jenny took me into a small dark room with a massage table - more on this table later - where we spent some time haggling over price for a 1/2 hr nude RnT.  Jenny kept saying boss gets $35 for room, she needs money and wants extra $100 for nude RnT.  In the end we came back to total $100 for half hour .  Jenny then told me I had to keep it quiet as boss mustn't know, yeah right.   I asked re sheet on table, Jenny told me it was changed after every customer and it look look clean - this time anyway.

Usual RnT routine, left to my own devices to get undressed and onto massage table.  Jenny comes back, strips off and gives me a very erotic light massage (no oil this time  after 708 George) with plenty of TT.  After the flip straight into HJ no massage on front.  HJ competent and quite good.

With her slinky little pink number removed, Jenny has a very nice slim about size 8 firm B cup body.

Almost forgot, the table ............. as it turns out the top is only connected to the legs by gravity, when you get up after your massage, in a stage of post orgasmic bliss, slightly light headed with slowed responses and crossed eyes and go to slide off the side of the table WATCH OUT.  The top separates from the legs, you separate from the table top somewhat earlier than you had intended and you, the table and the ML end up in a heap  against the wall no longer in a state of post orgasmic bliss


Floor: #39
Post Time: 5th October 2014, 03:11 PM
Poster ID: hampotato
Post Title: 
 Great Natural Massage Centre - Lvl 2, 392-394 Sussex St, Sydney - 02 9269 0928
				
Post Content: 
I've been here a few times over the years. Hard to find it in google but found it for the relevant details.

Person's Name : jennifer

Establishment : Great natural massage

Date of Visit : late july

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 2F/392-394 Sussex St Sydney

Hours of Business : 10 till late

Rates : 30mins / 35

Age : late 30's, early 40's

Size/shape : short, pretty good legs

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : R&T

Value for money/recommend? : yes

My experience/comments : 

I used to go to this shop sometimes, over the years.

This year returned and found a little surprise.

She is older, but sexy. I was happy to give her a go.

English is fine. Massage skills good! A very relaxing presence about her. She broke into song quite a bit, thai folk songs.

Even though she was sexy, the massage was so relaxing and the singing.... good luck for me to get horny that day.

She is nice. Gave her a little tip instead but HJ is on offer and NHJ would  be too.

Summary: Pretty, lovely, dresses sexy, good massage.


