Floor: #1
Post Time: 16th April 2016, 06:45 PM
Poster ID: Jonlad
Post Title: 
 Green Massage - 1/398-402 Sussex Street Haymarket - 9281 1686
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Nikki

Establishment : Green Massage

Date of Visit : 16/4/16

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 9281 1686

Hours of Business : Varies

Rates : 45/40min + $30 2 x HJ

Age : early to mid 20's

Size/shape : 6, small frame and a tight body

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai?

Services Provided : Massage HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Worth it


Took a trip to Sussex Street hoping to see my usual Chinese Milf who works a few blocks down in another joint but found it was closed. 

Decided to check out this place. Booked Nikki for a 40 minute rub. Darker skinned Thai girl with a tiny frame yet still athletic. Quite a cute and friendly girl. 

The place is pretty old and worn but the rooms and tables are clean. Just got Nikki to work my front and she used a Thai pressing style on my legs occasionally pressing right up around my piece. 

I was rock hard by the 20 minute mark and l asked her about a HJ. We agreed on $30 for two rounds. Didn't pursue a nude HJ but it would have likely been available. 

Nikki's small hands went to work on my piece and l got her to do it dry with out oil which was surprisingly nice. 

Light strokes around my groin followed whilst l recovered. On to round two and Nikki oiled up my rod and gave me a 'therapeutic' cock massage which got me fully erect. 

I sat up on the edge of the table, Nikki came and sat beside me with her legs over mine she proceeded to give me a most enjoyable release which l dumped on the floor. 


Worth a visit, probably won't return though. Nikki said she only works on a Saturday if you lads want to check her out.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 9th April 2017, 11:59 AM
Poster ID: Dangar
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jessica

Establishment : Sydney Massage 398

Date of Visit : Saturday 08/04/2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Level 1/398 Sussex St, Sydney, NSW.

Hours of Business : 7 Days From 10am - 11pm

Rates : $40/30, $50 nude HJ

Age : 35

Size/shape : Size 7, B cup, 155cm tall

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Massage + Nude HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Excellent HJ.

My experience/comments : I had a meal in the Sussex Centre Chinatown and while I was sitting looking out onto Sussex Street I thought about revisiting this place which is not really spoken about often. I walked over and up the lift to level 1. As soon as the lift opens you are at the reception of the shop and ‘Jessica’ the ML immediately stood up and greeted me. The place is a bit of a dump quite dark and I couldn’t see or hear anyone else there. Jessica was wearing a white nurse’s style dress. She is small and a bit curvy wearing glasses with her hair tied up. I was in two minds whether to stay or leave but I chose the 30 min option to see what she was like. Jessica is friendly and put some background music on. Her massage is good where I got her to massage my legs first while I lay on my back. Extras were discussed and she took her clothes off for $50. For her age she has a nice body. She is an older version in proportions to Cici/Tiffany if anyone knows her from the old Stanmore days at 252 Parramatta Rd. Jessica commenced the HJ with oil and it was great. Just the right amount of pressure, pace and twists. She is on par with some of the best HJ’s I have had. I touched her tits and ass which would be great to see in doggy style. Jessica talks dirty and looks at you in a sexy way that adds to the experience. In short I was in 15 mins of pure pleasure. I had an amazing build up to cumming which I haven’t experienced for a while and in the end I came a lot which she liked. I took a punt with this place and I will definitely see Jessica again who works nearly every day at this shop. I asked her for a shop card so I could post the phone number but she didn’t have any.   

Dangar


