Thread Title: Hong Kong Masage - L2 125 Bathurst St, Sydney CBD- 02 9267 8516
Floor: #1
Post Time: 21st July 2015, 10:20 PM
Poster ID: antares01
Post Title: 
 Hong Kong Masage - L2 125 Bathurst St, Sydney CBD- 02 9267 8516
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lita

Establishment : Hong Kong Massage

Date of Visit : 20 July 2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : L2 125 Bathurst St 02 9267 8516

Hours of Business : 10AM to 10PM 7 Days

Rates : $35/30min, $60/60min  There is a flyer at the front desk with 10 different service options like cupping and head massage but these 2 would be the most relevant.  Extras => $20 HJ or $50 Nude HJ. 

Age : Early 20's

Size/shape : Size 6, very slim, A cup, shaved

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Nude RnT

Value for money/recommend? : Pretty average, nothing special.  WIR? No.

My experience/comments : No reviews on this place, one question in silver, so thought I would TOFTT.  I am tired of this building, lights not working in the lift, very dodgy fire stairs and half the entrance foyer lights out .  I don't think I will be back for either shop (Thairapeutic on L1).  Not worth the risk of getting stuck in the lift or getting beaten up in the stairwell.

Wondered in on spec with no booking.  Mamasan plus Lita behind desk.  Usual question; you want massage?  Having established they charge standard rates, agree on 1 hour and Lita takes me into one of the 2 massage rooms.  Room is big and clean which is a good start.  Lita instructs me to get undressed and she will be back in a minute.  There is a lounge chair for me to drape my clothes over.  When Lita returns, I inquire re extras and surprise, surprise, standard 20/50 extras available so I opt of the 50 nude HJ option.  I give Lita a pineapple and hop onto the table.  Start off with a kneading massage for the first 10 minutes, Lita then applies some oil and the next half hour is a reasonable therapeutic massage with the occasional butterfly stroke thrown in and the odd light touch between the legs.  No reach through and no TT.  During the massage general chat elicits Lita is Thai, has only so-so English skills, has been here for 2 years, this shop has been open for a couple of months and she work there Mondays only.   
On the flip,  I note no pillow provided so I have to fold one of my arms under my head to be able to comfortably gaze on the now naked Lita.  It is quite funny as Lita clearly isn't interested in being touched as she stands on the same side of the table as the arm folded under my head.  If I swap arms then immediately Lita swaps sides. I also note Lita keeps well down the table as well.  Never mind, I respect her implied wish and keep my hands to myself.  There is a token front massage and then Lita applies some cold oil to little Ant and ................RIPS into a HJ  Yikes, this girl might be small and slender but she has a real death grip.  I had to intervene to preserve little Ant for the future.  Yes folks, regrettably Lita has absolutely no idea how to deliver a HJ, she only has one speed with a stroke rate similar to a model steam engine under full throttle  and a grip force equal to the best a full size Anaconda could achieve crushing a Capybara  .  As you can see, I did survive so as to be able to return to the fold and tell this tale but, ............ it was a close run thing.  

Cleanup with wipes then wet towel, no shower offered, nor did I ask as I was virtually speechless at this point,  out the door on the hour.

In summary, nothing special, much better around for the same $.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 22nd July 2015, 09:44 AM
Poster ID: antares01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Sorry Mods, just realised I forgot to include "Sydney CBD" in the title......... mea culpa


Floor: #3
Post Time: 22nd July 2015, 09:49 AM
Poster ID: nextlif
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Fixed


Floor: #4
Post Time: 8th May 2016, 03:14 PM
Poster ID: DeepImpact
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Finny

Establishment : Hong Kong Massage

Date of Visit : May 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Level 2, 125 Bathurst St

Hours of Business : 10am to late

Rates : $60 per hour

Age : Mature

Size/shape : Slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Hong Kong

Services Provided : Massage

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : 

In short this was the best massage I have ever had.

After a disappointing massage at QVB massage and most likely the last time I would ever go there as they get worse every time I go so it's time to go elsewhere.  Why someone like IRIS worked there I will never know, it's no wonder she left.

This place is inside an office building and is on level 2 which I took a lift to get to.  For anyone going there please be aware there is a Thai massage place on level 1 which could get confusing because near the left there is a sign that level 1 being the massage place but just press level 2 on the lift and you will be fine as it is only the massage place on level 2.

I had walked past that place a lot of times but only paid attention when I walked past one night and a rather attractive girl walked out of the building and took a delivery of food and went back in.  I didn't want to be a stalker and follow her in so I decided to check the place out once I had time.

When I went there they didn't offer a choice of girls but I didn't ask either as it was my first time there and I wanted a massage more than other things.

The routine seems to be to go to the room, get ready and lay down on the table and wait for the ML.  The room walls don't go all the way to the ceiling which is kind of strange.  The ML entered and she is mature, slim and friendly.  She asked me if I wanted to try back stepping which I wasn't too keen on but she convinced me anyway.  She focused a lot of legs and feet whilst she was standing on me as she hung to the bars above for balance.  It felt surprisingly good to start with and just got better.  I have to say this lady has incredible control and power with her feet.  It was kind of painful but relaxing at the same time.  It's difficult to describe but I could really feel the blood flowing in any of the areas that she focused on and my skin was tingling as she moved around.

After a long time with her standing on me she got down and continued with the massage which was excellent as well, she really knows how to find the spots and what to do when she locates them.  

Quite simply this was the best message I have ever had and I highly recommend her especially the part where she stands on you.  Give her a try and I doubt the massage will be disappointing.  There is also a relief option at the end for the 99.99999999999% of guys who might be interested.

Is she the normal type of lady they have working here as she is mature?  I don't know but when I was leaving there was a much younger girl that walked past me that looked very nice so they might have a good mix.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 27th August 2016, 06:23 AM
Poster ID: curly69
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I walked past this place on my way to Encasa to grab a bite and I noticed another sign for Japanese massage. I was with a work mate so couldn't take to much interest. So yet another option in this neck of the woods. Next will give it a go.

Sometimes wonder how they make a quid with so many others around- must be heaps of horny buggers in Sydney


Floor: #6
Post Time: 27th August 2016, 08:44 AM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Theres 2 hong kong massage shops here in melbourne, i wonder if this business is australia wide


Floor: #7
Post Time: 29th August 2016, 10:52 PM
Poster ID: DeepImpact
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by curly69


I walked past this place on my way to Encasa to grab a bite and I noticed another sign for Japanese massage. I was with a work mate so couldn't take to much interest. So yet another option in this neck of the woods. Next will give it a go.

Sometimes wonder how they make a quid with so many others around- must be heaps of horny buggers in Sydne
"""



Pretty sure this building has now been demolished.


Floor: #8
Post Time: 20th January 2017, 09:18 PM
Poster ID: curly69
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Spring

Establishment : Hong Kong Massage

Date of Visit : 10/1/2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Level 2, 125 Bathurst St

Hours of Business : 10am to late

Rates : $40/$50/$60 for 30/45/60  - from memory. Did the $60 per hour + $50 for NHJ and CBJ

Age : 20s

Size/shape : Solid without being fat with A cups - not particularly pretty but not ugly - plain

Nationality or Ethnicity : Taiwanese

Services Provided : Massage, Nude HJ and CBJ

Value for money/recommend? : No bloody way - very bad punt

My experience/comments : 

So I finally got here after walking past this shop so many times on the way to Encasa to get some lunch. Went up the crummy lift to level 2 - jeez not sure what is worse the lift or the stairs - and I was met by Spring in the foyer. The only other lass who was available was an ageing women with a frown on her face. OK that was an easy decision take the young lass - mmm maybe not hindsight. So we head off to the rooms - room 3. The rooms are quite clean and spacious without being anything fancy. Also the walls are the 3/4 jobs which mean you need to be quiet if you are after anything else. Something else I have not seen before is that over the door to the room is a curtain which she pulled as we went in, guess this gives a little bit more privacy when they open the doors to get hot towels etc - no prying eyes. Anyway we go to the room and she asks me how long, I tell her I will stay an hour. She tells me the toll is $60 which I hand over with a question on extras. She tells me that it is the usual $20\$50 HJ\NHJ with an additional offer CBJ included in the $50 - FS is no. This was a special offer she tells me as I was her first client of the day - it was 1pm - and she wanted me to bring her luck, first time I had heard that. In for a penny in for a pound so I handed over the $50 for her full options package. Strip and onto the bed, she returned a few minutes later with her bits and pieces. She then stripped to reveal a solid body with a trimmed pussy.

The massage started and I can safely tell you that it was crap, no bloody clue on how to massage. She was waving her hands around my body and pushing oil about as if that would feel nice. I think when they were doing the massage course she was operating the door. I thought to myself as this half arsed massage was happening I should have 1) Done a 30 minute massage which is generally my cardinal rule for new places and 2) gone to somewhere else 3) why hadn't they knocked this building down. At this point I was hoping that she could suck a cock. The massage continued for a while longer and I started to fell up her legs to see if that would trigger TT or something. It did fortunately and she said do you want to play now we still have 40 minutes of the massage to go before the fun starts. I thought fuck it lets see what she has on the fun side as she can't massage. I said that she was making me horny - lie - and that I need to play her body and have her suck my cock. I put my head back down and she started the TT which last all of 1 minute before turnover time. 

She retrieved a rubber from her bag, she then started to stroke and tug my cock until it was semi hard. She ripped open the packet and put the condom on with her mouth. She then commenced a half arsed blowjob - one of the worst of my life, no real depth or pressure and heaps of tissue breaks. With this technique I was struggling to remain stiff as she kept stopping all the time to wipe her mouth. I started to play with her body to see if that would help - breast and butt only.  After a few minutes of sucking she said that I take a long time to cum and that she wanted stop and finish me off with her hand. I was feeling a bit of an evil bugger at this point as the service had been so poor and I asked to keep going for a bit longer to see what would happen. I told her to do a few things - like take more cock in her mouth, use her hands etc to see if that would help. But it was no good it just wasn't doing it for me so after a few more minutes she stopped. She removed the condom and started the tug. Fuck me if my cock wasn't fastened tightly to my body she would have ripped it off. She grabbed it like it was a poisonness snake and was trying to beat the living hell out of it - maybe she is used to spitting cobras. I immediately grabbed her hand and told her to stop as she was hurting me - she says that all the boys she tugs like this, don't bloody think so unless you all have cocks that bench press trucks. I said I don't and got her to release the grip and to slow the hell down. After I had regained my breathe and my cock was able to have blood circulate through it again I began to relax. I then gave her some more instructions on playing with my cock and to her credit she tried, but after a few minutes her arm was getting tired and I still hadn't cum - think my balls had retracted into my body for safety. I then said that this was not going to work and I treated it as a lost cause. She offered to continue the massage but I declined the offer and got her to clean me up. I got dressed and left vowing never to return. The whole session wasn't much more than 30 minutes.

The one odd thing about this place was that I couldn't see a receptionist or mamasan to complain to - not sure what the go was.

Another thing I wonder if Lita and Spring had the same tugging teaches


Floor: #9
Post Time: 8th May 2017, 05:19 PM
Poster ID: LUNGOR
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Coco

Establishment : Hong Kong Massage

Date of Visit : 6 May 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Level 2, 125 Bathurst St

Hours of Business : 10am to 10pm

Rates : $40/30 min, and then they have this funny price ranges for 40, 50, 60 min so check when you get there. Only have time for the 30 min anyway, so paid $40 + $50 tip

Services received: massage, nude, a bit of body to body, HJ, tits fuck, cum on face (accidentally !!) and cum on my body and cum on her tits - everywhere in another word !

Age : 30's MILF

Size/shape : medium build size 8, natural C cups, medium hair, neatly trimmed 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Hong Kong (originally from Hunam )

Value for money/recommend? : Pretty good, the Cantonese connection is a big plus especially when we start talking dirty, money can't buy really.

My experience/comments : 



OK, further to my post in the massage shop cluster thread, this is the full run down of events on Saturday.

Had something to do in the city in the morning. free time from 10am onwards so thinking of a quickie !!

Had a quick browse on the RnT shops roster in the other forum and found that my favourite busty girl G Cups Emma is starting at her usual 1pm, so not good and there are probably not a lot around at this early hours, the safest bet is probably head to Sussex Star and hope for the best, but the devil in me has other idea !

I have always punted at my favourite shops, seeing my few favourite girls, never really venture out and never tried another one new - for a while, and Saturday is not even my usual punting day but today I can, so why not be adventurous and do the round a bit, may be I would discover a gem. A young and pretty and very busty massage girl somewhere, or at the very least, find a more matured milf with big tits and good HJ skills ! - I just really need to get my rocks off that's all. So I walk down York Street and head towards 1A & 1B.

Walked up to 139 York St opposite QVB, looking through the glass door, didn't look good, the 1B door right ahead at the end was still closed, so was the 1A door (which opens outwards, so if the shop is opened, you can see the door half swing into the walkway. Well, must be too early..................

So I walked back across the York St and sat on the bus stop and wait. You may ask, why wait ? well, I was thinking there could be this busty Japanese mamasan Yoko at 1A whom I had seen once before, she was good, then there should be two milfs at 1B working on Saturdays, one Chinese and one Thai, no big tits but apparently very good skills so at least I could close my eyes and get a great HJ - perhaps. So I set myself a 10 min max to wait. Within 5 min, I saw a petite frame woman walked up and opened the door to get in, too far to see the face, probably one of the two MILFs from 1B. So I thought I give her a few minutes to settle before I go and press the buzzer.

WTF! within 1 min, an elderly white brother went to the door and got buzzed in !! well, there goes my plan. another min past and no other girl had arrived, so, time to move on.

My next stop is the new Silver Fox at 376 Pitt St, Foxy no longer owns the shop I don't think and saw a few reviews on the shops and with a few busty girls too, never got a chance to revisit, today is the day and I hope they have some one there.

Walked up the long stairs which I had done so many times back in the days when Lisa and co was there, well, nothing much has changed really, the alarm still went off half way through and the reception decor is largely unchanged. One Chinese milf came out to greet me, never met her before, so I started speaking in English first and ask whoes on. She tried to take me up the steps to a room but I stopped and asked who is available, she said one girl is busy and one girl is on the way. I said how long, she said let me find out, she called the girl and the answer was 10 min. I asked her if the girl coming is busty ? she may not understand what busty means, so I said big tits, she then show me a photo from her phone and said pretty young girl, the girl was ok looking but wearing too much clothes to have any idea on the body. Then I have a look at this receptionist, she is sort of OK, not that busty but probably a small B ? but then again, she is the receptionist/mamasan so on that alone she is attractive...............lol. So I asked, can I see you. she said I can start your massage first and when the young girl arrives she will massage you. I then ask her, are you the boss, she said no, I am just the receptionist. well, not really keen on getting part 1 from her and then another girl take over whom I can't even see yet. So I turned around and started to walk, she tried to grab my arm and said I give you massage first. but I said no thanks and continue to walk.

Then as I walked down the stair, about half way down one young girl walking up, I had a quick visual check on the body, nah, pretty flat, may be A or small B, no big loss, so I continued walking. and I could hear the receptionist yelling at me to go back before the massage girl has arrived, so for that I think she was a good employee if the new boss shall read this.............haha.

Next stop, the CBD Posh Massage right next door at 378. Another long stair to walk up, again, haven't been here a very long time. the receptionist is quite spacious, they may have done some upgrades, I won't know, a Thai looking lady behind reception asked me you want a massage, I asked how many girl you have now, she said only me and one other girl, I said can I meet her, she called to the back and a young Korean? looking girl came out, she is actually quite pretty, tall and slim, wearing some tasteful white top and white skirts. I think most punter will probably be happy to take her but again, only small a/b cupper so I said thanks but no thanks - and the Thai girl was also small tits too, so no go. I was going to ask if my favourite Tiffany is working but obviously she is not there yet - knowing her, she is always late and probably won't be there until 12pm...............lol

So another failure ! But hey, that's the beauty of city RnT shops, there are so many of them, so keep searching........

Again, going right next door to 380, I had only been there once a very long time ago, when I got into the reception, all the white walled rooms on the left are still there, this time, there was a papasan greeting, and he asked me how long I wanted to stay and tried to collect money up front - nothing changed. So I asked, how many girls you have now, he said, only one, two more coming in the next half hour. I said can I see the girl, a Thai looking girl came out, again, petite and not much natural talents, so I thank you and turned around.

Instead of keep walking down Pitt St where I would ended up in the FS shop 425a Wild Orchid, I turn back and walked up to 374, that's Apple Massage on level 1. And more bad news, it wasn't even open !!

So, after 6 shops, all failure. I was getting a bit deflated. should I just got back on the train and go home. then I remember there are two more shops over at Bathurst St, the Thai shop and the Hong Kong Massage, well, they are just up the road anyway. So soldier on and I promised myself, that would be it and I won't settle for a no tits punt. So make my way back up Pitt Street, 370 was on my right but that shop apparently had closed up, and the big Chicago was not opened yet. Keep walking and saw a long queue of people, some of them dressed in comic characters. Oh, that comic shop is having a 20% discount sales, good on them. Lots of giveaways too.

Finally, got to 125 Bathurst Street, decision, decision, should I go to the Thai on level 1 or the Hong Kong on level 2, well, I had been to the Thai shop before but never been to the Hong Kong shop, so why not, will be interested to see if there is anyone from Hong Kong.

Walk into the lift and press 2. door opened and the shop reception was right there. a 30 something MILF was behind reception and smiling to me. she has no make up on but looks OK, and finally, she has some tits !!!! so I started talking to her in Cantonese and she replied back in kind. with a bit of accent. so not a home grown Hong Kong girl but still, the Cantonese conversations just gave us an instant connections:

how many girls do you have working now.

just me and another girl, 

can I meet her.

She called out and a Thai girl came out, again, very slim and no tits, 

she has no balls !! can I see you. 

OK,

how much is 30 min

$40

here is your $40 and this is your tip, can I use your toilet?


The toilet is at the back of the shop, there seems to be 4 to 5 enclosed rooms. the toilet is quite large, it actually has a urinal and an enclosed WC, on the opposite there is the laundry area? and I could see a shower room too. So it has got all the essentials. did my thing and walked back to reception.

And the mamasan was talking to the Thai girl, probably explaining to her why I didn't pick her, I could see the mamasan putting her hands up to cup her tits and the Thai girl just laught, she obviously got the message. She then shown me to the first room on the right. that's a very very large room, probably too big, only one standard sized massage table in the middle of the room, no mirror !

you can take off your clothes now.

What is your name?

Honey !

and where are you from?

Hong Kong 

But you sound like a northern girl

yes, originally from Hunam but lived in Hong Kong long time

Are you the boss?

no, the boss will come later, I am just the receptionist but I pick up jobs when everyone is busy. so I have to explain to Thai girl you like bigger ball so you pick me.

How long have you been here?

nearly three years.

and you learn massage here.

no, I learnt massage in Hong Kong I can give good massage

I'll find out then.

Honey tried to put a towel on my back and I told her no. so she started to give me a OK massage, reasonably firm and started from the neck and shoulder then down my spine and back and waist. nothing special but I'll say above average - she probably knows I wasn't there for the massage and I already gave her the tips so probably just going through the motion. From her strength and style, I could tell that she has got some training.

I let about 10 min of her massage gone and then told her I had enough and got up to have a drink of water. Honey took the hint and started taking off her clothes. Honey I think is mid 30's smooth white skin, she is in pretty good shape and most importantly she has a pair of firm C Cups, after my immediate hand inspections - real stuff !!

Too bad the room has no mirror and I told Honey that. she said, we are massage shop, we should not have mirror, I said most shooting areoplanes shops have mirror and if you have, I can play with your ball ball and watch on the mirror. you know, the visual stimulations is as important as the touching. she then reach down and play with my cock and said, this thing you can not just look at it, you need to play it and it will get hard.

I also like it that Honey has hair between her legs, not bushy but neatly trimmed, so I sat her down on the side of the table, and admire her garden of Eden and brushed my hands gently over it. No objections, so I started to open up the hair and found her lips, and very gently caress the surface of it and she seems to like that attention.

you have a very nice looking pussy

thank you

are there a lot of clients like to lick your pussy ?

not a lot but I charge for more money, do you want to?

Not really, and we only just met, may be want I know you better

So, when the clients started licking you, do you get very wet and horny.

no, 

what if they make you cum

I'll hold myself not to cum

do you have a husband?

no

boyfriend ?

no

So no sex ?

no, not for a long time.

So, if a customer is very good licking you, why not enjoy it and cum ?

no, I am working, and I have to hold back.

OK, lets see if you have good hands. 

I lay back on to the table and Honey got some oil and started giving me a hand job, and she starting kissing and licking my nipples and chest.

first assessment, her HJ skill is very basic, I let her go for about a minute and I said, you told me you were trained in Hong Kong but your shoot aeroplane skill is so poor ! I only learn proper massage, I wasn't working in bone shops or sauna shops ( = RnT shops in Hong Kong). OK, but you need to do better, of course I can do better. then Honey gets more oil and this time she is using both hands, one playing with my balls and the other started to circle the helmet and not just the straight jerking. and the hand playing with the balls also started caressing the groin area and a bit of rimming too. rimming is good, so I spread my legs wider and turned a bit closer to her to give her some encouragement and now she is doing the job !!

my hands are busy playing with her bodies too. one hand sliding between her legs which she slightly opened for me so that I could be brushing her lips a bit, I guess I was gentle enough that she trusted me not going to stick my fingers inside, and I could feel a bit of wetness too and I could also smell her womanly aroma started to come up.

Looking at the time, it's about time to cum. OK, she is only a C Cups but you got to make do with what's in front, so I might as well try my Spanish on her. so I asked for more oil. and then asked Honey to come up to the massage table. Honey at first have no idea what I was trying to do, may be her tits are not big enough that not many people will try to fuck them, but not this Spanish master who will try to fuck any tits !! then I lowered Honey's upper body on to my cock and as I pushed her tits together covering my cock and I started to slide them up and down, she said, oh, you like to fuck ball, yes, Honey, and it was pretty good, one more Cup would be perfect.............lol

Then Honey tried to help by pushing her tits together for me. Then I thought, if you like to help, you can actually do a much better job.

I asked her to sit up, spread her legs and placed them on either side of the table. I then placed my legs over hers and my cock is not right on her chest. then I positioned her hands to hold her C Cupper together, they aren't quite big enough to envelope my lil Lungor but her hands are closed and keeping my cock between her tits. everything is now in readies for me to really fuck her tits with everything I got. 

I have to lift up Honey's head as she is blocking my view. one of the best part of Spanish and titty fuck is to watch your cock going in and out or buried inside those tits, and as I was pounding her tits/hands upwards as hard as I could, the physical oily and visual sensation was just too much to hold back, so I shot out who knows how many shots and as I was cuming/admiring how much and how far I was shooting. Honey was screaming and said I shot my cum on her face and her hair !!

The room was quite dark so I can't really see if my cum had landed on her face, so I apologised and tried to see if there is anything on her face and there they are - two big drops of my thick cums on her right hand cheek !! Sorry honey, it was an accident.

You should tell me when you cum you know, how you cum on my face and my hair and I have to take a shower and wash my hair again. Sorry sorry, I can't apologise enough for what happen, I used my hand to wipe the cum off her face, but honestly can't see any cum on her hair. 

Cum on face is not my thing, but the whole thing was quite comical.

I got up and help Honey to clean up, this is a first, usually its the other way round. yeah, there was nothing on the hair I am sure, and nothing a wet wipe can't clean off her face.........haha

As I was getting dress, I told Honey I really like her and will come back to see her again - well, I have had better body, tits, and services elsewhere but talking dirty in Cantonese - that's money can't buy and I could see that Honey and I will get on really well. should I come back to try to fuck her or get her to suck me, may be, sure anything is possible and negotiable. I was also thinking of tipping her another $20 for the accidental cum on face but decided not to. it's not the money, and she deserves it, but I just don't want to set a precedent that I have to tip her for every little thing as I am thinking of returning, where do you stop ? if I tip too much, then everything else will probably cost more if you know what I mean ! Put it this way, if I ain't coming back any more, then I would definitely gave her a goodbye tip.

I really like you, and I will come back to see you again, your name is Honey right ?

No, my name is Coco !!

What ! you told me your name was Honey, 

No, I call you Honey, Honey, my name is Coco, 

OK, Coco is actually my favourite name,

really.

You have no idea the Coco I had before. but you are the new Coco now, see you soon.



OK, Coco may not be your average hot and young ml but I think she is above average and her massage and part 2 are pretty good, and I would see her again mainly for our Cantonese connections, but there are worse MLs you could see, so I won't say I will highly recommend her but you couldn't go much wrong with her - that is if you are ok with MILFs !


Cheers


Floor: #10
Post Time: 8th May 2017, 11:11 PM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
It's too long i just cant.


Floor: #11
Post Time: 9th May 2017, 08:04 PM
Poster ID: Snapper79
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by brauninc


It's too long i just cant
"""



That's what they all say - right, Brauninc?


Floor: #12
Post Time: 9th May 2017, 10:20 PM
Poster ID: LUNGOR
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by Snapper79


That's what they all say - right, Brauninc
"""






When is size a problem in RnT shops............ haha


