Thread Title: Lvl 1, 263 Oxford St, Darlinghurst - 02 9358 4993
Floor: #1
Post Time: 18th July 2011, 04:29 PM
Poster ID: SeaRay
Post Title: 
 Lvl 1, 263 Oxford St, Darlinghurst - 02 9358 4993
				
Post Content: 
I was over near St Vincents and notice a THAI Massage shop on the 1st floor at 263 Oxford St Darlinghurst which I knew offered both Male & Female Massures...being adventurers I entered and was meet by a Thai Male in his mid 20's...I asked about the massage and he said the ladies usually come in later but it was only him available and they charge $110 per hour for a Oily Tahi Massage...OK we try it and after stripping it's of to the shower....now there were big signs saying NO SEX but shortly after commencing the massage he asked if I wanted a Happy Ending (which I think was included in the $110) OK now I know he is going to jerk me off, then later he asked if I would like a nude massage (like him stripping off) for $20 extra which he did, but there was no offer or indication there was anything else although he did have a big and hairy uncut slug....I was going to bring up the subject of more extras but they have a large turnover of blokes going in there for a quick 15 / 30 Hand Job and they don't do Women or man Sex...his H.J. was ok but I wouldn't rush back.....this is NOT a "Walk on the Wildside" topic which is why I posted it here....................SeaRay


Floor: #2
Post Time: 18th July 2011, 08:03 PM
Poster ID: FriarFuck
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Only a SeaRay could find semen and not count it as a walk on the wild side...
Your adventures never cease to bring a laugh!


Floor: #3
Post Time: 20th July 2011, 11:53 AM
Poster ID: Blatchford
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
The place to find seamen is Woolloomolloo


Floor: #4
Post Time: 21st July 2011, 03:33 AM
Poster ID: angry
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Is this place cqlled Nana after the famous Soi in Bangkok? Never been there but curios when i walked past


Floor: #5
Post Time: 21st August 2011, 05:08 PM
Poster ID: badnews99
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Didn't Ask

Establishment : Lvl 1, 263 Oxford St Darlinghurst - 02 9358 4993

Date of Visit : 15/08/11

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Lvl 1, 263 Oxford St Darlinghurst - 02 9358 4993

Hours of Business :  unsure, late I guess

Rates : 110/hr they do have 15min rates

Age : mid 20's

Size/shape : 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Massage/HJ

Value for money/recommend? :Yes

My experience/comments : Was in the area and remembered a review of this place. Went in and was asked if I wanted a male or female massuse, there was no ladies present so i accepted a guy. I doubt there are any girls working here..anyway. Took an hour, he asked me if I wanted an erotic massage, sure why not. Good strong massage, on the turn he began rubbing my thighs and "accidently" knocking my now rock hard tool. He asked me if it was OK to grab it, Often been asked this and never said no. He offered to strip, I said OK, in for a penny in for a pound. He had quite a thick cock on him, and hes HJ technique was pretty good (My first time letting a guy handle it). Overall I didn't mind the experience, wouldn't rush back but would recomend it if someone wanted to try something a bit different. If the Sea Ray dosen't count  this as a walk on the wild side then neither do I.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 17th October 2011, 07:40 PM
Poster ID: Elric
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Don't recall, dammit
Establishment : Thai Massage, Lvl 1/263 Oxford St, Darlinghurst
Date of Visit : 16 Oct 11 (Sunday night)
Rates : $110 for one hour thai oil massage
Age : mid-20s
Size/shape : very small, petite
Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai
Services Provided : massage, HJ, DATY
Value for money/recommend? : good time, but could have been cheaper

My experience/comments : There are definitely girls here too, at least sometimes. I walked up the stairs (after a crushing Wallabies world cup semifinal defeat at the hands of the All Blacks), rang the bell, and was quickly greeted by a smiling, very small Thai woman dressed in a gown. The place was small, and nothing special, but not nasty either. A bit of decoration around.

She asked if I wanted a massage, I said yes. She asked if I wanted a boy or girl. I said girl. That made her my girl, I guess, and so into a room - it looked like there were two, but maybe there were more around the corner - we went. She asked if I wanted a shower, and I did, so she pointed out the shower room down the hall, which was also serviceably clean.

Back in the room I had a fairly bland massage for about 30-40 minutes, and then she asked me to roll over. She took off her robe when I did, and stood above my head, rubbing my chest and stomach, and leaning her tiny, perky tits into my face. She had no problem with some nipple licking.

After a minute she moved around to the side and started applying oil to - and then rubbing - thighs, groin, and cock. As things hardened up I used one hand to pull over her panties. She made a noise that wasn't protestation, but a cautionary sort of cluck, and said that that was $30 extra. 

I said sure, and she helped me pull them off. I slipped a finger between her legs, which she smiled at, and kept pulling. I slid a finger deep inside her pussy, and she started to groan, close her eyes, and bend over (Oscar!).

I asked - using pointing, as her English wasn't great - if I could eat her pussy. She hesitated, but I think it was only through confusion, because with very little prodding she hopped up on the massage table, and straddled my face. 

She was facing my head; I had wanted her to go the other way so that she could continue jerking me off. But - once in the position - I thought it churlish and time-wasteful to try to negotiate that turnabout through pantomime, so went with it, and started jerking myself off. She let me tongue her clit and suck on her pussy with great gusto, and writhed on top of me as I did so. 

As my moans indicated that I was going to blow she hopped off and took over the last spurting strokes of my dick. She took her time with the finale, squeezing and holding, and getting close. 

She was great with the cleanup, let me have another shower, and was very friendly, smiley and huggy afterwards. I gave her $40, ten more than she'd asked for, which made her very happy.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 21st October 2011, 04:39 PM
Poster ID: timelyrain
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
i salute u elric for being up to the challenge...unlike the wollobies


Floor: #8
Post Time: 22nd August 2018, 04:50 PM
Poster ID: antares01
Post Title: 
 263 Oxford Massage - 263 Oxford St Darlinghurst - 0412 235 891/02 9977 4995
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Ali

Establishment : 263 Oxford Massage

Date of Visit : August 2018

Address: 263 Oxford St Darlinghurst

Weblink : Unable to find one

Phone :0412 235 891 or 02 9977 4995  Note changed from original post back in 2011

Hours of Business : 10am to 1am the next morning

Rates : $70/hour plus extras

Age : 20's

Size/shape : Size 6 Slim A cup

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : RnT

Value for money/recommend? : Not really

My experience/comments : Was in the area and given no reviews since 2011, thought I would TOFTT  Up the stairs and the place was deserted, after a minute Ali come out from rear staff area.  Very poor English however via the rates card we agreed on a 1 hours session.  Handed over $ and shown into one of the 2 "treatment" rooms.  Both rooms face Oxford Street, the reception desk is at the top of the stairs in the middle of level 1 and at the rear are kitchen/bathroom/toilet.

Once in the meeting room, Ali used sign language to indicate "clothes off" and lay down on massage table.  Ali left the room while I stripped off and hopped onto the table.  It seemed like a good 5 min before Ali returned.  She had a bowl of warm water and a cloth which she used to give me a very tentative wash down.  That done Ali dried me off with a towel and started a rather tentative oil massage on my back which went on, and on, and on ......... Ali finally got down to my legs and bum at which point I asked about extras.  Oh dear..... Ali's English didn't appear to be up to extras however sign language determined she wanted $50 for HJ. We silently negotiated down to $30 to which I agreed.  I asked re nude (via sign language) - funny, she did know the word "period" and wanted extra $50 for top off (no way).  I also asked re BJ, Ali had no idea what this word meant, same with "suck".  However sign language got through eventually with a "next time" response (yeah right).  There was no more attempted massage and Ali immediately asked me to turn over and I could see why, the wall clock told me she had spent in excess of 30 min on a lackluster back massage, perhaps 3 min on the back of one leg and my bum with no TT - and we were now at the 45 min point of a 60 min session 
Ali put some oil on her hands and commenced a HJ.  Now little Ant was fast asleep at this point (quite reasonably in my view) and to her credit Ali ever so slowly and gently woke him up and continued with quite a nice HJ which took some time to conclusion.  Once I had come, Ali attempted a minimal 30 second clean up with tissues and indicated it was time to get dressed.  I was a bit peeved with this and via sign language  insisted on a shower.  Ali got the message, gave me a towel and showed me through to the shower.  The shower was good and as they didn't appear to have any other punters, I took my time for a good hot shower and clean up.  Ali was waiting for me in reception when I came out - both treatment room doors were open and no one else was around, I said goodby and descended the stairs and out into Oxford Street at about the 75 min point.

Summary
Ali is clearly new to this and her lack of English make it hard to achieve much with her.Small shop, pretty cramped but at least the rooms have solid walls and door - not totally clean but livable.Good shower is available which is a plus.WIR?  Not for Ali I wouldn't.


Floor: #9
Post Time: 22nd August 2018, 04:53 PM
Poster ID: antares01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hi Mods,  I note I have NO edit capability immediately I have posted


