Thread Title: Mistys - 70 Enmore Road, Newtown - 02 9387 6004
Floor: #1
Post Time: 7th November 2016, 09:10 PM
Poster ID: novak
Post Title: 
 Mistys - 70 Enmore Road, Newtown - 02 9387 6004
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Zoey

Establishment : Mistys 

Date of Visit : October 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 70 Enmore Road, Newtown

Hours of Business : Not sure

Rates : Can't recall

Age : 18 or 19

Size/shape : Slim, athletic, fit

Nationality or Ethnicity : Caucasian Canadian

Services Provided : RnT, DFK

Value for money/recommend? : Maybe, ok yes.

Ventured out finally, late night Sunday a few weeks back to suss the new joint out. This time I was let in, probably the only guy there, it was dead quiet. The new decor is all modern and grey, with bright neon xmas style fairy lights dotted around mirror frames as you walk in. Maybe a little too stark, too clinical. Has a club sort of vibe in there. Made my way to the reception and a gent and lady sat infront of the computer tell me 2 ladies are available and I am asked to wait in a tiny cubicle directly opposite them. A drink is offered and I opt for water while they call out to the girls to come and meet me.

First in, tall, a little big, curvy mixed background brunette, I can't remember her name sorry, she came and she said hi, looked a bit tired. Next in was Zoey, blonde slim, pretty and pretty young. Yeah so I went for the looks this time, she did look hot in her red lingerie outfit. She led me into a spacious but sparse room, just a chair on side and a massage table tucked away in one corner, would make sense if it was a little offset or in the middle of the room so the lady has access to all sides. The good thing was that the length side wall had a huge mirror and with the table right next to it, you get a close up view of the action. I asked if she offered and extras, she wouldn't give me direct answers and said depends on how much. I wanted a sensual massage with just kissing so I asked her about the kissing and she said $20 so I went for it. She is extremely new there and probably new to all of this so I wasn't expecting much. I tested the kissing and it was full on DFK, nice.

SO how about the massage, I've had better but it was soft and sensual, the body slides front and back were awesome, especially with that close up view. I was already turned on when asked to turn over and the bodyslides continued, especially enjoyed the 69 version of it with her pussy almost in my face. I was allowed to touch and I did not push my boundaries, kept my hands limited to her beautiful perky and natural boobs, legs and butt. Eventually for the finale she sat on top in cow girl position and made me cum with the gentlest and lightest of touches and strokes, didn't mind it at all, something different from the furious HJ.

Zoey seems like a lovely young girl, she asks if you want to try things differently or if you're enjoying the session, I think being a newbie, she's keen to learn the ropes and be more attentive. For this reason I'd see her again.

As for the new Misty's, they're still finishing up some rooms, I was told they're currently working on a massive party room with spas. For now, its bare, its new. Oh and the showers are fucking awesome.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 8th November 2016, 06:49 AM
Poster ID: Blued
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
This thread is for reviews at Mistys new location in Newtown. For reviews at their old location (377 Riley St Surry Hills), see this thread.

Their phone number has changed and the website at mistys.com.au is being redeveloped.

Google says they're open 24 hours, and they have (had?) a roster on snapchat at mistys337.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 10th July 2017, 10:19 PM
Poster ID: wachumba
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Their Snapchat just had a video of a girl and listed her Instagram name as taliah.k
Her Instagram says she was 2016 Mardi Gras international queen which would mean she is transgender.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 10th July 2017, 10:31 PM
Poster ID: wachumba
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
For those without instagram


