Thread Title: Moon Bay Asian Massage - Suite 27 Level 2 650 George St CBD - 0451 991 277
Floor: #1
Post Time: 8th February 2018, 12:40 AM
Poster ID: antares01
Post Title: 
 Moon Bay Asian Massage - Suite 27 Level 2 650 George St CBD - 0451 991 277
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Tess

Establishment : Moon Bay Asian Massage Suite 27 Level 2 650 George St CBD

Date of Visit : February 2018

Phone :0451 991 277

Address:

Weblink : Unable to find working website 
- https://www.facebook.com/Moon-Bay-As...4926549670982/ 
- ???? today spl: Tess,Lena and nana ? massage ?650 George street Sydney???? Call on 0451 991 277 - Sydney therapeutic massage - cracker.com.au

Hours of Business : 10AM to 9PM 7 days

Rates : Standard $65/hr plus extras

Age : mid 20's

Size/shape : Tall, Slim A+/B cup with pointy nipples, shaved

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Nude RnT

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : I couldn't find a thread for this shop.  Mods, please feel free to move if there is one started already.  Also, this place has old Bamboo Massage signage as well.  You have to go through the building security system to get to the shop.  Once in it is quite nicely set up with fully enclosed rooms, all clean and tidy.  I pay my $ at reception then Tess leads me through to one of the rooms, asks me to get undressed, lie on table and leaves the room.  Tess comes back after about 5 minutes, I ask re extras and agree to the standard $50 nude HJ and we launch into a pretty good oil massage. All pretty standard, back, legs then bum leading to some reach through TT. at the half way point Tess goes out the get hot wet towels and cleans the oil off my back, bum and legs.  She then strips of and returns for some more reach through TT  before suggesting I turn over.  I have to say, in the nude, Tess looks pretty good to me .  Tess now gives me a bit of a front massage then climbs on the table, cuddles up beside me and gives me a lovely GFE HJ with cuddles and kissing  , really nice and just what I needed .  Once I had come, usual clean up with tissues followed by hot wet towels then, as there was some time left, Tess finished with a lovely head and face massage.  Dressed and into the lift on the 65 min mark.

Summary
Pretty discrete location as hidden away on the 2nd floor of a building behind locked doors.Clean and tidy shopTess did a really nice job - she has excellent English language skills BTW.WIR?  Sure will.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 19th March 2019, 09:11 PM
Poster ID: GreekSeekingMissile
Post Title: 
 Moon Bay Massage - Level 2 Suite 27 650 George St Sydney - 0451 991 277
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Candy

Establishment : Moon Bay Asian Massage

Date of Visit : 15/3/19

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Level 2 suite 27, 650 George Street, Sydney CBD

Phone : 0451 991 277

Hours of Business : 10am-9pm(?)

Rates : 40/half hour

Age : late 20s

Size/shape : slim size 8, medium height, A cups, girl next door face

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Massage and 2 rounds of nude HJ

Value for money/recommend? : yes

My experience/comments : 

This place was formerly Bamboo massage but changed ownership many years ago and I don't see a thread for the new shop in Bronze. Mods please feel free to move or merge this as needed.

After a couple week break from punting I found myself with some free time in the city and desperate for some action. I walked over to the Poplar St Thai massage but they weren't open yet at 10:15am on a friday so I wandered back to Moon Bay. I have been here a few times in the past year and the current management seems to be doing a better job than in the time immediately after Summer sold it.
Usual questions on arrival: 
Her: "Massage?"
Me: "Yes of course"
Her: "How long?"
Me: "Who is working?"
Her: "How long?"
Me: "Depends who is working?"
Her: "I show you girls"
Me: "ok"

There were only 2 girls available and Candy was the pick. She seemed happy to be chosen and this enthusiasm grew through our session. Once I had disrobed and sat on the bed she asked me to lay down. I hesitated and she asked again so I complied and let her start with some massage. She asked how I wanted it and I replied soft, light, and then she understood I didn't come for the massage. A nice soft tease followed for several minutes and I turned over without her asking. She popped the question of extras and I asked if we could go two times? I think she usually charges more than $50 for this and we were having difficulty communicating because her english isn't great. I didn't offer more than 50 and eventually she seemed happy to proceed although I'm still unsure what we agreed upon. She commensed with a really intesnse GFE with lots of kissing all over my face and body. First round ended quickly and then we got right into the second with more GFE. she was laying next to me and had me rubbing her clit while she kissed and catbathed me and gave a nice HJ. Round 2 ended just before the bell and I went off to shower and check for lipstick on my face.

A great experience with a sweet girl.

ps. her stomach skin is a bit loose from childbirth I think. it's barely noticeable but some people might care more than me. she also offered more extras to me which I declined. YMMV.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 18th April 2019, 12:07 PM
Poster ID: Poser
Post Title: 
 Thairapeutic CBD Massage - suite 27, World Square, 650 George St, Sydney
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Waa Waa (i kid you not)

Establishment : Thairapeutic 

Date of Visit : April 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : suite 27, world square, 650 George at Sydney

Phone : 0451 877 399

Hours of Business : Mon - sun 10am - 8.30.pm

Rates : $70 for 60mins - $80 for b2b and hj

Age : late 30s

Size/shape : Solid, c cups and friendly.

Nationality or Ethnicity : thai

Services Provided : massage, Nude.RnT

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments :.

Went to this place thinling that it was Bamboo Massage, bit Bamboo had moved further down George st. This place is now called Thairapeutic and may be owned by the same mob who used to run it out of Bathurst before yhe building was knocked down for apartments.

Met by the mamasan and paid for 1 hour. She asked me if i had been here before and i said yes, but at the other place about 2-3 years ago. Was shown into the room. The room had walls up to the haning  ceiling, except for the part close t the windows where the ceiling goes back to the strucutre leaving a little gap,enabling you to hear what was going on in the next room, which happened to be a shower on one side and the massage ladies waiting room on the other. Stripped and laid down on the table with the disposable sheet.

Wawa came in. She is Thai, bolt on c cups, landing strip and quite tall, about 175cm tall. Massage was ok, worked out the kinks from hunched over the laptop. There was plenty of sly tt action before using a hot towel to remove the oil and me turning over. 

She put a pillow under my head and we negotiated in whispers regarding extras. Settled on a b2b, kissing and nude hj for $80. Sge stripped and her body was pretty good. After some b2b and her playi g with little poser ( who was rock hard at this stage to her delight)and me her kitty, i enquired if fs was on offer. She asked me if I had a condom, which i did not so fs was not on the table... maybe next time she suggested.

More b2b and groping witbsome finger in the kitty amd it wasnt long before the.sailora were rekeased.

Clean up with tissues and another hot towel and I headed out. 

As i headed out,the mamasan sais that there were other girls of other nationalities and to return soon. On tye way out, a lady(Reg nurse) with a name badge  saw me walk out of the shop and we both waited for the lifts. I wasnt phased by it, but it might to some.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 18th April 2019, 01:11 PM
Poster ID: Stroke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
https://650cbdasianmassage.wixsite.c...e/cash-or-card


Floor: #5
Post Time: 18th April 2019, 03:40 PM
Poster ID: Poser
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks stroker.

Note that the directory board in the foyer and the sign on the dopr says thairapeutic, so it may be trading under both names.


