Thread Title: Nicole (saw at Quay Street, but usually at King Street)
Floor: #1
Post Time: 28th November 2013, 07:27 PM
Poster ID: DrBob
Post Title: 
 Nicole (saw at Quay Street, but usually at King Street)
				
Post Content: 
Date 28 November, 2013
Person's Name: Nicole
Establishment: Posh Massage Newtown
Contact Details/Address: 329b King St, Newtown, 0466 188 779
Prices: $35/30 +$50 tip
Age: 24
Nationality or Ethnicity: Slovenian
Services: Massage, plus topless happy ending


OK, let me just point out that the address above is actually incorrect. It seems that both the 329 King Street (Newtown) and Quay Street (Ultimo) operations are jointly owned, with European babes located in Newtown and Asian babes in Ultimo. Nicole indicated that she usualyl works Thursdays, but was only at Quay Street today because she was filling in for someone. Hence, I have thought it best to post this under the Newtown op, where she usually works.


My first time ever with a European massage girl. Her figure is quite nice - not stick thin like some Asians, but curvy in a hot European sense rather than in any sense overweight. Aside from the fact that she was chewing gum throughout, Nicole is a beautiful girl. Now, let's be frank. Her massage is not crash hot. But, hey, that's not why you're here  Merely oil on upper back and some (seemed to me: random) circles. Not bad, but not a massage. However, she quickly moved raised the topic of a HJ. I asked for price, she said $50. Seemed a bit steep, so I asked what else I get. She said nothing, I accepted, and she then stripped off. She asked whether to remove her bra. I did later get her to take that off.


Now, as a European girl was a totally new experience to me, I had some issues getting it up. However, her HJ technique was ok. Maybe because was had a conversation going and she just seemed so normal (i.e. non-exotic)?  I don't know. In any case, I could not fault her, and would come back to see her again.


A friendly girl, with a nice smile.


BTW, I am crap at assessing cup size, but hers would be Ds I think. Mind you, she indicated that she recently had them bolted on, and the scars were still a little visible. However, they are the nicest bolt-ons I have see; not those artificial balloon types, but consistent with her body shape. Would I return?  Yes, but maybe for an hour booking.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 28th November 2013, 07:33 PM
Poster ID: Mad_Bastard
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Sounds like you had a reasonable time and good to eat european for a change :-)

$80 for 30 mins of topless massage is not too expensive - however, for $90, you could get a full naked massage with body slide at say 350 Penshurst St Willoughby!

MB


Floor: #3
Post Time: 28th November 2013, 08:05 PM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
always love it when a man uses the term"bolt ons".


Floor: #4
Post Time: 10th December 2013, 01:21 PM
Poster ID: mrcooldude
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Nicole

Establishment : Posh Massage Newtown

Date of Visit : Dec 2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 329B King St Newtown

Hours of Business : 10am - 8pm

Rates : $85/30mins

Age :Late 23

Size/shape : 5'9, Size 10 with D cup

Nationality or Ethnicity : Slovenian

Services Provided : Nude massage, HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My meeting with Nicole was more accident than design. I'd originally booked Ginger, but on arriving was told that she'd be occupied for another hour or so. I did consider walking, but I felt the hard part (getting a park in Newtown) had already been done, and so I decided to meet the other girl on.

Nicole is an attractive Ski instructor from Slovenia who's travelling in Australia. She's tall, pleasant and has a gorgeous derriere. It didn't take me long to work out that I wanted to spend some time with her. 

The massage itself was only mediocre, and consisted of Nicole covering my back in what I'm sure must be crazy patterns of lotion. However, it was nice to see her 'bolt ons' () released from their confines and the conversation was pleasant and cordial. 

Soon it was time to turn over and I had the opportunity to watch this gorgeous Eastern European girl slip out of her denim shorts and pink thong before bringing her hands to rest on my shaft. The hand job that followed was routine, predictable and unfortunately stop-start but we got there in the end. A quick whole body wipe down with some warm towels, and some more conversation about travel followed before I was on my way. 

All in all, an attractive, friendly Eastern European girl but the fact that she's only got two weeks of experience really shows. I'm also a little annoyed by the way this place treats its bookings but that's another argument for another day.


