Floor: #1
Post Time: 2nd June 2017, 02:31 PM
Poster ID: antares01
Post Title: 
 Nim Thai Therapeutic Massage - 2&3/407 Bourke St Surry Hills Sydney - (02) 9358 2934
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Yui

Establishment : Nim Thai Therapeutic Massage - 

Date of Visit : April and May 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 2&3/407 Bourke St Surry Hills Sydney / (02) 9358 2934 - 0423 340 977 / Thai Massage in Sydney, Therapeutic Thai Massage in Surry Hills & Kings Cross - Nim Thai, Australia

Hours of Business : 10:30am to 10:00pm 7 days

Rates : $70/60min or $110/95min

Age : early 20's guess

Size/shape : slim 6 B cup perhaps guessing here

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Massage only (so far)

Value for money/recommend? : Foe the massage yes.

My experience/comments : This outfit also has a Kings Cross shop - see website for details.  Couldn't find any reviews in AXR so TOFTT.  This review covers two visits, first was a drop in, second was with appointment, both with Yui.  Yui is a cheeky little thing and great to be with.  She was sufficiently cheeky on the first visit, despite my doubts, I thought I would try a second visit with her, particularly as I felt it was value for money for the massage alone.

This shop (Surry Hills) operates upstairs in shared business premises behind locked ground level doors so you will need to be buzzed in.  In summary, for both visits, Yui gave me a very high quality medium pressure relaxing oil massage.  Her touch was comprehensive and literally the only parts of me she didn't massage was little ant and his friends .  She had no qualms massaging groin creases and bum crack but so far has declined to provide HJ.  For both visits, the shop was pretty busy and as there are only curtain dividers I suspect one of two things:

1. Se pushes the boundaries as far as she can to get repeat business from punters - in the hope that ........... /or,
2. Increased familiarity and a quiet time in the shop may result in extras.

No shower and plenty of oil used so you will leave the shop oily.  

I will probably try and visit one more time to test my luck, worst case is I get a great massage.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 7th June 2017, 05:10 PM
Poster ID: moz999
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Certainly don't think their other shop is. Openly advertises health fund rebates and is an area with a number of other legit Thai and Chinese places, somewhat surprisingly in the Cross.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 1st December 2019, 10:39 PM
Poster ID: milfaddict
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Bringing up an older thread but under the assumption this is a legit massage place, I booked a couples massage at the Kings Cross shop with the Mrs. On entering and paying, I realised they put us in adjoining rooms (all rooms are partitioned by curtains) but they were one in front of the other. As my Mrs wouldn't be able to see exactly what was going on, I decided to go commando and see what happens.

The massage was excellent to be honest, hit every single sore spot I had including when she stood on me. The interesting part is she didn't object at all to me not having undies on, but they left the curtain between us open. When she did my glutes, it was extremely sensual, and when she did my legs, there was the slightest brush of my balls on every up stroke, including brushing against my cock at one point. On the turn over and one leg at a time was spread wide and bent, and she massaged my inner thighs and even more tackle tickle. I figured this place must do extras at least occasionally with the way this was going but thought she might not want to go any further due to the Mrs. Unfortunately when she did a lower stomach massage she managed to avoid my erect cock completely, however when they do the thing where they crawl on your body and press on points she was making an outline all around my extremely hard cock and I could see down through the towel on my head and she was clearly amazed and liking what she saw.

When it was all finished and I got changed I then realised they had actually closed the partition for the last part of the massage so I'm spewing I didn't mime for a HJ but it's best I didn't play with fire. It was an interesting and exciting experience to say the least.

I will be back to visit both shops and will post a review if anything happens.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 4th December 2019, 11:07 AM
Poster ID: milfaddict
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I've since been back to both shops, once with the original lady that massaged me and once with someone else. The original lady actually did less tackle tickle (I thought) than when the mrs was around! Crazy. The other lady hardly did any. I feel this might be a 99% legit place. I think if anything extra happened, it would be dependant on how busy the shop is, the lady massaging and whether or not the boss lady is around. I am tempted to continue trying other ladies at different times and between the two shops, so when I want an actual massage I might give it a go because they do actually do a great remedial massage.


