Thread Title: OBA Sauna and Massage level 2, 436 Sussex St Chinatown tel. 02 8065-8587
Floor: #1
Post Time: 11th September 2014, 12:51 PM
Poster ID: LUNGOR
Post Title: 
 OBA Sauna and Massage level 2, 436 Sussex St Chinatown tel. 02 8065-8587
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Yuri

Establishment : OBA Sauna Massage, this is a sister shop to Silver Fox on Pitt Street

Date of Visit : 10th September 2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : level 2, 436 Sussex St, Chinatown 02-8065-8587

Hours of Business : 10:30am - 10:00pm 7 days

Rates : Opening Specials: $90 for 45 min, $110 for 60 min, massage, B2b and extra 10 min sauna time included

Age : 22 yr old

Size/shape : petite, size 6, pointy and perky B Cups, curvy and awesome ass !

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Dry massage, body slides, HJ and COA !!

Value for money: massage skills is only average, b2b is good, HJ is so so, very intelligent and good English, and she is young and beautiful and give me a good fountain of youth GF feel, love that butt !!

My experiences:


Been to the new OBA a few times to see Foxy but haven't stayed and tried any one yet, finally have a chance today and Yuri's 38 D Cups sounds like a good enough reasons ! But I should have known better, should never believe any boobs size posted by Foxy !!! But the session turns out not bad at all, read on ........

Foxy was out shopping when I got there, the new receptionist shown me to a room, I have seen the rooms before and there is still no wall mirror, the one small mirror inside is in the wrong position - except for 2 min towards the end !

The opening special is $90/45 $110/60 but I only have time for 30 min so I paid the SF price of $80. Funny enough, it's $10 cheaper than what I paid over at 7 Lotus when I saw Lisa last night but that's another story .

Paid the receptionist and wait for my booking girl.

Very soon there was a knock on the door and in comes Yuri, she has a beautiful face, very young , 21,22 ? Not tall and slim but more like petite and size 6! A little bit of chit chat showing her English is near perfect, I think lots of brothers would like that, Yuri is a Uni student studying accounting so I think she is a smart cookie, quite intelligent in fact during our conversations .

But wait, there is something missing here, where the bloody hell are the 38 D Cups !

As I was getting undressed, Yuri was also undressing - that's a good sign, nude from the start, another tick for most brothers, ok, the bra is off, let's see, well , they are really cute and perky B cups in my book, 33/34 Max . So how did 34 B got inflated to 38 D I have no idea!

In fact I think Yuri has a hot little body and she still has hair down below which is great, I don't really like totally bared pussy, but that's just me ! She has curves and has a meaty butt, so if I look past the B Cups, Yuri is pretty good .

Massage started from my feet , good pressure, not too strong , Yuri works her way up slowly northward bound !

Then she move around to the head of the table and spend some times around my neck and shoulder , not top class but comfortable enough. Then she got back on top of the table, sat on my bare bottom and started massaging my back and waist .

It was an erotic feeling when Yuri's smooth legs and map of Tassie in between rub against my thighs and bare bottom, I like that feeling very much !

Sorry, got to go now, more later............................



Yuri session continues........

Where was I ?

Oh, it was Yuri's map of Tassie on top of my bare bottom!

But that feeling didn't lasted too long, Yuri got hold of the oil bottle and started to oil up my back, my waist , my bottom, and the upper thighs of my legs, here comes the body to body !

I wish I had the other Thai girl Vicky's 37 E Cups on my back at this moment, but to be fair, apart from the big tits, Vicky's b2b is actually not as good as Yuri's ! Vicky would use her big tits and give me a breasts bath but her doesn't do a proper body slides while Yuri actually slides her whole body up and down my back, her tits are not big but feels pretty good, what I really enjoy was the "flying carpet" rubbing up and down my back - I like this much better than rubbed by fully shaven pussy ! Each to his own I suppose.

It is at this point that I think the rooms over at Silver Fox are better as they all have big wall mirrors, I would love to see Yuris naked body sliding up and down my back, even though her tits are small, she has really nice curves especially that big bum, just asking to be grabbed and squeezed !

While I was enjoying Yuri's b2b, I noticed that there wasn't any teasing or tickle tackle, and as soon as I was thinking about it, Yuri runs her fingers along the outside of my ribs and that's was really tickish and I just jumped up from the table and it really scared the young lady!

Are you ok, did I hurt you ?

No no, you are fine, I just can't stand tickish, and I need to drink some water.

So I lay back down on the table and Yuri put the long pillow underneath the cover !

Let's see what she got for the front, it was more of the same, but now that Yuri is on top of me face to face, I can have a good look at this lovely young lady especially when she has already worked up a bit of a sweat, her face turns slightly red, love this colour, which no make up could recreate, I have the urge to kiss her, landed a few on each sides of her cheek, pulled her towards me chest to chest so that I can have a play on her back, her love handle and her butt, really love that butt. When I let go of Yuri , she raised up her upper body and the pair of very pointy and perky B cupper were swinging in front of my face, again, I have the urge to suck them if they were not so oily.......lol

So I place them in my hands, just a hand full, nipples are sharp and erected, next time I should put one in my mouth before they are oiled up !! They are so cute, I ended up kissing them.

Yuri now moved side way - I am not sure if she was meant to move all the way around into a 69 position but got stopped by me because as soon as she reached side way I was caressing her leg and side of her body and her bouncy butt. So she stopped moving and I started playing.

Love her butt, I so wanted to bite into her ass, yes, she is so yummy, good enough to eat ! Since I can't bite , so I kissed her butt !

Yuri is now on her fours, side way and started to give me some hand action! It was ok, she can't use both hands because of her position, I look at the time, time is already up, so I think I need to take matters into my own hands, not literally of course, that's Yuri's job, now when she was doing front body slide I already tried and her breasts are not big enough for Spanish , may be I need to do a Neimi on Yuri ! Cum on Ass !!

Now way back when I was with Neimi, she was more matured and lots more playful, so I don't think there was any issue for her to let me have my way on her, but Yuri is much younger and so innocent, not sure if she would let me violate her body that way, ok , let's test the water a little bit I thought to myself !!

So I ask Yuri to get up and stand next to the table, I got up and sit on the side of the table , I gave her a bear hug, kissed her some more, and rubbed my rock hard cock on her tummy !

Then I got the oil bottle, oiled up little AH some more, turned Yuri around and let her lean back and sit on my cock, my cock is now in the meaty-est part of her butt crack and I started to press hard against her , that feels really good, no objection coming, so I started to slide it up and down a bit more in a fucking action, I think now Yuri knows what I am trying to do, my hands also reach out to the front to grab hold of her tits, I so wish she has bigger pair, but then again , if she has bigger tits, I won't be doing what I am doing now won't I ??

Remember I said at the beginning that the mirror is in the wrong spot except towards the end, well, this is the moment and the mirror for now is in the perfect position, from the mirror I can see a dirty old man rubbing his cock on the butt of a young and beautiful and naked Thai girl , that was some scene - all for the bargain basement price of $80 !

When I was getting near, I really want to have some full on simulated fucking sex with Yuri so I asked her to lay on the table, it was chaotic and comical at the same time: Yuri got on the table on her fours ! What the? I am not fucking her doggie style , what was she thinking ? Then she lay on her back and like what, me on top ? So finally got her to lay on her tummy, her had her legs spread open , I gently push them back together ! What a lovely piece of ass in front of me, ready for my pampering !

More oil on me and I lay on top of Yuri!

Now ! This is what RnT is all about ! A lovely young lady just lay there and let me get off on her body in my wicked ways ! What more can I ask for . Call this what you want: ass crack fucking, cock sliding, cock massage by booty ass, it was sensational and feel so bloody awesome and I am cuming !!!

Shot some pearl necklace on Yuri 's back, but wait, safety first and it's my responsibility to clean her up !

So I lean forward to Yuri and kiss her, say thank you and ask her not to move as there are cums everywhere on her !

I quickly grab the tissue box and clean up my mess before it is safe to let Yuri get up.

Yuri wrap a towel around herself and ask me to wait while she went outside to get some hot towels. She came back with quite a few towels , gave me a hand towel size to clean my hands and she used a larger hot towel to clean my back, the towel was really hot , it feels great, Yuri placed the towel over my shoulder first and gave me some massage over the towel, that's a very good touch, then she wipe down my back thoroughly .

I really like Yuri, even without the big tits, she is cute, she lets me play it my way, she is a fountain of youth and she is beautiful , I want to eat her small tits and have a lot more of her bum next time, love that feeling of rubbing my cock on her big ass !!

Love this girl !

Cheers


Floor: #2
Post Time: 18th July 2015, 12:47 PM
Poster ID: Scampy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Yuri

Establishment : OBA

Date of Visit : A Tuesday in June

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : level 2, 436 Sussex St, Chinatown 02-8065-8587t

Hours of Business : 10am till 10PM

Rates : $130/hr
Age : 25 I think

Size/shape : B cup, size 6, Great figure and ass

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : B2B, ok massage, HJ

Value for money/recommend? : It would have  been if she quit farting

My experience/comments :

As above, Yuri has an amazing figure and is very hot. She definitely gave a great B2B but she kept farting which was completely off putting. She offered FS but I declined, although perhaps I should have put a cork in her ass 

I have been back there twice but have seen Aya both times who is lovely, but doesn't let you play with her pussy. I will post a review of Aya shortly.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 18th July 2015, 01:05 PM
Poster ID: Scampy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Aya

Establishment : OBA

Date of Visit : A few visits over the past 2 months

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : level 2, 436 Sussex St, Chinatown 02-8065-8587t

Hours of Business : 10am till 10PM

Rates : $130/hr
Age : 24 I think

Size/shape : B cup, size 6 or 7, Great figure. Great smile and very pretty face

Nationality or Ethnicity : Japanese

Services Provided : B2B, ok massage, HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Great value although it would be better if she let a little pussy play happen

My experience/comments :

Ive been to see Aya many times even though I much prefer girls that let me play with them. The reason I go back is that she does give a great B2B and a very sensual HJ. I find her extremely pleasant and nice to talk to as well. 
Aya has an amazing figure and it kills me she won't let me play! 
I also like going here as it is somewhat discrete and they have a shower. I will have to try Mina who is new.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 18th July 2015, 04:57 PM
Poster ID: WOTAN01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Scampy can you please give a bit more detail in your reviews. 

Check the example of well written reviews here http://auxxxreviews.com/forum/f55/ex...t-review-9481/ which guides you on making complying reports.

Regards, 
Wotan010


Floor: #5
Post Time: 21st September 2017, 12:27 AM
Poster ID: copul8er
Post Title: 
 O.B.A Sauna and Massage. Haymarket
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : May

Establishment : O.B.A sauna and Massage, Haymarket

Date of Visit : 17/09/17

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 02 8065 8587 436 Sussex St, Haymarket

Hours of Business : 9-7 I think

Rates : $70 hr massage. $50 nude HJ

Age : early 20's

Size/shape : small size 4 and A tits.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai I think

Services Provided : Massage and Nude HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Mmmmmay...definately

My experience/comments : 
Went in Sydney on Sunday. Got to love a $2.60 train fare each way.
Had something to eat in China town...yummy hand made noodles and pork.
Needed a massage after walking around shopping all day and wanted to catch the 5 stops only train to the blue mountains so tried calling a few places and seemed to be busy or other issues.
saw this place as I walked by down to the bottom of Sussex St, called and decided to have a look.
One door entrance, glowing lights on the steps and 2 flights of stairs to the top.
Wanted a shower and paid the lady. Was shown to the Shower room and it was a funny one. Three wooden stairs up to the shower which was elevated in a room with a tall roof. Weird but it was clean and it worked.
Into the room and in walked in a cute, stunning and sexy and cute I am pretty sure thai girl and wow I thought.
The massage started and I pretended not to be interested in full service or a tug...hehheee
The massage was really good and I kept telling her and smiling.
Eventually she was around near my head for a massage and I was accidently putting my hands against her legs and boing I was hard.
She asked about extra and I was hoping she said sex or BBBJ but no luck so I took the nude HJ option as I had to see her clothes off and wow what a small cute body she has.
A size tits but perky and great ass and smooth brown skin all over.
The HJ was not to bad but she kept looking away every now and then so just a job to her but she came in close for a kiss and nibble every now and then.
Eventually she got me over line but I wanted more...oh well...hehe.
overall.
Massage 7/10. PRETTY GOOD.
nude hj 7/10. very GOOD
HER-9/10. Cute as hell.
Cheers chaps
PS. I don't know if there is a review on here of this place as I could not find one.
Thanks
Cheers chaps


Floor: #6
Post Time: 1st March 2018, 10:07 PM
Poster ID: Charles
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Kelly

Establishment : O.B.A Sauna and Massage, Haymarket

Date of Visit : Thu 01/03/18

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : O.B.A Massage - Sydney's Most Prestigious Luxury Massage Venue

Hours of Business : 10am - 7pm??

Rates : $136/60

Age : mid 20's

Size/shape : slim, small breasts

Nationality or Ethnicity : PRC

Services Provided : Massage and HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Nope, a complete ripoff

My experience/comments : I rock up to the large and sparsely furnished second floor reception area and the girl ask me how long I want and I reply "one hour". She says: "$136 please". I blink and point out that the sign downstairs says $70 and she says "oh, you haven't been here before". She shows me two price lists. One says $71 for one hour, the other says $136 for one hour (no tips). She says the $136 includes all extras. I think this is still expensive, but I agree.

She takes me into the drab massage room, which has a mirror on the wall next to the table. She leaves and then Kelly comes in. She's a quite attractive and tall Chinese girl. I strip and lie down, and she takes off her dress and leaves on a camisole and panties.

Her massage is just running her hands and fingers lightly over me, but she does give plenty of teasing tackle tickle, and when she's standing at my head she lets me play with her bum and pussy (through the panties). Eventually she asks me to turn over. She takes the camisole off but leaves the panties on and rubs her tits over my chest and hard cock. 

This is quite nice, and then she asks if I want a bj. "Of course!" I reply. "$50" she says. So much for no tips!! I explain I paid the $136 for extras, and she explains that only includes nude body slide and hj. I refrain from pointing out she's not actually nude, but do say I expect fs for an extra $50. She says she doesn't do that. There's no way I'm paying another $50 for what is sure to be a cbj, so I just go with the hj. It's okay, and I'm soon over the line.

This girl was just all tease and no delivery. And I'm angry at myself for falling for what is obviously this shop's scam. And I didn't see any sauna!


Floor: #7
Post Time: 2nd March 2018, 09:31 AM
Poster ID: LUNGOR
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
If the set up is still the same when Linda was running it, there is a small sauna inside the bathroom but not very private as the communal shower is a walking through that sauna room .

Very strange and inconvenient set up and no wonder it never really took off.

Now they are going all inclusive , good luck to them .


