Thread Title: QVB Massage - Lvl 1 199 Clarence St, Sydney - 0414 475 567
Floor: #1
Post Time: 12th December 2013, 07:20 PM
Poster ID: fuzzy
Post Title: 
 QVB Massage - Lvl 1 199 Clarence St, Sydney - 0414 475 567
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : jessica
Establishment : QVB massage
Date of Visit : wed 16/12/13
Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 
Level 1, 199 Clarence Street, Sydney, NSW, 2000.
Hours of Business : Till 10pm
Rates: $60 \ hr + 20 hj
Age : late 20s
Size/shape : Slimnish, A cup
Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese
Services Provided : massage,  HJ
Value for money/recommend? : Ok

First time at this place after seeing many positive reviews from another forum.  Was assigned Jessica as the masseuse. she's decent looking face just a tad pudgy. nice conversation ensued throughout the massage.  conversation led to whether I go to massage places alot because somehow I ended up giving her a massage which she liked and jokingly offered me a job there for their female clients.  It wouldn't be bad job. Of course Im fantasizing they'll all be hot girls. Anyway back to the visit. I was hoping she would havw taken her dress off off but not to be. 20 mins before the session end she asked for me to get back on the table for part two. I must say she knows how to handle the toll. nice slow with feathery touches to the knob. One of the best hj I had experienced. she got a nice cheekiness to her. I would possibly return if I was in the immediate area but I like them hotter looking.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 26th July 2014, 12:49 PM
Poster ID: wotif
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Legit massage ...

Person's Name : ?
Establishment : QVB massage
Date of Visit : wed 21/07/14
Contact Details/Address/Weblink :
Level 1, 199 Clarence Street, Sydney, NSW, 2000.
Hours of Business : Till 8pm
Rates: $100 japanese massage with oil
Age : late 20s
Size/shape : small
Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian - probably Japanese
Services Provided : NIL
Value for money/recommend? : Ok

I was in town and had 2 hours to kill before dinner. i did need a massage and went online to get a legit one. I booked this place as it was close and then thought ... wait ... what if it is not  as it seems?

hence a quick check here... I did see another thread that indicates there are 2 places with the same name. The one at L1/199 Clarence St seems legit which was the subject of a debate in this forum.

Having had the question raised I did arrive and look for tell-tale signs. Yes its upstairs and yes there is a buzzer so could be ...

Met in the lobby and asked what massage from a menu and that all seemed above board. I parted with my shoes and went to  the room. Left to undress and a quick look did show a box of tissues ... so hmmmm maybe

I lay down in my undies and the woman came in and asked me to take them off as she would be using oil. She helped me take them off and I made no attempt to be modest in doing so. Hmmmmm

The massage that ensued was OK. I say Ok as I had the feeling she was an amateur had been trained by someone or perhaps by watching a video. Some of her strokes were professional (oh I am a qualified masseur so I do know these things) and others were no where near professional. I also got a few "hints" things may not be as legit as they appered. For example, she massaged my full buttocks and normally you would tell the client you were going to do that. And she also rested her other hand on my bum and inner thigh while performing some strokes. Again a complete no-no for a professional masseur. And when she straddled my legs to do compressions on my back she also rubbed her inner thighs on my legs and at one stage had her crotch in my butt as she leant forward. I actually cracked a fat while she was doing that.

And on the flip over not much effort to keep the old fella out of view and even when she massaged my legs face up she stroked up inner thighs and my doodle was barely covered by the towel. i just kept my eyes closed with a smile.

In the end ... no funny business at all. Not that i asked either.

I think she was just an amateur and culturally Ok with naked men during massage.

So from me ... a legit massage - probably better to be had elsewhere for same or better price (like the Thai ones you see with signs in George St)


Floor: #3
Post Time: 20th March 2020, 04:51 AM
Poster ID: curly69
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Koto

Establishment : QVB Massage

Date of Visit : 17/3/2020

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Level 1 Clarence St Sydney
https://qvb-massagejapanese-aromatherapy.business.site/

Phone : 02 8964 6064 / 0414 475 567

Hours of Business : 10 - 8pm

Rates : Japanese Massage 50 /75 /100 for 30/45/60 - weird no discount for longer time
Shiatsu 40/ 60 / 80 for 30/45/60

Age :  20s

Size/shape :  pretty lass with nice looking body

Nationality or Ethnicity : Japanese

Services Provided : Massage only

Value for money/recommend? :  Good massage in a clean place

My experience/comments : 
Don't think I have been to this place - next door yes but not here. I have a bit of time on my hands and decide to go to a new place that I haven't tried and go up the stairs and ring the door bell. I am greeted by the lovely Japanese women who directs me to a chair and shows me the menu and I decide on the 30 min Japanese option. I remove my shoes and put on the slippers that she provides and head to the room. The room is not large but it it is clean and has a good sized table in the middle. She directs me to remove my clothes and lie on the table, I do so. Koto comes in and I think she is quite pretty and is very friendly. She asks what sort of massage I want I say hard and to work on my shoulders and lower back please.

She begins the massage and I am not covered as she slowly puts a bit of oil on my shoulders and gets to work. This massage is a little different as she is a physio she tells me and is working out by touch and asking what are my pain points. The massage continues and it is excellent and really gets the kinks out of the body. She slowly moves down to the lower back and works the kinks out of their - still uncovered so I am expecting a potential touch to let me know more is on offer. She continues down the legs and nothing, so I query and she tells me that this is a non sex massage place sorry - no probs and the massage continues. Not sure but I think maybe regulars may get more service but would have to return to find out. The reason I say that is that she was saying something like trouble with police etc, which got me thinking. The massage continued and then she said that she would get a hot towel. She returned and instead of the little towel that most places have to wipe away the oil this was a full length towel which she draped over my body and then put something over the top which I didn't see. She then continued the massage and this felt great as the heat from the towel went into the muscles as well and felt very relaxing. When my whole body had been massaged with the hot towel she grabbed another towel to dry me off. Massage done and it was time to leave. Got dressed and went out side where both Koto and the mamasan chatted with me as I put my shoes on and then both showed me the door bowing as I left.

Good place for a massage only service


