Thread Title: Regal Massage - 142 Regent Street Redfern - 9699 2843
Floor: #1
Post Time: 17th September 2016, 02:09 PM
Poster ID: badnews99
Post Title: 
 Regal Massage - 142 Regent Street Redfern - 9699 2843
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Bick

Establishment : Regal Massage, Redfern

Date of Visit : 10/09/2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Regal Massage Excellent at Deep tissue massage, 142 Regent Street Redfern NSW 2016, 02 9699 2843

Hours of Business : 10am to 10pm

Rates : Varies Starts $49 - I chose 2hr $150 package

Age : Mid 20's

Size/shape : Guy, Athletic

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Massage & Body Scrub

Value for money/recommend? : Yes, kind of

My experience/comments : Had hoped by now someone would have reviewed this place as its been open a while now, alas it's down to me.

Booked a massage and body scrub package online, they seem fairly responsive.
Asked if I had a preference for M or F, I didn't care.
Asked for a strong massage so was given the guy.
Footbath in reception before lead off to the nearest room. Walls don't go all the way up so it's a bit noisy.
Other than that the place seems clean and tidy. Looks like a traditional massage place, but you don't know what else is on unless you try things.

I could here some twat in reception asking for a prostate massage, not sure what the reply was.

The guy gave me a good hard massage, bit of tickle tackle but not overtly so.
Then onto the scrub, very invigorating but messy as all hell.
Was at full mast by the end of it expecting to be released but to no avail - although I didn't ask.
Led off to shower, this scrub shit is difficult to get off.
the manager came in and asked if I wanted a hand?
I assumed hand job so said yes, he proceed to help me was as I was in the shower and he was at the door.
Soaped me up and asked me to turn around, I still was at full mast and he soaped me up some more and gave me just two strokes.

Could I have gotten more? not sure.
Some guys are a bit afraid to he a HJ from another guy, I am not bothered.
So perhaps they were feeling me out. Who knows

if anyone else has had an experience here I would like to hear it.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 27th September 2019, 06:46 PM
Poster ID: whiteywhite
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Aya

Establishment : Regal Massage, Redfern

Date of Visit : Sept 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : As above

Rates : $130

Age : Mid 30's

Size/shape : Average

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Massage & Body Scrub

Value for money/recommend? : For a massage, yes

My experience/comments : 

I decided to invest in scoping this place out in my new hood. I'm fairly certain it's 100% legit. I went with the full body scrub and massage package, so you gotta be naked for the whole thing. All through the massage there was zero hands anywhere near anything fun, even when she was body-scrubbing my butt cheeks and upper thighs. After the flip my interest would have been pretty "physically evident" but she just ignored me. I didn't get offered any assistance in the shower either. 

Still worth it for the massage as I was quite sore at the time and she sure didn't hold back on the massage pressure.


