Thread Title: Secret Garden Thai Massage - 140 Victoria Rd, Potts Point -02 9331 0531
Floor: #1
Post Time: 2nd April 2010, 03:14 PM
Poster ID: ozrider
Post Title: 
 Secret Garden Thai Massage - 140 Victoria Rd, Potts Point -02 9331 0531
				
Post Content: 
Went to Secret Garden Thai Massage 140 Victoria Road Potts Point. 02 9331 0531
No line up but the girl I saw, Mai, was 20 and stunning.
The massage is done in a room with a standard massage table.  Excellent touch and also asks how firm you wish to be massaged.  Unfortunately she is clothed for the entire massage.
Happy ending was outstanding, nice slow start and plays with your balls.
Will definately be going back for a one hour massage.
30 minutes spent there, $45 total, a bargain.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 20th August 2010, 08:35 PM
Poster ID: smithy
Post Title: 
 Secret Garden 140 Victoria St Potts Point
				
Post Content: 
Establishment and/or person's Name: Secret Garden

Contact Details/Address: 140 Victoria St Pott Point

Hours of Business: (if known or applicable) 10am -10pm

Prices: $60/hour +

Age: 20's

Size/shape: Very fit

Nationality or Ethnicity: Thai

Services: R'n'T

Value for money/recommend?: Yes

My experience/comments: I saw Mina there last week. A lovely Thai girl with soft hands a nice voice, a great attitude.

It cost $60 for just the rub, an extra $20 for the ending.

Great stuff. Highly recommended. Going back soon.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 6th September 2010, 06:56 PM
Poster ID: Hohnerboy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
For me, there are few things worse on a punt than an unhappy happy ending, this almost happened today, and for once the big head made the decision to pull the pin, as it were.

I went here cos I was feeling like a good  massage, feeling a bit stingey, yet had a penchant for Thai, so the $60ph rate seemed like just the thing.

Was shown to the room by a guy, who also offered himself as a masseur (not sure if a happy ending was on offer there though), told the rates, an extra $20 for a HJ, an extra $60 (I think) for B2B, but this took it over the price of my fave Thai place in Artarmon, where an hour is only $110 and they strip down from the start.

I took the $80 30 min option, having already chosen Uni from two indifferent ladies sitting on the couch. Had a quick shower, and a hard but boring massage ensued. There was a little tackle tickle action happening, but the first warning signs were in evidence. A couple of times her legs were close to my hands, so I gave them a little stroke, causing her to move out of range. At about the 40 min mark it was roll over time, and a very un-erotic HJ started. Virtually no touching was allowed, and I cold see her heart wasn't really into it. For the record, I don't hold it against the ladies when this happens, after-all, a nude HB with a stiffy isn't everyone's cup of  tea 
I pulled the pin on the HJ rather than have the dreaded un-happy happy ending, and got a bit more leg massage to see the rest of my time out.

Then it was off to find that elusive happy ending I had my heart on


Floor: #4
Post Time: 9th December 2010, 08:13 PM
Poster ID: jaza202
Post Title: 
 Secret Garden Thai Massage
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Thai male massure

Establishment (if applicable): Secret Garden Thai Massage, Potts Point

Contact Details/Address: 140, Victoria St, Potts point

Hours of Business: (if known or applicable)

Prices: $60/hr

Age: massueur i met was about 23-26 years old

Size/shape: Slim

Nationality or Ethnicity: Thai

Services: Full body relaxing/sensual massage

Value for money/recommend?: Recommended and is value for money

My experience/comments: It's a nice and clean establishment, with around 4 or 5 private massage rooms. First the massuer will tell u to take all of your clothes off and lie on your front on the massage table, and then he will return to do the massage. It was a great massage. And then once u turn over, he'll do the front. Towards the end he asked me whether I want extra (hand relief), but i said no. I think it would have been around 10 or 20 dollars more for that. But still really good oil massage.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 17th October 2011, 02:20 PM
Poster ID: james-s
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
hi everyone. can anyone been here lately? i have heard that this place is now legit. can anyone confirm?


Floor: #6
Post Time: 17th October 2011, 05:33 PM
Poster ID: sinner
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by james-s


hi everyone. can anyone been here lately? i have heard that this place is now legit. can anyone confirm
"""



last post i have seen was at aus99 15 sept indicated business as usual..............................however unlike when they first started out............now a bit of groping will got you extra with managements approval


Floor: #7
Post Time: 30th June 2012, 12:49 AM
Poster ID: smithy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I've been to this place recently again, for legit massages only. I'm sure that if you ask nicely, you can get B2B and or RnT. But since I discovered Thai Oasis, I've only been having legit massages here at Secret Garden. And I have to say, they always have some who will do a great job.


Floor: #8
Post Time: 25th July 2013, 02:58 PM
Poster ID: LUNGOR
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I have not been back since my rather forgettable experience at the Garden back in September 2011, since there wasn't any detailed reviews on this shop, I thought I repost my old AR here to share, hope you guys don't mind :-

****************************

I finally got some time on Tuesday so rang ahead to book "Best" for an hour. Arrived at the Secret Garden. the Thai guy took me to one of the rooms at the end of the corridor, this is like a big temple built with timber, very Asian in the middle of Potts Point/Kings Cross, an oasis? hopefully the girl will not disappoint me. 

Paid the $120.00 for the 1 hr nude body to body massage, the papasan told me to get completely naked, the room is reasonably sized, very simple, one solid massage table in the middle of the room, lots of roll up towel in the bottom of the table. a column oil heater next to the table and it is already turned on so the room is quite warm, only problem is there is no window or air vent, so if you want some fresh air (or any air at all), you will need to keep the sliding door slightly open. There is a small vertical mirror on the wall but it's in the wrong place, it's on the side of the foot end of the massage table, should be on the side or the head end so you can see the body of the ML. 

In come the Thai girl Best, at first glance, I was a bit disappointed, very ordinary look, not ugly but you won't take a second look at her on the street, around 5 foot 2, darker skin, a bit chubby, not a MILF, but not young, may be very late 20 to early 30's, wearing a very loose dressing robe and I can see the big rack inside, which is what I am here for, so for that I wasn't disappoint, before I have time to check out the big tits, Best asked me to lay down on my face, so it's time to check out the Thai massage. Best told me apart from working in the Secret Garden Monday to Wednesday, she also works in a Thai Restaurant in Bankstown the rest of the week, no days off, hard working girl!! 

Best started off by using a small hot towel to wipe down my feet which was nice and followed by pressing on them and using her hands, fingers and fists pressing and pushing down on my feet, my lower leg, upper leg, my bum and my back over the towel, it was not bad, not great but enjoyable and reasonably firm. Then she moved to my upper back, my shoulder and my neck. then she used a bit of oil to gently massage my neck area, I quite like that becasue some ML (even some of the better one) will be too firm in the neck area and her gentler touch was a nice change. 

Best then applied lots of oil on my back and climbed on top on me and started her body slides. As she is not a small girl, there were plenty of weight and human flesh on top of me, so rather than feeling turned on or erotic, it was actually making me a bit uncomfotable. even though I can feel her big tits rubbing all over my back. 

This went on for about 5 min and Best asked me to turn over. I have a look at the wall clock, it was exactly 30 min since she entered the room, a bit early to turn over? it's ok, more time to play with her, fine by me. Wow, she has got really big tits!! must be 38 F Cup or something like that, Mia at 501 has got bigger tits and Mia's tits are very light coloured, Best has got darker skin but her tits are definitely firmer. 

By this time, I am overlooking Best's average looking face and wanted to concentrate on playing her tits, but she said, you want to touch my boobs, you have to pay more! WTF, why am I paying for a nude body to body slide massage and I can not touch the breast, this is not right, but under the circumstance, I gonna have to play with the tits, so I agreed to pay another $20 for the tits play. 

Ya, I got plenty of them, Best again oil herself up and climbed on top of me again and start giving the front body slide for about 2 minutes then she placed herself between my legs, put my cock into a tits fucking position and started to give me plenty of spanish. That was really good and my cock was completely disappeared inside her cleavage. I nearly cum, so I stopped her and said not yet. She said you need to cum now, it's nearly time, I look at the clock again, there is 20 min left in my count (remember she turned me over at the half hour mark!) She said you only have 15 min left and you need to shower and change so you need to cum now. 

That was a mood killer, I think all punters should have the right to cum just before the time he paid for, the time for shower and change should be outside the 30 min or 1 hr mark. 

Well, there is no point arguing, so I just raised her upper body a bit more to give me room so that I can moved my hips up and down, I used my both hands to grab her tits and pushed them together and slide my cock between them and fuck her tits as hard as I can until I shot plenty of my white jewels all over her dark skin breasts. A very happy ending, just a bit too short live, and my only regret was that I didn't shoot far enough to hit her face as she was looking down to see if I have cum. look to do a cum on tits and cum in face at the same time!! 

She cleaned me up and reminded me to pay her the tips, which is another bad move, more points dropped. As the shower room is down the hall and I didn't want to walk out with just a towel on me, it was cold outside at the time, so I just used the towel to wipe down the oil on my body and got dressed. 

As I walked out, the Papasan asked me how was the massage and I said, it was good and Best has a nice body, papasan said, Best is very popular girl here, lots of bookngs. I said why do I have to pay more to touch the girl when I have paid for the nude body to body massage, papasan said, usually you can only touch the legs and bum but if you want to touch the breast, you should pay more, I said ok then, I have already paid the girl and left. 

I looked back on the first posting by Brother Onthebeach, he did mentioned that he paid extra $20 for touching the breast so I guess I had missed that, but on principle, if you are paying for a nude massage, to my book, it is understood that you can touch the body. 

will I return, a very low maybe, Best does have a nice pair of tits and if I do return it will be for the tits fucking sensation only. everything else was only average including the cheating of time. I can have plenty much the same thing for $80.00 to see Mia (501 Newtown) vs. $140.00 for Best, she is definitely not $60.00 better than Mia. May be next time I should pay Mia the $140 and see what she will do to me............haha

Cheers


Floor: #9
Post Time: 25th July 2013, 04:09 PM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by LUNGOR


I have not been back since my rather forgettable experience at the Garden back in September 2011, since there wasn't any detailed reviews on this shop, I thought I repost my old AR here to share, hope you guys don't mind :- ..
"""



Do you mean your massage by 'Best' in September 2011 was the forgettable experience you describe in the many paragraphs following ?


Floor: #10
Post Time: 25th July 2013, 04:29 PM
Poster ID: hard
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by LUNGOR


I have not been back since my rather forgettable experience at the Garden back in September 2011, since there wasn't any detailed reviews on this shop, I thought I repost my old AR here to share, hope you guys don't mind :-............
"""



Hi Lungor,

You have a few rather good reviews here since signing on... don't spoil it! Maybe just me, but I doubt a 2 yo somewhat negative review will inspire too many punters... even if the thread's been dormant for over 12 months. Why not return, TOFTT and get some brownie points to boot?






 Originally Posted by LUNGOR


I nearly cum, so I stopped her and said not yet. She said you need to cum now, it's nearly time, I look at the clock again, there is 20 min left in my count (remember she turned me over at the half hour mark!) She said you only have 15 min left and you need to shower and change so you need to cum now. 

That was a mood killer, I think all punters should have the right to cum just before the time he paid for, the time for shower and change should be outside the 30 min or 1 hr mark....................


Maybe in Utopia! Must say in my case, I cum when the moment is right. Whatever comes first... massage, the tug, BJ or FS if it's happening... depends on the course of play - which varies from day-to-day and punt-to-punt. I wouldn't think it reasonable to expect "the right to cum" at any specific moment. IMO every punt is different and the girls don't all follow the same score-sheet...

I can't think of too many shops that have allotted shower time outside booked time, esp in heavily booked shops. 'Schedules' should be adhered to and there are many posted instances of overtime punters messing up timing for others. Also depends if the shower is in the room or down the hall... makes a difference to schedules.

Maybe after two years, you've changed your ideas on showers!!!


