Thread Title: Siam Therapy - Lvl 4, 600 George St, Sydney - 02 8068 0179
Floor: #1
Post Time: 28th October 2012, 03:42 PM
Poster ID: EvilGenius
Post Title: 
 Siam Therapy - Lvl 4, 600 George St, Sydney - 02 8068 0179
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : I didn't ask his name ....

Establishment : Siam Therapy Massage and Spa

Date of Visit : 27/10/2012

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Shop 2 Level 4 600 Georgs St Sydney/ ph 8068 0179/ Siam Therapy Massage

Hours of Business : 9:00 am to 9:00 pm (on their card)

Rates : $69 ph Special (usually $79 I think) oil massage. Also a bunch of other options ...

Age : 30ish

Size/shape : A Bloke

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai (I assume)

Services Provided : Massage

Value for money/recommend? : If you only want a massage ....

My experience/comments : 

Yesterday, I was in the City on matters unrelated to punting. While there I felt the need to replenish my sugar and cholesterol levels, so I called into the Hungry Jacks in the Event Cinema building. I sat looking out the window at the passing scenery (very pleasant some of it was ...), and noticed that on the awning of the building opposite there was a yellow and black sign "Thai Massage".

This was on the building that used to be a cinema (The Forum/Plaza/Lyceum??) but now is a McDonalds. So curiosity and cholesterol levels increased, I wandered across the road for a closer look. As I wander by, I notice there is a slim petite Thai lady standing by the door holding a sign advertising sign offering oil massage for a "Special price" of $69 per hour and showing the hours of the shop as 10:00 am to 10:00 pm Thai Massage - long hours, might be my type of shop. So I ask myself "What is the worst that can happen?" and catch the lift to Level 4. Now the fact that this is in the "Therapeutic Massage" section and the review template describes a bloke probably indicates what did happen.

I was expecting the place to be a hasty conversion of some office space, but I was wrong. The place is quite well set up - fresh paint, polished wood floors, all matching furniture and so on. I think there are eight rooms. Reception asks me to take a seat and soon a Thai gentleman leads me around to a lounge (my masseur as it turns out). He tells me to take off my shoes and socks and then brings a bowl of water for me to soak my feet in. He then dries my feel and leads me to the massage room.  The walls on the right and the far end of the "room" are solid walls that stop short of the ceiling. The "door" and the left wall are curtains. He tells me to take off my clothes, but leave my underwear on, and lie face down. He departs briefly and returns with the oil and a dish of warm water.

What follows was a thorough massage - lots of firm work with hands and elbows. For a lot of the massage, I had a towel over me with only the part he was massaging exposed. During this, I had to restrain myself from my usual "massage reflexes" - the reaching for legs and buttocks and so on. I don't think he would have appreciated it. I just kept reminding myself "He's a bloke." All done, there was cup of tea waiting for me near the reception desk.

So, all up: if you want a massage, and just a massage, this place might suit. There are also ladies massaging there.

And there was a box of tissues on the shelf in the corner of the room ....


Floor: #2
Post Time: 28th October 2012, 05:22 PM
Poster ID: bill_100
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Maybe the slim petite Thai lady who enticed you into the place uses the tissues EG!


Floor: #3
Post Time: 28th October 2012, 06:50 PM
Poster ID: hard
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
A very nice description EG. Reminds me of many places in Thailand. There, however, there is always the option of going 'upstairs' or 'next door' where further delights are to be enjoyed... 

I'd be surprised if there has never been further delights here too... but of course, deviate that I am, I probably would have engaged my usual "massage reflexes"... after all, a tug is a tug is a tug... 

But then again...


Floor: #4
Post Time: 28th October 2012, 07:11 PM
Poster ID: handle90
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I typed a review for this place last week, but the crap server didn't save it. I didn't leave my underwear on - naughty me. I received an average massage from "Peach" and no extras were available.


