Floor: #1
Post Time: 9th May 2018, 10:07 AM
Poster ID: curly69
Post Title: 
 Siam Wellness Massage Therapy 519/375 George St, Sydney NSW 2000  (02) 9299 0511
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lina

Establishment : Siam Wellness Massage Therapy

Date of Visit : 28/4/2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :  519/375 George St, Sydney NSW 2000  (02) 9299 0511v

Hours of Business : 10 - 7pm I think

Rates : 45/30 60/45 and 85/60 - massage only. There are other options as well for different treatments + $20 for HJ

Age : late 20s

Size/shape : solid, B Cups, pretty face

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : RnT

Value for money/recommend? :  No way - better else where

My experience/comments : 

I was in Sydney on the weekend around 11ish and looking for a massage with benefits. Rang the 2 places opposite QVB and they were both busy until 1.30. Rang 197 Clarence and again busy for a few hours - maybe I should have taken this as a punting sign to give up . I then remember that there was a place near maccas on George st that I thought would be worth a try. Rocked up and there was a lady handing out leaflets at the front, so took one and headed up to the 5th floor. Now there are 2 places here one is Tangs and the other is this place, didn't realise this until to late . Anyway went up the lift to the 5th floor and got out and went to the reception. The girl showed me the menu and I choose the 1 hour massage. She leads me down the hall to a room which I would describe as a closet, only slightly bigger than the massage table. The walls do not go up to the ceiling so any noise can be heard in the next room. I am sure there are larger rooms than this but they seemed to be occupied - I think from memory there were 4 others. The girl says to strip and lay down on the bed. I do so hanging my clothes on the rack - only space available and I am naked when the girl returns laying face down on the bed.

She puts her stuff down then commences and absolutely crap massage, lots of oil and no technique in getting the kinks out of my back. She asked at the beginning and I asked for a hard massage and this was it, bloody awful. This continued for around 45 minutes before she asked if I would like anything else? I asked what was on offer, $50 HJ and no nude option. I said that is a bit pricey and counted with $20, she hummed and harred  a bit before saying OK and went to get a hot towel to get rid of the 2 litres of oil on my back. She returned quickly and wiped me down and using 3 towels to get rid of the oil. Turnover time, no TT or anything to get me going and she is straight into it. Dumps a further litre of oil on the oil feller and starts to wack away at a great rate of knots. This girl has no idea of how to tug a fella. I tell her to slow down and I give her a few instructions on what I like, trying to preserve my cock from being yanked off my body. She listens and slows down with a bit of ball tickle thrown in - kudos to her for listening, hope this helps future punters. Anyway after around 10 minutes of tutorial and showing her how to tug a fella she eventually got me to shoot the goop everywhere. Clean up time with a couple of hot towels and I handed over the toll for the extras, she left the room immediately to go and service another poor unsuspecting punter.

Onthe whole the experience was rubbish, the facilities that I had are poor. I gather on listening to a bloke in another room getting some sort of wrap thing that there is a shower, but maybe not for massages.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 10th May 2018, 12:28 AM
Poster ID: wachumba
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
There should be another thai shop down the hall from Tangs on level 1 as well unless it has shut down.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 10th May 2018, 06:09 AM
Poster ID: massageboy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by wachumba


There should be another thai shop down the hall from Tangs on level 1 as well unless it has shut down
"""



It was alive and well a couple of weeks ago when I walked up the stairs to the watch repairer. Pretty sure it is still open.


