Thread Title: Sila Thai massage - Lvl 2, 96 Liverpool St, Sydney - 02 8958 3148
Floor: #1
Post Time: 1st May 2013, 12:53 PM
Poster ID: martinriggs
Post Title: 
 Sila Thai massage - Lvl 2, 96 Liverpool St, Sydney - 02 8958 3148
				
Post Content: 
Establishment: Miracle Hands of Thai Massage
Location: Level 2, 96 Liverpool Street Sydney CBD
Opening hours: 10am - 10pm 7 days
Services: Thai massage
Price: $80/70 mins
Extras: To be confirmed...

Thought I'd take one for the team and tried what seems to be a relatively new Thai massage joint in the city. The promo said 'young, attractive' masseurs so I thought it was worth a shot. Turned up with no booking and waited in the room for the ML. While I waited I could hear the punter next door making the ML giggle and lots of whispering and figured I had picked well.

Got a hot young Thai girl called Sasi. She was very flirty and kept putting her tits in my face throughout. She gave a great massage and plenty of tackle tickle throughout. Seemed okay with some return touching but as she was coming up to the hour and no offer had been made I asked for extras and was told no! Disappointing as I was really hoping for a B2B. She kept flirting and playing but it went nowhere.

Might return to see if I can crack it...love a challenge


Floor: #2
Post Time: 2nd May 2013, 02:30 PM
Poster ID: Overtheedge
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I went to this place a few months ago.

I  was hoping for extras in the room.  Whilst disappointed that nothing was offered (would have liked my top knocked off even though she wasn't overly attractive) i did get a good massage.  I woke up to my own snoring.

OTE


Floor: #3
Post Time: 2nd May 2013, 07:29 PM
Poster ID: TheBigM
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hmm, Thai massage joint at that part of town and no offering of extras, can't see it last too long..


Floor: #4
Post Time: 8th July 2016, 04:38 PM
Poster ID: Charles
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
This thread appears to be under the incorrect section as it seems the shop is located in Sydney city.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 2nd June 2017, 11:07 AM
Poster ID: antares01
Post Title: 
 Sila Thai Massage - 2/96 Liverpool St Sydney - (02) 8958 3148
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jenny

Establishment : Sila Thai Massage

Date of Visit : May 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 2/96 Liverpool St Sydney - (02) 8958 3148 - Unable to find a website

Hours of Business : 10am to 10pm 7 days

Rates : $65/hr oil massage + extras.  

Age : Guess at mid 20's

Size/shape : slim 7 C cup (guess)

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : RnT clothed

Value for money/recommend? : Not really

My experience/comments : Given Holistic Hands has now closed, thought I would try and find a new place and TOFTT.  Couldn't see any reviews on this place in AXR so thought I would drop in and "see what we shall see".

Up two flights of stairs and into reception area, Mamasan and 2 girls lounging around.  Jenny approaches me "you want massage?  How long for?" I am offered a flyer with the usual Thai massage combinations - turns out oil relaxation massage is $65/hr with lower rates for 30 and 45 min.  Jenny takes me into one of the rooms, "take clothes off please, back in minute" and points to massage table.

Small place, looks like 2 massage rooms with 3/4 high walls and doors plus reception and some sort of utility room. Rooms are quite small - only room for table plus 3/4 metre clearance, hooks on back of door to hang your clothes and a small stool in corner.  No sign of a tissue box - not good, cold and the heaters are turned off - also not good.  Anyway, I get undressed, hang my clothes up and sit on the bed waiting for Jenny to return.  Jenny returns and takes the accessories off the table to allow me to lie down. She also turns on one of the heaters (tiny blow job - pun intended ) Usual question re any particular treatment areas and Jenny starts a kneading type massage through a light sheet.  This initial massage includes a couple of forays between my legs and TT so it would appear extras are on here despite being a Thai place.  Jenny herself is a cute little thing, quite cheeky with good English, good fun to be with 

Massage progresses quite nicely with the thin sheet being used for notional draping and me having to moderate some of Jenny's more painful elbow probing efforts.  When we progress to the back of my legs all pretext of Thai massage goes out the window and we are into light sensual massage with lots of reach through TT and flirting from Jenny.  I ask the Q re extras and Jenny won't budge $50 for HJ - touch anywhere through clothes, no more and no less.  In the end I relent (purely for research purposes ) and agree but I also point out to her that next time she will either have to to more, or drop the price.  

We continue with the sensual massage and Jenny really is very good at this.  Eventually she asks me to turn over, provides a pillow and continues with a lovely sensual front massage.  She is in no hurry to finish and provides a lovely slow build up to a very competent HJ.  She found some tissues from somewhere for a token clean up then went out to get a wet towel - small, luke warm as it turns out, didn't look the cleanest and gave me a very casual wipe down.  As she was doing this she mentioned things have been very quiet of late and I was only their second customer for the day - this was at 8pm and they had been open since 10am.

Jenny was very grateful for the $50 tip which I paid at the end, lots of hugs and kisses - she said that increasingly punters are playing games with the extras tip and refusing to pay after the event.

Jenny is a Thu/Fri/Sat girl.

WIR?  Probably not, pretty cramped, poor clean-up - you need to shower before going home, limited pricey extras.

As always YMMV

BTW, they have a loyalty card $20 off every 6th massage.


