Thread Title: Tang Massage - 287 Parramatta Rd, Glebe - 02 9566 4994
Floor: #1
Post Time: 8th December 2010, 06:53 AM
Poster ID: avaya2010
Post Title: 
 Tang Massage - 287 Parramatta Rd, Glebe - 02 9566 4994
				
Post Content: 
Tang Deep Relaxation Centres
287 Broadway (Parramatta Road) GLEBE
02 9566 4994 / 0403 280 886
30/60	$35.00/$55.00
tangmassage.com.au

TOFTT in Glebe

I already knew about the 88a Hampden Road shop in Artarmon but was surprised to see they have four shops dotted arounjd Sydney.

So, on a lazy afternoon I decided to toftt and go on an adventure... and an adventure it was indeed.

Drove past the address and I suddenly realised that this used to be a Hawaiian Massage/Healing called KaHuna. Their website actually still shows photos of the interior (http://www.kahunaaustralia.com.au/Glebe.htm) and in particular the 'KahuNa Shamans Cave' looks exactly like the place where I ended up.

But it looks like these people have indeed moved on while Tang has moved in! 

I arrived late in the afternoon in Glebe and found a place to park underneath the Broadway Mall, probably well know to those that frequent the Kings Court Massage place.

There is a discreet entrance at the back of Tangs in Derwent Lane. I rang the bell and a gorgeous young Chinese girl opens up and invites me in. This is looking good, but I take one step inside and all of a sudden it doesn't look so good anymore and more importantly, it doesn't smell good either. What a mess! There is stuff everywhere and the whole place reeks of mould and stale water. Of course we had a fair bit of rain lately and these old sandstone places probably won't smell nice & crips, but this is pretty foul nonetheless.

Anyway, the girl (Mia/Maya was her name) was very friendly and very pretty so I decided to put up with it for now and take a chance. I followed her further into the room formerly known as Shamans Cave and indeed a cave it is, the smell is even more evident here and the massage room itself looks and smells indeed like cave, but then one that the Shaman has abandoned a long time ago... and with good reason.

The room is filled with all kinds of stuff, not just a massage table and a little cart with baby oil and tissues as in most places, but anything from bulk bags of toilet rolls to the biggest widescreen television I have ever seen. There are two massage tables in the room (doubles?) but one of them is loaded up with clean towels. So I get ready and lay face down on the free table with my head in the little Hello Kitty ring cushion. Again the smell enters my nose and plays havoc in lungs. Should I leave?  

Mia comes back in and looks indeed gorgeous, she's quite tall for a Chinese girl and has the cutest smile. I think I'm in love. Somehow I completely forget about the smell when she starts the massage and I look at her in the wobbly mirrors that are around the room. I had asked for the Hawaiian style as this is what they advertise (maybe an idea they got from the previous owner?) and she rubs me long and soft, using her full arms to do the work on my back and legs. My hands rest on her hips when she massages my head, but she gently puts them back next to my body on the table. That's fine, I respect that. She does however, not shy away from those parts on my body that scream to be touched and slowly works me up into a frenzy. This chick really knows what she's doing! She tells me she normally works in the Erskine Street branch but is sometimes here in Glebe. Well, I know where I'm going to go next! 

I asked for half an hour, but am sure that more than 30 minutes have passed before it is 'turnover time' and she teases a bit more on by slowly massaging my legs and belly. Good stuff. She starts on the little fella and boy she's good. Lots of oil and it's time for business. I manage to last quite a while and feel almost bad for making her work that hard for the extra money so a good tip will be on the cards. Total damage $35 for 30+ mins excluding the HJ for which I gave her a nice big tip. Fan-friggin-tastic! Now if they could just fix the smell or move somewhere clean...

Will I be back? Yes, most likely not in Glebe; but Erskine Street sounds pretty darn good. Mia here I come...  again :-)


Floor: #2
Post Time: 24th March 2011, 04:39 PM
Poster ID: addicted_moron
Post Title: 
 Tang - 287 Parramatta Road Glebe
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: ????? (Chinese)

Establishment : Tang

Date of Visit: 9th Mar, 2011

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: Tang Massage, Glebe

Hours of Business: till late evening

Rates: $70 per hour

Age: 35+

Size/shape: Slim and Faint

Nationality or Ethnicity: Chinese

Services Provided: Massage + hand relief

Value for money/recommend?: Ok..... Ok.

My experience/comments: They have two entrances, one on Parra Road and other one at the rear.  When I went to book my massage session on previous day I saw a beautiful girl opening the door.  But she was not ready for what I wanted.  She told to come back tomorrow.  There was another girl.  First of all she denied, but later she got convinced with 20 bucks.  Real cheap! But service was also ok... ok....


Floor: #3
Post Time: 18th October 2012, 02:08 AM
Poster ID: Greek
Post Title: 
 Sara
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sara

Establishment : Massage shop corner of parra and glebe point rd

Date of Visit : 17/10/12

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0423010483

Hours of Business : N/A

Rates : $60/30mins

Age : 26

Size/shape : Petite

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Massage with happy ending

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : 

This review will be light hearted compared to my previous one.

So after work felt the urge rise up, tried calling the usual girls I go to, but all were busy. Started searching on the iphone like an addict, all back against the wall so no one could see what I was looking on my phone had to go down a laneway coz of the paranoia, finally found an add that sounded interesting.

A massage place with happy ending and other services negotiated with the girls at the establishment, people like us know what that means. So I called the number and lady said two girls on Sara and Kara, got the address and caught the bus to the corner still coudnt find it, called her again and she guided me to a shop front that said clinic massage which was very close to a bus stop, parra drivers, city people and uni studnets HHHMMM, discrete hell no. 

One rule for me, never expose your dark passanger [that reference's for the Dexter viewers ] so I wait infront of the window next to the actual shop pretending to window shop until its dead, and walk in..little pocket rocket receptionist says go in room and girl is coming, room had massage table music playing the usual but clean.


Girl comes in in broken english "Hi, I'm Sara" In my head I few things occured, 1. I'm happy with this girl as she's cute, petite, young. 2. potential to have my cock inside of her. 3. As i didnt see anyother girls, the smoking hot receptionist was Zara as she kinda matched the piture on the add and next time I'll specifically ask for Zara as my cock inside of her would satisfy the urge alittle better.

So she says undress and lay down, I get naked and lay down she starts massaging sensually for 10mins and I finally ask how much for full service, she said oh no no no not me, so I use some objection handling skills..5mins later as shes massaging away she goes how much would you pay for full service, I said I only have $60 on me, Sara wss like $100 and you can have me. Frustration and annoyed at myself that I had hesitation when taking out money thinking it might be a legit massage place. Sara works Wednesdays and Saturdays, but I will definitely be inside of her next week. She ended with her taking her clothes off and me grabbing that ass and trying to touch her asshole which had a nice texture and seemed tight. She started jerking me off, I was way to horny I popped in 5 mins. Chit chat at the end as I'm dressing, pleasant girl, felt like taking her home and taking care of her coz she looked so innocent.

So final comments I would go back, Sara is a pleasent girl which needs to be fully experienced full service style.

Cheers,

Greek


Floor: #4
Post Time: 18th October 2012, 08:59 AM
Poster ID: exmelpunter
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hey greek, nice review.  Had to laugh at your window shop tale though.  NOTHING is more of a giveaway than a bloke window shopping on a street.  The only way to deal with this is to walk confidently but discreetly down the street straight into the premises in question.  The number of times i've done this while I've spotted other guys 'lurking' at windows nearby is countless.  I've even seen guys window shopping at boarded up shops.  Fucking hilarious.  So, dont window shop if you want to remain annon.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 4th August 2013, 10:03 PM
Poster ID: tiny1234
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
has anybody been here lately


