Thread Title: Thai Remedy Darling Harbour - Pyrmont - 0450 555 858
Floor: #1
Post Time: 22nd November 2015, 11:24 AM
Poster ID: Siegfried
Post Title: 
 Thai Remedy Darling Harbour - Pyrmont - 0450 555 858
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Amy


Establishment : Thai Remedy

Date of Visit : last week, Sunday I think.

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Darling Harbour Thai Remedy - Asian Massage Sydney

Hours of Business : 9am to 9pm

Rates : $55 for 60 minutes 

Age : 22 or so

Size/shape : short, size 12plus? 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai


Services Provided : massage, HJ, Spanish

Value for money/recommend? : yes

My experience/comments :  this place is across the road from the ibis hotel, up the hill, first lane on the right and then first doorway on the right, down hallway, through the glass door to the reception desk

First impression: Amy has a dazzling smile. She's is short, she has limited English. Wearing a baggy shirt and short shorts.Some older Australian guy is prompting her response  to my questions. I haven't booked, and I think they prefer bookings. I'm not sure if she will say available or not. Anyway all good to go. Shoes left  in the cupboard near the front door. Room was very large and clean. No tissues in sight- not a good sign. Table is very solid. 


I undress and lie down on the table. Amy covers me in a towel and progressively oils and massages each of my limbs.  Stays well away from my cock and ass - not a good sign.  I fondle her legs as she massages away- a good sign. I'm very relaxed and every few minutes she asks if I'm ok. I guess she wonders if I have died on the table. I confirm I'm all ok.  She clambers up on the table. Quite a challenge  when you are short as she is. She straddles and works over my back. 

At about the fifty minute mark I have waited long enough, too long in fact. So I asked her if she does body to body. With her beautiful smile she looks at the clock as if to say "why did you take so long to ask?" and suggests a handjob .  I suggest nude. She says  I wouldn't like her body. Her body is not my first preference but I find her really attractive.We agree on topless. $50 for ten minutes.Thats a bit steep for 10 minutes but I'm here and I'm horny.
She starts the handjob but I like her boobs so I put my cock between them. She seems a bit surprised but is into it.  I creamed them.  Very satisfying. Time is up.  I look forward to a return visit to a sweet lady with a dazzling smile for more Spanish and to see what else may be available.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 23rd November 2015, 05:53 AM
Poster ID: Siegfried
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Mods: please correct the phone number to 0450 555 858


Floor: #3
Post Time: 23rd November 2015, 10:33 AM
Poster ID: WOTAN01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by Siegfried


Mods: please correct the phone number to 0450 555 85
"""



Corrected  mobile number.


