Floor: #1
Post Time: 19th August 2015, 09:56 PM
Poster ID: antares01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Mini

Establishment : Tulip Massage

Date of Visit : 19/8/2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :Address: L1/750 George St Haymarket NSW (PRESS 1 IN LIFT)
Back Entrance: L1/750 Parker lane Haymarket NSW 2000 . ABOUT US
Phone number :0426 145 539/0406 341 345

Hours of Business : Open 7days a week from 10am to 2am

Rates : 30min/40 45min/50 60min/60 90min/100 (double $ for 4 hands) plus 20 for HJ

Age : 24

Size/shape : remained clothed slim size 6-8 I guess

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Massage and HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Perhaps

My experience/comments : Saw Nirvana's review of this place so thought I would try it out.  Dropped in without a booking.  Entrance and fit out exactly as described by Nirvana.  No one in reception, waited a couple of minutes and Mamasan arrives at the run.  Pretty abrupt, takes my $60 for 1 hour, escorts me to a room and leaves me there without a word.  Mmmmmmm not the best of starts.  After a 5 minute wait during which I remove my clothes, Mini appears.  Reasonably friendly with good English, I am up front re extras, Mini does HJ only so give her the standard $20 and onto the table.  Following her question, I have explained to Mini I would like it slow and sensual .  

So, Mini starts off by covering me with a heavy sheet and commences a firm kneading massage on my back and legs.  After 10 min or so, lowers the sheet to my bum and starts oil massage to my back from neck to bum.  Very nice, quite therapeutic but not sensual at all.  Mini now moves to my left leg and folds the sheet away to allow access.  Very nice leg and bum massage with her fingers sliding right up into my groin - alas, no real TT.  Change over to right leg with same technique then "turn over" with sheet held up as a modesty screen  .  Once rolled over Mini then drapes me with the sheet with one leg uncovered and my legs are massaged in turn with a repeat of the earlier technique, hands sliding right up into groin but again no TT. After both legs have been done Mini removed the sheet and commenced a very oily HJ.  She has a nice technique which was little spoilt by the lack of build up.  Clearly touching was off the menu as Mini deliberately placed my arms away from her as she moved around during the session and she stayed well down the table where possible.  I had to ask for extra hot wet towels to clean up, no offer of a shower.

Mini has been working there for 4 months and works most evenings.

In summary, clean well fitted out shop, nice therapeutic massage but really didn't cut it for me on the sensual/erotic side.  WIR? Probably not for Mini.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 25th August 2015, 02:20 PM
Poster ID: newbie111
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Wow this place open til 2AM? i wonder how they got the council to approve their trading hours?! lol


Floor: #3
Post Time: 15th March 2016, 02:26 PM
Poster ID: gentlescream
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Nattie

Establishment : Tulip Massage

Date of Visit : 14/3/2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : L1/750 George St Haymarket NSW - I used back entrance through Parker Lane

Hours of Business : Until 2 or 3am

Rates : $40 for the hour + $50 for Rd 2

Age : Mid 20s

Size/shape : Solid, fine body. One of THE absolute finest asses I've ever seen.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Massage + nude HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Mostly Yes.

The thing that appealed to me about this place is its opening hours. Countless times there have been the 10pm nights that rolled around and I wanted a serious massage rather than an FS. 

So, I happened to be in the city one evening and decided to sample this place for future reference. When I stepped in the back entrance, the girls were having dinner. No one in particular caught my eye, but one girl did pop into my peripheral vision. 

Took care of the cash near the front entrance, entered room, stripped and waited. Lo and behold the one I was hoping for came in. Nattie has one of those solid full bodies that I love to get my hands on. She hasn't been in Australia long. English is above average though. 

She began with a medium massage. She really knows what she's doing. I have been in need of a massage for quite a while. She noticed all the cracking that was going on when she was "doing" me. The massage felt so great that I almost didn't want/need a round 2. (I was only kidding myself).

She asked if I wanted an HJ as the massage was nearing to end. I turned over and handed her the cash. She stripped down to reveal...one of the finest assess I have ever seen during my punting years (5~6 yrs-ish). Oh my goodness. It's one of those asses you see on Instagram these days. Of course there are those as good or better out there, but man this one truly was a sight to be hold. I'd take her off the market if I could just for that ass. 

Her round 2 wasn't particularly awesome, but above average. She has great stamina in her wrists. I had my hands and lips all over that ass. She doesn't do much of a catbath (something I've needed for a long time), but does know how to body rub properly. She got me to release after a good long tug. 

Turns out she also does incalls for FS at her own residence. Quite pricey though. 

Will definitely back in time if for nothing else, the massage.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 22nd April 2018, 06:19 AM
Poster ID: antares01
Post Title: 
 CBD Japanese Massage - L1/750 George Street Sydney CBD - 0426 145 539
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Tiasa    

Establishment :  CBD Japanese Massage  

Date of Visit : March 2018    

Phone: 0426 145 539    

Address: L1/750 George Street Sydney CBD    

Weblink : Sydney CBD Massage - 750 George Street - Haymarket / Chinatown 

Hours of Business : 10AM – 2AM 7days    

Rates : $60hr plus tip    

Age : 20's    

Size/shape : Slim 6 B cup trimmed    

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai    

Services Provided : Nude RnT 

Value for money/recommend? : Not really    

My experience/comments :   I vaguely remembered visiting here a few years ago.  Older Chinese lady handing out flyers in George St.  Decided to TOFTT.  Turns out lift is broken and you have to go around the back to the Parker La entrance.  Bit dodgy at night and I won't try this again, particularly coming out afterwards.  Up the grubby stairs and in through the back entrance into the office area, untidy and bit of a mess.  Girls are sitting around eating and chatting.  

One of the girls got up and approached me, "you want massage? How long?" She took my $60 then showed me through to one of the rooms, "take off, back soon".  I note there is a fresh full length cover on the massage table and the room is clean.  Girl comes back, I ask and her name is Tiasa.  Her English wasn't particularly good and I only got the spelling from the business card she handed me as I was leaving – more on the business card later.  I raised the matter of extras and we agreed on $50 nude which I gave her up front.    

Taisa gets me to lay down on table and starts a rather weak oil massage on my back and compliments the massage by singing along to the piped music.  I have to say her singing was rather sweet and of a much higher standard than her massage.  The singing continued as Taisa slowly worked down my body to me feet then back up again.  Very light pressure and no TT at all.    

After the flip, Taisa removed her clothes, lovely unblemished Thai body.  Taisa gave me a bit of a token front massage while keeping out of reach then into the tug.  HJ skills were OK.  Clean up with wet wipes and after she had dressed, I had to ask her to get a wet towel to finish up.  Taisa, left me alone to get dressed and find my way out to the office area.  Once I met up with her in the office, I asked for a shop card with her name on it (also to confirm shop details). I was most surprised when she went to a business card box full of cards for Dragonfly Full Body Massage @ 615-617 George St.  Taisa wrote he name on the back and gave it to me.  The other girls were obviously impressed I was asking for a card with Taisa's name on it and were teasing her a bit.  Little did they know there was no way I was returning to see Taisa.    

Summary    

Back entrance is really dodgy at night – suggest avoidRooms are clean and tidy with fresh cover on tableTaisa's singing skills far outweigh her massage skills.WIR? Not for me.Looks like this place might be associated with Dragonfly up the road. This shop used to be called Tulip Massage - suggest new owners as name and phone have changed, hence new thread


Floor: #5
Post Time: 22nd April 2018, 06:36 AM
Poster ID: antares01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Mods, I guess please delete the last 3 posts and this one as they don't ad value.  Thanks A1


