Thread Title: Vigo Massage - 83 King St, Newtown - 0405 391 818
Floor: #1
Post Time: 11th April 2012, 11:40 AM
Poster ID: lofty14u
Post Title: 
 Vigo Massage - 83 King St, Newtown - 0405 391 818
				
Post Content: 
Can't seem to find the review template on here, but here goes.
Went to Newtown last Thursday and revisited this joint. Been there before, probably 9 or so months ago. Had a happy ending massage, but I remember the lady was gonna rip my old fella off, it felt that savage. She also did a VERY strong massage, so much so, that I was in pain during and for some time after.
Anyway, I was back in the area and managed to slip off for an hour or so, so dropped in there again.
Went inside, and the place has had a facelift. LAst time, I was being flipped off and there was a woman being massaged on the other side of a thin sheet that was the dividing "wall" between us. I could actually see a very faint outline of the woman, laying on the table, as the sun was on the other side of her. So I had to be very quiet as she did her stuff. I remember laughing to myself, 'cos it was fairly obvious what was going on in my cubicle, judging by the slurping/oily noises as she worked my tool to completion. Anyway, I digress...........Went in last thursday and as I said, the place has had a facelift. Now has solid walls and lockable doors. Same woman that assaulted my member was there and she reckons she remembered the Lofty......not too sure on that, buy whatever!
It used to be her and a guy who did the massages. The guy was doing the womans massage, I mentioned above. However, this time, only the previous woman and her new offsider. Both middle aged PRC ladies. Neither of them I'd stand back and think............5hit, I'd love to tap that!!! But, as I love the asian flavour, I wasn't too concerned. I stripped off thinking that my previous lady was gonna do the job, probably because she remembered me, that's the only reason i thought that.
Anyway her offsider comes in with the other woman in tow. I ask, who does the massage and she points to the second woman. I looked a little non plussed and she said, don't wolly, she do good job, same as me, OK?
Who was I to argue, so I lay down and she starts the massage, with the other one giving instructions in Chinese. I ask if I'm gonna have two lady massage??? She laughs and says NO! Any way, lady number two leaves after 10 or so m is and I am laying there having a pretty good massage. She stands in front of my head and i reach around and grab her on the arse......why do all asians have such great arses??? Doesn't seem to matter the age, or what they look like, they all seem to have such fine arses IMHO!!
She laughs and says you want blah blah blah.....I didn't actually catch what she said, but she was now touching my balls, so I thought it was obviously something good, so I said OK! She says, you give me twenty dollars tip, OK? I agree and she starts massaging me around the balls and cock, while i continue to lay on my stomach. I raise my hips a bit and she is sort of milking my c0ck, like you'd milk a cow.....it felt very good. All the while, she is massaging the nuts in unison. I was in heaven at this stage. So I layed there for a while, copping the milking and then I thought I'd better flip over to get some additional attention. I wanted to play with her cnut etc, so I flip over and little Lofty is well and truly ready for action. She smiled and said something again, I didn't catch it, but I think she was happy with the flag pole at full tilt. She threw some more oil on him and started a fairly basic hand job. I'm by this stage needing to see some cnut. It really does help me over the line, if i can see and touch a lovely asian cnut. So I touch her and ask to take pants off? She laughed and said, no, I don't want boss to know?? WTF?? I persisted and tried in vain, but no deal. So I touched her through her pants. Sort of thin trackie dacks....very sexy....not! But they were thin enough that I was actually able to feel her cnut pretty well. It was even very wet and damp, through the material. She continued on with this handie as I felt her nether regions. She put her face very close to little lofty as she was doing it and I thought to myself.....if you stay there love, youre gonna get splashed fairly soon...lol
Aell, i reckon she's flipped the odd c0ck or two and she must have seen my balls getting locked and loaded in the fireing position, cos she moved her head away, right at the time I was about to unload a full magazine. And a fine load it was, if i say so myself. She even made another comment, one which I had no idea what she said, but I assume it was the chinese equivelent of "fcuk, that went everywhere", or something along those line. 
So, there I was, laying all exposed, sagging lofty, shrinking back to his pre jizz state, with bullets still oozing out. She grabs the tissues and cleans him upand proceeds to finish the massage of my legs. She spent just over an hour and the massage on the legs was awesome, as she was working some tight knots out.
Would I return?? Well, as I said, Ive been there before, and will go again. 
They're not hot looking 20 something asian tarts, but old boilers. I like that, cos, I'm not trying tofcuk them, just like to get over the line and if I can touch/see some cnut in the process, mores the better.
Cost me $50 for the massage and $20 tip.
Money well spent, as I walked out of there probably 80 or so minuites later, a very satisfied man.
I grabbed a card on the way out, address is above, phone is 0405391818 and the name of the joint is Vigo MAssage, 83 King Street, Newtown. Got no idea what the ladies names are, it wasn't really a concern for me at the time. Plus the second one, she no speak velly good inglit!! lol


Floor: #2
Post Time: 11th April 2012, 07:15 PM
Poster ID: Jack Kerouac
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hi Lofty14u,

Glad to see a review of this place.

I and my nephew Efrem Zimbalist Farquar have passed it numerous times, but didn't get around to checking it out.

I plan to see it soon and hopefully post a review.

Jack


Floor: #3
Post Time: 12th April 2012, 05:45 PM
Poster ID: massageaddict
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Just what we don't need, another charging $20 for an HJ. Waste of time and money. I will stick with 501/523


Floor: #4
Post Time: 30th December 2012, 04:13 PM
Poster ID: lofty14u
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by massageaddict


Just what we don't need, another charging $20 for an HJ. Waste of time and money. I will stick with 501/52
"""



Ha ha, just noticed this post..........yeah, $20 for a tug is a real killer eh???!!


Floor: #5
Post Time: 6th March 2015, 10:38 AM
Poster ID: neil98761
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Didn't bother to ask (I knew I would not be going back)

Establishment : Not sure if it has a name now

Date of Visit : 20 February 2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 83 King Street, Newtown

Hours of Business :  11am to ?

Rates : $60 / 1 hour

Age : 50?

Size/shape : Average

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai?

Services Provided : Massage

Value for money/recommend? : Not for me.

My experience/comments : I went here because of the above review and because I live nearby and the idea of walking to a punt has always appealed to me (from what I have read, 501 ans 329b are not what they used to be. I tried 421 recently and it is not what it used to be. I will try 447 soon). I would say it has changed hands since lofty14u's visit. It looks pretty legit now. I don't think it is called Vigo any more. When I walked in, I was greeted by an older Thai lady. Agreed on 1 hour massage. Onto the table and it soon became apparent that it was very unlikely that any extras would be on offer. I had come here with zero expectations so I was not too disappointed. I would have settled for a good massage. What I received was by far the most painful massage I have ever experienced. She seemed to know what she was doing but was not too worried whenever I said ouch, which was often. As I was walking out she said I would feel better after two days. Well the pain lasted at least that long so I suppose she was right. It certainly felt better when it stopped (a bit like hitting your head against the proverbial brick wall). And I paid good money for this?


Floor: #6
Post Time: 6th March 2015, 11:35 AM
Poster ID: WOTAN01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Your Review is really not much use without a provider name and is not a Comlying Review for this reason. Please always ask the name and try to remember it. Remember YMMV as always. Maybe ask in future what type of massage would be provided before you accept.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 6th March 2015, 12:02 PM
Poster ID: neil98761
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
There's nothing like teaching your grandmother how to suck eggs, is there? The point of the review is that I would not recommend anyone here go to this place because: 

1. it is now legit whereas before it was not, and therefore no longer provides the same services as described in the previous review.
2. the massage was exceedingly painful.

I would suggest this information is far more important to anyone on this forum than the lady's name.

And also it is in the wrong thread, should be Inner West, not CBD. 

Over and out.


