Thread Title: VITALITY  CHARM  MASSAGE-  227 Parramatta Rd, Broadway - Bookings 0402-680-999 -(old numbers 02 9660 8883) mob  0402 680 999
Floor: #1
Post Time: 18th March 2015, 03:11 PM
Poster ID: LUNGOR
Post Title: 
 VITALITY  CHARM  MASSAGE-  227 Parramatta Rd, Broadway - Bookings 0402-680-999 -(old numbers 02 9660 8883) mob  0402 680 999
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Rebecca

Establishment : VITALITY  CHARM  MASSAGE

Date of Visit : 18 March 2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :  227 Parramatta Road Broadway, Glebe 02-9660-8883/http://www.massagebroadway.com

Hours of Business : Daily 10.00am to 8.30pm

Rates : 

Full Body Oil Massage :    
30mins-$40, 45mins-$60,​ 60mins-$70

Massage and Happy Ending: (clothed)
30mins-$60, 45mins-$80, 60mins-$90

Massage, Body Slide & Happy Ending:
30mins-$90, 45mins-$110, 60mins-$120

Age : 22-23

Size/shape : size 8, curvy and toned, all natural 35 D Cups - beautifully perky and pointy shaped

Nationality or Ethnicity : Northern China

Services Provided : massage, body to body, happy ending

Value for money/recommend? : One of my all time favourite massage lady !

My experiences:


Knew about this new shop is opening for a while and great to see Alice finally closed the deal and has now taken over this massive shop in Broadway which was previously a FS shop. And let me emphasis this right from the start, NO FS is on offer here, it is operating strictly as a RnT shop with Body to Body options and if you are apart FS and other extras, you should visit other FS shops.

I will repost some of the location/parking details of this shop later but firstly, this is my visit today:

There are plenty of two hours free parking inside the Broadway shopping centre and from there I can use the rear lane access, but I found a parking spot along Parramatta Road so I just walk in through the front door. Some discrete massage shop signage have been installed (similar dark green colour same as 316 Central). Walk up one set of stairs and pressed the buzzer. Door opens and Alice's familiar smiling face was there to greet me.

We haven't seen each other for months (apart from keeping contact via PMs) so lots of hugs and kisses before I also saw Rebecca emerging from the background and that busty body and that dress showing plenty of her ample cleavages. Can't wait to hug Rebecca in my arms as well.

It was early in the morning so no other customers in the shop so Alice can leisurely show me around the shop, it is very clean and well kept, very spacious, there is a reception area outside the manager's office. and towards the front of the building there are 3 separate individual waiting rooms - very good set up for the previous FS operations. and at the front room facing Broadway, there is a large general guest lounge, so when the shop is in full swing and with plenty of customers, it will not be crowded and individual privacy can be maintained. 

The shop has two stories, level 1 is the reception, office, waiting rooms, guest lounge, multiple toilets, kitchen, laundry room, ladies rest rooms, plus 3 separate massage rooms - all has ensuite shower. many of the rooms have a deep Japanese style inground/above ground bath/spa inside (no used at the moment - but there are potentials for more services ). towards the back end of the shop there is another set of stair leading down to the rear lane entry. very convenient set up indeed.

My massage room is on level 2 and as Rebecca lead me upstairs, the standard routine is that the ML will give you a bottle of chilled water (and I needed that today) and pick up a fresh towel for you - it's up to you if you wish to take a shower, and I can't see why not ?). Walking up another set of stairs with Rebecca walking in front of me, and seeing her sexy round booty swinging slightly side way in front of me is very arousing !! immediately at the left side on top of the stair is a gym area - now you don't see that in a RnT shop everyday !! and there are actually some gym equipment there like Bikes and rowing machines, well, I won't be using them but if any brother is interested...........

There are another 5 rooms on level 2 plus a few separate toilets, so the facilities in this shop is really good, it's a massive shop, can you imagine when all the rooms are used and all the facilities are utilised !! Alice can do really well in this place.

Into my room and again, it is very spacious, one single over sized massage table in the middle of the room, the room has got this art deco look with classic painting and ceiling lights and decorative fire place? This room has no wall mirror but it has a large oval shaped mirror sitting on the floor, so I placed that at the wall facing the head of the massage table, so that I can see Rebecca when she massage me, it's in a perfect position now.

The shower is on one side of the room, and opposite it there is a Japanese style, it is Not in use at the moment, but it is in build and I can see one or two spa jet inside so this could be turned into a spa room if everything works.

As I was getting undressed, I feel like I should check out the shower, and it was fantastic, good hot water temperature and water pressure, it will be great if I can get Rebecca into the shower with me but it's that time of the month today, so no such luck but she said next time !! and I shall return !!

After the shower, on the table, now, I have already seen Rebecca more than a dozen times over the past two years, so I am not going to repeat another detailed reviews, all I want to say is part 1 started on top of the towel and she is now very competent and strong and hitting all the right spots. when the towel came off, Rebecca used a little bit of oil and this part of the massage while it is still very strong and firm, it is quite smoothing and relaxing as well. Especially when Rebecca was using both hands (in fist and using palms and back of her hands) on my shoulder and neck, it was as good as any other massage masters that I have tried, this lovely young lady works very hard and is improving all the times.

As I have to go back to the office after this so I turned down the head massage, so that concluded the part 1, Rebecca went outside and got me a couple of hot towels to wipe down the oil on my back, then the dress came off and the black bra, the matching undies stays on as I already knew due to biological reasons (otherwise, Rebecca always goes full nude !). Then I have some body slide, more kissing and kissing from Rebecca on me and my body, then the teasing with her hands and body and those perky breasts.............

While Rebecca is pretty good with her hands, her breasts are the reasons I keep coming back to see her and the reunion with Cock and Breasts are completed and intensive and very slippery and then until I can no longer hold it any more !!

Rebecca gave me a quick cleaning up and asked if I wanted another shower, why not, and it really makes a lot of different in completing the session, I felt fresh and clean and very relaxing and happy. $120/for the hour, money very well spent !!

On my way other, the other two girls have arrived and Alice asked them to meet me, both young ladies, a Thai girl called Lily and a Chinese girl called Winnie, both are quite hot looking B cups body I think, so I won't be seeing any of them when Rebecca is around that's for sure, but other brothers probably prefer those slimmer bodies.

To sum up, I think if you are driving, this shop is very convenient with the free parking and not too far from the city and China Town, but for me, it will be a lot easier to just go to 316 instead as it is closer to Central station. The two shops will be sharing most of the girls at this stage, so if you guys check the roster from 316 which will be updated daily, you should be able to find the girls you like.

The big rooms, ensuite shower is a big plus, it's almost similar facilities as the Korean shops, I think it will come down to the individual ladies who can do a better job with the body to body and general services. 

All the best to Alice and her girls.

Highly recommended.


Here are a couple of location photos for people who are not familiar with the area:


Floor: #2
Post Time: 4th April 2015, 04:07 PM
Poster ID: mmmatt20
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Natty

Establishment : Vitality Charm Massage

Date of Visit : 19/3/15

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 227 Parramatta Road Broadway, Glebe 02-9660-8883/http://www.massagebroadway.com

Hours of Business : 10-830

Rates : 60 mins, $120 with nude HJ and bodyslide

Age : mid-20s'

Size/shape : Thai, size 6, b cups

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : nude HJ, bodyslide

Value for money/recommend? : Location yes, ML unsure

My experience/comments : Took advantage of the free 2 hour parking at broadway and clambered up the million stairs from the laneway.
Was told there was a 10 minute wait which was reasonably accurate. However despite being told I would see at least 2 girls to choose, this did not happen. Natty was friendly, great english and a reasonably good medium-soft relaxing massage.
The room was upstairs AGAIN from the first landing, and you go past a home gym setup. 
The room was positively massive, a shower in the room and there was a deep square bath thing too.

Handed over the "special" price money and got a sly grin from Natty.
Massage was decent, 10-15 mins of intense TT but she was mostly focused on my balls.
On the flip she nuded up, did an ok body slide with some spanish (but not much) and proceeding with may amazing HJ techniques. She was a very pert little girl!
She was not keen on that much nipple play, and would not let me suck at all, and I understand that this is her personal preference.

Got the full hour, and cannot complain.

If I get there in the morning next time it would be hard to not pass up the morning special price at Kings Court tho.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 16th June 2015, 02:26 PM
Poster ID: bj4242
Post Title: 
 Vivian at 227
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Vivian

Establishment : Vitality Charm Massage

Date of Visit : 15/4/15

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 227 Parramatta Road Broadway, Glebe 02-9660-8883/http://www.massagebroadway.com

Hours of Business : 10-830

Rates : 
Full Body Oil Massage:

$40/30mins, $60/45mins, $70/60mins.

Oil Massage&Hand Relief :

$60/30mins, $80/45mins, $90/60mins.

Massage, Body Slide&Hand Relief:

$90/30mins, $110/45mins, $120/60mins.

Age : late-20s

Size/shape : Stunning, lean, fit, curves.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Burmese

Services Provided : nude HJ, bodyslide

Value for money/recommend?  Ok, see below.

My experience/comments : 

Let me just say that Vivian is absolutely gorgeous. Probably the hottest ML I've ever had in a 'normal' R&T joint. She has a model quality body, fit, firm, busty, amazing hips and arse, flawless skin, even lovely and well kept hair. 

She gave a solid massage, crawling on my back, fun bodyslides, etc.  She is a cheeky girl with a devious smile, so the finish was quite fun. She likes to use both hands well, and also talks the fun talk. She's a kitten, for sure. She is also very professional and observes appropriate boundaries for a R&T environment - I don't think there is anything more on offer than stated.

The facilities are amazing. Huge, clean rooms with showers in a nice, friendly environment. They've done a great job with the place.

My only reservation was the price, as you can get a decent full bodyslide and nude R&T for $60/30 just down the road at the Thai joint, or for just a little bit more you can get the same plus a nice spa at Kings Court on the same block.  I get it that we're paying for location, but just saying that if they were more competitive with the Thai price down the road, this would become my go-to place for sure!


Floor: #4
Post Time: 17th June 2015, 02:18 PM
Poster ID: LUNGOR
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hi there everyone, 


Got a few recommendations from Alice for many new busty girls in her Broadway shop, it's difficult for me to get there these days, so I thought I share that with you guys, so Alice's sweet thoughts won't go to waste...........haha







 Originally Posted by 316central massage

Hi dear Lungor,



Very happy to tell you, we got your type of girl Yuki, she is Japanese, similar age with Rebecca,  figure size 8, face prettier, very friendly
 at least E cup maybe F, sexy body, you should come and try.


My Glebe or Ultimo area lots customers prefer busty girls, so your taste is very right, curvy women do look attractive, i will try to get more big Cup girls. 

cheers









 Originally Posted by 316central massage

Hi dear brother Lungor, 

 Now we got more new busty girls,

Linda, Taiwan, C, 20 only, sweet

Jessy, Korean Chinese mixed, 24, D

Iris, 21, Chinesne, D, very pretty

contact me if you wanna come for visit　:love:




ps. Alice is OK for me to share her PMs and Rebecca is still on holiday, back in two weeks.


Hope this help


Cheers


Floor: #5
Post Time: 1st July 2015, 11:57 AM
Poster ID: LUNGOR
Post Title: 
 21 yr old beautiful and busty girl Yuki, my new little Japanese girl friend, カワイ !
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Yuki

Establishment : VITALITY CHARM MASSAGE

Date of Visit : 30 June 2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 227 Parramatta Road Broadway, Glebe 02-9660-8883/http://www.massagebroadway.com

Hours of Business : Daily 10.00am to 8.30pm

Rates : 

Full Body Oil Massage : 
30mins-$40, 45mins-$60,​ 60mins-$70

Massage and Happy Ending: (clothed)
30mins-$60, 45mins-$80, 60mins-$90

Massage, Body Slide & Happy Ending:
30mins-$90, 45mins-$110, 60mins-$120

Age : 21

Size/shape : 5 foot 2, size 8, curvy, all natural 35 E Cups (Japanese measurements!), very perky breasts, beautiful face, oh so cute !!

Nationality or Ethnicity : Japanese from Tokyo

Services Provided : massage, some body to body, Spanish !

Value for money/recommend? : Absolutely, I am getting the similar girl friend feels I usually get from Rebecca from this young lady. And this is our first meet while I have seen Rebecca like 20 times !

My experiences:


My go to girl from Alice shops Rebecca is on holiday at the moment and Alice has been telling me about this new Japanese girl Yuki for a while now and it is Not often that I got two separate PMs from Alice telling me that Yuki is my kind of gal, have been wanting to try her and finally have an opportunity yesterday................

Made my booking, only have time for a short 30 min, got there on time and a big warm welcome back from Alice and before I even see the girl Yuki, I was given plenty of hugs and kisses by the boss, so the trip is already very worthwhile as always............haha.

Yuki was a very typical Japanese young girl, 21, I think so, she has a very beautiful face, I wasn't expecting her to be so pretty. Alice was right, Rebecca is very good looking but Yuki is prettier. and they are about the similar built, size 8, 5'2", Yuki has her hair tied up so she looks quite elegant, she was wear a blue and white short skirt outfit, similar to a sailor's, beaming with a big smile, I already love this girl. paid the $90 body to body option. This is basically the same price as the $40/30 min massage plus $50 tip, but when you pay that up front, the young lady knows what services to offer and that the best way.

Taken upstairs to one of the larger room, I think this is the same I had last time with Rebecca, it's huge, but the heater is working so quite warm inside, Yuki handed me a towel and asked me if I would like to have a shower, as time was really tight for me, I passed on that and just got undressed and lay on the massage table:

Yuki didn't ask me if I want a strong or soft massage, she started with no towel and no oil, just using her palms and pressed down along my spine and back and waist area, not too strong but it was relaxing. Alice has already talk me before that Yuki's massaging skills is on the improve, she is more suitable for the relaxation style soft to medium strength massage, if you need a strong massage, ask for somebody else.

Yuki's is an English student in Sydney and she has been here just under a year and her English is quite good and should have no problem conversing with most people. I do try to say a few words in Japanese and she would reply back in Japanese and this is how I am getting these Japanese AV feel from her...........lol although the scene at the time was still pretty legit rather than erotic.

So she did the dry massage for a few minutes and then she started using a small amount of oil and did my shoulder and neck, not an expert but adequate. she then climbed up and sit on my bottom when she was doing push oil on my low back, this is pretty good and I can tell she is trying hard to apply the pressures. but what feels really good was that I could feel her bare legs and soft inner thighs on my naked bottom, our first body to body or should I say skin to skin touch, very smooth and very soft, very nice indeed, now things are starting to get a bit more sensual.

Time really flys when you are enjoying yourself and a few minutes later, Yuki lean forward and whispered to my ear and said, please turn over !!

I was so relax as I were, I didn't even get up to do my usual have a drink of water, I just roll over on the massage table as Yuki placed a pillow under the cover sheet - this is a very nice touch, as most MLs would have just placed the pillow over the head rest hole and I usually have to pull the cover over it, it is really these little things that I like about Yuki, she is Not very experienced, but what she does, she does it really well.

The mirror in this room is at the far corner so I have to turn my head and watch this young lady undress. she did it slowly and I really enjoyed looking at the shyness on her beautiful face, it's so natural and genuine, as Yuki unwrapped herself in front of a stranger for the first time. and she neatly folded up her dress and placed it on a chair, then her bra, and finally her undies. They are not sexy lingerie type but very girl next door undies and full size support bra, but I like that, it suited her age and her innocent personality.

Now, this is what we have all been waiting for: those 35 E Cups, yes, they are beautiful, they are all natural and they are very pointy and perky. E Cups for the Japanese measurements is probably right, I will give them may be a big C, considering Rebecca is a D cups and she is slightly fuller than Yuki's. As Yuki came closer to the table and putting a little bit of oil on my cock, it responded instantly, and Yuki said, oh, so quick ! and as she massage my manhood a little more to raise it towards it's maximum size, Yuki, again in her cute little girl's tone, oh, so hard !!

Well, it was very hard indeed, she may have said the same thing to every customer she's been with, but it's the way she said it, and that little smile on her face appreciating that I was getting so excited for her. it really works for me - and you guys are calling this the girl friend effects right ? and Yuki will give you plenty of them.

Did have too much time to experience Yuki's HJ skills, it was very nice nevertheless and before I could give her hands some in depth appraisals, Yuki climbed over the table and gave me some body to body with her perky breasts, this was GOLD !! while Yuki wasn't that huge, the sight of those perky young breasts hanging down from her treasure chest and brushing gently across my body, and using her nipple quite expertly teasing my rock hard cock and those hairy balls nearby, what more can an old man want !!

I told Yuki (not for the first time in our short session) how beauty she looks, and everytime I gave her a compliment, she would reply back with a giggling smile and a thank you so much. and when she brushed her tits over my face and I kissed the outside of her boobs, she thanked me again - this reminded me of the Korean Princess Emma (ex 316 Central ). But I think Yuki is a few years younger and sounded more innocent and kawai !!

I knew time was fast running out, but I have to do my breast thing with my hands, I asked Yuki to come off me, I got off the table myself, took Yuki's hand and lead her towards the mirror at the corner of the room. So from the reflection of the mirror, I can see this totally naked beautiful young Japanese girl with a full womanly body (BTW, Yuki is not big, she is a size 8 alright, but apart from her big tits, she has curves in other places too, so if you are after a petite and skinny girl, she is not for you, then I doubt if you will find another girl better looking and more young and innocent !). She is lightly shaved down below and some mandatory triangular bush down there, so much I wanted to play with but again, due to damn time limits, I just wanted to give Yuki a thorough full breasts examinations, not to check out if they are natural or not, I knew that already at first sight, I just want to play them some more with my own hands. and play them I did. and Yuki's hand reach behind and grab hold of my manhood to maintain its hardness, and when I sort of had enough with my hands, I turned Yuki around, facing me and I pressed my cock hard against her tommy, gee, that feels so good and as my cock was doing some simulation on her body, my hands reached down to have a good grab of Yuki's butt which was very booty and bouncy too. and Yuki just wrapped her hands around me like you would expect from your girl friend.

I have a peek at the wall clock, my 30 min is well and truly up, so not wanting to push the friendship too far, I took Yuki back to the table, and I think she knew I need to cum too, so she put a bit more oil on me and fasten up her hand action. I let her do that for a minute or so and asked Yuki to climb up to the table, and more oil, then I positioned Yuki between my legs, yes, this is where I could see the difference between Rebecca and Yuki, with Rebecca, she would be in position for the Spanish run home so seamlessly and have her cleavage all oil up ! but with Yuki, we have to struggle a bit before all her limbs and anatomy are in the right places, in doing so, I lost my erection !!

Not to worry, as soon as I lowered Yuki's breasts on to lil ah, he becomes BIG AH is in instant ! While Yuki's breasts are not too big, they are big enough to completely got me covered !! and as I was pounding away between her tits, Yuki started to make some noises to help me over the line, which was totally unecessary as I couldn't hold out for too long anyway. Many MLs and WLs would have made similar noises under the circumstances, but Yuki's just sound different, may be because she is Japanese and I haven't had that many Japanese girl before, but she just sound more genuine as if she was really enjoying herself too.

So, I cum and cum very happily, as usual, I said thank you to Yuki and she thanked me right back for seeing her. I said, I have to see you again and stay longer, Yuki said, thank you so much, I like to see you again too.

With the little mess on me, I jumped into the shower to have a quick wash, and the water temperature is very hot. when I finished and dried myself and getting dress, Yuki has finished the cleaning up of the table and reset it. and she went inside the shower to have a wash herself. A RnT shop with ensuite facilities is just the best !

Yuki then holded my hand and lead me back down to reception, Alice was on the phone probably taking another booking, I gave Yuki a big hug and some more kisses on her cheek and say farewell.

I have not been this happy and satisfied after a quick session for a long time, may be I am really getting old and now really enjoying these intimate experience with pretty young girl !

Yuki, what can I say, she is giving me the similar girl friend experiences and feeling like little Rebecca would and this was only our first meet. I need to find out for myself how good can she get if I come back to see her more often and I will.

And if you guys are going to see Yuki, please be very nice and gentle to her please brothers, she is so innocent and delicate, please, please, please !!





This was my room:


Floor: #6
Post Time: 5th July 2015, 05:16 PM
Poster ID: cafepombo
Post Title: 
 Apple - 227 Broadway (vitality massage) - 02-9660-8883
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Apple

Establishment : 227 Broadway 

Date of Visit : 4/7/2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :  227 Parramatta Road Broadway, Glebe 02-9660-8883 https://www.massagebroadway.com/
Hours of Business : 10 - 8

Rates : $90/30mins, $120/60mins

Age : late 20s I'd guess

Size/shape : pretty slim with big bolt ons

Nationality or Ethnicity : thai

Services Provided : rnt

Value for money/recommend? : yes

OK so I haven't been here since the bad old days of the red door, when I wandered in drunk with a mate to be greeted by a grumpy granny. Thankfully times have changed! 

The place is now a busy rnt joint with several people coming and going as I loitered around the back door making phone calls before going in. Had to wait a while and Apple was the only girl free. 

Maybe not quite as attractive as some ML, but not bad at all, and damn her technique was good! The massage was excellent then there was lots of tickle and I got the feeling she actually enjoyed playing with my cock. Turn over and she let me play with her quite a lot - it was all very sexy, but I got the impression no extras are available. 

I'll definitely go back for 1hr massages. Their pricing for 30 mins doesn't really make that good value, but it is fine for an hour imo.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 5th July 2015, 06:40 PM
Poster ID: nextlif
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Cafepombo ...please remember Bronze members seeking promotion to Silver status need to submit their reviews on a fully completed template to count towards promotion. You have not included the suburb city, phone number or any other contact details. Not only does it give you a lazy look but you are making extra work for the Mod team. Writing " not sure. Google it I guess" in the contact/details area is not good enough.I have edited your review to make it  compliant.

Regards

nextlife


Floor: #8
Post Time: 18th July 2015, 12:39 PM
Poster ID: Scampy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Dana
Establishment : 227 Broadway

Date of Visit : A Monday in July

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 227 Broadway

Hours of Business : Unsure

Rates : $120/hr

Age : 26ish

Size/shape : C Cup. Great Ass!

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Massage B2B HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Definitely

My experience/comments :
Had my first visit there recently and will definitely be a repeat customer. Love having showers in the room.  Dana spent half the hour doing a very competent massage and then spent the remaining 30 minutes giving me a very slow and sensual HJ. She let me play with her pussy but no inside. A very nice girl who I would visit. Apparently she does a double with her friend on Sundays.


Floor: #9
Post Time: 29th July 2015, 06:23 PM
Poster ID: LUNGOR
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jessie

Establishment : VITALITY CHARM MASSAGE

Date of Visit : July 2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 227 Parramatta Road Broadway, Glebe 02-9660-8883/http://www.massagebroadway.com

Hours of Business : Daily 10.00am to 8.30pm

Rates : 

Full Body Oil Massage : 
30mins-$40, 45mins-$60,​ 60mins-$70

Massage and Happy Ending: (clothed)
30mins-$65, 45mins-$90, 60mins-$100

Massage, Body Slide & Happy Ending:
30mins-$95, 45mins-$110, 60mins-$120

Age : 23

Size/shape : 5 foot 4, size 10, curvy, all natural 35 C Cups (was a D Cups before but Jessie has been losing some weight), very perky smooth white skin and firm breasts, beautiful face, a Korean Princess who is also your girl next door !!

Nationality or Ethnicity : Korean with reasonable English

Services Provided : One of the BEST remedial massage I have had in RnT shops in years, may be second only to some of the top masters ! a very warm and friendly girl friend feel !! a rather short teasing (but very sensual) as we had over run by 15 min ! totally satisfactory finishes !!

Value for money/recommend? : Absolutely, and I can't believe no one had reviewed Jessie before, so many selfish brothers around !! :cool2:

My experiences:


Jessie's name was mentioned to me when Alice was recommending the lovely Japanese kawai girl Yuki to me, and Alice also assured me that while Jessie is Korean, her services is very good and had lots of regulars and her breasts are real !! which of course got me interested !!

Final have a chance to book and see Jessie one morning.

Got there, the shop was just opened and Alice wasn't there yet, another girl I didn't know let me in and asked if I had a booking with Jessie, confirmed that and was told Jessie has just arrived and will be ready in 5 min. Sat at the lounge area and checked a few things on my phone and Jessie came to greet me !

Wow !! Jessie is very beautiful, not a Korean Pop girl type pretty but more like Song Hye-kyo, 宋慧喬, the girl next door type you would jerk off every night just thinking about her growing up. Not very tall, may be 5'/3-4", long straight black hair, not a slim girl, she has a womanly curvy body, probably a size 8-10, wearing a one piece navy blue and white dress (cross between a navy and school girl uniform !) which is not very revealing, showing no cleavage at all but I can tell that what it is covering inside are very substantial, and I hope that Alice is right and she is all natural..................haha, will find out soon enough.

It was cold that morning, so the heater inside the room was turned on and Jessie asked me if I want to take a shower, I said no because it is too cold, and Jessie went downstairs to get a couple more towels to keep me warm.

At the start, she asked if I want a soft or strong massage, I said strong please - I want to see what she has to offer. and Jessie said, if it is too hard, just tell her.

Jessie ended up using three towels to cover my naked body. She started off with some strong and firm pressing down on my back, and when her hands are warmed up, she put her hands inside the towel and massaged me that way, this is new, no MLs had ever done that to me, RnT or legit,  as especially when oil is applied, my back was usually exposed ! but not with Jessie, she had me covered the whole time and kept me warm ! That's just excellent touch of top customer services.

She then do my neck and shoulder. she can tell that my should blade was very tight, so she sat next to me, placed one of her leg underneath my shoulder, again, this is a new technique or position which I had never tried before, and this is really good, so my right shoulder instead of rest on the massage table, I was resting on her left leg near the knee and my cold hand was hanging off the table, Jessie then placed my hand on to her warm thighs and said keep it warm there, what a lovely girl !!

She then lean forward and use her elbow to really work on my shoulder, it was hard, wasn't hurting as such but I can tell it is working. what I also like about Jessie's style is that : she would use her left elbow to really apply pressure to my shoulder but her other hand would be touching my arm very softly and gently as if telling me that: don't worry about the hurting, it's good for you and I will be taking good care of you.

When the right shoulder was finished, she moved over to the left side, and immediately she told me that the left side is not too tight, so she will go through the motion, but will return back to the right shoulder and give me some more. Same style as the right, resting my shoulder on her leg, placing my cold hand to warm up on her soft and smooth thigh, and this time, while the right elbow was working hard on me, Jessie's left hand was giving me those soft and caring and gentle brushes, I really like that and the two hands really were working as a team and I was feeling great.

Then Jessie went back to the right shoulder, but this time no resting on her, just a regular neck, shoulder, arm, hand and vertical spine massage which is again, very professional done - I asked Jessie where did she learn her massage skills and then she told me that she is half Korean and half Chinese and grew up in Korea, she is a qualified masseuse with both Korean and Chinese qualifications. Wow, no wonder, you can just tell, she is very well trained - the stuff she did to me body !! and there are more to come .

So, the top half of the body is done and she moved to the lower half, again, very caring and gently Jessie rearranged the towels on me to give me the maximum of warmth, now, with the legs, Jessie is putting my body in a whole new position, she firstly bent my left leg to a 90 degree angle (which some of the other good mls had done too like Amy, Sherry and Lisa ) but the next step was again totally new, she lifted my leg and placed it over her lap and still at the 90 degree angle - now, this lifting the leg in itself is not new to me, in fact I have taught this to a few very close MLs for the teasing part as the full under carriage and family jewels are exposed to pleasure. but to be in this position for the legit firm massage to continue, this is a new experience.

And now Jessie is using pressure points to massage my whole butt and side of the thigh and my upper leg, again, this is very good, I was totally surprised with envy and gratefulness, this is so unreal, I wasn't expecting this when I booked Jessie, my focus was originally on her 36D Cups as advertised by the shop, but with her massage skills this good, I don't really care if she is only an A Cupper, may be I should keep her to myself too - like all the others.................don't worry, only kidding !!

Then the right leg. and then Jessie climbed on to the table and do a bit of knee press on my upper legs and my putts and a little bit on my lower back - this is Yuki 288 special, again, this lovely young lady just keep giving me surprises !! 

Next come the Korean style stretching of the legs by placing one leg at the time in between Jessie's two legs and then she pulled my leg backwards and stretching me - now, this one I had tried before, of course, from one of the master too - Candy of QVB. Once again, I hate to keep repeating myself, but Jessie is seriously good, there are good stuff that she did to me which no one else has ever done to me, and then there are other good stuff which only the very best MLs have previous done to me. All good !!


Haha, some of you guys are getting bored reading all these part 1 stuff ? tell you what, it is so hard to find someone who is really good in doing the legit massage and I just can't help but getting so excited. if you don't like it, you should have stopped reading long time ago...............lol

OK, waiting no more, here comes the fun part :

So, with so much going on, I am pretty sure my 60 min was up, I had a peek over my shoulder and yes, the hr has past and we are two minutes into extra time, not a sight of worry in Jessie's face, she is just happy to carry on in her usual pace. she started to undress !!

I got up and have a drink of water, then I sat on the table trying to watch Jessie get naked, she was very shy and the little girl's cuteness has come out and she asked me to lay back down, I said I want to watch, she said, no watching now, I let you watch later, (this is all speaking in Mandarins - after I found out that Jessie is half Chinese we started talking in mandarins, her mandarins accent is really sexy, I love talking to her) , as I lay back down and put my head back into the hole, Jessie came over and whispered into my ears and said, I want your body to feel my body first before I let you see me !! The way she said it, I wanted to jump up and torn the rest of her clothing off, but no, I better behave as I was told, so I just closed my eyes as I could hear that Jessie was removing the rest of the clothings.

Then the towels on my back were remove, then Jessie was on the table, I could feel her warm body now rested upon my back, and her long hair just all over my back and my head and finally, her warm breasts were finally on my back , bare skin to bare skin..................


Sorry, got to go, will come back to finish this later.......................


Floor: #10
Post Time: 30th July 2015, 04:08 PM
Poster ID: LUNGOR
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
OK, waiting no more, here comes the fun part :

So, with so much going on, I am pretty sure my 60 min was up, I had a peek over my shoulder and yes, the hr has past and we are two minutes into extra time, not a sight of worry in Jessie's face, she is just happy to carry on in her usual pace. she started to undress !!

I got up and have a drink of water, then I sat on the table trying to watch Jessie get naked, she was very shy and the little girl's cuteness has come out and she asked me to lay back down, I said I want to watch, she said, no watching now, I let you watch later, (this is all speaking in Mandarins - after I found out that Jessie is half Chinese we started talking in mandarins, her mandarins accent is really sexy, I love talking to her) , as I lay back down and put my head back into the hole, Jessie came over and whispered into my ears and said, I want your body to feel my body first before I let you see me !! The way she said it, I wanted to jump up and torn the rest of her clothing off, but no, I better behave as I was told, so I just closed my eyes as I could hear that Jessie was removing the rest of the clothings.

Then the towels on my back were remove, then Jessie was on the table, I could feel her warm body now rested upon my back, and her long hair just all over my back and my head and finally, her warm breasts were finally on my back , bare skin to bare skin..................

First impression (by the feeling on my back) on the size of her breasts was not that big, D, DD or E Cups are out of the question, may be a full C. But they are not tiny, they are full and soft and very warm ................

Jessie started to kiss my chins and my ears, no licking, just light kisses, as if like a young girl friend learning how to kiss her boyfriend for the first time, gently, shyly, but passionately and with lots of excitements and anticipations - well the excitements and anticipations are all on me actually. While there wasn't much teasing throughout the entire part 1, now Jessie's naughty side has well and truly come out and in bucket loads. she alternated between running and rubbing her leg over my butt and using her hand and fingers and a bit of finger tips, then there will be some breasts bath. Still no oil, but her skin was so smooth, she was giving me some body to body without oil and it still worked quite well., Jessie was moving her head over and around mine and as she moved and rotated, her lovely long hair was all over me like getting teased by feathers !

She would either rested entirely on my back or she would raised herself up a bit to give me the breasts brush. when she was rested on my back, she would use her free hands to ticklish my side ribs and all the way down to my outer thigh and then she found her way towards the inside and reach down to my groin. She is quite clever with this play, and as her hands are reaching my family jewels, she would slide off me so that I don't have to carry her weight and I was able to lift my butt and raised my hips a little to give her more room and full access to play with my balls and my cock - which by then was rock hard. She did that for a minute or two and could clear sense that I was ready to explode, so she got off the table and said I could turn around now.

Finally, I sat up and Jessie in all her glories are revealed in front of me, still wearing her panties, I pull her closer to me so that I can have a close up examination on her yummy breasts. Yeap, C cups they are. Jessie looked at me and asked, are they too small ? I said no, they are beautiful and they are perfect, I love natural breasts (sorry babe, I had to lie a little bit, I will definitely love them more if they are one more cup size bigger, but for now they will do just fine !), Jessie then said, I think I am small, most of the Australian women are bigger, I said don't worry, there are plenty of Aussie women with smaller breasts too, your breasts are C Cups right ? Jessie, said, used to be D Cups I think, they were much bigger before, but when I lose weight they get smaller too. I said, OK, you don't have to lose any more weight, you are beautiful and your breasts are great and I like to eat them.

And I did, taking one of the perky breasts and put as much of it as I could into my mouth, gave them a real good lick and sucking, Jessie's pointy nipples turned fully erected, oh so cute, love to play with responsive breasts and nipples. then the other breasts, then push the two breasts together so that I could suck both nipples together and both inside my mouth. I could do this all day and play play play, but I knew we are so overtime, luckily I don't think Jessie has another booking waiting otherwise Alice would probably have knocked on the door already. OK, may be just 10 more minutes sucking.

You must be very hungry, you are like my baby !! 

Haha, a very old baby then. But yes, I love to eat you !!

So, I lay back down on the table and ready for the home run, and Jessie took over her panties !! haha, finally, she is totally naked, nice cute butt, I can't help it, I reached across and kissed the meaty part of her butt, I almost wanted to bite her but resisted. Jessie asked if she can use some oil, yes please. So, the inevitable part of the session has finally underway. Two hands skills, very good indeed, one hand gently caressing my balls and the other hand jerking, then cross over. I was just thinking if I should try to use Jessie for Spanish, then I thought may be next time, let's just see what she can do with her hands.

Jessie's palm is so warm and so soft but she gave me a very good grip and as she increased the tempo, I was responding my moving my hips towards her, I was getting close, I need to suck on those tits again, so I pulled Jessie towards me and I buried my head between her big soft breasts and then I took one breasts into my mouth while my other hand was squeezing the other breasts when Jessie helped me to shoot a couple of big loads !!

Mission accomplished, Jessie didn't let go of my cock, just holding it firmly but slowed right down as I put my of my hand over hers to guide her in a slowing down tempo most comfortable to me until we reached a complete stop.

Very happy, I think she got the very last drop out of me. I said thank you and Jessie said thank you for seeing me and gave me another kiss.

Then the cleaning up and Jessie put her clothes back on and asked if I like a hot towel as well, I said no need, as she didn't really use any oil on my back except the final part 2 and the dry tissue and wet wipes are quite sufficient in doing their jobs.

As I got dressed, Jessie clean up the table and wrap everything into the disposable cover, rolling that into a small pack, very neat and clean. then she walked me downstairs and Alice was there to say goodbye, I told Alice that Jessie is very very good, Alice said I know, she has a lot of bookings.

Well, All I want to say is, Jessie is really a lovely young lady and hopeful all you brothers out there will treat her nicely and gently.

Until next time,

Cheers


Floor: #11
Post Time: 1st August 2015, 03:06 PM
Poster ID: LUNGOR
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
There is actually a reply from Alice the shop owner of 227 Broadway to my review on Jessie, so I guess it is appropriate to share with the brothers at this forum too.

Not very often you read about an honest reviews and assessment on a massage lady by the shop owner, enjoy !






 Originally Posted by 316central  massage


Thanks for the wonderful review about Jessie~

Here is the our side of girl's review which I copied from Private section:


21-07-2015, 04:41 PM

"Garfield:

Great you have more time to chat, I imagine you will have lots of interesting story to tell.

Like who's your favourite girls you've missed in your shop, etc.

Alice: 

About my favourite girl --- I would say Jessie.

Korean girl Jessie not very pretty or sexy that's why on this site never been mentioned , next door or country girl style, plus figure 9, busty(C-D) and a bit meaty, easily get rejected when saying hello to customers. Each morning when she climbed up stairs to work with her big colourful lunch bag, I couldn't help smile, she was very like a farm girl carrying a basket of tomatoes home.

She got great remedial massage(Certificated), also good part 2, nice personality, happy go lucky nature -- Sometimes humming songs while massaging in the room(that time in 316), I told her later"No singing anymore, the next door could hear, sounds silly!", She felt shy and apologized, but after a few days she began to singing again but softly -- OK~ Let her go, I surrendered ! She is silly sometimes but also got intelligent side, she studies well in uni, never failed any subjects.

She has lots of fun, very nice and dedicated to customers, forgot time very often, delaying time too much, she felt sorry afterwards and wanna pay extra from herself, I said am not after money, I don't mind you finish job late 5 -10 mins(I encourage other staff to) but not too late like more than 15 mins while other customers waiting here. She works here to pay school fee and never accept her regular's financial offer, she says big money she feel not right to accept. 

Her bookings quantity is always NO.1 in our shops. She may not for city fashion boys who cares about looks, more for non fussy ones. She looks a bit like Japanese AV star Aoi Sola苍井空


Attachment 27209Attachment 27210"


Floor: #12
Post Time: 27th August 2015, 08:35 AM
Poster ID: accounts
Post Title: 
 Vitality Charm Massage, 227 Broadway Glebe - 9660 8883
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Anna

Establishment : Vitality Charm Massage

Date of Visit : 15/8/15

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 227 Broadway, Glebe Ph. 9660 8883

Hours of Business : 10am - 8pm

Rates : $120/60min

Age : 35

Size/shape : 160cm size 6 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : massage / B2B

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : Walked in and was asked to pick from two available ladies. The manager said I could have a double for only half price the second girl, $180 for the hour, but I declined. It seems to be an enormous shop on the inside. One lady seemed to have just finished with customer and had sat down. I asked for Anna as she seemed to have a sparkle, and she held my hand and led me upstairs. Her English is great. The room was very warm and the shower was in the back of the room.

Her massage was very good and she always seemed to be touching me. She climbed on top of me and slid up and down my back and legs with some TT and then left to get some hot towels. Anna wiped all the oil off my back and legs before asking me to turn over. She then got wipes and wiped herself and myself before applying more oil and starting with a very light touch. Anna positioned herself over my face and for the next 15 minutes ever so slowly increased her tempo until I finished off all over her stomach and legs. She then got more wipes and hot towels and gently cleaned us up. 

Anna got even more chatty at the end as we both showered separately and volunteered her age and height (as I am tall). She is a beautiful lady who really looked after me. Definitely will return.


Floor: #13
Post Time: 7th September 2015, 07:01 AM
Poster ID: firefox0303
Post Title: 
 Vitality Charm Massage, 227 Broadway Glebe - 9660 8883
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Vivian (Available Tuesday and Friday)

Establishment : Vitality Charm Massage

Date of Visit : 04/08/2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 227 Broadway, Glebe NSW  Phone Number: (02) 9660 8883
www.massagebroadway.com

Hours of Business : 10am - 8.30pm

Rates : $130

Age : Mid 20

Size/shape : Very Slim, Tall

Nationality or Ethnicity : Burmese

Services Provided : Nude Massage, Body Slide, HE

Value for money/recommend? : YES

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)



I've been to this establishment 4 times already and can say that she is at the very top of my list.

I had a 1 hour booking with her, she has been in the industry for a few years. This is reflected by the service she provided. Lots of touching even before coming into the room.

Once inside she straight away strip down to only her G String and provide a very sensual massage (she sit ontop of your back and you can feel the warmth of her pussy).

She even encourage touching during the rest of part 1.

Her technique for part 2 is AMAZING. Full 15 minute HJ (Its generally very hard for me to cum) where she switch technique every 2 minute.

Overall, it was the best r&t experience I've ever had. The most impressive part was that she was very active in encouraging me to touch her. I wish that more ML is like her.

I prefer this kind of establishment where all the extra has been paid beforehand and you can relax once you enter the room.


Floor: #14
Post Time: 15th September 2015, 01:12 PM
Poster ID: rick11
Post Title: 
 Vitality Charm Massage - 227 Broadway Glebe
				
Post Content: 
[COLOR=#333333]Establishment : Vitality Charm Massage [/COLOR]

[COLOR=#333333]Contact Details : 227 Broadway Glebe[/COLOR]

[COLOR=#333333]Date of Visit :13.9.15[/COLOR]

[COLOR=#333333]Hours of Business : 10am-8pm[/COLOR]

[COLOR=#333333]Rates :$120 HR[/COLOR]

[COLOR=#333333]Age : 21[/COLOR]

[COLOR=#333333]Size Shape : Petite , B-cup[/COLOR]

[COLOR=#333333]Nationality : Chinese[/COLOR]

[COLOR=#333333]Services Provided : Massage , Slide , Happy Ending[/COLOR]

[COLOR=#333333]Value for Money : Yes![/COLOR]

[COLOR=#333333]My Experience / Comments[/COLOR]

[COLOR=#333333]First time to this place, climbed the stairway from grose street entrance. First impression - very clean and well kept waiting area. Called in before and was told one girl available but when I reached after 30 min all girls were busy or had booking. Had to wait for half an hour and was introduced to Bella.[/COLOR][COLOR=#333333] [/COLOR][COLOR=#333333]She is about 5 ft tall and petite, decent english and good conversation. Massage was ok, usual conversation about where she is from and what she does on week days etc. Very friendly but not quite GFE. S[/COLOR][COLOR=#333333]tripped off[/COLOR][COLOR=#333333] after turning me over, great B cups and some baby fat, lots of teasing and allowed me to touch all over. Part 2 was [/COLOR][COLOR=#333333]unrushed, didn't ask more more but could be on offer and[/COLOR][COLOR=#333333] I will be back for more !![/COLOR]


Floor: #15
Post Time: 9th October 2015, 12:54 PM
Poster ID: LUNGOR
Post Title: 
 I need more time with my Korean Princess Emma, all the skills & GFE are still there !
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : EMMA

Establishment : VITALITY CHARM MASSAGE

Date of Visit : 8 October 2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 227 Parramatta Road Broadway, Glebe 02-9660-8883/http://www.massagebroadway.com

Hours of Business : Daily 10.00am to 8.30pm

Rates : 

Full Body Oil Massage : 
30mins-$40, 45mins-$60,​ 60mins-$70

Massage and Happy Ending: (clothed)
30mins-$65, 45mins-$90, 60mins-$100

Massage, Body Slide & Happy Ending:
30mins-$95, 45mins-$110, 60mins-$120

Age : 25

Size/shape : Slim size 6, nice lean legs, soft and smooth white skin, beautiful face, Soft natural C Cups with pointy nipples, the nicest butt/ass I have seen on a Korean girl.

Nationality or Ethnicity : South Korea

Services Provided : very strong massage, some body to body, happy ending

Value for money/recommend? : the Korean Princess is BACK !

My experiences:


Have some work at the Surry Hills area, so wrap things up very quickly and drove to the car park at Broadway Shopping Centre. plenty of parking in the early afternoon. walk through to the rear entrance on Grose Street, some small signage showing the 227 Massage and make my way up the long set of stairs.

No one at Reception but Alice's smiling face appears from the manager's office at the front. We haven't seen each other a long time so we have a long embrace and my willing hands were wondering everywhere....................haha, friends with benefits.................lol

Alice took me inside her office and gave me a bottle water and we catch up with a good chat about her business, the girls, the industry and life in general. At the time I think all the girls were busy, I wasn't planning of having a session but just wanted to catch up and try my luck, at the back of my mind I know both Emma and Jessie are working today, so if one of these Korean ladies is free, I can stay for a quickie.............

As we were chatting in the office, the busy ladies were finishing one by one and I get to meet a couple of them:

Emily, Jap/Thai, hourglass, 34C, light tan, age 21

As described above, Alice also emphasized that Emily is half Japanese, it really doesn't matter to me as she looks very cute and has a pretty face, my kind of body - curvy - you know what I mean...............haha, I was almost ready to jump at her - if not for Alice had already told me that Emma will be 5 min away, so I guess I like to catch up with Princess Emma today first, Emily, is on the to do list now ! Alice: her breasts are all natural too, OK ! enough sister, I am sold, but not today.

a couple of minutes later, another Thai lady has finished and again, Alice called her inside the office to meet me:

Natalie, Thai, curvy 35C, tan, sexy, age 22

OK, Natalie looks very hot, not sure if she is bigger than Emily but look very busty and doable. Overall, a very attractive and sexy lady. Alice then told me Natalie has a lot of booking and her service is good, but her boobs are enhanced - OK, thanks for letting me know........

Finally, beautiful Emma has farewelled her previous customer and come to the office to meet me, she is wearing a short and body hugging dress today, the dress has an oval opening at the front and showing her white cleavage. I think Emma has lost some weight, I just hope she hasn't lost too much curves in the essential places.

As soon as Emma saw me, she gave me a big smile and said: long time no see, how are you? I got up and gave her a hug, still very pretty, same long hair and perhaps a touch slimmer than before , I'll find out more later .

Paid my $95.00 for the 30 min body to body and Emma holds my hand and takes me upstairs.


Sorry, got to go now, more later.


Emma took me to a large room at the very end, I think this is the same room I had with Rebecca before, and now it has a huge wall mirror in addition to the stand up mirror at the corner .

Got undressed and lay on the table , Emma makes some small talk with me then asks if I like strong massage today , almost told her soft and sexy as I remember how sensual her hands are but I just said Strong please and gee, am l glad I did !

For those brothers who always want a strong massage from a hot, young and beautiful ml , Emma is it ! She is only petite but her hands are very strong !

Started around the neck and shoulder then she climb up to the table and gave me one of the strongest press down massage along the spine ! It was so good I though I was in a different shop with my go to lady !

Unfortunately for a 30 min session , there is just not enough time for a proper massage ! Then Emms moves to the leg, yes, her firm press goes all the way up to the top of the inside groin ! Where it feels so tender and as her fingers applied the firm pressure and hurts me a bit - I was thinking to myself, gee, I love that hurting feeling! I think only brothers who appreciate strong and painful massage will understand what I am talking about, it hurts but at the same time you just love it - make sense to you ??

I thought to myself, I should have paid the $120 for the hour and Emma would have been fixing me up inside out ! Still, it's not nearly enough but better than nothing!

So part I ended when I was wanting more, but as soon as I saw it at the corner of my eyes that Emma has taken off her dress, then the bra and undies, yeap, I'm ready for part two!

Emma now stand at the top of the table and gave me some very light push down ticklish on my back, and along the side of my outside ribs, then she moved to the side and more tickle tackle all over my back, my butt, butt crack and just a tiny bit of TT as I was aroused , Emma knows I am ready for action !

Emma asked: can I use some more oil for body to body ?? What sort of question is this? Didn't I already paid for the b2b, but that's okay , yes, yes, yes ! Please !

Emma apply some oil all over her breasts . Ok, Emma used to be bustier than this , from memory, a 35 C cups, they are natural and soft, perky and pointy and a handful to each hand . They are probably half a cup size smaller now, I quickly look around her back, luckily, Emma's beautiful booty butt, while they are also half a ring slimmer but still bouncy and hasn't lost its beautiful round shape , I gave them a pad and very happy to feel my palm bounced off !!

So Emma now on top of the table and on top of me, not a full on b2b body slide but more like s breasts slide and breasts massage which is quite nice ! Then I was told to turn over and more breasts slide on my front . My hands are now all over Emma 's butt and they truely are quite magnificent !! Can't help myself, I raised my head and landed a few light kisses on her butt - I can tell you that I have kissed a lot of breasts in my life time, but not very often I would kiss a massage lady's butt !! Emma is one of the very few that I would !

Then Emma asked me if I plan to shower afterward , I ask why, she said she will give me a hot towel if I don't take shower , I said I will. So she skips that part . I would much rather Emma continue on rather than leave the room and towel me down !!

I got up to have some water and then ask Emma to come over in front of the mirror so I can watch when I put my hands on Emma!

Again, not the biggest or firmest or nicest shaped breasts at the shop ( for breasts lovers you can see Iris, Rebecca or Jessie for much nicer tits, but Emma has better hands though !) but I like Emma's body especially her legs and butt. Very neatly trimmed down there too. I have to rub my rock hard cock on those butt crack too and that brought some laugh and giggle from Emma, she backs away with a laugh as if her butt has never been brushed by a hard cock, oh so cute, and she wasn't complaining, so to annoy her, I pulled her back towards me and rubbed some more, which brought me some more laughter from Emma and a little pad on my lil Ah as if tell him he's a bad boy !

Ok , time for the main event and I lay back down on the table and let Emma oil me up!


To be continued .....


It's been a while since I had a session with Emma, and I have almost forgotten how good are Emma's hands, it's almost unbelievable that a young lady's hands can be so skilful. 

So she was playing with my balls, so softly and gently, massaging all my sensitive area, I was a bit disappointed that her fingers didn't make their way down further to give me a bit of rimming which she used to do ! but still, the areas she is playing, teasing and covering is more than adequate, as I was enjoying the intense pleasure and sensations, I have to stop and tap over Emma a couple of times, I know my times are up but just too greedy to let it end just yet............

I pulled Emma down to me so that her upper body is chest to chest to me so that I can rub her soft tits on my chest a little bit - it's my way to ease off my urge to cum, even though Emma's hands are continuing doing her things. I did this twice to save me from the blink of shooting while she continues to pamper my balls and cock with one hand then two hands then back to one hand !

Some where in between Emma puts her two hands together and forming like a little human palms pussy - And as her "hands vagina" move up and down my cock, I feel like I was making love to her hands - yes, her hands had become her vagina wrapping around a ready to explode cock, I am so close, that I was pounding her hands from down below , This is what RnT is all about: A Fucking Hand Job !! expertly delivered by Princess Emma !!

I sort of knew I am only a few seconds away from shooting, so I pulled Emma closer to me, my left hand was grabbing her butt as hard as I can and my right hand reached up to hold one of Emma's soft tits, while both of my hands are grabbing a lot of Emma's body, Emma can no longer maintain her two hands vagina style because of the way her body is positioned, so she changed to a one arm bandit with her left hand jerking me off and while my body and hips are moving with her hand in fast and furious but totally synchronised pace and rhythm and I CUM !!

Shooting far and lots !! when I past the point of no return and I had to let go of Emma's breast and place my hand on hers to stop her from moving any further, everything was into a standstill but Emma is still holding my manhood, ever so firm but gently, eventhough I was fast diminishing in size and hardness, she holds on to whatever life I got left in me in order to maintain and prolong that lasting sensation of male orgasm - and when BIG AH becomes lil ah, she opens her hand and move down a bit to caress the balls - one of the best after cum service you will ever get - or call that the most wanted GFE !!

Emma eventually go of me and we exchanged a few kisses as I thank her for a great finish, the usual clean up and then Emma said, you want to take shower now, I said yes please, but Emma signalled me to continue my resting and she went inside the shower and turned on the water, a minute of so later she told me the water is ready and you can take your shower now !! 

Wow !! this is totally a GFE if I ever seen one, I have had WLs and MLs showered with me before but never a girl who actually is Not showering with me but get the water ready for me at the perfect temperture ! LIKE, LIKE, LIKE !!! 

So while I had my shower alone, I can't help but have a smile of my face: The Princess is back, all the skills and personality are still there if not better and such a love touch at the end. This is a great session.

After I got dressed, Emma has already done the cleaning up and tidy up the room, then she waited for me and walked me downstairs holding hands, another big hug and more kisses before we say goodbye. Alice came out to say goodbye too and told Emma her next appointment is waiting. Lucky guy, hope you have got the hour instead of 30 min....................lol

Final summary, Emma is young, slim, petite is beautiful, best feature is her lovely long hair, killer legs and sensation butts. Good natural soft breasts not the best but good to play with anyway. One of the best and strongest massage skills for part 1 and I will not hesitate to see Emma if I have my back problem again, and while her body to body is only average, Emma has excellent hand job skills which is right up there with the best and such a happy and friendly attitude.

Need I say more ?


Thanks Emma, that's all I can say !!


:love:

:red_heart:


Thread Title: VITALITY  CHARM  MASSAGE-  227 Parramatta Rd, Broadway - Bookings 0402-680-999 -(old numbers 02 9660 8883) mob  0402 680 999
Floor: #16
Post Time: 12th October 2015, 12:07 PM
Poster ID: GT101
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lina

Establishment : VITALITY CHARM MASSAGE

Date of Visit : 9 October 2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 227 Parramatta Road Broadway, Glebe 02-9660-8883/http://www.massagebroadway.com

Hours of Business : Daily 10.00am to 8.30pm

Rates : 
Full Body Oil Massage : 
30mins-$40, 45mins-$60,​ 60mins-$70

Massage and Happy Ending: (clothed)
30mins-$65, 45mins-$90, 60mins-$100

Massage, Body Slide & Happy Ending:
30mins-$95, 45mins-$110, 60mins-$120

Age : 23

Size/shape : Slim 34C

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Massage, some body to body, happy ending

Value for money/recommend? : OK

My experiences:

I thought I would drop into 227 Broadway as I was in the area and saw Lina.  Lina is a Thai girl (from Bangkok) with pretty good English.  I took the 1 hour option and headed up to the room.  The place is very well furnished with spacious rooms and a good shower.  This is something I prefer as I tend to hate massage places which are crammed into a small room with no showers.

Had a shower before we started and then lay on the massage table for the massage.  The first part of the massage is performed clothed (not bothered with that as you are face down anyway). Lina was very pleasant to look at and talk too, but her massage could be improved.  Lina asked if I wanted a hard or soft massage, and I opted for a hard massage.  Lina's hard massage was not that good, it really was just her oiling my back and then rubbing her hands up and down my back.  There was no therapeutic value to this at all and really only served to make us both hot (which then required the fan and air conditioner to be turned up).  Lina then proceeded to my legs where the process was replicated.  Again no therapeutic value.  I thought that perhaps this is where some of the erotic massage would start, but there was no fun ball and tackle play.  Just rubbing oil up and down my leg.  This went on for a good 30-40 minutes or so.

There was one touch near the groin area, which I am sure was accidental as there was no more groin play for awhile.  Eventually though the touches become more regular and the erotic part started.  Lina's erotic massage was not bad though.  Was asked to turn over and Lina then stripped to show a really nice fit and firm body.  There was a very brief body to body before Lina started to work her magic.  I came and Lina cleaned me up and then jumped back into her clothes.  There was still some time left, so Lina gave me a brief head massage.

Overall the session was ok.  I would have preferred a better massage (for part 1) and a more erotic lead into part 2.  I also though that Lina should have stayed naked until it was time to have a shower rather than jump straight back into her clothes once the massage ended.  Lina was attractive and a pleasant girl though.

Overall: 6/10

GT


Floor: #17
Post Time: 24th December 2015, 02:08 PM
Poster ID: sydmoshman
Post Title: 
 Jessie - GFE massage with explosive end
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jessie

Establishment : Vitality Charm Massage

Date of Visit : 18/12/2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : www.massagebroadway.com

Hours of Business : 10AM-8:30PM

Rates : $110/45 mins

Age : mid-30s.

Size/shape : Curvy

Nationality or Ethnicity : Korean

Services Provided : Massage, HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes.

My experience/comments : This place is one I've been to a bit. There's a back entrance so that you're not walking in the door in full view of one of Sydney's busiest intersections. Downside is that sometimes, even with a booking, you'll be made to wait for 15 minutes or so. 

I'd seen Jessie before, about six months ago, but she remembered me (I wouldn't have thought I looked like Matt Damon but she apparently does - well, we all expect a little subterfuge sometimes in our punts) and gave me a big hug and a kiss. The service was, as with most other girls, quite girlfriend-style - towelling you off after a prepatory shower, and no sense of clock-watching. Jessie is friendly, generally dressed in a spotty dress (which is shed when it comes to the big moment) and provides good, hard massage. She'll cause you physical pain if you let her go for broke, and is quite keen on using her body for leverage to unlock joints. 

The tug, nude, is great. Little bit of pussy touching and a lot of grinding and dirty talk. I was relaxed AND drained by the end of it, so that's something. She's one of the most popular girls here, I understand.


Floor: #18
Post Time: 29th December 2015, 07:38 PM
Poster ID: bluey08
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Rebecca

Establishment : VITALITY CHARM MASSAGE

Date of Visit : 27 December 2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 227 Parramatta Road Broadway, Glebe 02-9660-8883/http://www.massagebroadway.com

Hours of Business : Daily 10.00am to 8.30pm

Rates : 
Full Body Oil Massage : 
30mins-$40, 45mins-$60,​ 60mins-$70

Massage and Happy Ending: (clothed)
30mins-$65, 45mins-$90, 60mins-$100

Massage, Body Slide & Happy Ending:
30mins-$95, 45mins-$110, 60mins-$120

Age : 24

Size/shape : Curvy, D-cups

Nationality or Ethnicity : Mainland Chinese

Services Provided : Massage, Nude B2B, HJ.

Value for money/recommend? : Good.

My experiences:

With some of the prior reviews of this establishment being thinly veiled advertising material, I'll try to keep this short and sweet. I wanted to get a dose of big tits and their roster suggested Rebecca would be fitting, so a booking was made for an hour, and off I went. When I arrived first impressions were good, Rebecca had a curvy body and a cute face, dressed in a body hugging red dress.

In the room, she started with a massage that wasn't quite therapeutic, but I've had worst from young ML's so this was somewhat expected. As I was having a grope of her but cheeks and legs, I noticed she was quite meaty (which I like) but toned as well. Not much TT or teasing throughout the massage (this was my first visit though), but this changed after she got the hot towel for oil on my back, as she stripped to reveal a nice body with great tits. She sprinkled some baby powder on my back and provided some B2B, mainly using her tits on my back and arse, kissing and blowing on the back of the neck and ears, this felt great.

During the massage and B2B she was quite obliging to most requests, providing friendly and humorous banter. After a bit of fooling around, and sucking on her melons (stroking of her pussy was off limits) she finished me off while riding me cowgirl style and giving me a HJ to completion.

Would I Return?
Definitely, although her massage is somewhat average, her part 2 more than makes up for it, and dem titties. Curious to try out Jessie though, from what I read she has a better massage.


Floor: #19
Post Time: 14th January 2016, 03:34 PM
Poster ID: LUNGOR
Post Title: 
 Luna, The legit massage girl you always want to have a crack and her killer bottom !!
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : LUNA

Establishment : VITALITY CHARM MASSAGE

Date of Visit : 11 January 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 227 Parramatta Road Broadway, Glebe 02-9660-8883/http://www.massagebroadway.com

Hours of Business : Daily 10.00am to 8.30pm

Rates : 


Massage, Body Slide & Happy Ending:
30mins-$90, 45mins-$110, 60mins-$120

Age : 20 as per roster

Size/shape : 162cm, dress7, sexy shaped 34B (was posted as 35 C Cups before, changed after my visit), killer booty ASS !!


Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : very strong remedial massage, some body to body, HJ, then with an awesome standing Italian finishes

Value for money/recommend? : I had an absolute ball, will definitely see her again

My experiences:


Monday is usually my Iris day but I missed my little darling last week and then she hurted her hand again, so this time she may be off for at least a month or two !

Alice told me I should try this new girl Luna, without any true blue busty girls around, I thought why not and apparently Luna is very good in remedial massage - worked 5 years in Taiwan in legit shop ! She is not Taiwanese though but clearly speaks with the T accent !

Got to the shop and Alice greeted me at the top of the back stairs , after wishing one another happy new year and a big hug and a few kisses and all that, I was lead into the office and wait for Luna. It's a very hot day today and 227's central A/C is perfect ! Then Alice brought me a bottle of Gatorade and that really cools me down , after a few minutes of chik chat and Luna is ready , $110 for 45 min is the deal today !

I swear she is wearing the same flowery dress that Rebecca wears all the time ! Beyond that, I haven't even got a chance to check out her 35C Cups and Luna just grab my hand and lead me upstairs !

Now this is indeed an awesome sight, Luna has a big round killer ASS ! No sugar coating or any other way to describe them , they are big, round, booty, you just don't see this kind of Ass on Asian girls ! It's as good one of those bubble African or Latina bottom !

And as she was walking up the stairs a few steps ahead of me and that ultra short dress was barely long enough just to cover the butt, and they were swinging a bit left to right and right to left ! I was trying very hard not to grab them but today is our first meet so I must behave !

Into the room, I said I need a shower as I was sweating on the outside heat. So had a quick wash and wait for Luna to come back!

When Luna returns I had a good look at her this time, yes, she does look very busty, but I reserve my judgement until I see the breasts naked as looks over clothing can be very unreliable , oh and that Ass again ! Now I finally have a face to face look at Luna, she is young, pretty, nice make up - a touch too heavy to my liking but nothing wrong with looking after her presentations. a Chinese girl with the K gal look ! Very thick ong hair and a size 8 overall I think.

Now, one of the reason why I make my way to Broadway today was because of my sore neck and shoulder and upper arms, so I was hoping that Luna can indeed give a strong massage and she certainly can. So for those brothers who follow my posts to get good massage ladies , Luna is another option for you, I'll say she is similar grade as Jessie from here and QVB . 

And Luna just remind me of all those hot hot legit massage shop girls that I had in the past ! The only different is, I know this time I can lay my hands on her later ! It just as well, because it will be a real tragic if I can't have a good play on those ass !!

Sorry guys, this is a fast train and I have to get off,

To be continued........


Check this out !!

That's similar to my view (covered by a short dress mind you!) when I was following Luna's behind !! 





And when she was finally naked !! (This is Not Luna obviously but similar bottom !)    






And my favourite Luna's Ass view from the side !! (again, very similar - her best features IMHO !)















Luna, Luna, Luna !! That's how her Ass looks !!

She has no idea how hot that ASS is !!


And you need to cut a further 7 inches off this dress !!







Ok, sorry about the delay, let's finish this, where was I ??

So part 1 continued with Luna doing all the right things that my legit girl would normally do, she worked in Taiwan doing pure massage so those time didn't go to waste!

And Luna is quite talkative so not hard for me to find out a lot more about her, only been in Sydney for two months and had worked briefly in another RnT shop so she was really green in RnT and it shows as there was zero teasing through out the part 1 - Alice please take note at that !

And as 227 is an all inclusive b2b shop and payment was collected up front so before turn over, there was the mandatory b2b of which Luna has lifted off her super short little tight dress and removed her bra, the undies actually stayed on and her long hair was kind of covering her boobs but I had already prepared for the worst: if her hair could cover the tits ! They ain't big tits then. And instead of oil, Luna sprinkle some baby powder on my back for the next play! Now if this was Central I would not let her use powder as the smell would get on to my clothing and it's dangerous but Broadway had shower so that's cool. Luna didn't climbed up to the table for the powder slides, she stayed on the floor and used her perky tits to do the job, it was fine and I could feel the size and texture of her breasts , I can also watch her in action from the wall mirror. Again, I can tell that Luna is very new in this as she was lack of skills and routines , but then again , as I don't see a lot of new girls, so hard to line up a newbie vs some of my more experienced MLs who would have me begging to turn over by now !

And turn over I did but not because of the hard cock between my legs which made laying on my tummy uncomfortable but I was in need of some water and also tried to take the matters into my own hands !

So I got up, had a drink of the Gatorade given to me by Alice , offer that to Luna too but she politely declined .

So what to do next, check out those tits? Might as well, so I pulled Luna towards me, moved her long hair to her back so her young , firm, and very perky B Cupper were starring at me! They are actually quite nice breasts. Small to medium size and very healthy and nicely shaped ! If I had had the shower with Luna and washed them myself, I would definitely give them a good licking and suck for all I can eat ! Who can I compare them to, say two of my favourites at the old Snow Lotus days, Cici and Tiffany and you are not too far off.

So I positioned Luna to sit on my right upper leg , facing the wall mirror so I could watch my hands playing with them , another couple more Cup size will be just about perfect !

Then I asked Luna to stand up so I could have a better look at those ASS ! Yes, this is what you guys been waiting for after I dropped so many hints ! That Ass alone is worth the price of the ticket !

Without a doubt, the best piece of Ass I have ever seen on any Asian ladies , FS or RnT - ever ! And I kept turning Luna around in front of me trying to find the best angle to admire them ! And when I told Luna what I was doing to her bottom and why, she thanked me and said I'm glad you like them ! So they are not too fat ! I said NO, they are perfect and don't you ever tried to lose weight to make them smaller. Then I told Luna I usually like big boobs but in her, her butt is what I like. 

Luna must have appreciated on my full praises on her butt so she dropped down her panties for me as well and now I have her totally naked and that butt in all its glory and definitely the side way view is the way to go ! Let me also clarify what I said they are the best, not because they are full, meaty , bouncy and booty , it's also because of their shape, for a lot of big ass, if you watch them from behind , they are big side ways, But Luna's butt is booty upwards ! Take a look at that weather girl in the pink dress photo I posted earlier and you will know what I mean !!



Time to go again , more to come .....



OK, finally have some time to wrap this up..............

So I was playing, caressing, padding, squeezing, brushing Luna's beautiful butt for a while and time was running out fast so Luna signal me to lay back down on the table and I did. And now Luna placed the oil bottle on the table and started to apply some oil on her hands and my semi hard cock and commenced the happy ending.

Her palms were soft and warm and by using both hands, Luna got me up in full mask in no time and started the jerking. While I knew Luna wasn't too experienced in this line of works, her two hands actions were quite adequate with one hand holding the balls in smooth and soft circular motions  and the other hand holding the cock going up and down. give me more of the same and I could just cum like this. But is this all I am gonna to get?

Her boobs can probably give me Spanish but I have had much better. OK, may be go with the flow and see if there is any other pleasant surprises. I pulled her closer to me and with her booty butt right next to my face, I can't help but bang my head to it and of course, it bounced right back !! then I gave her a few kisses and my left hand was again all over them, my right hand reached up to have a grab of one of her perky breast and although they are not big, they are still very nice to be played with and violated !!

The more I look at that Ass, the more I was tempted to Italian them. Having had excellent experiences with Kelly the Body at SL and Neimi (pre implant) at SF, I think Luna has the better of them all. so I asked Luna to give me a bit more oil, she did and before she put her hands back on me, I got up and sit on the side of the table, I pulled Luna towards me again and gave her another hug and my hands reached down to grab her butt one hand each, squeezed them and pad them and said, oh, they are so nice. Luna smiled again and said, you really like them, I said, you don't know how much.

Then I turned Luna around, with her butt facing me, I lean forward and my rock hand cock was right over the middle of her butt crack. I gently position myself in between them, oh, what  a feeling !! and my natural instinct took over and I just rub my cock up and down Luna's behind slowly. They are so full and meaty and that butt crack valley was so deep that I basically buried my cock inside them, the same way I always buried my cock between any old pair of big tits.

And guess what, Luna shows no disliking of my move and she seems to be quite excited about this interaction as well, so instead of just stationary there and let me have my way, she actually rubbed her ass closer to me and helping to move up and down over my cock as well, and this certainly had got me going, so I reached my hands to the chest of Luna, grab hold of her breasts and really giving it to her butt - it was so erotic and sensual and I only last another minute and cum - not planned, but none of my juices actually landed on her butt, they were all over my helmet and a few initially shooted drops had landed on my tummy instead. Then I stopped, as were my cock is, I didn't want to rub my cum all over Luna's bottom, just for safety reasons. Luna's actually reaction was very cute and I had already posted that moment earlier when I was talking to Alice, so here it is again:







Right after I cum, she looked back at me, had a look down there, smiled to me and said :

這是我第一次用那裏出，很有意思！

This is the first time I used my butt for this, very interesting !

And then rushed off to shower, oh so cute ! like a kid just discovered a good new way to play with her toy ..............lol
			
		


And while Luna was showering, I just remain seated on the table and thinking about next time, there will definitely be a next time and next time I will ask Luna to lay on the table and I will be on top of her, a play I had done to Neimi, Lisa, Rebecca and co with great pleasures !!

Luna came out of the shower and that happy look and smile was still there on her face, it's such a pleasure having an intimate session with a lovely young lady like Luna.

And I must ask her next time who had picked the name Luna for her - as Luna means the Moon, and take one look at her behind and Luna must be the most appropriately named Massage Lady of all times !!


We walked down the stairs together with Luna holding my hand this time, I suppose watching her walking down the stairs will not have the same dramatic effects as in watching her walking up the stairs when those ass were starring at my face the first time about an hour earlier.

Got to the first floor landing and we hug and say goodbye. Then Alice came out to ask me how was she, gave Alice the thumbs up, clarify that they are B Cups and told Alice about Luna's awesome butt. 

That's all folks, again, I don't do thing half heartedly, if I need to take 4 days to finish a review, then 4 days I will take, for those people who don't like to read my reviews and long reviews, I made no apology, this is always for the true believers and all of my friends.

Cheers


Floor: #20
Post Time: 14th January 2016, 03:44 PM
Poster ID: Hot_kp
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Very nice Lungor


Floor: #21
Post Time: 14th January 2016, 03:59 PM
Poster ID: TheBigM
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Like always Brother Lungor, a detailed and informative review. Will need to pay a visit to this joint (@227), it seems Alice is able to entice young hotties which is just dandy! 
However, definately a bummer about Iris with her ongoing issue with her crook hand/wrist. From what I know she has had this problem for the last month as the healing process appears to be taking longer than expected. Hoping for her well being it's not chronic and her therapeutic resting is helping for her suitable return. Gees she is surely missed at the moment !


Floor: #22
Post Time: 14th January 2016, 04:26 PM
Poster ID: massageboy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Without a doubt, the best piece of Ass I have ever seen on any Asian ladies!
			
		

Better than Cici's! That would be a sight. Cici already has the tattoo on her back.


Floor: #23
Post Time: 14th January 2016, 05:16 PM
Poster ID: LUNGOR
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by massageboy


Better than  Cici's! That would be a sight. Cici already has the tattoo on her back
"""



Hey brother MB, you know how I feel about the lovely Cici! As I said, their boobs are actually quite similar, young, firm and perky! But that Ass! It's on a different level man ! Again, I ask you to take a look at that photo with the weather girl ! Similar shape brother and I'm putting my reputation on the line here.........haha


Cheers


Floor: #24
Post Time: 18th February 2016, 01:07 PM
Poster ID: LUNGOR
Post Title: 
 36F Cup Kelly, 挑戰雪梨第一波，new no.1 breasts for me !
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : KELLY

Establishment : VITALITY CHARM MASSAGE

Date of Visit : 16 February 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 227 Parramatta Road Broadway, Glebe 02-9660-8883/http://www.massagebroadway.com

Hours of Business : Daily 10.00am to 8.30pm

Rates : 


Massage, Body Slide & Happy Ending:
30mins-$90, 45mins-$110, 60mins-$120

Age : 22 as per roster

Size/shape : Kelly, Chinese, 158cm, dress7, busty 36E, tanned, age 22 (as per shop descriptions)

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Shopping Centre standard, very strong remedial massage, very erotic breasts brushes using her magnificent tits with baby powder. and then with an unique won't let go HJ finish ! I literally had to beg her to stop. 

Value for money/recommend? : I was blown away, will definitely see her again

My experiences:


Alice said Kelly is bigger than Iris, took her words for it but it still takes me 3 weeks before I can get my butt to Broadway to check her out.

I can totally understand why there has been NO review on this lovely lady, everyone is so selfish and not willing to share . I like to keep her to myself too, but Broadway is so hard for me to get to, so I might as well share with all the breasts lovers, and wait for this, Kelly's best attributes are not restricted to her treasure chest alone, her beauty, her youth, her sexy long hair, that killer body, her bubbly personality, caring girl friend feel, that sultry look and her sensuality in a dare devilish wicked way plus all the skills and experiences that she has, it was indeed a most memorable session and in some very simple words, Kelly just took my breath away! 

So let's just leave it at that .

Cheers

ps. YMMV as always !

ps. 2 this is not my usual style of reviewing, way too short for my liking ! But may be this way, less people will attack me on my writing, too bad if any fans who love to read all the juicy details are now missing out.

ps. 3 the usual Lungor style full review will be posted in the Gold Member's section shortly.


Floor: #25
Post Time: 19th February 2016, 06:24 PM
Poster ID: monkeybeta
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Tarah

Establishment : Vitality Charm Massage

Date of Visit : Jan 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 227 Broadway, Glebe Ph. 9660 8883

Hours of Business : 10am - 8pm

Rates : $120/60min

Age : early 20s

Size/shape : 160cm size 5 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : massage / B2B

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : Ive been to 227 broadway a few times now and the only time i was able to get a girl within a reasonable time was by booking in advance so they seem to be fairly busy and both times i've booked Tarah. Let me just say in my short punting experience Tarah is by far the prettiest ML i've come across. Pretty face, slim body with just the right curves and although her D cups are enhanced they are a great size and feel great and she may have the greatest pair of nipples ive ever seen. Despite her model like features she is far from cold, always smiling, greets you with a hug and leads you into the room. Both my bookings were fairly similar plenty of chat and conversation during part 1 which she is quite skilled at she can definitely apply more than enough pressure for my taste and send shivers throughout your whole body with her fingers tracing your back and legs. Plenty of teasing throughout, a nice bodyslide before flipping over for part 2. She doesnt seem to mind hands wondering and exploring a little but the highlights are when she uses those fantastic tits and nipples. Never felt rushed either time, friendly and chatty when you want and focused and erotic when you want too. 

I've had glimpses of some other other girls at 227 on my way out and i'm in a bit of a conundrum whether to continue my good thing with Tarah or see what the others have to offer. Either way im excited


Floor: #26
Post Time: 2nd March 2016, 10:03 AM
Poster ID: LUNGOR
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Had a second session with Kelly yesterday , booked early to make sure I got in at my limited window . While I was waiting in Alice's office and having a chat, she took two phone calls , one for later yesterday and one for Wednesday and both bookings were for Kelly ! No BS !

When Kelly was finally free, I turned away from the cctv as I didn't want to see her farewelling the previous client. Wearing a different but more revealing red dress, showcasing her full and deep valley of sins, I wonder if she would ever get turned down by client when her cleavage was on show ??

Same 45 min deal but this time as soon as we got inside the room and had a hug to catch up to make sure she remember me from last week, I gave her an extra tip upfront for a front body slide and Spanish finish but unfortunately I was turned down as Kelly said her breasts don't react well with oil and some other excuses so there goes the idea and my incentive to see her again.

As for my session, it was again pretty good without being spectacular . Usual firm part 1 with lots of strength and very hot towel , she changed her back body slide from using baby powder to some cream stuff that she bought herself , it was fine by me, a bit more sensual, slippery and erotic actually .

This time the room has a full length horizontal wall mirror alongside the massage table and when Kelly was sliding her 36F Cups on my back, the review itself is well worth the price of the ticket, it's a pity I can't have the Spanish session I was hoping for .

I did however get to do my stand up and play the tits in front of the mirror thing and it was kind of make up for the disappointment . Those boobs are awesome and fully erected hard nipples were very cute forbidden fruits !

As Kelly pushed me back down on the table for the home run, again, the HJ was good and my hands didn't let go of those big tits I can't fuck! And that's punting, you can't always get what you want.

I agreed with brother foxybabe that between Rebecca and Kelly , I would still prefer Rebecca , that girl friend feel is very hard to replace , while with Kelly, I felt like I was the client and she's the busty and very clinical and professional massage lady! Nothing wrong with that, and she is very popular, it's just a personal feel.

YMMV, 

Cheers


Ps. So , I think I might have put in the title a bit prematured ! Rebecca is definitely still my no 1 girl and my no 1 breasts !


Floor: #27
Post Time: 21st March 2016, 04:29 PM
Poster ID: LUNGOR
Post Title: 
 Tanned Thai beauty Monica
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Monica

Establishment : VITALITY CHARM MASSAGE

Date of Visit : 21 March 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 227 Parramatta Road Broadway, Glebe 02-9660-8883/http://www.massagebroadway.com

Hours of Business : Daily 10.00am to 8.30pm

Rates : 

Massage, some Body to body & Happy Ending:
30mins-$90, 45mins-$110, 60mins-$120

Age : 25

Size/shape : size 7, quite tall and slim but has some curves, all natural 34 C Cups

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thailand

Services Provided : typical Thai massage, some body to body, happy ending

Value for money/recommend? A big YES for me.

My experiences:


I knew I have a chance to punt today since last week, so I have been looking around to make the most out of today:

Burwood and West Pennant Hills are just way too far. Even Amy at Stanmore would take too much time, so it's down to either 227 Broadway or some of the Prymont shops.

Wasn't going to take too much risk so the Korean girl Jessie at 227 on Monday sounds like a good bet. When I rang this morning to book, Alice just told me that Jessie is now back to school so only working a couple days a week and Monday ain't one of them, I had a second choice from the roster, a Hong Kong girl Wendy was listed as 35 C Cups, I thought that should do, but Alice dropped another bombshell on me that Wendy is actually only an average B Cup but she is very good in all round services.

When I was just about to give up, Alice suggested that I can try a Thai girl called Monica, she is very pretty, and has natural C cups and very good feedbacks from customers. Usually not a big fan for Thai girl unless they are like Vicky from SF with major natural assets. But sometimes you just got to take a punt when it comes to RnT session otherwise you can never build up a good stable - considering now Iris is semi retired and Rebecca is off indefinitely and Kelly has sort of moved on............etc. So why not? Thai girl Monica it is.

Got to the shop right on time and both Chris and Alice are there today so have a quick chit chat to catch up and Monica is ready. Full credit to Alice, she actually asked Monica to come to the office and greet me before I decided if I will take her!

And I must say, from the rather limited encounters I have with Thai girls, Monica must be one of the most beautiful. She is so pretty that for a split second I thought (could she be a lb ??) but then I thought, surely Alice would have known and I can always trust this lady boss, so happily hand over $120 for the hour and this time Monica took me to room 2 which is on the same level as the reception.

Would you like to have a shower first darling ? yes, I thought, why not. I'll be back shortly when you are ready. I think Monica's English is pretty good and I later found out that she is a Uni student studying business, so I suppose she is smart as well as good looking !!

A quick shower and while I was drying myself, Monica is back inside the room and she helped me to dry my back and lay me down on to the table. I will give you massage first and later body to body ok darling ? Sure !!

Would you like a strong or medium massage ? actually, can I just have a soft massage today ? Why soft massage?? you are the first customer who likes soft massage, everyone else wants strong or medium,

Yeah, I used to like strong massage too but at the moment my back is in good shape so just some relaxing soft massage is fine for me (this is true and no offence to Monica but I will only trust my back and waist these days to people I know for sure that they know what they are doing !).

So Monica started by giving me some medium pressing down massage over the towel. and this goes for about 10 min before she removed section of the towel and started using a bit of oil and started on my neck and shoulder, left arm, right arm, upper back, lower back, my waist, my butt then each of the two legs. Well, even though I asked for soft, I don't think Monica actually knows how to give a soft/sensual teasing massage, her soft was actually a medium to me, but that's ok, quite relaxing in fact and nothing wrong with that.

Slightly disappointed that when Monica was doing my legs, zero TT was giving and no teasing at all, so basically, all of the part 1 was performed in a legit way of Thai massage. Again, nothing wrong with it and Monica was actually quite good in what she is doing, as she has told me that apart from the two days she works in 227, she also works 1 day a week in a "normal" Thai massage place - I later asked her (after our deeds!) if the customers at the Thai shop has asked for a HJ, She said yes, but not too many, I said, why not, you are so pretty, I would have asked for it. She said, I look very different in the other shop, no made up, hair tied up, dress in the shop uniform and not sexy. OK fair enough. The devil inside me just have this thinking that may be when I become a regular with Monica, that I would ask her where is this Thai shop and go see her there - and of course, trying to get you know what......................hahah - may be, may be not ................lol

So part 1 has completed and Monica went outside to get the hot towel. then I could hear that she was undressing, too lazy or tired to look up, I just lay there and wait for her naked body to meet mine. and she did !! but not after she sprinkle some light baby powder over my back to reduce the body to body frictions ! When the tips of her breasts slides over my back, the feeling was very good, one thing I don't like about this room is that it only has one mirror in front of the table and nothing on the side wall, so I couldn't enjoy watching Monica's light brown slim body sliding all over me.

The back side b2b didn't last too long, less than 5 min I'll say and the inevitable magic words of please turn over was spoken !!

So I got up, have a drink of water, walk to the other side of the table and have a bear hug with Monica, by now, I can have a good look at Monica's body, very healthy looking light tanne colour and slim without being skinny as she has got curves. For her butt, Luna is so much more booty. For breasts, well, they are natural soft C Cups, but will be rated below Rebecca, Iris, Jessie and Kelly. But what Monica has is that really beautiful and smiley face, so friendly and makes you feel comfortable and at ease. When I hugged her body tightly to mine, my hands moved down to grab her ass, and almost instantly, she returned the favour and grabbed my ass and even harder than my grab. I like this girl, she is a lot of fun. have a peep below and she is neatly trimmed with the nice triangular turfing.

I lay back down on the table and Monica bring over the bottle of body lotion instead of the oil and asked if it is ok for her to use the lotion instead, I thought why not, lotion is easier to get off right.

So she started applying some of that cold lotion on my little Ah, soft hands so far and my hands started to wonder around her body too, first and foremost, found those C Cups and have a play and caress on them and then her butt and her legs. before long, I have raised to the occasion and Monica started to slowly jerking me away, she looked back at me and asked softly, how do you feel ? I said very nice. She then asked me to move a bit to my left to give her some room so that she could come up to the table. 

Now, this is pretty much a 69 position, but instead of spreading her legs and placed them on either side of my head. She put her legs together and kneel next to my right arm while her head is facing my cock and her hands are working on it !

I am usually not a pussy person, but Monica has a really nice looking pussy (fully enclosed as her legs are tightly together) but those lips are full and succulent and begging to be licked and eaten !! Don't mind at all if I could split them apart and enter her from behind.............haha .

So, I couldn't help it but help myself to gently touching those lips, just lightly brushing them on the surface and they are so smooth and hairless. May be I need to progress myself to some DATY sometimes - starting from this lovely Monica !!

Now I am really aroused and Monica just said to me you are very hard !! I said, I know, I am cumming now, so Monica increased her motions gradually and my hands left her pussy alone and reached forward to find her tits which are hanging down from her chest just in front of me, I grabbed them with both hands and I know I am getting really close, then Monica said, cum for me darling, cum on my breasts !! and I did just that.

This is no spanish but I did landed between her tits somewhere, I couldn't tell as I didn't see it. but this is as good as many of my Spanish sessions. next time I think I will position her properly so that I can be between herself and enjoy the whole viewing pleasure.

After a quick clean up, Monica asked me to rest a bit while she takes a quick shower, then it is my turn, didn't ask her if we could shower together, didn't think it is an issue though, I think next time everything will be just that little bit better. I think sometimes we take things for granted like when I am see my favourite girls like Rebecca and Iris, they let me do a lot more than I would do to other girls, and when I am seeing a new girl for the first time like Monica today, I just don't know how far I could go and what more can I get. and I certainly don't want to push for anything she is not comfortable with, I guess I need to earn that rapport by seeing her again and again. Now that will be a challenge !!

More chit chat as I was getting dressed and Monica tidy up the room and get it ready for the next customer. as we leave the room, I have to kiss her pretty face again, and she gave my ass another firm squeeze !! I think this young Thai girl has just got herself a repeat customer.

Say goodbye to Alice and Chris and off I went.

Very happy. 

Thanks thanks thanks thanks MONICA !!


:miao:


Floor: #28
Post Time: 29th March 2016, 03:03 PM
Poster ID: Hot_kp
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Ada

Establishment : VITALITY CHARM MASSAGE

Date of Visit : 23rd March 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 
227 Parramatta Road Broadway, Glebe 02-9660-8883 SYDNEY Broadway Erotic Massage

Hours of Business : 10am - 8:30pm

Rates : $90/half

Age : early 20's

Size/shape : Tiny size 4 with smallish Acups. She's tiny so be gentle. 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Taiwanese

Services Provided : massage b2b and HE

Value for money/recommend? : so so

My experience/comments : Always keen to try one of Lungors haunts and since I was in the neighborhood I thought I'd give it a go. I was kept waiting by Alice due to her 'recommendation' being busy so when I finally got the green light I could only do half hr. She was very pushy, directing me towards Ada saying the other girl was too new. So Ada it was. 

The slow amble to the room had me worried about how this was going to go. Reminded me of my dog when i tell him he has to go out. Tail between his legs going soooo slow. You just know he's not that keen. Following Ada was a nice sight though, sashaying up the hall to the room. 

A quick shower and on to the table and Ada started a pretty normal soft massage. No indication of anything. No tackle tickle. No body to body touches. No nudity. In fact she stayed dressed for this entire part. About 20 minutes in she disappeared to get a hot towel for the wipe down and then she asked me to roll over where she finally undressed and sat next to me. What a superb little body. I reached around her hips and cupped her boobs and felt her hairy snatch which was nice as she was slowly stroking my body and touching my cock. She then swung her legs over me and did a little front body slide and being so little I was able to raise her higher and kiss her tummy and the top of her pubis. She let me kiss her boobs which got a little response from her. By this time I was rock hard so she slid to the side of me and proceeded to finish me of with a very accomplished HJ. 

While I can't complain about the ending it would have been so much better had she been nude for the entire massage and utilized the ML skills of the triple T - Tackle Tickle Tease. But in the end all of that was academic as she made short work of this old randy bugger. 

I think I need to do another test drive to see how she is once she knows you.


Floor: #29
Post Time: 29th March 2016, 11:33 PM
Poster ID: qjbest
Post Title: 
 Natalie 227 Broadway
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Natalie

EstablishNatalie227 broadway

Date of Visit: 27/3/2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 
227 Broadway Massage
Back door: 2 Grose street, Glebe 
(Conner of Bay St & Grose St, Next to Broadway Shopping Center)
SYDNEY Broadway Erotic Massage
For bookings: 02 9660 8883

Hours of Business : 10 am to 8 pm

Rates : $90 for 30 min

Age: mid 20

Size/shape : size 6 D cup enhanced

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : RnT

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments :
Said hello and she was very friendly
Started the message asked for no oil as I hate washing it after
She gave average message maybe bit above.
For part 2 she took her clothes off for  a great body with enhanced d cup. First time with enhanced breast and felt great.
She made the right sounds with cheeky comments and  delivered very well.
Was very satisfied abd will be back again to see her for sure!


Floor: #30
Post Time: 30th March 2016, 11:28 PM
Poster ID: qjbest
Post Title: 
 Ashley 227 broadway
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Ashley

Establishment: 227 Broadway

Date of Visit : 22/3/2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 
227 Broadway Massage
Back door: 2 Grose street, Glebe 
(Conner of Bay St & Grose St, Next to Broadway Shopping Center)
SYDNEY Broadway Erotic Massage
For bookings: 02 9660 8883 
Hours of Business: 10-8pm

Rates: $110 45 min

Age : 22

Size/shape : size 6 bcup

Nationality or Ethnicity : chinese

Services Provided : rnt

Value for money/recommend? : No

My experience/comments :
First impression was that she is sweet. She was talkative and wants to give you good service.

Part 1 was very soft and very inexperienced which wasnt much an issue. She tried but enjoy the chat.

Part 2 when she undressed was slim and nice b cup body which very natural breasts soft and nice but that was about it. She hugged you with lighted kisses then would just stay still. You had to do all the work. When hj started she still showed lot of inexperience and took awhile to get me over the line.

Friendly girl but maybe its her age she gives you lots of smiles, hugs you tries but thats about it.She talks to you very friendly but when she has nothing to say will just hug you and stays still and thats it! Experience wasnt bad but just little boring..

Hope 3rd time lucky!


Thread Title: VITALITY  CHARM  MASSAGE-  227 Parramatta Rd, Broadway - Bookings 0402-680-999 -(old numbers 02 9660 8883) mob  0402 680 999
Floor: #31
Post Time: 24th June 2016, 04:26 PM
Poster ID: LUNGOR
Post Title: 
 Cici, my new 19 yr old girl friend, most beautiful young lady I ever seen in a shop !
				
Post Content: 
I'm in Love !!

There is nothing more to say.

Not going to write any review on Cici as they really don't matter any more.

If you guys must know, I'll give you some brief rating:

Look: 9.5

Girl Friend Feel: 9.8

Age: genuine 19 years old

Body: 8

Size: 8 and curvy

Breast: 7.5 and 8+ with Bra on.

Butt: 9

Part 1: there was no part 1, we spent the first 30 min embracing each other, just hugging, kissing, she rested her head on my shoulder like a little girl friend, I occasionally lift up her beautiful face and gave her a kiss. the feel of her hot and soft body tight against mine, priceless !!

Part 2: Speechless - YMMV as I was in love and you may not be !!

That's all folks

Cheers

:red_heart::red_heart::red_heart:


Floor: #32
Post Time: 8th July 2016, 02:54 PM
Poster ID: LUNGOR
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Cici

Establishment : VITALITY CHARM MASSAGE

Date of Visit : 8 July 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 227 Parramatta Road Broadway, Glebe 02-9660-8883, 0402-680-999/http://www.massagebroadway.com

Hours of Business : Daily 10.00am to 8.30pm

Rates : 

30mins-$90, 45mins-$110, 60mins-$125

Age : 19

Size/shape : 158cm, dress8, athletic curvy, natural 35D-26-35, light tanned, age 19
(Busty, exotic, gorgeous, massage strength 6, English 9, GFE 8) - as per shop's descriptions.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : personal

Value for money/recommend? Well, I'm still in love, so everything I said here is totally biased and overhyped, so if you don't feel the same way as me, your experiences could be totally different, but what do I care, it's actually better if you all stay away from her.................haha

My experiences:

First thing Cici said to me this morning: so you miss me ? yeah, baby, and if only you know how much.

I actually tried to book Cici first up, but some lucky punter already got that, so have to settle for second spot.

This time we are in a room on the reception floor, same room actually that I used to always get with Rebecca, eventhough I'm in love with Cici, I still miss Rebecca a lot and for that matter, Iris as well, but hey, they have both moved on, so should I and no point drilling on bodies that I can no long have, it's best to treasure what in my arms now.

Taking the mandatory shower and I invited Cici to join me but she said she just had one, so no luck.

Half way into my shower and Cici is back inside the room getting the heater and everything else ready.

After I dried myself, couldn't be bother to wrap the towel on me, just headed straight to Cici butt naked and we have the closest embrace. l was reunited with this warm and soft body that I have fallen in love with. Corrections, it's actually Cici the person I have fallen in love with, she has a hot body - no doubt about that but her body probably won't even make my all times top five, but Cici the girl and that beautiful face of hers certainly has.

The heater is actually getting too hot so I turn it around facing the wall and pulled Cici to the other side of the table facing the big wall mirror, I spent the first 30 min last time hugging Cici over her flowery tight dress, not today, everything came off very quickly this time, so I can admire her natural nakedness !! Cici has a very nice butt, rating them higher than her soft young breasts.

Again, not interested in any massage at all, just embracing, kissing, hugging, caressing, squeezing, fondling her body - with Cici either facing the mirror or facing me. I can just do this all day and night - if only possible!

decided to lay back down at the half way mark and Cici came over and lay on top of me, on the side of me and me on top of her face to face, me on top of her with her facing down, I was rubbing my hard on all over her, she occasionally gave it a few gentle jerking as if to see if it is still hard ? I was kissing all over her body and Cici returned the favour, she especially spent a lot of time playing with my ears with her ..................

OK, that's too much details already, so we progressed very slowly and smoothly into part 2 when the oil bottle made an entry on to the table. Cici has very good hands, and I thoroughly explored and enjoyed every parts of her body, in the end, I have a very happy happy ending.

Got a bit tired actually, so that thought of showering with Cici just got shelved, I rather lay on the table to have a rest, so Cici showered alone, then my turn, and we got dressed and we started singing some songs we both liked together. I am liking my little girl friend more and more.

Time to go, Alice was busy escorting customers upstairs, upstairs and into the front waiting rooms, so busy, but still managed to come say goodbye and the three of us have a group goodbye hug.

until the next time.

have a nice day ladies

Cheers


Floor: #33
Post Time: 8th August 2016, 02:19 PM
Poster ID: Hot_kp
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Tara

Establishment : Vitality Charm Massage

Date of Visit : 29th July 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 227 Parramatta Road Broadway, Glebe 02-9660-8883 SYDNEY Broadway Erotic Massage

Hours of Business : 10am - 8:30pm

Rates : $90/half

Age : mid 20's

Size/shape : petite sz8 with enhanced DD's 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai 

Services Provided : massage, B2B and HE

Value for money/recommend? : yes

My experience/comments : No booking so Alice introduced me to Tara and seeing that enormous rack on such a petite girl had me excited before we even started. Into the room and I have to say that the decor and presentation of this establishment is top notch. A quick shower and on to the table. 

Tara is a very great conversationalist and had good English skills. Throw in her Thai cheekiness and I was glad to be there. She started the typical Thai thing with crawling up your legs and on to ur back. I could see her in the mirrors and she still had her slinky dress on but she looked so good. 

As she worked over my body she moved around the table and there was plenty of flirtatious comments and lots of tackle tickle. She eventually slipped of the dress and started the b2b but still with her panties on. All good as she made use of her hands under my tummy as she slid her breasts all over me. Occasionally she'd slide up high and kiss/nibble my ears. 

When it was time to turn over, panties now off, she didn't go straight for my raging hard on but teasingly brushed her hair and nipples all over me. One leg lifted up over mine so she was half lying on me giving me a front body slide while stroking my cock. She slid off and stood next to me and started the HJ while I could touch her. As time was running out she again laid on me and wanked me off against her side while grinding her pussy into my thigh. To help she allowed kissing of her awesome boobs but not the nipples. It wasn't long this way and I knew I'd once again been in the hands of a master. She delivered just enough to get me over the line. Not that I'm complaining. She tells me she's available Monday's, Wednesday, Thursday's and Friday's.


Floor: #34
Post Time: 12th September 2016, 05:25 PM
Poster ID: LUNGOR
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jessie

Establishment : VITALITY CHARM MASSAGE

Date of Visit : 12 September 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 227 Parramatta Road Broadway, Glebe 02-9660-8883, 0402-680-999 (no private number please)

/http://www.massagebroadway.com

Hours of Business : Daily 10.00am to 9.00pm

Rates : 

Massage, Body Slide & Happy Ending:
30mins-$90, 45mins-$110, 60mins-$125

Age : 25

Size/shape : 5 foot 4, size 10, curvy, all natural 35 C Cups, very perky, smooth white skin and firm breasts, beautiful face, a Korean Princess (zero KPS!) who is also your girl next door !!

Nationality or Ethnicity : half Chinese/Korean girl grew up in Korea

Services Provided : One of the BEST remedial massage I have had in RnT shops in years, may be second only to some of the top masters ! a very warm and friendly girl friend feel !! much improved on going teasing with sensual touches, over run by 25 min ! totally satisfactory finishes !!

Value for money/recommend? : Absolutely, :cool2:

My experiences:


Another opportunity to leave the office today, so a quick check on the 227 Broadway roster to see if my little Hong Kong girlfriend Cici is back yet, no, but Jessie is on, so quickly rang up Alice to secure my lunch time booking.

Got there a bit early and have a good chit chat with Alice after she gave me a big hug. while I was sitting in the office, Alice got a couple of phone calls for booking, I have no choice but ear dropping, one was checking if Lisa is working, she is not, and he ended up booking Mimi  (Alice later told me that Lisa is her most popular girl, you have to book a day in advance to get your booking!) . The second call was actually for my girl Jessie, so I had more interest to listening in.............lol. This brother was asking a lot of questions about Jessie and apparently was using a phone showing no caller ID. So Alice ended up Not taking his booking. Good on him, he called right back with the caller ID showing and secured the booking later on that afternoon, so Jessie is having a fairly busy day, one session is finishing now, then me, then another booking, then this new one, good to see all the people in the know are booking a good ML !!

A few minutes later, Jessie is ready for me, when she saw me, she breaks out to this big smile and gave me a big hug and kisses and said, long time no see big brother, it must have been several years ! I said, it can't be, may be a few months !! you haven't even worked for Alice for a several years. and we both laughed. Jessie then took my hands and lead me upstairs to room 7 - the VIP room as she put it - well, I'm sure both Alice and Jessie will treat all customers as VIP's.

Jessie was wearing this one piece flowery dress - a similar dress that was worn by Rebecca, Iris and most recently Cici before, pretty sure Alice must have bought quite a few of that in various sizes for the girls as uniform. Jessie asked me if I like a shower first, I thought why not, I'm sure the girls all prefer their clients clean and fresh. So I took a quick shower and as I came out, Jessie was there waiting for me and she took over my towel and helped me dry my back, and gave me a few very firm shoulder massage over the towel as well, which was very nice, no one has ever done that for me - help me to dry - Yes, but never a standing up shoulder massage - and there are more delightful surprises right at the end too - keep reading OK !

And when I get to the table and reading to lay down, I saw Jessie has also prepared the table exactly the way I like it - 227 Broadway has probably the best cleaning standard in the industry and apart from the washable head rest made by gel, and the disposable once table cover sheet, Jessie also placed some fresh tissue paper around the head hole, so that I can be completely comfortable by putting my head on top of the hole. what a lovely touch !

Jessie asked me if any particular area I like her to work on, I said I am ok at the moment so just do her usually thing, she then said since she hasn't massaged me for a long time, she can't remember how hard or strong I like my massage so I better let her know if she is too hard or too soft, I said, just your normal strength will be fine.

So she started on my neck and shoulder - BTW, I paid for a 45 min session, as any session with Jessie for less than 45 min will be a waste of time, everyone should really get the hour - and I ended up getting an hour any way as the part 1 actually took the entire 45 !

The moment Jessie lay her hands on me, all my loving memories of her session keep flashing back. It's been a while since I have a decent firm massage - touch wood as I haven't been needing one lately - but when I do get one, I can't tell you enough how much I actually appreciated it and enjoying it. Jessie absolutely knows what she is doing and she gave me the firmest of massage without hurting and once the neck and shoulder is done, she went into her unique two tiers massaging modes = one hand continue to give me the firm massage on one side of my body while the other hand sensually and softly touching and brushing and fingers tippy toeing on my other side ! You have to try it yourself to be able to appreciate how good it feels on your body. Then she moved to the other side, the side used to be pampered with the soft touching now getting the firm massage while the opposite side are recovering from the firm massages by now receiving a warm soft palms touching. GOLD !

then Jessie sat on the table and bending one of my leg to 90 degree as she worked on the pressure points, then the other leg. then she climbed on top of me and pressing down on my back, lower back and waist area using hands and next come her both knees on my both sides of my butts and she used her knees expertly on my butts and gave me a pressing down in circular motion, one of the best techniques ever applied on my butts with strength and precision.

Oh, by the way, up until this point, not a drop of oil was used, it was dry massage all the way and one of the best.

then I felt that Jessie was leaving the table, I was so comfy laying there with my head down, so even though I knew she was stripping down, I couldn't be bother to lift up my head to watch - that's how good her massage was - honestly, I would pay to see Jessie anytime in a legit shop just for part 1.

Then Jessie came back closer to me and started kissing my face and my ears and her perky firm C cups were brushing over my back. Again, no oil, but we don't really need it, I am happy to be tits teased without oil and the sensations on my body came from everywhere, Jessie's lips was with kissing or blowing warm air to my face and ears and occasionally licking my ears a bit or she would move away to play with my nipples and gave them some light licking, while her boobs continue to slide across my back and her two hands were busy touching me everywhere too, as she was busy working her magic on me I was busy trying to enjoying all the sensations.

eventually, Jessie could feel that my manhood was fully grown and must be released for comforts so I heard the magical words of turn over please.

I got up, have a drink of my lemon ice tea and went to the head of the table facing the big wall mirror, Jessie then brought over her little bottle of hand cleaner, the usual cleaning my hands before touching her routines, I knew the drills. and then I notice that Jessie's undies was still on, it never bothers me if ML's keeps the undies, but as I pulled Jessie towards for my signature tits play in front of the mirror, she bend down and panty is off !!

Jessie is not a slim girl and if you like to enjoy everything that Jessie is providing then you got to like the whole of her including her body shape which is quite curvy, any one who prefer petite slim girls, there are plenty of choices from the Thai menu at 227 as well.

While I was cupping Jessie's beautiful C Cups, I have a peek at the wall clock, it's 50 min since we started, so we are over run already. So I lay back down on the table and Jessie gave me more front Tits brushing and sensual hands and kissing and licking before she reached out to the oil bottle for the first time. And once my balls and cock are oiled up, Jessie started her unique HJ, it is actually more like a softer balls and cock and pubic area massage plus a bit of nice rimming than a straight out jerking off. I love it and if time wasn't so over, I could have lay there and enjoy that pampering for a long time. A quick check with Jessie if she has opened up for Spanish by now and unfortunately the answer is still no. No worries, hand job finishes is fine by me at this stage as I am in such an arousing state, any kind of HJ will get me over the line - and Jessie's ain't any kind, she is one of a kind too. 

When I was getting close, Jessie positioned herself on the side of my as her swinging breasts were there to be sucked and she reach down to hold my cock in one hand in the opposite direction from the usual jerking hold, her other hands were alternating between playing with my balls and light rimming and I was also busy in sucking her right tits while my right hand was squeezing her left and my left hand was squeezing her booty butt. how long can one last in this multiple plays ? not long and I unloaded a few big one over my own belly. my right hand let go of Jessie's tits and reach down to hold on top of her cock hand to ensure the sensation lasted a bit longer and she didn't let go of me either. her action slowed down to some soft touching before Jessie reached down and kissed me and asked, are you happy ? I said very happy and thank you.

a quick clean up and Jessie asked if I like another shower, I said, sure, a quick one, Jessie then said you go first, I come later to give you a back rub (BTW, all the conversation we have were in mandarins ). I was thinking, that's great, she is going to have a shower with me - but no, it's something new and better.

After I was inside the shower for about a minute or two, Jessie came over and asked me to rest my hands on the shower wall, spread my legs and rested them on the bottom edge in a stable position (imagine the police is about to do a body search on you and asked you to place your hands on the wall and spread your legs!) then Jessie was standing just outside the shower and she used her both hands which are now holding in fists and she rubbed her fists up and down along my spines !! that was new to me, no one has ever done that to me and it was so relaxing after the session and I really enjoyed. this little touches at the end is almost worthy to see Jessie again. Jessie rubbed me for about three min before she said, OK, you can finish your shower now.

an excellent session, I have to make time to see Jessie more often, the combination of her firm massages and sensual touches just made the overall experiences of the session so perfect and I like woman with meat anyway, right !

Highly recommended.

Thanks Jessie, and don't work too hard.................haha


Floor: #35
Post Time: 12th September 2016, 06:24 PM
Poster ID: Jonlad
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by LUNGOR


 0402-680-999 (no private number please)


"""



LUNGOR with the finer details. Do you work for 227?


Floor: #36
Post Time: 12th September 2016, 10:05 PM
Poster ID: LUNGOR
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by Jonlad


LUNGOR with the  finer details. Do you work for 227
"""



I think Alice is doing very well on her own.

Besides, I doubt that she could afford my salary.

Good try 

Cheers


Floor: #37
Post Time: 24th September 2016, 09:04 PM
Poster ID: foolishmortal
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Elly
 Establishment: Vitality Charm Massage
 Date of Visit : 24-9-16
 Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 227 Parramatta Rd Broadway, Glebe 
 Hours of Business : 10 am - 9 pm
 Rates : $125/hour
 Age : early 20's
 Size/shape : petite size 6, perky A-cups
 Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai
 Services Provided : nude RNT, B2B, HE
 Value for money/recommend? : yeah!
 My experience/comments : 
I was in Newtown and I originally wanted to try Susan or Casey at Chill Massage but to my dismay the shop had gone kaput. And I was intrigue by those reviews too so here I am, horny with no where to go. Checked the phone and a quick bus ride gets me to Vitality Charm. I went up the stairs and was impressed with the premises. Felt swankier than Daisy massage from a couple of nights previous. Price point is more but boy is it worth it. I was greeted by the Mamasan who I thought was hot with her glasses. She didn't do massage. She did introduce me to Eri who was super hot and petite. Of course, she would be when all the MLs I've been seeing have been either MILFs or older. In the room and showered, I lay on the table as Eri spent the hour looking after me. Her hands were not overly firm, but very relaxing combined with oil had me almost drifting into dreamland. After a while, I was roused awake when Eri's naked body was rubbing on my back. All I can say is that it was pretty sweet. I got to run my hands on her and even got to brief brush on her pussy lips which had a nice texture. Time for the turn over and she proceeds to do the same to my front although it wasn't as full-on as past bodyslides I had experienced. More touchy-feely and I got to briefly taste her small perky tits but no more was on offer so DATY was off. Heck, she didn't even allow my hand near her snatch but she did make it up with the HE. Very slow and unhurried with a nice build up. It was a very satisfying ending to a very relaxing session away from the bustle of the city. Definitely recommend Eri and I would go back. I do wish the Mamasan was available though. 


Sent from my iPad using Tapatalk


Floor: #38
Post Time: 25th September 2016, 09:47 PM
Poster ID: foolishmortal
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Just a quick update on my previous review. I actually got the name wrong. It's actually "Elly".


Floor: #39
Post Time: 22nd December 2016, 09:00 AM
Poster ID: bsmith88888
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Nana

Establishment : Vitality Charm Massage - Broadway NSW

Date of Visit : 21/12/2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 2 Grose Street, Glebe, https://www.massagebroadway.com/

Hours of Business : 10AM - 9PM

Rates : $125 / Hour

Age : Early 20's

Size/shape : Athletic, Fit, amazing  breast, cute face

Nationality or Ethnicity : Taiwan

Services Provided : Massage, B2B, HJ, GFE

Value for money/recommend? : Definite YES

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

Third visit to this place over the past 3 months, having the pleasure of seeing Fiona and Bella on past visits - both good looking ladies, whom I have enjoyed time with. 

Parked in the shopping center (2 hours free parking) and rear entrance into the massage parlor across the road - nice and discreet. Luckily Nana was available, I wanted to book her - but didn't have a time when I would be free. She has an amazing body, like most of the girls I have seen here, however very cute face and voice, extended her hand and lead me up to the room - think my heart skipped a beat . Nice room, and went for a shower whilst she does her thing before returning.

She then gives a amazing massage - probably the best outside of the legit Thai massage place. We chat for the first 15 minutes, connecting well - before she shuts me up so that she can concentrate on the massage. She a student, massages at a legit place, and also does some retail work - busy girl. This would explain why I am so enjoying the massage.

30 minutes left, and she starts on Part 2,starts undressing and I just look on in awe. Cleans the oil off and starts with amazing body slide, nipples, pussy (shaven) rubbing on the back, little kisses on neck - wow. Its then onto the flip and there is quick HJ, before presenting her breast to me, which I go to town on - and she seems to be enjoying also - as get presented throughout the session - her breast and soft, but really firms also - joys of youth. Nana then lies next to me, and we enjoying touching each other bodies, she then hops up gives HJ, whilst rubbing pussy on my leg, allows external access to pussy and ass, and she is getting wet and sticky down there. This experience continues for the remainder of the session, sensual, slow and I love that fact that she looks at you and smiles throughout the session. 

Amazing experience for me with a very cute, friendly lady


Floor: #40
Post Time: 26th December 2016, 03:04 PM
Poster ID: massageboy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Molly

Establishment : Vitality Charm Massage

Date of Visit : 26/12/16

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 227 Parramatta Road Broadway, Glebe 02-9660-8883 SYDNEY Broadway Erotic Massage

Hours of Business : 10am - 8:30pm

Rates : $90/half

Age : 20

Size/shape : tiny size 6 with delightful A cups

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : massage, HE, + pussy play and sucking breasts

Value for money/recommend? : yes

After a frustrating hour or so unsuccessfully trying to find one of my regular shops open I headed in towards Broadway thinking I would try this shop. I had been to Alices's other shop near Central. When I arrived she told me that no-one was free and it would be a 10 to 15 minutes wait. I decided to stay but was ready to walk after 20 minutes of waiting. However Molly miraculously appeared. Initial appearances were that she is a stunner. Little in the way of breasts but a killer young body. I was very happy to stay for her.

This place is quite classy. The rooms are large and well-appointed with nice showers. As it was a hot day I took the opportunity for a shower to freshen up. On to the table and Molly asked about massage strength. I was happy with a soft massage today and she made a fair effort at a real massage. On turnover she was still clothed but quickly disrobed to display an amazing body (if you love beautiful young and very slim bodies as I do.) Breasts were tiny but firm and shapely. Molly is  happy to chat and speaks English passably well which is important to me. She allowed me to play with her pussy and some sucking on her breasts. Her HJ was perhaps a bit fast but I don't think she is very experienced. The highlight was that I was massaging her pussy as she was giving me a HJ and after I came she encouraged me to continue until she came. A delight to see the increasing arousal on her face. She gave me a nice clean up and I showered again. On the way out she gave me a cuddle and a light kiss and I left a happy man. I will return to see if I can get a little more out of her. At $90 all inclusive for 30 minutes this place is good value if you are happy with a massage and HJ and don't hanker for FS.


Floor: #41
Post Time: 26th December 2016, 08:18 PM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
The girls here are just so young and hot, just like 139 york st, and the other 2 city shops with 10 pages of reviews. In fact any rnt lungor visits this being one of them, ive noticed the girls are so close to 20.


Floor: #42
Post Time: 26th December 2016, 09:41 PM
Poster ID: massageboy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by brauninc


The girls here are just so young and hot, just like 139 york st, and the other 2 city shops with 10 pages of reviews. In fact any rnt lungor visits this being one of them, ive noticed the girls are so close to 20
"""



Yes I am not normally a fan of sweet young things as they are often too precious but this was a delightful session with a friendly and down-to-earth but incredibly sexy young woman. It has at least partially reinvigorated my interest in visiting city shops after avoiding them for a couple of years now. It is a pity that it is not really convenient to work or home but I will find a way to return and see Molly!


Floor: #43
Post Time: 11th January 2017, 01:05 PM
Poster ID: LUNGOR
Post Title: 
 Genuine 18 year old French and Japanese mix, Lulu and her 40 G Cups mama mia et délicieux
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lulu

Establishment : VITALITY CHARM MASSAGE

Date of Visit : January 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 227 Parramatta Road Broadway, Glebe 02-9660-8883, 0402-680-999 (no private number please)

/http://www.massagebroadway.com

Hours of Business : Daily 10.00am to 9.00pm

Rates : 

Massage, Body Slide & Happy Ending:
30mins-$90, 45mins-$110, 60mins-$125

Age : 18

Size/shape : size 10, curvy, all natural 40 G Cups (European cup size = D), big, soft full breasts with light pink nipples ! very exotic Eurasian look and young beautiful, innocent face

Nationality or Ethnicity : half French half Japanese mix, think Paris et la Osaka !!

Services Provided : some very average massage, some powdered b2b, very good girl friend feels though, sensual, soft and long hand tease before an intense HJ finishes

Value for money/recommend? : Lulu is a very unique and rare talent, for her age, pretty face, ethnic background and natural big boobs, if those are your things, she is a must see. And she is so my thing !!

My experiences:


The moment I saw Lulu's name and her shop descriptions appears in the roster, I knew I have to have her! Why ? Natural 36 D/E Cups !

Alice doesn't lie or over-hype her girls, so when she said Lulu is natural 36 D/E Cups, the deal is done. And the fact that Lulu is 18 years old and half French and half Japanese are just all bonuses !!

Rang and secured my booking and all morning I was just thinking about those 36 D/E Cups !! finally got to the shop, I was 15 min early and Lulu is available but I still spend 5-10 min chatting with Alice to catch up as this is the first time I see her in 2017 ! and the conversations shall remain private of course, but mostly we talk about the market and her western girls anyway.

And this time because I want to explore Lulu and her body properly so I spend the $125/hr instead of the 30 min quickie. Alice called out Lulu to meet me: She is so beautiful ! very long dark hair, fully make up, medium height and big big tits with deep deep cleavage, yeap, all the boxes are ticked. Lulu is also very curvaceous, so if you are after slim girls, ask Alice for someone else, Lulu is strictly for the big tits and meat lovers like yours truly. 

Lulu lead me to a room on the reception floor, a room I have never been, it's hot day so I opt to take a quick shower and when I came out, Lulu is back inside the room and handed me the towel and we started chatting, I have learnt some francais at Uni so I used them and Lulu was very happy to converse with me and then I continue to show off some of my rather limited Japanese as well and again, no question she is genuine French/Japanese mix.

I lay on the table and Lulu asked me if I like strong or soft massage, I said I will leave that to you. Lulu has very warm and soft hands and they feel really good on my back. I can tell she is untrained but she did put in some efforts, her techniques are limited and simple but the long and slow strokes along my back with her warm hands and on my waists are just what I needed and for relaxation, she is doing ok. then she did the legs, nothing to write home about, and no TT which is to be expected.

At the half hour mark, Lulu went outside to get the hot towel, even on a hot day, the hot towel always feels good. Next come the powdered teasing on my back and legs, again, I don't want to say anything and just go with the flow, but this bit was really a waste of time, but Lulu seems to have her routines so the gentleman in me just let her do her things.

After about 5 min of these nothing powder tease, it's time for Lulu to take off her dress!! Finally ! she was wearing matching black lingerie underneath and WOW !! those boobs are big and the Bra was struggling to hold them inside !!

As soon as those natural big breasts are released, I could no longer contain myself, I got up, pull Lulu towards me and gave them a thorough examinations and appreciations. my assessment: well, they are bigger than your usual D or E Cups, I'll say 40 G Cups based on Japanese AV measurements, but since Lulu is here, I might as well ask the lady herself and she told me they are D Cups, I acted surprised and Lulu got the bra and showed me the size label. Well, that's European size which is different from the JAV which I am more familiar with. Either way, they are big, they are soft, they are natural and has very light pink nipples. YUMMO !!

This room has a small stand up mirror in the corner which is rather useless, there is a big full wall mirror at the head of the table so I pulled Lulu towards me and while the panties is still there, I just want to see her big tits from the mirror, or to watch my hands holding and playing with them to be exact.

It is not everyday you can get hold of such natural big tits, so even for a big tits players like me, I was a bit lost and don't really know what to do with them........lol.  I settled for hold and feel and my chest was tightly against Lulu's back, I could smell a bit of her sweet sweat which she has worked up while giving me the massage. Handle with care and handle with respects quickly comes to mind, as they are simply too big to be hold with one hand, I started using both hands to hold one breasts - much better, now I am talking, now I am playing and how good are they?? no offence to small tits ladies, but this complete and fulfilling feel and satisfactions just can't be have unless you are physically blessed with the big breasts !!

Time flys while I was indulging my big tits fix, and time is 15 min to go, so I lay back down on the table face up, wasn't sure if there is any more b2b to come from Lulu but as time is running out, any b2b might as well have them on my front, and there is. 

Well, sort of and without oil, still, it's an awesome sight when the naked Lulu is across and on top of my body, those big tits hanging down from her chest and lightly brushing across from my chest and tummy and cock, but without oil, it wasn't quite the sensual effects it should have created. and it was only short live like 3 min.

Then next come, again, finally, the highlight of the session, Lulu applied some oil on lil AH ! and I stood to full attention almost instantly, then Lulu comes up on to the table and laying next to me - this is very nice and I love it, She has to adjust a few times so that her body, her two big boobs, my body my left hand can all be comfortable. This is very good girl friend feel from Lulu.

She was laying next to me, her body tight against mine and under my left arm, her right tits was on the bottom, then my upper body, and then her big left tits on top of my chest which I can have full access using my right hand. my left hand is free to caress Lulu's back and her butt, Lulu only has her left hand free and she was trying to jerk me. I reach out to bring the oil bottle to the table and oil myself up more, and then rather than let Lulu finishing me with her hand, I put her hand on my balls instead and she start to rub and caress them and this feels sensational and no risk of cumming yet. and I help myself with my right hand and holding and playing with Lulu's breast. the world could have stood still and we can just do this for as long as time permits !!

Once again, I have a peep at the clock and 5 min to go, so I signal Lulu to sit up and I put more oil on my rock hard AH ! time to test for Spanish, I put Lulu in the position between my legs and all are in readiness for this would be awesome tits fuck !

But as soon as I tried to lower Lulu's breasts on to my cock, she holds herself up and said: NOT ON MY BOOBS !! my dream and my heart was broken altogether !! NO spanish!! that's a really pity, but the lady said no and that's it.

So I let go of her, I sit up, Lulu used her right hand to support her body, and her left hand was giving me the hand job, and my two hands were holding her two big tits and since there ain't no tits fuck, I might as well hand fuck her and the sight of my hands holding and grabbing Lulu's two big tits were simply too excited to last any longer and I shot out a big load which landed on my chest and then another one, and she didn't let go of me until I shot a total of 4 loads of cum then I have to tap her hand to stop, but the feeling was so great and intense, I make sure my hand is holding her hand holding my cock for the next 30 second until everything was calm down.

A quick cleaning up and I went to take another quick shower before getting dress.

It's was a great session, Lulu is such a lovely girl and those tits are awesome, a bit disappointed that there was no spanish but I really enjoyed her laying next to me bit and I will see her again for sure - may be just a 30 min quickie will be enough.

BTW, before my session, Alice actually warned me a bit that due to Lulu's young age, she is not experienced in RnT and could be seen as having a bit of attitude - which I have not felt through out my session, the only negative thing was the no spanish bit but even that was a very innocent and polite decline, and I was fine with it. may be other punters were pushing her boundaries too far and she put up the Berlin wall, but hey YMMV and if you are nice to Lulu, pretty sure she is the sweetest and nicely French girl you could get your hands on.

a thoroughly enjoyed session - if only Cici would have got that body................haha


Floor: #44
Post Time: 12th January 2017, 09:39 PM
Poster ID: bsmith88888
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Marie

Establishment : Vitality Charm Massage - Broadway NSW

Date of Visit : 12/01/2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 2 Grose Street, Glebe, https://www.massagebroadway.com/

Hours of Business : 10AM - 9PM

Rates : $125 / Hour

Age : 19

Size/shape : Athletic, Fit, nice body, cute face

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : Massage, HJ, 

Value for money/recommend? : Yes, but YMMV

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

Another opportunity to visit Vitality, this time made booking after missing out last time. Decided on Marie, young Australian, full of possibility. Turned up at the designated time and was taken into the room by Marie. She is a young Aussie girl from the beaches, loves to talk and very new to the industry.

After the shower, I get onto the table, and Marie strips to her underwear, showing nice ass in G String and starts the massage. Massage is not good, however expected that and the ratings on the web site are pretty accurate. Conversation is easy and we discuss whats shes being doing and what lead her to the industry in the past month. She is blunt with questions - younger generation  - however was straight up with her and that meant we got on pretty well.

30 minute mark, and on the flip, she removes the remaining clothes, and man - the joys of youth - nice body and not shy about it at all. Starts teasing and playing and encourages touching. Pierced nipples, belly button and nose stud - first time for me. HJ is very nice and sensual and very enjoyable. Asked if DATY was on offer, but said she was not into that - so left it at that. Touching continues and I think she is getting horny and does a couple of other things as part of the session - YMMV - just need to treat her nice. Session coming to end all to quickly and wanted to extend. She is happy to, however another booking already set - DAMN.

Shower and then head off - with a hug on exit. Saw another girl, and man this place has stunners

Would I recommend, Yes - definitely not for the massage, but for the conversation (if you into this, she does not stop and had some nice laughs). Also very keen to please if you click with her, experience different from others - very genuine, and would attribute this to how new this is for her. It could just be her - may need another visit to confirm


Floor: #45
Post Time: 2nd February 2017, 10:28 AM
Poster ID: LUNGOR
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by LUNGOR


Person's Name : Lulu

Establishment : VITALITY CHARM MASSAGE

Date of Visit : January 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 227 Parramatta Road Broadway, Glebe 02-9660-8883, 0402-680-999 (no private number please)

/http://www.massagebroadway.com

Hours of Business : Daily 10.00am to 9.00pm

Rates : 

Massage, Body Slide & Happy Ending:
30mins-$90, 45mins-$110, 60mins-$125

Age : 18

Size/shape : size 10, curvy, all natural 40 G Cups (European cup size = D), big, soft full breasts with light pink nipples ! very exotic Eurasian look and young beautiful, innocent face

Nationality or Ethnicity : half French half Japanese mix, think Paris et la Osaka !!

Services Provided : some very average massage, some powdered b2b, very good girl friend feels though, sensual, soft and long hand tease before an intense HJ finishes

Value for money/recommend? : Lulu is a very unique and rare talent, for her age, pretty face, ethnic background and natural big boobs, if those are your things, she is a must see. And she is so my thing !!

My experiences:


The moment I saw Lulu's name and her shop descriptions appears in the roster, I knew I have to have her! Why ? Natural 36 D/E Cups !

Alice doesn't lie or over-hype her girls, so when she said Lulu is natural 36 D/E Cups, the deal is done. And the fact that Lulu is 18 years old and half French and half Japanese are just all bonuses !!

Rang and secured my booking and all morning I was just thinking about those 36 D/E Cups !! finally got to the shop, I was 15 min early and Lulu is available but I still spend 5-10 min chatting with Alice to catch up as this is the first time I see her in 2017 ! and the conversations shall remain private of course, but mostly we talk about the market and her western girls anyway.

And this time because I want to explore Lulu and her body properly so I spend the $125/hr instead of the 30 min quickie. Alice called out Lulu to meet me: She is so beautiful ! very long dark hair, fully make up, medium height and big big tits with deep deep cleavage, yeap, all the boxes are ticked. Lulu is also very curvaceous, so if you are after slim girls, ask Alice for someone else, Lulu is strictly for the big tits and meat lovers like yours truly. 

Lulu lead me to a room on the reception floor, a room I have never been, it's hot day so I opt to take a quick shower and when I came out, Lulu is back inside the room and handed me the towel and we started chatting, I have learnt some francais at Uni so I used them and Lulu was very happy to converse with me and then I continue to show off some of my rather limited Japanese as well and again, no question she is genuine French/Japanese mix.

I lay on the table and Lulu asked me if I like strong or soft massage, I said I will leave that to you. Lulu has very warm and soft hands and they feel really good on my back. I can tell she is untrained but she did put in some efforts, her techniques are limited and simple but the long and slow strokes along my back with her warm hands and on my waists are just what I needed and for relaxation, she is doing ok. then she did the legs, nothing to write home about, and no TT which is to be expected.

At the half hour mark, Lulu went outside to get the hot towel, even on a hot day, the hot towel always feels good. Next come the powdered teasing on my back and legs, again, I don't want to say anything and just go with the flow, but this bit was really a waste of time, but Lulu seems to have her routines so the gentleman in me just let her do her things.

After about 5 min of these nothing powder tease, it's time for Lulu to take off her dress!! Finally ! she was wearing matching black lingerie underneath and WOW !! those boobs are big and the Bra was struggling to hold them inside !!

As soon as those natural big breasts are released, I could no longer contain myself, I got up, pull Lulu towards me and gave them a thorough examinations and appreciations. my assessment: well, they are bigger than your usual D or E Cups, I'll say 40 G Cups based on Japanese AV measurements, but since Lulu is here, I might as well ask the lady herself and she told me they are D Cups, I acted surprised and Lulu got the bra and showed me the size label. Well, that's European size which is different from the JAV which I am more familiar with. Either way, they are big, they are soft, they are natural and has very light pink nipples. YUMMO !!

This room has a small stand up mirror in the corner which is rather useless, there is a big full wall mirror at the head of the table so I pulled Lulu towards me and while the panties is still there, I just want to see her big tits from the mirror, or to watch my hands holding and playing with them to be exact.

It is not everyday you can get hold of such natural big tits, so even for a big tits players like me, I was a bit lost and don't really know what to do with them........lol.  I settled for hold and feel and my chest was tightly against Lulu's back, I could smell a bit of her sweet sweat which she has worked up while giving me the massage. Handle with care and handle with respects quickly comes to mind, as they are simply too big to be hold with one hand, I started using both hands to hold one breasts - much better, now I am talking, now I am playing and how good are they?? no offence to small tits ladies, but this complete and fulfilling feel and satisfactions just can't be have unless you are physically blessed with the big breasts !!

Time flys while I was indulging my big tits fix, and time is 15 min to go, so I lay back down on the table face up, wasn't sure if there is any more b2b to come from Lulu but as time is running out, any b2b might as well have them on my front, and there is. 

Well, sort of and without oil, still, it's an awesome sight when the naked Lulu is across and on top of my body, those big tits hanging down from her chest and lightly brushing across from my chest and tummy and cock, but without oil, it wasn't quite the sensual effects it should have created. and it was only short live like 3 min.

Then next come, again, finally, the highlight of the session, Lulu applied some oil on lil AH ! and I stood to full attention almost instantly, then Lulu comes up on to the table and laying next to me - this is very nice and I love it, She has to adjust a few times so that her body, her two big boobs, my body my left hand can all be comfortable. This is very good girl friend feel from Lulu.

She was laying next to me, her body tight against mine and under my left arm, her right tits was on the bottom, then my upper body, and then her big left tits on top of my chest which I can have full access using my right hand. my left hand is free to caress Lulu's back and her butt, Lulu only has her left hand free and she was trying to jerk me. I reach out to bring the oil bottle to the table and oil myself up more, and then rather than let Lulu finishing me with her hand, I put her hand on my balls instead and she start to rub and caress them and this feels sensational and no risk of cumming yet. and I help myself with my right hand and holding and playing with Lulu's breast. the world could have stood still and we can just do this for as long as time permits !!

Once again, I have a peep at the clock and 5 min to go, so I signal Lulu to sit up and I put more oil on my rock hard AH ! time to test for Spanish, I put Lulu in the position between my legs and all are in readiness for this would be awesome tits fuck !

But as soon as I tried to lower Lulu's breasts on to my cock, she holds herself up and said: NOT ON MY BOOBS !! my dream and my heart was broken altogether !! NO spanish!! that's a really pity, but the lady said no and that's it.

So I let go of her, I sit up, Lulu used her right hand to support her body, and her left hand was giving me the hand job, and my two hands were holding her two big tits and since there ain't no tits fuck, I might as well hand fuck her and the sight of my hands holding and grabbing Lulu's two big tits were simply too excited to last any longer and I shot out a big load which landed on my chest and then another one, and she didn't let go of me until I shot a total of 4 loads of cum then I have to tap her hand to stop, but the feeling was so great and intense, I make sure my hand is holding her hand holding my cock for the next 30 second until everything was calm down.

A quick cleaning up and I went to take another quick shower before getting dress.

It's was a great session, Lulu is such a lovely girl and those tits are awesome, a bit disappointed that there was no spanish but I really enjoyed her laying next to me bit and I will see her again for sure - may be just a 30 min quickie will be enough.

BTW, before my session, Alice actually warned me a bit that due to Lulu's young age, she is not experienced in RnT and could be seen as having a bit of attitude - which I have not felt through out my session, the only negative thing was the no spanish bit but even that was a very innocent and polite decline, and I was fine with it. may be other punters were pushing her boundaries too far and she put up the Berlin wall, but hey YMMV and if you are nice to Lulu, pretty sure she is the sweetest and nicely French girl you could get your hands on.

a thoroughly enjoyed session - if only Cici would have got that body................hah
"""





For all you big tits lovers (on a 18 yr old French/Japanese mix Eurasian girl) out there, Lulu is back !!

Only for 1 week, so don't miss out, you have been warned !

Cheers


PS. this type of body !!


Thread Title: VITALITY  CHARM  MASSAGE-  227 Parramatta Rd, Broadway - Bookings 0402-680-999 -(old numbers 02 9660 8883) mob  0402 680 999
Floor: #46
Post Time: 6th February 2017, 04:26 PM
Poster ID: bsmith88888
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Natalie

Establishment : Vitality Charm Massage - Broadway NSW

Date of Visit : 06/02/2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 2 Grose Street, Glebe, https://www.massagebroadway.com/

Hours of Business : 10AM - 9PM

Rates : $125 / Hour

Age : Mid 20

Size/shape : 160cm tall, Nice firm body, C+ breast, Shaved, Cute Face

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thailand

Services Provided : Massage, HJ,

Value for money/recommend? : Yes, but did not click

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

Made a booking for lunch time with Natalie, as always very easy process via SMS or phone call. Arrived and had a chat with Angie before settling the finances and taken into the room "nicely air conditioned room " by Natalie. 

Natalie, like all the ladies I have seen here is young, friendly and Gorgeous. When I first saw her face, little surprised - as it reminded me of an old uni friend from 20 odd year ago - so it was a slightly unusual experience. Into the shower and Natalie disappears to do her thing, and on return she starts a very nice massage. She is good at what she does and the massage is firm with a mix of Thai and Chinese. We have a nice chat about how long she has been here, what she does when not massaging - English is good - and easy to talk to - also lots of giggles

At the 30 minute mark, she goes to get the warm towels, cleans the oil off and starts to undress. Amazing body, nice breast - which I believe are enhanced, but done very well. Off with dress and a rock hard ass, and shaved pussy - amazing. She then sits at my feet whilst I am still on my stomach and spend 5 minutes playing with my balls - its nice, but want to flip and get a feel off that body. Flip comes and nice B2B from the front and get my chance for gentle touching, however no insertion. She has amazing skin, smooth and silky, and did I mentioned amazing ass 

Ten minutes to go, and starts the HJ - which was very well done. I usually have to finish myself off at these places - however Natalie knew the right pressure, amount of oil, even when I was close. 

Would I recommend - she is great at what she does - massage, HJ, amazing body, english, etc - however did not click compared to my experiences with the others here - YMMV. Will definitely be back, but with another one of the lovely ladies


Floor: #47
Post Time: 28th February 2017, 11:32 AM
Poster ID: David Banks
Post Title: 
 Vitality Charm Tammy
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Tammy

Establishment : Vitality Charm

Date of Visit : 27 February 2001

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 227 Broadway Glebe

Hours of Business : 10.00-9.00pm

Rates : $125 ph (includes everything, but I usually tip extra for a great experience...and a hope of more next time)

Age : 25

Size/shape : Reasonably slim and curvy....35DD

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Massage and HE

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : Vitality is one of the best massage shops in Sydney in my opinion....very good website that gives a great form guide on each of the girls.....I have been there maybe six times and never had a bad experience....my favourite was Jessie, but she has now retired (or so they said???).

Yesterday I made booking with Natalie, but she was not available so I settled for Tammy and I was not disappointed....in fact, I got to see four girls who were available and the all looked great....I prefer Thai because they usually give best massage.

Tammy takes me to nice room (up LOTS of steps !!!)...it contains a shower which I did not need beforehand, but certainly did afterwards.

Usual face down naked on the table....I had booked an hour. She commences with good solid massage of my back and legs which gradually became more erotic and after about 20 minutes. I responded with some touching between he legs and within 5 minutes she is naked and I am touching, licking  and kissing freely....I have never been able to convince the Vitality girls to upgrade to BJ or FS and Tammy is no exception....but we had a very erotic encounter which ended with me sitting on the side of the bed and her finishing the job.

I will see her again for sure


Floor: #48
Post Time: 7th March 2017, 10:53 PM
Poster ID: bsmith88888
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Cindy

Establishment : Vitality Charm Massage - Broadway NSW

Date of Visit : 07/03/2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 2 Grose Street, Glebe, https://www.massagebroadway.com/

Hours of Business : 10AM - 9PM

Rates : $125 / Hour

Age : Early 20s

Size/shape : Petite, Fit, nice body, cute face

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Massage, HJ, Catbath

Value for money/recommend? : Yes, but YMMV

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

I was after a punt and after reading some recent reviews, decided to visit Vitality Massage again

Read up on the roster and decided on Cindy, pictures looked nice, good description, GFE of 7-9, booked a time and before I knew it, time to make my way there. Easy access via the back door, settled the finances, and as i was a bit early, was introduced to Kelly and Lina - both beautiful young ladies, but decided I would still wait for Cindy. 

Cindy, then appears and WOW - beautiful face and smile, with a petite body to suit - a few blond streaks left as per description. Had a quick shower, before commencing on part 1. Massage is OK at best, as I compare against the legit Thai places, however those places don't have masseuses in a short skirt with a nice ass in G string being exposed every time she bent over - love those mirrors. Spent most of part 1, chatting with Cindy and this was very enjoyable - we clicked well, and got asked some candid questions and I got to ask a few also. 

Soon time for Part 2, and she has an amazing body, small breast with perky nipples, nice curves, and good sized ass - got the little feller hard in no time flat. Nice body slide on the back, she then climbs on back and grinds her pussy into my back - enjoying this all too much, and I then get to roam over her body with my hands, and she feels very fit and soft. Flip over and she gives very nice cat bath - paying attention to my nipples which I love - I get to return the favor and she seems to enjoying her self.  A nice HJ is then commenced and she is not shy about looking you in the eye, with a cheeky smile

We soon approach the hour, and decided to extend as i was enjoying the session so much, and Cindy checks with the boss and agrees also. Next 40 minutes was spend mutual touching, chatting, and few other things, last 20 minutes is a nice sensual HJ to completion. Overall a very enjoyable GFE in a massage parlor ...

As with all these lades, treat them with respect and the experience is so much better. I am not one to try the same lady twice, but I think Cindy would definitely be an exception


Floor: #49
Post Time: 21st March 2017, 11:27 AM
Poster ID: LUNGOR
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Dear MODs,


Please add the booking mobile no. on to the title of this thread: 0402-680-999

I rang the landline earlier today and took three calls to get through to Alice and she suggested that this line is only there for ADSL and not booking, and some times she walk around the big shop, upstairs and downstairs and very often can't hear the call but she carries the mobile on her the whole times.

Thanks and regards

Lungor



ps. in case anyone wondering if there is any good tips from here, I was asking Alice if the Vietnamese girl Helen advertised with D Cups is worth seeing - sorry - not natural but lovely girl !!

Cici with the natural C is not working today and Cherry the Taiwanese girl also with big natural full C Cups but on holiday, so no 227 for me today. I have to look elsewhere, if I find something, will share.

Cheers


Floor: #50
Post Time: 4th April 2017, 07:41 AM
Poster ID: bsmith88888
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Nana

Establishment : Vitality Charm Massage - Broadway NSW

Date of Visit : 03/04/2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 2 Grose Street, Glebe, https://www.massagebroadway.com/

Hours of Business : 10AM - 9PM

Rates : $125 / Hour

Age : Early 20's

Size/shape : Athletic, Fit, amazing breast and ass, cute face  

Nationality or Ethnicity : Taiwan

Services Provided : Massage, B2B, HJ, GFE

Value for money/recommend? : Definite YES

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

Been almost a month since I visited this place, checked out their roster and was drawn to Nana whom seemed to be same lady I saw in Dec, however disappeared off the roster, and new slightly different picture. I recalled that I really enjoyed that session - great massage, cheeky as, and we clicked well - booking made for that afternoon.

Arrived at the premise, settled the finances and then met up with Nana again - definitely her, same cheeky smile, put on a bit of extra kg - but I believe that just made her more beautiful, especially that ass in G String which made an appearance in Part 2. Into the room and shower, she said's she remembers me from a previous visit and she then starts on a very nice massage. We have a chat, and she took a break for a few months - hence off the roster. However, return to make some extra $$$$ for her future plans.

Soon time for Part 2, and she starts to strip - man, she looks amazing in her bra and g-string, and I'm in awe, great eye contact and she strip the rest off and starts on a body slide. Nana really likes to come in close whilst on your back, deeps breathes and rubs those amazing nipples and pussy on you. I'm more than ready for the flip and then more body slides on the front - with her face only cm's from yours. She then starts on a nice HJ whilst lying next to, and I get the opportunity to play with her body, with a few gentle strokes on her pussy which is sticky and wet - major turn on for me. 

During our conversation, we discussed our love of find a good masseuse, so I give her a nice firm rub from her bum to shoulder whilst she is lying on top of me, penis trapped on her stomach. She is enjoying this and so am I, this continues on and off for the next 5 minutes. More mutual play, get to suck on those nipples, she does the same for me - really nice GFE. Time was running out, and I was still hard, asked whether she was OK to extend for another hour. She calls the boss, however she was already booked. She apologies for not getting me over the line - but I was more than happy with the session - great massage, cheeky, confident girl with an amazing body, who seemed to enjoy the time

For me - definitely a recommend


Floor: #51
Post Time: 10th April 2017, 05:24 PM
Poster ID: LUNGOR
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Linda

Establishment : VITALITY CHARM MASSAGE

Date of Visit : April 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 227 Parramatta Road Broadway, Glebe 0402-680-999 https://www.massagebroadway.com/

Hours of Business : Daily 10.00am to 9.00pm

Rates : 

Massage, Body Slide & Happy Ending:
30mins-$90, 45mins-$110, 60mins-$125

plus $20 extra tips for Spanish !

Age : 22

Size/shape : size 6, curvy, all natural 35 DD Cups, quite petite apart from her natural treasures. For all those people who were a fans of Iris, Linda's breasts are very similar in size and shape. Big, soft full breasts with light pink nipples ! She has full make up on but looks very pretty and yet an innocent vibe.

Nationality or Ethnicity : from North Eastern China

Services Provided : massage skills are elementary, used a bit of her elbow. very raw and new to the industry. today is her second day only ! hand job was basic, so all you massage experts can see her and give her some training please, I wanted to but I don't have the time. Spanish alone was worthy of the massage fees and extra tips.

Value for money/recommend? : To me she is a definite YES, I missed Iris for so long and just happy to have found a replacement who is just as good. Enough said.

My experiences:


Saw the 227 Broadway roster on the weekend and notice that there is a new girl Linda listed as natural 35 D cups. Can't wait until Monday to give Alice a call to ask about Linda. New girl, only second week at work and very raw and new to the industry. Alice has to train her from 101. And those boobs are big and soft and Alice said Linda is very pretty and young and sweet and will give me good girl friend feel, what more can I ask for ?? made the booking and get to the shop right on time.

After my usual chit chat with Alice and she told me about those two other new girls from Eastern Europe all with big tits. Alice joked about it say that she hasn't had any busty girl since Lulu left and all of a sudden she has three !!

But I was here to see Linda and she just being ready so I handed over my $90 minimum and Alice also told me that if I would like to have Spanish with Linda, I need to pay her another $20 tips. No problem, happy to pay, hope they are worth it. In fact I much rather pay than missing out like I did with Lulu!

Linda came into Alice's office to meet me, first impression, a very petite girl, medium long hair, wearing a short read dress, actually, that dress looks more like a nightie than a dress you wear to go out, never mind, it's not gonna to stay on for long I don't think. But one thing I noticed immediately was the big white tits and it's deep cleavage. WOW !! She is right girl for me for sure. And Linda was wearing a very high platform shoes. She is quite short even with the high shoes. But hey, I am not here for her long legs am I ??

Cici my Hong Kong girl friend from this shop is still the most beautiful MLs I have seen here but Linda is not too far behind in terms of beauty. and she smiles very sweetly to me and say hi, then she took my hands and lead me upstairs to room 7.

It's a cold day so I don't want to take a shower before the session so I placed the towel on the chair and started undressed. Since I am not showering, Linda stays in the room to keep me company, so we have a good chat about her, only been in Australia for a few months and never worked in another shop. I told Linda that she is very lucky to find 227 and Alice before she is a good boss and look after her girls and give them good training too, and the shops is probably the best facilities of this kind that she can find.

Anyway, lay on the table and Linda starts the massage. it's 10 min I probably don't need. she tries but lack of experience (not lack of efforts though as she used her elbows a lot and did put in some strength as she goes along). Then the hot towel and I got up to have a drink of water, Linda signal me to lay down again and has the powder bottle in her hands, I told her I don't like the powder and just pulled her towards me for a bear hug.

When her big boobs hit my chest, that's how my session should have started and everything from here on was top grade:

I lifted up Linda's dress, she was wearing a black bra, which is one size too small................lol and a very cute black undies with some cute printing at the back.

I have to see Linda in her bra from the mirror and it was an awesome sight. I undid her bra from behind and voila !! IRIS MARK II IS HERE.

I said this because the moment when Linda's big boobs were total reveal to me from the mirror, my immediate impression of those tits were: I have seen you guys before !! on Iris ! If purely on size, I think Iris is still about half a Cup bigger, but other than that, the shape and the way the sit, exact the same as Iris'. Similar light colour pink nipples too but they are those soft kind, and not getting erected after a bit of Ahlungor bare hands examinations. 

And before I said anything, Linda bend down and took her undies off as well. So, now, from the big wall mirror, I can see the full frontal glory of Linda. Is her body better than Iris? I will say no, because :

1. Iris was slightly bigger
2. Iris was a bit slimmer on the rest of the body.
3. Iris has no body fat at all while Linda has a bit of baby fat in her mid section, they don't bother me at all when she has got those 35 DD Cups on top but they are there and I can't lie.
4. Iris was a bit taller too so she has better legs.
5. Iris still has hair between her legs and Linda is fully shaven !!

So, Ahlungor and his hands do what they like to do and always do to natural big tits and to me personally - This is what RnT is all about !!

A 22 year old, so pretty, so fresh, so innocent and looking into my eyes through the mirror, smiling to me so sweetly and with a bit of shyness - trying to cover her body especially those big boobs, haha, as if she can cover them................lol

When you are having a good time, time just flys, I told Linda, next time I come back to see you, no need to massage me, just let me hold you like this (and as I said that last sentence, my hands were holding one breast each and I squeezed them to coincide with the word "THIS" )

I know I need to have my happy ending now, so I lay back down on the table, Linda oil me up a bit and started with both hands. I can tell she has not done this too often before, but still feels pretty good. My hands went separate ways, one is on her breast and the other on her butt. Then I realised that I need more hands on her boobs so two hands are now on the two boobs. then Linda comes up to the table and laying next to me so that we can have more body contact. 

OK, the time has come for the best main course of the dinner party. I asked for more oil, then position Linda between my legs, when she lower her upper body on to me, my rock hard cock could almost mistake identify those 35 DD Cups as Iris's 36 E Cups !!

I know if I proceed to fuck those tits now, I will shot in 10 seconds, I want this to last longer so I raised Linda up a little, so that her breasts' nipple tips are just touching my cock, and I swing her tits side way as if she is slapping my cock with her tits, and Linda must also found this quite fun and she initiated more swing and slapping. Then I am lost for wording to described the next 5 minutes. Only tits lovers and Spanish professor will know how I feel and what I am talking about when you have pretty much the best pair of tits for your pleasure. Time has come and I got to fuck them, I did and quite quickly, I managed to shot out one big load out of the valley while the next several cum shots were just buried inside her tits.

Linda sensed that I have cum, so she collapsed on top of me and rubbed her breasts gently over my mess and my cock and look into my eyes with a smile and asked, are you happy? feel good? I said, you have no idea how good that was, thank you, thank you, thank you.

I was a bit exhausted so I send Linda off to shower first, not sure whether she is ready for me joining her there so I just have my rest, when she finished, she kept the hot water running for me then it's my turn.

I got dressed and more chit chat and Linda asked if I will see her again, I said I will see you every week if you are working closer to the city but I promise I'll be back. got to have more of those tits for sure !!

If you like them young, like them raw and innocent, love natural big boobs, then Linda is a must try and Highly recommended !!


Floor: #52
Post Time: 10th April 2017, 09:50 PM
Poster ID: LUNGOR
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Sorry MODs, for the Linda review I copied an earlier template and forgot to change the date, it should be April and not January.

Thanks


Floor: #53
Post Time: 30th April 2017, 09:46 AM
Poster ID: bsmith88888
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Tina

Establishment : Vitality Charm Massage - Broadway NSW

Date of Visit : 21/04/2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 2 Grose Street, Glebe, https://www.massagebroadway.com/

Hours of Business : 10AM - 9PM

Rates : $125 / Hour

Age : Mid 20's

Size/shape : Slim, 170cm tall, cute, A breast, Shaved

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Massage, B2B, HJ, Massage

Value for money/recommend? : YES, but clinical

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

Hectic week and finally had some time free, decided on a R&T, as just wanted a nice relaxing massage and relief. Checked the roster and decided on Tina, as some good review and also picture on their site was enticing, as well as grading for her massage. Arrived at the premises and settled the finance before being introduce to Tina. She is a fine looking lady, very good English and was then taken to the room for a shower, whist she went to gather her things.

On return she provided a very nice massage, Chinese style and concentrated on the pressure points - therapeutic with very little sensual elements. Tried to start some conversation, during the massage - however limited responses, so decided to go with it and enjoy the massage. 

Soon time for Part B and she strips down, and amazing body like most whom I have seen at this place - slim, A breast, shaved pussy. Starts with a B2B from the back, so blowing on the necks and ears - gets me hard very quickly. On the flip, more body slide and then gives one of the best HJ I have experienced - changes positions, speed, plays with the head - very nice. Once again conversation was limited, as was eye contact, touching on her was limited as she positioned her self just out of reach most of the time.

10 minutes to go, and still hadn't come, so she steps it up a notch, blows air onto the little fella, and eventually front body slide, trapping penis in her hand, whilst lying on me. Rubs away, and the action, contact of her breast on me, blowing into my ears - good gets the desired response. She cleans up and starts to get more talkative, saying she had a tummy ache and so apologies for the session. 

I found the session to be a bit clinical - however this may have been to do with her tummy. That being said, she is very experienced, and provided on the the best Part B at this place. I would return, but would try some of the others first - YMMV


Floor: #54
Post Time: 2nd June 2017, 06:30 PM
Poster ID: LUNGOR
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Rita

Establishment : VITALITY CHARM MASSAGE

Date of Visit : June 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 227 Parramatta Road Broadway, Glebe 0402-680-999 https://www.massagebroadway.com/

Hours of Business : Daily 10.00am to 9.00pm

Rates : $125/60 min

No part 1, just cuddling and kissing and caressing, passionate touching mutually, HJ plus $20 extra tips for Spanish (she didn't asked, I wanted to give her a little tip!)

Age : 18! Since last week !

Body: size 8, all natural 35 E Cups , IMHO, she is now my no. 1 tits in Sydney RnT scenes !

Look: fresh and young , innocent and a fountain of youth 

My experiences :

I have been trying to see Rita ever since Alice told me she has an 18 yr old new girl starting and naturally busty.

I didn't expect Rita's natural treasures would exceed all my expectations :

They are not only big and of the best shape , they are so firm and standing up so proudly on Rita's chests, only the legendary Sophie from 501 was equally firm but Sophie wasn't 18 !!

They might as well be man made being so firm and perfectly shaped but 100% all natural with my personal stamp of approval.

As for the review , well, where do I start!

Do I even need to review Rita, she is 18! And I am rating her the current no. 1 tits in Sydney RnT , need I say more:

悉尼笫一波 ！十八才，F 力！

We had a wonderful rapport and great conversations, I told her she probably doesn't know yet how good her body is. She think she is a big fat and I told her she is perfect ! Then she told me I have very good skin and I said I'm getting old , she told me I looked handsome with my matured look and a touch of greys, and I look like a movie star ! So Vanity had striked again, what's there not to like about Rita !

No massage as mentioned and I started with a towel wrapped around my waist after the shower and Rita fully clothed, but when I bear hug her, her soft yet very firm tits just pressed against mine like a second skin , then slowly after some conversations her blue dress came off. 

Rita can definitely be a Victoria secret lingerie model for China , that natural deep cleavage was the first highlight of our session, when I did enough cupping of her, I finally ask her permission to remove her bra, she thought I was such a gentleman, I was just trying to take it slow !

Then the bra is off and her perfecto tits de supremo were unveiled!

Wow! I can't believe my eyes, if there are superstar in tits ! Those are , let's see, Angeline and Brad , Beyonse and Adele, Federer and Williams! I just don't know if I have ever seen another pair better !!

Better than Iris, Thai breasts Vicky and co !

Part 2


I have now made my feelings very clear on Rita's boobs, but what about her looks some of you may ask?

While comparing Rita with Iris, I might as well let them go head to head, Alice if you are reading this, like to hear your comments too:

1. Breasts:
R - 9.5
I - 9.0

2. Body over all:
R - 8.5 Rita is more curvaceous and has a great ass
I - 8.0 apart from the big boobs, Iris is actually quite slim and petite, so it's a matter of which girl takes your fancy more.

3. Age
R - 18 plus one week
I - 19/20

4. Looks
While I'll say they are both pretty girls, beauty is really in the eyes of the beholder:

Rita - from a distance, like outside a metre or two Rita is your girl next door, youthful looking, pretty without being stunning beautiful, just a touch of makeup. But up close inside the room and when she and I locked our eyesight together , she was so beautiful! Those eyes ! Is that what GFE is all about ?

Iris - is more a cutie than a beautiful girl, and she looks more like a 16 year old if you don't look down on to her boobs. Both girls have that degree of shyness which is understandable and expected due to their young age. As I have only seen Rita once and she has maintained her looks radiated the same feel through out the hour, so I found no fault there, where with Iris I have seen her so many times and over a longer period of times so I have also seen some mood changes , sometimes when I saw her at QVB after 5pm, she was so tired, which affected the whole experiences where Rita is just so fresh and enthusiastic!

BTW, purely on looks, I think Cici at 227 and currently Linda at 227 are both more beautiful girls but both wear more make up so I may have a shock if the make ups are gone, won't be a problem with either Rita and Iris.

5. Personality

Rita while actually a couple of years younger has a slightly more matured attitude and can hold a conversation at more levels - she is a Uni student studying accounting and that probably shows.

Iris is just a more naive little girl probably didn't handle her popularity and sudden flames and fortune that well, and eventually had to stop doing Spanish - that's probably all my faults too, Damn it ! 

Ok, that's all the boring stuff out of the way. More for the amusement of myself, here are the rest of the session:

So while I was admiring Rita 's natural E Cups and from the reflections of the mirror, I just felt so lucky that I made an effort to see her today. And how can I see her more from here ??

All the usual Ahlungor breasts play was played out on Rita and she must be thinking this older guy must really like woman's breasts - only breasts like yours little sister !

As time ticks, I signal Rita to remove her last piece of garment, when the matching undies goes I can see a fully shaven pussy , I'm not usually a pussy man in a RnT environment but an 18 year old's young and bald pussy just has its attractions on man !

Turned Rita around and she has a great ass, full and meaty without being too big, so good to grab on and bouncy ! On the other hand, Iris and Linda both have small ass so they don't look as womanly as Rita !

Enough of standing and sitting at the edge of the table, I lay down and asked Rita to come to the left hand side of the table so that I can have a full view of her boobs from the big wall mirror on the right hand side. One more thing I told Rita, with her body and great breasts, I won't have the need to watch porn on the internet any more as her breasts are the best, the search is over !!

BTW, I guess many of you may have watched this Czech girl also called Rita who was very famous in massage room porns and she has this great pair of tits, younger Rita is better of course but I wonder when Alice named her Rita if there was any connections at the back of the mamasans mind ??......... haha

Now that Rita is standing next to me, her breasts are hanging down from her chest when she bend down a bit to be closer to me, what a sight! I can hold back no more, have to take them into my mouth and gave them a good old sucking up, licking the pink nipples which erected a little as well by now, I can just eat them all day, the burial of my head between them is just the way how all breasts lovers should eventually die when the time comes I'll say!!

By now I felt I need some pampering between my legs but it was still totally calm so I ask Rita to bring the oil bottle to the table , as soon as I was oiled up and she put her warm hands on me, I was instantly rock hard.

For a young ML whose only been on the job for the second day, Rita has pretty good hands, not expertly or skilfully but more passionately and sensually and I suppose when I can watch myself holding and playing and sucking on those great tits, any pair of hands touching my hard cock will be great hands !! This is what RnT is all about man !! I so wish I could post some photos of Rita's tits on my RnT thread and close up shop ! As any more future posting will be deemed indifferent IMHO!!

Have a quick peep at the wall clock and only 10 min left, so it's time for the main course, showed Rita how and where to go between my legs , it was a bit awkward for her but once she and her hanging big tits were in position , its garden of Eden, and heaven on earth for me man ! Spray more oil on little Big Ahl and bring Rita down just a touch more so that the tips of her tits were just touching me, and as I lifted up my hips a bit, my hard cock was having its first fuck on Rita's deep valley of lust and sins !! 

And I have to ask Rita not to keep her head down looking at the Spanish proceedings as if when I cum, I may hit her. Forgot to say, before Rita came to the table for Spanish I asked her to tie up her long hair so they won't get in the way.

This has to be one of my best Spanish play in my entire life, is it my best ever ? Well, I need to complete my Ahlungor Spanish trilogy before I can answer that: the Trilogy consists of three different Spanish positioning: the current one is she on top , bending down and forward and I have to hold the breasts together with my hands - my favourite position !

Second leg will be she sitting up, legs apart, my legs wide open to be placed over her thighs and we get as close as possible and when she lend forward a bit, she can hold her tits together for me to slide in, this way I don't have to hold the tits myself, I just fuck them ! But not too good for my back so it's my least favourite!

The final leg would be me on top she used her hands or lower arms to push the boobs together and I just go on top of her to fuck, this is the worst position for the girls as it will usually ended up cum on tits, cum on face and/or cum on hair !!

So back to my first leg, watching my cock head sliding in and out between Rita's full deep cleavage and then look to the right to see a totally naked beautiful 18 yr old girl's body on top of me letting me have my way for my lust and pleasure, that eventually was too much to hold back and I shoot a big sticky load inside Rita's boobs, I could have timed it so I shot exactly when I was at my upward burst where my Cock would stick out and shot my cum out far and on to my chest, but I rather cum inside her cleavage and on to her breasts walls, haha....... its just me !

I slides my cock deep and in and out a bit more until I think I had got my last drop out, full credit to Rita, she didn't back off or tried to get up as soon as I cum but she actually collapsed on top of me so those two heavenly soft/firm pillows were covering little Al as he fast losing its size !

A quick clean up and Rita asked if I like to shower first, I was buggered by then so lady first, when she was half way and I believe the hot water was ready I got up to join Rita in the shower, as there was no massage oil to clean so the oil and any bodily fluids were basically just on her breasts and my cock so a quick soap up and we were both cleaned , I didnt have any more embraced or body touching inside the shower but as we came out, it was actually quite cold so we gave each other a bit of body warmth hug before drying up and got dressed very quickly.

Rita walked me down the stairs and that must be the peak hours as MLs and punters were crossing paths in reception area on top of the back stairs.

Alice was there saying goodbye to a customer too, so she turned around and ask me how was it, I said very good, was it a C Cups or D Cups she asked ? I said, they are perfect, I'll say either E Cups or Double D and Alice just laughed ! Then I whispered to Alice's ears: I will rate her the number one tits in Sydney !

悉尼第一波！

Then I turned to give Rita a big hug and promised I will be back then hug and kissed the manasan before walking down the stairs !

A Star is Born !!!


PS. Don't expect too much on the skills side for both part I and II from young Rita people , just enjoy her youth and natural talents OK! And as always , YMMV !



Cheers


Floor: #55
Post Time: 10th June 2017, 03:46 PM
Poster ID: LUNGOR
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Second visit of Rita,


So just borrow the previous template, sorry , a bit lazy today.

阿龍哥重遇悉尼第一波！

Mountains were moved, heavy favours called upon at work just so that I could have a round two and second taste of Rita !

Why? Just wanted to get my hands on her 35 E Cups again to make sure that I wasn't dreaming last week !

And of course, she is real, they are all real and her no 1 boobs ranking is now set in stone ! Only according to yours truly Ahlungor and in his very humble personal opinions only !

My appointment prior to my booking with Rita had finished much earlier so I have more than an hour to kill before making my way to 227, so had a quickie sushi at the Broadway centre and bought some bento takeaway for lovely Rita, I suppose all young Asian girls would like sushi ?? And she did and she quickly put that away in the kitchen fridge before taking my hand and took me upstairs .

Rita was wearing an orange number today, probably one size too small or was it she boobs are too big ??

Gave her the usual $20 extra tips and we are heading to the shower together .

I really feel that I am revealing too much of our session already, so may be just on points form :

Both undressed and naked 

Head into shower to get the temperature right

Invited Rita to join me inside

Two naked bodies embraced closely under the hot shower

I got soap to soapy her body and tits 

She got soap to soapy my body and cock and balls

I showed her the few things I like

She did the few things I like to me

Almost cum, had to stop her 

Wash up and out and dry off.

More embracing and hugging and some kissing between the table and wall mirror 

Watch my hands playing her big tits from mirror

Rub hard cock on her 

Rita turned around and rub her tummy on my hard anatomy 

Asked Rita to lay on the table face down for me to admire and explore every inches of her back .

Can't help but had to slap that ass , too meaty and too bouncy

Asked Rita to turn around face up for me to admire and explore every inches of her front.

Kissed many places of all her anatomies 

Landed a few kisses on top of her lower lips

Then come something I don't usually do to busty girls but wanted to: 

I lay on top of Rita 

My head is between her tits

I suck on each breast

Rita was breasts feeding a hungry Lungor

I bury my head between those 35 E Cups 

I could do this all day all night

I would die happy in this position 

Those heaven pillows that I couldn't have every night !!

I got up to have a drink of water , temperature in the room is getting hot or was that our body heat ?

Now I lay down on the table

Rita is on top of me

Firstly , I just asked her right on top

I looked right to the wall mirror , what an awesome sight

Then I asked Rita to raise her upper body a touch

So the tip of her nipples hanging down were just touching mine.

I looked right and the awesome sight just turned heavenly and erotic 

Moved Rita's body further up so that her tits are now right on top of my mouth .

More licking, sucking, inserting of her tits which were way too big for my little mouth 

Showed Rita how to hit and slap a man's head with her boobs, Syd like that, that was fun and I made her laugh !

All these plays with her body and boobs have made me tired .

I remain lay down 

Rita got off me and grab the oil bottle

Time for her to do her things on me, still very primitive, very shy and inexperienced but so sensual and so sexy and so erotic just the same.

I enjoyed the sensual touches and pampering with her hands knowing that I won't accidentally cum ......... lol

Now it's time for the home straight and main event

More oil was sprayed on my tool

Rita back up on the table

Lungor Spanish positioning 1 in place

35 E Cups are oiled up and ready 

You know the drills - another Lungor happy Spanish lesson reached completion and reached out far and wide but Rita was ready this time, her head was in a safe angle and distance !

Cleaning up was slow and caring 

Rita asked about the shower, 

But Lungor was too tired to be a gentleman this time

Rita is a lady , a good friend and a sweet little chambermaid who got the water ready before inviting me to join. 

No hanky panky business this time as the tiring lil Lun had gone to sleep .

Got out, dry up and got dressed 

Rita holding my arm and walked me downstairs. Thank me again for her lunch bento, I just hope that there wasn't another booking back to back so that she can have a break and something to eat.

Time for Lungor to get back out to the cold weather, pouring rain and the real world . But that little small part in my heart was still feeling the warmth from Rita !!










 Originally Posted by LUNGOR


Person's Name : Rita 

Establishment : VITALITY CHARM MASSAGE

Date of Visit : June 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 227 Parramatta Road Broadway, Glebe 0402-680-999 https://www.massagebroadway.com/

Hours of Business : Daily 10.00am to 9.00pm

Rates : $125/60 min

No part 1, just cuddling and kissing and caressing, passionate touching mutually, HJ plus $20 extra tips for Spanish (she didn't asked, I wanted to give her a little tip!)

Age : 18! Since last week !

Body: size 8, all natural 35 E Cups , IMHO, she is now my no. 1 tits in Sydney RnT scenes !

Look: fresh and young , innocent and a fountain of youth 

My experiences :

I have been trying to see Rita ever since Alice told me she has an 18 yr old new girl starting and naturally busty.

I didn't expect Rita's natural treasures would exceed all my expectations :

They are not only big and of the best shape , they are so firm and standing up so proudly on Rita's chests, only the legendary Sophie from 501 was equally firm but Sophie wasn't 18 !!

They might as well be man made being so firm and perfectly shaped but 100% all natural with my personal stamp of approval.

As for the review , well, where do I start!

Do I even need to review Rita, she is 18! And I am rating her the current no. 1 tits in Sydney RnT , need I say more:

悉尼笫一波 ！十八才，F 力！

We had a wonderful rapport and great conversations, I told her she probably doesn't know yet how good her body is. She think she is a big fat and I told her she is perfect ! Then she told me I have very good skin and I said I'm getting old , she told me I looked handsome with my matured look and a touch of greys, and I look like a movie star ! So Vanity had striked again, what's there not to like about Rita !

No massage as mentioned and I started with a towel wrapped around my waist after the shower and Rita fully clothed, but when I bear hug her, her soft yet very firm tits just pressed against mine like a second skin , then slowly after some conversations her blue dress came off. 

Rita can definitely be a Victoria secret lingerie model for China , that natural deep cleavage was the first highlight of our session, when I did enough cupping of her, I finally ask her permission to remove her bra, she thought I was such a gentleman, I was just trying to take it slow !

Then the bra is off and her perfecto tits de supremo were unveiled!

Wow! I can't believe my eyes, if there are superstar in tits ! Those are , let's see, Angeline and Brad , Beyonse and Adele, Federer and Williams! I just don't know if I have ever seen another pair better !!

Better than Iris, Thai breasts Vicky and co !

Part 2


I have now made my feelings very clear on Rita's boobs, but what about her looks some of you may ask?

While comparing Rita with Iris, I might as well let them go head to head, Alice if you are reading this, like to hear your comments too:

1. Breasts:
R - 9.5
I - 9.0

2. Body over all:
R - 8.5 Rita is more curvaceous and has a great ass
I - 8.0 apart from the big boobs, Iris is actually quite slim and petite, so it's a matter of which girl takes your fancy more.

3. Age
R - 18 plus one week
I - 19/20

4. Looks
While I'll say they are both pretty girls, beauty is really in the eyes of the beholder:

Rita - from a distance, like outside a metre or two Rita is your girl next door, youthful looking, pretty without being stunning beautiful, just a touch of makeup. But up close inside the room and when she and I locked our eyesight together , she was so beautiful! Those eyes ! Is that what GFE is all about ?

Iris - is more a cutie than a beautiful girl, and she looks more like a 16 year old if you don't look down on to her boobs. Both girls have that degree of shyness which is understandable and expected due to their young age. As I have only seen Rita once and she has maintained her looks radiated the same feel through out the hour, so I found no fault there, where with Iris I have seen her so many times and over a longer period of times so I have also seen some mood changes , sometimes when I saw her at QVB after 5pm, she was so tired, which affected the whole experiences where Rita is just so fresh and enthusiastic!

BTW, purely on looks, I think Cici at 227 and currently Linda at 227 are both more beautiful girls but both wear more make up so I may have a shock if the make ups are gone, won't be a problem with either Rita and Iris.

5. Personality

Rita while actually a couple of years younger has a slightly more matured attitude and can hold a conversation at more levels - she is a Uni student studying accounting and that probably shows.

Iris is just a more naive little girl probably didn't handle her popularity and sudden flames and fortune that well, and eventually had to stop doing Spanish - that's probably all my faults too, Damn it ! 

Ok, that's all the boring stuff out of the way. More for the amusement of myself, here are the rest of the session:

So while I was admiring Rita 's natural E Cups and from the reflections of the mirror, I just felt so lucky that I made an effort to see her today. And how can I see her more from here ??

All the usual Ahlungor breasts play was played out on Rita and she must be thinking this older guy must really like woman's breasts - only breasts like yours little sister !

As time ticks, I signal Rita to remove her last piece of garment, when the matching undies goes I can see a fully shaven pussy , I'm not usually a pussy man in a RnT environment but an 18 year old's young and bald pussy just has its attractions on man !

Turned Rita around and she has a great ass, full and meaty without being too big, so good to grab on and bouncy ! On the other hand, Iris and Linda both have small ass so they don't look as womanly as Rita !

Enough of standing and sitting at the edge of the table, I lay down and asked Rita to come to the left hand side of the table so that I can have a full view of her boobs from the big wall mirror on the right hand side. One more thing I told Rita, with her body and great breasts, I won't have the need to watch porn on the internet any more as her breasts are the best, the search is over !!

BTW, I guess many of you may have watched this Czech girl also called Rita who was very famous in massage room porns and she has this great pair of tits, younger Rita is better of course but I wonder when Alice named her Rita if there was any connections at the back of the mamasans mind ??......... haha

Now that Rita is standing next to me, her breasts are hanging down from her chest when she bend down a bit to be closer to me, what a sight! I can hold back no more, have to take them into my mouth and gave them a good old sucking up, licking the pink nipples which erected a little as well by now, I can just eat them all day, the burial of my head between them is just the way how all breasts lovers should eventually die when the time comes I'll say!!

By now I felt I need some pampering between my legs but it was still totally calm so I ask Rita to bring the oil bottle to the table , as soon as I was oiled up and she put her warm hands on me, I was instantly rock hard.

For a young ML whose only been on the job for the second day, Rita has pretty good hands, not expertly or skilfully but more passionately and sensually and I suppose when I can watch myself holding and playing and sucking on those great tits, any pair of hands touching my hard cock will be great hands !! This is what RnT is all about man !! I so wish I could post some photos of Rita's tits on my RnT thread and close up shop ! As any more future posting will be deemed indifferent IMHO!!

Have a quick peep at the wall clock and only 10 min left, so it's time for the main course, showed Rita how and where to go between my legs , it was a bit awkward for her but once she and her hanging big tits were in position , its garden of Eden, and heaven on earth for me man ! Spray more oil on little Big Ahl and bring Rita down just a touch more so that the tips of her tits were just touching me, and as I lifted up my hips a bit, my hard cock was having its first fuck on Rita's deep valley of lust and sins !! 

And I have to ask Rita not to keep her head down looking at the Spanish proceedings as if when I cum, I may hit her. Forgot to say, before Rita came to the table for Spanish I asked her to tie up her long hair so they won't get in the way.

This has to be one of my best Spanish play in my entire life, is it my best ever ? Well, I need to complete my Ahlungor Spanish trilogy before I can answer that: the Trilogy consists of three different Spanish positioning: the current one is she on top , bending down and forward and I have to hold the breasts together with my hands - my favourite position !

Second leg will be she sitting up, legs apart, my legs wide open to be placed over her thighs and we get as close as possible and when she lend forward a bit, she can hold her tits together for me to slide in, this way I don't have to hold the tits myself, I just fuck them ! But not too good for my back so it's my least favourite!

The final leg would be me on top she used her hands or lower arms to push the boobs together and I just go on top of her to fuck, this is the worst position for the girls as it will usually ended up cum on tits, cum on face and/or cum on hair !!

So back to my first leg, watching my cock head sliding in and out between Rita's full deep cleavage and then look to the right to see a totally naked beautiful 18 yr old girl's body on top of me letting me have my way for my lust and pleasure, that eventually was too much to hold back and I shoot a big sticky load inside Rita's boobs, I could have timed it so I shot exactly when I was at my upward burst where my Cock would stick out and shot my cum out far and on to my chest, but I rather cum inside her cleavage and on to her breasts walls, haha....... its just me !

I slides my cock deep and in and out a bit more until I think I had got my last drop out, full credit to Rita, she didn't back off or tried to get up as soon as I cum but she actually collapsed on top of me so those two heavenly soft/firm pillows were covering little Al as he fast losing its size !

A quick clean up and Rita asked if I like to shower first, I was buggered by then so lady first, when she was half way and I believe the hot water was ready I got up to join Rita in the shower, as there was no massage oil to clean so the oil and any bodily fluids were basically just on her breasts and my cock so a quick soap up and we were both cleaned , I didnt have any more embraced or body touching inside the shower but as we came out, it was actually quite cold so we gave each other a bit of body warmth hug before drying up and got dressed very quickly.

Rita walked me down the stairs and that must be the peak hours as MLs and punters were crossing paths in reception area on top of the back stairs.

Alice was there saying goodbye to a customer too, so she turned around and ask me how was it, I said very good, was it a C Cups or D Cups she asked ? I said, they are perfect, I'll say either E Cups or Double D and Alice just laughed ! Then I whispered to Alice's ears: I will rate her the number one tits in Sydney !

悉尼第一波！

Then I turned to give Rita a big hug and promised I will be back then hug and kissed the manasan before walking down the stairs !

A Star is Born !!!


PS. Don't expect too much on the skills side for both part I and II from young Rita people , just enjoy her youth and natural talents OK! And as always , YMMV !



Cheers


Floor: #56
Post Time: 21st July 2017, 05:32 PM
Poster ID: LUNGOR
Post Title: 
 BBW Thai girl Lucia with 40G Cups, great part 1 and Spanish, if you won't mind the plus size !
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lucia

Establishment : VITALITY CHARM MASSAGE

Date of Visit : July 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 227 Parramatta Road Broadway, Glebe 0402-680-999 https://www.massagebroadway.com/

Hours of Business : Daily 10.00am to 9.00pm

Rates : $125/60 min , gave her a $20 tip too.

Services provided: very strong legit standard Thai massage, as good as Jessie, offered to do body to body but time runs out so not tried, great Spanish and offered other positions too. 

Age : young, 21 !

Body: A typical BBW, may be a size 12/14, big, full, firm all natural 40 G Cups, big ASS too and big thighs, not for those who like them slim, but if you are a mear lover, you would have picked up the phone already, right ?

Look: girl next door look, not as pretty or glamorous as some of the other stunners from 227 but very pleasant and wholesome looking just the same. 

My experiences :


Last week when I saw Rita again at the shop, Alice took the opportunity to show me Lucia as well, she is a bigger girls and those big boobs just bursting out of her floral dress, so, for what it is worth, I think I need to check her out, especially when Rita is working this week, again !!

Got my booking early and got to the shop and have a bit of catch up chat with Alice and also saw a new girl Sherry from Taiwan, Alice said Sherry has beautiful shape 34C Cups, from what I can see, may be a B over clothes. didn't want to argue with the mamasan but I think when it comes to Cup Size, I rather believe my own eyes. No offence !

So I grabbed two towels think one for Lucia and one for me, and then she told me she just had one after the last session, so no pushing, I show on my own, I guess my $20 tip didn't work this time, but probably will ensure a Spanish finish ?

The room is very warm with the split system working, there is another wire heater next to the table, so it was very comfortable and warm in the room, I lay down and Lucia is back.

She said, I give you some massage first ? why not, I was told she can massage, that's why I am going for the 1 hour this time rather than the 30 min quickie, it's all paid by Queensland anyway..............haha - and I choose the "Hard" option of course, just want to see what level can Lucia deliver.

Lucia started by pressing down on my feet with no oil and she explains to me what she was doing along the way, her English is very good, has a bit of accent as most South East Asian girls would. With her bigger body frame, strength is definitely on her side, and she asked me a few times if I like it harder and I was like, no, that strong enough, in fact, a touch lighter will be more comfortable and she obliges.

After about 20 min of this very strong tissue massage with no oil, Lucia now gets to my neck and shoulder and a touch of oil - in fact I believe they are lotions ? was used. the way I am enjoying her massage, I could be in a number of legit massage places instead of a RnT shop, and Lucia confirms that she was properly trained in Thailand and she has also worked in a few Thai massage places before joining 227. I asked her if those other Thai shop provides any extras.

She said, some of them do and some don't. But it's up to the individual girls anyway, she has seen girls providing extra while the shop won't allow, but inside the room or behind the curtains, the girls just did it with the clients. while some shop actually allows it but the girls may choose which customers to offer.

So I said, I am very lucky today because you will look after me right ? yes of course darling ! Alice said you are a regular customer here, would you like to be my regular? Wow, this girl is very straight forward, well, I'll see. I suppose just on the massage part 1, I probably don't mind seeing Lucia regularly but 227 is not a shop I could visit on a weekly basis. Well, time will tell.

At the half hour mark, rather than getting naked and started on the part 2, Lucia keep going with the good massage and now doing my legs, again, not much TT at all, but I don't mind that as I was really enjoying her firm massage, especially now she is on my feet and giving me a genuine reflexology foot massage, I haven't had a foot massage for a very long time, and she is very good at it and the pains are so good that I was making a lot of noises.

When both feet was completed, I could see that there is only about 10 min left for my hour session, so I got up to have a drink of water while Lucia took off her dress and finally revealed her massive big tits.

OK, apart from being big and natural, they are not the best I have seen, probably outside of my top 10 anyway. but there ain't no other big big boobs right now, so I might as well make the most of them.

As time was running out, I turned down the body to body breasts slides that Lucia wanted me to try and when she oiled me up, her HJ skills are pretty good, but of course I am not after a HJ today, I got Lucia between my legs and into my favourite tits fucking positions, more oil was called for and I fucked them with everything I got. As I was getting near, Lucia asked me if I like to be on top, I know what position she was offering me, but I actually prefer where she is which I can use my hands to hold those tits together, but me on top to fuck her, yes, I like that too, may be next time, so I could tell that Lucia is some sort of Spanish girl, and she knows her best attributes and very willing to please her clients.

When her big tits completely covered me and I couldn't even get out to have a breather, I cum, I couldn't see myself shooting out as her cleavage is just too deep !!

Cleaning, she shower first then me, we hug more, I kissed her and she asked me to see her again and I say yes.

Next time, I will want to try a soft massage, and I want to fuck those tits in ALL the possible positions that I know, unless some other breasts lovers would beat me to them....................haha

Highly recommended.

Cheers


Floor: #57
Post Time: 14th August 2017, 03:48 PM
Poster ID: sugarpappy888
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Tammy

Establishment : Vitality Charm

Date of Visit : August 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.massagebroadway.com/

Hours of Business : 10 to 10

Rates : $90/30mins

Age : late 20s

Size/shape : Tanned, long hair, slim, busty

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Massage and HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Average

My experience/comments : 
Decided to venture to a new shop, as I walked by this place and heard some good reviews. Wasn't alot of options on the day I went, so just took one of the girls available. Tammy was a youngish Thai girl. Started with an above average massage. She can do a pretty good medium-to-hard massage if you asked and that was the best part of the session. I didn't mind though as I needed a good massage that day more then a release. 

A bit of teasing and on the flip she got nude, some nice C cups. Let me suck on them a bit as she started with the HJ. Her technique was ok, a bit mechanical but still good. Got to blow all over the tits though which was a bonus. An ok experience, B.


Floor: #58
Post Time: 5th September 2017, 10:26 PM
Poster ID: bsmith88888
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Selina

Establishment : Vitality Charm Massage - Broadway NSW

Date of Visit : 05/09/2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 2 Grose Street, Glebe, https://www.massagebroadway.com/

Hours of Business : 10AM - 9PM

Rates : $125 / Hour

Age : Early 20's

Size/shape : 160cm tall, Petite, Ballerina's body, A cup breast, cute face, Landing strip on pussy

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian, however looks European

Services Provided : Massage, B2B, Reverse B2B, HJ, GFE

Value for money/recommend? : Definite YES

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

Been almost almost 6 months since I last paid this place a visit, enjoying the FS parlor's as opposed to R&T. However, Selina looked amazing and wanted to see a non Asian today - also tax return came back and though I would spend on ME . Booked an early session and before I knew it was speaking to Alice and was shown Selina - wow, petite, cute smile and amazing body. Agreed to the hour and Selina leads me to the room, we have a nice chat before she leaves and I take a shower.

On return she strips to nice bra and G String, and I was instantly hard. Now the massage is nothing to write home about, she tries her best - but she is just too light to be able to put any real pressure - however I was not there for the massage. Soon she drops the bra to reveal  cute a Size A breast - perky nipples

Its been 20 minute and she goes for the hot towels, so happy that I will get 40 minutes of part B. Soon her g string is gone, and I feel so lucky to have this young petite lady pampering me. Highlights for me
- Love her body, smooth from head to toe, petite but firm, reminded me of a ballerina - if ever they were naked and inches from me 
- B2B whilst on my stomach, looking at her on my back in the mirror,
- Those nipples and pussy grinding on me
- She is happy to show off and give access to those amazing breast, pussy and ass - no insertion
- Front body slide, leading to reverse and having that pussy cm from face
- She was OK with kissing of her breast, as well as from neck to her bush - so tempted for DATY - but just out of reach and didn't want to force it
- She also kissed my neck, nipples and inner thighs 

Selina is a definitely a recommend, she is seductive/sexy, really knows how to use that body, worked out what I wanted, and amazing service


Floor: #59
Post Time: 23rd September 2017, 05:16 PM
Poster ID: Fuzzynuts
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Wenny (Wendy maybe?)

Establishment : 227 Broadway

Date of Visit : Sept 2017

Rates : I think it was $90/30 inclusive

Age : 20's

Size/shape : slim, cute, beautiful smile

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese?

Services Provided : RNT

Value for money/recommend? : Meh

My experience/comments : After changing jobs and now being located in Ultimo I'm trying out the local joints to find a regular spot. The reviews here sound ok, and Lungor's Review of Rita above sound exactly what I like.
So I head up the stairs, place has been renovated since I was last here years ago when it was a brothel, so it's clean and tidy.
Only one girl available, 'Wenny' which was fine since she was young, cute with a nice dress and great natural smile. She could've easily passed for a student from UTS up the road she had a fresh vibe about here.
Alas that was the end of the good part. You can tell in the first 30 seconds how it will play out when the massage starts out rubbish. Light feathery directionless fluff. I also reckon a girls that can't massage also can't wank a cock, and this turned out to be the case. I let her go for a while to get my money's worth but had to take over when the experience started to wane.
Overall ok as it's close, clean and she was nice looking, but you have to know how to wrangle a cock if you want to work in this game.


Floor: #60
Post Time: 27th September 2017, 07:47 AM
Poster ID: bsmith88888
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Nancy

Establishment : Vitality Charm Massage - Broadway NSW

Date of Visit : 26/09/2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 2 Grose Street, Glebe, https://www.massagebroadway.com/

Hours of Business : 10AM - 9PM

Rates : $125 / Hour

Age : Early 20's

Size/shape : 160cm tall, Curvy - not fat, B/C cup breast, cute face - Girl Next Door, Manicured pussy

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Massage, B2B, HJ, GFE

Value for money/recommend? : YES

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

Decided to pay Vitality a visit, as just wanted to relax and be pampered today, checked their web site decided on Nancy - booking made and turned up 90 minutes later. Finance settle easily as normal, and Nancy appears - picture exactly as per the web site, gorgeous young lady, in a short dress, cute face and smile, and very girl next door. We introduce ourselves and her English is very good, soon into the room for a shower as she leaves to do her thing.

On her return, we have nice chat, before starting on Part 1 - I asked for firm, and firm I got. Massage was very competent and we spend the good part of the massage chatting about food, holidays and what she does. She's been in in AU for almost 3 years, studying for bachelor degree, and planning to return home once done. Part 1 coming to an end, no real tease - outside of the feel of those amazing thighs between your ears as she massage your back 

After the hot towel clean, she strips to reveal to a firm curvy body, nice breast, a few tats and well manicured pussy. Works her way to the front of the table for a shoulder rub, as she stands with pussy right in front - yummy, and I take the opportunity to caress that amazing ass.

Time to flip over, and more mutual touches, nipple kissing, before she get on the massage table - CG position. Starts the tease with kissing around neck and years, and little bumps of the old fella on her pussy and ass - rock hard at this stage. She then gets off and starts one of the best HJ - two hands, base and head, with just enough oil, great eye contact and smiles. As she is doing this, I am playing with her nipples, pussy and ass. I can actually feel her getting wetter as I pay with her, and in the end have one finger on her ass and the other rubbing just inside her pussy lip without inserting. I think she is enjoying as she opens leg to give more access, wanted to so much to DATY, but didn't ask on first visit - LOVING IT

Couple more tug by her end and have an amazing climax, with Nancy continuing to rub, as I do the same on her with my fingers. Just wanted her to get into arms and have a nanny nap at that point - but we are already pass the hour. Shower, before a final chat - to see what dates she works - normally Fri/Sat, but filling in today. Asked when I would be back - and seriously contemplating

Definitely a recommend for me, its not FS Parlour - with BJ, etc - but these ladies really know the GFE craft and when you get the right one who get wet with your attention - major turn on, and keeps me coming back

Happy punting


Thread Title: VITALITY  CHARM  MASSAGE-  227 Parramatta Rd, Broadway - Bookings 0402-680-999 -(old numbers 02 9660 8883) mob  0402 680 999
Floor: #61
Post Time: 28th September 2017, 05:11 PM
Poster ID: LUNGOR
Post Title: 
 Met a cute Chinese girl Monica and had a good time but the next real star is Lulu and she is going away soon !!
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Monica

Establishment : VITALITY CHARM MASSAGE

Date of Visit : September 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 227 Parramatta Road Broadway, Glebe, 0402-680-999 (no private number please)

/http://www.massagebroadway.com

Hours of Business : Daily 10.00am to 9.00pm

Rates :

Massage, Body Slide & Happy Ending:
30mins-$90, 45mins-$110, 60mins-$125

Age : early 20's

Size/shape : size 8, curvy, all natural 35 C Cups, or made that a very full perky B Cupper ? girl next door look and young innocent face. Although she was far from innocent once the session has started

Nationality or Ethnicity : China

Services Provided : due to my 30 min quickie session, only got a 5/6 min firm massage for my neck and shoulder which was better than average then I was asked if I like some more massage or start the service (as in sensual services !!) was that even a question...................lol . lots of kissing with the little teasing tongue all over my back, some nicely done B2B with no oil and lots of TT in between and she was very keen to explore under the carriage !! then oily front B2b which was not as intense as Mimi but nearly matching that of my old favourite - Rebecca !! 

Two positioning of Spanish to completion - Awesome !!

Value for money/recommend? I always tip the girls here the extra $20 just to ensure that I always get me Spanish.

My experiences:


Have been trying to visit 227 again and try the 36C Sofia, but her Wednesday and Sunday just no good to me. Have an opportunity to go today so there is not a lot of choices. Alice was very keen for me to try Lulu but her 35B/C sort of placed her behind another Chinese girl Monica who was listed as curvy and natural 35 C Cups, so Monica it is and Alice also advised that Monica is very good in massage and part 2. Alice knows her girls so that's good enough for me.


Sorry, duty calls, got to go, will continue later......


Floor: #62
Post Time: 4th October 2017, 04:31 PM
Poster ID: LUNGOR
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
OK, the reason why I haven't finished this review is that I found out later from Alice that Monica was let go at the end of her shift (the same day I had my session) because there were a few complaints coming from regulars on that afternoon on bad attitudes and sub-standard service. 

Fair enough, just that for me I had a reasonably good session - may be because I tipped her more and spoke Mando ?? perfect case for YMMV !

So no point finishing the review when the girl was already gone.

Let's move on.

cheers


Floor: #63
Post Time: 8th November 2017, 07:31 AM
Poster ID: bsmith88888
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Danna

Establishment : Vitality Charm Massage - Broadway NSW

Date of Visit : 07/11/2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 2 Grose Street, Glebe, https://www.massagebroadway.com/

Hours of Business : 10AM - 9PM

Rates : $125 / Hour

Age : Early 20's

Size/shape : 150cm tall, Athletic build, A cup breast, cute face, Manicured pussy

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thailand

Services Provided : Massage, B2B, HJ, GFE

Value for money/recommend? : YES

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

I have been visiting Vitality weekly for the past month, seeing Selina whom I have reviewed and although massage is average the part 2 has been very enjoyable. However today decided to try Danna - picture on the web site looks very appealing to me - however I think it may not be her, in person look more broader. Booking very well managed as normal and on arrival Alice shows Molly for next time. Danna then comes and escorts me to the room

Danna is about 150cm tall, fit looking body through the clothes, cute face - Thai features, lovely smile and very friendly and chatty. Once in the room, I start the shower whilst she leaves the room and does her thing. She returns just as I exit the shower, and comes over to help me dry off and a little hug before starting the massage. I ask for a firm massage, and she almost brings tears to my eyes, very professional massage (she has worked in legit places before), firm as requested, and loving it. She also very easy to chat to, and we talk non stop through part 1. In addition to this, massage includes my head between her thigh as massage the back, sitting on my bottom as she massage the back towards the next - amazing feeling the cold of her legs, and the warmth of her pussy.

With Part 1 complete, the standard warm towel, baby powder and then Danna strip off, revealing a nice strong body, manicured pussy, and A cup breasts. I think she had padding on, however they are beautiful with small erect nipples to match. She starts with kissing on the back, working towards the neck, grinding nipples and pussy as she works her way up. Flip over and more of the same, little peck on the lips, bite of my nipples and body slide with her nipples and ass over cock, before ending up sitting on my stomach. Take opportunity to start playing with her nipples and she seems to enjoy her nipples being pinched.

Danna then gets off grabs the oil and starts on the HJ. What excites me with these place and why I still come back, when the FS parlour can be cheaper for a 45 minute session, is when the girls get really into the Part 2. Starting with mutual caressing, kissing of masseuse breast which they are OK with.  Hands wondering onto their inner thigh, butt crack, and if permitted rubbing her clit, etc. With Danna, she actually placed my finger on the clit and encourages rubbing, ended up with slight insertion to feel how wet she was was. As this continues, she slows down on the HJ, and I kiss her neck, few peck on lips, before she pulls back short of some French Kissing. Cheeky smile on her face, she then goes two hands on cock before I cum. Checks the clock and we are over time with shower to go - however no rush as she slowly rubs, staring into my face - wow.

We then shower separately, she help me dress - nice touch, another chat, before escorting me out - final hug and kiss on the cheek before I leave

Definitely a recommend with Danna and this place. Danna is very friendly, easy to talk, English is good, amazing massage, and sensual part 2 - which she seems to get into as well.


Floor: #64
Post Time: 22nd January 2018, 02:27 PM
Poster ID: LUNGOR
Post Title: 
 New Aussie blonde bombshell 36 E Cups (Margot Robbie+Ariana Grande lookalike and feel) Speechless !!!
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Daisy

Establishment : VITALITY CHARM MASSAGE

Date of Visit : January 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 227 Parramatta Road Broadway, Glebe, 0402-680-999 (no private number please)

/http://www.massagebroadway.com

Hours of Business : Daily 10.00am to 9.00pm

Rates :

Massage, Body Slide & Happy Ending:

30mins-$90, 45mins-$110, 60mins-$125

Age : 21

Size/shape : size 10, curvy, all natural 36 E Cups and awesome booty, one of the most stunning Aussie working ladies I have ever met. Think Margot Robbie lookalike but obviously with 36 E Cups, she is also wearing a Ariana Grande hair style (platinum blonde instead of brunette) and that girl friend feel just blow me out of the water !!

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian girl, half Aussie, half Sweden.

Services Provided : It was clearly stated in Alice's descriptions that Daisy can only provide soft massage - so if you need a firm part 1, look elsewhere, but then again, if you normally get a 5 min teasing before turn over - how about enjoying a 30 min soft teasing before turn over ??

My favourite postion of Spanish to completion - Awesome !!

Value for money/recommend? Absolutely, once inside the room, I tipped Daisy $20 and she was surprised and said, already ? I said, can you wash my back afterwards ? with pleasure !! (well, I was more concerned about having my Spanish - but tried to act like a gentleman so I mentioned about the shower rather than you know what................. will I get everything I experienced if I haven't tipped upfront, I don't know and I don't care, she is worth everything I paid and more. You really have to see her to believe, I am running out of adjectives to describe her beauty !! 

My experiences:


Saw the 227 Broadway roster showing a new Aussie girl Daisy with natural 35 D Cups and got me interested. rand up Alice and she said Daisy is so beautiful and looks like a movie star but she couldn't tell which one and said I shall meet her, what choice do I have, made the booking and with great anticipations.

Got to the shop and have my usual chit chat with Alice, Daisy is ready anyway so paid for the hour and hope for the best !!

Well, if Daisy is Not the most beautiful Caucasian girl I have ever met, I must be blind. And immediately, Margot Robbie's look came to mind but for me Daisy is so much hotter, those are big E Cups and she has this platinum blonde hair which is done up in a way look exactly like Ariana Grande - go check out my Erotic Arts thread and then meet Daisy and you will believe !!

Alice already told me Daisy can only do soft massage and that's totally fine by me, love all her touches and she is such a lovely girl, we have instant rapports and we talk and she smiles the whole time and we exchanges pleasantries and I just love every moment of my session.

Should I do a touch to touch descriptions of my session, probably no need. I have no times anyway. so, may be a quick summary:

1. Looks, go see my photos posted in the Erotic Arts/R&T Thread and see for yourself.

2. Age - 21,

3. Body: tall, curvy, all natural 36 E Cups, for truly breasts lovers sense, Daisy's boobs are not as great or firm as my other favourites such as Iris, Rita and Bonnie. She is more like my no. 1 girl Cherry and the other Hong Kong girlfriend Cici but bigger - and as a white girl, her nipples are lighter and as the Hong Kong brothers would have called - pink lins !!

4. Awesome bouncy booty !! think a black girl ass on a white girl !!

5. Girl Friend Feel with all the sensual touches and stimulation orientated from herself, she knows exactly what she is doing and doing it so passionately.

6. Personality - 10/10 !! enough said

7. She lays next to me on the right side, then the left side, put my hand on her butt, put my hand on her breasts, so very comfortable and confident with her own body and so proud of them and not afraid to let me explore.

8. The G string stays on the whole, fine by me, didn't ask she to remove, so not sure if that can come off or not, but I was actually quite aroused by the sight of the G string showing some distinct definition of her big white ass. and not stopping me from squeezing and padding at all.

9. Fully shaven ! how do I know? as the panty stay on, well, she is such a lovely girl and while we were talking about whether she is a natural blonde, I help myself and used my hand to pull out her panty to have a look at her pussy hoping to check out her hair colour downstairs and Daisy said, nothing down there, all gone, very smooth right ? then she pointed to the roots of her hairs which is a medium light blonde ?

10. Spanish, Spanish, Spanish - nothing more to say.

11. One of the better feel in terms of her after cum services, I was ready to get up and shower after she cleans me up, but Daisy offered to give me more massage on my inner thighs, head massage, facials, neck and shoulder, it was oh so very good.

12. I went to have my shower and here comes Daisy offering to wash my back, no, she didn't get naked either but stood on the edge of the shower to wash my back, would have love to have her whole body naked inside the shower with me so that I can play some more of her great perky soft tits, but with her soft warm hands washing my back with soap, I have no more to ask.

There you go,

Cheers


Floor: #65
Post Time: 30th January 2018, 05:27 PM
Poster ID: LUNGOR
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Ivy

Establishment : VITALITY CHARM MASSAGE

Date of Visit : January 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 227 Parramatta Road Broadway, Glebe, 0402-680-999 (no private number please)

/http://www.massagebroadway.com

Hours of Business : Daily 10.00am to 9.00pm

Rates :

Massage, Body Slide & Happy Ending:

30mins-$95, 45mins-$110, 60mins-$125

Age : early 20

Size/shape : size 6, curvy, all natural 34 C Cups and a very bouncy booty, for most people, I think Ivy has a perfect body, for me, of course I would love her to be a Cup or two sizes bigger, but that's just me. For all you people who have seen the SBS Chinese dating show "If you are the one", you would have seen a few girls who has a similar look and body shape as Ivy and they were usually picked as Favourite girl regularly.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : a 10 min pretty decent massage followed by my usual plays and an Italian Job (simulated ass slide sex !!)


My experiences:


No booking heading to 227 hoping to see the Aussie movie star lookalike E Cups Daisy again but no luck, not in today , Alice suggested Ivy whom I have met before in reception and know she's a hottie, so paid the $95/30 min and up the stairs with Ivy holding my hand, I couldn't help but drop my hand to her hips, those are seriously sexy hips !


So we went into room 7? this is one of the largest room with mirrors on two sides, once inside, I handed over my usual $20 tip and just said, this is for you, and you can wash my back later. Ivy laughed and said thank you then excused herself to let me have a quick shower.

I came out with a towel around my waist and Ivy asked: do you still want any massage or you want to play now, I said let's have a little massage first. Then Ivy asked again, would you like me to take my clothes off now. well, who would say no to a hot hot naked Chinese babe, but since I am having some massage, I probably won't see anything anyway. well, I could watch from the side and head mirror but try to be a gentleman and not rushing, so I said, it's up to you, I don't mind, may be after the massage. So the navy blue dress stays and Ivy started to massage me.

I started my resting my head on my arms and Ivy sort to know why, so she brought over the tissue box and placed tissues covering all the edges over the head hole. That's really nice service, so I placed my head in the middle of the hole so that Ivy can massage my neck and shoulder properly.

Is she good in part 1? I think at least a pass mark, as I am only getting a 30 min quickie, I suppose Ivy needs to manage the time and the flow of the session, so a little bit here and a little bit there and the 10 min massage part 1 just fly pass. and she even find time to go outside and get me a hot towel, again, I could just feel that she is very much service oriented.

After the hot towel, time to derobe, I already knew Ivy's vital statistics (from Alice's shop descriptions, so no surprises there), but what I really like was that Ivy's C Cups are so perfectly shaped and round and full and firm, they actually looked man made rather than natural, but when I cupped her CC's with my own hands, they are 100% natural and I could push and squeeze and play them (very gently of course) in what ever way I like - Ahlungor breasts inspections completed and certified !!

At the point, her panties actually is still on, but I guess I had interrupted her half way by pulling her towards me for the breasts inspections, so I softly asked: I wanted to see you - and pointed between her legs, without any hesitation, Ivy is fulled naked and she is fully shaven as well (with a few days growth I suppose). I turned Ivy around so that I can see her butt in all their glories, these are seriously bouncy full ASS . As you would see more Asian girls having a flatish ass then cuvry, as they all wanted to have a slim figure, well, some guys probably like them slim and flat, but not me, I love curves and I something for me to grab hold off and Ivy has plenty - and I must stress without an ounce of baby fat. that's for me, someone else may view her a size or two bigger, YMMV is all I can say.

So I played with her butt, I played with her boobs, and all in front of the big wall mirror. then I have a peek at the time, only 5 min left for my half hour, how time flys when you are having a good time. So I lay back on the table.

Now I understand why Ivy asked me if I wanted any massage, I guess most punters when taking a 30 min session probably would have gone straight into full nude and body to body - well, may be I have missed out but I quite like the more gradual easing into the part 2, may be next time when I see Ivy again, I go straight into my Italian Job too - who knows what I will be thinking and what my mood will be like. but so far so good that's for sure.

So, on this session, I actually didn't get any b2b, so can't comment if Ivy is any good, but I did enjoy having my hands all over her great body, front and back, top to bottom. Now, time for the main course, I lay back down on the table and Ivy came close to me, my cock is already rock hard from all the boobie and booty plays. Ivy oiled up her hands a little bit and started the HJ, this is good without being spectacular. plenty of balls play and she used both hands and some caressing on my inner thighs as well, so her techniques and ranges is good. Now, the big question, do I go Spanish or should I go for her butt??

Before I decided on that, Ivy lean closer to me and her right breast is right in front of my face as if she is offering to breasts feed, well, those smallish but fully erected nipple is so inviting and delicious, so I have to suck them, the right one, then the left one, then buried my head in between her two two tits. Love them !!

But I do think they may be just a touch small for an enjoyable and visually stimulating Spanish session, so I have the Italian Job in mind. I got up from the table, turned Ivy around and positioned her butt crack right in front of my cock and I gently let our body collided, it feels so damn good, the skin on her butt was cool but warmed up immediately when my hard cock full of red hot blood was in between them, more oil is needed, I literally spray quite a bit on my length and now, all is in readiness for a great cock slides on Ivy's butt, the Italian Job has begun:

I was sitting on the edge of the massage table, my hands are holding on to Ivy's meaty love handles and she was basically sitting on my cock without the penetrations. with the oil, I slided up and down her crack so smoothly and freely and it was almost like fucking her doggy style, and don't forget, this is bareback, so it actually feels better than a condom FS I guess - for me anyway, and the best part is, I can see all the action from the wall mirror, this is so visually stimulating, I was like watching myself in porns. Starring Ivy and Ah !!

I could help myself but pulling Ivy's upper body towards me so that I can kissing her neck and her cheek, Ivy by now has broken out with a bit of sweat and she smells so good, I have my hands cupping her boobs too , I am basically making love to her body - just without being inside of her. this is getting so hot and all too much, as Ivy also joining in on the action and rubbing her ass against my cock , oh mine on mine, if I am really fucking her, she will be a great fuck no doubt, but since there ain't no FS, I just have to make do with what I got and I increased my pounding - on the outside and my sensations are building up real fast and I have to slightly adjust the angle of my cock and Ivy's butt so that my final bursts are getting me the maximum pleasures and they did. I shot out a big load and landed half way up Ivy's back, I keep going for a bit longer until I have no more to shoot. Then I hold Ivy real tight towards me and told Ivy not to move as I don't want any incident if you know what I mean.

I asked Ivy to pass me the tissue box, grabbed a hand full of tissues and make sure that I got every drop of my juices above her butt crack covered and then with one simple upwards action, all collected, another wipe with more tissue, now it's safe for our bodies to separate. I told Ivy to clean up herself first before she looked after me.

Went up to get the shower, and lovely Ivy came over to wash my back, then herself, still not inside the shower together, pretty sure next time we will be.................haha

such a lovely girl, she walked me down the stairs, we kissed and farewell, couldn't see Alice around. must be busy, so I make my own way out. Totally satisfied.


Floor: #66
Post Time: 12th June 2018, 01:35 PM
Poster ID: LUNGOR
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Just in case if any brother is interested in seeing a busty blonde Aussie babe in an Asian RnT, Daisy is back !!

Thanks and/or Likes will be appreciated................haha








 Originally Posted by LUNGOR


Person's Name : Daisy

Establishment : VITALITY CHARM MASSAGE

Date of Visit : January 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 227 Parramatta Road Broadway, Glebe, 0402-680-999 (no private number please)

/http://www.massagebroadway.com

Hours of Business : Daily 10.00am to 9.00pm

Rates :

Massage, Body Slide & Happy Ending:

30mins-$90, 45mins-$110, 60mins-$125

Age : 21

Size/shape : size 10, curvy, all natural 36 E Cups and awesome booty, one of the most stunning Aussie working ladies I have ever met. Think Margot Robbie lookalike but obviously with 36 E Cups, she is also wearing a Ariana Grande hair style (platinum blonde instead of brunette) and that girl friend feel just blow me out of the water !!

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian girl, half Aussie, half Sweden.

Services Provided : It was clearly stated in Alice's descriptions that Daisy can only provide soft massage - so if you need a firm part 1, look elsewhere, but then again, if you normally get a 5 min teasing before turn over - how about enjoying a 30 min soft teasing before turn over ??

My favourite postion of Spanish to completion - Awesome !!

Value for money/recommend? Absolutely, once inside the room, I tipped Daisy $20 and she was surprised and said, already ? I said, can you wash my back afterwards ? with pleasure !! (well, I was more concerned about having my Spanish - but tried to act like a gentleman so I mentioned about the shower rather than you know what................. will I get everything I experienced if I haven't tipped upfront, I don't know and I don't care, she is worth everything I paid and more. You really have to see her to believe, I am running out of adjectives to describe her beauty !! 

My experiences:


Saw the 227 Broadway roster showing a new Aussie girl Daisy with natural 35 D Cups and got me interested. rand up Alice and she said Daisy is so beautiful and looks like a movie star but she couldn't tell which one and said I shall meet her, what choice do I have, made the booking and with great anticipations.

Got to the shop and have my usual chit chat with Alice, Daisy is ready anyway so paid for the hour and hope for the best !!

Well, if Daisy is Not the most beautiful Caucasian girl I have ever met, I must be blind. And immediately, Margot Robbie's look came to mind but for me Daisy is so much hotter, those are big E Cups and she has this platinum blonde hair which is done up in a way look exactly like Ariana Grande - go check out my Erotic Arts thread and then meet Daisy and you will believe !!

Alice already told me Daisy can only do soft massage and that's totally fine by me, love all her touches and she is such a lovely girl, we have instant rapports and we talk and she smiles the whole time and we exchanges pleasantries and I just love every moment of my session.

Should I do a touch to touch descriptions of my session, probably no need. I have no times anyway. so, may be a quick summary:

1. Looks, go see my photos posted in the Erotic Arts/R&T Thread and see for yourself.

2. Age - 21,

3. Body: tall, curvy, all natural 36 E Cups, for truly breasts lovers sense, Daisy's boobs are not as great or firm as my other favourites such as Iris, Rita and Bonnie. She is more like my no. 1 girl Cherry and the other Hong Kong girlfriend Cici but bigger - and as a white girl, her nipples are lighter and as the Hong Kong brothers would have called - pink lins !!

4. Awesome bouncy booty !! think a black girl ass on a white girl !!

5. Girl Friend Feel with all the sensual touches and stimulation orientated from herself, she knows exactly what she is doing and doing it so passionately.

6. Personality - 10/10 !! enough said

7. She lays next to me on the right side, then the left side, put my hand on her butt, put my hand on her breasts, so very comfortable and confident with her own body and so proud of them and not afraid to let me explore.

8. The G string stays on the whole, fine by me, didn't ask she to remove, so not sure if that can come off or not, but I was actually quite aroused by the sight of the G string showing some distinct definition of her big white ass. and not stopping me from squeezing and padding at all.

9. Fully shaven ! how do I know? as the panty stay on, well, she is such a lovely girl and while we were talking about whether she is a natural blonde, I help myself and used my hand to pull out her panty to have a look at her pussy hoping to check out her hair colour downstairs and Daisy said, nothing down there, all gone, very smooth right ? then she pointed to the roots of her hairs which is a medium light blonde ?

10. Spanish, Spanish, Spanish - nothing more to say.

11. One of the better feel in terms of her after cum services, I was ready to get up and shower after she cleans me up, but Daisy offered to give me more massage on my inner thighs, head massage, facials, neck and shoulder, it was oh so very good.

12. I went to have my shower and here comes Daisy offering to wash my back, no, she didn't get naked either but stood on the edge of the shower to wash my back, would have love to have her whole body naked inside the shower with me so that I can play some more of her great perky soft tits, but with her soft warm hands washing my back with soap, I have no more to ask.

There you go,

Cheers


Floor: #67
Post Time: 12th June 2018, 05:25 PM
Poster ID: LUNGOR
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Daisy

Establishment : VITALITY CHARM MASSAGE

Date of Visit : June 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 227 Parramatta Road Broadway, Glebe, 0402-680-999 (no private number please)

/http://www.massagebroadway.com

Hours of Business : Daily 10.00am to 9.00pm

Rates :

30mins-$95, 45mins-$110, 60mins-$125

Age : 21

Size/shape : was size 10, now slimmed down to a size 8, as a result, the all natural 36 E Cups have also been downsized to perhaps a 35 D's now. the booty is still awesome and overall, Daisy is probably more attractive than before with the slimmer leaner body, and is still one of the most stunning Aussie working ladies I have ever met. Think Margot Robbie lookalike but obviously with the D Cups, and that girl friend feel with more added familiarity and friendliness not only blow me out of the water, She hits me for SIX and off the Park !! BTW, no longer a platinum blonde but a more naturally looking strawberry blonde !! And fully waxed !!

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian girl, half Aussie, half Sweden.

Services Provided : No part 1, soft powdered hands Massage, caressing, teasing, Body Slides & H with Spanish finishes

My favourite postion of Spanish to completion - Awesome !!

Value for money/recommend? Absolutely, You really have to see her to believe, I am running out of adjectives to describe her beauty !!

My experiences:


So, saw Daisy's name appears on the 227 roster and at first glance didn't really paid much attention until I read down and see the Cup size and the "Margot Robbie" look alike bit. gee, that looks familiar, pretty sure I was the one who said it, so did a search and of course, found my own review on Daisy about 6 months ago, so all the great memories came back.

Thanks to Santa Ana Lane & Co in the Stradbroke, I was cashed up to see pretty much any girl in Sydney this week but the thoughts of reunited with this Aussie beauty seems to be on top of my tree, so sent Alice a message to secure a booking and here I am.

Daisy was ready when I arrived and she was wearing a pinkish bathrobe and not sure if Alice already told her that I had seen her before, but we greeted each other with massive hi, great to see you again, close bodily embraces and a few kisses. Daisy leads me around a corner road downstairs and I tipped her the usual extra $20 (not for the "Open Minded" bit but just a little gesture and encouragements). Thank you and you want to take a shower first ? just for you, thank you, I see you soon.

The room is very warm which is half the job done for me in this cold weather, and right after I come out of the hot shower and still drying myself, Daisy comes back and disrobed. She was wearing a very sexy two piece lacey lingerie inside, no bra, so her natural full tits were swinging inside. I was so tempted to strip her naked right from the start but the gentleman in me held my horse, let's see what this young lady has improved in the past 6 months.

So I lay face down on the over sized massage table and Daisy got some powder in her hands and started the part 1:

Well, may be I shouldn't call this a part 1, it's really Not a massage but some soft touching and caressing and teasing, some TT but not quite and very seductive, and along the way, we were having a really nice chat about what she had been doing in her absence. Daisy is such a sweetie, I really enjoyed having her soft hands touching me the way she was touching me and the first 10-20 min just flies !

Then Daisy climbs up to the table, still using the powder and started to work on my butt !! and a couple of minutes later, her top came off, no bra, those soft tits are there again and she used them for some breasts slides, it was nice without being earth scattering. and I must also commented on this room, apart from the usual big wall mirror at the head of the table, there is a second mirror at the corner which as I was resting on my hands, I could see the whole massage table and the two naked bodies and that's some sight !!

After the B2B Daisy asked if I like to turn over, I said I thought you would never ask ! I got up, have a drink of water and waived Daisy towards me and have a big body hug front and back and this is when I have a proper cupping of her young Aussie tits in my hands, as I said earlier, in terms of size and quality, Daisy's tits are Not as big and and firm and nicely shaped as some of my current favourites such as Bonnie and Miko at Bella's. But we are talking about a beautiful and young Aussie blonde here, which is a lot rare and hard to have especially in an Asian RnT price range, so Daisy is definitely rated very highly in my current book.

Sorry guys,

Got to go, to be completed..........................


Floor: #68
Post Time: 12th June 2018, 05:46 PM
Poster ID: Chillisause
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Nooooooo
Just like the old TV shows gets to the interesting part.
And then
To be continued


Floor: #69
Post Time: 13th June 2018, 09:43 AM
Poster ID: LUNGOR
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by Chillisause


Nooooooo
Just like the old TV shows gets to the interesting part.
And then
To be continue
"""



Sorry mate, only have so much time to write and the story was usually looooong..................lol

or would you rather have a 100 words review from me instead ??


Sometime today ok................haha

Cheers


Floor: #70
Post Time: 13th June 2018, 12:10 PM
Poster ID: LUNGOR
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Daisy Part 2 continues...............


So we stood in front of the wall mirror. After a bit of a tits play on Daisy's natural pointy soft tits, I look down and her undies is still there, so I thought to myself, it's not or never, so I look into Daisy's watery and very sensual and expressive eyes and smiled and said, I want to look at you, may I ? As I was saying, I get down on my knees and my head was like a few inches away from Daisy's sexy G string black lingerie undies, and Daisy say it in softly tone: be my guest !!

I have another squeeze of her booty butt with both hands then placed my fingers inside the elastic bit and gently lowered the panty down, it's not only fully shaven, it's so smooth it was indeed fully (could even be freshly !!) waxed !! I usually like a bit of hair in girls but Daisy's pussy just looks so pure and delicious and I couldn't help myself but planted a few light kiss on the face !! then I turned Daisy around and she bend forward a little bit to highlight the curvy arch of her tiny waist, booty ass and long legs. what a sight, I run my hand long the entire contour and admire her natural beauty, it is really some piece of art works. And again, couldn't help myself but kissed her bum a few times !!

You have an awesome bum !!

Thank you, glad you like it.

It's so nice I don't know whether I should eat them or punish them ?

Do whatever you want to them but please be gentle................haha

I ended up rubbing my rock hard cock on those meaty crack a bit, at this point, there was no oil on me yet, just some powder from the b2b, so it's not an oily rub and Daisy seems to be ok with it and she moved her ass up and down a bit to give me more teasing. Ok, I thing I need to lay down again to do her thing and my thing before any accidental and pre-matured discharge - would that be a total waste ??

So back I lay down, Daisy comes up to the table to join me on the left side, still using powder and she was rubbing her legs and body and tits all over me. and between my legs, cock and balls el la etc.

Then she comes to the right hand side and repeat the play.

Then she comes to the top of table and lean over my head to play with my nipples and chest. in this position, Daisy is basically offering her tits for me to suck, eat and play. But with so much powder on her boobs, not keen on eating any powder but I did kiss her under boobs and side boobs a bit while cupping them.

Then Daisy goes to the middle of the table, sat on my left legs and started giving me a powdered HJ. OK, enough of these powder play, lets get serious and oily.

I think we should get some oil now.

I think so too, oil will be needed now !

With oil on Daisy's hands, my hand job treatment started. It was nice without being too skillful, but with all the teasing and building up, I was very aroused and rock hand and could have cum within 1 min of Daisy's oily hands. of course not yet, so I asked for more oil and then ask Daisy to come between my legs, got her into position, and lower her tits to me, as soon as Daisy's tits touching my cock, she said, you like Spanish ?

Yes please, so Spanish is what I got, with Daisy's soft tits, I have not problem using her tits to fully engulfed Big Ah and started to pound her a bit. that feels so good and I could feel that I am cuming, so I thought I may say something to take my mind off this and tried to last longer. So I start telling Daisy that apart from her, my only other favourite Aussie massage girl was Tamara from At Michelles:

Her name was Tamara, she was an Aussie beach babe, 19 yr old, not as glamorous as you but she was really wholesome, and I used to see her every week.

You can see me every week too. I wish, but this shop is actually not very convenient to me, and have to make a lot of planning and efforts to come her, but knowing you are back so I have to come to see you again.

Well, I am so glad that you made the efforts.

With all these conversations going on, and my mind was wondering off back to Bondi Junction and all that, I am suddenly coming off from the edge and perhaps comes too far back down that I actually went soft.

Oh, ooops, sorry, I should stop talking now, let's get more oil and concentrate.....

haha, I think you should too, how about this - as Daisy applied more oil on lil ah, she also applied some oil on her tits and between her boobs, she was preparing her Spanish quarter for my pleasure !! how awesome is that !!

So Daisy put both hands on me and my balls and got me back up in no times and we quickly got back to the previous position and this time, with all my heart and mind totally focused on tits fucking, I reached my climax without shooting out anything visible as Daisy was able to keep of my cums and cock inside and covered by her deep cleavage !!

I was tired after that short and sharp sprint and really don't want to let go of my hands which were holding Daisy's D Cups on to me. after about 20 seconds and catching my breath a bit, I let her go and say thank, 

Glad you have a happy ending !

It's was a very very happy ending,

Well, I am glad that you have a very very happy ending then.

This girl is so sweet, I think she can easily steal and capture a lot of people's heart !! what is there Not to love about Daisy, if you want a genuine girl friend feels, I think you can get them in big truck load from Daisy, but then again, you got to be nice and gentle as in always, YMMV !!

So a brief cleaning up before Daisy went to the shower to have a wash - I was meant to join her in the shower, I even tipped her extra for that, but gee, I was kind of too tired to do that, prefer to rest for that extra 3 min while she showers, then she keeps the hot water running and it's my turn. it would be a great finish if I could sleep for a longer time - I guess this is where those Hong Kong style shops such as Chequers and Zanadu was so great, after your massage, you can sleep in the massage room for a reasonable amount of time. unless of course if the shop was full then they might knock on the door after 10 min. anyhow, that hot hot shower at that point was good too.

And Daisy was standing there with a dry towel for me too, that's service !

More chatting while I got dressed and Daisy was cleaning up the room, she even cleans the powder on the floor ! And looks like she is going out to see the Vivid this weekend too.

Daisy walks me out to the reception area and we kiss and say goodbye. Alice comes around to say goodbye too and asked me how was Daisy, and I said she was even better than before, still can't do much massage but her soft massage was excellent !

Walk back out to the cold with a big smile on my face.

Daisy baby, highly recommened.

Cheers


Floor: #71
Post Time: 23rd June 2018, 09:55 AM
Poster ID: bsmith88888
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Tammy

Establishment : Vitality Charm Massage - Broadway NSW

Date of Visit : 20/06/2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.massagebroadway.com/sydn...y-massage.html

Hours of Business : 10AM - 9PM

Rates : $125 / Hour

Age : Mid 20s

Size/shape : Curvy, 160 cm, Size 8, D enhanced Breast, Shaved, cute face

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Massage, HJ, Catbath

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

Was after a nice relaxing punt, after completing some work in the city - called up and made a booking for Tammy, and was at the establishment within 60 minutes. Met by mamasan, confirmed the booking, and was Tammy pops out to say hi. Very happy with the choice, was expecting someone older, as she has been there for a while - but youthful look, beautiful smile, and curvy body - short dress with breast popping out. Taken up to the room, and showered whilst Tammy went to get her things

Massage starts, and she is very competent, good English, and very easy to chat with - talking about travel, food, she's been in AU for almost 6 years - hence the good English. Massage was good, and the tackle tickling starts at the 30 minutes mark, and soon we are onto part 2. As she strip - big breast that seems to defy gravity, nice bum in G String, little bit of a tummy, but very sexy to me, next G strings comes off, and I am very hard and horny.

Body slide first, making sure she uses her breast on the back - on the flip, give me good access to her breast, which are very firm and soon sucking away. Tammy then returns the favour sucking on my nipples with a bite here and there - which I enjoy. Oils me up and her breast for spanish, and she is rubbing my penis on her nipples - looking back with a very cheeky smile on her face. I start rubbing her pussy, she said no insertion - however as the session progresses, she does get wet, and provides more access to her pussy - loves her clit rubbed

Part 2 is very good, and she really knows how to tease a cock, cum with a few minutes to spare - with her smiling and looking down as I am cumming. 

It was then a shower for both of us, chat and then back onto the streets.

Enjoyed my time with Tammy, easy to talk with, friendly, good massage, cute face and body, and HJ was nice also. Would I recommend - YES


Floor: #72
Post Time: 17th July 2018, 07:28 AM
Poster ID: bsmith88888
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Kimi

Establishment : Vitality Charm Massage - Broadway NSW

Date of Visit : 16/07/2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.massagebroadway.com/

Hours of Business : 10AM - 9PM

Rates : $125 / Hour

Age : Early 20s

Size/shape : Petite, 150 cm, Size 4, A/B Breast, Shaved, cute face

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Massage, HJ, Catbath

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

Was after a R&T and decided on Kimi after checking out a few of the rosters. Settled finances and soon Kimi arrives to take me to the girls - very petite girl, cute face, in a very short black dress - very happy with the choice. Into the room, and offered shower and water whilst Kimi goes to do her thing.

Soon Part 1 commences, and opted for a medium massage, as she was so small so wondering how she was going to manage. Her approach was to use combination of feet and hands in the massage, so wasn't too bad - and in the process dress rode up, exposing the nicest ass in a blank G string - love those mirrors. Kimi was very easy to talk to and I think we connected well talking through the entire Part 1 - student, 1 year in OZ, loves the country and culture, works at a few shops during her holidays

Part 2 commences with a nice gently tickle, before she strips off and WOW - one of the best Bod's I have seen, well proportioned, not an ounce of fat anywhere, rock hard ass, and thigh gap to a very nice shaved pussy with outline of lips - WOW. She comes onto the massage table, and commences on cat bath, neck, nipples and stomach - very nice a and wet. I take the opportunity to play with her breast, and soon have a nice suck on them. Soon Kimi reaches of the oil and commenced on a HJ - because of her small hands - my cock looks massive and her hands don't go all around - very good for the ego

I start slowly caressing her back, down to her ass, little rub of her hole there before moving to her pussy. She is happy for the external play and moves away as I try to insert. This moves to a embrace/HJ whilst lying on the bed, and soon kissing her neck as Kimi starts to get more into it. Back to the HJ, and she is getting wetter on the pussy region, and she is turned on now giving the HJ with her face no more than 10cm from my cock, two hands pumping away - though for a moment she was going to give it a lick - wishful thinking on my part. Check the clock on we are 10 minutes over, however Kimi wants to get me over the line - I take over as she start licking my nipples and neck and soon come to an amazing climax. We chat some more, as we take shower separately, before a hug good bye

Had a great time with Kimi, love her body, easy to talk to, and very GFE for me - RECOMMEND. She reminds me of Joey from Rydalmere - however little smaller, cuter and better English, R&T only though


Floor: #73
Post Time: 29th September 2018, 11:45 AM
Poster ID: pais0n
Post Title: 
 Jasmine - 227 Broadway
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jasmine

Establishment : 227 Broadway


Rates : $125 an hour

Age : 20s

Size/shape : Skinny / fit

Nationality or Ethnicity : Vietnamese

Services Provided : Massage, bodyslide, handjob

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

Has traditional vietnamese look which western brothers will love.

Part 1 - Massage was ok

Part 2 - Bodyslide was passionate, great eye contact, dirty talk - Amazing!


Floor: #74
Post Time: 17th November 2018, 11:47 AM
Poster ID: LUNGOR
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Rebecca was one of my all times favourites and very very popular at 316 Central as well as 227, but unfortunately she has retired for a couple of years.

Just got mail that She will be back working this Sunday only for one day, I can't go but in case any Rebecca fans out there is interested!!









 Originally Posted by LUNGOR


 Person's Name : Rebecca

Establishment : VITALITY  CHARM  MASSAGE

Date of Visit : 18 March 2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :  227 Parramatta Road Broadway, Glebe 02-9660-8883/http://www.massagebroadway.com

Hours of Business : Daily 10.00am to 8.30pm

Rates : 

Full Body Oil Massage :    
30mins-$40, 45mins-$60,​ 60mins-$70

Massage and Happy Ending: (clothed)
30mins-$60, 45mins-$80, 60mins-$90

Massage, Body Slide & Happy Ending:
30mins-$90, 45mins-$110, 60mins-$120

Age : 22-23

Size/shape : size 8, curvy and toned, all natural 35 D Cups - beautifully perky and pointy shaped

Nationality or Ethnicity : Northern China

Services Provided : massage, body to body, happy ending

Value for money/recommend? : One of my all time favourite massage lady !

My experiences:


Knew about this new shop is opening for a while and great to see Alice finally closed the deal and has now taken over this massive shop in Broadway which was previously a FS shop. And let me emphasis this right from the start, NO FS is on offer here, it is operating strictly as a RnT shop with Body to Body options and if you are apart FS and other extras, you should visit other FS shops.

I will repost some of the location/parking details of this shop later but firstly, this is my visit today:

There are plenty of two hours free parking inside the Broadway shopping centre and from there I can use the rear lane access, but I found a parking spot along Parramatta Road so I just walk in through the front door. Some discrete massage shop signage have been installed (similar dark green colour same as 316 Central). Walk up one set of stairs and pressed the buzzer. Door opens and Alice's familiar smiling face was there to greet me.

We haven't seen each other for months (apart from keeping contact via PMs) so lots of hugs and kisses before I also saw Rebecca emerging from the background and that busty body and that dress showing plenty of her ample cleavages. Can't wait to hug Rebecca in my arms as well.

It was early in the morning so no other customers in the shop so Alice can leisurely show me around the shop, it is very clean and well kept, very spacious, there is a reception area outside the manager's office. and towards the front of the building there are 3 separate individual waiting rooms - very good set up for the previous FS operations. and at the front room facing Broadway, there is a large general guest lounge, so when the shop is in full swing and with plenty of customers, it will not be crowded and individual privacy can be maintained. 

The shop has two stories, level 1 is the reception, office, waiting rooms, guest lounge, multiple toilets, kitchen, laundry room, ladies rest rooms, plus 3 separate massage rooms - all has ensuite shower. many of the rooms have a deep Japanese style inground/above ground bath/spa inside (no used at the moment - but there are potentials for more services ). towards the back end of the shop there is another set of stair leading down to the rear lane entry. very convenient set up indeed.

My massage room is on level 2 and as Rebecca lead me upstairs, the standard routine is that the ML will give you a bottle of chilled water (and I needed that today) and pick up a fresh towel for you - it's up to you if you wish to take a shower, and I can't see why not ?). Walking up another set of stairs with Rebecca walking in front of me, and seeing her sexy round booty swinging slightly side way in front of me is very arousing !! immediately at the left side on top of the stair is a gym area - now you don't see that in a RnT shop everyday !! and there are actually some gym equipment there like Bikes and rowing machines, well, I won't be using them but if any brother is interested...........

There are another 5 rooms on level 2 plus a few separate toilets, so the facilities in this shop is really good, it's a massive shop, can you imagine when all the rooms are used and all the facilities are utilised !! Alice can do really well in this place.

Into my room and again, it is very spacious, one single over sized massage table in the middle of the room, the room has got this art deco look with classic painting and ceiling lights and decorative fire place? This room has no wall mirror but it has a large oval shaped mirror sitting on the floor, so I placed that at the wall facing the head of the massage table, so that I can see Rebecca when she massage me, it's in a perfect position now.

The shower is on one side of the room, and opposite it there is a Japanese style, it is Not in use at the moment, but it is in build and I can see one or two spa jet inside so this could be turned into a spa room if everything works.

As I was getting undressed, I feel like I should check out the shower, and it was fantastic, good hot water temperature and water pressure, it will be great if I can get Rebecca into the shower with me but it's that time of the month today, so no such luck but she said next time !! and I shall return !!

After the shower, on the table, now, I have already seen Rebecca more than a dozen times over the past two years, so I am not going to repeat another detailed reviews, all I want to say is part 1 started on top of the towel and she is now very competent and strong and hitting all the right spots. when the towel came off, Rebecca used a little bit of oil and this part of the massage while it is still very strong and firm, it is quite smoothing and relaxing as well. Especially when Rebecca was using both hands (in fist and using palms and back of her hands) on my shoulder and neck, it was as good as any other massage masters that I have tried, this lovely young lady works very hard and is improving all the times.

As I have to go back to the office after this so I turned down the head massage, so that concluded the part 1, Rebecca went outside and got me a couple of hot towels to wipe down the oil on my back, then the dress came off and the black bra, the matching undies stays on as I already knew due to biological reasons (otherwise, Rebecca always goes full nude !). Then I have some body slide, more kissing and kissing from Rebecca on me and my body, then the teasing with her hands and body and those perky breasts.............

While Rebecca is pretty good with her hands, her breasts are the reasons I keep coming back to see her and the reunion with Cock and Breasts are completed and intensive and very slippery and then until I can no longer hold it any more !!

Rebecca gave me a quick cleaning up and asked if I wanted another shower, why not, and it really makes a lot of different in completing the session, I felt fresh and clean and very relaxing and happy. $120/for the hour, money very well spent !!

On my way other, the other two girls have arrived and Alice asked them to meet me, both young ladies, a Thai girl called Lily and a Chinese girl called Winnie, both are quite hot looking B cups body I think, so I won't be seeing any of them when Rebecca is around that's for sure, but other brothers probably prefer those slimmer bodies.

To sum up, I think if you are driving, this shop is very convenient with the free parking and not too far from the city and China Town, but for me, it will be a lot easier to just go to 316 instead as it is closer to Central station. The two shops will be sharing most of the girls at this stage, so if you guys check the roster from 316 which will be updated daily, you should be able to find the girls you like.

The big rooms, ensuite shower is a big plus, it's almost similar facilities as the Korean shops, I think it will come down to the individual ladies who can do a better job with the body to body and general services. 

All the best to Alice and her girls.

Highly recommended.


Here are a couple of location photos for people who are not familiar with the area:


Floor: #75
Post Time: 7th January 2019, 02:12 PM
Poster ID: potluck
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Molly

Establishment : 227 Broadway

Rates : $95 for half an hour

Age : early-mid 20s

Size/shape : Skinny / fit

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Massage, bodyslide, handjob, GFE

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

Headed out to the city today to see what all the fuss is about with the city shops, dropped in at 227 Broadway to spend some money to try to hold myself in mamasan Alice's good graces but I definitely don't count as a regular. She takes care of me anyway and introduces me to 3 girls, originally I was going to try this not-so-petite girl called Lucy but at the last moment Molly became available. Molly has this smoky demure oriental look that brothers will love and it won me over straight away.

She's really young, tells me she's studying at university which I believe. She's fit, toned, slightly tanned but not overly dark, even better than the 'Sydney' i had at 41 George St massage in Burwood the other day. She has these youthful B cups with small pink nipples, one of the nicest bodies I've come across in a long time, easily as hot as the mamasan at that 41 george st burwood shop.

Part 1 - Massage was half hearted but it wasn't what I came here for.

Part 2 - Bodyslide was amazing, she let me touch her all over but didn't allow deep fingering, just light pussy play. Let me suck on her nipples when I flipped and she was in cowgirl position. At the same time she'd reach down and stroke my cock. It was a real GFE, the mamasan was right. After a bit more for this she started pumping my cock faster while bouncing up and down in a pretend cowgirl motion, it was such a huge turn on I blew my load. 

She showers, I shower and the half an hour is up. I've finally had an experience at 227 that will bring me back more regularly. 

I'm amazed there hasn't been any former reviews of her on this site. As I write this I'm amazed by how competitive the punting market in sydney has become, it seems there's no shortage of young girls ready to be MLs for a bit of cash. It's 2019 and I'm paying $95 for a bodyslide with a hot young thing in a clean place with in-room showers, fresh towels and decent fitout.


Thread Title: VITALITY  CHARM  MASSAGE-  227 Parramatta Rd, Broadway - Bookings 0402-680-999 -(old numbers 02 9660 8883) mob  0402 680 999
Floor: #76
Post Time: 7th January 2019, 04:30 PM
Poster ID: massageboy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
You didn’t check carefully enough potluck. I have in fact reviewed Molly very positively in this very thread. Check late 2016. I am very sorry I haven’t been able to get back to see her but your review has reminded me I need to partake of her delightful services again.


Floor: #77
Post Time: 15th January 2019, 05:10 PM
Poster ID: LUNGOR
Post Title: 
 Oh Rebecca, a little bit more matured, a bit slimmer, still so hot, pretty and that happy sunny attitude hasn't changed at all !
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Rebecca

Establishment : VITALITY CHARM MASSAGE

Date of Visit : January 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 227 Parramatta Road Broadway, Glebe 0402-680-999
/http://www.massagebroadway.com

Hours of Business : Daily 10.00am to 8.30pm

Rates :


full body massage, body slide & happy ending:
30mins-$95, 45mins-$110, 60mins-$125

Age : 26

Size/shape : size 6, lean and toned body, all natural 34 C Cups - perky and pointy shaped

Nationality or Ethnicity : Northern China

Services Provided : just catching up and cuddling, kissing and very happy ending

Value for money/recommend? : One of my all time favourite massage lady !

My experiences:


I can't believe I started this thread way back in 2015 and the first person I reviewed was actually Rebecca - but I had known her for more than a year by that time as she was working for Alice in her previous shop at 316 Central.

And not long after that OP session, Rebecca had decided that she had enough of this line of work and left the shop, the industry and retired for good.

It was obviously a big loss for yours truly as she was my top girl and go to lady at the time. then of course, many more younger, prettier, bigger and better shaped boobs have come and gone: Iris, Rita, Linda, Kelly to name a few, but for that unique GFE, I still miss Rebecca so very much.

Then a few months back and I found out my long lost little gf is back at 227 - but only working on a Sunday !! which was a bridge too far, so I rang up Alice and ask her to talk with Rebecca to see if she could work on any weekdays ? a few weeks past and voila, a Tuesday shift. As soon as I saw that I rang and booked as there is no bloody way that I would miss catching up with Rebecca again.

So here I am, very excited and nervous as if going on for a first date, would she remember me, has she changed, of course she is a few years older now, but what is a few years to a twenty something young girl, but for this old man, even I had noticed myself that I have aged................

Have she gained any weight, I don't mind that at all, as if she did, she would have gone up a Cup size or two, Wow, wouldn't that be awesome, but chances are, she probably would have slimmed down, probably got a boyfriend in all these down time and the BF thing usually means young Chinese girl would watch their weight more carefully and do what she can to slim down. OK, as I walk up the stairs from the back door, all will be revealed soon.

Both Alice and Chris are there today, say hi and Alice gave me a big hug as we haven't seen each other for a while, Alice then told me that Rebecca is free now, so I paid the fees for 45 min, yeah, I'm usually only 30 min these days for hey, to catch up with an old friend, need more time to talk I figure.

We walk back to the open reception bar area to get a towel and there she comes, Rebecca is back !!

Of course she remembers me, true of not I would never know, if she didn't, Alice would have reminded her with my booking. we embraced, quite tightly and straight away I could feel that she has lost weight and slim down, wearing a one piece skirt with a deep V opening showing her cleavage, yeah, they are still there and impressive, but at first glance, could be a cup size smaller. This is what happens all the times when a busty girl slim down, always loss the cup size as well.

So we went into that larger room on the same level, I still remember that this was the same room when I last saw Rebecca.

OK, Of course I got her naked straight away for me to check out what I have been missing, of course I took a shower, by myself (but at the end of the session, Rebecca did shower with me together, so I got to get more soapy plays with her..............haha) and then she showers then join me on the table, we cuddled, more kissing, then lay down side by side and talk !!

yeap, just lots of talking and catching up and we laughed so much, my hands were all over her body, she was facing me sometimes and the next she and I was in that spooning position, she won't leave me alone either and of course complimented me on "you are still very hard !!"

30 min flys by and I think we better start putting some oil between my legs and just like old times, she is still so skillful, sensual slow hands and while she is a bit smaller, but totally sufficient to fully engulf lil AH and Spanished me just like old time, and old habits never die, Rebecca keep her face down to look and eventually I barely just missed her face with my first shot !!

Spanish + cum on face would have been an excellent welcum back present from Bec.

After a quick clean up Rebecca asked if I want to shower first or I need more rest and she would shower first? We should shower together I suggested !

OK ! she got her own body wash to and she offers that for me to use but it has a distinct perfume which I can't leave on my body so I just use the shop provide body wash. " you are still so careful and clever !" more compliments from my dear GF !!

After we got dressed, I tipped Rebecca another $20, she said what's that for, I said for washing my back.....................

More kissing, a big hug and off I go.

I need to find more excuses to see her again, just love that familiar and GFE.

If you guys haven't met Rebecca, she is very good all rounder and welcome to read my OP on page 1 of this thread, I'm sure she hasn't lost any of her skills, just that I wasn't there for a massage today so I didn't get any................lol

Highly recommended.

Cheers


Floor: #78
Post Time: 25th March 2019, 11:15 AM
Poster ID: HornyHoratio
Post Title: 
 Tammy
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Tammy

Establishment : Vitality Charm Massage

Date of Visit : Tue 19 March 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 227 Parramatta Road Broadway/Glebe
Sydney Broadway Erotic Massage

Hours of Business : 10am to 9pm 7 days (til 8pm Sat/Sun)

Rates : 30mins-$95 45mins-$110 60mins-$125 (longer times avail - check website)

Age : 20's

Size/shape : pretty face, size 8 lightly curvy milky smooth skin, maybe-enhanced D tits

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : full body massage, body slide & happy ending

Value for money/recommend? : Yes / Yes

My experiences:

First time at this place while on trip to Sydney so decided to try it out. Tammy and another girl were only available and picked Tammy as she was more busty,curvy as I like. Was close to Tammy finishing her shift so could only book her for 30min, damn!

Finances settled, Tammy led to room which had mirrors on two walls, Great! After a shower I laid face down and Tammy (undressed) gave me a great back and legs rub with plenty of bum and ball tickle soon into the massage. I gave her room to get her hand under my groin to stroke my cock while she rubbed my bum. She then knelt on the table next to me to rub her tits over my back and bum while her pussy was in full view in the wall mirror. 

Turnover time and she continued kneeling on the table to massage and oil up my cock. She obliged my request for a reverse bodyslide (something which she was not familiar and I had to explain the position to her). She had one leg kneeling on the table to my left and the other leg, straddling me, bent and foot on the table so I could fondle her pussy and bum, only centimetres from my face, while she massaged my cock with her tits. She allowed me a slight gentle finger penetration into her bum while she stroked my cock and I blew my load.

I then showered with Tammy who washed my back and I helped to wash herself, then was dressed and on my way. A great session and will be back for a longer session.


Floor: #79
Post Time: 28th May 2019, 04:33 PM
Poster ID: LUNGOR
Post Title: 
 19 yr old Selena, all natural 36 D Cups, genuine KGFE + Spanish in Cream + Open Minded extra !
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Selena

Establishment : VITALITY CHARM MASSAGE

Date of Visit : May 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 227 Parramatta Road Broadway, Glebe 0402-680-999

Sydney Broadway Erotic Massage 

Hours of Business : Daily 10.00am to 8.30pm

Rates :

Full body massage, body slide & happy ending:
30mins-$95, 45mins-$110, 60mins-$125

Open minded extra - $30 aka CBJ !

Age : 19 

Size/shape : size 8, 168cm, 62 Kg, fit curvy, natural 36D-25-35, milky silky skin. Pure pretty girl, long brown hair, open minded (a direct copy from the shop's descriptions and they are spot on and accurate !)

Nationality or Ethnicity : Korean

Services Provided : massage (just a tiny bit), body to body in powder - Great, Spanish in cream (read-on), Open minded extra - a la CBJ - visually spectacular - full cream Spanish completion !! plus shower before and after (alone...........lol)

Value for money/recommend? : One of my all time favourite massage lady !

My experiences:

OK, got an opportunity to go outside of my usual city circle train route so planned ahead to see if I could sample anything new and busty !!

Found Selena on the roster and made the booking.

Got there right on time and try to see Alice in her office, Alice came out to greet me, had our usual embraces and hugging in the corridor as there is already a client waiting in her office. Alice knew I don't like to run into other punter so told me Selena is ready and waiting, so we went back to the reception, I paid for the 30 min and got my towel. Selena came out and at first sight, quite a pretty young girl, Korean, big boobs with deep cleavage showing off from her black dress, she obviously knows she best attributes and not hiding them. gee, as Selena came closer, she is very cute and oh so young, I know Alice always check their passport on hiring so when she said 19, there is no risk of the girl being under age, but hey, if I met her on the street and she said she's 17 and I will believe, she is a fountain of youth that's for sure, this dirty old man shall be so bloody lucky today. and of course Alice has told Selena that I am a regular customer and a very good customer..............haha, aren't we all ?

Selena lead me to a room on the ground floor corner, I do notice one thing about this room, apart from the usual full size wall mirror, there is another standing mirror at the corner of the room with a 45 degree to the massage table, this is great as I found out later.

So I started to undress and take a quite shower, Selena tiny up the room a bit more and checking on the air con to ensure the room is warm and comfy. When I come out she was sitting at the end of the massage table looking at me with a very sweet smile, 19 yr old girl next door smiling at me, nice, as soon as she got naked it would be even nicer. but as the gentleman that I am, and being our first date, I just go with the flow and go by Selena's routine and pace. but I think I better set the scene straight, so I reached for my wallet and gave her the extra $30 - I think I better tip you now.

Selena received the money and said thank you, didn't want to have any confusion so I added: do you have condom here? yes ! great, she's on the ball.

BTW, Alice did tell me that while Selena is so young, she had worked in Korean massage shop so she has experiences, and one would expect that CBJ is part of the services in most Korean massage shop, right ?

So I lay down on my tummy and see what's next ?

Selena still fully dressed, but at this stage it didn't bother me, of course, would be nice if she is naked already, I just want to check out those tits, ok patience !!

Selena climbs up to the table and stay at the end of it and started to press down on my feet, then works up one leg, then the other leg, she didn't stay in one spot for long, which is good, as this is only a 30 min quickie, I am basically clocking in my head, I will let her massage me a bit but not more than 5 min !!

Then she walks to the top of the table and started to massage my neck and shoulder, she is actually quite good, but I'm definitely not wasting any more valuable time to experience her massage skills so I told her that's enough for massage as we only have half hour and then I try to turn over and have a drink of water, back to the table, try to lay face up but Selena indicated me to lay face down again, I guess she probably wants to give me some b2b so, OK, let's see what's next? Still fully dressed, Selena now gives me a bit of finger tips dancing on my back, my butt and some very light and gentle TT, as I twisted a bit on my ass, she stopped and FINALLY - started to undress, I raised my head a bit so that I can watch her taking her dress, bra and undies off from the wall mirror. For more experienced girls, this part usually turned into a bit of striptease dance but you can't really expect an 19 yr old young babe can deliver those sort of plays. the good thing though, it only took like 10 seconds for everything to come off, so no mucking around there, at first glance, D Cups, yeap ! natural ? should be - just on the way those boobies sitting on her chest, good looking tits - not the best looking to be extremely picky - As Iris, Rita would be better shape and Bonnie and Miko and Emma would be bigger in size, but hey, none of them are around any more, and Selena is here and now and ready to play, so let's PLAY !

I can no hold back any further I must have those tits NOW !

So I got up again, and this time wave Selena towards me, and we came together at the top of the table , we are now between the wall mirror and the table head. I rest I signal I want a bear hug, and body to body for the first time with Selena in an upright position, then I turned her around, facing the wall mirror, and now, the moment we have all been waiting for: Breasts Exams !! and Selena got 100% pass marks with flying colours, yes, they are not the E or F or G Cups that some of the bustier girls had and to be totally honest, there are better shaped D or DD Cups too, but right here, right now, Selena is the one to show me the tits and while they are in my hands, they are indeed a handfull and totally sufficient as I confirmed at the end, perfectly enough for a Spanish lesson without being overwhelming ! I was at my gentlemanly best when I was caressing Selena, she seems to be enjoying the touching and caressing and grabbing and cupping. with nice and responsive hard nipples too. I completed my routines by turning Selena around to check out how my cock would fit between her crack - nearly perfectly I'll say, but with those tits that she's got, I doubt it very much her butt will have a chance to get really oily and intimate with my cock !

OK, I think I need to let Selena continue so I lay back on the table:

No oil was applied on my back, may be she has oiled her own tits ? but just about now, I can smell the scent of baby powder, so baby powder breasts slides I'm having next. As Selena's big soft tits were pressing down gently on my back, I just feel so blessed, 19 yr old Korean girl and her D Cups tits are body sliding me, how good is that, then I look slightly toward my right and I could see the reflection on that 45 degree vertical mirror in the corner, what a view !!

I took back some of the things I said earlier about Selena's breasts, they look really really good from the mirror as she breasts slide me back and bum from above, those tits when hanging down from her chest just so perky and pointy and as she press down and breasts to skins - some soft and warm and in this cold weather, nothing feels better I'll say.

But I know full well that while this is good, there are lots of more sensual and better plays to come yet and my 30 min is running out very very fast, so we better move along and try to tick ALL the boxes. so I indicated that I want to turn over. a little bit more of the powder breasts slide on my front to follow, but while the powder slide on the back was fine, to slide the cock using the powder only was not the best, so before I know it and said anything, Selena has got some lotion or hand cream stuff on her hands and started to cream up my cock which was still in a total sleeping state.

but the sight of her big tits hanging down, cream on my cock and gently caressed by a pair of 19 yr old soft hands got me rock hard in no times.

As soon as I was up, Selena moves forward and put big AH in between her tits and my first Spanish cream with her D Cups has commenced. but she wasn't in the best position to spanish cream me so I slide down a bit, use my own hands and hold her tits together so that I could give them the first Spanish lesson from Ahlungor !! that next 30 second of titty fuck was so good I almost wanted just go all they way, but sanity came back just before I reached the point of no return. I stopped and say thank you to Selena and said that was so nice, she said, you like using the breasts, I said, yes, please, but later, can you get the condom now. Oh yes ! she nearly forgotten ?

So she got off the table, went to the side table and takes a dom out from her small bag of goodies.

Dom is on and I was soft, no problem, Selena used both hands to hold the rim of the dom down on my lil soft dick, then took me all in, haha, there was nothing of me at the time anyway. as she suck with passion and look up to smile to me as if encouraging me to response !! and did I responded quickly, I grew up almost instantly inside her mouth, she let me out, look at it and said: Hi, good morning, you have woke up !!

That was just about the cutest thing any massage girl has ever spoken to me, many have said I was big (bad liers!), so hard (true on most occasion), you are very beautiful (not sure but I'll take that), but nothing compare to a good morning greeting.............lol

Then Selena continues on the job - and she is doing a very good job with the blow job ! and I couldn't help but sit up so that I can watch my cock coming in and out of her mouth, that's a tiny mouth with good soft lips from the pretty face of a sweet sweet 19 yr old Korea cute girl - you can do the sums !

I have to say my usual lines under the circumstances: your boyfriend is a very lucky man !!

(I said this to most of the ML/WL I met for the first time, the timing would be either when I am holding the girl's big tits and admiring them, or during Spanish or in this occasion watch my cock being sucked - and I meant it in the most respectful and nicest possible way, that her boyfriend can have and enjoy what I am enjoying now all the times and get it for free - that's all !)

Selena wanted to say something but obviously can't with a mouth full, so she released me and said: what boyfriend ? I don't have a boyfriend. Really ?

yes, no boyfriend, if I have boyfriend I can't work here. 

OK, well, you will have a good boyfriend in the future and he will be a very lucky man.

Selena laughed and then said: but you are my boyfriend now ! so you are lucky man now !!

As soon as she said those words, I lean forward and kissed her on the top of her head a few times - I probably should have kissed her on her lips, but I can't - can I ?

Wow !! what a response ? how sweet is that. 

And what else can I do but responded in kind but sticking it deep into her mouth, very slow and gently of course, she gave me a few very fast pumping as if she is urging me to cum, but stopped well short of the mark, pull it out again and used her tongue a little and gave me glans a little tease, up to this point, it was just sucking in a bit, in more and all in, not much tongue action, but I guess may be all these boyfriend talks has inspired Selena ??

I also feel that her saliva are dripping down my cock on to my ass which is sitting on the table cover, I am not complaining as the saliva is acting as lube and therefore even it was only a CBJ, it was feeling great and slippery - and the best part is, not once did Selena tried to spit out or reach for the tissue paper to dry her mouth, she just continue soldier on, I am really started to like this babe !!

I know time is nearly up and I think she knows it too, but she still looks into my eyes and asked, you like some more ?

YES PLEASE !!

So more beautiful blow job I got, as I am now sitting up, I can actually lean forward and my hands reach out to play with Selena's D Cuppers, they are so firmly soft or softly firm - only young girls' tits can have these heavenly textures. I almost have the urge of keep face fucking her to completion while grabbing her tits, but at the back of my mind, I already have my cumming plans all figured out and no way I am changing my bombing run now !

So, the leading man is doing his role, leading the way, I tapped Selena so she took my cock out, I took off the condom, it was quite easy because of the cream/lotion that was applied, and since Selena was using the cream on my cock before she gave me some early spanish, I can safely assume that she would prefer to use cream instead of oil on her tits and we must look after the ladies body, so I reached out to the shelves and got the body lotion bottle with the dispensor and sprayed a generous amount on to my cock, I want to make sure that enough lube to the end and I need not get up to get more, as I was spraying myself, of course Selena knows what I am up to and what's coming next, so she helped to massage the white cream all over my cock and gave it a few jerking to keep it hard.

I almost throw the bottle back to the shelves and then pull Selena closer to me, spread my legs wide open to give more room to get closer to my cock and before the home run, I noticed that there is a charm on Selena's necklace, so I turn it to the back of her head, didn't want to soil it in case I shot out far enough - and she smiles to me again as if she knows exactly why and appreciated it.

Now, all in readiness, as there hadn't been any oil used, so my hands are not oily at all, so I can hold those D Cups very firmly and formed a long and deep and soft and warm and creamy valley of sins, I slide right in and it was just heavenly..................

Earlier on I was thinking may be Selena's D Cups were not big enough for a big Spanish finish but my worry is now proven totally unfounded, they are not only big enough, due to the firmly softness, they in fact can completely engulfed me as I slides in and out - disclaimer: I am only modestly endowed, any punter with a big gun may have a different effect !!

The feeling is so sensual and intense and while all this is going on, Selena was looking at me with a smile, that innocent look as if she doesn't know or doesn't care what my hard cock is doing to her body right now !! this really is too much for an old man to take and if we have more time, I might stop for a breather and kiss her some more, but since time is already over, I should finish it now so I pounded her with every thing I got and I tried to time my cum shot so that I would cum as my glans slide out of her tits so that my first cum shot if big enough will shot out far and landed on my own chest or beyond - and I had managed to do this a few times - it's really good fun and satisfying ! not today though, it's not Selena's fault, she couldn't have done any more, just this old man can no longer perform everytime as planned, and I ended up shooting inside her cleavage while she had got me completely covered, and when they glans do come out on the next burst, there was no more shots, just a bit of a drop I think, but the first shot inside had made enough of a mess that together with all those cream/lotion stuff, my cock was looking a bit like a white paint brush but in the shape of a fountain pen if that makes any sense.

Of course I won't let go of Selena just yet, I rubbed my fast softening cock on to her breasts a few more times before she got up, asked me to have a rest while she takes the shower first. And indeed I needed the rest.

Then my turn for the shower.

As I was getting dressed and Selena was cleaning up and re setting the room and table, I told Selena I love Korean TV, then I showed her a few of the latest shows I watched, surprise surprise they were all her favourites too and we talked some more about the Korean gossips in the entertainment industry and Selena was really into it and ended up high 5'ing me a few times, she is so genuine, and when I said she is KGFE = Korean Girl Friend Experiences, I meant everything I said. but of course YMMV as always.

In summary:

Selena is a young, beautiful, sweet, cheerful, friendly, happy and very cute girl.

She is service oriented, and I think if you respect her boundaries (which I actually hadn't reached any as I was such a gentleman), she is very willing to please.

That extra $30 for the Open Minded Extra is definitely money well spend, I enjoyed it so much.

The creamy Spanish - enough said !! if only I can perform and shoot out something bigger.

Areas to improve:

Well, this may be just for Alice if you shall read this:

1. Selena can probably get nude a bit more earlier.
2. Before she got up to shower first, may be she could just wipe me down with the tissue paper for some basic clean ? I did it myself anyway, it will just be a touch better service that's.

And Don't change anything else !

Lovely girl, highly recommended !

Cheers


Floor: #80
Post Time: 28th May 2019, 05:21 PM
Poster ID: LUNGOR
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Sorry, forgot to mention: Selena is fully shaven !! Smooth as a baby !!


Floor: #81
Post Time: 10th June 2019, 10:03 PM
Poster ID: Haz2019
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Irene

Establishment : vitality charm massage, 227 Broadway, Sydney

Date of Visit : 10/6/2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 227 Broadway, Sydney, NSW 2001

Phone : 0402 680 999

Hours of Business : 10-730pm

Rates : $160 for 75mins...all inclusive

Age : 20s

Size/shape : 8, cup A

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : NHJ inc in the price

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience:

Called and make a booking for 5pm session. 
I came a bit early and Alice the mama girls escorted me to a small waiting room which reminded me of the phone box in the 90s. The place is huge, clean and very classy. Waited for 10 mins and finally the girl is ready. I chatted with Alice when arranging the financials...she mentioned that usually she parades the girl in a pair to greet the customer. They have 6 to 7 girls everyday..I saw some of them and they are all in their 20s and I believe if they are all students. 
Finally Irene came and hold my hand leading me to the room at the end. The room is huge with a shower facility inside but no toilet...
Irene is quite tall about 165 with very firm body that you see on good looking young girl. Her skin is very smooth and she has a beautiful face with a sexy lips. We chatted a while to break the ice and I started to undress her. She has an amazing body...nothing shaggy on that body...sigh
Her tits are small with tiny nipples and she was trimmed but now I can see it started to grow again...however it's actually quite sexy. We hugged on the bed and rubbing each other body. She allowed light touches and quite friendly. Before I came, I read some reviews on this place and some agreed that the girls here are still green.
Well I had to say that they were right....Irene started kissing my nipples and rubbing my cock...after a while I noticed that it's probably the only moves she knows...
She is however very sweet and friendly and how can I be upset with that cute lil face!
Then she started to oil my cock and jerked me off. Such a nice girl and very polite...she kept asking me how I feel....well her hand was stroking my cock in a very wrong angle...it doesn't look right but I managed to smile and told her it was okay.
Then the stranger things happened I felt sensation that actually building to a precummed..you know you felt that you cummed and shouted a few but you knew there was still more to go....
After I spurted twice I told her to keep going as I know the final blow is still yet to come.
So she keeps jerking me but did not even increase the speed....I was in the moment when I am so close but yet so far...
Finally another 2 mins I finally blew all I had left....don't know how she did it but it happened!!
What a feeling that was and the cute thing totally have no ideas what she just had done to me. 
All that done and dusted in 30 mins and no more than 10 mins HJ.
I still have time to kill and we spent the rest of the time chatting and cuddling.
She is a sweet heart and trust me she will melt your heart.
She is probably the only master of cock bender skill that we don't know about..
Yes I am a happy man but if you look for a seasoned player she is probably not for you.
If you are a big gentle teddy bear and appreciate the cuteness...then she is perfect !!
-haz-


Floor: #82
Post Time: 8th August 2019, 08:48 PM
Poster ID: Haz2019
Post Title: 
 Lita, what a body!
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lita

Establishment : Vitality Charm Broadway

Date of Visit : Jul 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : massage broadway.com

Phone : 0402 680 999

Hours of Business : 10 to 8

Rates : 120 for 1hr

Age : 24

Size/shape : 8, C cup

Nationality or Ethnicity : Taiwanese

Services Provided : NHJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : 
Did a walks in and was hoping to see the lineups but only 2 girls available. 
Alice recommended Lita for me and off we go to bedroom upstairs.
Lita looks younger than the age she claimed to be...I can say maybe 21 is more fitting to her looks.
Her English is very good as she is a student here. After chitchat and washy washy....she asked me to climb on the bed while she stripped herself. Lita is revealing a good tone body and perky boobies. I just can't believe and stupidly asked her if that is real. I know those are real just rarely seen one as perky like her. 
She is very friendly and good at teasing. Once she climbed on top of me in 69 position while massaging my brother. I got freedom to explore but as usual limited to fingering..other than that everything else all yours to enjoy.
It was very enjoyable session, switched couple times to a different position like b2b, light kisses, nipple rubbing and her hand skill is not too bad as well. It was pretty standard for me but does the job...I have had worse many times. 
Her friendly attitudes helped me to finish fairly quick. Then she carefully clean me and asked me to shower.
Later she joined me in the shower and we continued talking about our daily life.
It was very subtle experience but quite memorable.
Her body is very good I'll say 9, face is above average 7-7.5 but maybe it's me being picky.
To sum up, I do recommend Lita to good bro here.
-haz-


Floor: #83
Post Time: 28th September 2019, 11:18 AM
Poster ID: personaa
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Anyone knows if Daisy (Busty Aussie girl) is still working here ? or if she has moved to another shop? Thanks


Floor: #84
Post Time: 28th September 2019, 01:50 PM
Poster ID: downthelane
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by personaa


Anyone knows if Daisy (Busty Aussie girl) is still working here ? or if she has moved to another shop? Thank
"""



I've been following the roster for a few months (they'll trial the odd Western girl) and I don't recall seeing her on it. The only Australian girl that's spent time on the roster is Jasmine who is ethnically Vietnamese.


Floor: #85
Post Time: 28th September 2019, 03:43 PM
Poster ID: personaa
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks mate, their roster (if at all could be trusted 😂&#128514 for Friday had listed down an Aussie girl as Lunna ( same spelling) with this description

Lunna, Australia, 166cm, 59kg, dress 8, fit curvy, natural 35D-24-35, milky skin, age 20

Not sure if it is the same Daisy though


Floor: #86
Post Time: 29th September 2019, 12:07 PM
Poster ID: downthelane
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
They seem to update the roster through the day so a lot of their Western girls tend to disappear off it after the afternoon update. I assume its after trial feedback from punters through the morning. I notice that, as of writing, Lunna's listed for Thursday. May be worth having a look.


Floor: #87
Post Time: 30th September 2019, 08:56 AM
Poster ID: LUNGOR
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by personaa


Thanks mate, their roster (if at all could be trusted 😂&#128514 for Friday had listed down an Aussie girl as Lunna ( same spelling) with this description

Lunna, Australia, 166cm, 59kg, dress 8, fit curvy, natural 35D-24-35, milky skin, age 20

Not sure if it is the same Daisy thoug
"""



Probably not the same Daisy, as she had some issues before and most likely not returning. And she was very popular and has lots of bookings so if she comes back she will use the same name IMHO, but thanks for picking this up, always great to see a busty Aussie girl on 227's really steve , and it's good to see that Lunna is back this week and now rostered on Thursday:


Lunna, Australia, 166cm, 59kg, dress 8, fit curvy, natural 35D-24-35, milky skin, age 20
(Sweet. GFE 9, Massage 6, English 10, Conversation 10) 
(Cute girl, blue eyes, long blonde hair, open minded) *

Ps: like the Open Minded indication = add $30 tip to get a CBJ !


Floor: #88
Post Time: 30th September 2019, 02:22 PM
Poster ID: downthelane
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Serendipity? 






 Originally Posted by 227 Broadway

Thursday:

Daisy, Australia, 169cm, 60kg, dress 8, fit curvy, natural 35D-24-35 milky silky skin, age 21
(Cheerful. GFE 9, Massage 5 soft only, English 10, Conversation 10)
(Beautiful girl, blonde girl with blue eyes, medium hair, the same Daisy of 1 yr ago)

Friday:

Lunna, Australia, 166cm, 59kg, dress 8, fit curvy, natural 35D-24-35, milky skin, age 20
(Sweet. GFE 9, Massage 6, English 10, Conversation 10)
(Cute girl, blue eyes, long blonde hair, open minded) *


Floor: #89
Post Time: 3rd October 2019, 10:18 PM
Poster ID: personaa
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
No sign of Daisy anymore, they were not sure if she would turn up or no so I think it went down


Floor: #90
Post Time: 4th October 2019, 09:13 AM
Poster ID: LUNGOR
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by personaa


No sign of Daisy  anymore, they were not sure if she would turn up or no so I think it went dow
"""



Yeap, this girl while very hot and popular, reliability is her shortfall that's why Alice wasn't keen to put her back on the roster.

Hope the other new busty Aussie chick will show up today........ haha


Thread Title: VITALITY  CHARM  MASSAGE-  227 Parramatta Rd, Broadway - Bookings 0402-680-999 -(old numbers 02 9660 8883) mob  0402 680 999
Floor: #91
Post Time: 4th October 2019, 12:30 PM
Poster ID: downthelane
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by LUNGOR


Hope the other new busty Aussie chick will show up today........ hah
"""



Nope, she didn't. 

On a side note, they give the perhaps most honest appraisal of their "Western" recruits service of any the shops I've visited to date.


Floor: #92
Post Time: 3rd November 2019, 03:11 PM
Poster ID: downthelane
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Hana

Establishment : Vitality Charm Massage

Date of Visit : October 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 227 Broadway, Glebe NSW / massagebroadway.com / WeChat ID: broadwaycity

Phone : 0402 680 999

Hours of Business : 10am to 9pm/8pm Saturday and Sunday

Rates : $95 30 mins, $110 45 mins, $125 60 mins (tip included)

Age : Mid 20s

Size/shape : C cup

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Nude massage, NHJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments :

Using the back entrance from Grose St, I'm met at the reception desk by the mamasan who takes me down the hall and asks me to wait in a tiny telephone booth sized room. A short time later she's back to take me to reception and I'm shown a brief line up - Vicky, Bella and Hana. Vicky is not available but just a teaser I guess and I'm given the Top Trump stats of Bella and Hana by the mamasan. The main one I take note of is that Bella has natural breasts and Hana fake. In the end I go with Hana for half an hour as I find her the more attractive of the two.

Hana is fit with a tanned Thai complexion and spherical fake breasts. Long, soft nipples which are a delight to chew on. Sports a landing strip downstairs. She is not much into conversation which may be a language barrier or we just didn't gel.

A towel is handed over to Hana and I follow her upstairs and along the hall to a large room at the end with an adjoining shower and a wall and standing mirror. Hana leaves me to shower and as I wash I ponder the sign that asks guests not to urinate in the shower and wonder just how many guys adhere to that instruction.

I'm towelling off as she returns and hop on to the table. I'm given the choice of soft, medium or hard and opt for soft. Hana strips out of her clothes, finds some scented talc from underneath the table and dusts my body down while I watch proceedings in the standing mirror. She then proceeds to give light, feather touch strokes along my body following her hands with her mouth close to the body with her breasts occasionally brushing my skin. Part one is one really one long transition into part two with her breasts and body coming more into play and murmured FOAM. If I'm honest, after 10 minutes or so I was getting a little bored and itching to push on and my mind started to wander.

At last I'm asked to turn over and there is light touching and teasing of my cock with her hand as well as getting danger close with her mouth. Oil is produced and a slow hand job begins. I sit up to tease those nipples with my teeth and a hand is given permission to sneak between her legs. She became moist under the pressure of my probing fingers and eventually I kneel and cum over her breasts.

Some tissues are produced to mop up and then I was back into the shower, dressed and shown back downstairs to reception. The mamasan asks after the session and then I'm off into the night.

The session maybe didn't have that GFE x-factor but nevertheless a solid, professional experience.


Floor: #93
Post Time: 19th January 2020, 10:30 AM
Poster ID: downthelane
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jasmine

Establishment : Vitality Charm Massage

Date of Visit : January 2020

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 227 Broadway, Glebe NSW / massagebroadway.com / WeChat ID: broadwaycity

Phone : 0402 680 999

Hours of Business : 10am to 9pm/8pm Saturday and Sunday

Rates : $95 30 mins, $110 45 mins, $125 60 mins (tip included)

Age : 20s

Size/shape : C cup

Nationality or Ethnicity : Vietnamese Australian

Services Provided : Clothed massage, NHJ, COB

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments :

Jasmine has proved difficult to book in the past and by necessity my hour session was arranged the day before and re-confirmed the next day.

She's a confident young lady in the room and banters easily. Of average height, dark hair with highlights and broad featured. Nicely shaped C cups with inverted nipples that she tweaks to erect.

I'm given the options of medium or hard and opt for medium with oil. She clambers on top of me and applies pressure to various points along my legs and back before retrieving the oil and giving a decent massage across my legs and back. There's liberal use of her forearms for added pressure. Throughout I admire her backside in the wall mirrors and there's plenty of chat.

Massage done she leaves to fetch a couple of hot towels which she places across my back and legs and does a good job of removing the oil and I feel refreshed.

There's a fair dusting of talc applied down my back and legs and Jasmine strips off and proceeds to slide her breasts and body along mine. If its possible for B2B to be "flirty" this is it. Nibbles of the ear. Some light kissing of the back of the neck and lying in a kind of cuddle on my back.

I'm asked to flip and she's playful with the hand job. Alternate strength in the grip. Some stop-start and a pump and twist motion. She hops up on the table and in cowgirl "accidentally" brushes my cock with her pussy before later coming to a full rest in cowgirl with her pussy lips on the shaft of my cock while my hands cup her breasts. Jasmine shifts to lie beside me and I'm granted access between her legs with my hand and we play with each other. She teases me with her head close as if to kiss. At her suggestion we change into a 69 position and she continues to jerk me off while I play with her pussy which is inches from my face.

DATY is not on offer though its dangled with the carrot that she likes to get to know the guy first.

To finish I have her lie on the table and my fingers curl into her pussy. She's wet and she jerks me off to completion across her stomach while my fingers do their thing.

We both shower and casually chat while I dress and she shows me back out.

Its hard to unwind Jasmine's personality from the service and I'll admit to being curious whether sessions develop over subsequent visits or whether I've already reached my plateau.


Floor: #94
Post Time: 23rd January 2020, 04:18 PM
Poster ID: LUNGOR
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Emma

Establishment : Vitality Charm Massage

Date of Visit : January 2020

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 227 Broadway, Glebe NSW / massagebroadway.com / WeChat ID: broadwaycity

Phone : 0402 680 999

Hours of Business : M-F 10am to 9pm/8pm Saturday and Sunday

Rates : $95 30 mins, $110 45 mins, $125 60 mins (tip included)

Age : young 20s

Size/shape : all natural 35 D Cups

Nationality or Ethnicity : Indian with dark skin

Services Provided : Clothed light massage, nude HJ, Spanish to completion, new to industry, needs a lot of training. but very keen to provide breasts slides and happy willing attitude to please won me over.

Value for money/recommend? : For me she is fine, and most tits men should be happy with her, otherwise, only if you are ok with a curvy and chubby girl

My experience/comments :

This is the shop's descriptions on Emma, which as usual is quite spot on:





			
				Emma, India, 154cm, 56kg, dress 8, curvy, natural 35C/D-25-35, light tanned skin, age 23
(Sweet. GFE 9, Massage 6, English 10, Conversation 9)
(Feminine girl, long dark hair)
			
		

I saw Emma on her first day and being her first customer.

It seems like she has been roster on again on Friday so that's a good sign, as Alice usually doesn't muck around.

Was actually looking for a firm part 1, but both of my go to MLs (Yuki and Candy) were not available, and was just flipping though the roster page and saw that 227 Broadway has a new Indian girl, natural 35 C/D was what caught my attention so I rang Alice and asked about Emma:

First day today, a little chubby, but tits looks quite big and natural, Indian girl, not much experienced, what to try ?

Yeah, sure, put me down please.

Went there, it was very busy so I was asked to wait in the large waiting room up the front and 5 min later Alice came back to take me out to Reception, I thought may be just a 30 min quickie to test the water in river curry.

A bit of a rush today I must say, didn't even get my bugging from the lady boss, quickly pay the fees and Alice handed over a fresh towel and called out Emma:

A first sight, she is a shortish girl, round and curvy, you can probably say she is chubby and it would fair. Not a glamours Bollywood looks, more like a girl next door you might see on the cricket ground when Kohli's men are in town. Quite young though and the low cut dress showing plenty of cleavage, OK, that what I am here for, if all fails, Spanish only will make the session worthwhile.

Alice directed Emma to take me to that large room on the ground floor. Once inside, Emma said please take a shower, I come back in a minute. I shower and as I was drying Emma returns, I lay on my tummy to see what's next ?

Emma still fully clothed and got some powder on her hands and started to give me some light touching on my back, I won't call this even massage, just softly running her fingers along my back, she did reach my butt and ever so slightly (too lightly really !) sliding across my butt crack, more concentration of that, go deeper or use a bit of oil instead of the powder would improve her rating. I didn't want to start telling her what as this is her first job at 227, happy just to go with her flow.

After 5 min of this nothing touching, clearly she doesn't have any set routines and there ain't much to look forward to, so I guess I need to take charge and get what I am here for.

I got up, have a drink of water and told Emma: you can take off your dress now !

She did and once the big size bra comes off, revealing her big ivory tits. they are quite big, not in the best shape which I prefer but big young natural firm tits they are. I pull Emma closer to me and gave her a big hug, the big wall mirror is just on our left, when her big tits meet mine, my un hard cock meet her tummy and my hands reach down to have a feel on her big butt, yes, of course she has a big ass. meaty, bouncy and almost like a bubble ass !

OK, she's got all the attributes that I like, now, play time !

I sat on the side of the table, let her sit on my right leg and now my hands can reach to the front and give her a ACT - aka - Ahlungor Cup Test !! ...................haha, this is new, just thought of that...............lol

Emma's tits are very firm, and perky but quite substantial, great hand feel, as only can be had on a young girl's body, regardless of her race, ethnicity and colour of her skin, good tits are good tits !! That's all that's matter for this breasts lover. Look, to be totally cruel and honest, if Emma ain't have got those big tits, she won't be worth seeing as their ain't much else she could offer.

Now I am getting hard and I start rubbing my hard on sideway on Emma's upper leg, she reaches down to grab hold of me manhood trying to jerk it, well, she ain't got much HJ skills either. and it was all dry contact up to this point (remember she was only using powder on my back ?) so I asked Emma to bring the oil bottle to the table, once some oil is applied, much better, well, with my hands so busy playing with those D Cups in every which way I want (very gently of course!), my cock just stays hard - all Emma has to do is just to hold me and I slow slide my cock in and out of her soft hand for a bit more pleasure.

Looking down and I think she wasn't full shaven, I reach down to have a brush across her landscapes and could feel that there are about a week's growth down there, it was really hard to see as the lighting in the room was low, and her skin is dark and I just can't see clearly what's down there..............lol

I asked for more oil and now I positioned Emma's big ass and her deep meaty butt crack over my cock and pull her back to sit on it !!

This feel really good, I got her to be body and skin tight to me, with that bit of oil lubing our body parts, I was about to slowly Italianing (Ass Sliding !) her - haha, another punting new word I just made up ! If Emma is a more experienced MLs (like Nicole or my Cherry) she would have started sliding her big butt up and down on my and take control and I would have to start her in like 30 seconds as that's all I could hold back, but she has no idea, but all credit to Emma, she didn't back away, just let me have my way and I was having a great time with sensual pleasures coming from sliding her ass and continue playing with her big tits. Cum on Ass perhaps ? no fxxking bloody way !! Got to Spanish this Indian young babe man !! One more point, while I was body to body with Emma, I can't help but kissed her chit and shoulder a few times and of course, her side boobs too and there wasn't any trace of those smells you may find from the Indian people. Emma later told me that she doesn't like to eat curry that's why she doesn't smell like other Indians - good to know, isn't it.

I have a quick look at the clock , 10 min to good, I think I should start preparing for the run home. Oh, didn't she tell me I was her first customer ? how about some breasts feeding ?

I let go of Emma and lay back down on the table, signal Emma to come closer, she thinks I want the HJ now so she started to give me a one hand jerk, which going no where, I pull her closer to me so that I could suck on her tits, yummy !! and I could only take about 1/3 of the breast inside my mouth, then I bury my big head between them before sucking on the other tits. More head burying as they are just so nice to play with.

Then the time has come and I ask Emma to put more oil on my cock, then ask her to come up on the table and position her body to be ready for the titty fuck.

Now, up to this point, I keep saying Emma is inexperienced and she has no idea what to do in massage and HJ, BUT when it comes to titty fuck, that's a totally different story:

As I positioned Emma between my legs and lowered her tits over my cock, I reach up and started sliding it in and out, Emma pushed my hands away and tried to hold her tits together for me using her own hands - Bingo no. 1 - Like !!

but she finds that it's hard for her to move and control, so she let go, spread her legs and slides her lower body underneath mine or moved my butt and legs to rest on her: Now she is sitting, my cock right in front of her tits and she pushes it inside her cleavage, two hands pushes her breasts together and as her big tits buried my cock inside, I went missing in action and she holds everything together before she starts moving her upper body front and back, forward upwards and downward back. She is now titty fucking me like a porn star - Bingo no. 2 - LIKE, LIKE, LIKE !!

I could have just lifted my lower body and help myself in fucking her cleavage till completion, but this is a position harder for my to control, I would cum in like 20 seconds, I do enjoy this moment and try to prolong it a bit, so, yes of course, I did fuck Emma's tits like that for about 15 seconds, and right before I reached the point of no return, I pull out her hands so that my cock is release, gee, that was close, almost cum !!

then I asked for more oil and returned Emma to my usual Spanish position so that I could hold her tits together myself and using my own hands, that's the difference, when my hands are pushing them together, I have more control on the pressure and friction which would dictate when I wish to cum ! in this position, while it is still really hard to hold back, as honestly, not very often I could see my cock sliding in and out of a pair of darker colour tits, my head was spinning with images of some very sexy big tits girls like Rosario Dawson, Serena, Naomi (both Campbell and Osaka............haha) and all those Bollywood actresses I don't even know their names, and eventually can't hold back any more, I really tried to time my cum shot as my cock came out from the cleavage so that I could have a big shot but I miss timed it this time, I shot my load while I was deep inside her valley of lust ! so no more coming out for air, I just close them together and take a few more deep burst so that my helmet is surrounded by Emma's D Cups flesh. when I finally let myself out, I could see the big mess I made there, I thank Emma and apologise for the mess, Emma smiles back and thank me back, you happy ?

I said, can't you see how happy I was ?

Yes, you cum lots, you must be very happy!

I then noticed that Emma went ahead to clean herself without any intention of cleaning me before or after, she then went into the shower, I thought this is an area she can improve, may be just some tissue cleaning on the customer and ask if he likes to shower first, but this is academic actually, I was very happy and exhausted just the same and regardless if she wipes me down, I would be tooooo tired to shower first anyway.

After Emma finished, I have to wipe myself down as millions of my babies were all over my bush. (just thought you Niko, your sexy move of trying to share my babies with me after CIM will live in my head forever..............haha)  

When I went out, I gave Alice some quick feedback and Alice is gonna decide if she will keep Emma and gives her the training to be one of the 227 Broadway girls.

Just telling it as it is, you can decide if Emma is your type. For me, she is, just the tits plays and Spanish finishes will be worth another session. That's just me,

Cheers


Floor: #95
Post Time: 30th January 2020, 10:35 AM
Poster ID: LUNGOR
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by Eclipsefun


Idk. She sounds great for spanish and bad for everything else. It sounded like you could hardly look at her apart from her breasts. I think I will stick to girls with big tits that also look good
"""



Well, well, well, what do you know !!

Great to see that young Emma has survived her second week at 227 Broadway and still on the roster ! in fact, she is on 3 days this week !

Feedbacks must be good. So either she is a very fast learner and improving a lot or Alice is training her really well.

Cheers


