Floor: #1
Post Time: 4th July 2011, 07:09 PM
Poster ID: davidsabc123
Post Title: 
 William St Massage - 2/200 William St, Darlinghurst - 0404 475 520
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : n/a

Establishment : some massage plase just befor the coke signe 
Chines massage

Date of Visit : 1/6/2011

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : N/a

Hours of Business :  N/a

Rates : It was $1 per minute

Age : About 23 to 33

Size/shape : Slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chines

Services Provided : Massage



Value for money/recommend? : Yes with potential

My experience/comments : well I was leaving for the day and my car was parked just out side the place I went to have a look at the price board when this chines lady said yo like massage? Well just automatically I said ok
I thought let's just see being this close to the x went in a  room she aske how long I said 30 min she said put clothes in basket ok 
As she was giving me a massage some bloke came in went in the next too
 I could here he 20 min a little bit of whispering and within 5 min he was out of there 
So I thought maybe this could tern out ok 
So I waited to the end the massage was greate at the end she said ok finish and I was still on my stomach so I said can I get a bit more and I pointed to by bits she says ten more minutes I said ok she started massaging aging a couple of mins in to I pulled the towel down and pointed to my bits and nothing so I aske lifting the towel give this a massage she said next time and I tried a couple more time and see continued to say next time you come back 
So unless the other girl does the specials I'm not sure 
So I will find out tomorrow I will go back and let you all know what next time means?
Unless someone has been and could shed some light on the Issue


Floor: #2
Post Time: 4th July 2011, 07:48 PM
Poster ID: BadAussieBoy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks for the review davidsabc123.

If you do get a chance to go back tomorrow would you be able to get a business card and post the address, phone number & opening hours?

I'm am confident all your fellow Sydney punters would appreciate it (myself included)!! 

Thanks,

BAB


Floor: #3
Post Time: 11th July 2011, 02:20 PM
Poster ID: tactile121
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Willliam Street Massage
 2, 200 William St Darlinghurst NSW 2010                                                                                     ph 0404475520                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  This is the shop.  I have been there a couple of times and had a good massage.  I would be surprised if any extras were on offer here.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 1st September 2011, 06:27 PM
Poster ID: Niphon
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Mid thirties Chinese Not sure but only works Friday

Establishment : William St Massage

Date of Visit : Fri 26 Aug

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : William st near Avis

Hours of Business :  

Rates : $51 an hour

Age : mid 30's

Size/shape : Nice body

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Only massage

Value for money/recommend? : Yes for massage

My experience/comments : My mate who is a regular, recommended this place. He has a real massage but always felt the girls were willing to do more. So I ventured down last Friday to see for myself as I was horny!!! I think there are 3 girls and each of the massage tables are only seperated by flimsy curtains. My lady did a very good neck, lower back and leg massage and them I truned over and she did everything except the crown jewels. Got pretty close but as it was late Fri afternoon and they were very busy, maybe I need to pick a quieter time to go. My mate told me to ask for Lin but she wasn't on so maybe next time. However they do do outcalls like hotels and apartments by appointment so I might try that next time.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 2nd March 2012, 09:30 AM
Poster ID: BlueBalls
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lin

Establishment : 200 William St Massage

Date of Visit : end of Feb 2012

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 200 William st near Avis

Hours of Business : 10 until ?

Rates : $51 an hour + $20

Age : mid 30's

Size/shape : Nice body

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Massage + HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes for massage

It took a second visit, but did prove there are extras here. Very good, hard, massage. She knows what she is doing. $51 for a one hour proper massage is good value IMHO. Extras (HJ) were negotiated for $20. Good action. She is friendly. No gear off her though and this is unlikely given the lack of privacy. Room is only a massage bed in a curtained area - and very tight space. Not the place for a chat unless you want to whisper to someone in the next cubicle. Obviously no shower etc.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 16th June 2013, 01:20 AM
Poster ID: Hugh Jorgan
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Lin has opened her own shop called Green Massage (not connected to others of same name) at 77-83 william st.  Well worth checking out.   She is 30 btw.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 19th June 2013, 06:06 AM
Poster ID: avaya2010
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I always thought this place was actually called "Williams Treat Massage" which I thought was quite funny. Maybe not so funny if there are no extra 'treats' to be had. Anyway, I have had a really good (pure) massage here in the past so can highly recommend it if you're interested in only a massage.


Floor: #8
Post Time: 20th July 2013, 03:26 PM
Poster ID: LUNGOR
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I have been to this place just once, it's totally legit, massage skills were adequate but without the HE, I wasn't very happy in the end, although the massage was quite relaxing. 

I was served by a MILF, she was OK from memory and I will probably pay another $20 just to get a HJ release, which is really a must these days after a massage session. And there are so many hot MLs around and all are sure thing, so why take any risk and not be satisfied. the shop also one guy working as well, there is no way he will be touching me............lol

Cheers


