Thread Title: 180 Peel Street, North Melbourne
Floor: #1
Post Time: 22nd September 2015, 04:55 PM
Poster ID: poundedhat
Post Title: 
 180 Peel Street, North Melbourne
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lilly
Establishment: 180 Peel Street, North Melbourne
Date of Visit: September 2015
Contact Details/Address/Weblink:Through Nana on WeChat
Hours of Business: 10:00am to 8:00pm
Rates:$50.00 for the ½ hour $70.00 for the hour
Age: Late 20's
Size/shape: Nice body, not fat, not thin, probably B chest
Nationality or Ethnicity: Chinese – she said from Hong Kong, but knew nothing about HK. She has great English ability
Services Provided: Very good Massage –extras okay but expensive, 

Value for money/recommend? : Made an appointment through WeChat, arrived expecting to meet with Nana who also works at 232 Springvale Road Springvale. Instead Lilly meets me at the door, takes my money leads me upstairs and say undress, as we use oil you can take your underpants off!!!.
Lilly is wearing a tight T shirt and skirt, but the nickers were cotton-tails I would guess, they were not at all flattering. She has a pleasing body for an Asian with curves in all the right places.
I undress and hop on the table, a few minutes later in comes Lilly, covers my back with a towel and starts quite vigorous massage. Once the initial massage in completed she uncovers my back and half my bum, applies the oil and commences a good deep tissue massage, while she is doing this I run my hands up and down her legs and bum, at the same time trying to look for the front stalls, but she pushes herself hard against the massage table so there was no access.
The back finished she moves down the table and uncovers a leg and commences to massage the leg and lower bum, but there was no accidental touches. This is repeated for the other side. Again the massage on the legs was good. You can tell she has had some training as she is working out muscle knots throughout the massage.
On the flip she does the chest and legs, covering the appropriate areas, nearing the end I ask if there are extras, to which she says what do you want?, I say HJ and she says $70, eventually settling on $50.00 expensive I know, but I needed the release. There was no touching through the HJ as she positioned herself on the table between my legs. It was an excellent HJ, slow and easy, with lots of touching in all the right places.
Once finished am offered a shower which is the best way to get rid of cheap oil.
WIR: The massage yes. The HJ was expensive and good, would I go back to see Lilly, probably not…!


