Thread Title: 248 Queen street Massage
Floor: #1
Post Time: 30th January 2019, 10:57 PM
Poster ID: Goboy
Post Title: 
 248 Queen street Massage
				
Post Content: 
This is a new shop near the corner of Lonsdale in Queen street.Melbourne

it advertises open till 12 am so on the face of it looks good. I like late openners.
It is however very exposed to traffic with  a huge "MASSAGE" sign on the  front and more lights than Luna Park

i called in about 10 pm last week on a hot night. I was met by a late forties lady in skimpy cotton dress , sorry to say not attractive .; she said no one else on so I left.

I thought I would give it one more go tonight (30 jan) I arrived at 10 pm .In the foyer sat a middle aged woman and a young 20s man both lolling about disinterested The woman came over"want massage ?" 

I recognised her immediately as Lily from 4th floor  410 Lonsdale street  Orchid Massage and from Prahran in High st or Commercial rd) both now closed 

My past experiences with her in Lonsdale street and the girls there were no,no,and more no.

She appears to be a tranie She previously had poor shaped very man hairy legs.
She did not give a stuff about customers in my opinion then and I expect it hasn't changed now

I asked her who was available she said "just me other girls busy" 
I could see in the hallway the doors to the massage rooms open so I am not sure of that .

I declined and she said come back in the morning " 4 young  girls on" hmmm maybe I recall the girls of 410 Lonsdale were all difficult 

There is no way I would go here except with young enthusiastic staff

Goboy


Floor: #2
Post Time: 3rd February 2019, 03:16 PM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Shop opens at 10am and at 10.45 was not open this morning. Another real professional mob


Floor: #3
Post Time: 13th June 2019, 12:25 AM
Poster ID: bob2mason
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Dee

Establishment : Silk Massage

Date of Visit : 12 June 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 248 Queen St, Melbourne

Phone :

Hours of Business : 10:00 to 24:00

Rates : $50 for 30 mins

Age : Late 40s maybe 50s

Size/shape : 8

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Massage, tug offered but I didn't bother

Value for money/recommend? : Maybe

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

First time to try this place so went in late.

Went into the front room stripped & laid on the table for a while.

In walks the ML, quiet old and not great looking.

Just went for the oily massage.

Extras were on offer hj, but wasn't excited about the old bird.

There was a shower in the room so maybe there;s more on offer.

Note on the wall referenced Lavender so obviously their all linked up.

Handy for open late but don't think I'll bother again


