Thread Title: 284 Park Street, South Melbourne, 0447 577 286
Floor: #1
Post Time: 18th November 2017, 06:29 PM
Poster ID: Gravy
Post Title: 
 284 Park Street, South Melbourne, 0447 577 286
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Alisha

Establishment : No name yet, brand new sister shop to Bayside.

Date of Visit : 18 November 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0447577286, 284 Park Street

Hours of Business : 10am - 10.30pm, later if you are in there

Rates : $80/hour, $80 extras, may charge $100 for new customer

Age : Mid 40

Size/shape : Size 10, natural B cups, red hair 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie / croatian

Services Provided : Lomi Lomi, Nude HJ, body slides

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : 
I have seen Alisha a few times at Bayside a year or so ago, where she sometimes goes by Miranda.  She works sometimes then has long breaks.  Today I noticed the sudden influx of ads for the new shop on Backpage and called to see if she was working there.  Jackpot, I secured a booking.  She didn't recognize me at first, until she heard my voice. It turns out she has worse eyesight than I do. She is pretty busy setting things up and tried to talk me down to half an hour, I said I would come back another time, so she gave me the hour I wanted.  A bit of talk to catch up and reacquaint and then some of her fantastic lomi lomi.  She is okay with being touched during this, not too intimate though.  Flip at 30 minutes, she drops all her clothes without discussion, and then some body slides.  She puts a lot of effort and energy into it.  Again, touching is allowed but I have nicknamed her the artful dodger, she will change things up before allowing any contact with the date or FIP. A bit of an interruption to get some more music on so we can make a bit of noise without being overheard.  She puts on a good show with riding my leg and gets me over the line with COB.  Heaps of oil, so the cleanup takes a while.  I suggested to her that the new shop could do with a shower and explained that those of us with partners can't go home covered in oil slick, she likes the idea, so here is hoping.

I've mostly seen $100 as the rate for nude extras at the other shops, so it will be the same here if the staff switch in between.  I offered her $80 afterwards and she was happy with that.

On the way out I bumped into Bianca, who looks pretty good, nice fake C boobs, south american accent. I may try her another time.

The shop used to be a tattoo parlor.  They have done it up and painted it, still ongoing, but it looks clean, the rooms are enclosed with locks on the doors.  Quite a few punters coming in and calls as well, so they are already busy.


