Thread Title: 421 Church St, Richmond - 0413 832 363
Floor: #1
Post Time: 17th June 2011, 02:31 AM
Poster ID: kazuya
Post Title: 
 421 Church St, Richmond - 0413 832 363
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Joe/ Joanna 

    Establishment: 421 ?, Church st, Corner of Swan st and Church st. 
    Date of Visit: 03/06/11

    Contact Details/Address/Weblink: NA

    Hours of Business: NA

    Rates: 50 $ half hr + extra  $ 30

    Age: 25

    Size/shape: bit over weight

    Nationality or Ethnicity: PRC

    Services Provided: avg massage + worst HJ

    Value for money/recommend?: Nope


My experience/comments:
 So I am looking for really good massage, just massage and somehow on my  way I passed this place. Looks pretty OK, walked in asked for massage. $ 50 for half and hour. Anyways, went into freezing cold room, after 5 min a girl walked back in started giving me very very ordinary massage. All the time she was staring at clock. I asked to flip over. For that she cover me with towel. Anyways starts massaging my chest and than leg area. Shouldn't have but I asked for HJ. She said she would ask someone else and leaves the room. Another girl walked in, bit older and her face was absolutely terrified for reason. She said its OK if i wanted HJ, because lot of customer want that and they would not return if its not on the menu. Then she asked for extra $30. Very very oily and the worst HJ I have ever got. Because half and hour already finished according to her (I saw the clock and 5 min still to go), and she rushed it and she was stroking me so hard, she started hurting my balls. After that gain bit rushed but bit softer this time. No touching allowed. I came she threw some tissues on my and left without cleaning up. I had to clean myself up. 
Now I have realized about 80% of places in my experience provide at least HJ. 2 out of 8 times I have had good experience. And from now on no more giving R & T places a go, but would rather go to proper establishment. Went to the Duchess in Abbotsford / Richmond sometime ago and $ 80 for half and hour massage + HJ, was worth only for massage itself. She gave me such a good massage. i can't be convinced that I am paying $ 80 to this AMP giving me HJ, which is so not worth. 
But if you still want thrill of R & T around CBD  Tiffany, M & J, and other places are way better deal. AVOID this place.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 12th April 2012, 11:17 PM
Poster ID: exuca1987
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Andrea

Establishment : Lin's Massage, 421 Church St, cnr Swan St and Church St, Richmond

Date of Visit : 12 Apr 2012

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0413 832 363, pure thai massage | Massages | Gumtree Australia Yarra Area - Richmond

Hours of Business : Unsure

Rates : $70 1-hr, $50 45 min

Age : mid 30's

Size/shape : 10-12

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Very sensual massage

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : I've been waiting to get to this place after checking their ad in gumtree. There are so many good MP's now advertising in gumtree it is worth the search. Anyhow made an appointment with Jenny, the receptionist, who, I think, also provides massages. Turned up for my appointment and was shown to small partition (not a room) with a massage table. Took all my gear off and waited patiently. I knew I was early so I just relaxed. Then a quiet knock and Andrea came in. Nice Thai girl, not young but full of energy and enthusiasm. I'm more for attitude than looks and Andrea had the right attitude from start. Usual question, how do you like your massage? Do your best I reply, firm and hard but not too much  She started the traditional Thai massage from the legs with the towel on and pressure points from the legs to the back. After 10min she said, it is time for the oil and she smiled. She took the towel away and began one of the most enjoyable full one oil massage I have ever had. She spent more than 30 min working on my legs, tights, butts and even the balls got a decent massage. I was in heaven. We had a nice conversation with some giggles. I practiced my few thai words and it was all fun. Time for the turnover and she worked on my head and upper body. Then the legs and more teasing of the package. She then left for the hot towels and on return she gave me a thorough clean to wipe off the oil. No tug this time and I didn't push it or ask. But I am 100% sure the second visit will be very, very good. I was very pleased with the massage and the welcoming attitude.
WIR? Oh yeah! Can't wait for the next time!


Floor: #3
Post Time: 21st July 2013, 11:07 PM
Poster ID: petejeau
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Coco

Establishment : 421 Church

Date of Visit : 21 July

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : as above & 0426 887 309. Also advertised in locanto

Hours of Business : this girl finished at 8 but not sure about shop

Rates : $50/30 $65/45 $80/60

Age : early - mid  20's

Size/shape : about size 8 great body c-cup enhanced but perfect

Nationality or Ethnicity : Korean

Services Provided : topless hj, spanish, bit of dfk & cot

Value for money/recommend? : purely based on services probably not but for me a super punt and highly recommend

My experience/comments : ok so arrived at 7pm after booking Coco for 45 min. Mamasan was about late 30's very nice and would have been happy with her haha. Anyways she showed me into this small room but clean and tidy. Thin walls thou just behind reception. In Coco 5 min later very tidy  she asked if i been there b4 and of course i say yes then ask how hard a massage i like. The massage was actually very good. Really beneficial but somehow sensual at the same time. No funny business yet though. Then all of a sudden she asked if i want special massage. $50 for clothed hj or $70 for topless hj. Yes i know on first thought horribly expensive. I said how about bottom off too but definitely no there, she said maybe next time. I ended up getting topless hj for $60.....now for the good part.....she starts the tackle tickle and gentle massage around that area aling with a descent boob massage (although she still had her bra on at this time) then the flip, takes her bra off to the best tits u would ever c- c-cup now she gives me a great tit massage on the front including fantastic spanish. At one point some dfk but wouldnt let me near her ass for too long. Anyway this continued along with a great hj at the same time. Very sensual not rushed at all. Then she tells me to sit up and further spanish. This time pulled her tights down and had held of her great arse the whole time. Then eventually cot!!!! Nice touch at end was hot towels. So i guess value is in the eye of the beholder. No she wasnt completely nude but did i care? Not one bit. Would i go back? Absolutely!!!!


Floor: #4
Post Time: 25th November 2015, 10:37 PM
Poster ID: casual_guy_03
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Just been here and will write a review soon.. For some reason I can't get the template to work on my phone


Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk


Floor: #5
Post Time: 30th November 2015, 11:23 PM
Poster ID: casual_guy_03
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Elisha

Establishment : 421 Church st. Richmond

Date of Visit : 25th November

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0411 848 222

Hours of Business : 10-10

Rates : $40 30 mins..  plus extras ($30 HJ or $50 for handling her - not sure if she got her gear off)

Age : 30

Size/shape : small nice body

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : 

Value for money/recommend? : yes

My experience/comments : After several bevvys at a pub in richmond I found myself looking on Locanto for a massage shop. Enter 421 Church st. It was about 9.30 and they said they'd stay open for me so I trotted on up there.

I was met at the door by the lovely Elisha who took me and and showed me to a room. I stripped off and she walked in as i was standing there with nothing on. I couldn't see any tissues so wasn't sure how my luck would go. Anyway I hopped on the table and she asked if I wanted soft medium or hard. I said soft as I needed to relax. 

She proceeded to give me a good massage - not the best but she was chatty and telling me she worked at another sister shop but I didn't catch the name. She also offered to give me her number (which I forgot to ask) so I could find out where she was working. her english was excellent to.

After about 20 mins of massage she started to tease the sack for a bit then finally asked me to flip. she asked if I wanted an extra massage which i said yes. She said $50 with touching and I countered $30, to which she agreed but no touching. I am sure I could have asked for naked $50 too.

Her shaft rubbing was excellent. not rushed and she seemed to enjoy getting me off. Nice lots of lube too. Before to long i was shooting my load everywhere so she cleaned me up and offered the shower. 

I was pretty happy with this find and I'd be eager to try Elisha again.. I don't know of she offers more but only one way to find out!


Floor: #6
Post Time: 27th December 2015, 09:11 PM
Poster ID: tiny tito
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Eva

Establishment : cherry  blossom 

Date of Visit : 27-12-15

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 421 Church st. Richmond


Hours of Business : 10.00 on

Rates : 40.00 1/2hr

Age : late 20's

Size/shape : slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Turkey 

Services Provided : Massage r/t 

Value for money/recommend? : bit over the top

My experience/comments : called by here to day after lunch in Richmond and met by Eva at the desk .
said she was the only 1 available if she would be ok was easy on the eye so away we went to the room strip off and Eva is back and starts with a relaxing massage 
50.00 tug  70.00 topless  100.00 nude by this time jnr is doing all thinking so its 100.00 which i said was a bit dear but her come back was she is good touching is ok and puss got very damp quick so she is back at the top of the table with tits in my mouth for a bit then back onto the hand job and a bit more pussy play slow and un rushed handy . warm towel wipe down / clean up and she tells me we still have 5min left if i want more massage so you get your full time .....was 40.00 1/2 hr  + 100.00 xtra  i know it was dear but came out of my xmas bone-as 
was ok but i wont be back at the prices for the extras  Eva works Tue Wed Sat Sun at this shop 
happy punting
TT


Floor: #7
Post Time: 19th April 2017, 09:06 AM
Poster ID: casual_guy_03
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Went here last night and it's changed owners and is now a legit Thai massage.. best steer clear of here if you want a R'n'T. But the massage was good


Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk


