Thread Title: 505 Little Collins St, Melbourne - No Contact Number Provided
Floor: #1
Post Time: 20th July 2012, 10:12 PM
Poster ID: mrkamasutra
Post Title: 
 505 Little Collins St, Melbourne - No Contact Number Provided
				
Post Content: 
Service Provider's Name: 505 Little Collins 
Session Month: June
Session Year: 2012
Type of Service: R'n'T Massage
Advertised Hourly Rate (Pick closest): $200
Location where session took place: Victoria
Session Day: Weekday
Session Time: Daytime
Estimated Age: 21 - 25
Estimated Ethnic Group: Asian Origin
Nationality (Leave blank if Australian): China
Knowledge of English: Poor
Hair Colour: Black
Hair Length: Medium
Eyes Colour: Brown
Skin Colour: Pale
Height: Average - Around 165 cm / 5'5"
Body Shape: Curvy
Estimated Body Size: 10 to 12
Estimated Breast Size: C to D (Medium to Big)
Enhanced breasts?: No
Pubic Hair: Somewhat Grown
Kissing Available: No
Blowjob: Yes, BBBJ and CIM (Cum In Mouth)
DATY / Oral On Her: Unsure
Overall Looks: Easy on the eye
Overall Personality: Cheeky
Overall Performance: Pretty good

So having found a bit of spare time, I enquired if my favourite (and rather expensive) girl was working there.  Alas, it was her day off.  On offer was a early 20's Chinese girl by the name of Jessica.  We negotiated a BJ upfront and I immediately undressed her to see a marvbellous set of boobs.  I complemented them and she said "I know they are good."

This girl appealled to my senses immediately.  A lil bit of nuzzling was allowed before I was able to get her on trhe massage table and rub her on the helm of her honey pot.  My fingers were not allowed to explore the honey pot in greater detail.  Very soon, she 'arrived' and told me what a naughty boy I was for making her do so as now she would be very tired.

I loved the way her young body convulsed during her session.  It was now her turn to pleasure me which she did surprisingly well for her age.  Slow long and soft suction technique... where does the younger generations learn the tricks so quickly.
Very soon, I left a taste of me inside her which she spat out and gave me a cheeky slap.

Jessica's looks can be describes as average but her personality is quite pleasing.  NOthing more on offer here though.  I feel I have reached my limits with her in my first visit.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 13th November 2012, 02:09 PM
Poster ID: mrkamasutra
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Service Provider's Name: Ruby 
Session Month: October 
Session Year: 2012 
Type of Service: R'n'T Massage 
Advertised Hourly Rate (Pick closest): $150 
Location where session took place: Victoria 
Session Day: Weekday 
Session Time: Daytime 
Estimated Age: 21 - 25 
Estimated Ethnic Group: Asian Origin 
Nationality (Leave blank if Australian): China 
Knowledge of English: Good 
Hair Colour: Dark 
Hair Length: Medium 
Eyes Colour: Brown 
Skin Colour: Pale 
Height: Short - Under 160 cm / 5'3" 
Body Shape: Curvy 
Estimated Body Size: 8 to 10 
Estimated Breast Size: DD and above (Extra Large) 
Enhanced breasts?: No 
Pubic Hair: Neatly Trimmed 
Any Tattoos?: None 
Any Piercings?: None 
Full Sex Available: Yes 
Kind of Experience: Clinical Experience 
Kissing Available: No 
Blowjob: Yes, CBJ (Covered Blowjob) 
DATY / Oral On Her: No 
Greek or Anal Sex Available: No 
Handjob Available: Yes 
Extras Charged: Yes 
Doubles and Group Sex: No 
Overall Looks: Attractive 
Overall Personality: Bossy 
Overall Performance: It was okay 

Mamasan messaged me about a new artist in town and someone I could come and check out.  I did go and saw this short girl in a dressing gown... I mean under 5 feet. She looked ok so I thought I might as well TOFTT.
Booked in a full service session and was Ruby disrobed to show a very impressive set of jugs. As I wondered in amazement, she affirmed that they were E cups and quite perfect in nipple Color and size as well.
Boob lovers would go crazy with this one.
Ruby is a hygiene freak with strict instructions to not salivate anywhere and everything is covered.  As ruby goes down to business, she shows good skill in the CBJ.
I have noticed that the younger PRC are becoming quite good at giving oral... Need to research this trend.
Then she lubes up and gets on top and rides me for a bit followed by doggie and then good old missionary. Once the deed is done, she did say that she came twice and didn't wanna cum anymore as she would get tired.  So in short a young one who does CBJ, impressive tits and has a bit of pussy control.

She can come across a bit cold as she is in this for the money and I did feel he gfe lacking in this.  But tits r amazing and worth checking out.
Paid an extra $50 for the deluxe service


Floor: #3
Post Time: 19th November 2012, 04:26 AM
Poster ID: Womagz78
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Yawns.... Can't believe I read it bit DD or E you contradict you're own writing in the space of a few lines.............


Floor: #4
Post Time: 19th November 2012, 09:28 AM
Poster ID: Chalk010
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I think this is an issue with the template taht MrK used.

I think this is a cut and paste from another forum.

Chill


