Thread Title: 66 O'Connell St, Melbourne - No Contact Number
Floor: #1
Post Time: 9th December 2011, 12:31 PM
Poster ID: lofty14u
Post Title: 
 66 O'Connell St, Melbourne - No Contact Number
				
Post Content: 
66 Oconnell Street
Melbourne‎ 

Person's Name : lampeung

Establishment : Thai massage (forget exact name)

Date of Visit : 5 December 2011

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 66 Oconnell Street
Melbourne‎ 

Hours of Business :  n/k

Rates : $80/hr

Age : 22yrs

Size/shape : seemed a little portly for a Thai

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : massage, HR

Value for money/recommend? : no

I paid for an hour massage and at the front counter, the masseuse said there were no extras. I asked her there because she was on her own and thought she would answer truthfully. Got into room, a raised platform and mattress in the room and some clean towels beside. It was clean and tidy and I was expecting a decent thai massage. She proceeded to oil me up and work on my back. Wasn't too bad, she wasn't a trained masseuse though, not in the true Thai standard of massage. During the massage I asked again about hr, and she says ok, for $50. I thought this was too much considering the initial massage and said $20..... She agreed.
I asked her to massage the balls while on my back, just to get jnr awake, before the flip. She thought this a bit strange I think or she wasn't used to doing it but she kept asking if she was doing it right?? She flips me over after about five or so mins of ball massage and we start straight away on the now erect member. Oils him up and away she goes. She then starts talking to me about her studies and length of stay in Melbourne FFs all the time she's flipping me off...... I start to lose wood as a result! I asked if I could touch her arse etc to get him going again......
No touching, clothes on, I asked to see her arse at one stage to help cross the line, but it was was out of the question. HR was ok, she got the hang of the ball massage by this stage while the other hand was working on my rod, but she didn't do it for me in the looks dept. I really don't think she was pure Thai as she purported to be. 
Cleaned me up with a nice warm towel and talked some more about her time here and I left.
Would I go back......I don't think so.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 9th December 2011, 06:58 PM
Poster ID: BadAussieBoy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Can anyone help us out with a phone number?

Thanks in advance!

Cheers,

BAB


Floor: #3
Post Time: 6th May 2012, 12:01 PM
Poster ID: shtumper
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Sullah

Establishment : 66 O'Connell St (they have a name on the door but I can't remember it)

Date of Visit: Late April 2012

Hours of Business: Monday-Sat

Rates: $45 for the massage I think.  Extras of course cost extra, (I paid an extra $20 for HJ)

Age: early 20's

Size/shape: Very tiny and petite but still nicely curved

Nationality or Ethnicity: Chinese

Services Provided: massage + HJ

Value for money/recommend?: Not bad

Would I return:  Probably.

This place is about a minutes walk or less from Vic Market (if you enter O'Connell St from Victoria St by foot, it's on the right side of the street just before you reach the first intersection) and I've dropped by a number of times over the past few months.  I'm shithouse at remembering names at these places but Sullah was memorable enough for me to make the effort.  (When I returned for a repeat service I had to ask for her a few times before they clicked and grabbed her, so I might have the pronounciation wrong, but she's a friendly and very tiny asian girl).  The joint is set up like a semi-legit massage place and at the front counter ambience seems quite normal, but in recent times the girls have all started to offer HJ as a default extra - a couple of years back on the FIA boards a bunch of disappointed punters were noting that they couldn't get the gals to give HJ's, so things must have eventually changed behind the scenes.

Most massages I've had at this place are upstairs, and the girls often wear short shirts or tight leggings so you get an in-your-face look at their ass (or more) as you follow them up the extremely steep staircase.  (One girl here - a curvy looker who eventually gave me a dud of an overpriced massage, had a short enough shirt and skimpy enough undies that I was essentially following the undulating curves of her butt and asshole as she ascended.  She gave me a very knowing flirty look at the top, but sadly not one of the better punts I've had here).  Anyway, you get undressed and lie down face first on the bed or mattress - the rooms are quite clean and comfortable - and after a somewhat longer than usual wait the girl enters the room.  I take my jocks off when I lie down and ignore the signs here and there that mention things are non-sexual.  All the girls here are fairly friendly and usually do an at least okay massage, with the HJ offer suggested near the end.

Sullah gave me a nice oil rub and massage but soon (while I was face down) gravitated towards my arse.  I spread my legs for her and she eventually was rubbing both hands up and down my crack, whispering "Do you like this?  Are you enjoying this?" for a long while.  She's quite friendly and gave the impression of being happy to do what the guy enjoyed in this respect, rather than making it a prelude to a hard-sell.  (Some gals in these joints obviously could care less if you enjoy yourself and just want it all over and done with if you turn down the HJ with extras charge).  Sullah eventually asked if I wanted a HJ and I said yeah, the cost was $20 extra.  I didn't press for anything more and she was likeable and friendly enough that I didn't feel it was appropriate to try and grab her tits and ass.  Quite friendly to talk to.  The wank was a good one and she listened to my directions when I told her faster, slower or whatever.

There are a few other girls here, a Vietnamese one who gave a decent massage and lingered her fingernail in my crack for a while before offering a HJ for extra, which I declined, also the above mentioned curvy gal who was overpriced and gave a shittier massage with HJ and a less friendly vibe in the room.  With Sullah you'll at least get the wank for not too much extra and she isn't shy about rubbing just shy of the crack area.

The front counter has minties and stuff for you to grab on the way out, and there is a clean bathroom and shower downstairs you're free to use before or after.  Better decor than some places and a roster of girls that could be worth investigating - I'm sure they have other chicks here beyond the three I've alluded to above.  Sullah's service was enjoyable enough that I'd be happy to try it again.  Be aware that the girl on the front counter is usually a massage chick but the girl you get in the room is often different, so if you want the counter chick either ask for her directly or make a mental note of her name for the next time.  A cheap, reasonably okay service a minutes walk from the Vic Market shops.

Sinmathai - a dirtier, sleazier, full nude massage joint with various young Asian girls up for most things, rimming, full service, bj's, take your pick - is literally 15 seconds walk immediately around the corner from this venue, so plan your expenditure and wants accordingly.  Simathai charges $60-something for the massage + the usual extras surcharge from the girl, wheras O'Connell is $45-ish for an initial 30min massage + plus variable charges of $20 and up for the HJ.  You likely won't get much more from the O'Connell girls than a wank, whereas the Sinmathai chicks and ambience makes you feel like you're stationed in 'Nam and kicking your boots off for a rough, sloppy and gruntingly animalistic session with some horny and curvy local whores who will do pretty much whatever you ask.  Pick your venue depending on mood.


