Floor: #1
Post Time: 16th October 2019, 08:55 PM
Poster ID: robot
Post Title: 
 Bask Retreat - Richmond - Level 1 / 228 Swan Street Richmond - 0449 117 197
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Kim

Establishment : Bask Retreat

Date of Visit : October 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 1/228 Swan Street Richmond

Phone : 0449 117 197

Hours of Business : 10am-9pm

Rates : $55 / 30mins + $150 bodyslide hj

Age : Early 20's

Size/shape : Slim with nice curves

Nationality or Ethnicity : Middle eastern looking

Services Provided : massage, nude bodyslide, hj

Value for money/recommend? :  No / Yes

My experience/comments : 

Was in Richmond and thought I would check a place out. Lots of choices within a few minutes walk but this place looking a bit more upmarket and their australiacracker site said they are multinational. They have a rear entrance but there were people sitting on the steps so went via the front. Kim comes out of one of the back room. Very sexy girl who was wearing a tight black dress and a very warm smile and greeting like meeting an old friend. I knew I was in trouble lol. I paid up for 30 mins even though she tried to upsell me I had to go to a meeting. 

Rooms are very specious and seem refurbished to be clean and classy. Kim returns when I'm naked and asks if I've been there before and I say yes a couple of times. She seems happy and starts a sensual massage from the start. Not much of a massage but lots and lots of teasing. After around 10 minutes I can't take the teasing and lay on my side to allow her full access to stroke little bot. While she's stroking she says what would I like. I say I want to fuck her lol, but that's off the menu. She says most she will do is a bodyslide for $150 - I only had $130 on me so she agreed if I bring the full amount next time. No worries.

She slowly strips revealing a sexy black bra and g-string then those come off. Very perky c-cups and a round nice booty. She oils us both up and gives me one of the best bodyslides I've had in a long time. Lots of body contact, some cheeky kisses and even gets herself going by rubbing pussy on my cock but careful not to go in. For the next 15 or so minutes I'm in heaven playing with her body while she is no hurry to get me off. Finally while cocksliding and giving me a hj I can't take anymore and explode.

They have a shower which was really needed after that. Walk out happy but financially I don't think I'll rush back. Kim is there Mondays and Wednesdays.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 18th October 2019, 06:11 AM
Poster ID: Goboy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I was checking the location of this place on Google and I see it is adjacent to Dickmann street LoL 
Goboy


