Thread Title: Bayside Relaxation Massage - 282 St Kilda Rd, St Kilda - (03) 9534 9000
Floor: #1
Post Time: 18th May 2018, 08:08 PM
Poster ID: Passthru
Post Title: 
 Bayside Relaxation Massage - 282 St Kilda Rd, St Kilda - (03) 9534 9000
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Zara

Establishment : Bayside Relaxation Massage

Date of Visit : May 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 282 St Kilda Rd, St Kilda 9534-9000

Hours of Business : 10am-10pm

Rates : $55 for 30 minutes

Age :  Mid 20s?

Size/shape : 172cms (she told me) about a size 8, B-cups with pierced nips and a tatt sleeve

Nationality or Ethnicity : French

Services Provided : Massage, topless HJ and touching 

Value for money/recommend? : Massage prices pretty high and so are the extras

My experience/comments : 


Cold day, and had some time to kill so walked past the dodge looking Lily's and into Bayside having seen some of their Locanto ads but can't find any to post up for this. Western receptionist informed me they had a Thai and a French girl available, Thai in 30 minutes, French in 5 minutes, no contest.
Paid for the 30 minutes and fairly soon got shown into the room and told to strip all or however much I wanted so went full commando on the table. Zara walks in soon after and we get the pleasantries out of the way.
Zara is tall, slim with long dark hair pulled up and has a reasonable slim body with a nicely rounded arse. She has a striking Euro face, not overly pretty but attractive in it's own way, not supermodel material but you'd give her a second look.
Random chat hoping to break the ice, massage itself is mainly just soothing rather than therapeutic and only traces of sensual when she approaches the butt from the direction of the legs.
Eventually get the question of have you been here before and I give an honest no as tissues etc are in plentiful abundance. Zara then gives me the menu list starting with HJ at $50 not sure what was offered at the next price point but bodyslide was $150.
I inform her that all I have left is $85 and what can she do for me with that, turns out a topless handy with touching is as good as it gets and for only $80, but I guess a reasonably attractive Euro dolly in this part of town can be expected to charge a premium.
We move into the tug and she delivers a pretty enjoyable HJ with sometimes 2 hands and some variation of pace and cupping of balls and perineum allowing me to gently caress the natural B's and the pierced nipples.
This goes on for some time with good eye contact and my hands switching between her breasts and her butt, not quite patting the kitty from outside and eventually she gets me across the line nicely and finishes the job by getting the last drops out.
She brings in a wet, hot towel and a small bucket (not sure I'm a fan of this) and gives me a wipe over to remove the oil then while I'm getting dressed she lies down on the massage table and mentions how she's going to get one of her shop sisters to massage her, maybe an opening for exchange at a later date, don't know.
Would possibly consider returning to see if some movement may be established on price to performance measures, overall not too bad VFM for the quality extraction.


