Thread Title: Carlton - 03 9329 1229
Floor: #1
Post Time: 16th March 2011, 01:16 AM
Poster ID: Skynet
Post Title: 
 Carlton - 03 9329 1229
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Wei (?)

Establishment : Massage

Date of Visit: 08/03/11

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: Carlton 03 9329 1229

Hours of Business: 10 till 10

Rates: $40 for half and hour $70 for an hour

Age: 21

Size/shape: Petite and thin

Nationality or Ethnicity: Thai

Services Provided: Massage, will do extras for the right amount of cash

Value for money/recommend?: 7/10

My experience/comments: First time I went here was for a half hour massage. I was told to get naked and lie on the bed, well... doubled sized massage table. I covered myself with the towel on the massage bed and a thin, about 25~, Asian girl came in. Her hair was mainly in front of her face so I couldn't get a good look at her but she seemed cute from what I saw. It was long into the massage before she removed the towel and spread my legs, brave girl, a Silverback has less hair! lol. Her massage technique was good, she stayed away from the erogenous zones though. I was not sure of the protocol with RnT, and to be honest am still unsure, as this was my first time I asked her if she provided extra service. She looked at me puzzled and asked me to clarify what I was talking about. I let it go as I was becoming embarrassed. When she turned me over the towel came back on lol.  I tried to ask again, thinking maybe I was too eager too soon into the massage earlier. When she offered a head massage I pointed to the old fella and asked if she meant that but she said no. lol The massage ended and I was confused. I was sure this place offered RnT, it had all the signs; only young Asian girls offering massage, hot Asian girl at reception and a brothel like feel, and smell  when you walk in. Oh and when was the last time you went to a legit massage shop and found guys waiting for a massage and others coming in behind you? Never right! Anyway, I thanked her for a lovely massage and she started making the bed/massage table so I got up, totally naked, and started to get dressed, but I had to ask. At this point I was pretty comfortable with her and felt that maybe RnT only happens on the hour booking as the receptionist had a naughty smile on her face when she asked if I was booking for an hour, it went away when I said half an hour only lol. So as I stood there with my undies on I asked her again if she offered any hand service and proceeded to point to my groin, to which she replied with "Why?" lol I was speechless, I managed to stumble out something stupid like, "well doesn't everyone want one?" lol Well, that was the end of that. She laughed it off and was a very good sport about it all and I left. At least she never said "no I don't offer" or "we do not offer sexual service here". I thought I would have another punt with another girl but this time for an hour session. Couple of days later I returned for an hour booking. I'm in the room waiting when a young 20~ Thai girl by the name of Wei, I believe, walks in. She starts a one handed massage, which is strange and every now and then adds the other hand. I decided to keep my stupid mouth shut this time and just wait and see what happens. So the towel never came off during the massage, which was disappointing and the massage mainly consisted of one handed movements, which was not as good as the last girl. However, five minutes till the end, I'm lying on my back and Wei is oiling my inner thighs and rubbing at my legs while looking at me, like she is waiting for me to say something to her. I ask if I should remove the towel and she gives me this CFM look and says yes. Finally, success!! Her asking rate for HJ was $50, but I didn't want to spend that much. I talked her down to $30 but she was not happy when I handed her a $50 and asked for change lol Wei offers extras, not sure if she does bbbj, but they are all at a price. Overall a nice experience, terrible massage but good HJ. I will go again but this time I'll have exact change! I have a feeling with this place that it may get better the more regular, and trust worthy, you become. Some things I learned from this is don't ask unless there is a clear sign, Wei gave me a clear sign so I asked, have the right change and a great attitude and all will be great. Oh and invest in a body groomer/beard trimmer! These poor girls, the last thing you want is to be forcing a cute girl to stair at your hairy ass, back and nut sack while you're laying there hoping for a bbbj! lol

Sorry for the long post boys, I tend to get carried away. I know, I should start a blog. Hope this is of some help for you. And if you have any tips for correct protocol with massage parlors please let me know.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 16th March 2011, 09:04 AM
Poster ID: jackjack
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks for an entertaining read Skynet.  I'm sure a lot of us have had the experience that you describe.  With a couple more raids reported in Malvern last week, the girls may be a bit cautious?


Floor: #3
Post Time: 16th March 2011, 07:57 PM
Poster ID: beety
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
sounds like a very good experiences. THANKS


Floor: #4
Post Time: 18th March 2011, 12:35 AM
Poster ID: Skynet
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
No probs guys, happy to share. I read in the age about the raids that were occurring, never realised how bad it had become. On a lighter note, I've  got a question. This one is for the more frequent massage parlour goers out there. Do you bother with the towel when told to get undressed and lay down? Part of me thinks that it's only courteous to cover myself with the towel and then another part of me thinks that maybe I don't need to?


Floor: #5
Post Time: 18th March 2011, 09:34 AM
Poster ID: destructo33
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Personally I feel the whole towel business is part of the punt, I never cover up with a towel since or wear underwear because it sends mixed messages.  Better to be in the nude with no towel so hand can go where ever they want.  If its a problem the ML will cover you with a towel anyway..


Floor: #6
Post Time: 27th March 2011, 09:15 PM
Poster ID: Iva Biggun
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I don't bother with the towel. Occasionally the girl will put it over my bare butt but at this place I find they don't. Makes it a little easier to let em know what you want on the flip!


