Thread Title: Cherry Japanese Massage - Little Collins St, Melbourne - 0415 368 496
Floor: #1
Post Time: 17th March 2011, 01:06 PM
Poster ID: exuca1987
Post Title: 
 Cherry Japanese Massage - Little Collins St, Melbourne - 0415 368 496
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Wiki and Kuko

Establishment: Asian Massage advertised as Cherry Japanese Massage Melbourne CBD

Date of Visit: Mar 2011

Contact Details/Address/Weblink:  0415 368 496,  Little Collins St, Melbourne CBD

Hours of Business: 10am-8pm 7days

Rates: $85 for 1-hr massage

Age: Early 20's

Size/shape: Small, very thin, petite asians

Nationality or Ethnicity: Chinese (not Japanese)

Services Provided: Massage, RnT, HJ

Value for money/recommend?: Not really, but could be just bad luck with girls on roster.

My experience/comments:  Saw this ad for Japanese Massage in CBD so SMS for price, they replied immediately $85 for 1-hr, so worth give it a punt. Turns out the address is an apartment relatively new. Glass door on the street is secured so you need to buzz first. The apartment door was open and only a couple of steps to the right a I came out of the lift.
Saw a couple of empty massage tables in the lounge area but was shown a room instead and told to get in. Room was clean but a bit untidy. The small asian girl mumbled the prices for 30, 45 and 1-hr. Decided to go the full hour. First mistake as these girls really are programmed for 30min sessions. Paid the cash and girl, she put a clean sheet on the bed and left the room.
So got my gear off and waited (quite a bit) laying on the bed (not a table). She came back and proceeded with a soft massage. She was extremely thin, not much to look. She stayed dressed in T-shirt and shorts all session. Her english wasn't good, had a think accent and also didn't understand every second word I said. I got her working name, Wiki. The story is always the same, a student from China, being in Melbourne for less than a year, studying Marketing somewhere. Most times I feel pity for these girls which obviously are here on extended/overstayed tourist visas.
Massage wasn't too bad, but nothing extraordinary, very soft for my taste so I had to ask her to use a bit more pressure which she did for a little while. The strokes seemed mechanical, like she is programmed to do that, literally. I could sense she wasn't into it and her mind was somewhere else but there. I don't enjoy these sessions when the masseuse doesn't really want to be there with you or do it. Her soft strokes around my butts were OK I guess. No other touching beyond that.
Attempts to engage her in conversation were futile because of language skills. 20min past and she asked to turn around and continue the same mechanic strokes around the legs. This is the funny part. She mumbled something to me which truly I did not understand. It was obvious she was shy, nervous and didn't want to say it. After fifth attempt I understood if I wanted a hand relief. I asked her if she could get naked. She said she doesn't do that but the other girl in the apartment does (??) and asked me if she could shift. Well I said to myself why not, could get better (second mistake).
Off she went and took a long time to come back. She came back in and said her time (which I thought was 1 hour) has passed and if I wanted the other girl it will be $50 extra. I should have said no then, but couldn't resist the curiosity to check what the other one could do (punting does not always reward). So I gave her the 50 bucks and waited, again. 
The second girl, Kuko, entered the room. She is smaller but with a little bit more healthy body weight. She took off her lovely summer dress and knickers and went straight to HJ with oil. She didn't say much. Tiny butt and breasts and she allowed me to touch. It felt strange, her whole body was tight, literally as she wasn't welcoming it. She jolted a few times which put me off completely. She said I had cold hands. Attempted to touch her pussy and jolted again. This is not going to work I said. So I asked her to sit down on the next to me on the bed and massage her leg and feet. She didn't mind that.
15min passed and she completed the HJ, cleaned with tissue, put her clothes and off she went. That's it, I said. Gee ! I felt I've been ripped off with $135. Never mind this goes to the lessons-learnt draw.
I was putting my underwear when suddenly Kuko came back. I was surprised to see her back. She said, do you want a back massage? Obviously someone else was checking time and noticed I was missing 10min. So I sat down on the bed she came and kneelt behind me and gave a nice neck and shoulder massage until the hour was complete ... somehow.

Don't think this was value for money. I have had great luscious massages for 1 complete hour for half the price. I don't think I want to go back to try my luck again.
Good luck with you punting.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 17th March 2011, 02:45 PM
Poster ID: mboggler
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I've been here 3 times. Not at all worth the money paid, and the service is very poor compared to a Tiffany's. The only reason these girls get away with this is because they seem to be genuinely students operating independently, but again, they are just making hay while the sun shines. i wouldn't go back or recommend any punter to go here.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 17th March 2011, 04:39 PM
Poster ID: destructo33
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Haha wow thanks for the review, I found the place today and was going to go there, but never answered the buzzer so I just decided to go to Tiffanys guess I will stay clear...  Wish they had have replied to my sms, would have made things a lot easier too...


Floor: #4
Post Time: 21st April 2011, 11:19 PM
Poster ID: Scythe
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Monika

Establishment : Cherry

Date of Visit: 21 Apr 2011

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: Advertises in the City Weekly.  This place has moved.  Call the number in the previous review to find it.

Hours of Business: not sure - open until at least 7pm

Rates: $70/30 mins.

Age: 20's

Size/shape: petite, A-cup.

Nationality or Ethnicity: Asian, probably PRC

Services Provided: HJ (RnT)

Value for money/recommend?: below average, so not recommended

My experience/comments: Similar experience to the previous review.  OK language skills meant some communication but she was never very engaged.  After a moderately firm back massage she switched to light brushing and then the flip.  After asking I was allowed to touch her small breasts and was rewarded with hardening nipples but then she closed her arms.  Tampon string was a turn off.  HJ was below par until I provided some instruction and then took control by sitting up and watching her intently... which worked.  She cleanup with a hot towel (is this safe?) and then a nice head massage ... actually that was the best part.  If I return it would only be to try another girl.


