Thread Title: Davis Massage South Yarra
Floor: #1
Post Time: 19th October 2017, 12:07 AM
Poster ID: MLMatt
Post Title: 
 Davis Massage South Yarra
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sounded like Una 

Establishment : Davis Massage 

Date of Visit : October 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Davis street; they advertise on BP

Hours of Business : 10-10

Rates : 50/30

Age : late 20s

Size/shape : Tiny

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese 

Services Provided : Nude HE

Value for money/recommend? : Yes with right lady - i seemed to score the prettiest in the shop that day  

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.) Was shopping in Toorak/South Yarra area and needed a massage to relax. Loads of shops around South Yarra area and decided on this small shop as I spotted a cute ML sitting in the front window. 

Walked in and negotiated nude HE up front ($50). The room was very dark and took ages to adjust eyes, and was not the most luxurious . Started with a very soft massage on back and legs, followed by head massage. She also stood up and walked along my back. After 20 mins it was time to flip and strip. Her dress was whipped off in a microsecond to reveal a tiny pair of breasts and tightly trimmed bush. 

She initiated a good old school R+T, all the while playing the sexy vixen with extraordinary eye contact. She liked to jiggle her perky breasts every so often and giggle, which was a bit of fun. Wasn't long before she was cleaning up with baby wipes and also a bucket of hot soapy water, so i left feeling relatively clean and relaxed. I've only been to a few massage shops in this area, but I'd visit again if I was nearby.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 28th July 2018, 09:25 PM
Poster ID: Goboy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
This place and its gay sister/brother shop a few doors away have now closed 
Goboy


Floor: #3
Post Time: 28th July 2018, 11:18 PM
Poster ID: MLMatt
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks for the update. Will take off the list for future Melbourne visits.


