Thread Title: Full Body Care - 362 Victoria St, North Melbourne - 03 9326 5599
Floor: #1
Post Time: 12th November 2011, 10:55 PM
Poster ID: bob2mason
Post Title: 
 Full Body Care - 362 Victoria St, North Melbourne - 03 9326 5599
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Don't Know

Establishment : Full Body Care - 326 Victoria st, North Melbourne

Date of Visit : 12 Nov 2011

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 326 Victoria St, North Melbourne

Hours of Business :  til 10pm

Rates : $40 for 45min

Age : Maybe mid 20s

Size/shape : A bit plump

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian

Services Provided : Massage only

Value for money/recommend? : Yes for the massage

My experience/comments : (Here you must give at least a general description of the experience which you have had - 25 word minimum is required to give fellow members an idea of time spent - "Ill be back" or "good value" is not a sentence or review. )

Thought I'd give this place a go thinking its only a massage & maybe a r&t.  Unfortunately it was only a massage.  Even more disappointing is when I asked if I can take my jocks off she said no, so I thought ok just enjoy the cheap massage.  Got to the end & no signal for r&t.

Won't bother with this place again.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 14th July 2012, 07:48 PM
Poster ID: Richieboy
Post Title: 
 Reborn Therapy - Victoria Street Melbourne
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jenny

Establishment : Vicotora Street QVB end

Date of Visit : 14/07/12

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 9326 5599

Hours of Business : 10 am - 9 pm

Rates : $60 for an hour + tips 

Age : 30ish

Size/shape : Slender

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian

Services Provided : Massage + tips, HJ or BBBJ

Value for money/recommend? : Great vaule for money

Just passing this place and I spotted a youngish chinese girl at reception - what the hell and walked in - she promptly took my money and lead me to upstairs - where theres several massage rooms. I hate the places where theres just a curtain and thought thsi was going to be a dude. Got undressed and face down when in came a different lady - Jenny mid 30's nice enough face wearing dress and high boots. I started the usual conversation and found out she works Saturdays and is from South Korean. Massage was OK but she kept her hnd n my arse all the time saying she loved it and started to pat it. I quickly patted hers back and she said later...things could get interesting. Anyway on with the massage and i said to stroke her leg and off came her boots -  wander all the way up with no objections - shame she was wearing tights. Time for the flip and she indicated a hand job and i quickly said BJ - her response you have condom - nope - and then asked how much. I managed to negotiate 40 for BBBJ - she quick upped er bra and down her tights......what a girl. I managed to get two fingesr up and then she squeezed - my god it was like a vice....she lick up and down my shaft, licked the balls and then a 20 sec rim job. Back to Bj and when it was time to errupt she did not move and took the full load on her mouth......I think I will be going back next week to see if I can get more.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 17th July 2012, 03:55 PM
Poster ID: piercedtoplay
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Don't Know...

 Establishment : Reborn Therapy - 362 Victoria Street, North Melbourne

 Date of Visit : 17/07/12

 Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 9326 5599

 Hours of Business : 10 am - 9 pm

 Rates : $50 for 45mins + HJ

 Age : 30 maybe nearer 40

 Size/shape : Normal

 Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian

 Services Provided : Massage , HJ

 Value for money/recommend? : Great massage - extras a bit steep

Rocked based on the above review, but honestly was more keen on a good massage. From the outside and inside looks a very legit place. Shown upstairs to a row of booths with curtains and shown a room at end..  Got comfortable and in case the lady..  Asked if I wanted soft or hard - hard is want I needed.  Will be honest to say it was a really good massage - got right up into the groin areas and it was hard to tell wether this was fishing for a reaction..  Flip over and more very good massage work on the legs.  Asked if Id been her before, no, and carried on.  Then got to 15mins left and you could tell she'd run out of things to do - then asked if I wanted a special massage - $50 - without saying what it included..  Tried to bargain down to $40 but she wasn't having any of it.  Ok'd at $50 and got a really great HJ - not to oily and not rushed..  Nearly got busted at one point - so this is not a normal offering Id guess.  She did her duty quite well and then clean up with hot towels..  Paid cash and she was gone..

I get a feeling that repeat visits might result in more offerings.

WIR: yes - even just for a massage..  $50 bit high for a HJ I think..  But it was good quality..


Floor: #4
Post Time: 19th July 2012, 06:31 PM
Poster ID: Toomuchtime
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lucy

Establishment : Reborn Therapy - 362 Victoria Street, North Melbourne

Date of Visit : 19/07/12

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 9326 5599

Hours of Business : Unknown

Rates : $60/1 hour plus extras

Age : 30?

Size/shape : Curvy with nice tits

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Massage and tug

Value for money/recommend? : Massage is good value,tug is too dear

I was in the area so I thought I would try this place out today.Prices are $40 for half an hour or $60 for an hour,which is pretty good value in my book.The cute young receptionist took me upstairs which contains proper rooms but instead of doors they have curtains so privacy could be an issue if they were busy.At this stage I wasn't sure who was going to do me as I hadn't seen any other girls apart from the receptionist.After a few minutes in comes a girl called Lucy who was quite pretty and had a nice curvy body with some very good sized tits.I didn't ask but I think she would have been around 30.
She was quite friendly and after about 5 minutes of playful back massage she asked if I wanted a happier massage.I asked how much that would cost and she replied with "how much do you want to pay?" and "the more you pay,the more you get".I asked how much $40 would get and she said that for $50 I could have a tug.Not considering that a very good deal I offered $40 or $50 if she took her top off.She agreed on the $50 deal but after taking the $50 she left her top on and said "not yet".This pissed me off and I considered leaving but she already had my money so I was pretty well stuck.The tug was nothing special but I eventually got one of her tits out and had a suck on it and I also managed to rub her pussy from outside her leggings which she actually seemed to enjoy,but she wouldn't let me inside despite my efforts.After the finish she gave me a head massage and then just said "OK?" and disappeared never to be seen again.I didn't quite get the full hour,it was probably 5 minutes short.
On the way out I did see 2 other ladies but they were both older and not as pretty as Lucy.The massage was good value but the tug wasn't but if you looked at the total spend for the hour it probably compares well with a lot of other places.If I was to return it would only be to try another girl.
**Please note that the street number is 362,not 326 as per the heading on the original post and the place is now called Reborn Therapy**


Floor: #5
Post Time: 22nd July 2012, 09:08 PM
Poster ID: Toomuchtime
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jenny

 Establishment : Reborn Therapy - 362 Victoria Street, North Melbourne

 Date of Visit : 21/07/12

 Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 9326 5599

 Hours of Business : Unknown

 Rates : $60/1 hour plus extras

 Age : 35+

 Size/shape : A bit chunky

 Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese?

 Services Provided : Massage,tug and blow job

 Value for money/recommend? : Yes

Made a return visit to this place and had a very similar experience to Richieboy's above but with a few points of difference.I reckon Jenny is at least 35,maybe closer to 40 and I'm not sure about the Korean bit as she spoke Chinese.She is also definitely not slender,I would call her slightly chunky but in a sexy way.She also has a very inviting,slutty look about her which I found very sexy.
There is no need to describe the whole session in detail as it was pretty much the same as Richieboy's but without the rimming and I also paid $40 extra which was her price,not my offer.Jenny's massage skills are terrible and her English is also not great but her oral skills are a lot better and she did let me come in her mouth.
The session was a bit frustrating because she was paranoid about getting busted by her boss who was also upstairs pottering around.This meant that she was reluctant to get her gear off but I managed to get access to the important areas.As previously mentioned there are no doors on the rooms,only curtains,and we were in the first room which meant a lot of passing traffic and every time someone walked past it caused the curtain to blow in a bit.Funnily enough for all her worry about getting busted,at the exact second her boss walked past our room for the last time,I was blowing in Jenny's mouth.
If you go to this place and want privacy you need to be in one of the rooms at the end of the hallway,not at the start.
Jenny also works under the same name at Hugh Street in Footscray during the week.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 1st August 2012, 08:18 PM
Poster ID: leyland
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I have been here twice in two weeks so this review is an average of both visits.

$60/hr + HJ for $30

I think I may have gotten Jenny (both times) going by the reviews.  Not much interest in hiving a massage and sends text messages on and off each time.  Not too bad regarding her strength but disinterested and constantly trying to upsell to the HJ.  Could not get her to do nude either time.  I though other lasses in this place may be nicer but there are some scary looking ladies in there so Jenny is perhaps the best - I have been after 8pm each time.

WIR: not unless it is between 8pm and 10pm and I am desperate.  Too pricey and smells funny.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 9th August 2012, 04:58 PM
Poster ID: adventurous
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Called them up a few days ago, according to rceptionist, Jenny no longer works here, i was hoping to sample her BJ skills. Anyone know if she works anywhere else? 

Sent from my GT-P7500 using Tapatalk 2


Floor: #8
Post Time: 28th December 2012, 04:16 PM
Poster ID: Viperr
Post Title: 
 Reborn Therapies,  362 Victoria st North Melbourne 03 9326 5599
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Dina

Establishment : Reborn Therapies

Date of Visit : 03/12/12

Contact Details/Address : 362 Victoria St North Melbourne Ph: 03 93265599

Hours of Business : 10 AM - 10 PM

Rates : $60/ hr +$30 HJ

Age : 26-27

Size/shape : Probably 8-10 ( I can't guess)

Ethnicity : PRC

Services Provided : Massage + HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes. ($5 or $10 return discount voucher provided - value depends on the receptionists mood)

My experience/comments : 

I found this place while driving along Victoria St. I had lots of free time so thought of going in. Parked the car n popped in. Was greeted by a young and very pretty PRC. I was hoping that she would be my masseuse but she wasn't  (apparently she's the owner's daughter). I paid the $60 for an hour and was introduced to Dina who looked pretty. She led me to the massage room upstairs which was dim lit n quiet and pretty decent (except for the irritating noise of a clock's tick-tock). The towels looked n felt clean. Tina could barely speak or understand English. Not even a yes or no. But her massage technique was excellent. She even stood on my back and used her feet which was heavenly. At this point I was having doubts about the 'extras'. After about 30 mins, she started massaging my legs and there was an 'accidental' touch of my stiffie and I was then I was quiet sure that there was something 'special' coming up. Then the flip. No towel to cover. She asked me if i wanted a HJ with a hand gesture to which i nodded yes. She said $50, i said $20 and then we agreed upon $30 (I've to haggle ). She used a good amount of oil and she had a nice technique. I let go after 10-12 mins followed by a thorough clean up of all the oil. I felt really satisfied and happy at the end . 
I was also given a $10 return discount voucher, valid for a month. All in all, a good experience with a price tag of $90. 
I am pretty sure of returning. I am curious to know if there is anything else on offer other than a standard HJ. Well, on this note, I am thinking of going back today with my $10 voucher. Lets see how it goes guys. 

Cheers


