Thread Title: Golden State Massage -  50 Bourke St, CBD
Floor: #1
Post Time: 4th January 2018, 05:14 PM
Poster ID: cl-dean
Post Title: 
 Golden State Massage -  50 Bourke St, CBD
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Michelle

Establishment : Golden State Massage

Date of Visit : 4/1/2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 50 Bourke Street, Melbourne

Hours of Business : Unknown

Rates : $50/30 + extras

Age : 30s? 40s?

Size/shape : Hard to tell under the outfit, but she was flexible enough

Nationality or Ethnicity : PRC

Services Provided : Excellent massage, clothed HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Perhaps. Read on.

My experience/comments : 

Earlier in the week I was in a tram and saw the massage sign in here -- new shop perhaps? So today I girded my loins and took a punt. Went in to find a pleasant enough lady on the front, "You want massage?" I was tempted to say I was here for a kilo of chops, isn't this a butcher, but decided against it and said yes. She was attractive enough and attitude was good.

She shows me into a room (no ceilings, but bars for the masseuses to hold onto!) and a shitload of signs with fine print about no sexual services, no dirty talk, etc etc. Michelle returns as I am climbing onto the massage table, and she grabs my cock and balls -- clearly she hasn't bothered reading the signs. There are clients / punters in rooms on either side of me -- so they are doing OK for a quiet week in town. I ask for a hard massage, and that's what she gives me for 10 minutes. It was excellent, really first class. She used the bars to walk up and down my legs.

It then switches to a soft massage, and she whispers, would I like happy ending? Sure I whisper. $100 she whispers. WTF? I whisper. All off, she whispers, indicating her clothes. $50 I counter. No, only HE for $50 she replies. $20 for clothed handy I counter offer. $30, she says. No, I say. We continue with the massage.

By and by she asks me to flip, pops a towel on and really digs into my forearm. Fuck it hurt. We have a chat about hard and soft massage, and she asks me to massage her arm. She gives me finer points of instruction on how to get it in hard. While she is doing this, she's giving me a good caress through the towel downstairs. Up comes her foot, and she provides instructions on a hard foot massage whilst getting me to full attention. She then holds up three fingers with a questioning expression on her face. I've really enjoyed what she's done, and how she's gone about it -- a lot of fun, so I relent, and say, sure. Pay her the $30 (she bring me my pants so I can get the cash) and she provides a fucking phenomenal HJ. One of the best I've ever had. Good variation of pace, grip, and strength. I explode, and she helps me clean up, then leaves me to get dressed and go.

I escaped, but there were no cards on the front counter to take, so I'm sorry mods I don't have phone number or hours. But the shop itself is easy enough to find -- next to the bike shop in that early 1980s building just down the street from the old Metro.

WIR? Maybe. If the mood for a slightly eccentric massage lady hits, possibly. $80 for a genuinely decent massage and a peculiarly initiated HJ is not too bad... Dean


Floor: #2
Post Time: 4th January 2018, 08:01 PM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Frontloader, Gravy, Robot, Like, out review this man above this year.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 4th January 2018, 09:10 PM
Poster ID: robot
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by brauninc


Frontloader, Gravy, Robot, Like, out review this man above this year
"""



My balls don't produce enough to even come close lol


Floor: #4
Post Time: 5th January 2018, 06:33 AM
Poster ID: Like
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks Dean and great work for the most useful reviews in 2017. Brauny, Dean has the force and I'm lucky to have time freedom for 1-2 a week so won't get close to Dean's reviews.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 5th January 2018, 10:28 AM
Poster ID: Frontloader
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Good review cl-dean, as always. In response to Brauny's observation, it prompted me to scan through your huge 2017 portfolio of rnt reviews I can readily say that you have me easily covered for quantity and quality. Thanks for your detailed reviews and insights into some of the shops and ML's, they have been useful to me and I am sure to others on this site. Cheers.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 9th June 2018, 01:43 PM
Poster ID: David Banks
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Judy

Establishment : Golden Star Massage (NB NOT GOLDEN STATE MASSAGE)

Date of Visit : June 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 50 Bourke Street, Melbourne

Hours of Business : 10-10?

Rates : $80 ph + tips

Age : 35

Size/shape : Slightly chubby but curvaceous 

Nationality or Ethnicity : PRC

Services Provided : Massage with Partially naked HE....lots of touching

Value for money/recommend? Just OK....expensive by Sydney / Canberra standards

My experience/comments : Reading lots of Melbourne reviews before journey South this week....this week....they are mostly dud, expensive or a long way out of the CBD. This one caught my eye. But Judy was 7/10 for massage and 6/10 for HE....very disappointing when compared with my hopes


Floor: #7
Post Time: 9th June 2018, 10:17 PM
Poster ID: Jersybull
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
How much for the tips David? Thanks.


Floor: #8
Post Time: 10th June 2018, 11:39 AM
Poster ID: David Banks
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
One hundred dollars


Floor: #9
Post Time: 10th June 2019, 02:56 AM
Poster ID: masterj
Post Title: 
 Golden Star Massage
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Kimmy

Establishment : 
Golden Star Massage 

Date of Visit : June 2019 

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 
50 Bourke Street, Melbourne

Hours of Business : not sure 

Rates : $50 /30min plus extras
$50 hj $80 hj top off
YMMV-
$100 nude hj cbj 
$150 body slides incl cbj, titty fuck 

Age : late 30s? 

Size/shape : 
Slim , C to D bust, flat abs, toned legs, firm butt, long hair 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese 

Services Provided : 
Good massage, back walking, cbj, titty fuck, hj, pussy play, light kissing, cheeky teasing girlfriend 

Value for money/recommend: yes yes 

My experience/comments :
Was down from Queensland and saw the neon sign over the weekend and walked-in Sunday 6pm. Was met at the door by Kimmy in a tight dress as she opened the door and a guy left.

Showed me to the end room and she was quite excited by my height. Paid upfront and she locked the door on returning.

Very friendly we swapped names and started excellent massage thru towel, very firm, some back walking and crawling over mewwith knees and elbows, which was great for my back, hair swishing over me as she came in close and giggled. A quick firm oil massage followed 

Washed the oil off before the flip and ran her fingers up my sack and crack. I was so ready on the turn and we whispered negotiations between light kisses. Which took a minute or two of me saying no.

 We settled on the $150 option after I said no away! But she was deliciously close and a light kiss or two showed me her sensual touch. Promising a long bj and demonstrating her titty fuck style! 

She teasingly removed her clothes, plenty of wiggling and eye contact. True to her word the cbj was good value and quite abit of effort, think she would have been happy for me to blow in the dom. Same with the breast work. She really pushed those puppies to together as she pumped me and allowed allowed some light finger play with her pussy. Finished me off with very oily two hands hj with a finger teasing the butt hole 

Really did enjoy myself, an hour session would have been ideal. Obviously we hit it off so YMMV with negotiations and delicate lip kissing and effort on her part? idk?? Felt very genuine to me. Of course I would return


