Thread Title: Golden Hands Massage - South Melbourne - (03) 9686 4000
Floor: #1
Post Time: 9th January 2016, 01:48 PM
Poster ID: whiteywhite
Post Title: 
 Golden Hands Massage - South Melbourne - (03) 9686 4000
				
Post Content: 
Sorry meant to post into Massage Parlours. Mods please move :-)


Person's Name : Geisha

Establishment : Golden Hands Massage

Date of Visit : 9/1/16

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Home

Hours of Business : Varies - see website

Rates :  $80 +++++++ See Below for Detail

Age : 25

Size/shape : Curvy

Nationality or Ethnicity : Japanese

Services Provided : Nude Bodyslide RnT

Value for money/recommend? : No

My experience/comments : 

Home
 46 Gladstone St, South Melbourne, VIC
 (03) 9686 4000
contact@goldenhandsmassage.com.au

Prices: (Room & Massage)
$80 / $100 / $120
30m / 45m / 60m

Extras: Up to each lady, ranged from $100 for nude body slide RnT to $150 for same. $$$ for everything like extra $20 for touching, extra $20 for kissing etc etc etc

Mixed feelings about this place, mostly negative. They are advertising everywhere, and i couldn't find a review so I decided to take the hit for the community :-)

The setup is more like a brothel, you are taken to a room, the ladies are brought in one at a time, and you get to discuss extra's etc. I'm fairly sure this place is owned by the Pleasure Dome next door.

The prices are quite expensive all up, and of the 4 ladies I was shown, 2 of them had the "stripper well past her prime" look, 1 was a mid 30's blonde lady just past her prime and 1 young asian lady who was cute but slightly chubby. I think she was japanese, her english is not great, and I chose her. I took the touching but "no inside" option with nude body slide. 

Started with a massage - she had no idea. So I undressed her (nice natural D cups) and we started the body slide on my back. Again she had no real clue, and then admitted that she was brand new and asked for advice. I gave her some hints (like, Oil might help) and she did an OK job. Speaking of "oil" - they had none. Only cream, so we had to use a shit load of that. 
Turned over and started a front massage. She was adamant about the no kissing because i hadn't paid, but I got to play with her pussy on the outside, and she was already wet. She said she was turned on too.  She gave me some spanish, and at this she was very talented. Those big D cups came to the fore. I actually had to stop her as I was getting close.

Long story short, we ended up in 69 position with her pussy in my face after quite a bit of instruction on how to get into the right position, so I started playing with her pussy in earnest. At this point she got sopping wet and quite into it. At first she stopped me from going inside her, but a minute or two later she was pushing back so I ended up with two fingers in her - she was damned tight and super wet. She gave me a bit of free oral too, although she kept getting distracted as she was moaning a lot and seemingly genuinely enjoying it.  Eventually time was running out so I had her tug me off.

So.. the girl had some promise with some further training, but she was definitely not worth the money, and the whole place was a bit of a rip off. The tables were also too narrow for the job which made things awkward.


It's like the place is a new venture run by people who have heard of RnT but definitely aren't experienced in it.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 9th January 2016, 06:02 PM
Poster ID: Passthru
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Seen a few of their ads on BP and was wondering how over-priced the extras would be, the lady pics seem to indicate more of a brothel than R&T.

Still sounds like a worthwhile punt even if a little pricey. Thanks for the writeup Whitey.


