Thread Title: Healthy Relaxation Massage Therapy - 220 Collins St - 0466 084 192
Floor: #1
Post Time: 20th September 2016, 10:10 AM
Poster ID: cl-dean
Post Title: 
 Healthy Relaxation Massage Therapy - 220 Collins St - 0466 084 192
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Belinda

Establishment : Healthy Relaxation Massage Therapy

Date of Visit : 19/9/16

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0466 084 192

Hours of Business : 10-8, M-F, unknown on weekends but they are open

Rates : $50/30 mins + $50 extras

Age : late 20s?

Size/shape : Slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : PRC

Services Provided : Nude massage, HR, DFK, plenty of touching, COB

Value for money/recommend? : Yes but no (see review)

My experience/comments : 

I had been here once before but now the ownership has changed, so as the girl I saw has since left, I saw no point in writing a review. Anyway, got a note from them via text saying new ownership, new girls. I'd been stood up for a catch up with a mate in town and was close at hand so I thought I would take a punt.

Rocked up and an average looking girl with a nice slim body rocked up, how long, $50, come in here please, etc (ie the usual yapping).

Belinda then returns once I am undressed an laying down on the table. I ask for no oil, and she started a decent massage on the shoulders, standing in front of my head. I experimentally run my hands up her smooth legs and under her panties, to which her response is to lean over and whisper, "Have you been here before?" When I saw yes, she helps remove the panties and we go full bore into a first class sensual massage. It was really very very good.

Plenty of DFK, caressing and the like. I find out that FS, DATY and BJ are all off the menu, but that's OK. Slowly Belinda removes her clothes to reveal a decent enough slim body -- B cups boobs I would say -- and I move around to her pussy to find it soaking wet. Nice!

You make me horny she moans. Yes, well you make me horny too, love.

There's a weird lump on her right arse cheek that I feel and it's not until I get visual that it's some kind of mole with hairs growing out of it. A flaw on the flawless skin of this young lady. Then I find a bigger flaw!

She turns around, kneeling next to me so I can see her pussy while she rubs me. There are some really weird looking pustules at the entrance to her hole, and they appear to be weeping. Ewww!

I ask her to lie down, and using the hand I didn't use to touch her pussy wank myself off all over her. This took a while (unless you're ambidextrous, a wrong hand wank is not easy), but I got the job done.

We cleaned up, and I went up the road a bit to find a pharmacy and get some hand sanitiser. It was all going well until those pustules.

Belinda works every day here except Tuesday. She certainly gets into it, and gives 110%, but ewwww.

I'll be back to check out some of the other talent (maybe on a Tuesday) -- but $50 extras for a nude handy with DFK is pretty good these days.

Dean


Floor: #2
Post Time: 20th September 2016, 02:18 PM
Poster ID: Salsa
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by cl-dean


There are some really weird looking pustules at the entrance to her hole, and they appear to be weeping. Ewww
"""



FUCK ME!!! The name of this joint should be "UNhealthy Relaxation Massage Therapy".

Thanks for the tip mate, I'll make sure I avoid this establishment.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 20th September 2016, 08:02 PM
Poster ID: lygon007
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Fuck man, I'd be panicking. That shit can spread easily when it's 'open' so to speak.

You know know if she washed her hands after she's touched herself in the toilet. I'd be laying off fooling around to see if something comes up without risking spreading it before you realise.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 20th September 2016, 11:21 PM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
cl-dean many of your reviews are so funny to read, u always seem to have some kind of adventure.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 21st September 2016, 05:25 AM
Poster ID: cl-dean
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by lygon007


Fuck man, I'd be panicking. That shit can spread easily when it's 'open' so to speak.

You know know if she washed her hands after she's touched herself in the toilet. I'd be laying off fooling around to see if something comes up without risking spreading it before you realise
"""



I'm not panicking, but I have been to the doctor. Have got the usual slate of tests, and am going back in a week for a checkup. And yeah, I'll be laying low until I get the all clear (hopefully) next week.


