Thread Title: Ishimpo - 20 St David St, Fitzroy - 03 9415 7762
Floor: #1
Post Time: 16th December 2012, 07:33 AM
Poster ID: yichi
Post Title: 
 Ishimpo - 20 St David St, Fitzroy - 03 9415 7762
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Satina / Sanina 

Establishment : ishimpo

Date of Visit : 11 Dec

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 94157762 / 0430596499 

Hours of Business : 10 to dont know

Rates : @400

Age : mid 20

Size/shape : 8

Nationality or Ethnicity : ausi

Services Provided : nuru massge, fs

Value for money/recommend? : may be/depend

My experience/comments : got number from google. normol price $420 per hour for nuru sex(they have different service with different price), informed come 11 am with get $20 off. when there, girl call satina lead to upstair, room is little dark, have show and wait. satina come back few minutes later, strip. turn the music on then put some cool gel on my back and start massage,  that is first time i have nuru massage, feel's good, but little different with some video online. little comversation, on the back, some times like deep tissel msg. after about 20 min, flip over, put more gel on her body and cover comd on my brother, and start msg again. as I can put finger to her tight hole? say yes. after about 15 min, she put my brother in to her nice pussy. 

all i want is do nothing but enjoy my self. she did fer min like doggi way then turn around face to me so i can tickle her tit. after few min, I com. clean up for me then have soft tickle my body to let me relax till end.

overall, it is good. i think if her tit are c or d cup, will more enjoyable. little big expensive with the service, but good to try.  come back, may be with othe service. she said only her and an other girl will do nuru sex, rest only provide oral and hj.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 22nd January 2013, 10:41 AM
Poster ID: Scampy
Post Title: 
 Ishimpo - Fitzroy - 03 9415 7762
				
Post Content: 
I saw isabella there recently. She is very hot and extremely sensual. It was pricey but I really enjoyed the session. Very sensual indeed


Floor: #3
Post Time: 11th August 2013, 04:07 PM
Poster ID: lygon007
Post Title: 
 Ishimpo - 20 St David St, Fitzroy - 03 9415 7762
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Ashanti
Establishment : Ishimpo
Date of Visit : 10/08/13
Contact Details/Address/Weblink :  20 St David St,Fitzroy  9415 7762 or 0430 596 499
Hours of Business : 10 - 1am
Rates : $250 60 mins HJ / $390 BJ / $420 FS
Name: Ashanti
Age : Early to mid 30's
Size/shape : 10
Nationality or Ethnicity : European
Services Provided : Nuru, Sukebe, HJ
Value for money/recommend? : Yes, not if all you want is FS

My experience/comments:

** I re-read this and it's a little longer than I'd expected but still valuable I hope! **

I've read mixed reviews about Ishimpo and in particular Ashanti. This did not stop me from trying out Ishimpo and in particular the Sukebe chair experience. I'd previously tried body sliding with one of my ex's and though it was enjoyable the reality is as neither of us done it before and as much as the intent is there the skill to do so is not quite, so to a professional I go!

I'd had a fairly rough week at work and the day was no better, deciding to call it off early and go wandering was a wise move. I'd originally booked this for 2:30pm. It is all done via SMS as there is no receptionship on site. I arrived and was greated by Olivia, she checked the booking roster and there had been an error, a double booking and a session that was 30mins longer and as a result Ashanti was not available until 3pm.

*Slightly off topic*
For many this is not acceptable and I get it, sort of. Shit happens, people make mistakes. Add to this of course going for a punt you tend to give yourself a window and once you've entered a joint the anticipated exit is the finish line not one due to a false start. I accepted to 30min delay.

Upon my return I was greated by Ashanti. She is quite short which I love, and has a very hard striking look about her with beautfil olive skin. I have read that she is cold, reserved, yadda yadda. You know what? Some people's mannerisms give off the impression that they care not for you're presence. That is all you, not them. Sure, people have bad days. Break the ice, smile! Encourage light banter.

Ashanti has a beautiful smile and you can see she is actually very warm, you just need to let her do it her way and don't push expectations.
*Back on topic*

The session is split roughly 50/50 Nuru massage and Sukebe, she asked which I would prefer to end on and I chose Sukebe. I figured the Nuru was a nice warm lead in to the Sukebe which I was most excited about as it provides a position that ensures every sexually sensitive area of you can receive attention. It does not let itself down and neither does Ashanti.

First the Nuru: The oil was was quite warm on the skin, face down she applied it liberally to my back, shoulders and legs as well as herself. "Just relax" she advised and it began. It was exactly the start I needed. Not only was it very relaxing her naked body sliding up against mine was fantastic. She focused on each major section of my shoulders, back and legs and some of her motions giving an excellent tease to my groin through the inner thigh and backside. About 15mins of this then flip over, I got see see her amazing body repeat similar motions.

Ashanti has a beautiful body and a cheeky smile when you encourage it. She paid particular attention to my penis and balls at some points once with a cheeky comment "... just checking!" It was amazing.

Then onto the Sukebe. Fuck I was horny by now. Ashanti started with a very sensual shower down of all the oil from the Nuru while you sit in the chair, "bring the water temperature to your liking" she requests. More and more attention is paid to my penis, balls, perineum and anus. Ashanti rides up and down my thighs, swapping between them and kneeling which allows her to use both of her hands to pay 100% attention to stroking my cock massaging my balls and teasing my anus. As I said before the Sukebe opens up each of these regions for full access and I think it is amazing. Fucking amazing.

Initially it is quite an intense feeling simply has I've so rarely had attention paid to every region at once, particularly with such passionate intent. While she is grinding up and down my legs she did not flinch at me with my hands all over her, in my opinion amazing, body. Though I didn't push the boundary I was even lighting stroking around her vagina - she felt amazing and she loved it. She smiled as you moaned and altered the movement just enough to keep me at the edge for quite a long time. I was able to cheat this partially as I had a glimspe of a clock - I swear she had me at the point of nearly blowing my load for nearly 15mins. That was after the good 10-12min 'warm up'.

When enough was enough and I knew if I didn't let her know I was going to explode I would end up doing so at an annoying point such as mid-transition between positions for her. I wanted 100% attention on my balls and perineum while she stroked every last drop of cum from me, and did she ever.

It was fucking incredible. I will return.

Nice slow clean up and general chit chat, she was extremely warm and lovely.

I'm sure a few would cough at the $250 becuase "all you got was a handjob?!". Each to their own I suppose. It was the most intense, passionate attention that that region has received for a while, or potentially ever. Yes it's not full service - but you can pay for it - nor is it a blow job, which you can also pay for.


Would I "upgrade" the service to include those next time? Maybe. Some who are great with their hands and Ashanti is, knock some blowjobs for six. Full service? To be honest I'd need to see Ashanti a few more times before doing so, if ever. I think you'd want to build a better relationship with her.

Some would see this as a waste of time, that's fine, go and pay for a FS elsewhere.

Would definatley return. Keen to know what over venues or ladies offer similar services, particularly those that are excellent with their hands.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 19th August 2013, 09:34 AM
Poster ID: Rodine
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Great write up and thanks for sharing.

You're right, many would knock the rates, but you only need to add up 2 or 3 dud punts and you've spent the same money, although as in your case, it has been well worth it, so it's a case of swings and merry-go-rounds really.

Sounds like a must do at some point though!


Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk - now Free


Floor: #5
Post Time: 19th August 2013, 09:46 AM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by dumbcomp


Person's Name: Ashanti
.
.
First the Nuru: The oil was was quite warm on the skin, face down she applied it liberally to my back, shoulders and legs as well as herself. "Just relax" she advised and it began. It was exactly the start I needed. Not only was it very relaxing her naked body sliding up against mine was fantastic. She focused on each major section of my shoulders, back and legs and some of her motions giving an excellent tease to my groin through the inner thigh and backside. About 15mins of this then flip over, I got see see her amazing body repeat similar motions.
.
"""



Excellent review dumpcomp, and just what is needed to decide if parting with all that cabbage is a good idea.

To quote an esteemed mentor,

"Wank wank, money in the bank. 
Root root loose your loot."

Sounds like it was worth it, especially with Nuru.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 12th October 2013, 03:49 PM
Poster ID: AJames
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Not Ashanti

Establishment : iShimpo

Date of Visit: Oct 2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 20 St David St, Fitzroy 0430 596 499

Hours of Business : 10 - 1am

Rates : $250 1 hr

Age : Mid 20's

Size/shape : 10 - 12

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : Sukebe and Nuru

Value for money/recommend? : No

My experience/comments: 


Decided to make a booking purely based on the above report, the Sukebe chair sounded very promising.

Initially I thought this place was just 1 girl with a manager answering the phone so when I made the booking I didn't specifically asked for Ashanti.  But apparently there are about 6 girls on the roster with 2 girls available per day.

When I arrived I was greeted by my masseuse.  She can be described as a rock girl, sort of like Fiona Apple / Avril Lavigne type of girl - not really my cup of tea.

Went upstairs and asked me to shower.  She comes back and asked me to sit on the Sukebe chair.  She put on this spongy gloves on both hands and started to wash/clean me with soap.  She rubbed her gloved hands up and down on my body, nothing really sensual.  This went on for about 15 to 20 mins, it got quite boring to be honest.  she then took her gloves off and started to rub be on my balls and ass on the Sukebe chair, it only went for 1 stroke and that's it.  She rinsed me and asked me to lie on the mat for Nuru, that was the end of the Sukebe chair session.  Quite disappointing really.

Was hoping for a better result in the Nuru session, but she did 40 mins of body sliding on me.  It had gone from boring to annoying towards the end.  She doesn't really put her hands for the balls tickle, I think she only touched my balls 2 to 3 times very brifely.  The whole session was just slow body slide and some massage with her hands.

With body slides, it feels ok during the first few strokes, but if it went on for 30 mins+ it was utterly boring.  There is nothing sensual about it, when she puts her whole body weight on you for so long it gets quite annoying, especially with her "5 o'clock shadow" pussy grinding your back.  At the end a HJ was attempted but I did not cum.

WIR? Part of me wants to go back and book specifically for Ashanti, I really thought I did not fully experienced the proper Sukebe chair.  But part of me is telling me not to waste anymore money on this place, especially when it's quite an expensive RnT session only.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 24th November 2013, 11:02 PM
Poster ID: antares01
Post Title: 
 ISHIMPO - Fitzroy - 0430 596 499
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Kaya

Establishment : Institute of Sexual health, Integration, Medicine, Psychology and Orientation SWA7930XBE

Date of Visit : 21 November 2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Tantra Melbourne 0430 596 499(SMS only)

Hours of Business : By appointment only - 10AM to 11PM Mon to Sat and 11Am to 8PM Sun.

Rates : Starts at $250 up to $420

Age : 20's

Size/shape : Tall blond fit, I guess 12D

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : Nuru massage and HR - See website for comprehensive list.

Value for money/recommend? : Depends

My experience/comments : I visited their Sydney operation a few months ago so thought I would try the Melbourne "office" and compare 

BTW, this place is a fully licensed brothel so all above board and no concerns re council, immigration or police raids.  Girls are required to have regular health checks.

Booked via SMS, appears to the the only way you can contact them.  SMS is a pain when you use a low tech phone, bit hard to ask questions.  ISHIMPO is very discretely located in a side street off Brunswick St Fitzroy, just round the corner from https://littlecreatures.com.au/venue...ne-dining-hall, more on this venue later 

Arrived at the front door at the appointed time and Kaya let me in, friendly in a cool business like way.  I followed her upstairs into a room with an air mattress on the floor, a spa bath in an alcove and decorated in a somewhat mystical eastern theme with dim lighting.  Kaya asked me what I would like so I nominated first half in the Sukebe chair and second half on mattress.  Kaya said sorry, sukebe chair is in use so will have to be all on mattress.  This seemed surprising as these things look like a standard type of chair used for invalid care, probably cost no more than a couple of pineapples.  You would think they would have one in all rooms given the price structure and as it is one of their advertised specialties.  Oh well, I accepted this failing and handed over the $250.  Kaya pointed me to the shower and said she would be back soon.

Shower is over the spa bath, shower head bracket is loose so you have to hold the shower rose at all times and the spa is poorly drained so you end up standing in a shallow lake by the time you have finished mmmmm could be better.  Plenty of clean fluffy towels .... good.

Kaya returns and asks me to lie face down on the air mattress which by the way is a single bed size and then gives me a full on body to body massage using copious quantities of warm Nuru gel.  The massage went on for some time (wasn't watching the clock) and included plenty of body sliding, TT and reach under massage.  Kaya then asked me to roll over, she had used so much gel I felt like I was lying in a gel "lake".  I could now see Kaya in all her naked glory and I have to say she has a killer body - magnificent 

Kaya now continued with massage on my front half including plenty of body sliding, Spanish and TT.  There was a very slow build up to HR which was nice.  As soon as I came Kaya was hands off and into the shower leaving me lying in my gel lake. Kaya had a quick shower then left me to it saying she would be down stairs.  Throughout the massage I noticed Kaya remained quite reserved and somewhat remote.  I guess it was my first massage with her so who knows, she may loosen up with familiarity.

Second shower with the partially blocked drain and hand held shower head which is a real pain when you are trying to wash off Nuru gel 

After I finished the shower and got dressed I walked down the stairs and Kaya showed me out.  Total elapsed time entry to exit was 50 minutes.

So, compared to the Sydney "office"; they need to get a plumber (a real one) in to fix the shower head and drain and they were short a Sukebe chair.  Obviously the service will vary a bit with the girl in this case, Les in Sydney the more "sensual" of the two. 50 minutes including shower time for $250 seems a little rich.  I guess having a fully licensed operation drives the costs up, however, still seems a little steep to me.

After this experience I was in need of refreshment so dropped into the Little Creatures Dining Hall just around the corner for a couple of ales and a steak - excellent venue, highly recommended 

Would I return?  To Little Creatures Dining Hall?- absolutely   To ISHIMPO?, perhaps to maybe try some of their other services for something different on an occasional basis, too costly to me for regular visits.


Floor: #8
Post Time: 4th December 2013, 01:15 PM
Poster ID: Viscosity
Post Title: 
 Ishimpo - 20 St David St, Fitzroy - 03 9415 7762
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Porsche & Isabella

Establishment : Ishimpo

Date of Visit : 28/11/2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : http://www.ishimpo.com

Hours of Business : 10am - 12pm 7 days

Rates : 60mins / 420

Age : 30's

Size/shape : Both quite voluptuous

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie / Greek?

Services Provided : B2B / R&T / Nuru / Subuki chair

Value for money/recommend? : Seems cheap for two girls and extremely satisfying

My experience/comments : 
I'd been curious for sometime to try the Subuki chair, since I really enjoy nuru.  Feeling like garbage after a big night out I decided to treat myself. I was greeted with a bound fancy catalogue of services along with illustrations and flicked through it whilst the room was prepared.

You are taken into the "Wet Room" where there's an open shower a plastic chair and a rubber lilo bed sort of thing.  Doesn't sound too appealing, but I think it's fair to say it was one the most indulgent and pleasurable experience of my life. The girls really seem to take pride in the skills they have in stimulation techniques, and the result is sublime.  You're seated on the chair as they use their bodys as, soap and bowls of warm water to provide the most incredible stimulation to every crevice of your body.  And then lay you down on the lilo for some raunchy nuru gel sliding, stalling your orgasm to pack in the maximum pleasure for your pay. Extremely sensual and erotic. I'll be back.


Floor: #9
Post Time: 6th December 2013, 04:37 PM
Poster ID: Scampy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Isabella is a great gal. Had a nuru massage with her a year or so ago. Loved it!


Floor: #10
Post Time: 7th December 2013, 12:17 AM
Poster ID: Scampy
Post Title: 
 Ishimpoo
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name :Isabella

Establishment : Ishimpoo

Date of Visit : 19/08/13

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Ishimpoo Fitzroy

Hours of Business : 10am till late

Rates : $350 / 90 minutes

Age :lat 20s

Size/shape : bubbly maybe size 10-12 ( Great D Rack)

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie Italian

Services Provided : Nuru Massage - Prostate Massage

Value for money/recommend? : Expensive but good fun

My experience/comments :

Had wanted to try Nuru massage, so was in Melbourne so thought I would give it a go. Met Isabella. Very cute girl. Very sensual looking. Got undressed, showered and hit the inflatable nuru bed for what was a great little experience. Geez that nuru gel sure is slippery. Who needs Lube lol. 
Isabella showed me some tantra breathing and positions as well after the nuru. 

Once the nuru was done, she shoved her finger up my date and jerked my cock very sensually while she milked my prostate. I had a fantastic intense orgasm. I would definitely try it again.  Would actually like to try it in sydney. Seems like the same business has set up shop somehwere near the cbd.


Floor: #11
Post Time: 7th December 2013, 05:26 PM
Poster ID: monsa
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Have only been here once a while and saw Ashanti (?), a middle eastern girl.  Strikingly beautiful (at least to me), but as you say quite expensive and probably a b'day only treat for mine.


Floor: #12
Post Time: 28th December 2013, 03:42 PM
Poster ID: snoutmobile
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I once saw Ashanti. I took the full service option with nuru. It was very expensive - over $300.00. Complete waste of money. She is attractive but very cold. Very little personality and tells you what to do. Talks at you rather than to you. 

Started with a normal massage with me lying face down. 

Then went to a massage with naru get and me lying on my back. She was quite rough as she rubbed herself over me. 

Finished with full service but again this was rather rough.

Will not go back again.


Floor: #13
Post Time: 6th October 2014, 08:24 PM
Poster ID: antares01
Post Title: 
 Melbournes Erotic Day Spa
				
Post Content: 
New Name 

New website :- Melbournes PREMIER EROTIC DAY SPA

Promises "New System & New and Management in Place"

Looks like same prices and services.


Floor: #14
Post Time: 1st April 2015, 08:20 AM
Poster ID: Lustvader
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Never having experienced a nuru massage, I was eager to give it a go on my last day in Melbourne rather than just another RnT.  Saw Ishimpo's reviews here, checked out the fairly slick website, called and made a booking for an hour.  I was staying on the opposite end of town but decided a walk would be good exercise.  

Nearly an hour later I was ushered into the somewhat dingy establishment by a sub-continental lass.  She led me upstairs to a room and said my masseuse would be with me shortly.  I requested a quick visit to the little boys' room first.  It was on the ground floor, so back down we went and I spent my penny (didn't find any little boys though).  It's an old creaky place and I heard muffled voices and footsteps going up the stairs, presumably another punter.  When I emerged, all set to get nuru'ed, the girl was looking a bit concerned.  It appeared there had been a double booking: she had taken mine but the masseuse (whom I never saw) had taken another for the same time. There was only one ML on shift.  Could I come back in an hour?

Even if I didn't have a plane to catch I probably would have declined on principle.  A long walk back to my hotel and, of course, the heavens opened half-way and the rain washed the perspiration from my T-shirt.  At least I got my exercise.  So I'm still a nuru virgin.


Floor: #15
Post Time: 1st April 2015, 11:19 AM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by antares01


 ... New Name ... New website :- Melbournes PREMIER EROTIC DAY SPA ..
"""



Thank you Antares01.

Maybe they haven't finished their website yet because they are still using Ishimpo on their Google maps pin, ISHIMPO - Sensual and Erotic Bodywork in Melbourne


