Thread Title: Izumi massage - 350 Flinders St, Melbourne CBD - 03 9972 4161
Floor: #1
Post Time: 21st February 2015, 11:09 AM
Poster ID: Megamaid
Post Title: 
 Izumi massage - 350 Flinders St, Melbourne CBD - 03 9972 4161
				
Post Content: 
Switch surprise!

Person's Name: Susanna 
Establishment: Izumi massage

Date of Visit: Friday the 20th of February 2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink:
03 99724161
350 flinders st, Melbourne CBD. 
http://m.locanto.com.au/melbourne/ID...age-Today.html
350 flinders st 



Hours of Business: 10:30am-7:30pm, 7days (apparently the ad is wrong, they close at 7:30)

Rates: again, ad is misleading. I paid $75 for 45min. Maybe I look like a sucker

Age: late 20s

Size/shape :
Susanna. Size 8ish wore baggy clothes. Butt ugly face.
Surprise HJ girl: size 7. Smooooooking body, average face but cute. C cups. Couldn't tell if she paid for them, but they looked like real ones or a very good job. Didn't get to touch. 
Nationality or Ethnicity:
Susanna: chinese, northern.
Surprise HJ girl: I'd take a guess at jap, could be wrong. 

Services Provided: very average massage, hand relief. 

Value for money/recommend?: no/maybe

Essay:
In Melb for the night with a few hours to kill and figured I'd sample the local RnT scene. Seems to be much harder to source in Melb with raids etc. tried a few of the locanto places from previous reviews and had no luck getting anyone to answer the phone. I didn't have my punting mobile so I needed to use the hotel phone, suspect that it comes up as a private number.

Any Who They said could only do 45 because they close at 7:30. I hightailed it to the address given and was greeted by a rather cute little thing who asked if I was the guy who rang. Yep. Then she asked for the $75 for the 45min. I was expecting $65 but was happy to pay the extra for a session with this one. She shows me into the room and asked me to "take off" and "lie down".

I nude up and get face down on the table. After a few minutes I think she's returned, but then a different voice says: "how hard" mmmmm. I say "pretty hard" and the massage commences with a towel completely covering me. This is a bad sign. Anyway I get talking to the girl. Her name is Susanna, doing her mba and has been here for a couple of years. She's chatty enough but studiously avoiding MiniMaid. The hard massage eventually descends into her lightly rubbing my calf muscles for a few minutes. I can tell she's really not into this whole massage thing.  I nearly fall asleep and the bing, times up. She pops out to get the hot towels for a cleanup. Not even a turn over and no action in a 5cm radius around MiniMaid. 

Anyway. I'm cleaned up and she disappears without saying anything. And in pops the original girl, she says "everything ok?" And makes the sign I've been looking for. I readily  agree and the price is "cash only" $40 for HJ $60 for topless. I go the $60 and she takes her top off. Revealing an excellent rack and nice body. She keeps her itty bury shorts on and grabs the oil for the HJ. I'd like to say it was an awesome session but it was over way too quick. Her technique was outstanding using both hands on the rod and reel.

MiniMaid just cannot hold out for long and shoots his load everywhere. Awesome technical skills from this one. Stopping the rod action and Squeezing the base tight while I'm shooting. It's good.

She pops out to fetch another hot towel for the cleanup then leaves me to get dressed. 

All up it was rather expensive at $125 for the shitty 45min massage and HJ. But I guess if I was a regular to melb, more time with surprise girl would yield results.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 7th March 2015, 07:58 AM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
The Locanto ad,






Hot Asian Gorgeous Baby Sweet Professional Massage Today! - 22
Southbank

Hello Guys
A new Asian Girl Comes today! Try our new massage!
New Asian Girl Come Today !Don't miss this chance, a sweet cute girl!
ONLY $75 Dollars for one hour. Top & Hot Relaxation Massage!
Professional Japanese Massage Therapist ,TOP and FANTASTIC Massage service in CBD
Try our new Massage Girl for Top Relaxation Massage only $75.
PRIVATE Warm ROOMS
Japanese massage is a unique massage experience that will facilitate deep relaxation while wiping away your daily stresses. Your Treatment is enjoyed comfortably in loose fitted traditional clothing, which we provide for you here. Our Massage techniques incorporate stretching and pressure points over the entire body, releasing blocked energy and increases awareness and well-being.

Experience the difference? Relax your body!

Price From :

30min - - - $55

45min - - - $65

60min - - - $75


Address :

350 Flinder Street , MELBOURNE

Opening hour :

Mon - Fri : 10.30am - 8pm
Sat - Sun : 10.30am - 7pm

Call now and book on 9972 4161 !!
Location:
MELBOURNE CITY 3000, Australia


