Floor: #1
Post Time: 15th January 2015, 05:23 PM
Poster ID: gugugaga_tababa
Post Title: 
 Jasmine Thai massage & beauty therapy - 54 Howard St, North Melbourne - 0415 981 204 / 0402 608 301
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jess

Establishment : 54 Howard St, North Melbourne

Date of Visit : 2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : http://melbourne.locanto.com.au/ID_2...XY-AUSSIE.html

Hours of Business : 11-7

Rates : $80/hr + extra

Age : mid 20's

Size/shape : tall, fit, b cup

Nationality or Ethnicity : mixed aussie

Services Provided : hj

Value for money/recommend? : average

My experience/comments : 

Saw her ads a couple months ago, apparently there are 3 girls work at this place. Climbed the stairs and Jess came out from one of the rooms and quickly took me inside. 

Jess is not a pretty girl but she's very fun and easy to talk to. She has very fit body and she told me she does a lot of yoga etc. Her massage was okay, there was no tower covered so half way the session I told her it's fine to massage "everywhere" as a hint. She giggled and quickly went into teasing and a lot of ball play which I really enjoyed. 
We agreed a hj for 50, she told me she does nude hj for 80 but I didn't think there's much to see as she's quite slim. Her technique was good, slow and lots of ball play while stroking the big boy. She had a pretty smile while doing it, she seems to enjoy her job.

It was a pleasant experience but next time I will try out the other girls, I think there's a British girl too. 

Cheers


Floor: #2
Post Time: 30th May 2017, 12:40 AM
Poster ID: Goboy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Bella

Establishment : Jasmine Asia massage

Date of Visit : 28 May


Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 54 Howard street Nth Melbourne ,0415 981 204;  or 0402 608 301

Hours of Business : 10.am to 8 pm

Rates : $75 per hr 

Age :33 

Size/shape : slim good  looking sexy.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Taiwan 

Services Provided : HJ,body, slide, nude

Value for money/recommend? :yes 

My experience/comments : Been here a few times (3) testing the waters.
Onoccasion number 1 , I ended up with Bella after declining a late 30s ML of no appeal
.Subsequently went back again and got roped into a shocker when Bella was not working

On the first occasion with Bella , she did a hand job and said she could not remove her gear on that particular day , but would do so next week.
So I went back again a week later  for what ever could be encouraged to do.

She is quite good looking in a night club sexy way .Slender Long black hair and a fringe just above the eyes
She wear tight black  leggings,with designer holes etc  and thigh high James Bond style black boots She  dresses in black.She looks the part.A bit of James Bond girl here.
She only works Sunday.

I lay down star  fish for 1 hr booking.
Her massage is just passable but she does focus on the crack and date

I ask what she can do and that I would like it all.
She said HJ and body slide ,so I agreed that.

 .She removes her gear and then says another $50 on the flip ( she has my $25 change) so it's $75 extra all up,

She peals off to reveal a very nice body ,Quite neat ,small boobs ,white firm smooth silky skin .

First off she asks if I would like to massage her .Sure be good .When she lies down down I think her shape is not quite as perfect as it looked ,slightly thick at the waist and short legs .Heh but who is complaining ,not me .

I massage her front ,and she likes boob  being massaged and boob sucks .giving the kat  a good stroking  is very appreciated too 
She moans when I do that 

.Turn her over to show a very silky arse which she also likes stroked  and sliding of hand under .

Off the table ,my turn.I get the feeling  that a light body slide is her limit .
There is no encouragement for more.However on this first gear off day ,I don't ask for more .

She puts in a lot of time and effort on the HJ ,rubbing her boobs over mini me and moving from single hand to double and a variety of style .The result for me was A1.
She is no clock watcher either .

However even though this is one very good looking sexy woman I may not return in a hurry mainly because she is a little disconnected and distant as she goes about things.
She is business like ,with a smile.

I doubt that the others at the shop are much  good in the looks department

Worth having a look in, not over priced .Bathroom/ shower pretty ordinary

Goboy


