Thread Title: Lavender Massage 497 Flinders lane melbourne
Floor: #1
Post Time: 29th April 2018, 08:46 AM
Poster ID: Goboy
Post Title: 
 Lavender Massage 497 Flinders lane melbourne
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Amy and Anna

Establishment : Lavender Massage 497 Flinders Lane Melbourne

Date of Visit : 26 and 27 April  

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 497 Flinders lane Melbourne 

Hours of Business : 10am to mid-night and to 1am Thurs to Saturday

Rates : $80 per hr $50'half hr

Age : both 25-27 yrs

Size/shape : slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese (Ada) Viet (Anna)

Services Provided : HJ and n 

Value for money/recommend? : maybe

My experience/comments: 
Wandering down Flinders lane on Thursday and a NEW shop caught my eye .openned about a month.
it is in the ground floor entrance to a travel hotel so it is reasonable discreet , if you are quick.

What was of interest is the very late closures on the door (midnight and 1 am) 

I thought that might indicate positive action.

Looked in and a plain Chinese girl on reception in a fancy euro style reception area . I could not see any one else.
She said they had been open a month and are not related to the other "lavender" branded shops.

I called back that evening about 9pm 

Ada( different receptionist) is on the counter and said no one else free so I took her for an hour 

She is not overly attractive .Has the look of a shop girl in grey uniform style dress 

I strip off and lie down without towel She comes in and runs fingers over bum , a good sign.

Her massage of my back is not bad ,firm and into the muscles .A little touching of the boys

On the flip she is straight into business $50 for HJ nothing else . I try to temp her to nude. "Not tonight"

Her HJ is perfunctory and I am thinking she will not do it for me.

So. I ask her if I can extend for a half hour with someone else "Sure no problem"
$50'paid to her plus her HJ fee for a no conclusion. ouch 

In comes Anna pretty ,she is 27 slim long hair . Big smile an sexy allure

I am lying on back half mast "nice ,a big one"she says as she runs her hand over junior.

She kisses my neck (hmm I think ,this is better) Very friendly I ask cost $50 for HJ $80 for nude 

I have only $55 left bugger , and she won't budge .She strokes arounnd neck and face and little kisses to the ear .  She gives me the nicest HJ slow and unhurried ,lots of caressing and over the line easily. 

She tells me she only works Thusday and Friday She indicates there might be some BJ on to the extent that she responds " maybe I could lick and kiss there" not quite telling me what is on offer.

Come Friday  I return cashed up for an hour with her .When I come in she is resting in a side  room with a tall slim girl( attractive).Tall girl looks a bit legit but nice smile.

Into  the room ,strip off .in comes Anna.big smile ,very welcoming .Straight to the point by me.
$80 for nude 
Ii indicate I would like all that she can do an put $100 on the table . 

She strips off off but leaves her pants on "I say not nude" She says she is shy. I am thinking maybe time of the month .I am sliding hands around a very nice bum but she will not allow much more at all and is constantly pulling up her pants even for some bum stroking  .She is loosing her enthusiasm and I don't feel this is going anywhere Maybe I have crossed her line
Her massage of legs and chest is very perfunctory too and she is off in a detated world 

I am feeling better out of here so I wrap it up at 45 min mark 

She hot towels me then wants to dress me which she does slowly and with warmth She wants a repeat customer .pitty she was not more into it at the critical time 


She finishes with a light kiss .i try to keep it light hearted with her and plenty of smiles but the session this night is in truth a bit of a waste and dud
i don't think there is anything more on offer with the two girls I have tried


The place is clean and well furnished ,in room showers ,and great hours in a moderatly discreet entrance 
if you are quick), except at the moment no hot water so no shower,

Also the room was a bit cold and on my second visit Anna did not warm me up

i would not return for Ada and Anna needs a change of attitude (slightly) Maybe on the second occasion I caught her a bit out of it

Goboy


Floor: #2
Post Time: 5th May 2018, 10:05 AM
Poster ID: Goboy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Candy

Establishment : Lavander massage

Date of Visit : 2 and 3 May

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : as above 497 Flinders lane

Hours of Business : mid night and 1 am on weekends 

Rates : $85 hour in the evening $50 half hour 

Age : early twenties

Size/shape :nicely solid 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Viet

Services Provided : n HJ

Value for money/recommend? : yes 

My experience/comments : Saw 'this lady twice during the week .not bad  at all , good massage.

Dropped by about 9 pm weekday eve . Street is quiet and relatively discreet in the night .
It has a shared entrance to a small travelers hotel near King Street in Flinders lane .It is a new setup.

I had seen Anna  on previous visits ( two visits) who promised much with a lot of fake moaning and facial expressions .
,but didn't deliver anymore than a nude hj and on my second visit the moaning and hip thrusts against the table during HJ had switched right off)

So I asked reception who was on ( not knowing any names anyway) She can see me peering over her shoulder trying to get a glimpse of which girls are on in the adjoining girls sit down area and as I am hesitant and maybe going  she decides to produce one for my inspection.

Out pops Candy.She is slightly voluptuous.Very short denim shorts (a nice bum hanging out) and what wears appears to indicate very substantial tits . Nice face ,long hair happy grin. Looks very promising.

I take an hour. Room is good (although hot water still not fixed) .Strip off and lie down starkers ( isn't it funny that girls no longer expect towel cover)

In come Candy .English is reasonable.She is here one year and "studying English" as everyone does .

She asks the usual.Medium massage.Her massage is fast and very firm. Her skills in fact are quite good A lot of care and system Good pressure.

 We flip at half hour I had given her a little encouragement by touching her nice arse during back massage and she had responded with sac and crack tickles and strokes , so on the flip we were straight to the point.

$50 for clothes HJ $80 for nude , " no don't do bj or anything else" Bugger.

She takes off her gear and reveals a slightly solid bod but very nice.The tits are smaller than on display in reception , the wonders of a push up bra, but ok .

I compliment her on her firm solid arse(it is quite nice ) 

"You like my bum?"  " I sure do" 

Then she bends over ,pushing her bum right out , whilst hand on junior and starts a little dance ,shaking her bum near my face and a lot of laughter .ii She is a fun girl . 

I have to teach her a little about a HJ as she is somewhat vigourous at first ,but she then settles  into a caressing pace which  is very enjoyable .

She bends over junior pretending a bj from a short distance pretend bj ,but no comfort there .
Plenty of arse and puss access ( she lifts her leg to facilitate , stroking on outside mainlynfrom me althoupgh a little date and lips access ) 
She takes 20 mins or so with HJ and front massage and brings me over the line very nicely. 

Pay her  $80is transacted at the post dress stage . She wants to dress me and does , slowly and a little seductively pretend kisses etc.

I am thinking after the event , quite happy , out in the deserted night air , that maybe she is just getting to know me  ( because as she has explained she doesn't do this for everyone but I am nice man special for me  LOL)  that maybe there is more on offer on a further visit , so following night , I ring and book her .

I arrive about 10 she is still in a booking and I take a seat in reception .
A few guys come in and go . Sorry no one available.

She comes out in 5 and ushers me in to an adjoining massage  room so her customer can go without view, cleans room and I am moved back to her same room.

I have been observing the girls coming and going.Nothing  participularly exciting.Conservative dresses etc.

She comes in and I suggest straighti into front massage " No , I want to relax you first" , so we are starting on back.
Once again a very good back massage and the flip is earlier tonight .

She asks if same as last night ? I say I would like all she can do .

So it's off with the clothes and on to junior.I try to encourage a bj .
Cheeky smile from her but no " no cant do that". 

Tonight she puts a chair against the door and is conscious of the  door .  
( different boss on reception) so maybe limits in this shop.

All the way I can hear gales of young woman smothered giggles from the room next door and hushed discussion from the girl I had seen and discounted on demeanor when I sat in reception.
I remind myself to see if I can have a further look at her when I am going.


Tonight's session with Candy is a repeat of last night .
Massage is very good flip just a repeat.
 Over the line and nice caring dress and conversation . I pay her her $80 .Sheis very happy .kiss good night.

A good woman,  not sure if I would be running back for her straight away tough ( been there) but recommend  her.

I might try some of the others I got the feeling the girls work a few nights each as wth Anna .

Candy however does 6 night (Thursday off) and days on the weekend.

This shop is not Luna Park (it is not a rollicking Station  st Moorabbin of old) but it has late night convenience ,quiet st in the night with reasonable discrete entry ,and is clean (albeit no hot shower yet fixed , hot towels though)
It is a reasonable punt
Goboy


Floor: #3
Post Time: 5th May 2018, 07:19 PM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Goboy, i don't think many punters expect much more than a nude hj nowadays, we have accepted a watered down service from these places for so long now.  Still enjoy reading these sorts of reviews though.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 5th May 2018, 10:02 PM
Poster ID: WOTAN01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
You need to come up north then, no such assumptions up here.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 1st June 2018, 10:56 AM
Poster ID: cbder
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Walking past yesterday I noticed the big white Prohibited Brothel sign on the door. Was still open though.


