Thread Title: Lemongrass -9 Park St Sth Melbourne - 0499 827 275
Floor: #1
Post Time: 24th December 2018, 11:28 AM
Poster ID: Goboy
Post Title: 
 Lemongrass -9 Park St Sth Melbourne - 0499 827 275
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name :Natcha 

Establishment : Lemongrass 9 Park St STh Melbourne.0499827275

Date of Visit : 23 Dec

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : above

Phone :above

Hours of Business : 10- 10 and 11pm

Rates : $65 per hr

Age : 24 

Size/shape :slender 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : massage

Value for money/recommend? :maybe 

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

This place is right next to  Cherrytree brothel and they just about share an entrance .
The owner is a big chested Thai lady with lots of plastic face work She wears leopard skin very high heals and falls out of her dress At first I thought she might be a trannie but now I don't think so .(still now sure She is so "over the top")
She massaged me at 10.30 pm one night and not a sign of an extra .

I went back and 2 very cute slender young things on duty ( Min and Natcha) and the boss hovering with lots of her best smiles.
Natcha did the honors She is about 5ft 2 and pretty with long brown dyed hair.
I took an hour as it was already late . Her massage skills are good but , like the boss, no signs of extras.

I flipped and  we openned the discussion on extras by me introducing the possible number of guys coming or going from the Cherrytree .She said lot assume that all is on offer here and it is associated ,but she said they don't do it 
She told me one guy worked up an offer to her $200 for a HJ the other night and she refused 
I thought she was testing the waters with me ,but as time went on I think she did not do extras. 
She  told me she works in Yarraville too ( where the girls do extras) but she doesn't do so  there either,
I made it plain that I would like and pay for them but even though a quiet day ,the answer was I don't do.
i suspect that is the house rules for this place.
One can always drop in next door for desert.
Goboy


