Thread Title: Lilly Massage - St Kilda - 0420 666 228
Floor: #1
Post Time: 22nd December 2016, 07:32 AM
Poster ID: Goboy
Post Title: 
 Lilly Massage - St Kilda - 0420 666 228
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Candy and Amy

Establishment : Lilly Massage 

Date of Visit : 21 December

Details/Address/Weblink :268 St kilda rd St Kilda http://melbourne.locanto.com.au/ID_1...-St-Kilda.html

Hours of Business :10- 10 i

Rates : $60 45min plus

Age : 22 and 30

Size/shape :medium 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese and Korean

Services Provided : HJ

Value for money/recommend? : No way

My experience/comments : I was down in Moorabbin and stuck my head in the door of that old haunt Station st .They now close at 8pm , so no go.A viet lady about 30 in a cut away singlet .She said staff are Thai as well.i will  give it a return to see.

So into car back down the highway.Before you hit St Kilda junction are 2 massage shops near Inkerman Street which caught my eye in the group of small old shops.

I looked into one called "Bayside" at number 268 St K? Rd.  .Older Aussie woman on the desk told me a football team of nationalities ( she realed off about 10) they had on.In fact it seemed very quiet , so I suspect a couple of girls and I thought this is one big time BS 
You could not see or hear any one at all ,to gauge the talent, so I walked a few doors to number 268 St K.rd. Big mistake.

This place looked dodgy from the outside A very big hand written sign on the window "Lilly Massage" ,but maybe something on offer.

i go in to be met by an older mamasan who looked Chinese .She is all over me , stroking my arms and all sleazy smiles "Darling we have pretty girls , very good for you do good job "

I really just wanted a good massage as I was feeling exhausted after the 2nd last work day .

She points out 2 girls sitting round the corner .One is very tall with glasses (Candy) from China (she said , but have my doubts maybe a Korean) about 22 , the other short and thicker set (Amy ) from Korea.
Mamasan tries to sell me Amy , but I select Candy.Big mistake.

I pay the gate fee of $60'for 45 mins ($50 half hr).Room is small ,basic , clean towels.

I strip off ,no cover. Candy comes in.English is very limited. Says this is her 3rd day. Oh well let's see wat she is up to.

She starts the worst massage I have ever had. No clue at all. She pokes her figures about 1 inch movement at a time.WTF .i ask who taught her and has she done before " I teach me" Shit.It is so terrible I can't describe. I think she must be here for something, certainly not as massage , so I push on.

She then goes on about some guy she met on first day.did I know him ? Etc Could not shut up the inanity.
is he my friend.Did he refer me? 
i ask if she does anything else.She says she she would do what she did " for friend" but I have to tell her what he told me she did , before she you'd do ( this is true)
I ask if she takes off clothes "no" And don't touch my bum"( hers ) WTF Total waste of time.

So I ask if I can see Amy at the 20 min mark .She is not pleased .She goes out and big loud  yabba  in the hallway Eventually Amy comes in " So you want HJ? " she indicates straight up ( as though that was an issue with Candy)
No I just want a massage (Amy is taciturn, no smiles, grumpy , uninviting discontent) Also not happy.

She starts into into a surface sliding very light touch " massage" if you could call it that , no smiles , no humor.

Eventually she starts light skimming of junior so I say ok for $20 She is not too bad at this , but that is about all I could say for her.
Meanwhile mamasan is trying to sell 2 blow-in guys victims in very load fish wife voice,who look and leave.Smarter than me.

Amy  gets me over the line , hot towel and leave. Thank  god.

All up $80 for what would be my worst punting experience in recent years. Totally clueless opportunists,with absolutely no professional knowledge and certainly no skill whatsoever 
i think they have just set up this pop up shop to see what money they can skim from passers by. They certainly have never been taught any semblance of massage 

Avoid big time.Yuk.

Goboy


Floor: #2
Post Time: 22nd December 2016, 09:48 AM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Candy has glasses and is tall, that is a major turn on for me.  I would never apply for a job i did not feel i had the qualifications for, that's just me.  I suppose if your desperate for money you will lie to get that job, but in this case, the boss knows there not qualified for the job, so the whole scene here is a joke.   Im spending a few days down st.kilda beach over weekend, i just have to check this place out lol


Floor: #3
Post Time: 24th December 2016, 08:11 PM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I popped in here as planned at 11.30am this sat. The front window now has a picture of a man getting a blissful massage. 10am till 10pm.  The reception area is 2 metres by 2 metres, and i sat on a chair in that area. I was able to see down the hall, i saw an older asian lady and she was wearing only white undies and a bra in the kitchen area. She laughed when she knew i was in the reception and whipped her dress on.   She came down and told me we have a young girl on today named Amy.  But she was not there 90 mins after opening time.  I really wanted to meet tall Candy, both from china Lily said.  But Candy back next week, and Amy 2 mins away.  The interior of the shop is quite good, white walls red carpet, 4 rooms with numbers 1 6 8 and 9.  Lily got the numbers from the hardware store.

After waiting for 5 mins and listening to Lily on the phone to Amy down in the kitchen, then no chat for a few mins, i left Lily and her late for work band of girls. Lily followed me out, and looked around for her 1st girl to turn up. Quite funny to be honest.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 4th January 2017, 09:00 PM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I sent Lily a text around 10.30am today, while at the beach asking when" tall candy is working again", and im still waiting for a reply lol


Floor: #5
Post Time: 30th July 2017, 07:49 PM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: 
 Sugar-she's a cutie
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sugar

Establishment : Lily massage- card says Massage deep tissue & relaxation

Date of Visit : sunday 30/7/2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 268 St.kilda rd St.kilda 0420666228

Hours of Business : 10am till 10pm

Rates : 50$ 30 mins, plus 50 extra

Age : 19

Size/shape : Size 8-10 Hairy puddy, a-cups behind bra. 5 foot 3

Nationality or Ethnicity : Korea- but majoring in Chinese studies.

Services Provided : Semi nude hj and exchange massage's

Value for money/recommend? : In today's times yes.

My experience/comments : Passed this place in a day of rnt pop in madness. On my way back from the west, popped in have planned to since st.kilda beach went into hybernation for the winter .Has had a negative review but hey it's open till 10pm, that's rare nowadays.  The receptionist seems very nutty.I think it was Lucy. Excitedly told me 3 girls on, 1 going into booking, she stood at back of shop, leaning over sink, exposing undies under a provocative black dress.  The 2nd girl was asked to get up from under a doona cover down the back.Was watching a movie on a ipad.  What a young cutie she was. Blue dress,almost like a nighty,  looked like an oppshop purchase, just short of her knees, bright red lippy on,round small button nose, and long black wavy hair.  I was tempted, then met an early 20's asian girl wearing a black dress, she had a cheeky smile.  I told receptionist i would go,there was conversation in mandarin between the cutie and boss, made me wonder if she was really korean.

I left but was back within 2 mins.  I have never stayed with a young korean this age before, and she confirmed straight away she was a chinese major student, as she took my 50$ for 30 mins.  Sugar used a fair amount of there cheap baby oil, on my back, doing a fairly hard massage.  It wasn't long before i asked what extra's they do here, but it was met with a bit of laughter and no real confirmed response.  More oil on the lower legs, i had a hankering to massage this girl, asked the question, and it was met with " maybe later".    Not long after i asked for soft, and she responded with medium then soft.  It alternated a little, some light tickling over the ass cheeks,the inside legs, then back to medium,it was quite interesting.

When she relented to my wants to massage her, she agreed to 50$.  She has no rolls in the stomach area, but is slightly cuddly. She was happy to pull up her dress, so i could massage her . I mainly worked on her inside legs, then a little tickle in between her girly blue undies. Turned her over and did her legs, well built would be a good description.  I asked if i could take her undies off, and she had no problem with that, i thought more money, but nothing was mentioned. I had none left anyways. She told me i could touch, but not inside, so i rubbed her inside legs, but i felt as she was so young, i would not touch her hairy puddy.  When she turned onto her guts, i was in awe of her beautiful long ass crack.  Such a womanly build for someone so young.  As i massaged her legs, she opened them up, and the sight of her "i assume" not overly used vagina was really nice.

She wanted to get me off, asked me to get back on table, she still had her dress on, and told me i could touch.  Sugar had me very confused, she seemed very shy and innocent, so i was surprised  by her invite.  She asked if i wanted her dress off, i agreed, and still no upgrade on price.The  black bra containing a-cups stayed on. She grabbed the baby oil, and commenced a fairly sloppy hj, massaging the balls and the penis.  I asked if she would get up on table so i could "have a look", she got up but more with her lovely ass pointing sideways, and the sight of her bushy pussy and cute face, was enough to get me over the line.

Sugar was out the door soon after she dressed, got a very hot towel, did what she needed to do, then placed a towel over me, and continued a hard massage for the next 3 minutes.  She is a very alluring young girl to be honest.  As i write this, i will most likely see her again.  She works only Sundays here she said.Has been doing this for a month.  As i left i felt i had met the receptionist may times before.  She was not so sure.   Me telling people to stay away from expensive rnt's is like the women who berates a young couple for giving in to there lustful ways, then goes about in private using a vibrator on herself.  

If you like em young, this girl is a must see.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 16th December 2017, 02:33 PM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I popped in today on way to beach.Sugar is back here, she was on this Saturday, with another young girl half jap/chinese who was also attractive looking.  Sugar is 19 the other one looked as young.  This shop is gaining more interest after a review on another site.  The guy stayed with a young girl who was a bit chubby, he asked her to give him suck, and she just did what he asked and he achieved cim.No extra was asked for he said. He did not recall her name though, and when pressed did confirm it did happen. It was a totally unexpected thing, so for punters who like to see if they can get a bit more, this shop may be for you. There seems to be some growth in younger girls here now.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 30th November 2019, 12:18 PM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Drove past this shop last Sunday multiple times in a work capacity, and felt the shop had closed, until later on when it got dark, the neon light started flashing.


