Floor: #1
Post Time: 29th December 2016, 04:48 PM
Poster ID: johnny101
Post Title: 
 Linda, Love Thai Hand Massage: 8589 5960 / 0421 815 622
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Linda

Establishment : Love Thai Hand Massage, 133 Burnley St Richmond

Date of Visit : Thursday 29 December mid-afternoon

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 8589 5960
http://melbourne.locanto.com.au/ID_9...-Massage.html;

They also have their own web-site, suggesting they are mostly legit:
Love Thai Hand, Richmond

Hours of Business : 11:00 am to varies depending on the day of the week

Rates : $45 30 mins massage + $30 clothed HJ

Age : 21

Size/shape : Petite but still shapes in the right places

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Massage & clothed HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : 

It was as hot as Bangkok outside so I thought I would try a Thai massage for a change from Chinese/Taiwanese.  Searched Locanto and found this place.  I rang in advance and told massage was $45 for 30 mins.  Sometimes Thai places are strictly legit and don't provide extras.  So I asked if they did.  The Mamasan told me she could not discuss it over the phone, which I interpreted as a positive sign (otherwise she would have answered "No").

I drove on down.  It is a typical glazed fronted Thai massage shop about 1 km south of Victoria Gardens in a small strip shopping centre.  Door was slightly ajar so I walked in. It was typical in layout comprising front reception desk and a passageway leading to a number of sliding door cubicles and a back room for the staff.  There seemed to be no other punters there so it's a bit hard to tell if the cubicles are noise-proofed.

The Mamasan greeted me.  She was largish and not very attractive, but very pleasant.  

"Massagie?" she asked.

"Yes please," I replied.

"$45".

Before handing over the money I enquired how many girls were working.

"Two girls today," came the reply "Or I can do for you, darlink".

"No thanks, I'll try one of the other girls", I quickly responded as I handed over the money.

"Ok, no problem darlink."

She showed me to the second room and told me to undress, which I did. The room was unremarkable and typical in size and set up. It wasn't air-conditioned but there was a fan which was blowing away.

A short time later Linda arrived.  Like many Thais she was very dark in skin colour but with brown rather than black hair.  She was very attractive - very nice smiley face, a small body, a reasonable bum and unlike many small Thai women, a decent pair of tits.

Linda gave me an oily massage of my shoulders, back and legs. No brushes, just legit.   She told me she was 21, came from Bangkok and had been in Melbourne about 1 year.

There was playing in the background what I would call  Thai elevator music and Linda was quietly singing along to it in Thai as she massaged me, which was really nice because she had a sweet singing voice.

After about 15 minutes she told me to wait and she left the room. She returned a short time later with a bucket of cold water and a towel and used the wet towel to wipe away the oil, which was nice on a very hot day.

Linda then asked me to turn over.  There had been no suggestion of anything on offer so I thought I better ask before time ran out.

"Special massage?" I asked.

Linda pointed at my cock and said "Here?".  I nodded.

"30" came the answer.  I wasn't about to bargain because I felt that was all that would be on offer.  

"Okay" I answered.  Linda oiled me up and proceeded to give a good HJ. I put my hand on her clothed bum as she worked away at my cock. A couple of times I tried to put my hand under her skirt on her bum and she pulled away.  This suggests that nothing more than a clothed HJ is on offer, but I did not ask for more so I might be wrong. I exploded about 5 mins later.

Linda cleaned me up thoroughly with tissues and then the wet towel.  With 5 minutes left on the clock she used the wet towel to massage my feet as she sung and hummed along to the Thai elevator music.  A tickle of the underside of my foot and a laugh heralded time was up.

I dressed and Linda saw me to reception.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 30th December 2016, 01:11 PM
Poster ID: johnny101
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hi Mods
I put this in the wrong spot - It should be in Melbourne Central.
Also the phone no in the text is wrong. The correct no is in the heading.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 16th July 2017, 01:37 PM
Poster ID: Frontloader
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Cathy

Establishment : Love Thai Hand Massage

Date of Visit : july 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 133 Burnley st, Richmond, VIC - ph. 0421 815 622
http://melbourne.locanto.com.au/ID_1...sage-Shop.html

Hours of Business : 10:30am - 8pm

Rates : $55 for 45 min

Age : 40'ish

Size/shape : size 8, thin, A-B cupper, nice shape, flat tummy, little arse with G String, tanned skin. Quite pretty IMO.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Vietnamese

Services Provided : HJ $30 extra

Value for money/recommend? : yes

My experience/comments : It was a cold Sat afternoon when I was driving down Burnley St, north of Bridge Rd, when I spotted this place. Decided I would give it a crack. Parking is a little difficult and had to park  block or so away. Into the shop and was met by an older smiling ML whose name was Cathy. Asked for 45 min at $55. Into room 2 down the corrodor. From the outside the walls don't go to the ceiling but I was pleasantly surprised on entering that that the room had a low level ceiling so the acoustics were quieter. The room was clean and well presented, though a bit on the small size. Towel on the table was inspected and given the all clear.

Cathy, as it turn out is Vietnamese and not Thai as I was expecting. No matter. Changed etc, and Cathy's massage is quite competent but slightly on the lighter size of medium, none the less the massage was quite stimulating even though there weren't any accidental touches of the baggage. She didn't mind a little touching of her leg, arse and pussy from the outside as she made her way around the table. 30 minutes in, exactly, she wet for a hot towel and cleanup and then had me flip. Nice sensual touch of the chest, stomach and legs had me hard and Cathy asked if I wanted extra and begins to run her had over my cock. She said no to top off and nude. Her technique was fantastic with just enough pressure and movement. Some of the younger one's should take a leaf out of this old birds book. Good eye contact and cock whorshipping from Cathy had me drop my load over her hands and me. Nice attentive clean up, nice chat and finished with a chest massage 5 minutes over time. No shower in this shop. I believe Cathy works Sat and at least on one other day at this shop.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 7th April 2018, 08:19 PM
Poster ID: Frontloader
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Mindy

Establishment : Love Thai Hand, 133 Burnley St, Burnley - 0421 815 622

Date of Visit : April 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : http://melbourne.locanto.com.au/ID_1...sage-Shop.html

Hours of Business : 10 am - 8 pm

Rates : $65 / hr

Age : 30

Size/shape : Size 12-14,, reasonably solid, bit of round tummy, B+ boobs, pleasant face, rectangular glasses, black strainght heir to shoulders, 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Vietnamese

Services Provided : Massage and HJ, limited touching

Value for money/recommend? : Mmmm. ok

My experience/comments : met Mindy at the back entrance and into room, 1 hr. Mindy is wearing a short tight dress with plunging neck to show off her boobs. She is a bit flirty and has a happy persona, which is nice, and commences a good massage during which there is a decent amount of tackle tickle and ball rubbing while I'm face down. She seems to rush the back and legs which is completed in 20 minutes, but it is decent. Flip and a bit of tummy rub (raging boner on show) and moves down to legs and feet (boner disappears). Back to the groin and tummy and it's back again. I have taken the opportunity during all of this to entertain myself by rubbing her butt and pussy thru the shorts she is wearing under her dress (= protection from me). She brings up the HJ with 20 minutes to go and says its extra but no price discussed. Commences a wonderful slow and skillful HJ while I tug at her shorts, which she removes, and she lowers her panties. Some limited access to kitty but she made the angle difficult. She is pretty good at the HJ and I erupt. Not deterred she continues to milk me for another few minutes before the final clean up. I expecta little more to be on offer on repeat visits (maybe)

Rooms are clean and well very presented with a sink in each room and clean towels. A bit more upmarket compared to come in thearea. No shower.
I might return for others.

Note that this shop as been taken over by the crew at 300 Bell St.Heidelberg. Old staff gone, now new staff. The girls I saw were around the 30 mark.


