Thread Title: LUX Day Spa - 350 Flinders St. - 03 9972 4161
Floor: #1
Post Time: 21st April 2015, 10:54 AM
Poster ID: caesar13
Post Title: 
 LUX Day Spa - 350 Flinders St. - 03 9972 4161
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Ruby

Establishment : Lux Day Spa (was Izumi)

Date of Visit : mid April 2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : http://melbourne.locanto.com.au/ID_3...A-OPENING.html

Hours of Business : 10:30am - 8pm

Rates : $65 for 45 min. + $35 for HJ (normally $40)

Age : mid 20's

Size/shape : Big. Maybe size 20.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : RNT

Value for money/recommend? : Better out there

My experience/comments : 

Saw this ad on Locanto recently and recognised the address being the same as the old Izumi. Since the ad went into detail describing each of the girls, I thought more might be on offer compared to the old place, so thought I'd give it a go and write it up.

Wandered in and was greeted by Ruby. Pleasant looking and quite large. Ushered me into the room and gave me a box for my clothes. There was no box of tissues anywhere in sight which I took to be a bad sign. Anyway, got the gear off and jumped on the table. Ruby came back in and started a pretty decent massage. Went down the bum a fair bit but not enough to suggest anything else was on offer.

Then she moved down to the legs with plenty of working on the inner thighs. Couple of very light brushes of the tackle but I was still not convinced anything was going to happen.

Finished the back massage, and got the hot towel to clean me up (she used a LOT of oil - too much). Went the flip and she started on my legs. Didn't avoid the pole which was now flying at half mast so I just lid back and waited for the nod which came in the next few mins. She asked me how much I paid past time (I told her I was there before). I said $30. She screws up her face and said it was normally $40. Since I gave her $100 at the start I told her she could just keep the change. I didn't bother asking her to nude up.

Tug technique was ok. Fairly slow, but she moved away when I tried to grab her ass. Not much personality and went through the motions. It was enough anyway.

So I'll probably be back to see what the other girls are like. Like most places, the quality of the service is more to do with the girl you get than the venue.

WIR: Yes, but for a different girl.


