Floor: #1
Post Time: 5th September 2014, 09:08 AM
Poster ID: caesar13
Post Title: 
 Lvl 1 183 Elizabeth St, Melbourne - 03 8395 0459 / 0403 157 182
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Cindy?

Establishment : Level 1, 183 Elizabeth St.

Date of Visit : 18/08/2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0403 157 182 /  New-Massage-Parlour-opening-at-Melbourne-CBD 

Hours of Business : 10.00am - ???

Rates : $70/hr

Age : ~40

Size/shape : 12

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Sensual massage + extras 

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : Interesting experience this one. I saw the ad on Locanto and thought there was a fair chance it was a RNT. Wandered in mid morning. The place WAS new. There was a dude their still painting things and putting up signs. When I wandered to the front desk, he walks over and asks what I want. Normally when I go into one of these places I'm always weighing up plusses and minuses about whather or not I'll see some action. Dude at the front desk was definitely a minus. But wth I think. I'm here anyway, maybe there's a hottie behind door number 1. I always start with a 30 minute massage at a new place just in case. He shows me to the room which still has bits of furniture and shelves on the floor, but the table looked nice and new as did the towels. He tells me to undress and he leaves the room. I strip down to my boxers at this stage, not knowing who's gunna walk in and what sort of message I want to give them. Next thing, the DUDE walks back in. WTF. I tell him um.. I was expecting, you know.. a chick? He goes "ahh ok I'll go ask" and disappears. Right now I'm down to about 1% chance of this turning out well. Anyway I lie down and leave the shorts on and resign myself to just a massage and nothing else.

Then a woman walks in. Maybe 40, a bit plump but pleasant enough. She chats a bit and then starts the massage, which was really good. Pulls the jocks down a bit to get to the ass but leaves them on. Ok, so this will be a good massage and I'll just relax. So then she gets to the legs, and pulls the bottoms of the boxers up high as they do. She's struggling to get them where she wants and then asks me to take them off.. ok, this just took a turn for the better. Leg massage and yes.. there it is, a bit of a brush on the tackle. And again. I think this may turn out ok after all. Flip comes soon after and then the universal "do you want a tug" sign. I ask how much, she hold 5 fingers up. I laughed. No way lady. She hold up 3 fingers. Yeah that's about right, please proceed. Tug was pretty good, especially after not expecting anything. She cleans me up and then tells me to come back for longer next time.

Maybe I will.


Locanto Ad:











New Open at Level 1, 183 Elizabeth Street, Melbourne! We are just opposite to the H&M and next to the Bank of Melbourne. 

Upon celebrating the Grand Opening, we are giving off special gift vouchers for our clients and visitors, just ask at the reception ^_^

We do Relaxation Massage, Deep Tissue Remedial Massage, Foot Massage, Shiatsu [Appointment Only] and Thai Massages. Our Therapists are dedicated in giving you the best massages of Melbourne!

Come and see us at Level 1, 183 Elizabeth Street, Melbourne. All rooms have electric blanket heating and fully heated warmed.

Walk-in & Bookings welcomed, Please Call [03] 8395-0459 /// 0403 157 182


Floor: #2
Post Time: 5th September 2014, 09:12 AM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I wish this new business all the best in there efforts to make a mint


