Floor: #1
Post Time: 29th October 2015, 08:52 AM
Poster ID: gugugaga_tababa
Post Title: 
 Massage Heaven - 2/166 Church St, Richmond 0410 999 007
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Dora

Establishment : Massage Heaven

Date of Visit : October 

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 2/166 Church St, Richmond 
http://melbourne.locanto.com.au/ID_5...y-massage.html

Hours of Business : 10am - 8pm

Rates : $50 for 30 minutes + extra

Age : Early 20's

Size/shape : Slim, B cup 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Taiwanese 

Services Provided : Nude RNT

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments :

Passed this place many times, finally decided to try it out last week. Was greeted by a cute asian girl, slim body and nice face. Paid for half an hour and was lead into the first room. Man this place is small, there are only two rooms and my room was right next to the reception. The place is a bit run down but at least the table and the tower are clean. 
Asked for a soft massage, Dora did a great job! Light and sensual, she knew what she's doing. After a nice tease at the butt, I flipped and asked the question. She offered 100 for a nude massage with hj, was pricey but she's just my type so I went for it. Dora is quite skinny but she's got some nice perky tits just the right size and shape, nice bush down under also. She started nice and slow with the boy, she's really shy but gave a nice smile when I played with her body. She wouldn't mind touching and sucking her titis, and allowed some light touch in between her legs. It was a great GFE and gave her a big blow which she got quite a shock. 
Overall it was a good experience with a cute young asian girl, might try the other girl next time as she gave me a wink when I met her at the reception.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 29th October 2015, 08:31 PM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
At 100$ for doras extras, other preferred but thanks for the review.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 22nd December 2016, 03:22 PM
Poster ID: Chichi Big Dog
Post Title: 
 massage heaven
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : RITA

Establishment : MASSAGE HEAVEN

Date of Visit :  22/12/2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 2/166 CHURCH ST, RICHMOND 0410 999 007

Hours of Business : 11AM- LATE

Rates : $50 1/2 HR

Age : 24

Size/shape : SIZE 8. GREAT BODY

Nationality or Ethnicity : TWAINESE

Services Provided : HJ

Value for money/recommend? : YES

My experience/comments : Hi guys. I was driving along church st today when i spotted this beautiful lady opening the massage shop.I go to Richmond often and i have noticed place and always wondered what it was like. I was about to find out. After seeing this lady i said to myself "that it im going in". So parked the car across the road,paid the meter and in i went. Well i wasn't dissapointed and i said hi. Rita responds 1/2 hr massage, yes please. Handed over $50 and i was lead into the first room. as per normal got undressed and waited. Room is small but clean and tidy. Checked under the table ans saw a small pillow. Hmm maybe its not legit but we will see. After a couple of minutes in pops Rita and places a towel over my bum and legs.

Away she goes and actually gives a very good massage concentrating on one leg at a time and so on. At this stage there is no hint of any funny business and we engage in small talk and she tells me general details about herself. About 15 mins in i decided to ask her if any extras were to be had to which she replied yes off course. $30 was the fee for a handy and as as i flip she puts the small pillow under my head. She then poured a  small amount of oil over my dick area and she commenced what i would rate as one of the best hj ever, as good as Jens in highett. As she was doing her thing i did offer her an extra $20 if she would allow me to touch her legs and arse but was careful not to try anything else as she is a lovely girl and i didn't want to spoil the session.

Rita is a beautiful looking lady, great body and good attitude. She works in South Yarra on Tuesdays and Wednesday, works in Richmond occasionally. if you need the address for yarra just call the mobile.

cheers guys and merry xmas to all.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 31st December 2016, 12:13 AM
Poster ID: Snapper79
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Bit expensive for little gain me thinks...


