Thread Title: Medusa Royal Massage - Melbourne CBD - 0410 981 216
Floor: #1
Post Time: 5th August 2016, 09:50 AM
Poster ID: cl-dean
Post Title: 
 Medusa Royal Massage - Melbourne CBD - 0410 981 216
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Kelly

Establishment : Medusa Royal Massage

Date of Visit : 1/8/16

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0410 981 216 Medusa Royal Massage - Melbourne therapeutic massage - cracker.com.au

Hours of Business : 10-10 Mon-Fri, unsure about weekends

Rates : $60/30 min, $75/45, $90/60 + extras

Age : 20s

Size/shape : Solid, small bust.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Malaysian

Services Provided : Massage, Topless HJ

Value for money/recommend? : No/Yes

My experience/comments : 

I saw the ad online and knew I would be in town on Monday, so decided to try it unannounced. Up the freshly-painted stairs and to the reception area. It's very nicely appointed, and I was met with a slim, punk-goth Asian chick on reception with an Aussie girl behind the counter as well. Yes, I'll try a massage please, pricing was shown as above. Went for the 30 minute option, and I was shown to a room. That's when it clicked -- this had the same feel as Hana massage. The decor is similar, the pricing the same (even for extras, as I would see), and (SPOILER ALERT) the only difference was no cup of tea at the end.

Anyway, in walked Kelly and immediately turned down the already dim lighting even further. Short hair, pleasant face, nothing to write home about in the looks department.

The massage commenced, and it was a first rate sensual massage. She had me rock hard in no time, and was doing lomi-lomi style strokes under my belly and around my cock as well. By and by, come the flip, and there I am standing to full attention. We discuss extras and the rates are $50 for a clothed handy and $100 for a nude one. I tell her politely that is too expensive, and the massage continues. Her interest in my nether regions decreases along with said region's tumescence. 

After a while I say that $50 for a topless handy would work for me, and after a minute or so's thought (aided by her rubbing my cock) , she accepts. Disrobes to reveal a small set on a larger body than was suggested by the clothing. Some touching OK. Handy was very good -- given the quality of the massage I'd expect nothing less.

Brauninc -- based on what I felt through the stockings, nice stocky legs as well!

It's a good, clean place. Street entrance makes it not discreet at all, and in retrospect I would not have shelled out the extras.

Kelly works Mon, Tue, Fri.

Dean


Floor: #2
Post Time: 5th August 2016, 11:14 AM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
l

"Brauninc -- based on what I felt through the stockings, nice stocky legs as well!" quote

Yes dean, u assume right, i read all your reviews lol.  That bit where she was deciding whether to accept your 50$ topless hj while stroking you, was hilarious


Floor: #3
Post Time: 6th August 2016, 01:14 AM
Poster ID: Genji88
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
This place is a sister venue to Urban Kneads, which apparently has had a change in management. When I wasn't interested in the sole African chick on when I popped in (didn't get a look at her) I was directed to Urban Kneads by the male manager, who looked like a stereotypical Greek/Italian drug dealer.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 16th November 2016, 08:44 AM
Poster ID: cl-dean
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Natasha

Establishment : Medusa Royale

Date of Visit : 15/11/16

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : As above

Hours of Business : As above

Rates : $60/30 mins + extras

Age : 20s

Size/shape : curvy, D-cup bust

Nationality or Ethnicity : Indian

Services Provided : Massage, topless HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Perhaps

My experience/comments : 

So I contacted these guys and they had three ladies available; Natasha, an Indian and two Asian ladies. I opted for Natasha, paid my money, and was shown to the room. After a while, in walks Natasha, a short, nondescript Indian lady. Pleasant enough, good English, and we get down to a nice sensual massage. Plenty on leaning over contact and as she is at my head massaging down my back I experimentally touch her legs. No resistance, good. 

This continues for a while, and I ask what's on the menu for extras. It's pricey: $50 HJ, $100 nude HJ, $150 body slide. I've only got $60 left, so I ask about a topless HJ. Nope, that's $70. But I've only got $60. No, $70 or nothing. Let me see, I say.

So I get up, and find another $3 in change. I show her; I've got $63, is that enough to get over the line? She lets out a half laugh -- OK she says, and take her top off to reveal an extremely nice (not quite magnificent) set of cans. Touching kissing, licking is all OK. She performs a nice sensual HJ, but I've already released a load that morning, so I help her on her way, and by and by a satisfactory conclusion is reached.

WIR? Perhaps.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 16th November 2016, 09:48 AM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
An indian girl for a change dean.  I like the line 70$ or nothing, u should have not bothered, all the poorer for them


Floor: #6
Post Time: 18th December 2016, 08:25 AM
Poster ID: Small Bane
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Definitely better value elsewhere.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 14th February 2017, 08:33 AM
Poster ID: Charles
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Nina

Establishment : Medusa Royale

Date of Visit : 9/02/17

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : http://melbourne.cracker.com.au/Ther...ssage/17803411

Hours of Business : 10am - 10pm

Rates : $90/60 mins

Age : 20s

Size/shape : slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : French

Services Provided : Massage

Value for money/recommend? : Nope

My experience/comments : In Melbourne for work and completely unfamiliar with the scene I chose this place based on reviews here, comments in other threads, and the fact they advertise on Cracker. It seemed that a hj would be a sure thing here. I couldn't have been more wrong. Its quite upmarket, I had to make a booking and, when Nina walked into the room she was in uniform. Always a bad sign. I was naked on the table and she didn't cover me but her massage was very ordinary and she never went anywhere near the tackle. She also only massaged my back, there was no turnover and so no chance for me to show her a hard cock and ask her to take care of it.

She was an attractive girl with a lovely personality and delightful to talk to, but that was it.


Floor: #8
Post Time: 21st August 2017, 12:16 AM
Poster ID: Gravy
Post Title: 
 Sweetie - Medusa Royal, CBD - 0410 981 216
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sweetie

Establishment : Medusa Royal

Date of Visit : June 2017, a Thursday

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 164 Bourke St, Melbourne VIC 3000, 0410 981 216

Hours of Business : 10am - 10pm

Rates : $80/hour, plus parking

Age : 42 at a guess, with some nip/tuck going on

Size/shape : Size 8-10 with some padding, bolt on C's, shaved

Nationality or Ethnicity : Vietnamese

Services Provided : BBBJ with a side of oil, Spanish, Simulated FS, 69, COB

Value for money/recommend? : CBD RnT prices are prohibitive at the best of times.

My experience/comments : 
I had heard from a mate that Sweetie from Eden in Abbotsford had moved to Medusa in the CBD.  I had seen her at Eden a few years ago, before Mia started working there.  I had an okay first punt with her then with some Spanish, DATY and a nice HJ, but nowhere near as good as my mate had had and that I read in other reviews. I also found her to be a bit controlling, so I never went back, but started seeing Mia there when I heard about her. In the CBD one day, I thought I would try my luck again to see if I could do any better this time. I lobbed upstairs and asked the very cute receptionist if Sweetie was there and available. She was, and would be free in an hour. 

I returned and waited in the room for about 10 minutes. This place is great, the tables are comfortable, the rooms are polished in appearance and appear to be well insulated. In she came wearing a little black robe. She seemed older, more MILFy than I remembered. She took one look at me and remembered me, even asking me questions about things we had talked about at Eden all that time ago. It was a little bit unnerving. Her attitude was quite positive and friendly though, so I had a good feeling about the session. She wanted to know how I found her and seemed to buy my story.

I politely suggested starting with extras, but she insisted on starting with the massage, and so came a good 30 minutes of average massage with a lot of chatter. I tried to self flip about 20 minutes in and was rebuked and told that she was happy to see me and would look after me but I needed to be patient, and I would love what was coming. Again I didn't care for the control and made up my mind to get as much as possible out of this session.

After the flip she went straight for the oil and started wanking me. Not what I had in mind, so I shook my head and pointed at my cock then her mouth. She complied went down to the end of the table, hopped up in between my legs and started a BBBJ, without removing the oil. It was pretty shallow and not much suction, but slow and measured. I couldn't reach anything and was thinking of ways to transition, when suddenly she moves up and starts with Spanish, and fishing for compliments. I give them to her, she rewards me by hopping up on top and sliding her pussy along my cock, also slow and measured. She was in complete control, there was going to be no accidental insertions. I tried to give her an assist with rubbing her clit, but she took both my hands and put them on her breasts. This is good but doesn't last long before she slows down and starts to get down. I ask for more BJ and motion for her to turn around in 69. Again she complies and switches between BBBJ and HJ. I tried some FIP and then DATY but she said it was a bit sensitive, I didn't mind not going on because it was oily, but damned whoever had been there before me that day. She tolerated FIA briefly but reached back and swatted me away. Shes still stroking, but I'm feeling a bit frustrated, so tap her, and she hops down and goes straight for the HJ again. I sit up and see if she will kiss and was rejected with a downward gaze. She knows all the blocking moves. She keeps going with the HJ though. I swap positions with her. She's doing what I ask, but I can see it in her face that she'd rather be doing what she wants to, so I know I have to make it quick to get the move in I want. Flip her around and bend her over the table and rub my cock in her ass cheeks. This is my favorite when not getting FS. She tells me not to put it inside, and allows this for a few minutes. It is good, but soon she straightens up and asks me to lie down. I stand back and point downwards and say I want to finish that way, and she drops to her knees and holds her breasts together and gives me sexy faces. She really wants me to finish. It took me a while, she started standing up to take over again, I pushed her shoulder a bit to arch her back back over the table, and spunked all over her neck, chin and some down on her boobs. She cleans us up and finishes off with a head massage and more chatter.  

She asked for $100, and gave me her phone number and asked me to let her know if I was coming in next time.


Floor: #9
Post Time: 14th October 2017, 10:55 PM
Poster ID: Goboy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Amy and Lisa

Establishment :Medusa Royals 

Date of Visit : early October

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : as above

Hours of Business : 10-10pm

Rates : $90 per hr

Age : 26 Amy 24 Lisa 

Size/shape : Well covered Amy , Slim Lisa

Nationality or Ethnicity : Korean Amy , Japanese Lisa 

Services Provided : massage ,body slide HJ 

Value for money/recommend? :not inexpensive  

My experience/comments :
I visited this place for the first time .It is well fitted out ,clean and smoothly run by an Aussie lady on Reception
It has a tie up with what used to be Tokyo Milk (now rebadged ) in Acland  st St Kilda

On visit number  I was told there was an Aussie, French , Korean girls on.
Sight unseen I chose the Korean as I prefer to Western girls.

Reception showed me a clean warm room, well fitted out .

Istrip off and in comes Amy She is slightly solid attractive ok 6 out of 10 
She is warm natured and welcoming.Sort of girl you like straight away because of her welcoming attitude 

I lie down for a back massage 
I have taken a 45'minutes package at $70 as she has another punter coming in late.
Her massage is good She knows what she is doing.

There is no crack or sac so I let it run till the flip.

"What else do you do " 
" I can do HJ for $50 , N for $100 or body slide for $150
I tell her I would like body slide but only have $90 "ok" she says without complaint.

She strips off ,Her body is not exactly Elle McPherson, a little chubby but quite nice .small tits , nice arse and slim stomach.
She has a very nice way about her Laughs a lot and very personable .
When she gets into it,She delivers one of the best body slides you would get ,just great.

She rubs the pussy up and down the shaft , no problems with touching everything,lots of hugs and tit rubs 
She is very ,very nice.

She gets me over the line in a relaxed and gf way 

I am washed down with a hot towel dressed and under way in an hr ( not 45mins I paid for)

On the way out she is waiting for me in reception with water and a great smile.
Only minor down side was she asked me to jump of the table to pay before we started,which I don't enjoy

So I decided to come back next day for another run with her 
I just dropped in without an appointment Amy was at their other shop so not available.

I asked for a Japanese girl Lisa (Sight unseen ) Also working was an Aussie,Colombian and French I was told by reception.

I paid for 1'hr 
In comes Lisa. Got to say she did not look Japanese A mix I'd say.

She is mid 20's nice looking ,long black hair smiled a lot ,nice style of woman ,slim body and pretty

She starts a pretty basic massage on the back .Not going anywhere and not much talent at massage .

I initiate the flip

"What next" ? "I can do HJ for $50, topless and HJ $100, Nude $150, body slide $???.( I missed the last quote ,but it was higher again.)
I burst out laughing 
I said I "I am sure you must be worth $150 or even more,but I don't need to pay that for that service"
The indications on the body slide might have been near $180 I recall.

I offered $100 for the body slide (crazy I know) She politely  refused 

"Ok just a normal massage would be ok, don't worry about extras" I said to see what she would do.

To her credit , she smiled very warmly in a friendly way and she stuck to her guns."That is what I charge".
I said "fine but I don't need to pay that much so let's just do a straight massage"

Her massage improved.There was no touching around by her
Quite professional

She washed me down. Dried me and left to wait outside
I was surprised that she had prepared a drink and was most warm to me , very interactive and inviting ,smiling and welcoming .The lost  money did not seem to faze her at all.

So with blue balls I ventured back next night for Amy
She had warmed to me immensely? Big  smile ,kiss and clothes straight off and straight into body slide 
( but once again $100 up front)
Wow was she worth it She performed slides for about half an hour ,rubbing her puss on my shaft, dry humping me ,sliding  a very firm arse up and down ,and working up an oily sweat Her puss was quite wet She kept pushing back on my shaft tip as though tomput it in but that did not happen I ventured that FS would be nice but got no response ,just a warm kiss.(next time).

There were several gf kisses.She eventually sat  down between my legs to give one very expert hand job as a finish.
A great outcomes,
 She told me she had only been doing massage for a month or two but used to work here on reception 

She sure has learnt a few tricks in a short time

I will return

Goboy


Floor: #10
Post Time: 15th October 2017, 09:29 AM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
These girls must think we all have shares in a2m milk or something , milking our winnings hehe.  In regards to LIsa Goboy, if every customer denied her extra's list, it seems from how she carried on afterwards, she may still be doing ok without the bonus money.  The extra's $$$, just seem to be icing on the cake, it ends up being very delicious icing when many men cave though


