Thread Title: Mystique Massage - 258 Little Bourke St - 0472 751 377
Floor: #1
Post Time: 12th August 2019, 10:04 PM
Poster ID: MLMatt
Post Title: 
 Mystique Massage - 258 Little Bourke St - 0472 751 377
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Vivienne 

Establishment : Mystique Massage 

Date of Visit : July 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 258 Little Bourke St / https://melbourne.locanto.com.au/ID_...Bourke-St.html

Phone : 

Hours of Business : 10-9

Rates : $50/45m (+ $75)

Age : 20s

Size/shape : Petite (+ massage bolt ons) 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Laos

Services Provided : NHJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

Found myself in the CBD with an afternoon free of meetings and a mood to explore. Had spotted this rather cryptic ad for Mystique on locanto so decided to check it out as a walk in. 

The building is an older building with a lift that had me guessing whether it would reach Level 7 or not! Anyway, it did. Walked down a narrow hall past a tiny architect firm and just before a alterations / mending place and then into a very small massage shop. (There was a super hot asian lady in the lift with me who I hoped would walk into the massage shop but she walked down further to the alteration place!! hehe)

So once in the shop there was an older papasan who called for a girl who came out of a room immediately to the right as you walk in. She introduced herself as Vivienne and took me into the room. She was dressed in a blue boob tube and tiny skirt. Great signs! She was super cute and her boobs were busting out. 

Anyway, English was not the best but we reached understanding quickly. We had a quick massage (not her strongest selling point but frankly I didn't get care) and flipped after 10 mins. She then went out of the room and came back and lit some candles and stripped down. She had some little pasties covering her nipples which was kind of strange - but they came off easily enough. Vivienne is very petite but with D sized bolt ons. Seriously mega on her body. Shaved down below but a few days growth. 

Pretty soon vivienne hopped on the bed and was giving me a solid working over  while grinding herself on top of my chest and giving a firm and sensual tug. We took a couple of breaks and changed positions and I massaged her for a bit too. Final position was her lying down tugging me while i came on her boobs. It was sexy as hell. I'd suggest more options could be on the table for regulars here. 

Vivienne has worked in other shops in Melbourne under a couple of other names she told me - but didn't tell me anything more than that. 

WIR - yep. For Melbourne it was good value and service, with a pretty massage lady.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 13th January 2020, 09:28 AM
Poster ID: mikemelb
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Vivienne

Establishment : Mystique Massage

Date of Visit : January 2020

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Room 3 7/258 Little Bourke St  

Website: https://melbourne.locanto.com.au/ID_...Bourke-St.html

Phone : 0472-751-377

Hours of Business : Open 10 till 7pm. Monday to Friday

Rates : $70 for 45 min, plus extra

Age : 20s

Size/shape : Petite (+ massage bolt ons)

Nationality or Ethnicity : Laos

Services Provided : NHJ, body slide

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : 

I was looking for a massage and body slide and decided to take a punt on Mystique Massage located above.  I made a booking through text without knowing who will be massaging me.  When Viviene walked through the door, I was moire than happy with this doll looking girl, about 5'7", long black hair busty and slim body.

She began with the usual massage with me lying on my stomach, starting from shoulders and working her way down.  She was fully clothed at this stage so I wasn't sure what was on offer.  After a few brushes of the old fella, I knew there were extras available.  On the flip, a bit more massaging, till finally she whispers in my ear - would you like some extras.

It was $50 for HJ, $70 without a top.  I asked if there was more and she said she could do a body slide, nude for $100, which I accepted. The body slide was quite good as her boltons felt good rubbing all over and doing some Spanish.  She then slipped into the 69 position, but didn't allow me any touching.  I really wanted that pussy, it was shaved and looked beautiful.  Finally finished with a very good handy, clean up and I was gone.

I will return at some stage to see if there is more on offer.


