Thread Title: Mystique Massage - 258 Lt Bourke St - 03 9639 9007
Floor: #1
Post Time: 22nd June 2019, 11:38 PM
Poster ID: Goboy
Post Title: 
 Mystique Massage - 258 Lt Bourke St - 03 9639 9007
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Vivian

Establishment : Mystique Massage

Date of Visit : 22 June

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Room 3 Level 7 258 Lt  Bourke st Melbourne (cnr Swanston St)

Phone :9639 9007 m 0437  677 007

Hours of Business : 10-9 pm

Rates : $80 ph $50 hf hr (+ extras) 

Age : 28

Size/shape :slender 

Nationality or Ethnicity :said Laos (I think not) 

Services Provided : BS NHJ 

Value for money/recommend? : not bad at all

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

i picked this this one up in Locanto sorry don’t have the link) It is a new shop.

it it is in an office building cnr Swanston St ( doors lock downstairs at about 7 so have to ring) 

Down an office corridor and a pair of white curtains hang across the hallway door 
It is fairly basic but ok and clean..
i went unannounced and found the door locked I took down the number and called no answer 
later I got a text telling me Vivian was available in an hour .
i arrived when she was rushing around putting on makeup.I thnk she had been called from her apartment nearby as she  was a little flustered 

I am met by an ancient Asian papasan Pupasan told me she was 26 
I caught sight of Vivian and she looked in her 30s I told him she does not look 26 
He shrugged his shoulders and said “well she has a very nice body.” (and indeed  She does).

I thought what the hell  I may as well give it a go . papasan made me tea and told me to wait whilst Viv put on makeup.LOL

When she arrived into the room, I was pleasantly surprised .She had medium length brown hair below shoulders and looked euro (maybe Russian) Her hair was in the style of one of the 1940s film actresses , slightly over the face .Nice.
She is tall and slender and dressed in jeans and a mid riff top She has a nice face but I could not see any Asian in it She told me she was from Laos I speculated that maybe she had a euro parent 
( maybe an Aussie punter on a week off Lol)

I took an hour at $80 ( a bit expensive). the room was small but very warm on a cold day .

 I stripped off and Viv arrived with me starkers and she just  started into a good quality soft massage as requested. She got into a bit of brushing the boys fairly quickly so we knew what was on.

On the flip at 25 min mark she stared very intently at me with each push up the leg obviously waiting for me to request .She then asked whether I would like junior caressed.Price $50 I said $30 .No go .
i asked what about NHJ yes was the reply $100 .I didn’t think much point asking for more (maybe next time) 
i said ok She then volunteered a BS as part of the deal (same price) Very nice of her.

She stripped of to reveal a very slender smooth body with a set of substantial bolt ons that sat up high with no fall. The tits were smooth firm and soft texture They did not feel man made but I concluded they could not sit up like that if natural
.
She was happy for me  to touch but shied away when I slid my hand to the cat and date.

She mounted and commenced a nice boob slide over my chest and little bro.

It went on for 10 minutes or  so whilst all the time manipulating the sac and little bro.with oil she moaned a bit ( not too much whilst pressing her body to me .

Her HJ was most  enjoyable , all the time with eyes fixed to my face like an intent girlfriend and urging me on with soft moans

She didn’t seem to bothered on the time and she got me over the line in about 10 with soft strokes on the hour and then went to clean  me  up with  hot towels .
I don’t know , but I doubt they have showers here as it is a few office rooms decorated 

VIvian was the only worker on and she said it is quiet.

I found her to be attractive and she tried hard ( only minor downside was her keeping her distance from a cat and date  scan) 

She works Wed,Thur and Friday (filling in today Saturday)

I would go back and check out the rest (they advertise “by appointment”)

Goboy


Floor: #2
Post Time: 26th June 2019, 04:06 PM
Poster ID: Billabong Bill
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by Goboy


Person's Name : Vivian

Services Provided : BS NHJ 

Gobo
"""



I had convinced myself that a BS HJ was a bullshit handjob. So I am now better informed and have added that to my acronymopedia.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 29th July 2019, 02:51 PM
Poster ID: cl-dean
Post Title: 
 Mystique Massage - 258 Lt Bourke St - 9639 9007
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Vivienne

Establishment : Mystique Massage

Date of Visit : July 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://melbourne.locanto.com.au/ID_...e-Massage.html

Phone : 9639 9007

Hours of Business : 10-8, although the girl didn't arrive until 11 the day I went to see her

Rates : $50/30 + extras which initially were outrageous then sensible

Age : late 20s early 30s at a guess

Size/shape : Slim to skinny, D cup tits. Possibly enhanced, but if they were it's the best job I've ever seen. Pretty face.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Laos

Services Provided : Massage, topless handy

Value for money/recommend? : Yep

My experience/comments : A new shop has been advertising on locanto. Rock up at 10 in a very run down 1950s office building to find a guy who dead set looks like Egg Shen from "Big Trouble in Little China" setting up the shop. Girl is running late, he says, return at 11. Leave to go to a meeting, fully expecting to run into Jack Burton. Come back a couple of hours later, to be told, girl is busy only 5 minutes, why don't you wait. I know that often 5 minutes becomes 15, and I had something to pick up in the city, so I said I'd be back. Rocked up 15 minutes later to be greeted by Egg and an absolute beauty (not green eyed though) who invited me into the room. Before settling, she asked if I had been in earlier, and I said yes. She said, "Thank you for coming back" which I thought was very nice, and also appreciated that she told me later had it not been me she would have got me to wait for 10 minutes in case the other guy rocked up.

Now Vivienne was wearing perhaps one article of clothing (her dress) although I later discovered that she had a pair of panties on too. Clearly no bra, and gravity defying breasts. On top of that, polite and good English.

Asked for her signature massage, and she gave me an excellent hard massage interspersed with massively sensual teasing, then back to kneading whatever part of the body she was focusing on. After a bit she asked me to flip. I had a raging boner, and she offered a short menu of services, all of which were ridiculously priced. Started a little bit of bargaining, and very quickly she settled on a topless handy for +$50, and in a nice touch said, pay me later. Total haggle time maybe 30 seconds and the mood not killed. Dropped the top of her dress to reveal a stunning set of breasts. Not quite as good as Laura Harring in "Mulholland Drive" but getting up there. No kissing but plenty of touching as well as a bit of arse play (two way).

Walked out of there 35 minutes after I walked in a happy man. $100 lighter, but a gorgeous woman treated me like royalty. Not much more to ask for. No sign of Egg Shen or Lo Pan either which was another tick for the plus column.

Vivienne doesn't have regular days here.

Would recommend and return.

Dean


