Thread Title: New Retreat  - St Kilda - 0451 394 889
Floor: #1
Post Time: 3rd July 2017, 07:36 AM
Poster ID: Goboy
Post Title: 
 New Retreat  - St Kilda - 0451 394 889
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Tia

Establishment : New Retreat 

Date of Visit :2 July 2017 

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 396 St Kilda Rd St Kilda

Hours of Business : 10-10pm

Rates : $70 per hr $40 per half hr

Age : 23

Size/shape :very slim 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : HJ plus 

Value for money/recommend? :could be good 

My experience/comments : I have passed this place a few times and thought give it a go .It is near the intersection of Carlisle st on St Kilda rd . A down side is that the entrance is very exposed to a lot of traffic.

i went there on a Sunday eve .It was quiet .The girl on reception was a little stunner , tank top , tight black pants low on hips exposing a long very slim smooth waist.She had long black hair and a fairly good looking face.

As I had not been here before I asked who would do the massage .Yes me ok? Sure is.

The place  is clean and looks new .I saw a window sign a few months ago saying it is newly renovated.

The room was small with a big round mirror and modern furniture, white colour and white very fluffy towels . Looked  like someone had been reading Vogue magazine.

i strip off .She comes in and spreads a towel on my arse and straight into a medium back massage.
Her language is just passable.A bit hard to understand (she tells me she is 23 ,studying English and lives in the city --aren't they all).
She is very slim but not skinny, a very neat bum ,no tits to speak of .A nice looking package.

The back massage is just passable but quite pleasant At the 35 minute mark I have to initiate the flip as she looks like she will go on forever with the back work.

She bends down and whispers would I like extra .$50 for HJ , $100 n, and $130 for body slide. I laugh at body slide price and after a little haggling she  agrees $80 for n.There is no mention of anything further than HJ nude.She asks if she can leave her underpants on .I think maybe it's time of the month so say ok.

It does cross my mind that she might be a he, could be a ladyboy.The voice is slightly down .She comments that her figure  "is like teanage boy".  I conclude  that she is not a he. Her hands are small and body very smooth and delicate  , no sign of Adam's apple . She is  feminine (but who knows) .

Her HJ is gentle . Takes her time and most enjoyable .For me however it is on the hour and she has told me weekend is 9.30 close .it is 9.30 .So I tell her enough is ok. She is somewhat taken aback and wanting a positive result , but I am through and have enjoyed as far as we have gone.

Later she tells  me her previous customer had verbally abused her a lot and she is still shaken . It was because he did not cum.( which is why she was persisting for me to cum, but all to rushed for me) ( I had bumped into the guy when I arrived coming out -   a middle eastern guy with a very nasty looking demeanor ) , so felt a little sorry for her and told her how nice she is and just a time issue for me , which it was, ( " next time 90 minutes"? " no I only do one hr"). Oh well. 
Wash down with hot towel. Table towel just straightened after the massage. 

She would be very nice if I got to know her I suspect   But I have to get the underwear off to clear up any doubt lol.
She works her Sunday and Thursday and at Buckley st Essendon one or 2 other days .

i will give this place another run or two and check it out .on the way out I saw the manager for the night .She looked very doable.
goboy


Floor: #2
Post Time: 3rd July 2017, 08:14 AM
Poster ID: nextlif
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Current Locanto ad...
http://melbourne.locanto.com.au/ID_1...a-is-back.html




			
				Today, Saturday 1st July, we have Avina fro Japan. Melody from Vietnam and Angela from Thailand.

Come and escape in our beautiful rooms which are fitted with air purifiers and heaters, soft lighting and music to put you in a totally relaxed state of mind. 

Our lovely therapists will focus on all areas of your body that require attention and make you feel relaxed with their gentile and sensual touch. They will surely bring you to complete tranquility. 

Our boutique studio is freshly renovated with brand new, clean and fresh towels to each client and shower facilities are also available upon request. High grade non- fragrant oil used. Easy to wash off. Our waiting room is fitted with tv and refreshments for your convenience. 

Please ring or text on 0451 394 889 to book your next appointment. 

Our rates:

20 mins $40

30 mins $50

45 mins $60

60 mins $70

Eftpos also available. 

We are open from 10am till at least 9 pm 7 days a week. 

Call or text us on 0451 394 889

We are located at 396 St Kilda Rd in St Kilda. Just near the corner of Carlisle Street.
Contact advertiser


