Thread Title: Oriental Aroma & Spa, St Kilda - 9534 3303
Floor: #1
Post Time: 25th April 2016, 02:57 PM
Poster ID: Goboy
Post Title: 
 Oriental Aroma & Spa, St Kilda - 9534 3303
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Linda

Establishment : Oriental Aroma & Spa

Date of Visit : 24 April

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 9534 3303  120 St .Kilda rd St Kilda 

Hours of Business : 10 am--9pm

Rates : $65-$75 per hr.

Age : 28-30

Size/shape : medium- solid

Nationality or Ethnicity : thai

Services Provided : massage +

Value for money/recommend? : yes ,as a massage

My experience/comments : i had passed this place several times and wondered about the lonely red massage sign in a dark part of the street . I took  the opportunity to check it out.
The shop is not to far from the Californian Club brothel , in an unlit area of St Kida rd in St Kilda near the junction .it has the look from the street of a place to go.

When I went in At 8 pm ,perceptions were changed. Linda is on desk dressed in thai gear and I think probably the only one on.
it is a traditional Thai place. I pay the gate fee and she shows me to a clean room with 2 massage tables and leaves me to change . I strip off to wait and first thing I notice is what looks like a cum stain on the table I was setting up for. I change tables.

She takes her time and comes in in 10 minutes .i drop the underdaks and lie face down .after a minute or so ,she covers me with a towel and starts a Thai pessure point through the towel , then peels it back to just leave my legs covered ( a good sign) bum uncovered. . She gives a very good back massage and whilst doing so puts her hand resting on my bum , giving it a little stroking as she goes.
She gives a bit of crack massage,nothing too revealing of where she is coming from.

On the legs the towel goes up to the back and leaving the bum uncovered.Her stroking of the legs continually strokes the base of the sac with the back of her hands .Very nice.

On the flip however the towel is full length and removed as she tackles each limb . She continues to slide across the base of the sac as she hits the top of the leg , giving me a boner.however it is under the towel and no reaction from her. I think,looking at her traditional costume  and  detached demeanor that it is legit and I think that I will leave extras to another evening with another girl. 
With encouragement, Linda is probably an HJ girl at best, and I think that is where she will go next visit. 

The place itself is resonably clean and well appointed , showers etc. The massage was also very good.

i will go back ( if only for a very good, massage ) and see what else may be on offer.

When I have check out the rest of the team I will report further.

goboy


Floor: #2
Post Time: 2nd May 2016, 08:58 PM
Poster ID: Goboy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name :Patty

Establishment : Oriental Aroma And Spa

Date of Visit : 1 May

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : as above 

Hours of Business :as above  

Rates :$75 for the hr 

Age :23 

Size/shape : slender

Nationality or Ethnicity :Thai 

Services Provided : massage

Value for money/recommend? : for the massage ,yes

My experience/comments :

Establishment : After my last experience with Linda (where I thought more may be on offer here) I went back to try another of the line up.
On reception was Patty, a slender girl/ woman of about 23 yrs dressed in tight black slacks and a halter top ,with bare mid riff ,slim and attractive.She says she will do the job.nice and inviting.
Booked an hour $75  and handed over $100; she said she would bring change later .hmm
Shown to an upstairs room .Two other rooms, one with a large double bed / table, the other with a double bed  futon on the floor .
I go into a room with two tables and change down to jocks and dropped them when she came in , lie face down and after about a minute she covers me full length with a towel.The room is warm with tissues and towels , all neat.
She does one of those prodding through the towel exercises then peels it back to leave legs covered and bum and back exposed .
A nice massage follows , a little bit of bum rubs and then on to the legs .the towel is pulled back one leg at a time and the sac carefully covered. I tell her the towel is a bit tight there but it falls on deaf ears .
I lossen  it , she puts it back.She tucks it in.

So much for that.

On the flip , more of the same, she makes a joke about keeping me warm and covered ; and she does.
She is jovial and attractive, good quality work and very straight but quite a sociable,and a communicative girl.
Massage finishes .I see my $25 change has been placed on the adjoining table.
A good wipe down follows and she disappears.
An uneventful exercise if reasonable standard. I can't complain but not what I would go out of my way for.

Ther are two other girls working but tonight this little one is not for turning.

Overall a good quality place ,but I would not be looking for Patty, sorry to say guys.

One for the team.
Goboy


