Thread Title: Park St. Massage South Melbourne.
Floor: #1
Post Time: 7th May 2018, 06:24 PM
Poster ID: nocturnalboy
Post Title: 
 Park St. Massage South Melbourne.
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Mariana

Establishment : Park St. Massage

Date of Visit : 7 May 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 284 Park St. South Melbourne     Mob: 0447577286

Hours of Business : Not known - plenty I guess.

Rates : 20 min - $45, 30min - $55, 45 min - $65, 60min - $80, 90min - $125  (plus extras)

Age : Late 20's

Size/shape : Tall, C cups, nice body - maybe a size 12?

Nationality or Ethnicity : Italian

Services Provided : Massage, HJ, topless and nude

Value for money/recommend? : A little exy, but great massage, clean rooms and fabulous HJ.

My experience/comments : As promised in my last report, I spied this shop last time I went to the place over the road, so I figured it's time to drop in and gather some intel - and lose a few cc's of man juice.

It looks pretty legit from the street, and the set up inside is very tasteful (as opposed to the tacky place over the road). Mariana met me as I came in, dressed in tight black with no bra - but could easily have been dressed for a legit place. So, I was still none the wiser. I settled for 45 minutes.
Led to a dim room, warm, nice massage table, clean towels, no tissue box in sight. Still in no man's land.
Mariana told me to take off all my clothes and wait. She came back and started what was clearly a professional massage. I figured I would enjoy this either way.
All the face down, there was no suggestion of any extras but when she asked if I'd like my front massaged too, and Flipped, straight away I got the offer $50 for a HJ, $80 for topless HJ and $120 for fully nude. Like I said - a bit exy..... but you get what you pay for, and Mariana's HJ was great! Nice tits, eye contact, the lot!!
A long, slow HJ, followed by a nice orgasm, then hot towels and a head massage to finish up.
The only negative was having to stop to get the money out half way through - I hate that.......
Mariana doesn't have regular shifts, but you can call them to find out when she is on.
I noticed a VERY cute little athletic type as I left - so I may need to do further research for the team........


Floor: #2
Post Time: 7th May 2018, 07:43 PM
Poster ID: Wollee
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I think the Thread Tiltle should read "Park" Street.....not Part St.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 7th May 2018, 07:45 PM
Poster ID: Wollee
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
And that comment should have read Title...not what appeared...but I could not edit...


Floor: #4
Post Time: 8th May 2018, 09:58 AM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
It happens all the time, seeing a cuter girl as u leave lol


Floor: #5
Post Time: 26th May 2018, 02:26 PM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Walked past this shop today while checking a couple in the area.  It is a pretty plain looking place from the outside,with a neon sign flashing away, that is until u notice in large black "tattoo", on the window, that alone makes the place feel a little intimidating.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 13th July 2018, 10:11 PM
Poster ID: Passthru
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Alexa

Establishment : Park St. Massage

Date of Visit : Juy 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 284 Park St. South Melbourne Mob: 0447577286

Hours of Business : 10am-10pm

Rates : 20 min - $45, 30min - $55, 45 min - $65, 60min - $80

Age : Early 20s?

Size/shape : 160cms or so, about a size 8-10, A-B cups 

Nationality or Ethnicity : South American

Services Provided : Massage, naked HJ and some touching 

Value for money/recommend? : Not too bad for the non-Asian market

My experience/comments : 

Saw this rather plain shop front off the main drag and decided to try it out. Walked in and the receptionist who is cleaning up asked me to wait until the rooms are ready. Comes back, takes my $$ and brings me to the room telling me to get ready.
Not long after I assume the position with towel over my butt, Alexa comes in. Alexa is a very pleasant young lady, pretty but not stunning with what might be called typical Latina features and a J Lo booty and what appears to be large A or small B cups. All quite good so far.
We chat a little and she is quite friendly and responsive in the conversation, a little cheeky at times but nothing overly obvious. Some light massage of mainly legs, not a lot of obvious TT but venturing close and then the flip when the question is asked. She gives me the menu but then offers a reduced $100 for naked HJ – sold.
Alexa slowly removes her clothes with the occasional cheeky wiggle of that J Lo booty and we’re off to the tugs. Some light nipple sucking and boob caressing is not discouraged and also some cupping of the booty but the line is drawn at approaching the cat from the front when she moves away smoothly.
Not a problem as the wristy is going along smoothly with some variation in speed and pressure and the occasional stroking of the balls. I settle in to enjoy the overall view and cheeky eye contact while my hand is cupping that rounded butt and moving between the cheeks closer to the cat. A relaxed pace and happy face eventually bring me across the line and we then clean up. Alexa gets dressed and heads off to get the cleaning kit.
Money paid, a friendly hug and time to head out to joing the start of the peak hour.
Not too bad value overall if you factor in the friendly almost GFE attitude.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 20th August 2018, 11:19 PM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
This shop was also raided today by police as per the nine news report tonight, along with there sister shop in St.kilda


