Thread Title: Phillip Massage  - Melbourne - 0422 149 681
Floor: #1
Post Time: 30th August 2018, 08:34 PM
Poster ID: pancho
Post Title: 
 Phillip Massage  - Melbourne - 0422 149 681
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : 
Unknown

Establishment : 
Phillips Massage

Date of Visit : 
Mid August, Saturday Daytime

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 
phillip massage

Level 1, 164 Russell Street, Melbourne, VICTORIA

Phone : 
0422149681

Hours of Business : 
7 days 9.30am to 1.30am

Rates : 
$50.00 for 30 minute massage

Age : 
Early twenties

Size/shape : 
Size 8 to 10, medium height & breasts. Nice body shape

Nationality or Ethnicity : 
Asian 

Services Provided : 
Massage
HJ offered & declined.

Value for money/recommend?: 
Not for me on this particular occasion. YMMV assuming they have a high T/O of MLs.

My experience/comments:
This will be a very ordinary review. I committed the reviewers' cardinal sin of not remembering her name. Sorry chaps.

Brauny had mentioned this new joint in a post. They stay open until 1.30am ! I was in the CBD lunchtime on a Saturday and thought why not ?

Young plain looking, but cheery, chick on reception asks if I want a massage ? Oh yes please, thank you very much.

Ushers me into a room the size of a phone box (young blokes just Google the words  phone & box).

My ML enters just as I am down to my jocks. Indicates to take them off, but she wasn't interested in making it a talking point. 

She is in her very early twenties & dressed in leggings and a sensible top. She is attractive enough but not sexy IMO. No idea of her nationality, but some sort of Asian mix. Excellent English.

Massage is stock standard, with a bit of polite but boring small talk at the start. Although I am not draped, she totally ignores my bum and naughty bits.

Time to flip and she points to my limp dick and asks if I want a hand job. Just like that !!  She was very detached, and I said no. She didn't flinch, just continued with the rub and that was that. 

We exchanged goodbye pleasantries and I fucked off.

On the drive home I smugly thought to myself that if she wanted to sell me a HJ she should at least try and see if she can get me to crack a fat.

Then I wondered if at this precise moment, she was thinking to herself 'Thank Christ I didn't have to pull that old cunt off'.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 30th August 2018, 11:18 PM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
If anyone pops in here, u will just think, what a waste of a huge upstairs venue.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 1st October 2018, 05:02 PM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Was in the city yest, this place has 15 rooms and 1 receptionist, who showed me to a room, and then thought a girl had come to say hi.  This place has the makings of a juggernaut with 15 rooms, but it is at this stage a farce of a place.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 9th November 2018, 09:07 AM
Poster ID: cl-dean
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Nana

Establishment : Phillip Massage

Date of Visit : November 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 1/164 Russell Street, Melbourne

Phone : 0422 149 681

Hours of Business : 0930-0130 every day

Rates : $50/30 plus extras

Age : 30s? 40s?

Size/shape : Chunky to large, massive tits, E cuppers at least

Nationality or Ethnicity : PRC

Services Provided : Massage and extras offered

Value for money/recommend?: Perhaps.

My experience/comments:

I was in the area with some time to kill and remembered reading some average comments about this place (see above). Went upstairs, nicely carpeted and furnished, and an attractive receptionist was there talking to an extremely hot Chinese lady, with another lady there also. This last lady, had the other two not been there would have been pretty awe inspiring as well, but she was up against tough competition!

Desperately hoping for the hot non-receptionist, I paid for 30 mins with $50, and was taken to the room. Undressed, lay down, waited, after a long wait, door knocked, come in I say. I look up to see cleavage. I further strain my neck to see more cleavage. FMD, these tits are HUGE. Clearly not the girl from the front desk, but an acceptable substitute.

Long story short, got an OK massage, with extras offered at prices that were so high I said no.

Unclear if the extras are shop rates or girl by girl.

Nana works Wednesdays.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 9th November 2018, 11:30 AM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Dean this property which is currently in the hands of Phillips massage has the potential to be a giant of the massage industry, if they can get it right.  There are 15 rooms and no bloody girls working here, that's the problem.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 2nd January 2019, 10:59 AM
Poster ID: Genji88
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Nice to know there's some lookers at this place, every time I've been here for recon purposes the talent has been average at best.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 17th February 2019, 05:34 PM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Anna

Establishment : Phillip's Massage

Date of Visit : 17/2/2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 1/164 Russell Street, Melbourne

Phone : 0422 149 681

Hours of Business : 0930-0130 every day

Rates : $50/30 plus extras 70$

Age : 24

Size/shape : Size 6 - c-d cups  5 foot 4

Nationality or Ethnicity : South korea

Services Provided : Massage and topless hj

Value for money/recommend?: For the tits yes

After a straight massage in Lonsdale, i headed to train station, but along way, i thought about this joke of a place, and wondered if it had improved.  It has, with 10 rooms and a wonderful reception area to watch tv, it had too.  The aroma as i walked up stairs was intense.  Met by an Asian girl who walked out from back, black short denims, black tank top, and a sexy orange bra. First thoughts, she is an Asian version of Steph on Neighbours.  Same facial structure, looks like liposuction, high cheek bones and her eyes tended to disappear when she squinted.Her body i thought was ok and I found her to be ok looking at this time.

I asked her if i could wait to meet others, 5 working. She was sort of ok, but soon grabbed a jumper and headed out of shop.  I saw 2 other girls not as good looking, but younger than 1st visit here.. Seems she was heading for a booking at another shop they have an alliance with, Hong kong massage, knew i was not returning here after hearing this.Another girl walked up stairs it seemed to replace her lol. I sort of wanted to stay with this girl now, and she seemed the best looking, and she soon headed back, telling me to make up mind lol.  The only thing that interested me with her was maybe an undies and bra hj.

Into a room 50 handed over, very small room with throwaway cloth.  Initially when i talked to her, she told me to be quieter, later learn't there was a female getting a massage next door. Massage included a towel over bottom, then she sat on top of butt, using elbow and just a very sensual flow with her hands. Had requested medium.Then knees up next to my ears, leaning over me with her handy work. Found Anna to be a quick talker, good english, a quick smile then back to business.  Soft requested for legs, but more of the same, nice feeling with hands, very relaxing, even lifting legs to bend and massage feet.

Asked if i wanted action, her tits had me curious. Offered 50 clothes or 70 topless, no nude and no shorts off, hmmmm. I was in a situation like many other, " i just have to see those tits".  Agreed to the 70. Her gorgeous orange bra removed, her tits were a sight to behold. Beautiful areola's, the right sized nipples, base of breasts were firm and held strong, slightly more shape than pear shaped breasts.  A punter would have begged to do Spanish with her.  Just sensational, i did not really care about the bottoms anymore.

She asked me to get back on guts, then massaged oil into butt while sliding her hands and nails under and massaging balls, i had enough, and turned over. What followed was a slow drip of oil onto hardening penis, which was dam sexy, slow wanking with ball massaging, nipple sucking and kissing of my neck.  I did request sit on top, but she did say no 69er, well she still had shorts on, as she sat up i saw some white undies through side of cut shorts, but as she slowing jerked, she did not lean forward.

She returned to standing and continuing her earlier mentioned methods. I felt the glue building, and wanted to prolong a bit longer, so took her hand off, and touched her wonderful breasts, before her hand work continued,my other hand was under her shorts playing with undies which she was fine with, and i released a very intense orgasm over the guts.  She then cleaned my penis with some tissue, then resumed hot towel dry off on both back and front.  As the session went on i found myself being more turned on by this girl.  Her service was quite good in the end, for what i paid, and i thanked her for giving such good service, when earlier i did ask to meet a few other girls.

Phillips massage has had there fun with me today, i have no interest in returning, now i know girls alternate between here and Hong kong massage, which is equally not the best, but this place may have a lot more business in the future. It is such a modern and clean looking shop. There were a few customers being serviced. Anna's tits may well be worth the 70$.  Worked this Sunday.


Floor: #8
Post Time: 31st May 2019, 11:37 PM
Poster ID: MLMatt
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lucy

Establishment : Phillip Massage 

Date of Visit : May 2019 

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : As above 

Phone : As above 

Hours of Business : 10am til late 

Rates : $50/30min / 75NHJ

Age : 30-40

Size/shape : Petite 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese 

Services Provided : NHJ

Value for money/recommend? : OK 

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

Had read a few of the reviews and was intrigued as to what Phillip Massage might offer. 

Went in on a weekday evening and was asked for money up front. I asked to see the girls first and after seeing 5 landed on Lucy who was the last one to see. Otherwise I would have walked. This place is HUGE and well set up. If it had a higher quality of lady visually I'm sure it would be turning over good coin.

Anyway, into the massage.

Lucy took me into a room that was smallish. Solid door but walls don't go all the way up so could hear next door easily enough. I asked for a massage without oil and the massage was competent. When it came time for her to start to entice me she was reaching up between my legs and grabbing quickly and pinching. It was bizarre to say the least. Give me the tickle instead please! 

we spent 15 mins on the massage and then flipped and she stripped to reveal an OK body with decent C Cups and puffy brown nipples. She was now far more teasing and sensual. After tracing her nails her all over my chest she hopped on the bed in front of me (we were both sitting up) and started to bring me to attention slowly and sensually. We swapped positions a few times and ended up with her sitting on the bed and me standing in front of her as she brought me to a climax all over her breasts. At this venue they bring a soapy bucket into the room... so she started to wash me down before I could say no and then herself. She then came back with wet wipes which was better. 

All up an ok experience. WIR - for a ML who better turned me on, then yes. Lucy was fine - and I had fun - she was just not my preferred type.  

Be interested to see others reviews here.


