Thread Title: Rain Tree -  South Yarra - 0469 014 428
Floor: #1
Post Time: 1st September 2017, 07:35 AM
Poster ID: Goboy
Post Title: 
 Rain Tree -  South Yarra - 0469 014 428
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Kim(and Cindy).

Establishment : RainTree Massage

Date of Visit : 20 August ( approx)

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 35 Chambers Street South Yarra 0469 014 428

Hours of Business : 10-9pm

Rates : $70 per hr

Age : 24 

Size/shape : slender 

Nationality or Ethnicity :Viet and others here 

Services Provided: HJ nude

Value for money/recommend? :yes pretty good 

My experience/comments :I came across this shop whilst looking for a side street park on a busy Saturday morning. It is new , been going about 6 weeks from what they say It is in a small one way street off Toorak rd adjacent to Chapel Street 

I was meet at reception by Cindy , quite good looking early 20s , Viet . 
She said they are new, have some French and English girls too.

On this day she said just 2 Viet girls working ,her and Kim.
I got the vibe Cindy was in charge and I asked to book her , slender , nice looking ,stylish clothes.

She was resistant at first saying the girls have to have a booking as she is managing ,but as I turned to go she said yes ok,she does do massage .

i booked an hour with her and first went to the loo .in addition to the usual in the bathroom it was fitted with those fanny washing hoses and they had been recently used by the water around
hmm good sign ,might be some very extra activity here.lol 

Into the room and it is dark ,clean small, I strip off and sit down and in comes a young lady .I am not sure if it is the one I saw at reception .It turns out after a few minutes of discussion to be Kim ,not Cindy 
A switch.
Kim is not bad looking either, not quite as good as Cindy ,but you would not pass her up any time.
Her English is passable and I think she is mumbling a bit to cover the switch.

I decide ok I've been manipulated but that is life ,with these young fillies and she is bright smiling and nice.

Her back massage is very good She tells me she worked elsewhere before and I am quite happy with the standard
At the 15 min mark,her hands slide down over my sac and without prior indication .There has been no talk of extras.It is a firm steady rub for a few minutes.

I flip, this is too good "what else can you do?" HJ is the reply for $50 "too much ! What about nude ?" 
" ok for $50" she says

She strips off to reveal a very nice body , medium tits , toned arse and slim.She tells me she goes to gym.

I slide my hands over that tight little bottom and under to her puss , no objection however she presses lightly forward to the table , which effectively precludes access from the front. Ok , but she does not mind tit strokes , bum and puss from behind , all good.

Her work is quite nice .She is tender in her efforts to get me off, slow and patient .

All the while I am enjoying smooth skin and generous young lady, and chatty in a non intrusive way.

She gets me off , All with good humor and nice conversation.

Yes I would see her again ,but I want to see what's up with Cindy , so the following Saturday I pass by again with no apointment

Out comes a skinny and unattractive Viet or Chinese girl who says she is only one available.Not for me
I get the feeling as a new place ,maybe light on for staff.

i think there is a bit on offer here but it might take a visit or to to get them relaxed with the customer.

It is an inviting place, not bad at all.On the way out I ask for a card . They don't have one ,but Cindy gives me the mobile above ( might be hers).

I will go back to check out.

Goboy


Floor: #2
Post Time: 19th September 2017, 09:02 PM
Poster ID: Whoops
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Kamila

Establishment : RainTree Massage

Date of Visit : 13th Sep

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 35 Chambers Street South Yarra 0469 014 428

Hours of Business : 10-9pm

Rates : $50 per 30 min

Age : guessing late 30s+

Size/shape : gym fit

Nationality or Ethnicity :Spanish

Services Provided: ?

Value for money/recommend? :yes and no

My experience/comments : showed up without appointment. Not much parking around. I parked outback but was concerned car might be towed.

Was greeted by Kamila who was wearing grey tights and a jacket. Shown into a clean but small room (thin walls) and stripped off. When Kamila came back she had put on fresh lipstick and a low cut singlet showing off awesome cleavage.

During massage I'm squeezing and rubbing her firm butt. No complaints. She starts on my shoulders/back. 5-10 min in she asks hj for 50. At this stage massage was average at best and 50 was waaay too much so I decline. After this moment the massage actually improves. 20 min in she asks me to flip. I can see her awesome cleavage. She is pretty attractive. I have a raging boner but she doesn't bring up extras again. 

All in all, after slow start Massage improved. Extra was too expensive in my book


Floor: #3
Post Time: 11th February 2018, 01:13 AM
Poster ID: Goboy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lucy

Establishment : Rain Tree Relax

Date of Visit : 10 Feb

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 35 Chambers Street South Yarra ph 9044 2533

Hours of Business : 10- 8 pm

Rates : $50 Half hr plus

Age : 32

Size/shape : slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Viet

Services Provided : all 

Value for money/recommend? : yes ok

My experience/comments :
I was short on time and too far from my haunts so decided to look in here.
Met by an Asian woman who gave me a come on look whilst suggesting half hour for $50 .in looks she was slim and fairly ordinary face and dressed in clothes that looked like a shop assistants uniform .Not encouraging except for the come on smile.
Ok half hour.I am usually an hour or more.

I went out back for the


Floor: #4
Post Time: 11th February 2018, 01:43 AM
Poster ID: Goboy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Admins
Half my post did not register so I redid but not accepting it because over time limit
Goboy


Floor: #5
Post Time: 24th March 2019, 08:34 AM
Poster ID: Goboy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Tiffany

Establishment : Rain Tree Relax Massage

Date of Visit : 23 March

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 35 Chambers st  Sth Yarra

Phone :9044 2533

Hours of Business : 10-9pm

Rates : $50 half hr $70;hr

Age : 28 approx

Size/shape : slim 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Viet

Services Provided : NHJ , bbbj

Value for money/recommend? : very nice

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

It’s been over a year since my last visit here. It is a cramped  little shop , small rooms, up a side st off Toorak Rd
It is however clean,replaceable table covers( which were changed as I dressed to go) and clean towels

Tiffany was one of two working . Her mate was hidden away so I could not say about her.

Tiffany had moderately good looks , slender and very inviting smile and personality throughout.
I am a one hr punter ( or longer ) generally but as we walked into a the very tight room she said “ half hour?” So I ran with that . 

As time was short I stripped off and lay face up .
Tiffany came in and with a laugh “ ready for action”
As is the case with many girls  she compared junior with her arm length and “I like” 
“ yeah ,yeah we guys have heard that before”

She was a smiley pleasant young woman throughout

Negotiations on the menu.She said HJ $50 and I gestured Bj and NHJ 
A bit of of argie barge and settled on $80 WTF 

She stripped off to show a nice firm figure , not large boobs ,but very nice

She immediately bent down to kiss my neck and then slid into DFK I could have stayed all day for that.
I enjoyed. 
Her BJ was very slow and steady and I could feel a finish coming fairly quickly
I think she sensed that and slowed to a HJ then back to  Bj 
I completed in her HJ stage but  felt she was up for CIM I will test that next time
A nice performance from her.
She cleaned with wet ones and I turned for a back massage ,fair to good .

She was very ok with hands on the puss and some clit work She went through the motions of coming with that  .
She  was well lubed ( I wondered what she had been up to , I will test next visit)

Tiffany’s English is just moderate .i think she is recent arrival

WIR yes I will

She works Saturday and Mondays

A good punt 

Goboy


Floor: #6
Post Time: 19th April 2019, 04:16 PM
Poster ID: Koloman
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jennifer

Establishment : Rain Tree Relax Massage

Date of Visit : March 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 35 Chambers st Sth Yarra

Phone :9044 2533

Hours of Business : 10-9pm

Rates : $50 half hr + $70 extra

Age : guessing early 30s

Size/shape : slim, B-cup bolt ons 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Viet

Services Provided : NHJ 

Value for money/recommend? : yes /no /maybe

My experience/comments : 

Jennifer is very good looking with a nice slim tight body. She was dressed in a nice body hugging red dress, looking me up and down with a sultry look, when I walked in without a booking on Wednesday afternoon. I was quite impressed.

The usual payment, strip, lie face down and wait. She walked back in, and started with a decent massage, but very little teasing which I was disappointed with. Time to turn over, and she proceeds to clinically massage the legs but no hint of tease, no eye contact, and a serious almost cold look on her face. Nevertheless she eventually looks up at me and asked if I want extras and say she can strip off for $80, we settle on $70.       

She reveals a very nice bod, allows me to touch her, but the HJ is very clinical with no eye contact. And super serious. I got over the line, but the coldness was a bit of turn off.

She leaves me to get dressed and put the towels away. She comes back in whilst I'm still dressing and she's a different person. Big smiles, asks me my name, tells me hers and what days she works (Wed and Fri). Tells me she hopes I come back. The split personality has me confused. Perhaps me she was nervous and sussing me out as I was a new customer. Maybe I passed the test? Who knows?

I am in two minds as to whether to go back. Looks wise she is definitely worth going back for, and if she opens up and is more accommodating that would be great. But if its the same coldness, forget it. We'll see.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 19th May 2019, 06:42 PM
Poster ID: Goboy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jenny

Establishment : Raintree

Date of Visit :19 May 

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 35 Chambers st Sth Yarra


Phone :9044 2533

Hours of Business : 10 - 9


Rates : $50 30 mins and $60 45min

Age : about 28- 30

Size/shape : slender

Nationality or Ethnicity :  viet

Services Provided : NHJ

Value for money/recommend? : No absolutely no

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

I did a walk in here and met by a slim attractive woman ( sexy and sultry)

Settled on 45 mins for $60 

Paid her , stripped off lay  face down ang she comes in , longhair now  pinned back ( not an attractive style) She is dressed in a black shoulder less dress with open back Sultry.

Back Massage is fast and swirly Not such that you would settle into it relaxed.
I tell her slower and softer She has one spead and no idea how to slow and no touch at all.

No contact on the crack or boys either as we get in to it and she is still swirling around at 18 min mark so I asked to turn.

She goes out , comes back for a wash down and then flip She signals straight away a HJ 
I counter signaling N and BJ  She shakes the head ,no to the BJ , but will do NHJ for $80 or HJ fo $50 
We settle on $70 for NHJ

She wants me to get up and pay her now ( I hate this but I suppose it is protecting herself from her viewpoint 
I indicate However i am not happy ,but comply) 

She takes down her top I say that’s not what we agree After a little disagreement and surliness from her she takes the dress off and leaves her underpants on More disagreement She wins. They stay on.

She has a very slender figure and boltons Very nice.
 I find on a little feel that her arse is flat with no muscle Not nice at all.

She starts into a speedy HJ and I tell her to slow down.
She  is a few minutes into it and starts looking at the clock ( about the 20 min mark) 
“ you cuming”  I say take if easy I have 20 more minutes “ No “ 5 minutes “she says
I  tell her I have paid for 45min 

She starts to aggressively argue ( flaring eyes) that it is near 45 minutes

 I say forget it  iI am not for an argument with a loopy lady 
I tell her I am going “ hot towel and I will go” 

“ you not happy.?’ “ “ i certainly am not”  I say  “ and I won’t be seeing you again” 
 She wipes down my crotch with a hot towel and goes out and as I am dressing she comes back in ( she is now dressed ) and singles can she do more HJ

I say no 

“ you not happy” with a sarcastic air 
I tell her she is doing the wrong thing

As I am dressed I call her back from the hallway and point to the wall clock which is still  showing that even after dressing 
I 10 minutes to go 

She says no clock is wrong . I show her my watch which shows the same as the clock 
She just walks out I tell her on the way that she is not someone I would ever see again 
She doesn’t seem to care

Oh well I guess this job attracts all types and is not an easy easy anyway

The short and long of it is that she has no concept of client empathy and is ( the best way I can put it ) a little minx ( or worse)

I have had a couple of good punts here but this was not one of them

She works Wednesday and Friday ( filling in today)

She is very nice looking , so I guess she has no problem getting them in but I doubt that she has any repeats and does no good for the reputation of this shop
A shocker

Goboy


