Thread Title: Relative Therapies - 373 Clarendon Street, South Melbourne - 03 9690 3337
Floor: #1
Post Time: 22nd April 2019, 07:16 PM
Poster ID: Goboy
Post Title: 
 Relative Therapies - 373 Clarendon Street, South Melbourne - 03 9690 3337
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sarah and Alice 

Establishment : relative therapies

Date of Visit : mid March and 19 April

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 373 Clarendon Street sth melbourne

Phone :9690 3337

Hours of Business : 10.am to 9 pm

Rates : $70 hr and $50 half

Age : mid twenties

Size/shape : sarah solid Alice slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : massage NHJ body slide

Value for money/recommend? : pricey but good

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

I have visite this place about 4 tomes ( tried to review but lost the review to outer space)

I have seen Sarah about 2-3 times 

She is not inexpensive. For NHJ she wants $100 and body slide $150 but she is worth.
 it She is not exactly good looking and has a large tanned skin smooth bum which she uses to great effect in body slide .
Very nice big boobs and solid but nice body .firm and tanned she is a gfe  type of girl I enjoyed her immensely finished with cum on her back between beautiful cheeks she lowered her pricing for me to $100 on 2 nd visit I just asked for NHJ but she delivered the works (not Bj or FS) just bs.
A very good massage as well 
I would return for her She works 2 days ( from memory Friday and Monday)

I did a walk in and sarah was busy
I was going to depart but decide to give Alice a run (she had what appeared to be nice boobs ) 
I thought she would be conservative but was pleasantly surprised 
Massage was good I flipped She wanted $150 for bs We negotiated on $80 after I told her to forget it ( a slow day) 

When it was over I paid a $100 because she put so much into it Her bs was not as good as Sarah but there is something about her She is quite enticing when she breaks the ice Very nice large boobs slender body 

During  a nice massage she was preoccupied with oiling the crack I learnt why on the flip as on the flip she inserted an unasked for finger for a prostate massage that was slow and easy 
She became affectionate and when over told me her life story “you have heard it all before “ in a rye sort of way 
Great English and a very good quality lady I will return for her
The place is upstairs with gym equipment down stairs Good rooms ,choice of futon bed or table and has a shower .closes at 9 pm sharp
A good facility and nice girls 
I have also seen Ya ya( vG ) and I think her name was Linda ( also VG) 
Goboy


Floor: #2
Post Time: 12th May 2019, 09:54 PM
Poster ID: Goboy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Eva (I think)

Establishment : Relative Therapies 

Date of Visit : 12 May  

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 373 Clarendon st Sth Melbourne

Phone : 9690 3337

Hours of Business : 10-9pm

Rates : $70 per hr

Age : 27

Size/shape : slim 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : just a massage but more available at a price

Value for money/recommend? : no

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

I dropped in here in the evening
Eva is on the desk and rugged up
She says just her and Daisy and Daisy is busy.

I pondered it for a moment until she leans back in the chair and pushes her boobs out (innocently.)
hmm inviting.

I say ok for an hour 
We do the futon bed in a dark room.

She is small but well covered Appears to have ample boobs which appear to be strappest down (awaiting release),Long hair light skin (looks slightly Chinese She is from Nth Thailand which explains that) Passable looks.

I lie face down on the futon and she covers me with a towel Not a good start. She massages through the towel which was ok then asks me if she would like to remove the towel Ok 

She starts on the back of the leg and straight away her hand slides up to the boys "you want more.?" "$60" ( I think she was indicating HJ)

Well maybe I say 
I "what can you do " $50 for HJ $100 topless and $150 nude HJ "and you can touch" Is that all ?

I counter with$80 for body slide and after "no" she says she will do boby slide for $150 She is starting to annoy me because she seems to be a person of no customer concern or generousity.

I counter $100 for b slide 

She says "no" I explain that at $150 plus the gate fee of $70 , that is $220 for a nude HJ and what I can get at the nearby FS shop (licensed) for $120 She is not to be moved and either doesn't understand the economics or is out for the kill.

I say ok let's just do a massage She says $50 for HJ 

I say" no it's ok just a normal massage will do" Silence

So we have a slightly annoyed (on her part ) stalemate.

By now I have assessed her as greedy little minx and basically , calculating , but she is not for turning 

Ok by me So the massage continues in a stilted and ultra quiet demeanour 

She asks "are you ok? Would you like to make it 30 minutes ?( by which she means she would , to get down stairs and find a new chump). I smile very pleasantly and "No all is good just keep going with standard massage" I can feel the fumes.

I keep the conversation light and pleasant which annoys her more.

She tells me she is studying business ( I felt like explaining basic business principles to this lady  that sometimes you modify your price and get a repeat next week and maybe the week after rather than goodby forever and nothing tonight.

She tells me she works in Thai shops in Kew and Essendon so I make a mental jot to avoid those .

She endeavours to finish the hour in 40mins but I ask her to do my chest and stomach which she had left undone. Done and time now up.

Hot towel

I further keep the conversation light and tell her nice massage (which seems to confound and annoy her more )

She does the hot towel and as she prepares to disappear she says "see you next time maybe free (sarcastic )" 

I say " i don't think so as I have a few nice regulars here) 

Steer clear of this little gold digger.

Goboy


Floor: #3
Post Time: 13th May 2019, 12:58 AM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
The i can get fs nearly for 120, that line just never works with the rub n tug mobs. Over time have just accepted the way things are now here. Best to avoid the temptation to pop into these places.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 13th May 2019, 10:51 PM
Poster ID: Goboy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Well fortunately Braunie there are a few here like Sarah here who are up for a fair bit more ;at a price) lOL
Goboy


Floor: #5
Post Time: 1st June 2019, 09:43 PM
Poster ID: Goboy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Emma

Establishment : Relative Therapies

Date of Visit : 1 June

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 373 Clarendon Street Sth Melb.

Phone : 9690 3337

Hours of Business : 10- 9pm

Rates : $70 p hr plus 

Age : 24 

Size/shape :slim 

Nationality or Ethnicity :Thai 

Services Provided : NHJ and BS

Value for money/recommend? : not really on the value side

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

Dropped in here on a cold night to warm up and Emma was on the desk . Other 2 girls with customers .

Emma is quite pretty , slender and rugged up for the cold.

She is not too enthusiastic ; eating her dinner on reception. I ask who is on (ya ya and another name I didn't know.).

I deliberate, 
Ok 1 hour 
She takes me to a dim and very warm room and tells me to take it all off.

I do and lie down and cover my butt with a towel (because I don't know this girl ) 

I tell her " relax massage"
Her English is good She starts on the back ; feet first then props on my covered butt and does a nice back massage.
i didn't realise time was slipping by , enjoying her work I have only 20 mins left on the flip.

On the flip she points to junior and says "do here?

She had been brushing the boys before the flip and had me ready to go on.

I ask what can you do $50 for HJ ,$100 top off , $150"body to body",

I offer $100 for BS but she is quite firm .
She is not going to change and with only 20 m left I am not going to debate.
Oh  well I regrettably agree .

She asks me to pay first . I hate that and it does not usually happen here.(not a good sign).
I pay and she strips off.

She has a beautiful body .B cups , smooth perky breasts , slender body ,a beautiful bubble arse  nice long hair and a very nice face.

She starts her BS , rubbing her very nice tits on my face and sliding a firm young body all over me.

She keeps her position so that I can rub her arse and stroke a waxed hairless puss but there is no leg over for DATY .

She moans and encourages me but there is something missing for me .
She is a little artificial and mechanical and not enough GFE .

She works a bit vigourously too and sorry to say does not get me over the linemthough she puts in a lot of effort , but she has one eye on the clock and that is a turn off for me.

Next time(if there is) I will flip earlier.

She is very pleasant whilst I am dressing.Tells me she works in High st Kew 1 night a week and here 2 nights .

I ask her if she does exchange massage Yes she does  " we do next time".
So there may be an opportunity to reve her up next time.

She agrees that next time we restrict the back massage time ,I can work on a massage on her and then leave more time. Sounds good to me.
Ok by me.
I must say her puss is smooth and inviting and her bum very nice .

I ask if she might do a BJ "no never" .oh well

Would I return?
Well I see Sarah here a little bit .(a big girl who is very generous and a real GFE for me) 
So I probably will try to encourage a bit more from Emma before giving up on her.

This shop is not bad .The girls are all young but they are all up for N and most BS (but their prices are adventurous ).

Sarah and Alice have a more realistic price structure.

Goboy


