Floor: #1
Post Time: 21st May 2018, 05:27 PM
Poster ID: poundedhat
Post Title: 
 RELAXATION MASSAGE & BODY CARE in RICHMOND/ABBOTSFORD!;  0487 710 022
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Cherrie or Sherry

Establishment: RELAXATION MASSAGE & BODY CARE in RICHMOND/ABBOTSFORD!

Date of Visit: Late one evening 2nd week May 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: 459 Victoria Street, Abbotsford, 0487 710 022

Hours of Business: 9.00 am till 12:00 midnight

Rates: 30 Min $45, 45 Min $65, 

Age: Late 40-50 I'd guess, certainly wasn't young

Size/shape: Size 8-10, flat bum size "b" up top


Nationality or Ethnicity: Korean, although looked Chinese

Services Provided: Massage, nude, CBJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes for what you get, cheap and nasty,

My experience/comments:


  Walked in after a depressing visit to a friend in a nearby hospital. Just needed to be relieved of a load. As you walk in there is the sign CASH ONLY staring you in the face, with the list of standard massages. As I say cheap and nasty.


  This older Korean lady (Cherrie) shows me to the room and turns this huge heater on next to the bed that soon heats up the cold room. Nude up and in she comes and starts the half-hearted rub of the back. Within 2 minutes she leans over and say you want something special?.. I say BBBJ she says no only CBJ for $70, say no $50, we settle and $60. She then takes off her clothes and gives a bit more rubbing around and asks me to turnover. She then put on the condom and off she goes. To my surprise it was quite good, you could tell she has sucked cock before. As we get close she rips of the condom and finishes me by hand, I get dressed pay the $60 and leave within 20 minutes of walking in having achieved my aim.

Would I go back?  Probably not except if I was in need of a quick relief


Floor: #2
Post Time: 21st October 2018, 05:25 PM
Poster ID: pancho
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
RELAXATION MASSAGE & BODY CARE in RICHMOND/ABBOTSFORD!; 0487 710 022
PERSON'S NAME: Carla

Establishment: RELAXATION MASSAGE & BODY CARE in RICHMOND/ABBOTSFORD!

DATE OF VISIT: Sunday morning in October 2018.

CONTACT: Details/Address/Weblink: 459 Victoria Street, Abbotsford, 0487 710 022

HOURS OF BUSINESS: Somewhat flexible lol.

RATES: How much have you got ?

AGE: FIIK but probably 40ish.

SIZE/SHAPE: Size 8-10, Small to medium perky soft tits. Body petite, no fat.
Very clean, fresh, & feminine.
Overall she is quite attractive IMO.

NATIONALITY: Korean,

SERVICES PROVIDED: HJ 

VALUE FOR MONEY ?: 
FUCK YEAH !! 8am Sunday $30.00+$5.00 for nude HJ including tit & pussy play. 
Her prices are a couple of centuries out of date. 

THE REVIEW:

Thank you to Poundedhat for his review in May 2018 which piqued my interest. 
BTW I think it should be in Eastern Suburbs section, but I may be wrong.

It had been a long but fruitful night, but that is another story.

I am on my way home at 8am on Sunday morning. I just happen to be slowly cruising past 459 Victoria Street Abbotsford. 

UNFUCKINBELIEVABLE !!! Several flashing lights are claiming this joint is open. I was not feeling particularly horny, but my curiosity went into overdrive. 

I parked the car and waited for the traffic to clear. I tried to look inconspicuous as I approached the front door. I expected to find that someone had simply forgotten to turn the lights off.
I tentatively pushed the front door, and it opened. So I take a few steps in, and a little Asian head pops out from behind a curtain. 

She is very short and is wearing a onesy thing that I presume is her sleep wear. However, her hair and make up are impeccable. She smiles and whispers "Hi Hi Hello". 

"Oh umm hi hello goodaye, umm I err umm didn't think you would be open." Not the most creative response I have ever uttered. 
We continued our whispered greetings until she decided enough of this chit chat. 

"You want massar ?" She whispered. "Oh yes I do" I whispered back. I fumbled in my hip pocket and produced cards and cash. "But I only have $30.00 on me". I fully expected her to whisper directions to the nearest ATM.
But no. "Ok I just give you hand job" she whispered. So we excitedly whispered our way into a pokey little massage room down the hall. 

A mature well adjusted customer would probably ask "Why the fuck are we whispering ?" But I felt as excited as a school boy who had just accidentally seen his 25 year old blonde bombshell of a neighbour, rubbing baby oil on her tits.

She gives me the usual instructions and asks for the money upfront. Fair enough. Again, I pull out my cash and count out $30.00. Well stuff me! there is actually $35.00. She snips the extra fiver and justifies it by whispering "I take all off". Fair enough. 

She leaves me to it. She takes forever to return. Eventually, in walks what I thought was a different woman. We jokingly figure out that the little black dress and the ridiculously exaggerated stilettos, make her seem taller and way more mature, than the onesy she was wearing before.

I am sitting on the side of the table playing with my cock. I lament the fact that it does not look like Young Pancho is going to rise to the occasion.

She tells me not to worry about it. She is confident that she can get me going. I feign disbelief. She stands between my legs and unzips the little black number. I admire her perky tits. She asks me if I like small. Naturally I praise them to the hilt, and to show my sincerity, I pop one in my mouth, as I tweak the other one. 

She takes a step back and wriggles out of the dress, and loses her little black knickers. She has a fine petite body, adequate tits, and a neatly trimmed mound.

She moves back between my legs, and we start to caress each other. I suck on a tit and have a hand rubbing her arse. I am also brushing the backdoor entrance to her fanny.

By now she is rubbing my limp dick. I realise this is not going to do it for me. So I start to kiss her neck and I sneak a few quick glances at her face. Her eyes are open, and she is just going through the motions. 

I whisper in her ear to go slow, and I start to kiss her ear and neck very passionately. She slows right down. Her eyes eventually close, and she is gradually responding in a slightly GFE fashion. We have all the time in the world. Young Pancho's blood circulation is ever so slowly starting to increase. Ah yes !! this is looking good !!

Then the bloody front door bellows like a fucken footy match siren. She has to pop her dress back on, and attend to some cunt. I hear lots of talking, and she parks him in another room. When she returns, the circuit has been irreparably broken. The atmosphere is now cold, commercial, and impatient.

I suggested she deal with him and I will wait. She is not having a bar of it. She even suggested that I DIY. 
Wowee what a change !! She has gone from being the sexy little nymph who is going to have my cock throbbing, to the mercenary opportunist who just wants me out the door pronto. 
I told her that DIY was not going to happen, so she hurriedly jackhammered me over the line.

As I get dressed she starts fixing up the room. She stumbles on some stuff that clearly annoys her. In particular she finds a discarded pair of red G bangers. Hmm someone is going to cop a spray about housekeeping rules.

As a courtesy, I dressed quickly. I asked heaps of questions which she really would have preferred not to answer.

Her name is Carla and she is Korean. I think she owns the place. She says she is always there. Her age ? FIIK. I see women like her in the supermarket with their teenage daughters. Mum usually looks about 5 years older than the daughter.

For $30. + accidental $5.00, I really can't complain. I hope Jerseybull is impressed with me. 
It was a funny experience all round. 
In the end I got what I paid for. But geez, I think what could have been, if that fucken doorbell had not rung. 
What a desperate bastard ! Going for a RnT at that time, and on a Sunday too. No no no not me, HIM. I was merely conducting a sociological experiment.

WIR ? I would like to say a definite no, but if I could guarantee being first cab off the rank, I reckon she's worth another crack. 
However, I would not want to go in at the close of business. 
Eww.....if you get my drift.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 22nd October 2018, 08:54 PM
Poster ID: Jersybull
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Haha good one Pancho.
Yes, I am certainly impressed with this effort, for a couple of reasons.
The time of the day for a start, dont think I have ever punted that early.
Secondly the price, unbelievable value.
The best I have ever had along this stretch of road, not far away was a $30 clothed HJ with Kelly, nothing else paid. 
Mine was cheaper than yours by $5.00 but I reckon when you add in the pussy feeling and the sucking of the tits made your effort much better value for money, well done.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 23rd October 2018, 07:59 AM
Poster ID: pancho
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Ha ha ha thank you Jersey. 
I welcome encouragement from the Master of GVFM.

I have never had the balls to negotiate straight to the main event. 
But I am inspired by your adventures to now give it a go..Lol

When we eliminate the "massar" price, the punting cost benefit analysis takes on a whole new glow.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 24th October 2018, 12:19 AM
Poster ID: Billabong Bill
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Wow! A $35 special at 8 am.Just make sure you are fully awake and ready for action


Floor: #6
Post Time: 28th October 2018, 05:27 PM
Poster ID: pancho
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by Billabong Bill


Wow! A $35 special at 8 am.Just make sure you are fully awake and ready for actio
"""



Ha ha you are right Bill. My problem was I had run out of blueys and could not stock up at that hour of the day.


