Thread Title: Royal City Oriental Massage - 307  Swanston St, Melbourne - 03 9639 3692
Floor: #1
Post Time: 15th November 2014, 08:47 AM
Poster ID: Goboy
Post Title: 
 Royal City Oriental Massage - 307  Swanston St, Melbourne - 03 9639 3692
				
Post Content: 
Persons Name: Esta
Hours of Business: 11- 10 pm
Date of Visit: 12 Nov.
Contact Details: 96393692
307 Swanston Street Melbourne (opposite State Library)
Rates:$80 per hour
Age early 20s
Size /shape :slim
Nationality:Chinese
Services Provided:massage (maybe more)
Value for money: Yes
Thuursday night was balmy and warm.Decided to go for a walk in the city .Put on the tracky,runners and t/shirt.with the intent of trying this place out ( which I had passed a few times) It could have been in Hanoi or Bangkok such was the balmy warm night. city was crowded with lots of gorgeous Asian girl students at that end of Swanston st all heading out for city street dinners and fun . Plenty  of short skirts and laughter on a hot  night.
This place is not to be confused with Royal City  top of Elizabeth street.
Went in about 9.30 pm. Nice Chinese girl on the desk ?How much for one hour? $80 .Hmm slightly over the odds ,but give it a try.
"you want oil?." Yeh sure "$5.extra" Lol  gotcha 
Receptionist say "they close at 10 but can do extras time ,girl be with you soon " 
Nice clean room.She says " leave underpants on" bugger .i say " you can't massage properly like that "and appear to go. She says "ok" I can see what I have got here from that start .oh well.
i strip,off ,but leave jocks on for the moment and prop on side of table
Knock,knock,"come in" and in walks an effeminate looking guy in a uniform."sorry" I say "but I arranged a girl for the massage" nice pleasant smile"I will arrange "  he says and off he goes  WTF.
Knock, knock again and in come a diminutive young lass in uniform.Oh well , hopefully a good masage,just lie back and enjoy.
I start to talk to,her ,"What your name,where are you from? Are you studying etc" .i drop the jocks and lie down starfish .
She puts a towel over me and starts a very strong and know what she is doing massage 
As the talk slowly goes on ,I notice that she has quite a deep voice . Oh oh ,what have we here?
Well, it all,looks professional,so at this point just lie back and relax . Massage  goes on and all proceeds in a very professional way.Top quality.My shoulders and back had been tight and sore and she is really getting in to it. No worry about the boys ,all proper and legit.
After 40 minutes I turn over to have a further look.She is quite attractive and I observe hands are small Ha ha ,no sign of an Adam's apple ,and the voice is lighter and feminine when I talk again about study and Melbourne , so I come to the view that she is a true she .
After 50 mins , she does the clap,hands slap ,so things are coming to an end .
She has been rubbing my front with things somewhat exposed .I start to get up and she says ,"have I done all the areas that you want?"
I am half off the table,when I have a good look at her and she is in a sort of  slightly excited sweating mode , panting a bit,dreamy eyed.
I have been a bit detached to not catch on quickly, to be frank .i have missed the boat as I first notice this when I reach for my jocks and start to put them on.She is leaning on the door watching ,sort of waiting for more  , but I am in la la land after a strong massage and my head is not there.
i tell her that I would like to come see again ,with out much attention  to the occasion.
She says ,in a serious way and still in this semi panting manner  " you come see me? .i hope so".
"Of course" 
On the way out the place is deserted , all have gone home . I give her a small tip $10 for a good legit masage and can't help then,for the first time  refecting and decided that there was more value in this massage and from this woman than what I had been alert to . Stupid man.
( by then ,I had come to the realization that she was all woman Lol)
Goboy.


