Thread Title: Sabaydee Thai Massage - Lvl 1, 146 Acland St, St Kilda - 03 9942 0607
Floor: #1
Post Time: 3rd January 2013, 02:30 PM
Poster ID: Goboy
Post Title: 
 Sabaydee Thai Massage - Lvl 1, 146 Acland St, St Kilda - 03 9942 0607
				
Post Content: 
This place is sister to one of same name at Paramont Bourke street melbourne

Place.Subaydee level 1. 142a Acland st St Kilda 
Girl. Linda ( used to be Shirley)Age . About 23
Nationality.chinese or Taiwan
Date of visit. About 30 December 2012
Cost.$75 for one hour plus extrasServices.massage plus rnt and n
Hours.10 am to 10pm


This place is fairly new .one of three they run( inc city and Belmore rd Balwyn)
Went therein the evening after recommendation from girl in city branch
Saw Linda (Shirley). Place sells itself as Thai massage but it is not ,that I could see
Set up is very nice 
Very clean,with showers,can have table massage or Thai style on futon
Girls and mamasan all seem cheery and obliging Linda is


Massage stated with clothed good quality back massage and on flip she asked what I would like 
Indicated $50 for HJ ,isaid $30 which was accepted or increase to $50 for n  which was accepted
Very nice job 
Linda is slim, glasses, dresses shorts and transparent summer top.nothing to write home about in looks but a pleasant girl and worthwhile visit for the massage alone
I endeavoured to upsell the massage but for her, and on this occasion ,what I got was it


You would return to this place because it is professional ,clean and seems to be well run


Floor: #2
Post Time: 9th January 2013, 02:09 PM
Poster ID: LetsSeeWhatsHere
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Ivy

Establishment : Sabaydee Thai Massage

Date of Visit : 8/1/2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :

Hours of Business : 10-8pm

Rates : $70 massage + $30 extra

Age : Maybe 40's

Size/shape : Thin with great rack

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai...I think

Services Provided : Massage HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Massage average but definitely would return for the HJ.

My experience/comments : Had read the previous post and thought I would give it a go.  I booked in for late morning.  Rocked up and handed over my $75.  Was shown to the room which was simple with a solid table and very clean and also has full height walls and a door (not a fan of the curtain ones).  

I undressed and lay on the table with a towel over me (the room faced onto the main entry) and after a minute or so in walked Ivy.  She was attractive for her age with a big rack for a Thai girl (not originally hers I am guessing).

Massage started which was ok.  She pretty soon was brushing past the boys.  She did the back and legs then on the turn it was pretty obvious that she was aiming for a tip.  She offered up a HJ which I accepted.  I did ask for top off but refused but allowed a bit of touching of her very tight arse through clothes.

The technique was amazing, not rushed at all and basically mind blowing.  There was lots of rubbing all around and even some very gentle use of the fingernails which after about 10mins did the trick.  Off she went for some hot towels and made completely sure that all the oil etc was cleaned away then finished the session off with a head massage.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 30th May 2013, 09:28 AM
Poster ID: centrino1
Post Title: 
 Maggie from stkilda
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Maggie

Establishment : sabaydee stkilda

Date of Visit : 13/5/2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : ackland st

Hours of Business : 10am till late

Rates : $150 an hour

Age : 30's

Size/shape : B cup, slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Irish

Services Provided : Handjob

Value for money/recommend? : Yeah

My experience/comments :

Found maggie on locanto. Texted her to make an appointment . Made a 1 hour appointment . 

Showed up on time to be greated by maggie. Place seemed ok just stank of paint and thinners probably because of the works next door.

She lead me into the room and told me what my options were. So I agreed for full body naked. Had to pay upfront of course and she told me to tAke my clothes off and lay on the table.

I layed on the bed and she proceeded to massage me. You could tell she has done some kind of course because the massage was good. 

So she jumped on top of my back and was sliding up and down. Then she said turn over. I did and I said do I need a towel she said don't worry about it. 

So she massaged around and grabbed my shaft little bits here and there. Then she grabbed more oil and proceeded to pull me off. I didn't ask for this and let her go. As I reached climax I grabbed her Ass and blew all over the place. 

She cleaned md up and told me I had 15 mins so she finished my back off lol. She then said we have a shower here and here you go . I was very surprised and left feeling relaxed and happy.

Would recommend


Floor: #4
Post Time: 26th August 2013, 08:13 AM
Poster ID: woodpecker
Post Title: 
 Thai Massage
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Gina

Establishment : Sabaydee Thai Massage (st kilda)

Date of Visit : Aug 2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : google sabaydee thai massage

Hours of Business : 10-late

Rates : 60 min $70 (extra $30)

Age : 28

Size/shape : Size 6, curvy

Nationality or Ethnicity : Taiwanese

Services Provided : Massage, HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Okay - not too bad

Heys all, 
Went in on the evening and asked for a 1 hour massage. Was directed to a room by a cute-ish looking girl. She was definitely new (about 2 - 3 months in) as she had no idea how to work the heater from the air-conditioning unit. she asked me if I knew how to work it out. 

Long story short, I managed to get the heater up and running.

Stripped down and she asked if i wanted a hard or medium massage. I told her medium will do.
She started massaging the back first before slowly moving down to the legs and then her hands moved up towards the inner thigh and bum region. Slight brushing in between the legs always sends a lovely tingling feeling.

Came the time to flip over and she slowly continued massaging the legs all the way up.
She doused her hands with a bit more oil and started stroking the big brother.

I slowly cupped a feel of her legs and bottom and slowly worked my way up to her boobs. She way a bit shy (probably cause she's still new) so she distanced herself as I was reaching the top.
I asked her politely if I could feel her boobs, she just smiled and shook her head. So I let it go and did not want to press further.

She didn't mind me touching her legs and her ass.
Not long after, I reached the tipping point and she helped clean me up.

It was quite busy at that time so she asked if it's ok if she left me to exit by myself. I said it was fine and I left.

WIR? - Maybe..but may want to try others.


