Thread Title: Sabrina's and Pings - Paramount Centre - CBD Melbourne Victoria
Floor: #1
Post Time: 17th August 2019, 01:22 PM
Poster ID: pancho
Post Title: 
 Sabrina's and Pings - Paramount Centre - CBD Melbourne Victoria
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Kayii & Unknown


Establishment : 1. Sabrina's. 2. Ping's 


Date of Visit : 15/08/2019


Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Paramount Centre, eastern end of Little Bourke Street, CBD Melbourne Vic
Pretty much walk in joints. 


Phone : Unknown but Irrelevant 


Hours of Business : 10am - late 


Rates : $40.00 per 30 mins. Plus whatever is negotiated for extras.


Age : 40 +


Size/shape : Both slim, medium tits.


Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian (Chinese I presume)


Services Provided : Massage & HJ and whatever else you negotiate.


Value for money/recommend? : Although cheap, not recommended. Not VFM, IMO.


My experience/comments : Two reviews merged into one punt.


IMO mature age Asian MLs fall into two distinct categories. There is no in between. 


TYPE 1. Warm, affectionate, sexy, excellent skills, and great VFM.
TYPE 2. Hardfaced, desperate,  greedy, jackhammer, rip off merchants.


The law of averages suggests I am due for a good punt. I have just had 2 duds in a row. Totally my fault for acting impulsively. 


There is no shortage of TYPE 2s hanging around The Paramount building. It is at the eastern end of Lt Bourke Street in the CBD.  They actually loiter outside their shops, a la Grey Street hookers. On Thursday they were trying to lure the 'after work' sector. 


A 45ish battle weary (but fuckable) MILF was leaning against the staircase rail outside of Sabrina's. She directed me inside and relieved me of $40.00 for 30mins. She actually gave a half decent massage. 


Her name is Kayii. Her English is almost non existent. She wanted $50.00 for a clothed HJ. I indicated she would need to nude up and allow touching, before I would even consider her application. 


She was not budging, and either was I. Eventually she offered $30.00 for a HJ. I closed my eyes and said "No, just massage".


When I left, there was a small, reasonable looking, 50ish MILF, loitering outside Pings. She asked me if I had enjoyed my massage. Geez talk about being stalked. 


She asked if I wanted to go again. I said "No I don't want a massage." She tried to persuade me. I then suggested just a HJ. She tried for $50.00. We settled on $30.00. In we go. 


She tried to up the price to include a sling for "The Boss". I motioned to walk out. She reverted to plan A. As I handed over the dosh she asked for another $5.00. FMD !! I gave her $30.00 and she disappeared.


She came back just as I was dropping my daks. She pushed me onto the table while I was still half dressed. She poured way too much cheap oil on my cock. 


Now, her objective was to get me outta there ASAP. 


She grabbed my limp dick, and jackhammered away. She was as delicate as a bricky's labourer on speed. I tried 5 or 6 times to slow her down. She was totally clueless at cock handling.


As an insult, I said to her "Jeeeezus Christ, haven't you ever had a boyfriend ?" She answered with a sincere straight faced "Not for long time". 


I started getting dressed. She tried to apologise. I said "Stop apologising, you can keep the money, I just want to get outta here". 
She achieved her objective.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 17th August 2019, 03:39 PM
Poster ID: Jersybull
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Haha, well done Pancho, archieved your objective well within your budget I reckon, even if she was not top notch.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 17th August 2019, 04:18 PM
Poster ID: cl-dean
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Pancho, not that it's much consolation for you, but there are several type 1 MLs at Sabrina's... I've found you just need to go through them and work out which is which. Dean


Floor: #4
Post Time: 9th October 2019, 05:09 AM
Poster ID: Goboy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
The Paramount is becoming like our answer to the Singapore commercial building sex centre or Nana in Bangkok .

I cut through there yesterday afternoon on way to Lt Bourke lunch.

There are two new shops in recent times Now a total of 8 in the centre itself 

So downstairs there are 6 and upstairs 2 (plus the hairdressers who fiddle around) One or 2 may be legit.

The thing is 3 of the shops are competing quite aggressively.

The girls stand leaning in the doorway and wave demonstratively to come down , dressed in short tight outfits .

I walked through on the top floor to check out the scene.

There is a fairly new shop ther called Ozen on the top flooor ,with a cumly Korean girl giving me a come up there  as well as the Paramount 
As I am walking along the top level , and a woman in the shop next to Sabrina down next level is waving up frantically to me and cocking her hip in little giggles.
 I go down the escalators to check her out  and two Pings girls are " massage? You have good time" I am not a fan of Pings Went there a couple of time several years ago ;a collection of aunties with dirty towels and cold water buckets

I walk around to Sabrina side 

Up close the lady who did the  waving is out all smiles and trying to pull me into shop door.

 I ask what's on the menu She gives a big wink "I look after you very well" but not giving anything else away She is early 30s ,attrackive slim ,short tight skirt,I've heard that before.I would like a little more definition of the menu.

I think I will pass on that.I tell her "later" She, " you come back baby"  .

I walk passed the next shop and one girl is out sitting on the steps "can I look after you? All smiles .

I have to go.


This is all fairly blatant; god knows what the other shopkeeper think .

It seems they are filling the massages into one end of the centre .

I think the Japanese one down stairs and one other Chinese may be fairly legit ,

And of course out in the top end of Bourke there are 2 shops .Hong Kong' just outside Paramount and another up further , which are both 12 am venues , and the top end of  Lt Bourke Easeland , 
.Quite a little massage centre of activity.

 I don't know if any are FS but they are certainly full on.
Goboy


Floor: #5
Post Time: 14th October 2019, 12:52 AM
Poster ID: Genji88
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I get your point but the big difference (aside from the LB's in NEP) are that OT & NEP have attractive women - I'd rather wank to Porn than get a handy off of the talent working in Sabrina or Pings


Floor: #6
Post Time: 20th October 2019, 02:37 PM
Poster ID: Genji88
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"plus the hairdressers who fiddle around"

Goboy, You mean you've actually got a Hj from a Paramount hairdresser or just a figure of speech?

A (bald lower) head massage or better yet a Blow n Wave from the Hairdressers sounds splendid!


