Thread Title: Samui sunset - West  Melbourne - 9326 5615
Floor: #1
Post Time: 30th May 2017, 09:45 PM
Poster ID: Goboy
Post Title: 
 Samui sunset - West  Melbourne - 9326 5615
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Vell ( I think)

Establishment : Samui Sunset West Melbourne

Date of Visit : 20 May 

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 355 Victoria street West Melbourne 9326 5615

Hours of Business : 10 - 10pm

Rates :70 per hr 

Age : 23

Size/shape : slender

Nationality or Ethnicity :Thai 

Services Provided :RnT nude 

Value for money/recommend? : yes

My experience/comments : I had been to Port Melbourne and their Albert Park Samui Sunset shops to check them out after a long break from them( both RnT and nude) and saw they were opening this new shop in West Melbourne on 18 May.

So I arrived after the opening day to give it a try.The staff came from their other shops.

There were 2 young ladies on,both pleasant and smiling on entry to the shop.The place is new and quiet.
The girls said not much custom yet. 

I chose Vell (I think that is how she said it)',for 1 hr
Stripped off , futon mattress, no towel covering .She is quite relaxed on entry ,me without a towel.Big smile She comments that I am "big boy down there"

What would you like? "  Me " relax and what ever you can do"
 She gestures $50 HJ and $70 nude

i know from the other shops that the Samui franchise that the  girls stick to their $50 HJ ( union rules),
So, ok for me .

She peels off to show a neat  body . She kneels on the floor beside me, legs tight ,no action there.
She doesn't mind a bit of roaming hands  around the boobs ,but that's it.

As with all the Samui girls they know how to massage.She does a very good back massage , quite a bit of wandering around the crack and sac and then on the flip straight in to it .

I found her a bit vanilla, impersonal and just going through a routine , big smiling and pleasant . However as a  consequence  I was bored and did not get over the line.

The staff here are professional and it is a good relaxing 10 pm pit stop shop ,but for me that is it. 

On the way out I spy another shop over the road ,still open at 10.15 pm . 
With blue balls I wander over.
It is called BF5 Massage Therapy at 346 Victoria St ( 0499 655 888) .There is a mid thirties Chinese ML still on , not overly attractive but clearly projects sleaziness and indicates she is well up to do the job and whatever else I want
It is .$40 for 30 mins and another $30 for a topless 

I go for that .She takes her gear fully off .Not a great figure but ok.
Her HJ got me there .She was right into it ,hands everywhere ,moaning and groaning .

I think she offered full service but not sure with the accent.Her name was Angela.Not exactly Angela Jolly in the looks department but a sleazy , I will do what is required lady if the money is there .It was ok for a roughie.

Goboy


