Thread Title: Sense of Thai, Port Melbourne - 03 9646 7652
Floor: #1
Post Time: 1st June 2017, 05:17 PM
Poster ID: whiteywhite
Post Title: 
 Sense of Thai, Port Melbourne - 03 9646 7652
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Angie

Establishment : Sense of Thai

Date of Visit : May 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Sense of Thai – Sense of Thai

Hours of Business : 

Rates : $75 hour massage

Age : Late 20's

Size/shape : Tiny thai lady

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Semi naked RnT

Value for money/recommend? : For me yes

My experience/comments : This is my usual haunt when I want some young cute Thai bird to give me a great massage and a good tug. It's expensive, but I know that. I have my favourites, but this day I was given Angie, who i've seen a couple of times before with only a vanilla RnT. 

Now if you think getting a finger up the date is wrong, then stop reading now and go read some other review.

Anyway Angie started the massage, asked how hard i wanted it today, and my response was "extra naughty". She giggled and asked how naughty and I said I wanted it as naughty as possible. Long story short, I was offered topless only, pants had to stay one. Fine, whatever I could get. THe massage started and I could tell she was going to tease the hell out of me. Good massage interspersed with tits and pussy being rubbed on me. I loved it when she kneeled at my head, rubbed her crotch on my face, her tits on my back, and her hands playing with my balls and taint, while i tried my best to grab her ass. 
After a few minutes of this, she moved back around between my legs and started playing with my ass. I showed appreciation, so playing turned into a finger. I might have suggested I liked this, because on became two, then three and eventually four, slowly fucking me while also either massaging my prostate externally or playing with the fella.

After quite some time of this, it came time for the flip. She cleaned her hands, and came and nestled next to me so I could suck on those great B cups. I was grabbing her ass and pussy through her clothes, then got naughty and slid my hands into her pants. She didnt object, but shifted so i could effectively finger bang her while she stroked my cock with one hand and stuck a couple of fingers back up the date. This didn't last long until I blew so hard it actually went up over my head and landed on the carpet behind me. I sure hope they steam clean the carpets in this place :-)

Anyway, totally spent I went off to the shower. I tried to convince her to join me but she wasn't up for it.  I over-tipped her I had such an awesome time, and left with a massive smile on my face.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 10th March 2020, 06:23 PM
Poster ID: whiteywhite
Post Title: 
 Sense of Thai - Port Melbourne - 03 9646 7652
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Isa

Establishment : Sense of Thai Port Melbourne

Date of Visit : Feb 2020

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :  Sense of Thai – Sense of Thai 385 Bay Street Port Melbourne

Phone 03) 9646 7652

Hours of Business : 10am - 8pm

Rates : $75 Massage $50 Tug +

Age : 30ish

Size/shape : Average Thai size 10

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : RnT

Value for money/recommend? : 

My experience/comments : 

Been here hundreds of times, used to love it as the massage was great, the premises clean, the girls young and cute. They never provided cheap extras, but the quality was worth it.
I made a booking, but non of the girls I liked were roster ed on. It seems since I left that half have left, and most of the others aren't there as often as they were.
Anyway, into the room, on the matt, and the massage started. This was the best part of the experience, her massage was as good as I remembered from this place. Whoever teaches or screens them is amazing. It's the type of flowing massage they provide i find just sends me crazy.
As she approached the groin, i asked for bum tickle. She said "you know it's extra yeah" and I said yes based on my previous experiences. She did a tiny little bit of um tickle but seriously about 20 seconds worth. 
Come the flip, again the teasing was OK but the tug was very average. Eventually I came though and cleaned up, went off to the shower which is always clean however... some fucktard(s) had stuck gum on the walls. Seriously.

Back into the room, and she wanted $100 in tips for the service. $50 for the tug and $50 for the 20 seconds of bum tickle. I told her to get stuffed and no girl has ever charged me more for that. she tried it on for a bit but must have been worried I'd tell the mamsan as she eventually gave up. Ruined the whole visit really.


