Thread Title: Suki Massage 343 Little Collins Street
Floor: #1
Post Time: 15th October 2018, 10:41 PM
Poster ID: MLMatt
Post Title: 
 Suki Massage 343 Little Collins Street
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : JoJo

Establishment : Suki Japanese Beauty and Massage 

Date of Visit : October 2018 

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 204/343 Little Collins Street 

Phone :

Hours of Business : 10-9

Rates : 59/30 + 50

Age : 30

Size/shape : Busty 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Not Japanese 

Services Provided : Massage + HJ

Value for money/recommend? : OK

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

Had seen this massage centre advertising on Locanto so thought I'd check it out. 

Caught the elevator up and then walked through a series of corridors before i arrived at the door. 

IN i walked and a cute mamasan told me JoJo was available for 30 mins so into the cleanly prepared room I went. Lovely, clean soft towels and for those following me, many spares for the next punters. They pride themselves in cleanliness it seems!

Anyway. we started the massage and she was straight into tickle play  with lots of long strokes all up the legs and buttocks and down into the gap! The massage was actually pretty good. 

Fast forward and it was time for the flip with 10 to go. Negotiated HJ for - sigh - $50. She steadfastly refused to go topless or nude saying "not allowed here". Oh well, i was horny and we got on with it. Was quite sensual with an experienced double handed twist and pumped me clean for a few minutes after erupting. 

She then grabbed more clean towels and baby wipes and I left happy, relaxed. WIR - the punter next door was clearly enjoying himself so I'll be back, but this time for a different ML who might do nude. 

Location was nice and private despite walking past about 12 open offices in the hallway before getting to the massage door!


