Thread Title: Suki Beauty - CBD - 0434 698 369
Floor: #1
Post Time: 4th March 2019, 02:42 PM
Poster ID: cl-dean
Post Title: 
 Suki Beauty - CBD - 0434 698 369
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Cindy

Establishment : Suki Beauty

Date of Visit : March 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0434 698 369. There was an ad on locanto but I can't find it now.

Phone : 0434 698 369

Hours of Business : Unknown

Rates : $59/30 mins + extras

Age : 20s

Size/shape : A fine strapping lass!

Nationality or Ethnicity : Viet

Services Provided : Massage + HJ

Value for money/recommend? : No / yes

My experience/comments : 

This appears to be the same group that operates out of Lt Collins St. The prices are the same. The uniforms are the same. 

I had a meeting cancelled on me close to 125 Swanston St, so contacted them. Text messaging was straightforward. Got in, got up, and was met by this absolute vision. A tall, busty girl with a great set of legs. Yes, I will have a massage with you!

Into the room, I strip, in she comes, gives me my $1 change, and starts off what was an excellent massage.  After about 15 minutes I was invited to flip, and after a brief chat I left a tip of $46 (she wanted $50, I only had $45 plus the $1) and the massage came to a satisfactory conclusion. My God though, this girl is absolute eye candy. And she knows it.

Word of warning: as part of their customer experience program, they sent me a lovely follow up text later that evening thanking me for being their customer. If others have access to your phone, beware!

I'd return for Cindy. The other two girls who were there were not much chop and (IMO) shouldn't command a premium. And at $60/30 mins gate fee, this place is on the expensive side, especially as they use cheap baby oil.

Dean


Floor: #2
Post Time: 6th March 2019, 06:55 AM
Poster ID: Goboy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Yes Dean  this is the sister shop to Lt Collins street 

Cindy also works 2 days at Station Street Moorabbin where she does bbbj and N 

I had clothes off and HJ with some body slide (very nice) with her at lt Collins st , but strictly (for her) no bbbj there ($80 for what we did ,good value and a dedicated performance leg up from her for access,  touching and lots of leeway from her 

She says boss does not allow bj there although I did ,( without names,)  draw her attention that one other lovely girl at Lt Collins st was very accomodating there to me with a long toothy bbbj (but that did not move Cindy) 

Still , at Moorabbin , Cindy was right into it , in fact for 30 mins full on bbbj ( but on a return visit she told me , slightly off putting tone of voice, that 15 mins was her limit for bbbj  ,so I regretfully passed on her on that day , to tell her what I thought of that and her 
(  ,silly me.i have regretted my impetuousness ever since and I am a bit sheepish going back to her , LOL , after laying down the law on that day) I should have reviewed her , but I was a bit crapped off at her attitude ( which in hindsight may have been justified from her view point , or maybe she just had a bad day) 
In fact I had thought that there was more on offer with her as a Reg.

.And you are right Dean , she is a “big Strapping lass” Without her gear on she has a large firm posterior , well shaped body (although a bit of weight) and very firm very nice boobs  ,large tanned and firm.A sight to see.

Goboy


Floor: #3
Post Time: 27th April 2019, 12:38 AM
Poster ID: Goboy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Kiki

Establishment : Suki Masage 

Date of Visit :26 April 

Contact Details/Address/Weblink level 10 125 Swanston st Melboirne: 

Phone :0478 923 366

Hours of Business : 10-9 pm

Rates : $89 per hr

Age : 24

Size/shape : slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : maybe viet or Japanese

Services Provided : massage and rnt

Value for money/recommend? : maybe 

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

This group have moved premises from Lt Collins street and same set up as there ; there is no directory board to them here The also now refer to themselves on line as Lux Massage

Online they blitz the adds. They run about 10 different adds under various"Japanese massage" .
Not sure if they are Jap at all , Maybe so

The new place in Swanston st is in the Century building near Li Collins st ;  , like the old it has walls that don't quite hit the ceiling , for air flow.
Consequence is that there is talk carrying over the walls and everyone's business is everyone's business.

It is a clean set up I don't think they have showers but towels are changed and fresh.

The place however was a bit chaotic when I went

 I booked a girl called Mimi when I came in . 
Recepionist said she cant do busy ,come back for 1 hr in an hour So I went and returned .

Cindy was busy too.

I arrive Mimi says she can do half hour only and another girl a half hour .i protest .
I say I have made a 1 hr. booking and say no good for me ( who am I to pay the  extra to after all )
it is on deaf ears to Mimi , as though she did not understand.

Mimi goes into another customer; too bad for me

They tell me Cindy can do in 10 minutes. I have seen her before and she was a bit of a bombshell tigress at Lt Collins st Ok for me.

Whilst waiting, this place is as busy as Swanston st itself Guys coming and going everywhere Chaos.

I'm go to a room , strip off and prop on the table .After 20 min Door opens , receptionist says Mimi is sick and can't do 
( which is  her confusion or I assume a white lie as mimi is in the next room going for her life)

I wait and wait 40 minutes sitting stripped off on the table , can't believe it. 
In comes Kiki

She says Cindy has gone to another customer WTF, but she can do
( this is one hell of a chaotic place)

I have seen Kiki before at Lt Collins st She is a good girl , affectionite and caring: massage is however nonexistent .

At Lt Collins She was into much more than HJ (clothes stayed on) a bit toothy on the job.

Here she says new rules apply ;  Hj only and they have cleaned out adventurous staff from previous and any outlandish practices go too.

Kiki settles into a long long HJ that went for 40 minutes ,  god bless her.
Gentle and slow and lots of  neck kissing ets (but nothing else).

On this day no back massage, as I got straight into face up .

Menu for today is HJ and head rub ; clothes on as before ( funny little doll type uniform with pink frilly aprons) 
She allows a bit of hand down the back of the tights for a caress , but that's it

Nice girl.Studying aromatherapy and living in the city 

Gets me over the line ,hot towel and Japanese tea to finish.

Would I return ? A bit boring to be honest I think I would experiment with the others I like a little more action,as we all do

She was telling me about the stresses of the job where some guys get very physically aggressive and demanding of the girls( a bit of a behaviour wake up call to us all to be gentlemen with these young ladies ; somewhat disconcerting)

Goboy


Floor: #4
Post Time: 27th April 2019, 09:57 PM
Poster ID: Jersybull
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Goboy, you say $89 an hour in the headings, is that for the massage only? Was the HJ extra I cannot see it anywhere in the review, how much all up?
Thanks


Floor: #5
Post Time: 28th April 2019, 10:31 PM
Poster ID: Goboy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Yes Jersy and not cheap $50 for extras Clothed HJ only
I could probably has got a further reduction but I thought a bit of persuasion would have seen her revert to previous ways but no go
Goboy


