Thread Title: Suki Hidden Massage
Floor: #1
Post Time: 8th September 2019, 05:07 PM
Poster ID: Goboy
Post Title: 
 Suki Hidden Massage
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Noira 

Establishment:Suki Hidden Massage

Date of Visit : 5 sept

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :lev 6 365 Lt Collins st Melbourne 
(See on Locanto- Suki Hidden Massage)

Phone :0431 923 366

Hours of Business : 10 am - 9 pm

Rates : $59 30m $89 60 mi

Age : 25

Size/shape : slender , dark skin,pretty

Nationality or Ethnicity : said Japanese ( maybe Thai)

Services Provided : NHJ

Value for money/recommend? : reasonable

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

This is a new shop on level 6 of an office building at 365 Lt Collins st.They used to be next door at 379 Lt Collins , then openned Lt 10 at 125 Swanston , which still operates.
The girls still dress in Lt bopeep Japanese pink frills 

 I called up here for 1st time on Thursday . It is a quite entrance in an office hallway . Not much going on around there.
The shop is set up like their other venues; clean , and relatively private ( although some walls are not fully to ceiling and a little of next room audible ) . The have about 4 rooms and on the day I went there seemed to be about 4 girls working.
Recptionist is Japanese and pretty I think she massages only  when busy.
They rattled off 3 girls names I could see .I feigned memory loss and asked to see them and they obliged
Two were young Asians  and the third was very attractive darker skinned Noira 
i took an hour.
Into the room, small ,clean towels,and Japanese music.

I strip off and lie down sans and Noira comes in cheery and I am thinking " good choice".
She covers me with a towel so she can mount me and starts on back.
i am analysing her voice which I think possible has some of those trans overtones .I can't be sure.

The back massage is taking too long and when she gets to the legs there is little brushing and I am getting impatient .We flip at 35 min .
Straight away we address junior " Can I do for you there ? " Sure what else " I ask 

She quotes $50 for a clothed HJ $75 topless and $100 for N. She mumbles something else which I don't get so later I conjecture there may be more ( probably a BS)

I go for the N@ $100 ( yes a bit toppie I know but I have been to their sister shops before and that's where it is)

She strips off Very nice ( all girl on the outside anyway)  I come to a view that she is indeed a she ; 
lovely .womams arse and curves 
She is very nice indeed Small to medium boobs and slender body.

For those who don't like tats , too bad ,She is a work of tatood artist is all very attractive.( not too much though)
We talk i say looks Thai. She says many speculate that I wonder again if she is a beautiful Patong trans ,but I think no.
She starts to rub her boobs up and down junior and a few nice kisses from a laughing face All very good 

She sort of mounts my legs and into a handy , all the while rubbing her boobs on my chest and a little moaning .She is playful and does not discourage touching all over .
She gets me there easily ( I could have booked another hour I speculate)

She cleans me up with hot towels and a few kisses and we settle the damages when dressed. There are no showers here.

She tells me she works here Thursday and only been there a month and works on other days at Ormond "near the train station" on Sunday and Moonie Ponds Wednesday

i guess I would see her again as I suspect like a good wine ,she will improve further with time.

Only slight negative was on reflection their pricing is on the higher side

Goboy


