Thread Title: Thai Thai Panisata Massage - 82 Acland Street St Kilda Victoria - 0403 449 855
Floor: #1
Post Time: 28th November 2017, 09:50 PM
Poster ID: pancho
Post Title: 
 Thai Thai Panisata Massage - 82 Acland Street St Kilda Victoria - 0403 449 855
				
Post Content: 
PERSON'S NAME : Eileen
ESTABLISHMENT : Thai Thai Panisata Massage
DATE OF VISIT: 07/11/2017 Melbourne Cup Day 2017 - 8pm
CONTACT:
Details/Address/Weblink : 2/82 Acland Street  St Kilda Victoria
Phone; 0403 449 855
As far as I know they do not advertise.
HOURS OF BUSINESS : 7 days 10am - 10pm
RATES : $1.00 per minute
AGE : 1st punt early 20s
2nd punt Eileen 40+
SIZE/SHAPE : short & curvy. Not petite but not chubby.
NATIONALITY OR ETHNICITY: Thai 
ENGLISH : just OK 
SERVICES PROVIDED : 
Massage, HJ, Arse Play. No touching of her at all.
VALUE FOR MONEY/RECOMMEND ? Not particularly, but could have been a lot worse.

MY EXPERIENCE / COMMENTS : 
I stumbled on this joint a few weeks ago. It was 8pm on a Thursday.It is an old fashioned  building, directly opposite The Vineyard Restaurant.The Advertising board out the front tells me that a Thai massage joint is on the 1st floor and the price is $1.00 per minute.

1st PUNT
I walk in cold, & take a punt at $30. for 30 mins. The inside of the place is surprisingly clean and hygienic. All very legit & professional looking.
An almost elderly Thai woman appears, and directs me to the room. I nude up. There is a stern & detailed notice about no sexual hanky panky. 
My therapist finally arrives. She is young, big, & ugly. I told her I want a soft massage.  She then proceeds to give me the hardest massage I have ever had. 
There are no accidental touches of anything anywhere. I am not game to push boundaries with this meat head.
She didn't go higher than my knees or lower than my mid back. "Finish" and she disappears. Oh well it was only $30.
For the next week or so my whole body, particularly my back, felt amazing.

2nd PUNT
On Melbourne Cup day, I pondered a return visit. It is not pricey, & I love an RnT challenge. Not the big sheila though.
A sign on the door says 'busy now, please return at 8pm.' So I did, right on the dot.

This time the senior person was a quite attractive curvy little Thai woman, aged on the wrong side of forty.  I thought I might have more luck with an hour booking.
She showed me into the front room. It was large & spotlessly clean, with two oversize massage tables.I dismissed a very young therapist who came a knocking.  So it was the senior ML Eileen who got the gig.

I was very aware of the warning signage, so I decided to be fairly passive. She asks if I have any areas of concern for her to concentrate on? I told her I just wanted a soft relaxation massage, I need to unwind, relax, too much stress etc. 
"Oh you want RELAX massage ? Ohhh OK " and she immediately flings the towel that was covering my arse, off the table. 

Ah good girl, this might get interesting ! She used long slow strokes, and eventually her finger nail started to rub my arse crack a little more than was really necessary. 
I did not muck around. I stuck my arse up in the air. She responded by giving the sack, crack. & cock, a most intense seeing to. 

On the flip the momentum was interrupted by haggling over extras charges. We settled on a HJ and her fingering my bum hole, for an additional $50.00.

She knows her onions. The balls and cock were being attended to by one hand. The middle finger of her other hand was penetrating my arse. 

This all progressed to arse fingering and cock jerking in perfect unison, and slowly building up to a fantastic orgasm. Fuck it felt good. I left with a spring in my step, & a smile on my dial.

No shower offered before or after. Not an issue for me personally, as I live close by. But it could effect others.

I was very disappointed with the no touching bullshit. She claimed she had a phobia about being touched anywhere at all. Crap !!

WIR ? probably not. Been there done that. I don't have the time, motivation, or money, to see if I can improve on her performance.


