Thread Title: Yu - Lou Lou Relaxology   - Abbotsford Vic - 9429 8887
Floor: #1
Post Time: 20th December 2016, 07:27 PM
Poster ID: pancho
Post Title: 
 Yu - Lou Lou Relaxology   - Abbotsford Vic - 9429 8887
				
Post Content: 
This place is a gem. I have had fantastic service here and always excellent VFM.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 24th December 2016, 09:17 AM
Poster ID: pancho
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
In this little pocket of Victoria St. You have 3 shops. 2 are almost next door to each other &1 is directly opposite.

This competition keeps them all on there toes.

I have always had great VFM around here.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 24th December 2016, 12:52 PM
Poster ID: bent_leg
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Doesn't say where but sounds like Abbotsford Victoria (not Abbotsford NSW).


Floor: #4
Post Time: 24th December 2016, 01:03 PM
Poster ID: arranger62
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
yes it's Victoria


Floor: #5
Post Time: 4th January 2017, 10:02 AM
Poster ID: pancho
Post Title: 
 Lisa - Lou Lou Relaxology, Abbortsford Vic - (03) 9429 8887
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lisa

Establishment : Lou Lou Reflexology & massage

Date of Visit : 17/11/2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Shop 9, 409 Victoria st Abbotsford Victoria 

(03) 9429 8887

Hours of Business : 10-8

Rates : $40/30min

Age : mid thirties

Size/shape : Petite

Nationality or Ethnicity : Vietnamese

Services Provided : massage HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes


This is a Chinese massage joint which suits this area to a tee. This could be anything.

I could not see the receptionist unless I went inside the shop.

"You want massage ?? 30 minutes 40 dollar. Before I knew it she had my dosh & directed me into a dark massage room.

In walks Lisa. She told me to get undressed & pointed to the table, and she left the room.

She was back quickly, asked the usuals, & settled on medium. I could not really get a decent perv at her, but I realised she was not ugly. There was no draping, but she very assertively placed my arms in the dangling at the side position.

I took this to mean that I had better not try to be a smart arse, so I didn't. 

The massage was quite ok. She was covering every possible lump & bump & muscle, and I was starting to worry that time would be up, and maybe there would not even be a flip. By now I had low expectations, and resigned myself to the fact there was nothing I could do about it.

The massage just seemed to go on forever, and I was nearly asleep. Eventually, she gave my buttocks a good authentic massage. 

Then thankfully, she completely changed the whole vibe, and used two hands to lightly rub my crack, and tickle my perennium. She then used two hands to come back up my crack and repeat the whole procedure again. She must have repeated this little trick about a dozen times before suggesting the flip.

I now had the chance to check her out properly. She had long jet black hair, a tight petite body and the cutest little arse ever. All covered with a little black one piece mini number. She also had a lovely face. She looked to be in her mid twenties, but on closer examination she may have been in her thirties. 

I am now on my back, and it occurred to me that she had absolutely avoided any brushing of her body against me during the massage. My hands were lightly gripping the sides of the table, and I was not about to start pushing boundaries. Well not yet anyway.

She had a good look at my half mast cock, and continued to slowly & sensually rub my thighs and stomach. I was gradually becoming more interested.

Then she stopped. Gave the universal hand signal and asked " you want ?" I asked how much & she said "thirty dollar". I must admit, I really despise the way the momentum is broken, and all of a sudden we all become barterers. Even so, I could not believe the words that came out of my mouth. "Nah don't worry about it" and she continued her slow sensual massage. 

She also stood in a position that placed my hand between her bare thighs. I didn't flinch. She then quite purposely pressed an inner thigh agains my hand. This time I absolutely flinched. As she continued to massage me, I am running my hand all around the top of her inner & outer thighs, I occasionally gave her pussy a light rub, but I couldn't get a decent crack at it without breaking momentum & risking a rebuke. 

I decided that discretion would be the better part of valour, and concentrated on rubbing her lovely little bott bott on the outside of her nickers. During this, her mini had crept up to reveal a pair of little pink panties. I hovered around the the elastic and dropped my hand inside the back of her nickers. I felt her roar arse, there was no resistance what so ever, and so naturally I decided to very lightly rub her tight little fanny.

I would have been quite happy doing this for the rest of the day, but it was clearly ridiculous to think that I had just knocked her back for a tug. Great minds think alike. She smiled at me and said "ok then twenty dollar". Of coarse I agreed.

She oiled up my now rigid Pancho, and started the pull. I continued rubbing her fanny via the back door. I did not try to insert, and I was hoping she would get sopping wet.

Unfortunately the best I achieved was a bit of increased moisture which I brushed over her clit. She seemed to enjoy it, but was nowhere near getting her rocks off. I sniffed my fingers when I was back in the car, as you do, and it was all very clear & pure & no scent at all. Maybe it was only lube ? Dunno.

She continued with the pull, but once she knew she was home and hosed, she went the jackhammer and I shot my bolt way quicker than I would have preferred.

On the clean up she was a little more talkative, but not much. She said her name is Lisa, & she is Vietnamese.

I am sure if I had the money and the motivation, repeat visits would render all sorts of fun with this little cracker. She told me she works daytime from Monday tovSaturday.

I left with a spring in my step, and only $60. lighter in the old hip pocket.

PS: She definitely improves on repeat visits.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 20th August 2017, 08:07 AM
Poster ID: pancho
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Geez Gravey you did well. 
She probably had the hots for you, but even for you she could be a bit YMMV.

I procrastinated & missed out on seeing her GRRRRR.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 2nd October 2017, 12:49 AM
Poster ID: pancho
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Ann 

Establishment : Sweet Care Massage (formerly Lou Lou's)

Date of Visit : mid September 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Shop 9, 409 Victoria st Abbotsford Victoria, (03) 9429 8887

Hours of Business : 10 till late.

Rates : 70/hour.

Age : she says 37, I say 40 +

Size/shape : About 5'2". Size 8 to 10. Wonder ful tits, medium to largeShoulder length black hair.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Vietnamese

Services Provided : Massage, tit play, fanny rub, HJ.

Value for money/recommend? 
Yes

My experience/comments : 

A couple of Thursdays ago I was feeling itchy all day. I kept running out of time during the day.  Then I had to go to a bloody school concert. Some old mole at the end was thanking everyone by name, from the Pope to the cleaner. 

I eventually escaped with just enough time to make it to Sangthong Thai joint in Elsternwick. All I will say is I got messed around & insulted big time. So it was off the table, on with my clothes, demanded my full refund, and I am outta there. I've got blue balls, and business to attend to.

Peddle to the metal, and next thing I know it's 10.30 pm and I am outside Eden joint in Victoria Street Abbotsford.  I notice at Sweet Care joint 2 doors up, the advertising board is on the inside, but the lights are still on.

Curiosity and all that, I poke my nose in the door. A short 40ish Vietnamese chick is tidying up. Knowing Eden was still open, I was not particularly fussed. "Oh oops sorry, you want to close up" I said.

"No no no you come in I look after you, I look after you, I give you good massage" this was music to my ears, probably enhanced by my earlier encounter. I paid her the usual $40. for 30 minutes.

We immediately start chatting, as we head to the front massage room. I confirmed she is Vietnamese. I told Her I have seen another Viet girl there by the name of Lisa. "She very nice person, gave me a beautiful massage, ahh she is very very good" I said, hoping to get her competitive juices flowing.

"Ah Lisa ? Yes she is my friend." She then went on to explain how she & Lisa are running the place while the boss is away. She tells me what a good working relationship they have, how close they are, how they trust each other blah blah. 

Her name is Ann, and it is time for the rub. I am in the usual face down position & she starts a stock standard massage. "You like ? Ok ? Ok ?" She asks at about 3 minutes in. "Well actually I prefer soft soft slow, um you know, nice & slow soft sexy ha ha" I tell her. 

Ann immediately oils up my lower back & ensures warm oil is slowly oozing down my crack. She almost ignores my back and goes straight to the business end of proceedings.

She rubs my perineum & arse crack, in a manner that I would rub a pussy. I was loving it. She was bending over me sideways for some reason. My hands decided to join the party. I groped & fumbled up her leg and around her naughty bits. I thought I felt a waxed fanny.

I quickly flip. She goes straight for my balls. I am thinking, just  hold your horses Ann, or this will be over before it starts. I break the momentum by suggesting she should get her tits out, which she does. "Fuck it, you might as get it all off" I encourage. She happily complies.

She is short and solid, but not fat. Her fanny appears to be neatly trimmed, fucked if I know what I was groping earlier. Her tits are fantastic !! I often claim that I am not particularly a tit man as such. But these big juicy bouncers would convert a monk.

Nature takes its course very nicely. The only disappointment for me was, that whilst her tits looked amazing, they were not particularly sensitive. Usually when a set of tits are a woman's best asset, in my experience, they love being flattered about them and usually it moistens up the fanny when they are played with.

Ann did not seem to think they were that big of a deal. I was doing what I thought was my finest work on them, but all to no avail. She let me do as I liked, but the effect on her was one of polite indifference.

On the other hand, there was no indifference from my end. She was handling my cock, balls, & perineum like an expert. Being a gentleman, I indicated that a bit of DATY might add to her enjoyment. I don't remember her exact wording, but she matter of factly explained that she was not clean down there, and despite my enthusiasm, she was doing me a favour. I got her drift, and silently agreed with her that a woofy cunt was the last thing I needed. 

At no stage of proceedings did she talk of money and interrupt her momentum. I decided that now would be as good a time as any to allow a pleasant looking chick, in the nude, with a smelly box, and great set of tits, to pull me off.

As soon as I shot my bolt, she got dressed and continued to massage me. I rolled over on my tummy & asked her to give my lower back a going over.

She became extremely chatty and inadvertently quite funny. It was almost verbal diarrhoea. She was telling me how easy it was to relieve men of their hard earned. All you have to do is this. And she gave my arse crack another little rub. I refrained from saying "No shit Sherlock !!"

She continued on, in a mixture of broken English and I presume Vietnamese, to give me the benefit of her wisdom. It was along the lines of never ever do business with, or trust Vietnamese people. Thai, Chinese, Malays, in fact all Asians, they are all the same. All liars, all thieves. Just do not trust them. 

The paradox of a Vietnamese woman, with a heavy accent, and in broken English, ranting on in a manner that would make a Pauline Hanson script writer cum in their pants, was fuckin hilarious.

And as if to prove her point, when I was getting dressed, she told me several times to always ask for her, Ann, not Lisa, when I come back. 

I pulled some money out of my back pocket. There was a lobster and a pineapple. She assertively suggested the pineapple. She had been such a good scout throughout, that I had no hesitation in handing it over.

I drove home with a smile on my dial. Mission accomplished. I was thankful that she had been honest about the hygiene of her twot. 

Nothing worse than getting into the car the next morning, to be greeted by the smell of stale anchovies.


Floor: #8
Post Time: 2nd October 2017, 09:27 AM
Poster ID: Frontloader
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Nice one Pancho. Maybe she saved you from a fanny that had already endured some work throughout the day. At least you heeded her warning.


Floor: #9
Post Time: 3rd October 2017, 01:27 AM
Poster ID: Gravy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thank you pancho. I have met Ann. You describe her perfectly.


Floor: #10
Post Time: 19th October 2017, 08:42 PM
Poster ID: monsa
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lisa
Establishment  :  Sweet Care Massage
Date of Visit     : 11/10/2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Shop 9, 409 Victoria st Abbotsford Victoria (03) 9429 8887
Hours of Business : 10-Late
Rates:                    $45/30min + $30 extra
Age :                     30 something
Size/shape :           8 / Slim
Nationality:            Vietnamese
Services Provided : RnT Only

Value for money/recommend? : Yes / Meh

My experience/comments : 

Popped into this place last week following a meal out on Victoria St with friends, wahtever night it was that lashed down with rain.
Was originally planning on visiting Eden, however, on walking past caught sight of a larger looking ML working there, so thought I'd jog on.
As you can tell, didn't get much further along (next door really) if anyone knows these places when the call of the wild was too strong so popped my head into Sweet Care.
Was met by Lisa in Reception.  There were a few working as I could hear other voices out back but didn't glimpse anyone rlse
Hadn't been there before and Lisa was attractive and appropriately aged for me as I don't like the younger ML's as their massage skills tend to be wanting.
Asked for only 30 mins as was first time and was told $45 although above seems to indicate rate is normally $40, perhaps a late night premium.
Stripped down and Lisa returned and proceeded to deliver an OK massage with small talk.
Was asked if I'd been before and answered 'of course'.
Over with the flip and was asked the question if I needed any other help with the obvious rod pointing north :-)
Nice enough HJ was delivered, however, whether it was first time with Lisa, a short session, late night or ymmv wasn't a particularly sexily delivery.
Very cold, with Lisa was swaying beneath my touch over clothes but moving away before anything further would develop.
Nice enough finish, however, would probably not choose Lisa again or if I did would opt for longer session.
Anyhow, perhaps should have stuck with the larger ML @ Eden and maybe received a better service.
Anyhow, not a particularly exciting episode but happens sometimes and is what it is as reported.


Floor: #11
Post Time: 27th October 2017, 06:46 PM
Poster ID: monsa
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Ann
Establishment : Sweet Care Massage
Date of Visit : 23/10/2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Shop 9, 409 Victoria st Abbotsford Victoria (03) 9429 8887
Hours of Business : 10-10
Rates: $70/hr + $50 Naked HJ
Age : 40 ish
Size/shape : 12 / Medium Busty
Nationality: Vietnamese
Services Provided : Nude HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes / Yes

My experience/comments : 
So following on from last week's adventure with Lisa, thought I'd try the other regular here Ann based on reviews above.
Popped in early in the week around 10pm ish having confirmed Ann was still working and available.
Was met in reception by Ann herself but having never met her before almost blew it by introducing myself asking if Ann was around because I had a booking, doh :-)
She said, yes that's me lol and took me down to a room to prepare and went off to get me water.
Ann returned shortly after and asked whether I wanted strong, medium or soft to which I responded strong.
So on she goes with what turns out to be an EXTREMELY strong massage.
Now I don't mind the dep tissue style and since I play a lot of sport it's actually good for my recovery and am used to the pain.
Deep tissue should only really be painful if your body is sore and has knots which I seem to be in a permanent state of these days.
Was left with a couple of minor bruises which should never happen if done properly, but overall Ann knows what she's doing deep tissue wise.
Anyway, Ann is quite chatty and in between my grimaces I chat back.
On with the flip and Ann proceed to massage with strengh my legs and forearms.
Was never at any stage sensual but towards the end asked if "I want" which I responded "I did" to which she asked "I strip" to which I replied "Hell Yeah"
Ann quickly revealed a nice bod with great natural DD tits, an older body but then again I'm old too :-)
Great dual handed twisty HJ technique combined with sucking on those DD's and clit rubbing saw me shooting the load all too soon.
Hot towel cleanup and was on my way having tipped $50 for the better than average deep tissue and awesome natural set.
WIR: Yeah probably when another DT was required on my aging bod, but suspect the extras wouldn't go much further.
YMMV though, so would be happily proven wrong by another lucky punter as Ann's good to spend time with, chatty with an infectious smile if you like that in your ML.
Maybe just get her to tone down the strength half a dial notch.


Floor: #12
Post Time: 1st November 2017, 01:19 AM
Poster ID: sucxxx
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lisa

Establishment : Lou Lou Reflexology & massage

Date of Visit : Oct 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Shop 9, 409 Victoria st Abbotsford Victoria 

(03) 9429 8887

Hours of Business : 10-8

Rates : $55/45min - $40 HJ

Age : late 30

Size/shape : 6 or 7? 170 high

Nationality or Ethnicity : Vietnamese

Services Provided : massage HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Soso

My experience/comments : 

This is a Vietnamise joint unlike Ping's which is Chinese.

Lisa is not a stunner but quite fit for her age and provides good firm massage. 

HJ initially offered for $50, countered for $40, think you can do $30 if you try hard or become a regular.

It's not really out of ordinary tho.

Base charge is little bit strange as 30 to 45 mins upgrade is extra $10 then $15 for 45 to 60 so seems like $45 is most economical if you care bang for bucks.


