Floor: #1
Post Time: 15th April 2015, 08:25 PM
Poster ID: Like
Post Title: 
 Zen Japanese Massage - Lvl 1/203 Queen St, Melbourne - 03 9913 5837
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Selina (a different girl to another Selina that ad's on Locanto)

Establishment : Zen Japanese Massage

Date of Visit : mid April 2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 

Locanto ad:





			
				Brand New Opening Japanese Massage in CBD area ! - 21
Address : Level 1/203 Queen Street 
Booking : 03 9913 5837


Welcome to ZEN Japanese Massage, locates at the heart of MELBOURNE CBD. With us, you will enjoy luxury environment, quality massage services and a professional personality. Our studio is a luxury clean and peaceful atmosphere massage place. All the clients will enjoy a quiet, private room with low lighting and soft music. The high class stationary massage tables and massage oil are professionally manufactured to ensure your safety. Everyday, we have 5 to 7 young, elegant and professional Asian masseuses from Japan, Korea, China, Taiwan.... All the masseuses are strictly trained and selected. We will guarantee to provide quality relaxation or deep tissue massage to release your stress after your tight work. Meanwhile, all the masseuses not only good in doing quality massage services, also have elegant young looking and nice professional personality. We focus to bring you from head to toe massage care just like "enjoy and care of the emperor". Please come to visit our place, enjoy the best massage experience!


Price list:
Full Body Oil Massage
30min $55 
45min $65
60min $75 


Double Massage
30min $110 
45min $130 
60min $150


Business Hour: Open 7 days (Open all public holidays) 
10am - 8pm (last appointment 7:45pm)
			
		

Hours of Business : Refer ad text

Rates : $65 for 45 min, extra $50 for HJ, extra $100 for nude HJ

Age : mid 20's

Size/shape : Very slim, small breasts, nice body

Nationality or Ethnicity : Not sure, possibly Chinese

Services Provided : Oil massage, nude HJ

Value for money/recommend? : No. $165 for a 45 min massage, with a nude HJ. There are better options.

My experience/comments : 

Had noticed this place walking past and thought it might be a possible sometime. Few weeks later I noticed that the same Locanto advertiser for 248 Russell St, 350 Flinders St and a place on Elizabeth St was also the advertiser for this place. Having been to 248 Russell St (Health Land Spa) in the past, decided to go.

First outing there was a non-event, although did have a very good massage. The rooms are well set up and as they have only been open for 4 months it is still fairly clean. Chatting with that girl (not the girl of this review) it gets confirmed that the owner of this place also owns the other places and girls move between the places. So, worth calling ahead to book so that they have time for a girl to be arranged.

Second outing I called a ahead and booked for 45 min. Met Selina at the top of the stairs as I arrived. There was another girl sitting on one of the tables in another room texting. It was fairly quiet and I think I was the only one there. There are probably 4 or 5 rooms in total. Only had $100 for the $65 price, which Selina takes and says I give change later. I ask ok to take off shorts, yes. Ok massage, not great. No real signs that extras are on. After the hot face washer clean up on the back, Selina asks if there is any other part that needs a massage. I ask, extras? Yes, and she gives me the prices. Go the nude option and she undresses. Bit of touching ok, but pretty much stayed at arms length away and when I got close she shook her head no. Anyhow, gets the job done, but I'm not really into it. Overall it was boring.

WIR: No.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 23rd July 2015, 11:18 PM
Poster ID: cl-dean
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jessie

Establishment : Zen Japanese Massage

Date of Visit : 20/7/15

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 1/203 Queen St, 9913 5837

Rates : $55/30, massively overpriced extras

Age : 20s

Size/shape : slim, attractive

Nationality or Ethnicity : Taiwan, she claimed

Services Provided : Massage

Value for money/recommend? : No. Save your money.

My experience/comments : 

Was in the area, knew this place had opened up, could not remember the reviews, thought I'd give it a go. Nice discreet entrance, fairly clean inside, although nowhere in the rooms to hang clothes. I got upstairs and Jessie was behind the desk.$55 for 30 minutes, OK, she's cute enough, give it a god. Hopped into the room and onto the heated massage table on a cold Melbourne day, and there began an OK to good massage. Enquired about extras: HJ $50, and topless version $100. Erm, no thanks. Tried a bit of negotiating, but she was firm on her prices.

Massage (back only) was done bang on the 30 minutes, I got dressed and was on my way. On the way out, I saw a couple of extra girls working there, nothing much to write home about in terms of appearance -- Jessie was definitely pick of the bunch.

Unlikely to return, as I'm not often in that part of town, and whilst the massage was OK, the price of the extras was crazy.

Dean


Floor: #3
Post Time: 19th January 2016, 12:03 AM
Poster ID: Hottest_tamale
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Wa Wa

Establishment : Zen Japanese Massage

Date of Visit : 17/01/16

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 1/203 Queen St, Melbourne. Ph 03 9913 5837

Rates : $75/60, more for extras ($50)

Age : late 20s early 30s?

Size/shape : slim, attractive + bolt ons

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Massage + HJ + top off 

Value for money/recommend? : OK

My experience/comments : 

So I was in Melbourne on business and had a free Sunday morningI had espied this place the last time I was there so I phoned to make a booking.  This shop is on a corner atop a Telstra store.

While the writing on the door suggested this was a Japanese-style massage joint, the girl answering the phone had a thick Thai accent.  I was her first customer for the day.

Upon entering and going up a narrow staircase, I was pleasantly surprised when I came across my Thai ML.  She was the rather attractive Wa Wa. 

Wa Wa is petite with a pretty face, shoulder-length straight hair and bolt-ons that defy gravity.  She wore tight jeans and an even tighter low-cut white singlet that revealed the tense curvature of her breasts and a hint of areola.  I couldn't hand her my $75 for the hour session quick enough.  Mexicans get charged more for massages than us in NSW.

The place seems to have had new carpet laid in the recent past and was clean.  The rooms all seemed relatively comfortable and mine had niches on the wall to place clothing.  The  room I was in even had a full length mirror strategically positioned opposite the massage table and so I felt I was onto something there

Wa Wa's massage wasn't that great, but she made up with personality and friendliness.  

I asked for hard massage but this was virtually non-existent.  But it wasn't long before she asked me if I wanted any extras.  When I asked what was on the menu, Wa Wa made the universal HJ motion for $30, but for $50 she'd also take her top offI gave her a pineapple.

As I said, Wa Wa had no technique to speak of but she was friendly enough.  She was originally from Chiang Mai and had migrated to QLD some 3 years before.  She has recently relocated to Footscray in Melbourne looking for new opportunities.  So as you can see, she loves a chat.  Her English is not bad either given that she had some many guys chatting her up in pubs so she picked up the lingo quickly.  Maybe she had spent too long in pubs because Wa Wa admitted to having had a beer prior to my arrival.  This she said helped her relax with customers.  I thought I could detect a little alcohol in her breath but this was not off-putting. But it was before 11am!

So when the time finally arrived for the flip, Wa Wa unleashed those puppies on me.  She also has large decorative tattoos on her chest and body so you know the girl is an ex go-go dancer and experienced many a cock on her years.  I estimate her to be in her very late 20s if not 30s.

Wa Wa's technique on the shaft proved much better than her massage and she rubbed herself constantly on me.  She also whispered lots of "yeah baby", and licked her lips heaps.  This brought me back to misspent evenings on the prowl in Pattaya.  Wa Wa let me taste her breasts/nipples and invited me to play with them as much as I wanted.  I wanted much.  I reckon there's more to offer from Wa Wa and would take a couple of more visits to open that Pandora's box.

Wa Wa works 1 or 2 days at these premises and spends most of her time at another shop on Russell St but I couldn't get any more details than that.

On my way out I saw another tasty and younger ML but Wa Wa had her covered on looks. 

Good Sunday morn spent there rather than in church...

Happy punting!


H_T


Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk


Floor: #4
Post Time: 3rd August 2017, 11:20 PM
Poster ID: bob2mason
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jenny

 Establishment : Zen Japanese Massage

 Date of Visit : 17/06/17

 Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 1/203 Queen St, Melbourne. Ph 03 9913 5837

 Rates : $55/30

 Age : Maybe early 20s, big girl

 Size/shape : Big girl, actually worried if it was a guy

 Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

 Services Provided : Massage + HJ

 Value for money/recommend? : No

 My experience/comments : 

Always wanted to try this place, given it's close to home.

Once I got up the stairs met by a big girl on reception, went with 30min, went into the room and hoped something nice would enter.

And no, the big girl came in, so doing it for the team.

Was an ok massage but kept thinking is this a bloke with a pony tail and boobs.

She wanted to do the hj, finally I thought what the hell for $30, lets do it.

Did the deed, clothed hj, felt a bit weird.

Probably wouldn't bother going back.

There's 2 shops in Queen St & Franklin St, near the market, hope to try soon.


