Thread Title: Riverwood Matures - Riverwood - 02 9548 0148
Floor: #1
Post Time: 2nd February 2017, 01:49 PM
Poster ID: aviator1300
Post Title: 
 Riverwood Matures - Riverwood - 02 9548 0148
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jocelyn

Establishment : Riverwood Matures, Riverwood

Date of Visit : January 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 9548 0148

Hours of Business : 10.30am to late

Rates : $140 half hour

Age : Forties?

Size/shape : Medium to large

Nationality or Ethnicity : Caucasian

Services Provided : bbbj fs

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments :

I had not been to this place for quite some time bus as soon as I walked in the door the receptionist immediately recognized me and told me that one of my favorite ladies, Jocelyn, would be available in about ten minutes. I decided to wait.

It was not long after that Jocelyn came to get me from the waiting room.
Once inside her room she welcomed me like a long lost relative, smothered me with long kisses and huge hugs.

In the shower and get ready for action.
Once Jocelyn returned to the room she knew what I liked. Placing a pillow on the floor at the foot of the bed, she motioned for me to sit on the bed and commenced one of her very delightful bbbjs. She has a certain flair for this and knows exactly how to control the action with her tongue and mouth. Watching her enhanced breast moving up and down is an added bonus.

Then it was my turn to pleasure her.
She lay on the bed, legs well apart and I went down on her very succulent pussy.
Sticking my tongue in as far as possible, and with a little digital play, Jocelyn was soon very wet.

A sign that it was time for some serious action. On with the dom and Jocelyn mounted me.
She began to thrust and gyrate on me, all the time her pendulous breast swaying only inches from my face.
It was too much to cope with and I soon blew inside her.

A quick lay down, some small chatter and time for another shower.

Always a pleasure to see this lady. Highly recommended.


