Thread Title: Angela - Northbridge, WA - 0416 731 668
Floor: #1
Post Time: 9th July 2018, 09:20 PM
Poster ID: sausages
Post Title: 
 Angela - Northbridge, WA - 0416 731 668
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Angela

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : June 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : WeChat - Angela Sensual Massage Therapist

Hours of Business : Ring Angela

Rates : A dollar a minute. eg, $60 for an hour, etc.

Age : Approx 28

Size/shape : Short, Slim, Fit

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian

Services Provided : Massage, HJ, Prostate Massage

Value for money/recommend? : Yes, always a good massage

My experience/comments : 

I had seen Angela on two previous occasions however, was only offered extras upon this visit. She does a great full body massage which can be quite strong if you are looking for that. The contact arrangements are quick and the premises is an apartment in Northbridge so parking may be tricky/expensive at certain times. Upon entering the apartment Angela was dressed in a cute/revealing outfit and directed me into the room where I had a quick shower and jumped on the massage table. A great thing about Angela's massages is that there are mirrors beneath the table giving you a little up skirt view of her working on your body. Her body by the way is slim but she is gym fit. The massage was a bit too strong at first but she was more then happy to ease off to make it more relaxing. Angela has a great sensual touch by running her hands all over your bum, cock and balls in between massaging. 

Once the back half was finished I was asked to flip where she began massaging the front side of my body instead of jumping straight to extras which was nice. She also positions her breasts directly over your face in some occasions and then kneels over your face too which is a great view. Angela slips in little cock touches during the front massage to maybe try to keep an erection going the whole time. I was then asked if I wanted a topless HJ for $50 which I agreed on. Would have been hard to disagree going two previous visits without being asked and having an erection nearly the entire time. The HJ started by her slipping a cock ring and slowly stroking away whilst rubbing the bum area. Then she picked up the pace a little and shoved a finger in my bum which was a surprise. I lasted a total of 10 mins from the HJ which is a pretty good amount I think! She finished off by wiping the explosion off my chest and I had another shower.

Overall, Angela provides a great massage with lots of sensual touches. I think she only offers extras after a second visit but could be wrong. She also does a 2 dollar a minute massage which is a body to body massage that I am yet to try out.

I would recommend Angela because she provides a quality fun massage at a cheap rate but it'd be best not to expect extras upon your first visit as you may be disappointed.


