Thread Title: Anita - Vic Park - 0451 129 311
Floor: #1
Post Time: 9th May 2019, 05:20 PM
Poster ID: MrCharismatic
Post Title: 
 Anita - Vic Park - 0451 129 311
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Anit (not 100% sure)

Establishment : Private Residence / Apartment

Date of Visit : March 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://perth.locanto.com.au/ID_9345...-and-body.html

Phone : 0451 129 311

Hours of Business : Unsure

Rates : $70 60mins (nude massage was extra)

Age : Late 40s

Size/shape : size 6 to 8, D-DD cups, slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai (guessing)

Services Provided : Massage,(HJ offered)

Value for money/recommend? : Value for money is ok. Would recommend if you are seeking prostate stimulation.

My experience/comments : 
I saw this advertised on locanto and thought I would give it a try. Contact was via text. It was all straightforward and I was soon at her apartment building. I buzzed on the front door, as instructed, and was let into the building. The place is all very neat and tidy with shower facilities available for use. 

The photo on the website looks 100% real. But found that she wasn't as attractive as my imagination had made me hope for. But I have to give her credit, she is in very good shape for her age. 

The massage involved the use of a heap of oil, and was more sensual than therapeutic. Lots of body slides and teasing. At some point she got out a couple of vibrators, which look me by surprise. I asked if they were for her, and was told: 'no, they are for you'. I wasn't at all keen for this, and I was made less keen by how persistent she seemed to use them on me. That was a little awkward. The body slides and ending all a bit rushed. I had to discourage multiple attempts at prostate stimulation during the ending. But afterwards, was offered a shower and a glass of water along with some pleasant small talk. 


Overall, if you are looking for some fun with a mature woman with a really big fake rack, then it could be worth a visit. I wouldn't recommend a visit just for the massage.


