Thread Title: Ann - Belmont - 0401 397 830
Floor: #1
Post Time: 3rd July 2017, 01:46 PM
Poster ID: Poser
Post Title: 
 Ann - Belmont - 0401 397 830
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Ann

Establishment : PML

Date of Visit : End of June 

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Traditional Thai Massage - Perth body rubs - cracker.com.au

Hours of Business : 9am to 8pm

Rates : $50/30 in $80/hr

Age : 50s

Size/shape : about 160cm tall, curvy, C cups

Nationality or Ethnicity : SE Asian

Services Provided : massage, HJ

Value for money/recommend? : YEs

My experience/comments : 

Work had me in Perth last week and had some free time before my flight home. Had a look at cracker for some hits as it appears Perth doesn't have a lot of 'adult fun' as opposed to the Eastern States (I'm happy to be proved wrong) - either that or our WA brethern are very good at keeping mum about their activities 

Saw her add, and after having a look on AUXXX for any reviews, decided to TOGTT. Made a booking via sms (which was quick and responsive) and arranged to see her the next day. She worked out of a private residence in Belmont, clost to the Airport (bonus for me as my flight was on the same day) and booked for 1 hr. She offers 90 min session for $130, but decided on the hour due to time constraints. Dealt with the financials, stripped and laid down on the mattress  (no massage table). 

The massage was very good - plenty of stretching, ironing out the knots and the ilike - she knows what she's doing and gave a very competent massage - plenty of sly tackle tickles and caressing of the crack and inner legs and B2B. Flipped over and she massaged the front. I was interested in seeing her naked anda handy. After agreeing on the toll ($60 all up), she stripped and allowed those puppies to be free. More massaging, B2B, hands wandering everywhere before she sat between my legs and started a nice and slow HJ. She then moved to be next to me, allowin gme access to the boobs. It wasn't long before the tadpoles were released.

She's friendly and very chatty throughout the massage. Overall a good TOFTT and will return when I'm in the area.


