Thread Title: Ashli North - Inglewood - 0437 548 044
Floor: #1
Post Time: 17th June 2018, 01:32 AM
Poster ID: ozuser99
Post Title: 
 Ashli North - Inglewood - 0437 548 044
				
Post Content: 
Person’s Name : Ashli


Establishment : Private


Dave of Visit : 08/06/2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Inglewood, 0437 548 044

Hours of Business : 9am to 6pm weekdays

Rates : $150 per half an hour

Age : looked early 30 but ad said 29

Size/shape : Slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : Sensual Massage, no FS/Oral

Value for money/recommend? : yes

My experience/comments :
After work, i was pretty loaded with work stuff and badly needed a massage/relaxation.
Ofcourse my friend google helped me to find few list of girls who does sensual massage from locanto
and i chose Ashli from inglewood, i couldnt see her face in the ad so i was facinated to go ahead and meet her.

i text her and no reply for nearly 30 mins, something wrong then i checked her ad again and i noticed that she doesn't accept sms.
got to call her make appointment, it was a bit too much. Anyway called the mobile number, she picked up (certainly OZ voice and sweet from the other end).
I was enquiring about the massage now, she said no and need 1 hour notice then i had no choice to book for the last appointment at 5:30. 

it was a long wait to see her, and it is 5:30 knocker her door, Ashli opened the door, wow she was lovely in her red lingerie(see through with panties on).
had a quick shower before the session starts, and was asked face down and she got undressed started gentle massage on all over my body with sensual touch,
it was good and finally she asked me turn and it was amazing to touch her arse and boob while she was playing with my little john. cant say anything more, 
it was sensual and finished with good climax with her hands. ofcourse i had my shower after that, it was quite hard to goodbye to her. I will certainly go back to her.
100% worth the money and time.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 13th August 2018, 11:04 PM
Poster ID: Legs11
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Ashli

Establishment : Private residence

Date of Visit : 9 August 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://perth.locanto.com.au/ID_9773...SEXY-BODY.html 

Phone : 0437 548 044

Hours of Business : 10am to 6pm weekdays

Rates : 30 Minutes $150, 45 minutes $180, 60 minutes $200. Covered BJ available

Age : 30s

Size/shape : Athletic

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : Deluxe Pure Bliss Oil Massage and Hand Relief

Value for money/recommend? : YES

My experience/comments : 

I had the day off before night shift and needed to have the itch scratched, I've been looking at her ad for quite some time and knew that I had to ring for a booking, she must've been busy as it was on the third call she answered. I asked for the time of 2 pm she agreed, gave me a street to be on to ring her back again and then I waited for the hour to arrive.

5 mins before the hour I give her a ring and she gives me the directions to her place. I arrive park out the front and walk to the front door she opens and in I walk. What a fantastic sight to behold, yup she is tall (just what I like), wearing a slip on dress and high heels, she walks in front of me and what a view......she shows me to the room and offers a shower, I'm good to go as I showered before I arrived.......I get undressed and lay face down waiting for her to come back into the room. I hear her talking her dress off and getting ready the oil, we have a chat as she notices a scar on my back from a biopsy and tells me of one that was taken from her back, she asks what I do...general chit chat....

I'm not a fan of sticking my face into the face thingy, so I put my arms and hands under my chin....one reason is so I can see and maybe have a feel of what is brushed against them but she had other ideas and so I had to put them down by my side, palms facing up....Ashli begins the massage around my head at first, and all I can think of is that her shaved pussy is right there where my hands were..lol....anywhere I'm enjoying the touch and I then decide to tilt my head on the face thingy and check her out in the mirror she provided and OMG what a beautiful sight to see, she has a fantastic figure, great boobs.

She has a great technique, soothing and smooth........anyway she moves around my body caressing everywhere and starts to move in between my thighs and to the old fella and his boys.....and the best bit of this was that she put her shaved pussy right where my hand was laying , while she's oiling my up and getting him going, I'm slowing feeling my way around her pussy (and it's very nice indeed) just had to refrain from getting too excited with rubbing her clit, but it's definitely getting her going as I can feel her wetness growing and just when I thought it was going to go further she pulls away...lol...and asks me to turn over.....and now I get to see her in all her glory......awesome.

Ashli rubs down my legs and gets closer to the old fella with each stroke, I'm happy, she then gets on the table between my legs and starts to oil me up, I slightly wrap my legs around her and enjoy whats happening. 

She then moves off of the table to the side and I can now feel her bum, back and legs, but she moves in too close for me to feel her pussy but none the less I'm happy with what is happening.....great technique and I explode........she gives me some more massage on my legs area and then offers a shower, which I take and I'm in heaven..lol.

One hell of a girl this one and I will definitely be back to see her again....I would have gone back the next back and every other day if I could but I don't want to be banned.

I have been searching for a decent RnT lady, since my last two favourites have moved on and I'm hoping she'll be around for a long time cause Perth seems to be very dull in this area


