Thread Title: Ayako Mobile Massuesse - Padbury - 0423 518 006
Floor: #1
Post Time: 16th October 2013, 04:47 PM
Poster ID: brudr12
Post Title: 
 Ayako Mobile Massuesse - Padbury - 0423 518 006
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Ayako

Establishment : Mobile Masseuse

Date of Visit : 15/10/13

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0423 518 006

Hours of Business : See copy of Ad below.

Rates : $60 per hour massage, $40 for HR.

Age : mid 20's (?)

Size/shape : Firm, pretty young lady

Nationality or Ethnicity : Taiwanese

Services Provided : Massage and Happiness

Value for money/recommend? : YES

My experience/comments : I found the ad below on gumtree and it was exactly what I have been looking for, so I exchanged texts with "Gabby" and we ended up arranging a suitable time for us both. When I met "Gabby" she introduced herself as Ayako and asked if we had met before "maybe at Scarborough?" (Beauty Massage Scarborough) Ka-ching!! YES, I remember!! So far so good- I loved her massages at Scarborough.

As we talked she told me that Beauty Massage at Scarborough had closed last week and she was trying a new venture to keep up her income. It is a shame about the closure of Scarborough, it was a favourite, which I have reviewed here previously. At least some good has come from the bad because Ayako is now available to do mobile massages!

Ayako does fantastic massage at whatever pressure you want and delivers the best happy service that I have experienced. The quoted price for HR was $40 which I did not try to barter down because I know Ayako does it so well. There are various other services available, including body kissing and nude massage which I may just have to try another time, although the quoted prices were a little on the high side so some discussion may need to be had.

Overall, I must highly recommend Ayako, she is a very pretty masseuse who gives great massages and an enjoyable conversation. She will be leaving the country ion January so I would exhort you to get in quick; I am sure she will be booked solid soon!!


Gabby & Ayako's Mobile Massage Service

          Professional Massage service for Female & Male
                                                     Padbury WA         view on map 
Areas of expertise:


KingsleyScarboroughNorth BeachJoondalupPadbury 

Description:

                 Hi I'm Gabby !  

we are well Trained  Massagist.  

Diploma Health Science (Massage) 
Member ATMS 

Now Offering Visiting Massage For Female And Male.  

Deep Tissue Oil Massage  Swedish Massage 

With Portable Massage Table 

1HR $60 1.5HR $90 



Visiting Area  Padbury/Joondalup/NorthBeach/Scarborough/Kallaroo/Craigie/Hillarys/  Kingsley/Woodvale/Greenwood/Warwick/Duncraig/Carine/Marmion/  StirlingWatermansBay/Sorrento/Oceanreef/Egdewater/Beldon/Heathridge/Mullaloo 

please text me time date address, and if you wanna a massage around 5~7PM, please make a booking before 12:00. 


best regards


Floor: #2
Post Time: 19th November 2013, 07:01 PM
Poster ID: brudr12
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Just a quick note to let you all know that Ayako is back in the country after a quick visit home. All of the above contact details are the same but her ad has changed slightly since her return.
The ad nows reads:

Mobile Massage Service is Available Now !!!

Visting For Female And Male with Portable Massage Table And Clean Towels.

Swedish ( relaxing), Deep tissue( for those knots, pain)

(Will try to satisfy your need !)

I'm Ayako, ^ ^ I have a Certificate IV – Relaxation Massage
A member of AAMT (Australian Association of Massage Therapists)
3More Years Experienced.

70 minutes $70AUD 1.5HR $100 AUD

Mon~Fri 10AM to 8PM

Sat ~Sun 10AM to 3PM

Time and Area Is Negitiable~

Try it then you'll know how good I am!!!


Floor: #3
Post Time: 3rd December 2013, 04:27 PM
Poster ID: brudr12
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Ayako

Establishment : Mobile, as per above

Date of Visit : 26th Nov

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0423518006

Hours of Business : 10 am - 8pm weekdays, less on weekends

Rates : 1 hour massage $60., Rnt $40, Naked RnT with touching $100, DATY $20 more

Age : mid 20s

Size/shape : shapely, firm size 6/8

Nationality or Ethnicity : Taiwanese

Services Provided : Massage, RnT, Daty...

Value for money/recommend? : Yes for massage, extras are expensive.

My experience/comments : Had to continue my explorations with Ayako,because we have had such fun previously. Decided to go the whole hog this time and investigate whether the seemingly expensive other services were good value for money. 
On the afternoon that we had booked, Ayako arrived with her massage table and set up while I undressed, when we began I requested that Ayako remove her clothes also and we agreed to her pricing. She removed  her clothes and what a sensational little sexy body! Smooth all over as well, she is a lovely firm, lickable lady. We started normally but I offered to massage her and she climbed onto the table, saying she would need a shower afterwards...no problem there.
It was a pleasure to massage Ayako and after a little while we swapped positions and she began rubbing me with her breasts as I licked her pussy...what a delicious treat. 
After we enjoyed each other, the shower was put to good use and we were both left clean and happy.
However, the overall price of $180 does seem a tad high for what was offered, and what was definitely off limits- but it was enjoyable indeed.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 10th January 2014, 06:13 PM
Poster ID: PrawnStar
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I keep texting her but no reply anyone else having issues ? When u have a wl come over do they have security etc ? I don't know how I would explain that to the neighbours


Floor: #5
Post Time: 13th January 2014, 06:28 PM
Poster ID: brudr12
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hi Prawn Star,
She is on holidays at the moment and will be back in a week.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 21st February 2014, 01:17 AM
Poster ID: PrawnStar
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Dam so will the Missus  thxs  bruder


Floor: #7
Post Time: 16th April 2014, 02:57 PM
Poster ID: PrawnStar
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Lol I just text her shes in nunawading dam !


Floor: #8
Post Time: 17th April 2014, 03:32 PM
Poster ID: brudr12
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
She will be hard to replace....


