Thread Title: Britnee - Perth, WA - 0481 859 811
Floor: #1
Post Time: 13th January 2019, 09:14 PM
Poster ID: troutguy
Post Title: 
 Britnee - Perth, WA - 0481 859 811
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Britnee

Establishment : Independent

Date of Visit : 13/1/2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Web Hosting Australia | Dedicated Servers | Domain Name Registration.gloryholegirl.wixsite.com/gloryhole

Phone : 0481 859 811

Hours of Business : Unsure

Rates : $80 for BBBJ CIM through a glory hole, but this was a special price for the new year holiday period

Age : No idea.

Size/shape : Unknown.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Unknown

Services Provided : BBBJ CIM

Value for money/recommend? : No

My experience/comments : Ok, so this review might not qualify as an official review but it's ok. I figured the community might want to known about providers that possibly stand up clients. If it doesn't count towards my review count that's alright - I just want to get the experience out there.

I've never done a glory hole before so I was pretty curious. I texted Britnee asking if her $80 BBBJ special was still going on. After a couple hours she responded and said yes, so I asked her when she would be available. She said anytime so I said I would meet her in the next 30 minutes, which she replied with an affirmative. I even asked her if she had change for two $50s and she said she didn't and said I should probably stop somewhere to get change, which I did. 

All of her texts contained some amount of totally mis-spelled words: "Hj km. Available anytime and yhw addressed is comfort inn"

I arrived in front of the building she told me to go to about 10 minutes early. I texted her and got out of the car and waited outside.

No reply. 

I wait another 10 minutes and text her. No reply.

I wait 15 minutes and text her. No reply. 

By this time it was already 20 minutes past our original agreed-upon time, so I left. Luckily it was a Sunday and parking was free, otherwise I would have been even less happy than I already was. 

And luckily I live close by. If I had to drive 30 minutes / 60 minutes return only to get stood up with absolutely no response I would have been pretty pissed. 

It's now been 3 hours and there's still no reply. Maybe something happened? I don't know. But it is what it is.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 16th January 2019, 07:02 PM
Poster ID: troutguy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Britnee

Establishment : Independent

Date of Visit : 15/1/2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : www.gloryholegirl.wixsite.com/gloryhole

Phone : 0481 859 811

Hours of Business : Unsure

Rates : $80 for BBBJ CIM through a glory hole, but this was a special price for the new year holiday period

Age : Probably mid 30s

Size/shape : Unknown.

Nationality or Ethnicity : American

Services Provided : BBBJ CIM

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : 

This is an update to my previous review in which she stopped responding to my text messages when I arrived at her hotel and waited around before leaving. 

She texted me a day or two later and asked me what had happened that day. We sent each other screenshots of our text history and it appears that we didn't receive each other's texts when I arrived at her hotel. She never got my texts asking which room she was in and I never got her texts asking me where I was. She uses a dual-SIM phone and perhaps that had something to do with the cut in communication. 

I asked her if she wanted to try again and she said sure. This time there weren't any technical issues. 

I arrived at her hotel room. I knocked lightly on her door and waited maybe 5 minutes before she opened it - I could tell that she was prepping because I could hear things being moved around and stuff. The entire hallway is covered in security cameras so I stood as close to her door as possible out of sight of the cameras because I didn't want to appear suspect - a random guy just standing outside of a guest's room.

She cracked the door open, and I gave her some time to get inside her glory hole setup before I came in. 

The dimly-lit room is basically a hotel studio with a small toilet and kitchen as you enter. It's obviously got signs of being lived in, and between the kitchen and the living room is her setup - it's literally a pop-up standing tent shower with a hole cut in the side:

https://www.google.com/search?q=pop+...ng+shower+tent

Well, this is novel.

She's perfectly conversant and there's no awkward silence or anything - I guess it helps that the whole setup is a bit silly in that I'm going to put my penis through a hole in the side of a pop-up tent erected in the kitchen of a chain hotel's studio to get a blowjob from an unseen woman. And she's definitely a woman as I could tell from her voice.

After a bit of chit chat I put the money through the hole, dropped my pants, and it all started. She's good and takes her time getting you ready. She alternates sucking with stroking with her hands and there's plenty of spit and wetness. It's a bit awkward standing right up against a fabric tent though. It's nice to have something to hold onto when you're getting a standing BJ and the best that I could do is delicately hold the rods on the top of the tent. I was afraid of putting too much weight on it in case it collapsed and sent me tumbling forward onto the tent...

She progressively sucks harder and faster and after 10 minutes I came. She kept her mouth on me until I was done with all of my cumming and then wiped me off. As far as BJs go, it was quite good.

We then talked for a little bit. Apparently she started this about five years ago with a friend. She and her friend have since split up and each of them are doing the gloryhole thing in different areas. All in all it was a good experience and a good BBBJTC.


