Thread Title: Carmen - Thornlie WA -  0401 116 851
Floor: #1
Post Time: 15th May 2017, 12:54 PM
Poster ID: Time Traveller
Post Title: 
 Carmen - Thornlie WA -  0401 116 851
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Carmen 

Establishment : Private House

Date of Visit : Wednesday 3rd May 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : ??????Chubby baby???big girl body to body massage and hand relief - Perth body rubs - cracker.com.au

Rates : $210/90min $130/60 min, $80/30 min

Age : Says 25 but looks older

Size/shape : Larger girl that has used even more flattering photos than she really is.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Half Asian (Not sure nationality)

Services Provided : Decent Massage with "Extras"

Value for money/recommend? : Not really

My experience/comments :
I was in the area and decided for a last minute booking, texted and got a response fairly quick. Asked for a 90min massage which she advised was $210, I stated that her 60 min massage was $130 and she said yes but the 30 min is $80 so she adds the 2. I should have known at this point that I should just bail. I booked for the 60 min instead and got the address. Well the house where this is hosted looks like it is abandoned and again should have been warning signs. I turned up to be greeted by a girl that was more rough than chubby. The photos suggest a little chubby but she is more solid and fat than "chubby". I was led into the room and got undressed. The massage was not bad, firm and actually quite professional with slight thigh grazes as she went. At the turn the massage increased and she offered to undress and do body slides, I actually declined and allowed her to continue the massage, the "sensual" hands were working my whole body and found their way to my knob, the HJ was rather mechanical and I just closed my eyes and willed it to be over, finished as quick as I could and she offered a head massage and to finish the rest, I declined at which point she offered a shower, I declined again, got dressed and left as quickly as possible. Overall it was not pleasant based on the location and looks. My heart (let alone my cock) was just not into it at all and I only wanted to bail, well after 50 minutes I was out of there and driving away with a dirty feeling all over.


