Thread Title: Casual and ready - w4m (Quinn's rocks)
Floor: #1
Post Time: 3rd May 2018, 09:39 PM
Poster ID: Legs11
Post Title: 
 Casual and ready - w4m (Quinn's rocks)
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Didn't get it

Establishment : Own rented house in Ridgewood

Date of Visit : 2 May 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://perth.craigslist.com.au/cas/...576361079.html

Hours of Business : daytime (school hours)

Rates : $140 an hour 

Age : mid 40's

Size/shape : plump

Nationality or Ethnicity : British

Services Provided : HE massage

Value for money/recommend? : Not for me

My experience/comments : 

After perusing the Craigslist site for options of massage, seeing as Cracker is out of action, found this lady sent the sms asking for price made the booking for following day for an hour.

I wasn't that keen as the house is up for sale and three cars sitting outside, anyway greeted at the door walked to a room short of the large living room, inside we go, she asks several questions like 'what am I allergic to', 'any pain anywhere' she sets the music and walks outside for me to undress. 

Short time later she re-enters the room and begins with warming up her hands with oil, the massage wasn't too bad, soothing than purposeful. As she goes around the body she is gentle with moving my arms from one side to the other and down by the side of the table, but as they were down the side of the table she makes sure that you feel her leg by moving into them, wasn't too sure on what to make of that, but was interesting. There was a lot of attention paid to my butt area and massaging in between my legs and butt cheeks.

As she makes her way around the table, she ensures that some part of her body rubs/touches against you, but she doesn't remove any of her clothing.

Time comes to flip over, and she massages the front of my legs and slightly rubbing the old fella now that he is fully erect, especially running between from my arse to my balls, which felt ok. As I'm laying down with my arms down by my sides, she goes to one side, raises my arm so that it is now resting on her back as she is facing away from me as she massages the front of my legs and rubbing the old fella, she did this on both legs/sides, she has nice soft skin but I was waiting for some skin from her but alas none to be seen or felt.

Here's the weird part (for me anyway), time for the money shot, she places a condom on the old fella and sits beside me as she did before when massaging the front of my legs, and starts the rub with her fingers either side of the old fella and massaging between my balls. It was very effective as I came with some force, she then places wet wipes all around the old fella to give me another type of massage (a little weird I thought as I got what I wanted now I wanted out of there), after some small talk I was out of there.

Finally tidy up was done and I hopped off the table and got dressed and got out of there.


