Thread Title: CHERIE - Leederville - 0426 831 048
Floor: #1
Post Time: 5th January 2018, 09:53 PM
Poster ID: Legs11
Post Title: 
 CHERIE - Leederville - 0426 831 048
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Cherie

Establishment : Private house in Leederville... 'Aromatherapy on Oxford' 

Date of Visit : 5 Jan 18 

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : SEXY STEAMY CHERIE ?? 21! ?Aussie Auburn BABE!??REAL PICS!?Fit, Tight & Toned!? - Perth body rubs - cracker.com.au

  Hours of Business : 10 am til late Rates : 

Prices start from $120 Massage HR for 30 mins $180 for 1 hour Massage/body slide and HR, extras on offer when in room (FS is available) 

Age : 21

Size/shape : Petite 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie 

Services Provided : Massage, HR, Oral (covered), FS 

Value for money/recommend? : Yes 

My experience/comments : I'd been itching for some attention, been looking for awhile now, and after a disappointing asian fake ad appointment (which I walked out on by the way), I thought the Aussie girl can't go wrong.Well it sort of can...lol......the house is for several girls, the name of the place is 'Aromatherapy on Oxford' and the girl I actually wanted had just left, they use the same mobile number in all their ads.''I text around 40 mins before the hour of the appointment, when I got there the "receptionist" asked me who I am to see, not a good start for me I thought and was thinking of walking out the door but she said that there were two girls there so I thought I'd have a look.First girl was in her 40's I'd say, and then Cherie walked in, not a bad sort and I thought I'd stay and enjoy.After money exchanged, off for a shower, walking down the hall in a towel, a bit daunting but anyway. The place is old and the door of the room was closed using an old water fountain bottle.We get under way and I have her shaved pussy in my face while she massages my back, now the massage is something left to be desired...in fact I would just call it rubbing you down with a lot of oil. She mentions that I can touch her while she rubs me, which I did and she has very smooth skin, lovely smooth pussy and a juicy one (from what I felt).She does a lot of oiled titty rubbing over my back and ass, which was good at the start but slightly over it as it seemed rehearsed (if that makes sense).Anyway on the flip, no pillow for my head, I feel my way around her arse and pussy, while she rubs my dick on her tits to an eruption as I feel her lips part and moisten up.Once the climax has finished I receive hot towels and offered a shower to finish up.
						



 Attached Images


Floor: #2
Post Time: 5th January 2018, 09:54 PM
Poster ID: Legs11
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Here's her Cracker Ad

I'm Cherie; A sexy, smiling and petite 21 year old European-Aussie MEGA-BABE. With big blue-green eyes, long wavy auburn hair and a silky sun-kissed glow. I'm a size 6 with all the right curves, a perky C cup bust and a great tight ass - you won't be able to keep your hands off! 

I'm very sensual, flirty and fun by nature! Let me inspire your passion for the practice of letting go, take a load off and let me lift your spirit! I provide a very intimate massage service in a luxury boutique style home masseuse studio, complete with a diffuser to soothe and calm your senses.
I love what I do and am totally qualified! I pay attention to tension and I sure know how to use my body to give you tingles in places you forgot could feel so good. I'm worth every minute you'll spend with me, you'll want to stay longer and come back for more! There's one sure way to find out how I can rock you from head to toe... So what are you waiting for?!  
I offer a range of sensual, tempting massages using a fusion of therapeutic oils -

* Full Body Massage
* Full Body to Body Massage
* Hot Towel Treatments * Exfoliation and Cold Mask Treatment
* Hand Crafted Therapeutic Lotions * A Happy Healing Hand 

Located in Leederville.

Happy to cater to your fetish

Cherie XxX - 0426831048
Poster's age: 21


Floor: #3
Post Time: 5th January 2018, 09:56 PM
Poster ID: Legs11
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I actually wanted to see this girl

SEXY 18 year old KENDALL...Im new, very pretty, Curves and a Full E cup Bust - Perth body rubs - cracker.com.au


