Thread Title: Expert Thai Massage - 25
Floor: #1
Post Time: 16th November 2017, 03:28 PM
Poster ID: Legs11
Post Title: 
 Expert Thai Massage - 25
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Thai girl

Establishment : Private appartment in Joodalup

Date of Visit : 13 Nov 17

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Expert Thai Massage - Perth body rubs - cracker.com.au

Hours of Business : 9 - 9

Rates : 30 mins massage: $40, 60 mins massage: $70, Happy Ending: $30, Topless: $20

Age : 25?

Size/shape : plump

Nationality or Ethnicity : thai

Services Provided : massage only, hand relief while topless

Value for money/recommend? : yes

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

Thought I'd give the girl a go as her ad sounded good, I've seen her before but she was located in a house near Whitfords shopping centre (very noisey).

The appartment is on the ground floor opposite the DOT in Joondalup, parking is pretty good, access is easy, not that discreet tho.

Anyway, when I entered and saw her, I remembered the last massage and thought to turn around but thought again as I wanted to get off.

Once in the room exchange money, get naked lay on the massage table (very quiet place), she ask's me what type of massage and I ask for a light to sensual one,she gets her top off and her boobs are very nice, fairly firm, she proceeds to massage me and it wasn't too bad. Light touches all around, paying particular attention to my butt (not that I'm complaining).

Once she's finished on the back I roll over with a dripping precum cock floating about, she massages all around, lightly.

She then oils up her hands and pays attention to my cock, he gets extremely hard and I try to prolong it for as long as possible because I know as soon as I stroke her boobs I'm gonna blow.......which I did.

She's happy with the end result, so am I, she cleans up, offers water while I dress and then I exit, all good in the hood.

Cheers


Floor: #2
Post Time: 16th November 2017, 03:29 PM
Poster ID: Legs11
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Mobile : 0413 219 401 
Would it not be wonderful if you could find a nice young Thai girl that would give you a great massage and a Happy Ending every time? I'm sure you would just love to come for your massage knowing it is the same girl every time and she really is 25.

I have a nice massage studio in my private apartment near Joondalup shopping centre.

I also have a professional massage room with an extra large soft massage table.

I use good quality massage oils that have no perfume, and I have shower facilities if you'd like to freshen up.I provide tea, coffee, cold drink or water after your massage. It is important to be awake before you drive your car.

Call me. My name is Nina.

I love what I do, and it shows.

I work 7 days a week from 9 am to 9 pm.

For your enjoyment service costs are:

30 mins massage: $40
60 mins massage: $70
Happy Ending: $30
Topless: $20

I don't send photos, and I find all my customers come back because I'm not expensive and I give excellent service.

Please don't phone me on a hidden number becuae I cannot send you a text message with my address.
Poster's age: 25

• Location: Joondalup, North Perth, Perth

• Post ID: 75518717 perth

• Other ads by this user:
Expert Thai Massage 0413 219 401 - 25 (Joondalup) adult entertainment: body rubs


