Thread Title: Healing Thai Massage - Belair - 0402 711 054
Floor: #1
Post Time: 17th June 2013, 12:37 PM
Poster ID: RedOctober
Post Title: 
 Healing Thai Massage - Belair - 0402 711 054
				
Post Content: 
Contacts as above
Visit 14th June 2013
Name - Neena
Nationality - Thai
Age - 30ish
Working hours - mon to sat till 6 pm
Looks - typical Thai 6/10
Service - massage only
Cost - $70 ph
Vfm - no

My first report using tapatalk...
not so easy to type on iphone for 30 minutes with Busy(business like)  look on your face.
Please don't kill me for grammar 

I did Found new ad in newspaper so give it to try as it's close to work - home trail so road trip part of exercise  is minimised. 

Couple of msg to set a time and even pic of venue Have  been provided - huge room with bed and massage table looks like some Phuket hotel ad. 
I have arrived in time just to find a closed gate. it come out there are 2 entrances on the same rural property. so use left one. minute later found another punter blocking entrance. After another 5 minutes of backing in rush hour Traffic I  had finally managed to get out of car . 
Meet Neena on entrance - appears  like pleasantly looking Thai WL with tiny body and small tits barely visible under clothes.
In a room - what was  presented as luxurious lodge actually is ... Refurbished shed. Some wooden floor and sparsely placed furniture in a middle of space enough for half dozen of tractors. No Shower or toilet. 
Drop of clothes on chair in a corner and walk barefoot across a shed opting for table instead of bed. 
Towel on most of body, no questions re hard or light. Some wet napkins on feet....
Oil on legs, more oil on legs, more oil on legs until I had realised its not oil spread but MASSAGE itself. 
No extras discussed, no signs it will be offered. 
40 minutes in oil spreading - flip of. My little bro has been covered immediately by thick bath towel. Even so half assed front massage has triggered some interest from him and he rose to full attention in a matter of minute. She has definitely noticed under towel
Movements but ignored it totally. I tried to made some progress so gently touch her bums with immediate request to keep my hands under head. Well .... Obvious question do you provide extras.? What you mean?? I shows her what I mean. Her Answer : if you are horny I can call my husband to provide extras!
I have politely declined the great opportunity to meet hairy boghan enjoying beer in front of tv in main house. 
The rest of session was wrapped up quickly. I took  my clothes on still with hardwood bonner. Payment ... Accidental look on my  watch's revealed it was only 50 minutes I m in . Wall clock is adjusted few minutes ahead. 
She tried to look surprised and even offered some  attempts of shoulder massage but I just get out

Vfm - I would say wof waste of money. Very often bad massage is compensated by TNT and/or pussy touch etc., I got nothing except cheap massage oil spread  on my body.

If Somebody likes half assed light massage with no extras be my guest.  Not me .


