Thread Title: Jenny - Belmont - 0417 754 999
Floor: #1
Post Time: 14th August 2014, 10:02 AM
Poster ID: kieronlines
Post Title: 
 Jenny - Belmont - 0417 754 999
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jenny

   Establishment : private house in belmont

   Date of Visit : 13-8-2014

   Contact Details/Address/Weblink : advertises in the West

   Hours of Business : Monday - Saturday 10am- late

   Rates : $70hr $100-90mins

    Age : 28-33

    Size/shape : 6

   Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

   Services Provided : Nude RnT

   Value for money/recommend? : Absolutely

   My experience/comments : 

Right I know I may get some stick for this review but I am going to post anyway.  

I play Rugby and was feeling a little sore from another full season so I thought what the hell I'll look in the west see what I can get. So I am in the office on my own and start up some text chat with a lady I have been meaning to see for a while cause I had seen a couple of reviews in other sites. I set a time for 14:30 nick out of work and off I go.

 Now as this is the first time I have seen Jenny I was a little nervous what's she going to look like what's the service going to be like am I going to be seen off and given a dud.......... She met me on the drive at the house and looked great nice and tidy, she led me to the room and I was presented with a proper massage table winner the amount of times I have been to a massage and its a bed....... 

I asked for a firm massage as I was feeling sore and boy did she give it climbing all over me and the cracking that went on as she worked her magic felt great, the chat was good and I felt right at ease. 

Although it was a firm proper massage that I had asked for there was plenty of suggestive touching and glances of Captain Johnson and she kept brushing her crotch against my hands and her breast against my head. Now here is where I fell over I should have realised these were deliberate hints at what could be available. 

After the best part of 45mins working my back came the flip and she continued the obvious suggestion which given the fact I was really enjoying the massage I missed on. I paid for the hour and we finished 15 mins over so clearly no clock watching here.

By the time she finished my front the little fella had awoken as I hoped off the table and complemented her on the job very well done I asked innocently if she did any other massages.......... she looked at the old fella and said for $120 I could have had Nude with relief...... arse I thought and said 'I should have chanced my luck and asked' to which she told me 'I am too polite' and to pop back on the bench at which point she proceeded to massage Captain Johnson and his 2 friends blowing gently on my balls and tip whilst doing it.

Once finished and cleaned up she said 'next time just ask'.  Would I go back hell yes as much I didn't get to see her naked or play a little with her the massage was top draw and I feel great this morning I can't wait to see her again may even go tomorrow................


Floor: #2
Post Time: 14th August 2014, 10:19 AM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by kieronlines


Person's Name : Jenny

   Establishment : private house in belmont

   Date of Visit : 13-8-2014
.

"""



Thank you for your review kieronlines.

Please would you reply with Jenny's ad, or her phone number ?

fartichoke.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 5th September 2014, 02:23 PM
Poster ID: dick
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
After reading that review I paid the lady in question. Unfortunatly she is more like 45 and overweight 
On the plus size she has huge boobs and has a nice friendly warm personality. Sticks to the prescribed amount of time and is reasonably priced $70 massage $50 body nude slide

Not really to my taste I like young and slim but im sure someone will like her attributes

Phone #0417754999


Floor: #4
Post Time: 8th September 2014, 11:33 PM
Poster ID: kieronlines
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
not sure who you saw but she was most definitely not over 40 and not overweight think you may have been had. I don't write bull in my reviews whats the point......


Floor: #5
Post Time: 25th September 2014, 09:08 AM
Poster ID: Brunswick
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
After reading the review I too paid Jenny a visit.   She claims she's the only one there which given it's a dressed up store room off a garage, I tend to believe her.

I'd describe her as mid 40's, size 12, big boobs, dead tooth - look closely.

Still, I told her I got her number from a friend, paid her $120, nuded up and jumped on the table. Great massage, amazing handjob which was slow and sensual.  Possibly one of the best I've ever had.  

Sure, she's not pretty but for $120, with more on offer, it's a great service in Perth at the right price.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 18th October 2015, 04:55 PM
Poster ID: drillr
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
In Perth recently and busting for a good massage.  When I saw the above reviews I though Jenny would be just the one to deliver this and I was not wrong.  She is a delightful Thai lady most probably in her early 40's, size 10 I guess with lovely large breasts.  Had booked for 1 hr but got a call about 15 min beforehand saying she needed to make it only 1/2 hr which pissed me off, but on I went to at least do some research for my next Perth trip.

Jenny lives in a privately located town house and welcomed me at the door with profuse apologies about having to collect her daughter from the station.  Anyway straight into her large bedroom where there was a large double bed and massage table set up at one side.  Lovely Thai music, candles and scents.  Negotiated $70 for a RnT as it needed to be a 'quickie'.  We both undressed and I lay face down in the massage table then she commenced giving me a simply wonderful oil massage.  Plenty of butt work and long sensuous stroking took place. Jenny had a sort of wrap around her middle which she explained was to hide her scar that could have been from a caesarean  or similar operation.  Once it was time for the flip she massaged the jewels and drilling rod ever so well and allowed me to caress her ample breasts and feel her arse cheeks. As I moved my gentle fingering around to the outside of her pussy, I soon felt it getting wet but due to time constraints didn't push it any further this time.  Blew my load and allowed her to clean me up as she in a nice way wanting to hurry me up, so she could go and collect her daughter.

I'm not really sure what he limits are but I must say she does a great massage and is a lovely lady.  I will be keen to make a longer booking with her when I am next in Perth.  Now all I need is someone similar in Melbourne, Sydney and Brisbane and I will be in paradise.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 20th November 2015, 02:06 PM
Poster ID: ofaiom
Post Title: 
 Jenny Mature Thai
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name:Jenny

Establishment: private

Date of Visit:16/11/15

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: Phone 0417 754 999

Hours of Business: ring Jenny

Rates:$120 Per hour

Age:Mature

Size/shape:Big

Nationality or Ethnicity:Thai

Services Provided: Full Nude Massage(Probably FS as well didn't ask)

Value for money/recommend?: Value for money unrushed

My experience/comments:

Hi all i Saw this Mature Thai Massage in Belmont,Perth she charges $120 per hour.
Her house is clean and located in the corner lot so privacy is good.. 
She me took me to her room which was big as well. Nice music, candles aroma and she had a massage table.

Gave her the money and stripped up. Lied on the massage table and she started massaging. 
Her hands were soft strokes were gentle and sensual. I opted for light pressure massage.
 I like the way she slowly peeled off her clothes She allow full roaming i had lot of fun playing with her big boobs..
Overall enjoyed the punt..


Floor: #8
Post Time: 10th October 2016, 10:47 AM
Poster ID: justtalking
Post Title: 
 Jenny,Mature Thai Lady - Belmont WA - 0417 754 999
				
Post Content: 
Name : Jenny

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 5 October 2016

Contact Details : 0417754999  http://perth.locanto.com.au/ID_96966...mont-area.html

Hours of Business : 8am to 6pm (I believe but check)

Rates : $70/$130 - 30/60 minutes

Age : mid 40s

Size/shape : 10 with enhanced DDs

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : massage with HJ may be more on offer?

Value for Money/Recommended? : no/no

My experiece/comments : arrived to find her scantily dressed as usual. Has a proper massage table and bed so your choice. Massage was very poor and really just going throught the motions. Tease was very minor whilst laying on my front. On the flip a little more massaging and a very mechanical HJ.

Have been to see this lady a number of times as I don't mind them a little mature but this time it was a very ordinary experience. She answered texts 3 times and even took a call. My 60 minutes was more like 40!

Good part is you can shower before and after (alone) and the parking means you are away from prying eyes.

Would I visit her again? Never and have now deleted her number.


Floor: #9
Post Time: 1st May 2018, 11:26 AM
Poster ID: Brunswick
Post Title: 
 Jenny - Belmont WA - 0417 754 999
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jenny 

Establishment : private house - Belmont WA

Date of Visit : 9/4/2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : private house in Belmont - call for address 

Hours of Business : 10am - 11pm

Rates : $120 per hour 

Age : 45

Size/shape : size 10 - 12 - average 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : naked HJ - more on offer 

Value for money/recommend? : maybe 

My experience/comments : ive seen Jenny before, but this occasion was different...

smsed jenny and arranged to come to her house.  She's in a unit at the back of a block of units, but it's discreet enough.  Straight into the bedroom with a bed and a table.  Took the table.

striped down whist she waited in the room trying to get the music on.  She couldn't, so I tried to help, but her wifi was not working, so after 5 mins of mucking around with her iPad, she turned on an old CD player instead.  

She he started the massage, then took a phone call, then back to the massage.  I hate it when they do that. Anyway, we were chatting away as her engrish is pretty good.  After 20 mins or so, she strips down and mounts the table.  A quick bit of b2b which wa ok, but not the best.  On the flip, my hands where all over her pretty crap body.  Not quick sure why I did it, but when tits are there, I'll grab Em.  Nothing appeared to be off limits.  She took yet another call...  Anyway, I do believe she's had some experience here and her skills are pretty impressive.  She offered FS but as usual, I declinded. She finished the job with a HJ, left the room the get a towel, wiped me down and I was out the door.  

Naked massage with HJ for $120 seems good value, but I was a l title disappointed with the phone calls, not to mention when I got back in the car, it was only 50mins since I'd gotten out of the car, which includes me trying to help her with per music issues.  

WIR - probably... Until I find another with such great value and skills.


