Thread Title: Lexi - East Perth - 0400 119 823
Floor: #1
Post Time: 4th June 2018, 09:31 PM
Poster ID: Legs11
Post Title: 
 Lexi - East Perth - 0400 119 823
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lexi

Establishment : Private residence - [Removed] Wellington St East Perth

Date of Visit : 04 June 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://perth.locanto.com.au/ID_2180...-cAnadian.html - 0400 119 823

Hours of Business : mostly days but some shifts are until 10pm

Rates : 1/2 hour massage $150, 1 hour $200, Special endings 1/2hr $200, 1 hours $300 most popular

Age : Ad says 28

Size/shape : Short in stature, great boobs, shaved pussy

Nationality or Ethnicity : Canadian

Services Provided : Massage, HR, FS

Value for money/recommend? : YES

My experience/comments : 

I saw her ad on Locanto on Friday and messaged whether she would be working on Monday she said she was. Monday afternoon I text asking for a booking she replies with 5 pm, I say yes, and she texts me the address......40 Wellington St East Perth.......'bing, bing, bing', visited this address for a terrible massage by the 'Beauty Therapist - old lady'. Anyway I text her back asking if I have seen her before as I didn't want to see that person again, I've searched the mobile on this site, nothing comes up, she replies that she isn't the "old lady", "the bogan", or the "Asian lady pretending to be white" with a laugh, I thought that I would give her the benefit of the doubt and check her out cause the photos are awesome.

Got to the apartment, she opens the door the usual way, standing behind the door I walk in and low and behold, it was a good punt to pay off. I'm shown the room and she asks want I'm after, I give her $200 for an hour naked massage and then I watch her walk away wearing a top WITH NO PANTS ON showing off her butt and when she returned to the room, while I'm undressing, showing off her shaven pussy....which I had to look at several times (because of the dim lighting), I had to check and see if she wasn't wearing skin colour tights....which she wasn't by the way...I asked her and she replied that she doesn't like wearing pants/knickers when at home and walking around the place.... no complaints here.

I'm asked to lay on the bed for a rub down, lots of oil and lots of tackle tickle, while she straddled my leg rubbing her shaved pussy back and forth, I felt every movement and every hair...lol.

This went on for 20 minutes or so, with titty rub on the back, I had a feel of her inner thigh, she's brushing her hair over my back, it's time to roll over and check out her massive boobs....and that is not a disappointment...she oils me up and begins the rubbing, i'm trying to hold on as long as I can as I want to play with those boobs all night long.

I get both hands onto her nipples and start tweaking those bad boys, and she responds. When I move my hand away she brings it back to her nipple. The moment arrives and I shoot a load....

I'm asked to roll over and she gives me some more back rubbing while grinding her pussy on my leg. Awesome work.

I will return and will possible try her FS, I'm sure it will be fantastic.

Enjoy...


Floor: #2
Post Time: 4th June 2018, 11:08 PM
Poster ID: Legs11
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
OH I forgot to mention that while I was getting dressed, Lexi put on her bra and a top but still no knickers or pants to be seen, she actually put a leg up onto the bed while we chatted, giving me a nice view, she giving it a little tickle as well.....a very responsive and interactive girl, not one to piss you about, we chatted for awhile while laying on the bed as she sat legs apart .........I could've chatted to her for hours


