Thread Title: Lilly & Mona Massage - Marangaroo (NOR) - 0421 697 456
Floor: #1
Post Time: 4th December 2017, 12:43 PM
Poster ID: Calais V8
Post Title: 
 Lilly & Mona Massage - Marangaroo (NOR) - 0421 697 456
				
Post Content: 
Experienced Thai Masseuse MONA & LILY will fulfil your desires....contact 0421697456 - Marangaroo - Perth body rubs - cracker.com.au

                                                ***

Let us know what you want? Take your pick from either of  these exotic, voluptuous, oriental masseuses who will care for you and  satisfy your wishes here in Marangaroo. Why not try us both?!! 
Some things just get better with age. We are a pair of experienced  mature Thai ladies with tanned, soft skin. Cum quickly, call or SMS us  on 0421697456 so we can have some naughty fun and ultimate pleasure.

For our individual service prices are:
 60 min oil massage & happy ending $100  
 30 min oil massage & happy ending $70

Looking forward to fully serving you soon, anytime from 9am til 7pm................call us!

Meet us at our comfortable private residence local to Perth, north of the river in Marangaroo. 
Note: We expect you to be respectful and on time. For our own personal  safety and security we do not post our full pictures online, but what  you see is real. Left photos Mona, Right photos Lily.                                        

                                 Poster's age: 35

                                                    • Location:           Marangaroo, Warwick, Greenwood, Wangara, North Perth, Perth         

• Post ID: 76033952 perth



***
I visited this house in early November. I initially booked  Mona, but got switched last minute to Lilly, their new girl who had only  flown in from Thailand the night before, so I was her 2nd customer  ever.


 $130 for "nude" 1 hour massage.

 House is a nice enough property across the road from a park, which allows for extra parking.

 Turns out Mona is sort of the Girl running the place and moved the business from Kalgoorlie.

 Lilly was an older Lady too, but much like Mona had some great, firm  assets, a happy and outgoing personality and made for some good  conversation.

 Sadly I paid for nude also and did not receive  it, I put this down to her being new and shy, but perhaps they don't  provide the nude unless you push for it as I have heard of this happening with other punters. She only took her top off  towards the end of the massage and left her panties on.



 Massage was good, but it was clear she was inexperienced, the teasing  was non existent but I did receive body slides which was an unexpected  bonus, and given her large breasts, quite nice.

HJ was decent but nothing special, she changed up her technique at  the very wrong moment, sadly I think that was just inexperience in  telling when a guy is finishing, maybe she'll get there.

 All in all, a reasonable visit, but I notice their prices have gone  up dramatically for "nude" since my visit, which is disappointing given  it sounds like they often dont follow through

I would try this place again, this time I would like to try Mona tho, she seemed to be the experienced one, and had some decent looking assets herself.


