Thread Title: LuLu - Osborne Park - 0401 747 833
Floor: #1
Post Time: 14th February 2013, 04:00 AM
Poster ID: BJolympics
Post Title: 
 LuLu - Osborne Park - 0401 747 833
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : LuLu

Establishment : Private 

Date of Visit : 2/2/13

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Private Escorts : Lulu in Osborne Park - Massage is my specialty  0401 747 833, Osborne Park 

Hours of Business : 24 hours

Rates : $60 for 30 minAge : 30+

Size/shape : Skinny

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : everything

Value for money/recommend? : 

My experience/comments : (Lulu is a friendly girl in her 30s. I just wanted a happy ending with massage cuz that's what she advised on the website as massage specialist. It started out as a regular massage but it was exciting. She's really good at giving massage.  I wrapped a tiny towel around my waist and closed my eyes to enjoy massage. she was sensually moving her arms all over me. She touched me in places even I didn’t know has sensation, she put her left finger in my a**hole while giving me a handjob using right hand. Damn, it feels good, i coudln't last for 5 minutes. I'd come back again for the experience. )


Floor: #2
Post Time: 14th May 2013, 02:44 PM
Poster ID: RedOctober
Post Title: 
 Lulu Applecross
				
Post Content: 
Same Lulu and contacts as above has moved to Applecross.

Visited 12/05/13

Nationality Japanese

Age 32

Body 6/10, boobs B?C?

Working hours - 10 am till late. Said to be flexible

Services - Nude massage, HJ, bbbj, FS. 
Price $150 1hr FS 

Lulu was on my radar for a while after reading above rap. But Osborn park is a little bit away from my bitten roads so I had reserved visit for last Sunday. Phone call has been answered by Lulu who said she had moved to Canning hwy. which works even better. 
Nice older style house with ample secluded Carpark. 2 girls working from a house in a moment - second was mid 30sh Chinese. Money matter sorted - opted for fs $150. Shower together and playing with my ill bro. She dried me up and we are back in room. Massage was pretty good but short and obviously turn in stimulating ... Bbbj was great but Daty has been reduced to minimum as she is very sensitive down here. So for those expecting lengthy fiesta in Japanese porn movie style - hold a horses. Dom on, first on cow girl pos, usual " yu fuki me" followed by long doggy style session. Finally on my back, another long good bbbj and I'm done. Cleaning, great head and shoulder massage, another shower together - and good bye kiss. 
All round very good service with very reasonble price ( especially if you compare it with visit to MP with 10 mins FS on crippled table made $190 gap in my budget just a few days before) 

WIR - most probably yes. Service, personality, approach, all felt in place. At least for me.

Good luck brothers in arms ( or in ducks?)!!


Floor: #3
Post Time: 14th May 2013, 03:43 PM
Poster ID: PrawnStar
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Did she allow cim ? I have tried to book her several times but never got hold of her ;( and now she's in canning ton so far from me


Floor: #4
Post Time: 14th May 2013, 05:01 PM
Poster ID: RedOctober
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
No CIM last time just on body will check next time


Floor: #5
Post Time: 24th May 2013, 08:41 PM
Poster ID: dick
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Went to see this women lulu using contact Number and como address
o my god nothing like the above discriptions, she was in her 50 s fat and not attractive 
declined and was offered a young small girl who would be available in 5 mins so decieded to wait booked 30 mins
went in no shower offered (previous punter had just left so she wasn't so clean)
small yes young no again in 40s 50s made the mastake of paying for half an hour and when she took her clothes off it wasn t pretty , sagging here there and every where
just wanted to leave but as I had paid shut my eyes and imaged someone else, massage was ok, shes on top for the root and its ok and she was quite pleasant but  as soon as the deed was done I was off after twenty mins
bareback blow job was on the table but no thanks (health reasons) 

so how does the previous reviewers can be so wrong?!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

had visited this place before but didn't stay again due to false advertising ie age looks 
my advise is steer clear chaps


Floor: #6
Post Time: 25th May 2013, 12:51 PM
Poster ID: RedOctober
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Sorry dick.
Looks like missed or mixed identity case
1. She is in Applecross not Como - few Kms  away on another side of the River
2. She's definitely Japanese housewife in her early 30 not a post menopause witch.
3. She s not advertised as Lulu for a few weeks
4. Phone - use of the same phone for different WL by mamasan is even more popular than use of faked photos onBC. 

Looks  like we were served by different Lulus anyway thanks for warning


Floor: #7
Post Time: 27th May 2013, 12:18 PM
Poster ID: PrawnStar
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
redoctober so shes in applecross is the number still the same ? might try n look her up again today


Floor: #8
Post Time: 27th May 2013, 12:43 PM
Poster ID: RedOctober
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hi prawn star
I'm not sure in a moment as I had not seen here last 3 weeks. Meanwhile I have spotted her (???) pics under name Suki Applecross. Just search on BC. Or try previous phone number and ask details. Good punt mate!


Floor: #9
Post Time: 29th May 2013, 11:54 AM
Poster ID: RedOctober
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Investigation report.

Gentlemen!
Latest news were disturbing and contradicting so private investigating has been lodged and executed by me.  Few different POI (person of interest) has been interrogated with first level of pressure.
The following info is gathered as a result. 
1. Subject is known under nick name Lulu
2. Subject is working in sex industry as a WL(working lady)
3. Last known place of dwelling and working was Applecross.
4. New place is unknown but reported as "somewhere North"
5.subject  Lulu Photo pictures has been observed on BC website under new alias Suki. Similarity check is required.
6. Direct call disguised as a horny customer has been replied by authentic Lulu (voice recognition software is used) . Subject said she is not available for service during exact day due to other activities - shopping. Another day was offered. 
7. As a result of conversation I feel really horny so another WL has been gathered for further investigation on here previous place of dwelling. Separate repot to follow.

Yours trully
Agent RO


Floor: #10
Post Time: 6th June 2013, 09:17 PM
Poster ID: Tallguy_71
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lulu

Establishment : 713B Canning Hwy

Date of Visit : 17/5/2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0401 747 833

Hours of Business : 7 days - extended hours

Rates : $80 for 30 minutes 

Age : late 30's / early 40's

Size/shape : plump - sz 10 -12

Nationality or Ethnicity : Japanese / Chinese

Services Provided : Massage, BBBJ

Value for money/recommend? : Good

My experience/comments : Based on prev. reviews thought LuLu would be a worthwhile punt and Applecross location was a bonus.  Lulu(?) provided an average massage (not terrible / nothing special), admired my cock and then enquired whether I would like to upgrade for a total of $80 to include some touching / fingering and a blow job. She then continued to suck / wank me off to completion (spitting).  Overall a good service - but have had better massages and full service in past.   

From previous posts I am unsure as to whether I saw the 'legitimate' Lulu or an imposter.  Can anybody advise?


Floor: #11
Post Time: 10th June 2013, 04:33 PM
Poster ID: RedOctober
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Looks like it was her... And thanks for timely notice - no DFK next week


Floor: #12
Post Time: 25th June 2013, 03:40 PM
Poster ID: RedOctober
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Name Lulu - Mimi 

Establishment - Casablanca, naval base

Contact - phone as above 

Cost $150 FS ph &130 Massage with HJ

Vfm - ok

It was short 1/2 hr visit I paid Lulu yesterday. Making some "bank visit" excuses I did use my lunch break with better purpose than awaiting in branch queue. 

First contact has been made by msg and she replied by phone. She's on roster so this week is working from Rockingham. Address shows Naval Base - just 10 minutes  drive from my office. So far so good. 

She's working from (or for) Casablanca use to be famous parlour few years ago. Now it is run down establishment with 2 WL  still serving some odd uniformed men like me on lunch breaks and on the way home. I had not been here for a while and found premises even more degraded from last meeting here with a couple of Korean witches. 

I opted to 1/2 hr FS for $100. They have eftpos so CC payment was easy. $5 surchase for CC as usual.

Lulu was cheerful, help to get of gear, shower on offer. Start with great bbbj followed by fs. Daty has been reduced to minimum as she doesn't like it    She has  a habit to keep her hand on pussy either to prevent from deep pushes or just to make it feel tighter - distractive for me so I ask  "pure pussy" access which was granted. Finish with combination of BJ and HJ with cim. Some cleaning and amateurish but strong and well performed massage to finish a task. 

Shower - the same  ice cold room as a year ago but with even dirtier floor and broken sliding door. I left with water still dripping on floor. Lulu was awaiting fully dressed and helped with drying up and dress up. . Always good part of her - all this buttons and laces job . She told me she has advertised as Mimi recently and she's working week by week from Casablanca and Applecross. 

WIR - may be. Its not her fault premisses are run down... Her service is still ok and well priced for me but .... some compliance has been observed. 

Good luck brothers in arms


