Thread Title: Qualified Blonde Relaxation Therapist - Perth - 0484 721 979
Floor: #1
Post Time: 29th May 2017, 10:00 PM
Poster ID: Legs11
Post Title: 
 Qualified Blonde Relaxation Therapist - Perth - 0484 721 979
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Not sure

Establishment : Private residence 

Date of Visit : 29 May 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink:     QUALIFIED Blonde Relaxation Therapist - Perth body rubs - cracker.com.au

Hours of Business : 12 noon till late

Rates : 30 mins - $90,  1 hour - $150 extras available for the right price

Age :  mid 50's

Size/shape : Average, with a great rack

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : CBJ HJ massage

Value for money/recommend? : Not really, not for me

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

I received a text in the morning stating that she was  available today, which is two days after I asked for the Saturday, I got back to her later in the morning asking for an hour session in the afternoon, agreed to 1pm.

On my way to East Perth area she didn't realise that she didn't give me the actual address only the street and suburb, was a 1 pm time slot which moved to 1.15 pm when I eventually got there. She greeted me at the door with a pinch of my bum as I walked in (here we go this should be good, I thought). 

She has a deep rusty voice like she's been smoking non-stop for the past 20 years, calls me 'babe', 'hun', and 'darl' a lot as we chat, I pass over the cash...which was for an hour session $150.

Once on the table, she uses a heat pack and a lot of oil and I mean a lot of oil, covers you with a towel, chatting away. She's wearing a blue dress with revealing cleavage which wasn't too bad as they were great to look at, dress is short.

She massages away and after only 15 mins asks for me to turn over, does the therapist thing and covers you as you turn but had a good look as I laid down. Once on my back she moved to the top of my head and started on my chest pushing her boobs into my face with a comment of 'I better be careful I don't suffocate you....', we laughed as I said I can breathe thru my ears so it's ok......she does it a few more times and I get a lick of them both.

I asked her if she lets the girls go free and she comes back with 'if you have the cash' unfortunately I only brought 150 for the hour session, which soon turned into a 30 min session of CBJ, Tits out, hand up her dress to feel her G banger and some rubbing of her pussy (no entry), she does have a great pair very perky for her age and nipples were very attentive......

Once the climax had come and gone she insisted I have a shower because of the amount of oil she has placed on me, had the shower, had a chat while getting dressed and then out the door....

I'm not that keen on returning as she isn't 36, more mid 50's but with a pretty good body but a very raspy voice, and the photo is definitely not of her, maybe her daughter, who knows

Ad is below;

As a qualified massage / health therapist I care about my appearance and have a sporty size 10 figure and a very attractive face . I provide a relaxation massage using slow long strokes , with even pressure to ease away tension from your tired muscles . 

You will gain better health benifits and this will help you totally relax . 

RELAXATION MASSAGE : 
30 mins - $90 

1 hour - $150 

I am happy to advise you on any of your health concerns 
PRIVATE with parking in the Perth CBD . 

0484721979

Enjoy your day !
Poster's age: 36


Floor: #2
Post Time: 27th June 2017, 02:25 PM
Poster ID: 37soom
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
thanks for review - save me some cash


