Thread Title: Relaxation & Sensual massages -Morley  -  Emma
Floor: #1
Post Time: 19th January 2017, 08:00 PM
Poster ID: Legs11
Post Title: 
 Relaxation & Sensual massages -Morley  -  Emma
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Emma

Establishment (if applicable): Private House

Contact Details/Address: email via Craigslist ad - Dianella 

Hours of Business: Wasn't discussed, I would say it's business hours from 10 am till she says so

Prices: $110 - 30 mins, $140 - hour (semi-nude), $180 Hour (Naked)

Age: late 20s

Size/shape: Athletic

Nationality or Ethnicity: AUSSIE

Services: Massage & HJ only

Value for money/recommend?: Yes

My experience/comments:

I was perusing Craigslist the other day and getting bored of the fake adverts, when I stumbled across Emma's ad, 

http://perth.craigslist.com.au/ths/5941598166.html

Relaxation & Sensual Massages - by female

Feel yourself relax as my hands glide across your body, kneading away your stress and tension.

I offer gentle relaxation or sensual massages for both men and women.

30 minutes: $70
60min: $100

My relaxation massage is all about relaxing; gentle - firm long smooth gliding movements that will remove the stresses of daily life. My treatments are designed to soothe and relax you, not to relieve pain or ailments. 

My sensual massage is all about touch; slow, gentle experience with softer movements along the body to soothe through the sense of touch. My sensual massage techniques do not focus on any particular muscle groups, intending to relax and simultaneously engage your nervous system, leading your mind to relax and focus solely on the touch. Additional services are available as per below should you wish to extent your experience.

Located near Morley, I'm 28, Aussie, fit, toned and perform my massages semi-nude.

Additional services available for both relaxation and sensual massage: 
- Lend a hand for $40 
- Me naked (as opposed to lingerie) $40


Contact has only been via email, I asked if she was available on Wednesday to which she replied that she was fully booked. I did what I don't normally do and booked for the next day in the afternoon a naked sensual massage, which she confirmed, sending me her address as well.

Her location is a private house located in Dianella area, I arrived on 2 pm and was greated by Emma in a satin gown, she is around 5'6", Brunette and slim build, very pleasant nature, small talk as we walked to the massage room. I was looking around as we were chatting and noticed a guy sitting out the back by the pool, not the sort of thing I would like to see but he was outside and she didn't offer to explain so I didn't ask. I presume it could be her minder/partner/housemate, who knows and quite frankly who cares as she is going to be naked in front of me.

I was explained the room and when ready she would return to begin. I was laying on the table waiting, more pleasantries given between us. I decided not to put my head in the hole and look at the ground and her feet as she would move around the table. 

WOW what an awesome sight I had in front of me, her shaven pussy about 5 inches away from my salivating mouth, what a fantastic sight it was, she was massaging my back and with that moving her pussy closer to my face....friggen awesome, I did have my hands in front of me hoping for a slight touch, which did come and felt great.

I've decided to relax after the awesome view and her touch was very firm and sensual in areas, lightly touching me when she moved around the table, rubbing her hands down my back and having her boobs touch my shoulders gave me a massive grin.

Emma massaged me all over and when it was time to over I caught a sight of her fantastic boobs with hard nipples, no sag no droop, just there for me to see....OMG...fantastic, size C or D's but I don't really know as I was in awe of them.

Emma then stands at the head end of the table and begins to massage my chest working her way down to the old fella, her fantastic boobs cm's away from the mouth, her aroma was enticing and wonderful. She did this quite a few times moving from my left side to the right so that I could see them in all their wonder and glory.

Emma then moves to the side to massage my legs, one at a time, and starts to fondle the old fella, much to his delight. 

Coming to the end of the hour, she oils up and begins to play, she is leaning against the table where my hand is and I feel her sweet shaven pussy, I move away as I wasn't sure of what I could do and she mentioned that I could touch her all over if I wanted however between the legs is off limits.

I happily feel around and she is absolutely TONED, smooth skin...................HER BOOBS are fantastic, they feel solid and heavy, nipples erect and hard, I lightly flick them and grab a handful of boob, once I started this there was no turning back and I explode........Emma cleans me up, leaves a towel for me, offers a shower and a glass of water, leaves me to dress and returns to show me out. Pleasantries given as we walk down the hallway, a hug and peck on the cheek for my departure.

Emma is one of the better ones I have seen in Perth and I would definitely return.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 17th February 2017, 08:55 PM
Poster ID: Legs11
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Made a second booking with the loveley Emma, what an awesome session, excellent massuese and absolutely smoking hot body, with a fantastic personality.

Nothing much changed from the my initial post, however this time I kept my head out of the hole to watch her pussy while she massaged my back, what a delight to see


Floor: #3
Post Time: 16th May 2017, 03:44 PM
Poster ID: Legs11
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Emma

Establishment : Private residence

Date of Visit : 16 May 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://perth.craigslist.com.au/ths/6126624707.html

Hours of Business : Mon-Fri 6am-4pm and weekends 9am-12noon.

Rates : 30 minutes: $70
60min: $100
90min: $160
Additional services: 
- lend a hand for $40  
- me nude (as opposed to lingerie) $40

Age : late 20's

Size/shape : Athletic and toned

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : Massage and HJ

Value for money/recommend? : YES

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

I have seen Emma before a few times and thought I'd put up another review as this girl is absolutely fantastic, touch, technique and sensual.

Sent an sms to her in the morning asking if she was available for a midday rendezvous to which she was available. I booked for an hour session.

Greeted at the door with her in a light robe and a warm smile. Led to the room, given a couple of minutes to undress and get comfortable on the table, she returns takes of the robe to show her delicious body in her bra and knickers, she started to massage then realised that I asked for her to be naked, so she quickly removed them to reveal a smooth shaved pussy which I couldn't take my eyes off of, her boobs are absolutely stunning. All the while we chatted about everyday moments between us.

Emma has a great massage technique, slow and relaxing. Time for the turn over and I get to look at her body and wow, perky beautiful boobs, she moves to the top of my head and massages my chest allowing her boobs to come close to my mouth, and they are fantastic to taste as they are to look at, her aroma and slow massage of my chest and old fella is fantastic. She moves to the front of my legs with a bit of special touch to the old fella, very enjoyable.

Time for the money shot and she applies a lot of oil, great technique, allows my to feel her body, stomach is rock hard (no pussy play) but you can feel the front of it. She moves to allow me to check her boobs out and I feel them, nipples hardened and I have trouble holding on (tried to hold off as long as I could to feel as much of her as I could but to no avail...lol).

She is genuine and a very lovely girl. 

Her partner is in the house while the massage goes on, he knows all about the situation, fuck knows if I could do that as I'd have her all to myself thanks but each to their own.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 6th June 2017, 02:05 PM
Poster ID: Legs11
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Now with photos

https://perth.craigslist.com.au/ths/6139422318.html


