Thread Title: Sarah - Bassendean - 0488 778 536
Floor: #1
Post Time: 27th May 2016, 10:15 PM
Poster ID: antares01
Post Title: 
 Sarah - Bassendean - 0488 778 536
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sarah

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : Early May

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0488 778 536

Hours of Business : Unknown

Rates : $150 for the hour

Age : 50s I reckon

Size/shape : Short, obese, E cup perhaps

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Nude RnT

Value for money/recommend? : Probably not

My experience/comments : 

Copy of advertisement from classifieds in The West Australian news paper:

Massage  Busty Sensual
Mature Thai Private
Bassendean 0488 778 536

I had limited time, was looking for a private rather than a shop.  This one was close to where I was staying so thought I would TOFTT and add to the Perth list.

Phoned up, reasonable English and booked a couple of hours ahead, quoted $150 for nude massage and HJ.  Private townhouse in a block of 4 with street parking in very quiet cul de sac. 

Arrived at appointed time to be met by short dumpy Sarah.  The front door opens straight into the front room which was the only room I saw as massage table in this room.  I was really looking forward to a massage so decided to go ahead.  Had a bit of a chat and hand over $, no shower offered before or after.  I strip off and hop onto table which is pushed up against wall so clearly Sarah will be working from one side only.  While Sarah is stripping off we keep having a chat and Sarah seem quite a nice type, shame she is so overweight.  

Anyway, Sarah now starts her massage which is actually quite nice with a mixture of firm therapeutic alternating with plenty of body to body with her massive breasts and inner thigh attention and TT.  While this was going on I noticed that while the security door was closed the solid front door was wide open .......... oh well, seemed a very quiet neighborhood.

Onto the front half and a pretty good massage again with plenty of variety.  Reasonable teasing HJ, nice and slow to start with and a nice build up. Have to admit I wasn't really interested in touching Sarah so don't know what the limits are.  Also I didn't ask re extras.

Very limited clean up with wet towels, left feeling quite oily.

In summary, Sarah is quite a nice person to have a chat with, seriously overweight and noting to look at.  Reasonable massage and HJ skills.  Premises very cluttered and cramped.  WIR?  For $150 Nude RnT?  Nah, on balance I think I will try somewhere else next time.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 28th May 2016, 04:16 PM
Poster ID: lonelypunter
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I've been a bit busy so couldn't write a review for a while.yes i have seen her as well.  She is Thai. You should only try if you are into BBW asian mature ladies.  Parking was easy as i parked in her driveway (last house). 
You should try Gina
https://auxxxreviews.com/forum/f268/...6-856-a-36939/


