Floor: #1
Post Time: 11th August 2017, 12:39 AM
Poster ID: Legs11
Post Title: 
 Sexy blonde bombshell/massages/nude/topless/lingerie (north of perth)
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Kristy

Establishment : Private residence in Innaloo, or your place

Date of Visit : 10 Aug 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://perth.craigslist.com.au/stp/...244569945.html 

Hours of Business : By appointment

Rates : massage 50 mins/nude/hand relief/ $150 topless $90  
 
Age : Advertised at 28, however probably early 30's

Size/shape : Athletic, slightly toned

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : HJ, Massage, Topless massage-naked cleaning of whatever you want (house/car/yard)

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : 

After a few emails, sms's and a phone call, a time was arranged for 10 am at my place. She gave a call when she arrived at the complex, gave her instructions on how to get to my door, had a peek out the window to see a blonde, skinny girl standing waiting. I open the door and the photos are pretty much on the money, even the reflective aviators......

Anyway I invite her in and we small talk, she is nervous (so am I), after the pleasantries are out of the way, I offer her a drink and she asks for a coffee and receives said coffee after I show her the upstairs bathroom for her to de-clothe, I return to make the coffee and when I turn around there is a bronze, blonde beauty stark naked standing in my kitchen, great set of boobs, thick nipples and with this cold weather (I did have the heater on for her) they were permenantly on high beam. My reaction puts a smile on her dial and we chat some more, as she drinks her coffee.

I was planning on having her do some naked vacuuming upstairs but decided against it as being silly but she was prepared to go ahead, however I wanted to feel her hands on me so we go to the loungeroom for the massage. She asks if I'm sore anyway, I said legs and lower back so Kirsty pretty much focused on those areas only touching on the torso, chest and arms. Kirsty does ok on the lower back massage, mentioning that the oil is very good....eh I thought but told her it was great. While she was massaging my legs she was bent over facing my feet and so had her shaven pussy on display which I couldn't take my eyes off of, great view. Anyway time to flip over and she focuses on my legs, getting closer to the old fella, eventually cupping my balls and stroking the willy, he is getting more excited with each touch. Kirsty kneels between my legs, facing me (I cannot take my eyes off of her body, boobs, pussy) and starts to oil him up for the finale.

It took awhile as I blew my load last night and the fact I was watching her go to town, I ask if I can touch, she said yes, tried to move into her nether regions but to no avail but her tits, nipples body were/are fantastic. Time to cum, unfortunately I didn't warn her (I'm not a vocal one) and I blow my load, she hops up and I wipe myself down, she wipes herself down as well and then we have another coffee together......naked.....in the kitchen....nice view.

Kirsty said that she has only been doing this for about six months now and I think she is thinking of taking further steps as she gets a lot of offers for FS by the sounds of it.....I asked her 'what else do you do?' and she said just this "....AT THE MOMENT....", so it's on her mind, just be patient.

She goes upstairs to get dressed and away she goes, not a bad session, massage was good, could of been better if it was on an actual massage table but I was lazy and keen for her to come over. 

I probably will see her again but probably at her place/establishment.

She is away for the week on holidays in Qld.

Cheers
						



 Attached Images


Floor: #2
Post Time: 15th September 2017, 06:14 PM
Poster ID: Legs11
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Kristy

Establishment : Her place in Scarborough

Date of Visit : 5 Sept 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : as original post

Hours of Business : from 10 pm till late, or by appointment

Rates : massage 50 mins/nude/hand relief/ $150 topless $90 

Age : late 20's (pushing it tho) early 30's more like it

Size/shape : slim, Athletic

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : naked massage and HR

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : I wanted to see her again to see if I would be able to get FS with her, so I booked to see her around lunch and was given her address. Once at the home was offerred water and shown to her bedroom, she doesn't have a massage table so it was the bed only.

I laid down and started to recieve an ok massage, she uses a bit of oil and does get stuck in. Last time I was perving on her shaved snatch while she massaged my legs, this time was to be because of the bed and I think she has her red light on.

Once the massage of my back was done, I turned over and she massaged my legs and chest slightly touching the old fella. Time had come for the final moment, she adds the oil and starts to rub away, while she was going for it it sat up to kiss her back, rubbing her back, arms and feeling her boobs. I asked if I could do the same to her (DATY) but her response was that she was prickly, I thougth it was a precautionary answer as she didn't say anything else. All the while she was licking my shaft and sucking my balls, hence my question, I asked her again and she said that she couldn't allow it at this time because of the time. Any way I stopped asking and enjoyed the licking and sucking until the finale.

She has mentioned that she is considering FS and I reckon I was very close to getting it, it just depends on how she feels about you and the moment.....be patient and respectful and I think you'll hit pay dirt or hit her shaved pussy...lol

I only paid $140 for the visit which went over an hour and was worth it..

Good luck


Floor: #3
Post Time: 29th October 2017, 03:07 AM
Poster ID: jmichael
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Anyone have a phone number for Kristy? Original link not working anymore


