Thread Title: Sophia, Taiwanese BABE! Slippin'n'slidin' away in Canning Vale!- 0473 058 454
Floor: #1
Post Time: 12th July 2015, 05:09 AM
Poster ID: baldie
Post Title: 
 Sophia, Taiwanese BABE! Slippin'n'slidin' away in Canning Vale!- 0473 058 454
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sophia

Date of Visit : 12th July 2015

Address : House in Canning Vale, address given when booking is made.

Phone : 0473 058 454

Links:
http://wa.locanto.com.au/ID_47154594...r-Massage.html
Taiwan Lady trying to make her way in this world - Perth body rubs - backpage.com

Hours of Business : make a booking

Rates : 1 hour massage, body-slides, relief $150

Age : 21-25yo (?)

Size/shape : slim and slender

Looks: pretty girl!

Nationality or Ethnicity : Mandarin Taiwanese 

Services Provided : massage, body-slides, Spanish, HJ or CBJ

Wow, what a time I had with Canning Vale Sophia! This girl is the gorgeous girl you see in the photos! She wore the black frilly panties from the photos during my session.


At a a private suburban house, a nice, clean air-conditioned room awaits. Equipped with a quality massage table and a bed, Sophia directed me into the shower.


The first stage was a massage, and it was pretty good, even though I took the "soft massage" option, you can tell she knew how to get the job done. The first stage was under a towel, with the exception of some very good attention to the calves and the neck. She also uses her knees on your back, which actually felt pretty good.


Second stage was an all-over soft-touch tease. Strangely enough, not too much on the sensitive areas, but lots of light fingernail brushes and tickling all over the back and legs. Despite the lack of groinal attention during this part, it was still very good. 


Third stage was bodyslide to the back, nice stuff! And her hair running across your shoulders and lower back while she does it felt great and gave me tingles.


Fourth stage, (good god!) frontal bodyslide. The shift from Spanish to slide back to Spanish was sublime! I grabbed hold of her and experienced the most intimate slide I've ever had. It was the closest thing to sex without insertion, just phenomenal. The positioning of her legs and thighs during the movement back and forth, the heavy breathing in your ear, the odd nibble here and there, the Spanish, I loved it. To have a gorgeous woman like that sliding all over you, just, wow. 


She slid off me, leant over the table and placed those beautiful soft titties in my face. Despite the lack of groinal arousal during the tease, the frontal slide got me to the precipice and kept me there for an extended period of time. The resultant finish was therefore long and sustained, but even better was the technique she used at the point of climax, which intensified and prolonged a quality headrush for almost 10-15 seconds after. (It was a combination of rough roll-back, head-squeezing, and flicking/poking -  I dunno how to explain it, but this was so good my eyes were rolling back into the back of my head!)


Honestly, I downed a full glass of water and staggered into the shower. The post-match boner lasting half-way though the drive home...


This was well worth it!


Floor: #2
Post Time: 14th July 2015, 03:45 PM
Poster ID: Blued
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Locanto/Backpage ad (text and photos are same):





			
				Taiwan Lady trying to make her way in this world - 23

Please Note: I ignore all numbers i can't text. I need to text to keep track of all my bookings and let me google translate words i dont understand. So if your a private number or landline i will ignore you.

I only give my address when a booking is made, saying i will be there in 30 is not a booking!

Available at our House, on a proper massage table. I offer discreet parking (we are next to a shopping centre)

1 Girl Sensual Massage (Shower Included)
$100 90 Min
$70 60 Min
$55 45 Min
$40 30 Min

Pick your addons
$30 HJ
$50 BJ (Covered Only)
$50 Nude (Yes from the start, Yes gentle touching allowed)
$80 Nuru Massage (surcharge if over an hour)

NO QUICK TIME!!!
Massage + Addons = Total Price

Appointments can be made on 0473 058 454
I am new to Perth and am enjoying this time practicing English, please be considerate that it is not my first language


Floor: #3
Post Time: 13th August 2015, 10:40 AM
Poster ID: massageplease
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hmmm, I transit Perth semi regularly, may have to follow your reviews, Made a call to winks last time, ok But this looks much better actually.


