Thread Title: Summer - Morley - 0401 877 239
Floor: #1
Post Time: 2nd July 2016, 01:30 AM
Poster ID: baldie
Post Title: 
 Summer - Morley - 0401 877 239
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Summer

Date of Visit : June 2016

Address : House in Bayswater/Morley, address given when booking is made.

Phone : 0401877239

Links : 

: Main

Ad has been removed | Locanto 

Hours of Business : make a booking

Rates :

Full body Thai massage $50 half, $80 hour.

Nude massage hand job happy ending $60/20min, $70/30min, $80/45min, $100/hour.

Massage relax oil body slide massage $70/20min, $80/30min, $100/45min, $120/hour  (inc ludes hand job happy ending).

Age : In her forties

Size/shape : thickly built. Nice waist, enhanced boobs with big brown pointy nipples, and great butt. Quite athletically built, healthy-looking ex-dancer's body.

Looks : A fair bit of age in the face, body is still bangin' though.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Isaan Thai

Services Provided : proper massage, body-slides, Spanish, HJ

Summer gives a very good massage. Private residence is a very nice house with well-appointed and spotless bathrooms.

She's a Thai lady, probably in her forties with a great body. Has implants which make me wonder if she was a body-sculptor or a fitness freak in her younger years. In her younger days, she probably looked like one of those hot, solid-bodied little Isaan bar girls that the foreigners in Thailand seem to enjoy, the typical "LBFMPBR" as it were, with beautiful smooth brown skin and dark brown nipples.

She's very friendly and put me at ease as soon as I entered the place. The "clinical experience" I mentioned in the details above, were to do with the fact that she does a proper massage, a very good one at that. All done in the nude too. We actually clicked very well and enjoyed a pretty good conversation, she has a good sense of humour and can be quite chatty.

The bodyslide was very nice, but what I really liked was her intuitive teasing. This was a real highlight. She would work on an area, the shaft, the head, the perineum, inner thighs one after the other. She was confident in knowing when to stop on an area and when to start, she knew how to handle a man, and how toy with him.There was something really turning me on about her demeanour, like she knew that what she was doing was driving me to the precipice and how it was just too easy for her; toying with my ability to contain myself. Some thing very erotic about that, controlling your body better than you yourself can. My mind was racing thinking of all the things she learnt in her younger years, but I'm digressing now.

On the turnover, there was more of the same, stopping for a bit of spanish. Again, knowing when to allow you relax, then how to bring you back up again.

Finish was very tiring, and she gave a nice head and back massage while you lie there getting your breath back in the afterglow.

The pictures in her ads are definitely her, though they may be a few years old.
Locanto ad, BC ad

THE PICTURES BELOW ARE NOT REAL, they are approximations. Her body is quite dark and compact, with a nice big ole healthy butt, like the first picture; while her enhanced boobs and pointy nipples are like the second picture, though a lot browner and pointier:





I recommend for those wanting a great massage and some skill in the HJ. She loves a chat and is very diligent and skilled in her work. And the prices are excellent. My experience for an hour, was only $120, especially given how nice I felt afterwards.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 6th July 2016, 06:01 AM
Poster ID: Blued
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Locanto ad



			
				Thai massage , relax massage Summer Thai girl - 28
Ad ID: 687007327

Location: bayswater, perth, western australia 6053, Australia
Posted less than a month ago
Hi everyone, my name is Summer, I'm 28yo sz7, 36DD, Stunning, 100% real photos.
Please don't ask me more photo as my refusal may offend. 
Booking and arriving on time, you will then see me and have great massage and very good time.

(Includes medium massage & relaxing oil massage)

Please note I ignore all numbers I can't text, this is to keep track of all my bookings.
If you are private number I will ignore you. 
I only give my exact address when a booking is made.

I'm near Bayswater Train Station/Bayswater hotel. 
Call or message to make an appointment, let me know what time you would like to book and how long you want to book for.

Make sure you are punctual or your booking may be cancelled. 
Call to make a booking on:
0401 877 239.

Full body Thai massage (Include normal massage) 
$50half $80per hour. 
Nude massage hand job happy ending $60/20min $70/30min $80/45 $100/hour
Massage relax oil body slide massage $70/20min $80/30min $100/45min $120/hour (Include hand job happy ending)

Very nice clean house. Private house in Bayswater. No out call.

Open 7 days. Monday-Friday 9am to 8pm. 
Saturday - Sunday 10am to 6pm
Belmont, Bassendean, Ascot, Bedford, Inglewood, Morley, Maylands, Redcliffe, Embleton,
Rivervale, Perth easy to meet. 
My advertisement is very clear. 
Hope to see you soon.
Thanks Everyone   ^ ___ ^


Floor: #3
Post Time: 2nd August 2016, 11:44 AM
Poster ID: PrawnStar
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I gave summer a while and I must say shes not bad nice massage sexy body with a smashing set of tits on her, conversation was so so but i did enjoy the massage and the mirror and they way she was positioned overall pretty good and a decent rate.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 28th August 2016, 05:20 PM
Poster ID: lofty14u
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Summer

Date of Visit : Yesterday

Address : House in Bayswater, address given when booking is made.

Phone : 0401877239

Links : 

http://www.beautifulcompanions.com.a...Bayswater.html

http://perth.locanto.com.au/ID_68700...Thai-girl.html 

Hours of Business : Not sure

Rates :

Full body Thai massage $50 half, $80 hour.

Nude massage hand job happy ending $60/20min, $70/30min, $80/45min, $100/hour.

Massage relax oil body slide massage $70/20min, $80/30min, $100/45min, $120/hour (inc ludes hand job happy ending).

Age : In her forties, but she assures me she is 32............yeah right.

Size/shape : Slim, probably around 40kg's, Nice waist, has got that strange excess skin on her belly like she's lost a lot of weight, bolt ons with typical Thai lady big brown pointy nipples, and great butt. 

Looks : Not the most attractive, but passible (lots of face makeup plastered on)
Nationality or Ethnicity : Isaan Thai

Services Provided :massage, body-slides, Spanish, HJ (No FS)

Private residence is a very nice newish house with well-appointed and spotless bathrooms. Shower offered on completion.

The massage.

I was disappointed from the start as I had limited time for the punt, and she kept me waiting and we started 20mins late. Into the room and she advises to nude up and get on the bed. She disappears out of the room while I get ready. By now, its 25mins after my appointment time. She returns into the room 10 mins later and is SMSing on her phone. I ask her if she puts the phone down for the massage and she gets cranky, saying she is busy and has to answer clients. I'm now getting pissed off. It's 30mins since my appointment time now and theres been no start, only me laying there while she SMS'.

Massage starts (I payed $120 for the nude bodyside) and the massage is a lot of prodding my legs. No oil. She grabs a wet one and asks if I'd like my feet massaged. Wipes my left foot and gives a couple of prods of the sole of my foot. Then starts prodding my leg up to the back and then shoulders. Its a very ordinary massage so far...............Ha ha, only one foot gets the massage as well.

The saving grace is she's nude and I can look at her great arse in the mirror, although the room is that dark, I have to use my imagination to see the pussy etc. 
She continues this crappy prodding "massage" and I ask if she's going to use any oil...........she gets pissed off and mutters something that I didn't understand. This lady is hard to understand. After I asked the oil question, not long after, she puts a heap of cold oil on my back and rubs it around. Then she starts oiling up her bolt ons and starts rubbing them over my back and butt. Yeah.........nothing to write home about so far. Asks me to flip and she continues with the body slide and I ask if I can touch her pussy while she slides on my front. Touching is ok, but nothing inside. So I'm rubbing her smooth box and arsehole Ive now got a strong boner and she starts stropping me off.

This woman is a machine.........very ordinary HJ, very fast, absolutely none of the techniques mentioned in the review above. Just a hard and fast stroking action, it even felt like she was wearing some skin of the little Lofty. I asked her to rub my balls which she did, but nothing sensual, just pushed them against my body and rolled them around. 

I eventually shot a good load, as I'd saved up a week or so. She laughed aloud when she saw it land on my belly?? WTF?? 

Cleaned me up and then sat me up for a very ordinary head massage to finish. Her oily fingers actually put oil into my eye as she rolled them over the eye. 

I've had a lot of massages, especially as some punters on here will know, from Thai ladies, both here and in the LOS. This was definately a VERY ORDINARY MASSAGE. 

50 minutes after she started, I'm showered and walking out the door, before the next guy comes in (no doubt the one she was SMSing earlier).

Would I return? Definately NOT. 

Luckily I'm in Perth for only a couple of days.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 25th July 2018, 11:25 AM
Poster ID: davies1520
Post Title: 
 Summer - Bayswater - 0401 877 239
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Summer


Establishment : Private


Date of Visit : July 2018


Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Summer Best Nude Body Slide Thai Massage
https://perth.locanto.com.au/ID_6696...i-Massage.html
0401 877 239


Hours of Business : 1000-2100


Rates : 120/hr or 150/hr


Age : Approx 28


Size/shape : Short, Slim, Fit - curvy hips and large boobs


Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai


Services Provided : Massage, bodyslide and HJ all standard. The extra service is a strip tease


Value for money/recommend? : No




Positives: 
pictures are real,
happy, perhaps to point of being manic though
not a clock watcher


Negatives: 
slow response, 
'tested' me by delaying the appointment over and over, 
talked too much, 
kept interrupting the service with changing music, talking, drinking wine etc




I messaged her a ocuple of months ago, asking what the 'teasing' part of her service meant. She replied and seemed offended that I asked her, spending a lot of time telling me how her ad was clear and she didn't have time to explain everything. She could have replied "it's a strip-tease" much faster, but perhaps the language barrier was the problem.


Still, her attitude led me to believe she is genuine so when I was around in Perth again and her ad was still there, I decided to book her. I sent her a message and a few hours later she agreed to the 1230 booking for the following day. The following day she asked me to delay 30 mins, which I was fine with. After arriving early and waiting in the car, she asked me to wait longer so after half an hour I messaged her again and she asked me to wait another half hour.


Finally at 1400 I was invited in. At first she blamed the delays on an injury she received the night before (which were genuine - I offered to leave if she didn't feel up to massaging but she said it was fine). Later she told me she delayed me a few times purely to 'test' me and see if I was a nice person.


I asked again what she meant by teasing, and she said I'd find out. Turns out it is a strip-tease and not referencing teasing my body with her fingers. Damn. I should have gone for the standard massage/slide/HJ.


She danced for me, but kept stopping to change the music, sip wine, talk etc. Then she did the same while jerking me off. Eventually she focussed on the matter at hand (hehe) and got me to rub her pussy vigorously at the same time. She orgasmed before finishing me off.


After all that she massaged my back on the bed. She doesn't like tables, pausing the massage several times to tell me while tables are bad and beds are better. Her massage technique is good, but lost on a soft mattress. She also kept stopping to change music, drink wine and talk to me.


She did go way over time and in fact I had to insist on stopping as I needed to be places. If it hadn't started so late I would have stayed though.


She told me that if I booked the final session with her we could hang out, have dinner, play pool (she has a table in her house) etc - and in general just not worry about the time at all.


I will never return, but a regular may get her to calm down a bit and really enjoy the service, perhaps even becoming friends.


