Thread Title: Tara - Mandurah - 0414 058 721
Floor: #1
Post Time: 9th May 2018, 11:06 AM
Poster ID: Time Traveller
Post Title: 
 Tara - Mandurah - 0414 058 721
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Tara

Establishment : Private House Massage

Date of Visit : 1st May 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://mandurah.locanto.com.au/ID_2...body-Tara.html

Hours of Business : I went at 3:00pm but seem to taking bookings at any time

Rates : Rates - 0.5hr $80 3/4 hour $110 1 hour $140 1 1/2 Hours $220

Age : 32 and in good shape. Face is a 6 but the body is a 8

Size/shape : Size 8 - 10 with great tits. DD 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai/Malay

Services Provided : They said nude massage with body to body

Value for money/recommend? : It was good but could have been better.

My experience/comments :
I was over in WA for work so thought I would try and get a massage while I was travelling. Came across this advert on Locanto and as I am a massive boob man, I thought I would give this a go. Booking made via text and confirmed the day before. Arrived at a decent house in Mandurah and entered through the garage into the house to find a clean room with shower and proper massage table.
Tara is quite pleasing on the eye, great body and a pretty enough face. She ushered me in and I took a quick shower before starting. When I got out of the shower she was already naked next to the massage table showing off a good body and a great set of tits. Quite fit and in decent shape, she is in good nick for 32.
There are mirrors set up around the table so you can get a good look at Tara as she works, she loves a wandering hand and has no issues with you touching her.
The massage was firm and of good quality, I would give this a 7 out of 10. She was good with the tackle tickle and I have no complaints at all. After about 40 minutes I was asked to flip and she started on the front. She was happy to straddle me and work on my chest whilst rubbing herself on me. Again she has no issues with touching at all. I was hoping for a little more teasing before getting down to business but instead she went straight at it, her technique was good and she had me over the line within a couple of minutes, playing with those amazing tits and her cunt certainly sped the process up. I just had a feeling more would have been on offer if I asked, however the only down side was she finished the front massage and head massage with 15 minutes to go. I didn't realise this till I was getting dressed again. So for a 90min massage I got 75 min worth.
Overall good service, at a good price. I would probably go back if I was in the area again. Definitely worth the time.


