Thread Title: Burswood Thai Massage - Burswood Perth - 0412 705 220
Floor: #1
Post Time: 15th May 2017, 01:15 PM
Poster ID: Time Traveller
Post Title: 
 Burswood Thai Massage - Burswood Perth - 0412 705 220
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Hom (Sounded like this)

Establishment : Burswood Thai Massage

Date of Visit : 4th May 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Super Busty Sensual Thai Massage By Mature Ladies - Perth body rubs - cracker.com.au

Hours of Business : I went at 3:30pm but seem to taking bookings at any time

Rates : $100 for an hour

Age : Says 40 but she would have been atleast 45 and looked horrid

Size/shape : Size 16 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : They said nude massage and offered pretty much anything you want

Value for money/recommend? : Hell no, stay as far away as possible/

My experience/comments :
Ok I had a terrible experience the day before elsewhere so I thought I would try this place, over the phone trying to make a booking I could barely understand the lady answering the phone and actually had to ask 3 times for the address and even then I had to ring back and ask her to spell it letter by letter.
Well I arrived at the complex with the Thai Massage place down the back of the building that you enter via a side gate.
I got inside and thought the lady taking my money and ushering me into the room was the mamsan but no, she was the lady (if I can call her that) who was to give me a massage.
The room was narrow, filled at one side with cluttered boxes and had a dodgy looking spa bath at the end. I was already cursing myself that I opted for an hour massage and parted with $100.
Anyway the massage table was against the wall to one side which meant the massage was always going to be shit, the room was not clean and the towels did not look like they had been replaced.
I hoped despite this that the "actual" massage girl would come in and she would be decent, but NO.....the troll that ushered me into the room asked me to get undressed and hop on the table. FML, I wanted to cry.
Anyway I hopped onto the table, face down and realised it wasn't even a real massage table, no head hole, it was like an examination couch with a pillow.
The massage was like being slapped with a lettuce leaf and was rubbish. It was like a penecostal healing with a light laying on of hands which she lightly rubbed up and down my legs and back.
Anyway after about only 20 minutes I was asked to turn over, and I kept my eyes shut for fear of losing any will to live that I had left, again the light rubbing of hands up and down my leg for all of about 2 minutes before she went straight for my cock, the HJ was so bad that I cannot put it into words, it was like she was trying to throttle a chicken. I willed my body to just finish but the bastard would not comply and after about 5 minutes I asked her to stop, she offered further "extras" at which point i almost vomited in my mouth.
Well I quickly sat up and started getting dressed at which point I noticed condom packets on the floor. After I hopped up to put my shoes on, I noticed her straightening the towels, NOT FUCKING REPLACING THEM!! Anyway I high tailed it out of there vowing to make sure everyone knows, NEVER COME HERE EVER!!!
Two shit punts in 2 days, well someone has to take one for the team to provide these reviews, so learn from my mistakes.


