Thread Title: Cherry Blossom Massage - Inglewood - 0451 678 944
Floor: #1
Post Time: 9th January 2017, 02:31 AM
Poster ID: simbad50
Post Title: 
 Cherry Blossom Massage - Inglewood - 0451 678 944
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Cindy

Establishment : Cherry Blossom Massage

Date of Visit : 16/12/2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 890 Beaufort Street, Inglewood, Perth - 0451 678 944

Hours of Business : 10am - late

Rates : 60 mins / $70 ($55 Special Morning rate)

Age :25-30 approx

Size/shape : Medium

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian

Services Provided : R&T

Value for money/recommend? : Absolutely awesome, would highly recommend this girl.

My experience/comments : 

Have been seen this girl on many occasion. I first went to Cherry Blossom, took pot luck and was not disappointed. It was Monday and I had saved up some cash $100 for the hour massage and the tug. I had no meetings in the morning so decided to call for a booking the same morning, luckily she was working and available :-)
I rocked up at 11.30 and was greeted with the usual warm reception and a hug. I was then led into one of the many rooms, with soft lighting and some relaxing music. Was asked again how long and I wanted and re-stated my intention to stay for the full 1 hour.
She left me to get undressed and I obliged willingly. Although there were towels for covering up, over time this modesty had been waived. No towel.
Cindy begins by applying the oil onto the general area she will start the massage. Back and arse and then legs and arse. Yup lots of arse massage.
The massage itself starts off as a medium pressure massage and her massage skills alone are very good, start to feel very relaxed very quickly.
Cindy can be chatty but only if you initiate the conversation, otherwise she just gets on with it. Reads the situation well in terms of your mood at the time. So after back and arse massage she starts to work on the legs and arse. The massage exploration starts with some near misses of the old fella. This continues for a while each repeat you try and re-position yourself to allow her more access. For the time being your efforts are not rewarded. Just when you think nothing will happen there begins some very deliberate brushing of the balls and the old fella.

She then holds the top of the old fella between finger and thumb and massages your sack with the other hand...exquisite.
On the flip I am pretty much good to go. More teasing starts with the chest and moves her hands down the chest and just misses touching the tackle. She then proceeds to with a lot of touching of the tackle and then moves away again. This is repeated until I am at her mercy!

The proceeding hand job is the best slowest hand job I've ever had. Stop start, stop start and then gets her mouth near the old fella suggestively and blows on during the hand job. Its all too much for me and the deed is done..wow!
Finished with nice head massage
Did Work Monday &amp; Thursday (But left the business just before x-mass) - Will update if she returns. Fingers crossed.

Simbad


