Thread Title: Chloe - City West Massage, Perth WA - (08) 9388 3636
Floor: #1
Post Time: 21st October 2015, 11:48 AM
Poster ID: surfingdog
Post Title: 
 Chloe - City West Massage, Perth WA - (08) 9388 3636
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Chloe

Establishment : City West Massage

Date of Visit : 01/10/15

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Perth's best escort agency, Hookers & Brothels - City West Massage - Perth Strippers

Hours of Business : 9:30am til late

Rates : $180 for 30 minutes

Age : 20

Size/shape : Slim, DDcup

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : 2 Girl pamper, massage, etc.

Value for money/recommend? : Had better

My experience/comments : 
 I picked Chloe as she was the most attractive out of the lot - very leggy blonde, with great tits. She unfortunately did not offer some of the services I was after, but I figured I'd give her a go anyway - which didn't turn out to be a very good move on my behalf as I left wanting more. Chloe was very good at providing her services however. She started off by very sensually kissing my neck and down my torso before she started my massage. She gave a very good back massage but her hands were a little bit weak on the shoulders behalf (this wasn't a real issue). I rolled over and then she got down to the real business. She worked my cock very well, and I was allowed some sneaky touches of her tits but downstairs was off limits - which was a bit of a bummer but the element of control made things a hotter knowing something I wanted so bad was within reach but I wasn't allowed to touch. None the less, she took control with a nice firm grip and paid the boys some long overdue attention too. Her style was firm and quick, but she did the occasional small twisting motion which she worked very well. She offered to give me a bit of butt play, but I declined as I'm not into that. It took me a little longer than usual to spray, but Chloe looked very pleased with herself once I did and made very kind compliments about my cock which was definitely a good confidence boost. I was meant to be in for a two girl pamper, but I chose to have a bit of extra time with Chloe for the same price because I omitted the other girl.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 24th October 2015, 07:30 AM
Poster ID: TheOtherDave
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
hmmm 180 for what ends up to be a 30min massage +HJ  with boob touching....if I read the post right... or did I miss something here ? WTH is going on in Perth... I thought Melbourne was becoming a bit of a rip off...


Floor: #3
Post Time: 24th October 2015, 10:22 AM
Poster ID: WOTAN01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Pricing is determined by supply/demand and what the market is willing to pay. Maybe all the mining/oil workers have impacted it which may change with the resources slowdown and increasing unemployment.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 24th October 2015, 02:46 PM
Poster ID: LUNGOR
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by WOTAN010


Pricing is  determined by supply/demand and what the market is willing to pay. Maybe all the mining/oil workers have impacted it which may change with the resources slowdown and increasing unemployment
"""



Read quite a few reviews recently on RnT in Melbourne and it seems that $100 tip for the nude HJ is quite common down there, that's double the deal in Sydney. Although I did give in to a Korean babe for the $100 extras when I was last punt in Melvourne , mind you , that's including some decent BBBJ elements too, so not a total rip off !

How lucky we are in Sydney !!


