Thread Title: Evergreen Massage - Inglewood - 0403 362 456
Floor: #1
Post Time: 3rd January 2017, 07:48 AM
Poster ID: simbad50
Post Title: 
 Evergreen Massage - Inglewood - 0403 362 456
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Peggy

Establishment : 850 Beaufort Street (Evergreen Massage)

Date of Visit : 19/12/2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 850 Beaufort Street, Inglewood, Perth, Ph 0403 362 456

Hours of Business : 10am till late

Rates : $70 an hour

Age : looked in their 30's to me

Size/shape : B cup, medium

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : RNT 

Value for money/recommend? : Hell yes!

My experience/comments :

I had heard many good reviews about Peggy but had held off booking as I  was a regular to an establishment nearby who has subsequently left the business :-( I therefre decided to make a booking with Peggy to find out what all the fuss was about. The booking was for a 45 min massage.

Can't exactly remember what she was wearing but she looked good. At the start of the massage she was asked if I had been here before, which I replied, yes. - starts out with a gentle soft massage ( I had asked for soft) and then some fine light strokes from the go on my arse and between my legs, not actually touching my cock but very close.

As the massage continues incidental brushing of my cock becomes a repeated exercise these strokes come at regular  intervals and now find myself and the mercy of some exceptional teasing. I am contorting my body now to allow her as much access as possible to my nether region. This continues for the next 30 minutes and then I am ready for the main event.

She then asks me to flip over, which I willing oblige. I am then asked what I would like the options are a tug, a topless tug or a naked body slid. Damn my budget, just about had enough for the topless tug, but really wanted the naked body slide. She had me just where she wanted! She then proceeds t remove her top allowing me free access to her nice;y proportioned breasts. She then proceeds with the a nice slow hand job giving attention to my balls and amazing cork screw twist action on my cock. This starts very slowly and gradually builds up until the final explosion, wow! She is such a master of the tease and amazing finisher.

Must also  mention that she is very polite and makes you feel very comfortable from the get go. Would I go back again? Hell yes.

Highly recommended.


