Thread Title: Paradise Massage - Wanneroo - 08 XXXX XXXX
Floor: #1
Post Time: 4th March 2014, 11:47 PM
Poster ID: Calais V8
Post Title: 
 Paradise Massage - Wanneroo - 08 XXXX XXXX
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Christine

Establishment : Paradise Massage Wanneroo

Date of Visit : 16th Feb 2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Located behind Wanneroo Markets

Hours of Business : 10 -10 I believe

Rates : $40 half Hour + $50 Nude HJ

Age : late 20's early 30's

Size/shape : Short very tight body, looks great with her clothes on the floor 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian

Services Provided : Massage, RNT HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Recommend  Probably one of the better & Surprisingly cheaper nude HJ's too.

My experience/comments : 

I had some stiff joints from a long week an was feeling like it was massage time.

I wanted to try some place new and Paradise Massage has only been open for a few months, not many reviews if any here, so decided to scope it out. I knew roughly where this place was but had no details or any idea if it was any good.

I rocked up just after 9pm, and headed inside. Empty waiting room except for a young girl behind the counter who asked if I was after a massage and for how long. To my surprise she lead took payment and then lead the way to room where she said she would massage me. The rooms where good full height private rooms with proper doors which i like, hate listening word for word to someone in the next room. Christine returned and began a proper massage with good pressure, she definatley knew massage and was working me over quite well.

As we went on she fished for clues of if I knew what was on offer later, but it wasn't until towards the end of the massage when she stared on my legs that she began to brush the tackle. Once massage was done she asked me to flip and then worked over my chest and legs some more, then asked would you like some extras?

I asked what was on offer she said HJ $30 topless or $50 naked and offered blow job too but didn't mention the price. I opted for the nude as it was alot cheaper than most places and she looked to be hiding a tight body under her dress.

She stripped and began rubbing her boobs against me before teasing my cock and rubbing it between her tits, something I wasn't expecting. She was far more open to using her body than most rnt's I have visited before.
Sadly this time I was not my usual self and finished after a few mins, funnily on her tits, but she didn't seem to mind.

She cleaned us both up and gave a neck and shoulder massage before we finished up.

I quite enjoyed this last minute visit here, and was more so surprised by the extras provided especially for just $50. I think I may visit here again, but not during the day. This place gets quite busy and would be a little too open for me.
Cheers
Calais V8


