Thread Title: Red Apple Massage Bedford - 0490 217 748
Floor: #1
Post Time: 28th February 2018, 06:10 PM
Poster ID: Vooie
Post Title: 
 Red Apple Massage Bedford - 0490 217 748
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lily

Establishment : Red Apple Massage

Date of Visit : February  2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0490217748

Hours of Business : 10am - 9pm

Rates : $70/hr + 50

Age : 20 - 25

Size/shape : 160cm / slim

Nationality or Ethnicity :  Asian

Services Provided :  Massage + HJ (Extra)

Value for money/recommend? :  Yes

My experience/comments : Hi, my first review so hope this gives a good idea of what happened.

On monday around 5 as I got off from work I sent a message to them asking if a massage / ladies were available at 6, I got a pretty prompt answer saying it was all good. Parking at the rear isn't too bad and its private as well from the main road.

As i went through the back door i was greeted by an older lady (the manager?) and saw 2 girls sitting on the couch. The older lady led me to a room and proceeds to tell me to strip and lay down, which I never got a choice of who to choose!

After a minute or so someome comes in and proceeds to start the massage asking how soft / hard I wanted it. I opted for soft as I can't stand pain .

Massage was quite nice (as nice as a softer one can be) and after about 30 mins I was told to flip, this is where the fun begins haha.
I was given some options which were tue standard hj, topless hj, nude hj and nude protected oral. I just went with topless hj this time.

The girl I had was approx. 160cm high, slim build with nice cone shaped breasts, looked big on her frame which looked between a C and a D cup. Nice and cute face, english was pretty good and she liked to giggle.

Anyways she started off with a slow motion and started to tease my nipples with her fingers which eventually changed to her tongue, after a few minutes she started to rub her breasts all over me. She kept alternating for a good 10 minutes untill I popped.

She proceeded to clean me up with some wet towels and then gave me a head massage (top head!) until the time was up.

Overall a pleasant experience which I would most likely come again!


