Thread Title: A Review of Canberra Therapeutic Massage Parlours
Floor: #1
Post Time: 17th October 2019, 01:42 PM
Poster ID: David Banks
Post Title: 
 A Review of Canberra Therapeutic Massage Parlours
				
Post Content: 
Been punting in Canberra for over a decade. Rather than review the last 5 or 6 massages since my last review. Thought I should give a guide to the Therapeutic Massage Parlours that I frequent.

I do not go to the places in Fyshwick or Mitchell.where there are lots of legal brothels and sex shops..nor do I normally chase full service, although I have scored this many timesoften as a complete surprise. 

Finally, I do not generally go to Private Therapeutic Massage Providers: although I have seen Susie/Dani of MacGregor, Cat of Franklin' and even the legendary Mata in the City in times gone by. 

Nearly all of the shops in Canberra are staffed and run by Chinese. The prices are about the same as Sydney. The better places in Sydney would be better than the best in Canberra.

So here is my list:

CENTRAL CANBERRA
Northbourne Beauty and Massage (Braddon)*:  currently my favourite; all Thai girls; Mamasan (Nicky) is always very helpful and does a great therapeutic massage (no HE); Annie is fabulous and very pretty; Amy is quite good too, but not as imaginative as Annie.

Traditional Chinese Massage (City Walk in the City)*: this place is uniformly very good.run by (naughty) Susan who is very much into customer happiness. She usually has lots of girls and a fair bit of turnover.this place is a low risk punt.

Oasis Massage (Garema Place in the City)*: Mamasan, Lily, is a very good business woman and knows what the punters want..there are a loyal crew of masseuses who have been around for a long time.and there is a bit of turnover..I have been here maybe 20 time and rarely been disappointed.

New Body Massage, (1st floor, 41 Northbourne Ave, City): very private and good rooms. Mostly more mature masseuses if that is your thing.

Ada Chinese Massage (70 Northbourne Ave, City, adjacent to MacDonald's): This place used to be called Kenny Massage..now seems to have a MILF and a more solid younger one..I have tried both and they are greata bit like Alice's Restaurant 

Dickson Chinese Massage: Worth a try if the location is convenient.I have taken a punt several times..mostly ended as a happy experience.

WODEN VALLEY/PHILLIP/MAWSON
Dong Fang Massage (Issacs): A bit off the beaten track for me.and a bit of a mixture of older girls and younger ones (best keep an eye on the reviews and book in advance).I have had several very good experiences here.only problem is a fairly public entrance and a chance of meeting other punters in the foyer.

Oasis Phillip*: .I recently went to Oasis and it had a really good MILF and a very pretty youngish girl.would probably put them at the top.this is a branch office of Oasis in the City.

Chinese Point Phillip (Suite 8/36 Corinna St, Woden): Mamasan (Katie) has been at it here for a long time and often has a new much younger helper. Katie is very good but does not disrobe.worth a try if you are nearby.

OK Massage Phillip: Mamasan Linda has good reviews if you like the older ones..she sometimes has a younger assistant who is sometimes really great (better options within a short walk, in my opinion)

Yuen Yuen Phillip: This is a fairly new place that is a branch office of Dong Fang I think.early reviews are promising.

Mawson Chinese Massage: a small shop within the Southlands Shopping Centre.very good reviews on Mamasan Apple who is 40ish..she sometimes has a younger assistant.

Relax Treatment Massage, 2/30 Mawson Place: this is also a fairly new branch office of Dong Fang with a reasonably regular turnover.worth a try if you are in the vicinity

BELCONNEN
Back and Foot Massage (1/55Lathlain St): No great shakes but OK if you are in the area..nice clean shop....and I have had good experiences many times in the past.

CONCLUSION

As you can see, Canberra has lots and lots of HE massage shops.almost all are Chinese.almost impossible to go wrong.especially if you walk when you are not happy with what is on offer. I have put an asterisk alongside my favourites, but YVMV..Good luck..DB


