Floor: #1
Post Time: 6th February 2019, 11:17 PM
Poster ID: ABC_Bonker
Post Title: 
 Mawson Therapeutic Thai Massage - U2A/ 1  Mawson Pl, Mawson - 0449 844 824 / 02 6290 6921
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Mo (pronounced Moo)

Establishment : Mawson Therapeutic Thai Massage

Date of Visit : Feb 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Unit 2A / 1 Mawson Place 2607  - 0449 844 824 / 02 6290 6921
Website : https://mawsontherapeutic.com/

Hours of Business : Mon – Wed / 10:00 – 21:30 | Thur – Sun / 10:00 – 22:00

Rates : Various Massage Types (see website) $49 / 30 mins |$69 / 60 mins | $99 / 90 mins

Age : Mid to late 20’s

Size/shape : Petite, 150cm, 48kg, Fair skin

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Massage only

Value for money/recommend? : Yes – for massage only

My experience/comments :

Was in the area for some business and decided to TOFTT at this shop within the Mawson Shopping complex, close to the Newsagency. Met Noi, the Mamasan at the front desk, she has quite good English and after checking their extensive menu of different massage styles available, I chose the relaxing massage for an hour with Coconut oil. Was led in the massage room section which consisted of 4 massage rooms, walls ¾ of the way to the main ceiling, no ceiling of their own and a sliding door.  One of the massage rooms is used as the ML’s dining / rest area. No shower or toilet in the shop although the Mawson Shops do have Public Toilets. Told by Noi, the massage lady will be with me shortly and to take everything off but leave undies on.  Oh oh! After 5 mins of lying on the table with the towel draped over me, I could hear a couple of the girls talking and a massage going on in the next room, Noi appears briefly to re-arrange the towel over me and seemed to check I had my undies on and then left again. 

After a few more minutes, I was thinking of calling it quits as I hadn’t paid any money at this point, I heard the door sliding back and Mo came in.  Quite a bubbly girl, fair skin and did not have the traditional Thai looks.  Even she said people often mistake her for being Vietnamese.  After confirming with me on what pressure I wanted her to massage me with, she commenced an excellent and extensive massage on the back and front of me. When massaging the upper thigh and buttock areas, she would give me half a wedgie and also tucked that part of the towel within the elastic of the underwear.  She did not go anywhere near the groin creases whilst doing the back or front, so no TT whatsoever.  She finished off the massage with an excellent head massage! Checking my watch afterwards, I was not shorted for time 

Was offered a choice of either green tea or water and a refreshing face towel before I paid and left.  As they are a registered provider with the various Health Funds, you can also make a claim if you have an extensive extras option – which makes the massage quite good value, pity no happy ending though (maybe worth trying near closing time?).  

At one stage, the room across from me and the one next to me had female clients getting a massage and there is not much privacy as I could hear all the conversation going on around me. 

I would return if in the area and after a strictly remedial massage by a young Thai ML although it would be more tempting to drop into Mawson Chinese Massage which is in the same shopping complex or the Dong Fang Massage which is just over the road for a massage with some extras!


