Floor: #1
Post Time: 30th September 2019, 02:36 PM
Poster ID: ABC_Bonker
Post Title: 
 Yuan Yuan Massage - 1/60 Dundas Court, Phillip, ACT - 0431 651 689 / 02 6156 8689
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lucy

Establishment : Yuan Yuan Massage

Date of Visit : August 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Unit 1 / 60 Dundas Court, Phillip, ACT
Ph: 0431 651 689 / 02 6156 8689

Hours of Business: Mon - Sun 09:00 - 23:00.

Rates: FB Relaxing Oil Massage Opening special $70 for an hour. 

Age : 40’s.

Size/shape : Size 6, 160cm 33B, slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : PRC.

Services Provided : Massage, RnT, NHJ - YMMV 

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

Yet another massage shop in Phillip, this time appears to be part of the conglomerate of shops that share staff from DFM and RTM.  Casey from DFM seems to be the Mamasan of this shop and Lucy from DFM was working today alongside a slightly plump tanned lady and I decided to go with Lucy again.



A quick look around the shop, it has 4 smallish rooms, sparsely furnished and there is a toilet at the end. I can’t comment on the sound proofing as I was the only client at the time.  The business is towards the entry of Dundas Court, so you would have to do the drive of shame once you leave the premises as you are pretty exposed to the businesses in this courtyard. The plumbing business a few shops down seems to always have plumbers having a chat outside and they stare over at you as you come and go (no pun intended ).  Probably a better time to visit (for thin skinned people like me) would be outside business hours but I wanted to TOFTT. 



Well, the massage by Lucy was excellent as usual. She delivered a great therapeutic massage at medium strength ( as asked me)  but with no TT at all.  Any brief touches of the ball sack were purely accidental. Lucy has a pretty face and has a cute way of resting her cheek against mine whenever I asked a question.  Unfortunately, her English is not very good though, so most of the massage was in silence.



On the flip, I went for the NHJ again (as experienced at DFM) and Lucy stripped off to reveal a petite body with a few rolls of loose skin around her tummy and slightly saggy breasts but overall not a bad figure for her age.  She has a small pussy but large pussy lips   Lucy oiled up little ABC and gave a very skilled HJ to get me over the line.  She didn’t mind some gentle fondling / sucking of her breasts  and some light pussy play.



Cleaned up with warm towels, gave Lucy $50 for the extras and scuttled out as discreetly and quickly as I could.



This place has potential and the girls from the previously mentioned places seem to rotate through but it is pretty quiet at the moment having just opened.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 30th September 2019, 02:43 PM
Poster ID: ABC_Bonker
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Here is their business card with the customary "after 5 visits get 30 mins free" 

Sent from my LYA-L09 using Tapatalk


Floor: #3
Post Time: 15th October 2019, 05:27 PM
Poster ID: callaway999
Post Title: 
 Yuan Yuan Massage - Phillip - 02  6156 8689
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Casey

Establishment : YuanYuan Massage Phillip

Date of Visit : October2019

ContactDetails/Address/Weblink : 1/60 Dundas Ct, Phillip ACT 2606 (02)6156 8689

Hours of Business:10-9pm

Rates :$ 1 hour+tips

Age : 30's

Size/shape : size 10

Nationality orEthnicity : Chinese

Services Provided:Massage, HJ

Value formoney/recommend? : Yes and No

Myexperience/comments:

Knowing there was a new shop in Phillip, I had theurge and decided to take the plunge. Yuan Yuan is conveniently located in a quitterpart of Phillip which is a nice change from Oasis as I wasn't looking over my shuolder when entering the shop.

Walkedin without an appointment, pretty much the standard set up with unattendedreception to them be bombarded with three middle aged Chinese ladies. Paid mydues and eventually Casey led me away to one of the private rooms. Stripped downand waited for her return.

Themassage was a little on the light side and annoyingly Casey left the room everytime a new punter entered the premises. She continued to go through the motionsuntil she surprisingly showed her expertise with the tackle play and reach throughto my cock. Normally the girls are fairly timid with this, treading carefullyand checking if that's what is wanted. Not with Casey, she got straight into itwhich was well received.

Timeto turn over, payment of the tip, clothes off and off she went. Obviously notnew to the game, she stroked slowly and knew where else to touchballs, assetc etc.

Didn'ttake long to get me over the line.

Allin all, a good session, particularly with the ending, but I prefer a decent firmmassage to properly relax me prior to the finale.

Happypunting.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 9th February 2020, 11:53 AM
Poster ID: antares01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Linda

Establishment : Yuan Yuan Massage

Date of Visit : January 2020

Address : Unit 1 / 60 Dundas Court, Phillip, ACT

Phone: 0431 651 689 / 02 6156 8689

Hours of Business: Mon - Sun 9am to midnight on their business card

Rates:  $75/hour plus tips.

Age : 30's.

Size/shape : Size 7, plump, C cup, shaved

Nationality or Ethnicity : PRC.

Services Provided : Massage, Nude RnT, CBJ

Value for money/recommend? : Maybe

I walked in without a booking. Linda appeared from out the back. We agreed on a 1 hour massage, sorted out the financials and Linda took me through to one of the rooms.  All the room doors were open so I guess I was the only customer.  "Take all off, back soon" and Linda leaves me to strip off and climb onto the table.  I do note they don't have full table covers here, only a flimsy tissue square for your middle and a tissue cover for the face pad   Otherwise shop seems clean and tidy.

Linda returns and off we go with a quite good therapeutic massage.  I made an effort to note the time where I could and the first 20 minutes was a comprehensive neck, back and arm massage with my lower half covered with a towel.  At this point Linda went out for a hot wet towel.  She took a while, finally returned and cleaned off my upper half.  Linda then moved the towel to cover my top half and started on my legs at close to the 25 min mark.  Again quite good massage on my bum and legs but absolutely no teasing or TT of any sort.  This lower half massage went for some time and when Linda went out for hot wet towel again, I noted we were now at the 45 min mark 

Anyway, Linda return, cleans my legs off and asks me turn over. At this point Lida offers a HJ for $50.  I suggest this is too much and we very quickly agree on Nude HJ for $50.  Linda strips off and displays a nice firm plump body.  No effort at front massage and as little Ant is fast asleep at this point, I ask re BJ and offer total $80 tip.  This offer is accepted in 3 nano seconds and Linda runs out into the shop starkers to get a "bag"   When Linda returns she has a "bag". This is a filmy long skinny bag specifically for BJ. Apparently on of the girls brought some to the shop to share.  I have not been able to find them on a google search.  Linda wakes up little Ant and slips the bag over him and starts a CBJ.  Bag is pretty good and it does feel like a BBBJ   Doesn't take me long to come which is fortunate as we were on the 60 min mark at this point.  Linda removes the bag, cleans me up with what is not a cold wet towel and leaves me to get dressed.  Once dressed, I find my way out to reception where Linda is waiting for me and out I go into the street.

Summary:
Clean tidy shopGood 2 hour street parkingDon't use full table coversTime wasting/stretching with little time for extrasNo teasing/TT/front massageBJ bag is interestingWIR? ..... perhaps


Floor: #5
Post Time: 11th February 2020, 07:20 AM
Poster ID: antares01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lucy

Establishment : Yuan Yuan Massage

Date of Visit : February 2020

Address : Unit 1 / 60 Dundas Court, Phillip, ACT

Phone: 0431 651 689 / 02 6156 8689

Hours of Business: Mon - Sun 9am to midnight on their business card

Rates: $75/hour plus tips.

Age : 40's.- guessing here

Size/shape : Size 7, plump, D cup

Nationality or Ethnicity : PRC.

Services Provided : Half nude RnT

Value for money/recommend? : No really

I decided I would give this place a 2nd visit. Walked in without a booking.  Lucy appeared from out the back. We agreed on a 1 hour massage, sorted out the financials and Lucy took me through to one of the rooms. Again, all the room doors were open so I guess I was the only customer. "Take all off, back soon" and Lucy leaves me to strip off and climb onto the table. Funny, identical script to previous visit.

Lucy returns, I try to have a chat but her English is very poor.  Lucy covers me with a towel and  gives me a kneading massage through the towel.  I decide to go without oil this time and tell Lucy this.  Her poor English requires a number of repetitions before she gets the message - no oil. After perhaps 5 min she whips the towel off and keeps going with a no oil massage.  She is actually quite good at this .

I ask about extras and Lucy claims she doesn't understand, after some clarification from me she giggles and shakes her head . Sigh!  At this point I am thinking she has a script and I will just let her run and see what we shall see .

After my experience last visit, I kept eye on the time and Lucy massaged my neck, back, arms and legs for 40 min, with no effort at any teasing or TT .  As there was no hot wet towel required on the flip we had about 15 min left.  No effort at front massage and Lucy now started her extras script starting with HJ for $50.  I suggested this was too high and we agreed on clothes off HJ for $50 (at least that is what I understood).  I ask about BJ and Lucy expresses total disgust at this suggestion .. Lucy leaves her clothes on and starts rough HJ.  I stop her and remind her about nude, she shrugs and hoiks her dress and bra up over her D cups and goes back to the rough HJ.  I had to stop her and give her some guidance on HJ techniques that suited me I then lay back and thought of England.

 Despite Lucy's lack of HJ expertise, we got over the line followed by a clean up with tissues and wet ones.  After I had given her the tip, Lucy left me without out a word while I got dressed.  I went out to reception and ........no one around  shop was like a morgue and let myself out, at about the 55 min mark.

WIR to this shop?  Based on the two recent visits, Nope.


