Thread Title: Zhang's Chinese Massage - 20 Allara St, Civic - 02 6262 5339
Floor: #1
Post Time: 1st April 2011, 05:23 PM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: 
 Zhang's Chinese Massage - 20 Allara St, Civic - 02 6262 5339
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Unknown (female chinese massuesse)

Establishment: Zhang's Chinese Massage 

Contact Details/Address: 20 Allara Street Canberra ACT 2601 - (02) 6262 5339/ http://maps.google.com.au/maps?rlz=1...ed=0CDsQnwIwBA

Hours of Business: 7 days a week (?)

Prices: $75/hour

Age: 20s - early 30s

Size/shape: Very slender (as slender was what's on offer)

Nationality or Ethnicity: Chinese

Services: Therapeutic massage only.

Value for money/recommend?: 1/10. Would not recommend.

My experience/comments:

The venue is a curtained shop front on a busy Canberra St (the southern boundary of the Canberra Centre shopping plaza).

The shop itself consists of a front desk, and curtained cubicals to the left of the desk.

The cubicals are separated only by cloth extending from about shin height almost to the ceiling.
There is neither visible nor audible isolation from the other cubicals.

The cubical contain what I believe is a standard massage table with an opening for the mouth and nostrils,
a chinese picture, a large wall clock, and a tissue cover for the table.

When I entered, there were two ladies at the desk, a middle aged lady taking the money and 
a much younger lady in her employment. While neither were hot, they were not unattractive.
Had this been a happy ending joint, both would have been acceptable.

The massuesse asked me to remove my clothes, except for underclothing, and place them in a plastic basket. She left me to do so for no less than 5 minutes, and asked was I ready. 
The basket and my shoes & bag went under the table. She may have even done this.

The massuesse was a slim, youngish lady, with a pig tail and a pink jacket worn over her street cloths.
Moreover, when I lay down she covered me with a large white towel to which she applied her hands.

No hint of either her flesh or willingness to touch mine.

For the next 45 minutes or so she dispensed depending on your point of view quite a lot of pain,
or a deep tissue massage complete with cracks from my back and a great deal of tactile stimulation.

It was neither gentle nor especially relaxing. When she dug her fingers between the muscles I had
to grip the table leg, an object probably more sympathetic and certainly just as willing as this
lady.

After the rack session, it was turn over time, and an opportunity for the legs to share the pain.
At no time did she touch the upper body (downstream of the neck) or the area below the abdomen.

I watched her staring at the clock while she worked on the lower limbs for the last 5 minutes, before
her third (maybe fourth) and last sentence: 'Finished'.

Indeeed it was.

She left and I gathered my clothes and since this is family oriented journal, did not f___ off, but said thank you
and left.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 4th August 2011, 01:31 PM
Poster ID: jd316
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks for the review. Have walked past Zhangs several times and have been tempted to go in. Your review has made me decide never to bother.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 10th August 2011, 06:42 AM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I was silly to try it (but I am silly) since it is so close to the CBD, ground floor walk in, door height windows, and a full view of the drapes around the cubicles from the foot path. Hope springs eternal, especially in this peculiar city.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 26th December 2011, 06:10 AM
Poster ID: ABC_Bonker
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Good review had a laugh too- I walk past every day and have been tempted to try to relieve work stresses although a happy ending would be nice to! B-)


Floor: #5
Post Time: 27th December 2011, 11:32 AM
Poster ID: philibuster
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
There is one thing good about this place. They have their little brochure/price list in a holder on the outside of the door and I recently found a great use for them. 

I was out Xmas shopping with the wife and slipped one in my pocket as we walked past. We finish the shopping and head home. She's a bit worn out and says she's going to have a nap. My back's been playing up so I say I'm heading out for a massage back in the city. She says OK and I head out to see a WL I've quickly arranged a meeting with. I get home, she says how was the massage? I say great and hand her the Zhang's brochure as proof of purchase. There's another place on City Walk that has brochures outside too.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 5th May 2012, 05:12 PM
Poster ID: ABC_Bonker
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
A good tip Philibuster


