Thread Title: 199 George St, Liverpool - No Contact Number Provided
Floor: #1
Post Time: 3rd September 2012, 11:13 AM
Poster ID: Jimmyboi84
Post Title: 
 199 George St, Liverpool - No Contact Number Provided
				
Post Content: 
Establishment and/or person's Name: Remedial Massage, 199 George Street Liverpool

Contact Details/Address: It's 199 George, but really it's more like on the corner of George and Moore. It's upstairs, on the left hand side.

Hours of Business: Not sure sorry.

Prices: $30 for 30, $50 for 60mins, extras + tips etc.

Age: 30's

Size/shape: Little chubby, full breasts, nice rea

Nationality or Ethnicity: Chinese

Services: Massage and HJ + nude for $30. No idea about FS. 



So  I've never been to this place, nor can I find any reference to it on the site. It seems fairly new. I walked in off the street by a passing fancy and just figured why not?  It looks the usual kind of setup. There's a locked door that leads into a dimly lit but clean and neat looking front desk section. The lady that came to greet me was very friendly and led me through to one of several small rooms, all clean looking but somewhat sparse. There's the massage table, a chair for your gear and a little table in the corner for various oils, music, tissues etc, but otherwise not much else.

Anyway I paid, stripped off and got comfy on the table. It was a fairly good massage, but the location of this place is not great. Because it's so close to the road you do hear a lot of traffic noise, and occasionally sirens from the police station around the corner. Likewise, if people call out or kids scream or something happens on the street, you are going to cop a bit of that. Nothing majorly bad, but certainty not the kind of dark and musical room that so nicely drags you away from the rest of the world for a few hours. On the bright side the entrance is located inside and upstairs, across from a lawyer - so it's very private and you won't have any qualms about entering at any time of the day or night. 

After about 45 minutes of a fairly good, moderate-to-hard massage the hot towel appears, a quick clean up and then onto the more 'sensual' stroking, teasing and tickle. The usual 'you want to turn over' followed shortly, along with a quick explanation of what extras were available. A simple HJ only set me back the usual $20 tip and it was pretty good. This girl was in no rush and took her time and all in all I'd rate the girl far better than her surroundings. She also offered nude or topless options for $30 and $40. There might be more on offer, but being the first time round I didn't go asking for it. 

So! If you're in Liverpool and looking for a lil RnT action this place is okay (say a 7 out of 10?), but generally speaking the place over on Bigge Street is better.


