Floor: #1
Post Time: 21st December 2012, 09:08 PM
Poster ID: jude99
Post Title: 
 2/71 Saywell Rd, Macquarie Fields - 02 9829 3830
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Mary

Establishment : 2/71 Saywell Rd, Macquarie Fields

Date of Visit : 15/12/12

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 98293830

Hours of Business : 10-7

Rates : 30/30 50/50 +20hj

Age : 40

Size/shape : normal, not skinny/fat

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : RNT

Value for money/recommend? : No 

My experience/comments : I am on a mission to try all the massage places in campbelltown area. Found this place in the paper and decided to give it a go. This place is located on a shop strip in Macquarie Fields... and to be honest it looks like a hole. This massage place is located between a thai restaurant and a doctors place, plenty of parking out front but it was rather daunting because the workers of the thai restaurants were keeping a close eye on me as i pulled in and got out of my car.

Anyway went inside the shop and it was empty called out multiple times no response... so decided to ring the bell still nothing, assumed it was busy and the ML were committed so i decided to go outside and make a call and see what happened. Someone actually did pick up and said they were busy and come back in 10mins. so decided to have a walk and see what else was around... 

anyway came back and a lady named Mary was there and ushered me into a room, unexpectedly the room was quite spacious and seemed really clean. Anyway Mary is around 40, she has quite a fit body someone her age but her face isn't that great its quite long and hasn't aged well. 

Anyway massage was quite good she is quite competent but what quite annoyed me was that she talks way too much about pretty much everything her life and all that. I myself like to relax and have minimal talking when massaging but she just yaps on and on. Had a towel on the whole time while i was laying on my stomach, there was no brushing of the balls or anything so it was not sensual at all was thinking to believe that nothing was going to happen even though this seems like a typical RNT joint. Was asked to turn around but this time she didn't decide to cover me up with a towel but continued to massage me on the arms/legs/chest etc where most places would just start giving me a hj. She asked looked at my cock and asked if wanted to cover up and i bluntly replied no to let her know i want more. 

After a while she asked if i wanted a hj which i agreed to. anyway she at this point was still talking this time about how all types of men come here for relief from like married men and that... to be honest i didn't care at all. also i during this i realised she had old wrinkly veiny hands which was a bit off putting... finally cross the line after a while due to her mechanical HJ. Cleaned up and give her a $20 tip and left through a back door which she led me to, not sure if you can enter through here though. on my way out i saw another ML lying on the lounge and she was quite pudgy and looked bored as hell. 

In summary, massage was good, lady talks way too much crap and hj was mechanical. will not return to see her and seeing the other ML on the way out i will definitely to this place at all.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 6th January 2014, 11:49 PM
Poster ID: emcan
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Vicky

Establishment : 2/71 Saywell Rd, Macquarie Fields

Date of Visit : 19 Dec 2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 98293830

Hours of Business : 10-7

Rates : $50 or $55 for 60 minutes (can't remember) plus $20 tips

Age : late 30's

Size/shape : skinny

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : RNT

Value for money/recommend? : Average

My experience/comments : Was working in the area and had 1 hour free, suddenly feel a pain on my back and decided to go for a punt, with the help of this forum I found this place.

The shop is located next to a Thai restaurant and it looks like one of those cheap and old massage joints in Thailand with the usual Asian massage posters all over the window. 

Since I had no time to find another shop I thought I would give it a go, was greeted by Vicky, she's friendly enough and ushered me into one of the rooms and asked how long i'd like and I choose the 60 minute option.

I asked to have strong massage which she obligated, the massage wasn't the best but wasn't bad either.

With about 20 minutes left she offered a HE for $20 which I accepted and surprisingly it was very good and she knows what she's doing.

She was wearing a short skirt and allowed me to wander around under it.

Not a bad experience and I may return if I'm in the area again.

Before the session finish she said next time I can have FS for $50.

PS There is a back entrance with plenty of parking behind the building and on my way out I saw another chinese milf who may be the boss, she looked quite sexy and I may try her next time.


