Thread Title: 25 Oxford Rd, Ingleburn - 0466 763 328
Floor: #1
Post Time: 17th April 2011, 04:42 PM
Poster ID: jude99
Post Title: 
 25 Oxford Rd, Ingleburn - 0466 763 328
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Cindy

Establishment : 25 Oxford Rd, Ingleburn, 2565

Date of Visit: April 2011

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: 0466 763 328 (from newspaper ad)

Hours of Business: not sure probably standard RNT 10-9

Rates: 30/30min 50/60min

Age: 30+

Size/shape: slimish, bit of  a stomach due to having kids

Nationality or Ethnicity: chinese

Services Provided: HJ

Value for money/recommend?: no

My experience/comments: was in the area decided i needed to go for a massage, saw this place next to a takeaway shop on one of the main roads near ingleburn station. up a flight of stairs not a very discrete location, with a stand up sign saying MASSAGE at the entrance.

came during the day probably 1pm, very dark, was met with a milfish chinese lady named lady, asked for rates and then took the 1hour option, was led to a room and she asked if i want hj too, cost $20. anyway massage was shit neither therapeutic or erotic, should have gone with the 30min option. when it was time to turn over hj she was disinterested tried touching her, and she flinches sign of saying no...

no i would not go back.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 28th April 2013, 12:18 PM
Poster ID: rusiru21
Post Title: 
 25, Oxford Street, Ingleburn
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Monica

Establishment : 25 Oxford st, Ingleburn
Date of Visit : 15/04/2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0466763328

Hours of Business : 10am till 6pm

Rates : $30 half/ hr +extra

Age : looked 28 to me but I guess could be to 30+ but not sure!

Size/shape : B cup, slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese 

Services Provided : BBBJ, DATY

Value for money/recommend? : Fuck yes!

My experience/comments :

Been there twice and both with different ladies all are asians....last time i went there i had a girl called monica looks 3o's but seems pritty good..About the establishment it's in upstiars of a burger shop not very discreet but on sundays all the shops are closed in the road...

back to the business..monica was very keen and seems she knew what she was doing did a good massage for 15mins and for 20 extra she went nude and did some amazing teasing and jewel rubbing...got the chance for suck those amazing nipples and for 20$ extra she gave a nice bbbj which i couldn't hold my stuff longer and got the chance to do some daty on that tight pussy. she offered F/S for 50 extra but refused because it was almost time up and came already twice...Next will go for a F/S..Guys if u r going there before go the massage ask about the extras from the gal u choose...Because some gals doesn't offer extras..


Floor: #3
Post Time: 29th April 2013, 12:41 AM
Poster ID: chickenthief
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
i got FS from the boss here.

First time I came here, I asked the boss flat out if she would do FS with me. Answer was a flat no because other girls were tehre in front of us.
but 2nd time when she massaged me and asked her in the room privately.....money talks and i got a chance to bonk her. 
Highly recommended!


Floor: #4
Post Time: 6th May 2013, 10:32 PM
Poster ID: jude99
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
one of the first rnt places i've tried out, decided to give it a visit rang the number and asked about the prices and the girls working got prompt answers and was swiftly hung up on... probably a sign not to try it out


Floor: #5
Post Time: 6th May 2013, 10:41 PM
Poster ID: mikeybee
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Just go in wave a couple of $50 notes in front of them........watching their eyes light up........ask who hung up on me....!!!
and walk out saying you are going to the next shop to spend that $$$..does it pay to be rude...???

mb


Floor: #6
Post Time: 7th May 2013, 09:09 AM
Poster ID: chickenthief
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
the next closest shop, I believe would be MayMay's massage next to ingleburn woolies. That shop offeres no FS and $5-$10 dearer.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 26th May 2013, 06:07 PM
Poster ID: bent_leg
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Ninee

Establishment : 25 Oxford Street, Ingleburn

Date of Visit : Sunday 26 May 2013

Contact Details/Weblink : not sure

Hours of Business : 10am till 6pm 7 days

Rates : $30 half/hr; $50 hour + tug $20

Age : about 30

Size/shape : B cup, slim, glasses, didn’t sight the snatch, excellent English

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese, probably Australian born 

Services Provided : Massage and HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Ok

My experience/comments :

Called in to try this place out. Upstairs from the main shopping street, large reception area, three rooms with proper walls and doors. Fresh tissue paper put down on massage table. Quite clean.

Ninee was quite pretty, was wearing a bulky high neck jumper, slacks and boots, so she wasn’t giving any scenery away. Asked for 30 minutes, on which area?, everywhere!, 30 minutes is not long enough for that! So I went for an hour.

Very thorough and competent massage of back, butt and legs, zero tackle tickle. Did I want front massaged, yes, then hot towel to back and turned over. Massage of shoulders and stomach then gave the universal sign, OK, $20. Touched breasts and asked if could see them. I don’t do that, some of the other girls do. You can feel on outside of clothes only. Had a quick feel through the thick jumper, which did not do much for me. Tried to slip my hand inside the jumper at the rear and she moved away, so I gave up. Carried out a competent HJ that got me across the line. 

Good value if you want massage and HJ only.     

Ninee works Sundays.

rusiru21 said in an earlier post -





			
				Guys if u r going there before go the massage ask about the extras from the gal u choose...Because some gals doesn't offer extras..
			
		

Good advice!


Floor: #8
Post Time: 26th May 2013, 10:08 PM
Poster ID: jude99
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Interesting bent_leg, if she is indeed Australian born Chinese then I will definitely try her out... only time i've had an asian masseuse that was born in Australia was at a legit shop while she didn't do anything extra she did though provide some great conversation. So I might try Ninee this Sunday and see how it goes.


Floor: #9
Post Time: 27th May 2013, 07:50 AM
Poster ID: bent_leg
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
if she is indeed Australian born Chinese
			
		

I didnt see the birth cerificate but she has a good command of the language. If you like that type you might also like Emma at Ding Therapy Castle Hill, very young though.


Floor: #10
Post Time: 10th June 2013, 12:16 AM
Poster ID: jude99
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Nona

Establishment : 25 Oxford Street, Ingleburn

Date of Visit : Sunday 9 June 2013

Contact Details/Weblink : 0466 763 328

Hours of Business : 10-6?

Rates : $50/60mins $20 hj

Age : ~30 can't really tell

Size/shape : B cup, slim, glasses, didn’t sight the snatch, excellent English

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese, probably Australian born 

Services Provided : Massage and HJ

Value for money/recommend? : not really

My experience/comments :

Decided to give this place a tried having been one of the first RNT places i tried a couple years ago but it being a less than impressive experience i never went back until now... so the reason i decided to go was that i was drawn by the review of "ninee" who was potentially an australian born chinese. Went to natasha day spa in casula a couple of months ago i met an australian born cambodian, it was a lovely experience as her perfect english meant that we could have a excellent conversation especially revolving  around the lifestyle and culture here. at the one session i had i was asked if wanted anything extra or jsut massage but having not enough money i decided to knock it back and unfortunately for me i recently learnt she had quit... so i never had taken opportunity to get something from her.Anyway back on topic i came here expecting the same experience of having a decent conversation with someone, however i found out this was not the case...

It all started with a phone call, to be honest the person on the phone is quite rude she is very abrupt and feels like she just wants to hang up the phone, with quotes like "you come" when i asked specific questions like who's working... and when i said i wanted to see Ninee there wasn't a person there by that name... but rahter someone named Nona working there so i said i'll book her and person on the phone just asked what time i was coming and hang up. I was having second thoughts about going but i ended up going anyway, the street was quiet as everything around was closed. went up the flight of stair and went inside the shop were i was greeted by Nona, I can safely assume this is Ninee from the previous review based on a few things 1) she wears glasses 2) she wears the same type of clothing e.g. big sweater that doesn't reveal anything 3) one thing that came straight to me was she is certainly not Australian born, she has too much of a Chinese accent which can be hard to understand at times and she tends to use very basic words, I would say she's been here for a few years but no means someone that grew up here since a child let alone was born here.

So Nona is around 30 but she has one of those faces/body that makes her look older i can't really explain it but she has like that frail old lady look about her. She is not ugly would say average at most. As mention she wears heavy clothing so you can't really tell what her body looks like but if she offered to take it off i'm not sure if i would take up that offer.

Massage started and was asked where i would like her to concentrate on which i told her my legs, but a few minutes in she realised that i have very tense shoulders and told me that she will concentrate on them so for the majority of the session she did that.  Nona definately has have massage training and she seems to know what she is doing but her bony fingers and overall massage style made it quite unpleasant. she kneads that muscle or jabs it with her thumb which causes quite some pain and on a few occasions i told her to soften up (i told her at the start that i wanted i medium massage) anyway she could easily identify my tense spots  and gave good explanations on why this was so, which i found quite impressive. However as i had been on a big cycling trip the previous day i really needed my legs down but a majority of the session was on my back/shoulders and by the time she got to my legs it was quite underwhelming as i prefer a more stroking massage style as opposed to her kneading one. 

Turned over and did a bit of massage on my chest and legs and asked if i wanted a hj for $20 which i agreed, hj was really poor very mechanical just one motion throughout the whole time which was quite a while at one stage i was quite bored. the hj did not vary in technique or speed at anytime when nona realised it was taking  along time she "tried" to change it up a bit and touched my chest for like a second then went back to her boring uninspired hj. during the massage another girl was talking to nona through the door and opened in and they casually talked to each other while nona was jacking me off this happened for about a minute and it was unusual as it seemed so casual but quite hot in a sense too.. even though the other girl was a bit older and less attractive.

finally got over the line and got "cleaned" up poorly as there was tissue stuck to my cock and so cum there too which usually happen at other places... did not get a hot towel to clean my front and had to ask for tissues to wipe down myself. I was quite awkward after this when i went grocery shopping and had the uneasy feeling of oil between my legs. 

in Summary, i will not be going back. Nonna wasn't the experience i was expecting. Her massage while she seems to have training and know what she is doing the way she does it was quite unpleasant and at times painful. She doesn't manage her time properly and concentrated too much on other areas when i specifically told her my legs when she asked. Hj is very poor and possibly one of the worst i've had in recent times. 

From my exploration of massage shops in the southwest from campbelltown to liverpool to lidcombe and everywhere between i have been pretty much been disappointed by most of the experiences. in my opinion the best place would be dumareq st in campbelltown however everysince they had moved from their previous location in leumeah i haven't been there recently as its more inconvenient to get to.  But I will still look for new places and report back my travels


Floor: #11
Post Time: 29th June 2013, 01:48 PM
Poster ID: stat
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jenny

Establishment : 25 Oxford st, Ingleburn
Date of Visit : 15/06/2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0466763328

Hours of Business : 10am till 6pm

Rates : $30 half/ hr +extra...(FS $50)

Age : 30ish

Size/shape : B cup, slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese 

Services Provided : Massage...nude B2B, followed by BBBJ then FS

Value for money/recommend? : Oh Yeah!

My experience/comments :

I've been haunting this place once a week for a couple of months.  Generally see Jenny but have seen 2 other girls and the deal has been the same every time.  I think once they know you it's green lights all the way....

My last visit I wandered up and was greeted by the Mamasan and Jenny.  Jenny took my hand and led me to her room - moment we got inside she oushed close against me, rubbing my groin with her hand while lightly pecking me on the lips.  She was wearing a figure hugging red outift - delicious.  Suffice to say we fumbled out of our gear and I sat on the massage table whilst she went to town on my pecker.  I stopped her short, she slid on the pastic and then straddled me on the massage table....now either Jenny has professional acting training or she delights in being pummelled as the noise she makes is such a fucking turn on that I rarely need more then 5 mins to blow my load!

Jenny always finished me off with a relaxing massage, I love my trips to SW Sydney and all thanks to Jenny!


Floor: #12
Post Time: 30th June 2013, 08:44 PM
Poster ID: wmh29
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Tina (Masman)

 Establishment : 25 Oxford st, Ingleburn

Date of Visit : 15 April 2013

 Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0466763328

 Hours of Business : 10am till 6pm

 Rates : $30 half/ hr +extra $30

 Age : 40ish

 Size/shape : c cup, shapely  

 Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese 

 Services Provided : Massage...nude HJ followed by BBBJ

 Value for money/recommend? : Yes

Been a couple of times and left disappointed with different girls. Have been hoping to get Tina the manager.

Came in this day there is Tina in a short tight shiny skirt. I ask for a massage and she directs me to one of the girls.

I say I want her and she agrees. The massage was ok 6/10 but lots flirting and tackle tickle. On turnover she asks if I want extras I say yes and ask for her to be nude.

Negotiations over she strips and naked looks just as goods small pod on the tummy but very cute. Lets touching and sucking of the nipples. Gives me a titty fuck as well as a blow job.

FS would be on if I had a condom. Big lips on her fanny that gets nice and we,t overall a very good experience.


Floor: #13
Post Time: 11th July 2013, 07:56 PM
Poster ID: Jack Kerouac
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Chinese Massage
25 Oxford Rd Ingleburn 
Phone: 0466763328

Hi Gang,

This is a review of Ella.

I was going to begin this review with a line that said something like “Tonight it is as cold as buggery”. I thought about this and wondered why I would write that or why the expression was ever even used. I mean is buggery cold?

I looked up buggery in the dictionary and discovered it meant:

buggery [ˈbʌgərɪ]
n
anal intercourse between a man and another man, a woman, or an animal Compare sodomy

Now I am not an expert on buggery, but I have committed it a few times with Vicky, Apple and YuYu at 12 Bellevue. It was a pretty sultry experience with beads of sweat pouring down my face like hot water from a tap.. I did not experience frostbite or have the need to put on a coat. As for the man and animal bit, I leave that to others.

I suspect former PM Bob Hawke knows more about buggery than I do. Years ago when a pensioner was dumping heaps of shit on him he responded with ‘Shut up you silly old bugger!” Presumably, given that statement, one would prefer to be a un-silly young bugger. Let me be clear. I am not an expert of buggery even though I have buggered as a ‘buggerer’ and never plan to be a ‘buggeree’

Anyway I thought the whole thing over and am not opening with that ‘cold as buggery’ comment.

Where was I? Oh yes, writing a review of Ella.

I was riding around aimlessly, as usual, with my nephew Diddy. He had seen some girl in an rnt place last year named Queenie and the itch that needed to be scratched caught up with him. She worked in a Chinese massage joint in Ingleburn and so Ingleburn it was.

I decided to go to another Chinese rnt across the road. I think I had drunk about 10 litres of coffee that morning and folks I had to piss like you wouldn’t believe. I was literally doing the boogaloo to avoid wetting in my strides. 

Anyway I entered the joint, and a buzzer went off at the bottom of the stairs and another when I reached the top. A cute massage lady greeted me at the top and remarked “You moved up those stairs fast”” I asked her where the Men’s’ Room was and she informed me it was busted BUT agreed to stand outside and keep any women out while I went in. I think as soon as I went in she went back to the parlour as when I finished I bumped into a women coming in. At that moment the following exchanged occurred:

Woman; What are you doing in there?

A number of thoughts went through my mind. I thought of saying:

‘I am the council inspector checking the pipes.”
“I am a Jehovah’s Witness wanting to invite everyone who  pisses to church.”
“ I am a transman who is a biological woman.”
“ I am collecting for the Red Cross.”

You’ll notice the truth was not in any of them. I should have simply said ‘The male john is busted and I came in here to piss”. Instead, being nonplussed, I relied:

Jack; I don’t know.
Woman: You don’t know?
Jack: No.
Woman: Should I call the coppers?
Jack: Bye.

I disappeared into the massage parlour where I was assigned Ella. Ella is the lady who abandoned me outside the ladies room.

Ella had a nice face, looked late 20’s, b-cups with reasonable English. She has extras written all over her and yes she offered extras. I asked for a medium massage and that’s what I got and she was not bad at it. Her English was pretty good and like I said, I thought she was pretty.

I asked her what days she worked there (saw her on a Firday0  and she went through this huge, complicated number of places where she operates from. I would have needed a foolscap notepad with 110 pages  to have worked it out. For all I know every fifth Thursday she’s pulling dicks in Oxnard, California.

She’s a nice lady and I did enjoy myself. On the way out I saw what looked like the mamasan named Tina and I plan to return and sample her wares at some stage as she told me she massages too.

Poor Diddy didn’t see Queenie as she was on holidays. Instead he got a cranky milf. Oh well, better luck next time Diddy.

Well, I will close for now. When summer comes I’ll open a review with ‘It was as hot a buggery” as I think that’s closer to the truth.

See you again soon friends.

Until that time . . .until that time.

Jack


Floor: #14
Post Time: 8th November 2013, 11:45 AM
Poster ID: Toomuchtime
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Casey

Establishment : 25 Oxford Street Ingleburn

Date of Visit : 7/11/2013

Rates : $30 half hour plus extras

Age : Mid-late 40s

Size/shape : Average with very nice big tits

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese?

Services Provided : Nude massage and tug

Value for money/recommend? : Reasonable but I wouldn't go back

My experience/comments :

Was in the area so I decided to try this place after seeing the reviews on here.Approaching the shop I was almost put off by the many customers of the cafe next door who were seated on the footpath right up against the doorway of this shop.If you want discreet,forget this place when the weather is fine because you will be doing a walk of shame in front of a lot of people.
Undeterred,I went upstairs and was greeted by a mature asian lady in a summer dress that showed off a very nice pair of boobs.Once in the room I was quoted $30 for half an hour and then a further $20 when I asked about a happy ending.She then asked if I wanted her to be nude and after starting out at $30 she then dropped her price to $10,making it $60 all up which I was pretty happy with.I gave her $70 and waited for her to return.
After what seemed about 5 minutes (too long) she returned and started on my back while still remaining clothed and after only a few minutes of fluff she started the tickle so I turned over and she got undressed.As soon as I saw them I went straight for her tits as they were quite large.Unfortunately they were off limits as she explained that she had some problem with them when she was pregnant that required surgery and she didn't like them being touched or sucked.Strike 1.
Ok I thought,if I can't suck yours you can suck mine instead.After trying this she said she couldn't continue as my nipples were too small!That's one I haven't heard before.Strike 2.
Sensing I was heading for a dud punt I tried to recover and asked her to lie down for me to eat her pussy.She agreed and after about 3 seconds down there she said to stop as my one day old stubble was giving her a rash.Strike 3.
By this stage I knew I had lost so I let her oil me up and start the tug,which was pretty average.About halfway through the session she told me to hurry up and come as the time was nearly up to which I replied that I was well aware of what time we started the session and that there was nearly 15 minutes remaining.
Eventually I blew and she then went out of the room to get a wet towel,which also took a lot longer than necessary.I asked her to fill in the remaining time with a head massage which she did and was quite good at but she still stopped early.As I was getting dressed I had to remind her to give me my $10 change,which she had put in her handbag.I think I got between 20-25 minutes of actual service and despite the obstacles the lady was very pleasant and friendly the whole time and it wasn't expensive but I definitely won't be rushing back there.
As I was leaving I noticed another upstairs massage shop directly across the road from this one.


Floor: #15
Post Time: 21st July 2014, 12:18 PM
Poster ID: sandsifter
Post Title: 
 25 Oxford Rd, Ingleburn NSW - 0466 763 328
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Coco

 Establishment :Remedial massage

 Date of Visit : 13/6/14

 Contact Details/Address/Weblink upstairs)25 Oxford rd,Ingleburn NSW 0466763328

 Hours of Business : 10am-7pm

 Rates : $55 an hour massage/$20 hj/$30 nude

 Age : mid to late 20

 Size/shape : firm/ slim

 Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

 Services Provided : Massage/hj/nude/cbj 

 Value for money/recommend? : Not on this occasion

 My experience/comments :
Made a point of ringing to book one hour massage for my first visit and  arrived on time where you have to go between two shops( one a cafe)to go  upstairs so no sneaking in here.On arriving at the top was greeted with  bells and whistles triggered by security beam as you step over the last  steps.Open reception area with various doors around the perimeter.I was  greeted by Coco who led me straight to a room,paid $55 for the hour  massage and was asked to undress.Room was clean, no washbasin or shower  facilities. Got myself face down and waited for her to start.It was at  this point she asked if I wanted extras but things got a little lost in  translation with pricing which meant I played it safe for a hj and nude  b2b.She stripped off and looked very nice on the eye,small bush firm  tight body,nice tits and large nipps.The massage started and I had  requested hard which she proceded to do.All was going well and the  massage was good for the first half hour then the problems began.She  started talking to another girl through the door in mandarin I guess at  which she left me got dressed and went out of the room to carry on the  conversation.I was face down for ten minutes and thinking of getting out  of the place when she came back in ,stripped ,put some oil on my back  and did a little b2b.Then it was flip over and a very quick rushed  hj,quick wipe down(no wet flannel just tissue)Asked me for extra $50  says sorry will give me special treatment next time and pushes me out of  room.I had only been in there for 45 mins and was all sticky from the  oil under my clothes.Look I'm not one of those that can show my  displeasure especially in one of these places and first impressions are  very important.I figure that if they keep doing this to punters then  they might not be around that long or maybe I just got a bad one on a  bad day.Not sure I'll go back as there are other better parlours in the  area


