Thread Title: Angels Touch - 402 Terminus St, Liverpool - 02 9600 8988
Floor: #1
Post Time: 29th March 2010, 06:37 PM
Poster ID: syco10
Post Title: 
 Angels Touch - 402 Terminus St, Liverpool - 02 9600 8988
				
Post Content: 
Angels touch at 402 terminus street liverpool $60 half hour massage you can get extras just ask ladies for what they do and discuss price, there is a mixture of ladies asian european of all ages

Have been here and seen Monica she is thai with a nice rack would be in her 30's very enthusiastic and gives a good massage


Floor: #2
Post Time: 28th May 2011, 02:28 PM
Poster ID: wanderlust
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
After a failure at 12 Scott st where I was led to a room and left waiting for 10 Min's only for the mamasan to return and to be told all the girls are busy   I carried on up the road to here, a line up of 4 with 2 yeps, 1 maybe and 1 no thanks I chose Niki, 30ish probably enhanced to d-cups, a little cushion for the pushin' Thai/Burmese mix who I got "that vibe" off so $100 for the half hour and we were away.
Shower in the spa,  a bit of a fondle as she slowly unwrapped herself carried onto the massage table (no beds here) with a good body slide, a little prostate massage and near BBBJ but more like a lot of nibbles and groinal area oral attention. 
Soon after I was in the bag and a vigorous NON LUBED cowgirl session ensued, she was plenty tight even for the less endowed punter like myself but deep penetration was the order of the day, she seemed to enjoy herself, did feel her cum, with all those hot sensations they are supposed to get, one of the advantages of being a early in the day punter is you just might luck in and be there first of the day. 
I finished in a skillful CBJ kneeling from her, had my knees trembling, a bit of chitchat and on my way.

Can only say a good deal all round, I wonder if anyone has seen Donna the other contender in the line up, I'm guessing sth American, very well endowed on a size 8 body, if the steak matches the sizzle it could be a really good thing. 

Would in no way be unhappy to have another session with Niki 'tho. 

Cheers, wanderlust.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 29th July 2011, 06:21 PM
Poster ID: syco10
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Went here the other night and  there were four girls on only 1 avaliable Monica tall slim thai girl have seen her before but didnt want to wait for the others so took the half hour option was asked if i wanted full service but only took the massage, monica likes to please and gave a good massage with happy ending, all up was worth the $60


Floor: #4
Post Time: 28th September 2011, 11:05 AM
Poster ID: wachumba
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Nancy

Date of Visit :  Sep 11

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :  

Hours of Business :   close at 9

Rates : $60 for 30min

Age : mid-late 20's?

Size/shape : 6, slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : thai

Services Provided : nude massage, hj

Value for money/recommend? : yes

My experience/comments : Came here looking for Amber but when i saw her in the intro, didnt seem like my type. Took a thai cutie called Nancy who seemed to have the most enthusiasm. Nancy is quite small, prob size 6 and short. went for 30 min massage and wasnt disappointed. Her hands were on the package straight away so asked for a happy beginning. Tried to give me a proper massage after that but wasnt great although it got the little fella going again so went for a 2nd shot. will go back and try again.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 18th December 2011, 05:51 PM
Poster ID: Khadji
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sahara

Date of Visit : Dec 8

Rates : $60 for 30min

Age : Late 20s, Early 30s

Size/shape : Athletic

Nationality or Ethnicity : Ghanese

Services Provided : FS, nude massage, hj

Value for money/recommend? : yes

My experience/comments : Dropped in as I have been checking out all the local establishments and hadn't been here for a large number of years. Walked in to find that no one was available, the receptionist told me some would be available in 5-10mins so I waited in the lounge. Sahara came out and said hi, she also had one of those engaging personalities and said she would 'look' after me well. Into the room and FS was offered straight up, $100 for 30m. I thought why not and grabbed a shower. Straight up she slid a type of cock ring over my little fella and balls and got straight into a BBBJ and made sure that she was in reach, I got a chance to slide my hands over her body and she then jumped up onto the massage table and moved into 69. She seemed to be enjoying it before shipping on a cover and jumping on top. After some energetic action she jumped off to pay my cock some hand and mouth attention with the cover off and grabbed my hand and put it between her legs while she did so.

I can only recommend her across the board for the experience, she works Wed/Thurs. Most defninitely worth the trip.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 14th October 2012, 05:48 PM
Poster ID: nswmassagelover
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : many different

Establishment : angels touch liverpool

Date of Visit : visited many time in 2011 and 2012

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 96008988

Hours of Business : 10-9

Rates : start at 60

Age : vary

Size/shape : vary

Nationality or Ethnicity : vary

Services Provided : massage + more

Value for money/recommend? : yes +2

My experience/comments : Have visited this venue numerous times and am keen to go back like every place have had great times and an average time i believe it all depends on the girl you get . Tina a russian girl on saturdays is my fav lady so far closley followed by amber . Both are very sexy ladies and provide great survice


Floor: #7
Post Time: 15th October 2012, 06:51 PM
Poster ID: nswmassagelover
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Tina 

Establishment : angels touch liverpool nsw 

Date of Visit : saturday 22nd sep 

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 96008988 no web page

Hours of Business : sun-thurs 10 till 9 fri & sat 10 till 8

Rates : from $60 for half hour nude massage

Age : 25

Size/shape : size 12 curvy , busty

Nationality or Ethnicity : russian

Services Provided : nude massage & hj

Value for money/recommend? : awsome value 

My experience/comments : herd about this place thought i go check it out so went on a sat morning , was shown 4 girls and one caught my eye exotic, curvy and very busty . her nam Tina a russian girl. went in to the room had a shower as i was getting out of the shower Tina was waithing nude with my towel , when i dryed off over to the massage table we went good rub good coversation which made it very relaxing rolled over Tina jumped on top 69 position showing me her outstanding maintained undercarage and gave me an awsome pull and tity fuck then asked if i wanted to up grade to a hj . very talented woman ! lol finished up had a shower and continued to have a good chat i now visit on any saturday i get a chance


Floor: #8
Post Time: 2nd June 2013, 07:48 PM
Poster ID: Dr Strangelove
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Heidi

Establishment : Angel's Touch

Date of Visit : May 2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 96008988 : 402 Terminus Street, Liverpool

Hours of Business : open till 9pm

Rates : $60 for 30 mins massage, extras available

Age : about 25

Size/shape : slim, firm (possibly enhanced) boobs. 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian (couldn't tell where specifically)

Services Provided : massage, cbj, fs

Value for money/recommend? : no

My experience/comments : I used to go here quite a bit 10 years or so ago and never failed to have a good time. But it seems you can't go home again. 

I came in on Thursday arvo, was introduced to 4 ladies, all looked rather similar, all looked equally disinterested. Heidi was the last one out and overall I'd say she looked the nicest of the 4 so she got the nod. 

She's of Asian background but I'm not sure where and I didn't ask. She had nice C cup breasts, quite possibly enhanced and clear skin. She looked to be about 25, a pretty gal. 

Headed into the room with her and have her $60 for the 30 minute massage. Having my shower, I thought of how much the rooms have changed. They used to be bright with lots of mirrors. Now very dark and not very inviting. 

She returned and got into the massage, not much in the way of sensual touching but it was average. 

Turn over time. She was happy for touching upstairs but not downstairs. As full service had been offered earlier, I asked how much for a bj. She advised cbj was $20 and cbj + sex was $40. 

I figured, fuck it, I'm already here. So gave her $40 which I grabbed out of my wallet and gave to her when she returned with a condom. 

Her bj technique wasn't the best but when she hopped on for some cowgirl sex I must admit that was pretty good. She looked hot bouncing about and it wasn't long till I filled the bag. 

She thanked me and waited whilst I had a shower and showed me out. 

Overall, it wasn't a bad service or anything, but not the kind of service that makes you scream "fuck yeah, I gotta get back there!" either. So I doubt I will. 

I'd now like to deviate from my prepared remarks (so if you're only interested in current stuff, you can probably stop reading now) to tell you about an experience I had here many years ago. 

They had two Russian chicks that worked here. One tall, blonde, with big boobs. One shorter, curvier one with bigger boobs. On the phone management used to advertise them as sisters, but they told me it was all bullshit but they did live together. I saw them both, individually, often. Sorry to say, it's been that long I don't recall their names. 

I came in late one time to see the bigger one but she said that if she saw me she'd miss her train home. Then her eyes lit up. She said if we made it a double with the other girl we could finish faster and they'd make their train. No extra cash, just a shorter time. 

Who was I to say no?

So we hit the room, quick shower and I was on the table. The session was a blur, I was on my back pretty quickly and had the slimmer girl rubbing her tits in my face while the bigger gal took care of the handjob. She knew she needed me to cum fast so she then wrapped her lips around my cock and gave a wonderful bbbj that made me squirt in her mouth and she swallowed the lot. I left satisfied and the gals made their train. 

A memorable experience.


Floor: #9
Post Time: 11th June 2013, 10:05 PM
Poster ID: kandiman
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Nikki

Establishment : Angels Touch Liverpool

Date of Visit : 18/05/2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 96008988 no web page

Hours of Business : sun-thurs 10 till 9 fri & sat 10 till 8

Rates : $100 for FS

Age : Early 30's

Size/shape : size 8-9 curvy petite

Nationality or Ethnicity : aussie

Services Provided : nude massage, CBJ, FS

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments:

This is the Nikki that use to work at Croydon 219, i use to see her at The Ultimate Relaxation Centre at Ingleburn around 4-5 years ago back then she looked smoking hot blonde back then, these days she still looks good to me but aged a little bit in the face with brunette hair. Started off with light massage she's not the greatest at this, followed next with CBJ which was good then next to sex started off with her on top she looks great grinding on top of you then moved to doggy pumped her pretty hard but i don't think she likes her nipples squeezed hard. 

All in all a good session, reason why i saw her again after all these years was just to catch up and see what she was up to, and i can't believe that she still remembers me after all this time. Good girl


Floor: #10
Post Time: 23rd February 2015, 07:08 PM
Poster ID: TheAnonymousFeline
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jasmine

Establishment : Angel's Touch

Date of Visit : Monday 23rd February 2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 96008988 : 402 Terminus Street, Liverpool

Hours of Business : open till 9pm

Rates : $60 for 30 mins massage, extras available

Age : about 25

Size/shape : slim, tall, legs for days, gorgeous smooth, tanned skin, long brunette hair, devilish smile, enhanced rack

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai (couldn't tell where specifically)

Services Provided : massage, CBJ, BBBJ, FS

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments :
Felt a little toey after seeing so many beautiful women today, so popped into here for a new experience.

2 girls free: Black Daice & Thai Jasmine. Jasmine lingered a little while longer after the intro, leaning forward to show off her beautifully enhanced rack. I couldn't help but get up off the introduction sofa & touch them. Pulling her top aside, I devoured each nipple in turn... All in view of other potential punters & other girls in the parkour. My fingers quickly travelled to her snatch, beautiful cunt lips...

We moved into the closest room where Jasmine disrobed me in quick fashion. I took my time in undressing her, savoy ring each curve with a kiss & a grope. Onto the massage table & she drops to her knees with a CBJ... Where's she produce that condom from? I wonder. Then my thoughts quickly return to this demon of a sex witch, as she slurped & gagged on my big tool. I asked for au naturale, which she gladly agreed to. Good use of saliva, teeth & lips... Mmmm...

On with the dom again & I turn her over into the massage table. I slamming into her pussy & she's taking it like a true champion. Each thrust of mine is met with a thrust of hers.

We switch positions multiple times. Me on top in standing mish, her on top in cowgirl & reverse cowgirl. I finally blow with her riding me... A long sigh from the both if us as she achiees climax also. Her tight pussy squeezed my cock in the way only a tight pussy in orgasmic fury could.

She then removes the condom, slurps up a little dribble, to my surprise, then flips me over for a half-decent massage.

I pay her $60 + $100 for the full service. She worked Mondays & Tuesdays. I'll be back again tomorrow as I think I've found my perfect cumslut for the start of the working week.

Looks: a dirty 8/10
Enhanced rack: not a fan, 5/10
CBJ: 8/10
BBBJ: 10/10
Sex: 9/10
Eating my cum at the end: 10/10
Promising a better experience tomorrow: 20/10

Watch this space


Floor: #11
Post Time: 3rd March 2015, 07:10 PM
Poster ID: jackstar
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jasmine

Establishment : Angel's Touch

Date of Visit : Monday 2 March 2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 96008988 : 402 Terminus Street, Liverpool

Hours of Business : 10am till 9pm

Rates : $100 for 30 mins FS

Age : 25 - 30

Size/shape : slim, smooth, tanned skin, long black hair, enhanced rack

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai - I was concerned she may have been a ladyboy initially she was that good looking - to qualify though - not my thing but whenever I see the really hot thai girls I am told they are men!!

Services Provided : CBJ, FS

Value for money/recommend? : Yes for pretend PSE - No for anything else

My experience/comments :

After backing out of my first time appointment with "ohyeah of guilford" I settled on Liverpool.  After then getting shafted by the DH male owner at nearby 24 Railway St for my 10.30am booking with La La (chosen based on reviews here), Jasmine was my plan B (Based on above review and because I thought she may have been the other Jasmine with the great tits referred to at 62 Moore a few times)  

Agreed, yes she is smoking hot to look at, very sexy demeanour. However after my shower she came back and went straight for CBJ.  I hinted a few times at BBBJ and she just giggled. 

Agreed, yes she has a very nice looking snatch.  However my attempt at DATY just brought fake reactions. 

Started off with standing doggy over the massage table at her request.  Not much happening here other than fake moans.  Ended up in mish on the massage table, pulled out and off and dumped on her stomach which she was fine with.

In hindsight, I may have been off myself this day.  However overall I would describe it as one of those hot thai girls who just goes through the motions.  We have all fallen for them.  To top it off, she was straight up and into the shower - no massage.  I couldnt be bothered arguing with her.    

Looks: 9/10
 Enhanced rack: 8/10
CBJ: 7/10
BBBJ: 0/10
 Sex: 6/10

WIR - No.


Floor: #12
Post Time: 3rd March 2015, 10:00 PM
Poster ID: Mr Crash and Burn
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Unfortunate there jackstar. Usually I find the Thai girls the most receptive of all for DATY.

You were however within a stones through of your other Tuesday regular and chose an alternative option.


Floor: #13
Post Time: 3rd March 2015, 11:24 PM
Poster ID: jackstar
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
She is overseas!!!  And it was a monday...


Floor: #14
Post Time: 31st October 2018, 10:21 PM
Poster ID: Khadji
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
The place is long gone, the building torn down for development into apartments.


