Thread Title: Appin Thai Massage 0422 407 695
Floor: #1
Post Time: 11th May 2018, 02:34 PM
Poster ID: sandsifter
Post Title: 
 Appin Thai Massage 0422 407 695
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Bel  or Bill


Establishment : Appin Thai Massage




Date of Visit : April 2018



Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Shop 2, 77 Appin Rd, Appin NSW 2560 . Tel 0422407695 / (02)46311730




Hours of Business : 10am - 7pm ......7 days



Rates : Various, I had 1hr Thai oil massage for $65 plus $35 for hj



Age : 30 plus



Size/shape : Tiny, skinny, ok looking



Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai



Services Provided : Massage, hj



Value for money/recommend? :  My first time here and it was ok nothing to shout about



My experience/comments : 

Noticed this new Thai massage place a few weeks back as it's near my favourite pie/cake shop in Appin which is where a stop for a snack on my way to the south coast, so decided to take one for the team as it's only a short drive from my home in Camden.
Decided to turn up on spec as I couldn't find a phone number link anywhere(I did pick up a business card when I entered) The place is in an side row of shops opposite the local pub, very basic and not sure if there's a shower provided, looks like a couple of rooms next to reception area. Was greeted by an older Thai woman who led me to a room where Bel or Bill was waiting. Stripped everything off and lay face down onto the massage table thinking of what might transpire?
I asked for hard massage but it didn't really hit the spots as Bel was quite tiny and I think she wasn't a trained professional. 
The massage was fine and there was a little nudge to the plums every now and then to keep me hoping. After a about 40 minutes the towel was thrown to the corner as I was asked about extra? Her English was quite poor and I couldn't work out if she was saying bj or hj or maybe it was wishful thinking. After numerous attempts of dialogue I just motioned hj as the massage hadn't really got me in the mood. She wanted $40, I said $30, agreed on $35. A big splatter of oil was dribbled on my member and Bel went to town. I wasn't hard and she was a little too aggressive for me. I attempted to show her how I liked it but she had her own agenda and kept up with the jackhammer. I did eventually cum but was only half mast so felt a little strange. Bel said she would get a wet towel and left the room. It was at this point I noticed that when the door is open the reception counter/area looks straight into the room and I was laying on my back with the crown jewels on display.
I got a quick wipe down and a nice head massage before dressing and heading back home. 
Not sure if I will return but did notice one Sunday when I was getting a snack, a leggy Thai girl in tight jeans going into the shop with the boss. Maybe I will return


