Floor: #1
Post Time: 30th March 2016, 06:45 PM
Poster ID: dickbrown
Post Title: 
 Cabramatta Health Massage - 9723 3296  / 0422 875 850
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: May/ Mei
Establishment : Cabramatta Health Massage Center
Date of Visit :  4 Mar 16
Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 9723 3296 0422 875 850/ 1, 145 Cabramatta Rd
Hours of Business : 10-8
Rates :   70 hour
Age :   40
Size/shape :  
Nationality or Ethnicity : Vietnamese
Services Provided : Massage/HJ
Value for money/WIR : Not for me

Comments: 
Saw a sign in E Cabramatta with Viet/Chinese/English characters and the usual pictorial of feet and thought "why not"? Quick call to the number outside the window and asked if they were busy and could I come right over. The receptionist responded with a question of "just you?", which threw me off for a minute. I gave no wise ass answer and rocked in where the nicely attired mama-san told me prices ... it's 70 for the hour with sauna, relaxing room, etc. I started to understand her question of how many people for the appointment. This appears to be the men's spa style seen in various Asian countries where locals hang-out with mates for the longer version of an R&T session with a little fraternal camaraderie, smoke and joke etc. away from home. The "spa" has a dressing room with lockers for clothes and valuables. Only, unlike other locales, none of the locker room boys hanging out, handing you slippers and waiting for a tip.... 

I asked how much just for a massage? Still 70, but, "shower and sauna, stay long time...". Steep for the area, but OK I'm already here. I lock up the clothes in the locker room, take a shower, she shows me to a room with a curtain for a door. A 40ish woman in less  sophisticated attire- almost some kind of uniform- comes in and we exchange some smiles and quickly establish we won't be having much of a chat about anything as neither can speak the other's language. I do find out she is from HCM/Saigon, but not much else. 

A good FBM follows, not a lot of TT, but enough close encounters that upon turn-over she recognizes the additional cash opportunities I am presenting, but she will only do the handy for 30, despite my 2 fingers saying only 20. Clearly, she has practice at this health centre, and she does a good job with the happy ending, even though I made her work a little longer for the extra tip as I had just left a shop in Peakhurst. Afterwards, she does a nice clean up, smiles and shows me to the shower. She comes back to hang around near the locker room after giving me time to dress and we settle up the tip. $100 for the hour was not really good VFM, and I won't be back. Apologies for the delayed post.


