Thread Title: Cabramatta Girls Massage - 21 Hughes street Cabramatta - 0411 342 294
Floor: #1
Post Time: 7th November 2019, 03:11 PM
Poster ID: Khadji
Post Title: 
 Cabramatta Girls Massage - 21 Hughes street Cabramatta - 0411 342 294
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Linda

Establishment : Cabramatta Girls Massage

Date of Visit : 7 November 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://sydney.locanto.com.au/ID_390...-expected.html 

Cabramatta & Fairfield Massage – Sydney Massage

Phone : 0411 342 294 (text only)

Hours of Business :  24 Hours

Rates : $50 - 30 Mins

Age : 35-40

Size/shape : Curvy, Long Black Hair, B Cups, Shaven

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : CBJ, CFS

Value for money/recommend? : Yes 

My experience/comments : Was trawling through Locanto to check out some different offerings, and came across this place. Reasonably local and very cheap with $50 for 30 mins including FS. It is an apartment on the 2nd floor and the room I was take to had a single bed (I imagine the lady slept there) and a Queen table/bed (it was higher than a normal bed) for the action. The apartments are old style and a little run down, but you can't expect champagne service on lemonade prices. It seemed like Linda was the only lady working and in the text exchanges the reference was she was available instead of a choice. Also she had limited English, just enough to pay the fee and get things going.

It was basically clothes off, a hug with some tackle tickle and then onto the bed for an ok CBJ, then straight into some Mish, moved to standing Mish, tried some Standing Doggie but the bed height was wrong, so back into Mish to finish the deed with a splash of seed. Linda was friendly and it was well worth it for the small investment in $.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 7th November 2019, 03:25 PM
Poster ID: curvedaznsword
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Is the apartment inside cabramatta shopping areas?


Floor: #3
Post Time: 13th November 2019, 04:23 PM
Poster ID: Khadji
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
No it is a normal block of apartments across the road from the Domino Pizza.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 27th November 2019, 07:55 PM
Poster ID: curvedaznsword
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Linda

Establishment : Cabramatta Massage Girls 

Date of Visit :  27 November 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :  https://sydney.locanto.com.au/ID_390...-expected.html 
Unit at Hughes street Cabramatta

Phone : 0411 342 294 (text only)

Hours of Business :  10:30am to 6:00pm	

Rates :  $50 30mins Linda, theres another girl that looked better based on the picture Kiki $100 30mins but opted to go with Linda. If you want to get a haircut with it $10 by the manager..

Age :  late 30’s

Size/shape :  C cups, shaven pussy, slim. Stained black lower teeth.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided :  massage, CFS, CBJ. Extra for natural FS and BBBJ

Value for money/recommend? : NOPE STAY AWAY. There were few moments I should have just walked away..

My experience/comments : 
Was at Cabramatta buying groceries and thought about this place for awhile now. Had some time to kill so thought I’ll text the number and see if they have any Vietnamese girls available but seems like they only have Chinese. Two girls Linda and Kiki. Received Kiki photos and quote $100 30mins. She looked okay. But opted to go with Linda for $50. However, no photo. So unsure what she looked like. But thought I’ll give her a go based on the review.
Address was given and it was located near the markets, across from dominos. It is a Unit apartment that is quite run down. Lots of Vacancies post. As I got there, the gate/driveway was closed! No access. (I should have left thinking about it)
I messaged the number and the owner came out from his hair salon shop that was nearby across the road and told me he does haircuts for $10.  Chinese guy, his English seems to be okay. So he opened the gate and lead me up to the room that was up stairs.
The unit had a living room that was messy, a kitchen and two working rooms. 
One of the room was Linda’s room that had two high table/beds put together which is quite firm and a single bed at the other side.  First impression of Linda, looked like a normal massage girl. Not too ugly but not attractive either. She did had abit of black stain on her lower teeth. English isn’t great. 
Money was exchanged and straight to the point. No shower was offered.
So took off my clothes and laid on the high bed for some massage which was terrible. No pressure or anything just soft touch and then tickle at the groin. After that her phone kept going off. I think at one point she recorded me? I don’t know, it was weird. Like I was laying down and she had her phone facing me (my back) and started to rub my back while holding the phone and said something in Chinese. I asked what was she doing but I guess she didn’t understand it or reply to my question… right..
I did get a small glimpse and she’s using WeChat but its in Chinese. Back to the shit massage, she then had to go out for 10mins because the manager needed to talk to her or she had to do something? So she just walks out naked. I think I heard another guy outside…
So as I was laying on the high table/bed I’m starting to think back to another shit place I been at Merrylands on how similar the whole situation is..
Linda comes back, apologizes and straight to CBJ which was barely anything. However, my cock reacts quickly when it gets touched/sucked so I became hard. A little of that and we switched to doggy and wow, I think Linda does a lot of anal or something cause she has thick piles/hemorrhoids. Either that or she is not eating enough fibe. It was large skin sticking out of her ass. I tried to think passed it and fuck her doggy. She moaned abit but I couldn’t shake the feeling of how wet/slippery her pussy feels. It was dripping before I put it. After few pumps I got abit flaccid so I pulled out to find the condom was still instead her. I didn’t cum but was abit concerned and unsure if the condom slipped off inside her while we were fucking? Then I think about, what if she did natural and guys coming inside her? Anyway, she didn’t seem to be worried. So I wiped myself down with tissues, clothes on and left the Unit. 

Went home asap to shower and clean up. Probably get tested in few weeks…..


