Thread Title: Essestial Healthy  Massage Center -  Cabramatta - 0470 251 185
Floor: #1
Post Time: 6th January 2017, 11:22 AM
Poster ID: emcan
Post Title: 
 Essestial Healthy  Massage Center -  Cabramatta - 0470 251 185
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Ruby

Establishment : Essestial Healthy  Massage Center 

Date of Visit : 5th Jan 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : - Shop 25/ 24-32 Hughes St Cabramatta
Cabramatta Massage - Canley Vale Massage | Chipping Norton Massage | Liverpool Massage | Mount Pritchard Massage | Wakeley Massage | Villawood Massage | Fairfield Massage | Smithfield Massage | Guildford Massage

Hours of Business : 9:30 - 7:30

Rates : $50 per 45 minutes

Age : early 20's

Size/shape : Slim, nice figures and b cups

Nationality or Ethnicity : Korean

Services Provided : massage and NHJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience : Drove past and saw this place last week and don't recall seeing any reviews about the shop so I thought it's time to TOFTT and contribute a bit to this great forum that i love.  The place is easy to find with the details on the above website, there's a car park nearby for $2/ 2 hours that I used because parking is a pain in Cabramatta.

The shop looks legit from outside and the rooms are partitioned to about 2/3 up to the ceiling, and there's no doors but curtains, that doesn't bother me on that day because I had a genuine shoulder pain and wanted to have a decent massage.

Ruby greeted me and shown me into the room, she is young and cute and was wearing a short dress showing her nice legs, at this stage I have already forgotten about the shoulder pain and was hoping that there's more on offer.  The rooms are small but clean.

Ruby started the massage and asked if I wanted soft or hard, I said medium, the massage was very good and she knows what she's doing and paid special attention to my shoulders without me asking.

On turn over time, she offered a nhj for $50 which I have taken, I have tried to ask if more in on offer she just kept asking me how much I'd pay and doesn't seem too interested so I thought I'd just stick with the nhj option.
She undressed and shown a very young and hot body and proceed to perform a good hj while I was feeling her smooth skin and playing with her boobs, that got me over the line in no time.

Ruby is friendly and talkative, I will return if I'm in the area to see her and to see if there's more on offer, to me $50 is a bargain for a nhj by a young and cute Korean girl.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 6th January 2017, 08:59 PM
Poster ID: copul8er
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Sounds good. Plus you can have a good feed after


Floor: #3
Post Time: 29th October 2018, 11:56 PM
Poster ID: Khadji
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lulu

Establishment : Essential Healthy Massage Centre 

Date of Visit : 29th Oct 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : - Shop 25/ 24-32 Hughes St Cabramatta - Tel: 0470251185 - Essential Massage Cabramatta Sydney - 0470251185. We offering discreet massage and more to discerning clientele in Cabramatta Sydney, your highly talented Essential masseuse will have you leaving your mundane world into a world of pleasure. Cupping+ 

Hours of Business : 9:30 - 7:30

Rates : $50 per 45 minutes

Age : early 20's

Size/shape : Slim, B cups

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Massage, HJ, DATY

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience : Working my way through the Cabramatta shops and this one was next on my list. Stopped in and the only lady available was Lulu. She looked young, like early 20's and was slim, friendly at the entrance. Into the room and paid for 45 mins, off with the clothes and onto the bed. The rooms are open topped with curtains that cover the doorways. She went out with the $ and turned up the background music, even though she was the only worker, there was at least another older lady out the back. A relatively brief massage with a focus on my neck/shoulders before getting the wet rag to wipe me down before the flip. On the turn she offered a HJ or Nude HJ, so I took the Nude and started to caress her legs and back. She was quite receptive so I moved in to lick her nipples and kiss her stomach, I could feel her pussy getting wetter and I started to lick down that way. She let me know she was enjoying it but maybe an increased tip would be in order, so I agreed and got her to sit on top of me so I could enjoy some DATY while she continued to stroke my cock. After some minutes she was getting really wet and was clamping her thighs against my face, that was enough to get my load shot into the air. A quick wipe down and I was out on the street. She works only Mondays. Nude HJ $50, top up for DATY $20.


