Thread Title: Lavender 85 - 192 Cabramatta Rd. Cabramatta West - 0424 327 979
Floor: #1
Post Time: 27th November 2019, 09:39 AM
Poster ID: NickRose
Post Title: 
 Lavender 85 - 192 Cabramatta Rd. Cabramatta West - 0424 327 979
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Ling

Establishment : Lavender 85

Date of Visit : 25/11/19

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 192 Cabramatta Rd, Cabramatta West

Phone : 0424 327 979

Hours of Business : 9:30am - 8:30pm, 7 days

Rates : $50/45 min plus $20 

Age : 20s

Size/shape : Petite, average looker, small bust, remained clothed throughout.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Vietnamese 

Services Provided : massage, clothed hj

Value for money/recommend? : No / Not Recommended

My experience/comments : Under new management and renamed Lavender 85. Turned up about 1pm, not much happening, 3 girls in short black dresses sitting on the lounge, 2x 20s, 1x late 30s milf type all Vietnamese. Manager/Boss is not present so the girls are managing the intro discussion with limited English. Seems that Ling is next in line, she's a cheerful girl so pay $50 for 45mins.

Premises are clean and tidy but not large. Massage area is divided into 3 separate spaces, sides and entry are just curtained off so not very satisfactory. These partitions do do reach the ceiling either so privacy is negligible and you can hear everything going on in the shop. The massage table is sturdy and set up nicely. Looks like a legitimate massage establishment.

 I undress and Ling encourages me to lie face down. She is chatty and flirty at first despite her limited English. She's a petite little Vietnamese spinner, about 160cm, early 20s and wearing a short black dress. She covers my backside with a towel and starts an oily massage around my back, neck and shoulders. Her part 1 is pretty relaxing as she works her way around my body, arms, hands, legs, feet and eventually uncovers my backside to start kneading my butt and inner thighs. Ling makes no attempt at erotic arousal and her light brushing of my balls during this part seems purely accidental. I try to encourage more erotic contact by opening my legs slightly and raising my butt but Ling does not take the hint. She disappears briefly and returns with some hot rocks to complete a back massage with them. Feels ok but about 30 mins have passed by with only a competent legit massage so far.

Ling asks me to flip over and awkwardly suggests a hj finish using sign language. I ask about cost and this is another awkward conversation and left for me to decide. I politely ask her to strip but she declines suggesting that the boss does not allow it. I'm pretty disappointed because I was looking forward to seeing Ling naked but just lie back for my clothed hj finish. Regrettably Ling seems to lack experience and commences a vigorous oily hj. I tried to slow her down and get her second hand working my shaft and balls with limited success and managed a half hearted spray followed by a quick clean up with a warm towel. 

Not a very satisfying erotic experience and much better vfm elsewhere in Cabramatta and the South West. Not Recommended.


