Thread Title: Natasha Day Spa and Thai Massage - 66 Marsh Pde, Casula - 02 9601 0800
Floor: #1
Post Time: 1st January 2013, 08:16 PM
Poster ID: rick11
Post Title: 
 Natasha Day Spa and Thai Massage - 66 Marsh Pde, Casula - 02 9601 0800
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : ? Pat

Establishment : Natasha Day Spa and Thai Massage, CASULA 66  Marsh Parade, Casula, NSW  2170 Tel: 9601 0800

Date of Visit : 00/12/12

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :CASULA 66  Marsh Parade, Casula, NSW  2170 Tel: 9601 0800

Hours of Business : 10am-about 8pm

Rates : 85 for 60

Age : late 20's

Size/shape :  sexy looking with B cup

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Massage and HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Not sure

My experience/comments :
This use to be legit thai massage place last I visited 2 years ago. However things have changed for better !! Credit crunch, economic crisis or change of ownership whatever may have been the reason. 
Recently visited on a busy afternoon had to wait for 20 min. Four girls but only three rooms - well one room with shower and two areas which have curtains. Unfortunately I was in one of the curtained areas where punter walking in and out all the time and lot of noise. 
Massage was standard thai oil massage with tickling and touching between legs after 20 min so knew extras are likely. Pat is average looking with B cups was waring sexy summer short pants and spoke broken english. After 45 min squeezed my balls and whispered in my ears if i wanted extras. Turned over and asked me for $ 40. I hate negotiating between the session so agreed and job was done. Allowed touching all over. I suspect more might be on the card inside the proper room and with the right girl. Need more visits to find out ...


Floor: #2
Post Time: 3rd January 2013, 07:54 PM
Poster ID: jude99
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Depending on the girl this place has always offered HJ but it is always overpriced ranging from $30-$50 clothed (i've never paid more than $30 though) this is on top of the $85 for the massage.

This place has a very high turnover of staff they always have new girls coming in and moving on mostly thai students here to learn english. I first started coming to this place over 2 years ago and the quality was quite good back then I would often go every couple of weeks or so due to my bad back, do often that the boss lady and all the staff knew me.  Nowadays I mostly go to chinese massage parlors as its much easier on wallet, however I come here every few months or so if i have really bad back pains and its pretty close to home. But the last time I went it was  a horrible massage and has definitely gone downhill and might not ever come back.

There is only ever hj here nothing more is on offer even in the proper room. Most of the times if you are new or the girl doens't know you they won't offer it at all, so you have to ask. Some girls don't do it at all but they might grab someone else who does it if they are free. 

In terms of the girls it varies greatly but i haven't met anyone stunning. most of them are alright and there isn't anyone that is ugly as hell. Personalities range of quite friendly, shy or just cold. Massage skills vary too some of them are really good but lately its  been poor to average, the older ones will provide a good massage (and more likely offer hj). Also most of them are poor in english.

While the HJ are pretty standard and boring, some of the more exciting experiences i've had here are.
- sucking on big milf titties (first RNT experience here)
- getting a hj in a curtain area where people walked past and could see through the gaps, she was horny as hell and wanted to be seen doing it even one of the other girls walked in saw it and walked off
- one of the girls grinding on my bare cock while in her mini jeans and telling me to play with her tits (this was for free, she also asked if i wanted 30mins more unfortunately didn't have more money then.. wondered what would have happened - never saw her working again there after that...)
- one of the girls on two occasions i was taking a while to come so she let play with her tits and finger her underneath her clothes. 

Unfortunately from my knowledge none of these girls work here anymore as i sometimes ring to see if they are but unfortunately like i said the staff keep on changing (from what i know its still the same boss since it open but the staff turnover alot also the staff get shifted around from the other locations cabramatta and bankstown there used to be more locations such as campbelltown and bass hill but they have been sold off and not sure if the same girls work there.)

Also word of warning, there is a lady boy that works here or i suspect name is nancy or something you can tell from the lean muscle and man hands... also there's another that used to work at campbelltown but you could tell straight away as she was massive.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 7th January 2013, 10:46 AM
Poster ID: tersm2007
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
well, now that is has moved on. i was getting a regular HJ at the Ashfield shop from a girl there at no extra charge. From the first visit with her it was on. Initially she would tease the hell of me up until the hour finished, then she would ask 'u want more time?', then made me cum. When i stopped playing her game she gave up and made me cum within the hour. I got lucky with a horny girl i think. But i find it hard to believe i was the only one getting this. She would dry hump me, let me finger her, suck her breasts. A nice lil horny thai girl i would say...


Floor: #4
Post Time: 14th April 2013, 05:29 PM
Poster ID: jude99
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Emma

Establishment : Natasha Day Spa and Thai Massage, CASULA 66 Marsh Parade, Casula, NSW 2170 Tel: 9601 0800

Date of Visit : 14/4/13

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :CASULA 66 Marsh Parade, Casula, NSW 2170 Tel: 9601 08000 http://natashadayspa.com.au/

Hours of Business : 10-"9pm" usually closes a bit earlier depending if they have a booking

Rates : $85 for 60mins

Age : mid 20's

Size/shape : fit 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Massage and HJ

Value for money/recommend? : a bit pricey

My experience/comments : Came to this place due to the very poor "massage" i had yesterday at 1/173 Liverpool. Anyway I come here since its close to home and when i want a proper massage i prefer it here than at a real chinese RNT shop since i haven't been able to find someone that gives a great massage at these places in the area. I've been to this place many times and I've had some shockers that at one stage i didn't go for a while as i had a string of poor massages from various girls.  

Anyway gave a quick ring and they were available and said i could come in straight away if i wanted, got there and there was a girl that i've seen a few times there but never got a massage from. From my impression she seemed a bit snobby due to her lack of emotions anyway her name is Emma and she's pretty decent looking not the classical thai beauty but nevertheless easy on the eyes. 

Massage was good and something i would expect for the price that you pay, however one flaw was she didnt' seem to ask how i would like my massage (e.g. soft,medium,hard) so I had to tell her a few minutes in i would like it a bit firmer. Anyway with this place you aren't quite sure which girls offer extras (but i've noticed that most of the current ones provide them), due to Emma's cold nature and her lack of signs during the first half of the massage i was convinced i won't be getting anything... however this changed suddenly when massage my legs she just left her hand between my legs and her fingers just touching my ball sack, she just continued to leave it there for a good couple of minutes while she continued to massage my leg with her other hand. I love the sensation when my sack gets brushed by their fingers but her hand being there felt like absolute heaven.

Anyway, turned over and covered me with the towel however while she was massaging my legs the towel started slowing falling off and she didn't care, she finally got up to the top of my legs and started lightly brushing my cock and asked if i wanted a happy ending, knowing the price of this varied depending on the girl i had to ask how much where she asked for $40 but i decided to say $30 which she agreed to. HJ was okay, had better but i was so mood due to the lead up to it.

In summary, i usually i come here for a straight massage and there are times i've been offer a hj but declined due to it being pricey but this time i took up the offer as Emma knew how to push my buttons. Saying that it is still expensive and i could of had more somewhere else for the same price but like i said i was after a good massag ein the first place. I will come back as i always do as its convinent for me but i might try someone else like i always do but there are always new girls that work here and i have a habit of trying to get a taste of them all. Emma while there was nothing wrong with her doesn't have any stand out features for me to try her again if i had to choice to have someone else.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 14th April 2013, 06:32 PM
Poster ID: TheBigM
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by tersm2007


well, now that is has moved on. i was getting a regular HJ at the Ashfield shop from a girl there at no extra charge. From the first visit with her it was on. Initially she would tease the hell of me up until the hour finished, then she would ask 'u want more time?', then made me cum. When i stopped playing her game she gave up and made me cum within the hour. I got lucky with a horny girl i think. But i find it hard to believe i was the only one getting this. She would dry hump me, let me finger her, suck her breasts. A nice lil horny thai girl i would say..
"""



Yeah, I remember her, it must have been Alyce. not a tall girl, I would say average looking, but she had a slim little body with a perfect round shape arse, and nice pair of firm medium size tits.  All the extras you mentioned above is what I also experienced with her on a few occasions, but I was paying around $30 for the extras, still worth the cash I paid. And man, that dry humping used to make so friggin hot, the last few visits I kept asking her for FS, but her reply was always. 'maybe next time'...  Unfortunately, on the next time I saw her she was told me the owners are selling up and she was worried the new owners may will want to make the new joint all 100% legit. 

A month later while driving pass the same shopfront, I noticed a change of 'management hands' with totally new signage, gone with the old and in with the new. I week later I rang the shopfront and asked if Alyce (from the previous owners) still works there, a mature Asian speaking lady told me Alyce 'does not work in this shop, left when change of owners'...I would assume the owners wanted to run the new joint all legit which left her looking to work somewhere else. I still haven't come across in other massage/R'N'T joints, damn, she was good.

Thanks for the flashback tersm2007 !

Cheez Man


Floor: #6
Post Time: 16th November 2013, 09:38 PM
Poster ID: booyah33
Post Title: 
 Natasha Day Spa
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Mimi

Establishment : Natasha Day Spa - Casula

Date of Visit : 09/11/13

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :

Hours of Business : 10am - 9pm

Rates : 45mins/ $65

Age : Early to Mid 20's

Size/shape : 8 slim b cups 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : massage

Value for money/recommend? : No

My experience/comments : Went to natasha day spa for a massage during a quiet sat afternoon. Have frequented this place a few times before and have been happy with most visits. Didn't make a booking this time as the previous girl I had visited for massage was not working so this time was given Mimi. Saw two other girls in shop at the time but she was next in line for walk in customers (would have preferred her friend who was prettier and had a healthy rack).

Took the 45 mins option told to take off all clothes and was asked how i would like massage told her medium please. The massage was so so had better didnt really get the knots out. Was asked to turn over after 30 or so mins and then I was asked if i would like extra. I asked whats extra she said HJ for $40. I asked her if any touching was allowed she replied no. Without any touching allowed and her keeping all clothes on I was not going to be paying extra $40 for HJ. She didnt take well to my answer and her mood turned dark which made the last 10 mins a not so good experience. I think she must assume all customers will go for the extras - as before the question was asked she was friendly.

Would i return maybe as the girls vary have seen some who provided a very good thai remedial massage and one who allowed touching for less than what Mimi was offering for a HJ. She said she works Saturdays only.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 7th November 2014, 09:24 PM
Poster ID: emcan
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Minnie

Establishment : Natasha Day Spa and Thai Massage, CASULA 66 Marsh Parade, Casula, NSW 2170 Tel: 9601 0800

Date of Visit : 17th Oct 2014 Friday

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :CASULA 66 Marsh Parade, Casula, NSW 2170 Tel: 9601 08000 

Hours of Business : 10-9

Rates : $85 for 60mins

Age : mid 20's

Size/shape : shortish but nice body, b/c cup

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Massage and HE

Value for money/recommend? : NO

My experience/comments : Went there on a Friday night because this is the only massage shop opened in the area, the first time I'm here, 2 girls on and I was assigned Minnie.  She's a young cute girl with a pretty face, the other girl also looks ok but a bit older than Minnie.

I was ushered into a very spacious room with a spa thingy in it, but I wasn't offered to use it.  There're two massage tables inside the room.

The massage started and it was quite good, typical hard thai massage which I was quite happy with, but it's $25 more than everywhere else.

On turn over I was offered the HE for extra $40!!  I asked if that's with clothes off she said no she doesn't do that, I talked it down to $30 which she accepted.  And she wanted the money upfront, I hate ML doing that...

The HE was very mechanical and only very very limited touching is allowed.  I got bored very quickly and just wanted to get off and get out of there, surprisingly all of a sudden she offered to take her clothes off for extra money however I realised I have already spent $115 for a very ordinary massage so I declined and didn't even bother to ask how much she wanted.

I will not return unless it's after 7pm when I need a massage and have no choices, while the massage was not bad but it's clearly over-priced for me, many of the Chinese places offer better value for money and services.


Floor: #8
Post Time: 6th February 2015, 10:15 AM
Poster ID: sandsifter
Post Title: 
 Natasha Day Spa and Thai Massage - 66 Marsh Pde, Casula - 02 9601 0800
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Coco

 Establishment : Natasha day spa and Thai massage

 Date of Visit : Jan 2015

 Contact Details/Address/ (02)96010800/66 Marsh Parade
Casula NSW



 Hours of Business :10am-8pm

 Rates : $85 hr oil Thai massage/Hj negotiable

 Age : 26

 Size/shape : Curvy,B cup breasts.

 Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

 Services Provided : Massage,hj

 Value for money/recommend? :Felt used,lol.

Now I've been aware of this establishment as there are a few branches  around my area(Camden,Bankstown,Cabramatta and Casula)I've seen some  reviews on them which weren't the most glowing.However always best to  find out the hard way.

I'd been trawling different forums looking for a new punt and as time  was tight wanted somewhere a little closer.I was looking for a Thai  massage with hopefully extras and found Natasha day spa. You know when  you get a possibility in your head it starts festering and you have to  get an appointment asap.Rang and booked for one hour and arrived 10 mins  early.Was greeted by a group of girls chowing into some takeaway but  all looked young and fresh.Was shown by Coco through to a room which had  two wide massage tables and large spa/shower.Very clean and  tidy.Already had a shower so stripped and got onto table ready for Coco  to return.

So Coco returns,nice tight body,lovely face and good English. As always  happens in these places get asked 'you been here before? Didn't want to  get caught out so said 'Not here but Camden and Bankstown'....'Oh when, I  work there on other days and not seen you'.....'hmmm,ages ago'......  Shit getting grilled here just get on with the massage.

I've had a few Thai massages and when they're good they're the best but  this one felt a little rushed,you know when the hand movements are twice  the normal speed.But I've had a lot worse so thought ,relax and go with  the flow.Your mind starts to imagine all the possible scenarios that  might happen in this environment which I guess adds to the excitement .

Plenty of firm massage around the top of the legs and buttocks and then  the flip over with loads of stroking up and down the legs with a gentle  nudge to each of my plums.I do wish they would just dispense of the  meaningless towel though.This went on for about 10 mins and I thought  who's going to mention the bleeding obvious first.
Anyway she did.....'You want me make you happy?....followed by the  airline steward demonstration in case I misunderstood......'How  much?........$50....... $30......'No,$50.......'NO $30 ! Okay she says  and proceeds to oil the ever willing member up.I think she was pissed  that I'd knock her down on price as the HJ was less than enthusiastic  and again a little rushed although I did get my hand on her tight little  butt which as always pushed my over the line.Quick cleanup and was  offered the shower which I took to remove all the oil that wasn't wiped  off.

Went back through to reception and paid $115 total to a sour looking  Coco.I do think girls like Coco need to learn the nature of the game so  the better the service they provide the better the rewards.Would I go  back? Probably not as it's consistent to other reviews I've read on  their other branches.Tick off and move onward and upwards.


Floor: #9
Post Time: 22nd March 2015, 08:05 PM
Poster ID: hanijo
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Eve

Establishment : Natasha day spa and Thai massage

Date of Visit : March 2015

Contact Details/Address/ (02)96010800/66 Marsh Parade
Casula NSW

Hours of Business :10am-8pm

Rates : $85 hr oil Thai massage - no extras available with her

Age : 18

Size/shape : Excellent uni student - size 6, tall with c cup

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie born Thai

Services Provided : Massage

Value for money/recommend? massive blue balls lol... read on

So I went to this place, expecting to get a good massive and a hj while I'm at it... after seeing this review I thought finally somewhere nearby. I go inside and saw the manager skinny milf thai that looked like she'd offer extras.... anyways she said she was booked out with every other girl but then Eve came to work! this chick was amazing, just left high school stunning 18 year old, tight body, ass etc and spoke perfect English - turns out she is Aussie born Thai.

Anyways she had booking for 30 mins, waited around and then went inside for the massage - booked her for 1 hour paid the money, got into the shower - waited for her to come back in the room, we started the massage good soft hands and great massage skills... anyways one thing led to another, being young myself I got her talking about her sex life, bf etc... started getting a hard on and asked her for a hj... she said no she doesn't do, she gets asked alot but is too faithful to her bf... FML, she told me clients who come everyday to see if she'd crack and finally give them a hj but she won't do it.

As much as I tired and offered (trust me even I got crazy with the money offers) she wouldn't take it but did let me touch her ass for a bit through the tight sports pants while I touched my cock (didn't let me finish either lol) as a good will offering.

At the end she did say if I wanted another girl who does the hj's but I saw some before and none looked close to her so thought nah all good.


