Floor: #1
Post Time: 11th September 2013, 07:02 PM
Poster ID: Jimmyboi84
Post Title: 
 Robyn's Massage - 20/1-15 Murray St, Camden - 02 4655 3818
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Nathan (yep, a dude, lol)

Establishment : Robyn's Massage

Date of Visit : 11/09/2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :  https://plus.google.com/108111410187...ut?gl=au&hl=en

Hours of Business : 10am - 5pm

Rates : Varies, about $70 for an hour

Services Provided : Massage

Value for money/recommend? : Sure, for a massage.

My experience/comments : 

My work has me traveling around Western Sydney lately, and I found myself in 'Historic Camden' - this little spot out past Campbelltown way by about 20 minutes, kinda looks like it's trying to a Bowral or Berry, but it's too big and smelly. Anyway, usual story, time to kill, nothing to do. Jump on the web, looking around, found this link to a 'Robyn's Massage'. Called them, heard some good signs - (a) Older, Asian sounding chick who can barely speak English, (b) tells me 'three girls working today', and (c) 1 x hour, $70. Had all the hallmarks of ye olde RnT.  

Rock up to the place and all the good signs turn shite. Should have walked away, but I figure fuck it, even a normal massage beats sitting in the car reading the paper for an hour, right? Walk in, pick from one of those massive walls of options - you know, like 'head and neck', 'back, head and neck' etc etc ... then get ushered into a clean, nice little room by an older dude who turns out to be the massage therapist. Rooms are very clean, modern, well appointed - but that's as you expect of a legit place. 

Proceed to have quite a good massage really. Guy knows his stuff, really worked out some knots in back shoulders. Couldn't complain at all, left standing more upright and solid than in years. Guy was nice and friendly. Oh and one more thing - they use a timer in this place, which I actually found to be quite cool, cause it meant I didn't have to worry about keeping an eye on the clock to make sure I was getting short-changed (as can happen). Only down side was 2 or 3 other timers went off during the hour I was there, which I could see being kind of annoying after a while. :P 

Long story short, good enough place for a legit massage. There's several people working there that have 'degrees' on the wall, so you could probably bank on being taken care of here if you have some legitimate grievance with yo body, but as always, YMMV. 

Cheers,

Jim


Floor: #2
Post Time: 8th April 2014, 08:23 AM
Poster ID: xkook1
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Yeah I went there once ages ago, I was led into the room by mamasan and I nuded up and when she came back in she starts going 'oh no no not here not here so sorry so sorry' so I got up got dressed and left lol lol, that was my experience there.


