Thread Title: Take Care Massage - 7 Chamberlain Street Campbelltown - 4628 8023
Floor: #1
Post Time: 22nd February 2017, 12:06 AM
Poster ID: sunnyboy
Post Title: 
 Take Care Massage - 7 Chamberlain Street Campbelltown - 4628 8023
				
Post Content: 
I was driving through Campbelltown a few weeks back and drove past this place. I quickly looked it up on Google and found it to be quite legit looking from the website but as we all know looks can be deceiving. It has the usual neon Open sign at the front like most R&T places so I thought it might be worth a go. I was after a proper massage anyway and if something else came up that would be a bonus.
I walked in and a young man introduced himself as Justin. I asked if any females were available for a massage? No just him. Ok then I thought, why not have a legit massage for once? $60 for the half hr was the going rate. More than my usual R&T's but quite ok for a real massage.
I was shown to a room and asked to undress. Justin came back a little later with some oils and played some soft relaxing music. 
He gave an excellent rub down. Probably the best massage I have had. Quite good around my shoulders and lower back. Covered off with the legs and I have to say I felt like floating afterwards. 
So a legit massage that was very well done and I was not disappointed. It goes to show how crappy R&T rubs can be at times too.
I plan on coming back next time when I am in the area.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 12th November 2018, 05:37 PM
Poster ID: Khadji
Post Title: 
 BBW Thai
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Emma

Establishment : Take Care Massge

Date of Visit : 12 November 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 
https://sydney.locanto.com.au/ID_241...sage-more.html

Phone : 0433 646 338

Hours of Business : 10am - Midnight

Rates : $110 30mins

Age : Early 20's

Size/shape : BBW, Curvy

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : CBJ, CFS, HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes 

My experience/comments : Was out this way and saw the place, didn't remember seeing a review so dropped in. I was met at the door by a Thai Ladyboy (Cherry) who offered a LB Massage for $100 and a lady for $110. I took the lady option and was ushered into a nice clean room with 3 large massage beds, I was told to strip down. Emma came in and she was very full figured for a Thai, also quite young, early 20's was my guess. She started what I would call I reasonable Thai massage. No real tackle tickle but some inner thigh work before the flip. As soon as I flipped I saw she was already stripped down to just her panties. I was guessing that expensive 30 min price included some Body to Body + as she started to slide and rub all over me, including using her breasts on my cock. It was only as I was working on removing her panties that she asked for an extra tip and that led straight into a Dom and a very brief CBJ before she motioned me into standing Mish. From there we moved over into standing Doggie, and then eventually off with the Dom so she could stroke my cock while I played with her pussy, eventually getting 3 fingers sliding in and out. That was enough for me to shoot. 

So an interesting place with both Ladyboys and ladies. Pricing was high but it seems like it is Massage+ but not sure on that. Of course if you are seeking the elusive BBW Asians, there is a Thai one here.  I found the Locanto advert after I had visited, it seems it aims purely at the ladyboy side.


