Thread Title: Utimate Relaxation - Ingleburn - 02 9829 4654
Floor: #1
Post Time: 1st June 2019, 05:19 PM
Poster ID: Haz2019
Post Title: 
 Utimate Relaxation - Ingleburn - 02 9829 4654
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Tara

Establishment : Ultimate Relaxation Ingleburn

Date of Visit : 1 jun 2019 

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 31 Stanley Road, Ingleburn. 

Phone : 9829 4654

Hours of Business : 10 - 9pm

Rates : $120, 30 mins

Age : late 20s or early 30s

Size/shape : 10, C cups bolts on

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : FS

Value for money/recommend? : No for me

My experience/comments
Not my cup of tea but probably gorgeous and sexy for someone else.
Finished work at 3 and I usually go to my regular massage place around the station. 
However today had diferrent idea and feeling a bit adventurous. Have been wanting to try this fuck place just opposite the station so today I decided to pop in. An Aussie lady opened the door and said there was only one girl available and ushered me to the lounge room and called the girl. Came Tara a Thai chick, quite tall and fairly slim with fake size C tits. Face wise is okay...not a fan of tan exotic girl especially with fake boobs. She does look like a bit Spanish though maybe she did some work on her nose. She also has a small Tatts on her left shoulder. Anyway, I should have made my run and walked out....however my dick did the thinking So I opted for 30mins. Handed over my hardworking cash and she led me to the back room. The room looks like a cheap motel...a bit dark and smelled a bit funny...later on I'll tell you why..
A bit cranky pants but the girl tried to make conversation and I politely answered. She asked me to undress and to my amusement my lil Johny was standing up like a fucking rockstar. I was like...F me dead this cock just never give up!!!
She asked me to lay down and started to kiss around my neck and nipple....I was such an arse after only 2 minutes and I said to her lets just fuck! 
So she grabbed the rubber and Dom me in. Gave me cbj and not to my liking it was a bit teethy..then I asked her to lay down so I can fuck her.....just want this to be over and move on. However I still remember to play a nurse and inspected her pussy so I can at least do some report. Surprisingly her pussy is so tiny....I was even quite sceptical if this is actually real or a man made...so closer inspection required. It is real and that hole is actually only a size of 1 finger. So to continue, she put on some lubes on my dick and I started pushing....I was expecting that tiny hole to suffocating my bad lil Jonny....in contrarily it doesn't...either its self expanding or too much lubes used.
Fucked her for 10 mins and was quite bored plus the smell of her perfume is making me sick. So I asked for a doggie....she turned around and lifted one leg up the message table and apply some more lubes. Then I fucked her again for around 10 mins....it is quite awkward scene...no sound from her or me and all there is only clapping hands noise. I felt sorry for the girl as it wasn't her fault...it was me that just don't click. Lil Jonny in all his glory are still rocking hard and refuses to blow. I just can't take it anymore so I dropped and asked for a HJ. I told her to jerk me while standing up in the speed of light. Finally it's over fairly quick...I blowed all over the carpet floor...now This probably explained the smell lol...I ran to the shower and washed, dressed and left. Sorry it's not an appealing review...the girl is probably hot just definitely not for me.
now I'm off to take my heavy shower to get rid that stinky perfume.
Will I come back? No..this never happened!!
-Hazy-


