Thread Title: (Australian) Olivia - Canberra (north side) - 0435 899 862
Floor: #1
Post Time: 5th September 2015, 09:14 PM
Poster ID: Lustvader
Post Title: 
 (Australian) Olivia - Canberra (north side) - 0435 899 862
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Olivia

Establishment : private

Date of Visit : July 2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0435 899 862 | CT & b/p ads + E&B profile 

Hours of Business : unknown

Rates : $230/45mins ($180/30mins, $280/hr)

Age : 30-ish

Size/shape : slim, size 7, B/C cup

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : FS

Value for money/recommend? : Not really

My experience/comments : I'd noticed Olivia's ads in the usual media and was quite taken by her photos and description, so decided to take her for a spin, not having tried anyone new for a while.  She told me she was visiting from the Gold Coast for a few months and had worked here previously.

I'd been to the apartment complex where Olivia was staying to see another local WL last year, and like then, used the wrong entrance initially.  I also got trapped in the lift briefly due to the tricky access control arrangements but managed to escape before too long.  Maybe it was an omen. 

Anyway, I finally made it to Olivia's flat and began to regret my decision.  She looked OK, if a little thin for my taste, but appeared a bit skittish when we were naked.  I wondered if she may have snorted something or popped a pill or whatever before the booking.  Or she could just have been the nervous type with a strange man in her bed.  She was friendly enough but not quite at ease and as a result I found it difficult to relax too.

Foreplay was a bit strained -- to be honest, she seemed slightly surprised there was any foreplay -- and Olivia appeared keen to get to the intercourse part, not because she was super horny, more like she wanted it to be over ASAP.  I tried settling her down by kissing her neck, caressing her body, kneading her breasts, etc. which seemed to have some effect gradually but she never really got into it.

Her CBJ was all right, nothing special, but perhaps a little rushed as well.  Still, when I entered her in missionary, I was pretty turned on and pumped her lustily.  She seemed to like this part and was quite good at controlling the tempo, her legs resting on my shoulders and her hands running over my chest.  Somewhat unexpectedly, given the so-so start, I felt myself rapidly approaching the brink and decided to go with it rather than hold back for another position or two.  After my climax, Olivia finally appeared to relax slightly and was noticeably more chipper and smiley.

She gave me a decent back rub and we chatted comfortably, then I rinsed off in the shower (which could have used a good scrub) and left.  Olivia was nice enough but we just didn't click and her nerves or whatnot made it a tad uncomfortable for me too since I didn't want to be the source of her discomfort, though she seemed cool later in the session.  So no major regrets but a one-off for me.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 25th April 2016, 08:26 PM
Poster ID: DocEagle
Post Title: 
 Olivia - Canberra, ACT - 0435899862
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Olivia

 Establishment: Private

 Date of Visit: March 2016

 Contact Details/Address/Weblink: 0435899862

 Hours of Business: Contact provider for details

 Rates: $280

 Age: 29

 Size/shape: Slim

 Nationality or Ethnicity: Caucasian

 Services Provided: Full Service

 Value for money/recommend?: Good value, recommend for those seeking FS with a toned and tight Caucasian minus the GFE

 My experience/comments:

Olivia had sent clear directions to her apartment ahead of time, and I had no trouble finding it. She answered the door with a smile and came across as friendly and down-to-earth from the moment we met. A tall brunette, she has the body of a long distance runner and is fully shaved/waxed. Some small chat while I got in the shower, then some more when I got out.

We began with a back rub. After a while, she told me to roll over and began servicing me with her hand until I got hard. Onto a CBJ, which was good. She got on top for cowgirl to begin with, then we switched over for missionary. She was making all the right noises, which encouraged me to increase the tempo. We changed over to doggy for some time, our profiles painting a great picture in the mirror. Then she got me to lay down again, using her hands to get me over the line.

After cleaning up, we sat and chatted for a while. She gave me another back rub, then it was in the shower and time to bid goodbye.

Overall, I thought Olivia was good value for money. She has a really toned body and warm personality. If you don't mind the lack of GFE-orientated services like kissing, then she's a good choice.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 23rd August 2016, 02:35 PM
Poster ID: happyboxer
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Olivia

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : Aug 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Aussie hottie- tall and toned. Canberra 0422 13 64 15 - Canberra escorts - cracker.com.au

Hours of Business : 8am-10pm / 7 days a week

Rates : $300 / hour

Age : late 20's

Size/shape : Slim, Athletic

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie / European

Services Provided : FS

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : 

Back from a punting hiatus, here is a review of my experience with Olivia 'Tall, Toned and Sweet' - 

Decided to take the punt after reading the reviews and felt like the flavour of a tall toned brunette. Booking was easy and Olivia got back to me within half an hour of texting with a full description of herself and her service. Happy B was on the way to her apartment less than an hour later. Oh, the thrill of the punt and of the unknown. I have to admit I miss this and it was quite exciting. Her apartment is close to the inner city in Canberra, she works there with her friend apparently, I have a feeling it could be the other WL that advertises as Kayla 'Fit Australian Brunette'. They seem to be very similar... Actually very keen to try out Kayla as well!.. Maybe another time. Ok back to the review...

The girl the answered the door was sweet, enthusiastic and accommodating. Finances and shower out of the way, her attitude was very horny and upbeat. Awesome  Body is exactly like in the Cracker ad but not as tanned. Face is attractive and Mediterranean looking. Chick grew up in the Gold Coast apparently and full Aussie. She has some small tats. Her body smooth as silk and smelling very pleasant. 

The action: Started with some light touches, then undressing. Didn't kiss throughout the whole session but that's fine with me. She wanted to get into it straight away, rubbered up and started with some oral, got super hard and ready 8) A bit of lube then slid inside to start on missionary. Fucking her was spectacular and she was very receptive. Went through a lot of the positions during the course of the session, loved her riding in both cowgirl and reverse. Wide open legs transition from reverse cowgirl to buck her back porno style while grabbing and spreading under her thighs while plunging. Spectacular. Session went quite intensely until the final climax. Well worth the time and money  A bit of a massage in the end and a chit chat. 

Olivia is a pretty cool chick, down to earth and very professional, she loves being a slut and getting paid for it. Nothing mind blowing but a good sex buddy experience. 

Service 7.5-8/10 
Looks 7.5/10
Overall experience 7.5/10


Floor: #4
Post Time: 8th March 2017, 05:19 PM
Poster ID: drifter2914
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Olivia

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : March 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Aussie hottie- OLIVIA. Canberra 0422 13 64 15 - Canberra escorts - cracker.com.au

Hours of Business : 8am-10pm / 7 days a week

Rates : $150 for 15 mins ------ $200 for half an hour.
300 for an hour ------- or $500 for two hours.

Age : 29

Size/shape : "dress size is 6-8, I stand 175cm tall and weigh around 54 kilos, c cup natural pert bust, toned and trim sexy body with silky soft skin, medium length dark hair and adorable green eyes"

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : fully inclusive unrushed service (massage,hand relief, oral and sex)

Value for money/recommend? : Not for me - YMMV

My experience/comments : I had seen Olivias advertisements on Cracker for a while and thought it was time I had a play...  Booking was easy. She has parking on the premises but I was driving the old truck which is tall and has a terrible turning circle so I parked on the street a block away and walked... Just as well - the parking is under the building in a very hard to get spot.

Up in the lift and met at the door - she is a beautiful young woman. Nice dog, too. 

Into the room and she is chattering away - it's a friends apartment she says and she gets full use of it... Money sorted and in for a shower in the ensuite. I believe there is only the one shower in the apartment as it had a lot of 'female' shampoo and body rub and cloths and, and, and... and the walls and floor of the shower and the floormat were still wet and the hot was instantly hot so I wasn't far behind my predecessor...

Out onto the bed and the chatter continued but, for me, the service was very 'mechanical' and not at all spontaneous. Time to hug, time to rub, dom on, time to suck (and lick - 69), time for FS. Lie it was scripted.

I am only a one shot guy these days and when I blew at the 30 minute mark it was practically over - a bit of a massage - a shower - an exit...

I am not a young man - and I am not a good looking man and I realise that all people are not the same. We just didn't 'click'. I won't return but that's just me - as I said above - YMMV


