Thread Title: A Trio of delights.
Floor: #1
Post Time: 7th July 2015, 09:54 PM
Poster ID: zigzag
Post Title: 
 A Trio of delights.
				
Post Content: 
I had a day off work and a win on the GG's and feeling lucky and horny i thought i would treat myself.
Phoned Suzie in macgregor and booked an hour massage for 11am. I have been seein suze for about 3 or 4 years and we are pretty comfortable with each other so i asked her to wear her red top. I think she looks stunning in red and i had told her so last time she was wearing that top. I popped a blue one and arrived at the appointed time and went into the room. As promised she was in red and black leggings.
Stripped and on the table and she does her usual sexy massage. After a few minutes she reaches under and starts massaging my balls and cock and crack. This goes on for ages before i turn over with a boner.
She oils me up and proceeds to provide a really sexy hand job while i touch her up, feeling her bum and tits. Not long before i shoot my load.
I booked an hour with Melissa at nungawal at 4pm and park in her drive and met at the door. She is wearing a little black dress and her trademark glasses.
Give her the cash and jump on the table in the lounge room.
She returns naked and proceeds with a back massage and body slide. She uses her pussy well on my back. Turn over and before i know it she is between my legs with my cock in her mouth. She sucks well and i let her go wild. Soon she produces the dom and she is riding my cock like a mad women.
I can feel the urge so i get her to stop abd suck more and i fill her mouth with spunk which she swallows.
Short rest and im off with a complementary bottle of water.
I booked Samantha in kingston for 30 minutes at 9pm
She is beautifully dressed in stockings and corset and heels 
30 minutes of pure indulgence 
What great day


Floor: #2
Post Time: 8th July 2015, 06:07 PM
Poster ID: Snapper79
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
You're a machine Zig. Pity all three couldn't be done with Susie.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 8th July 2015, 09:08 PM
Poster ID: zigzag
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
[QoUOTE=Snapper79;188540]You're a machine Zig. Pity all three couldn't be done with Susie.[/QUOTE]
That was a great day. Susie? Who do ya mean


Floor: #4
Post Time: 8th July 2015, 10:23 PM
Poster ID: Snapper79
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Wrong spelling on my part... Suzie the 'masseuse'. Had the pleasure of Mel and her occasional partner in crime. Haven't sampled Sam however.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 9th July 2015, 11:28 PM
Poster ID: lofty14u
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Ha ha, what a great day by the sounds of it, lucky you popped the blue pill before all that action!


