Thread Title: Aanie's Friends - Canberra - 0424 184 418
Floor: #1
Post Time: 30th November 2013, 11:41 AM
Poster ID: UN Official
Post Title: 
 Aanie's Friends - Canberra - 0424 184 418
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jane

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 28/11/2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0449 079 661

Hours of Business : Not sure

Rates : FS $200

Age : Early - Mid 30s

Size/shape : Slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : FS with BJ with Dome, BBBJ - $30...nothing else!

Value for money/recommend? : No...unless she's the option you have!

Wanted to see Aanie, she had her snatch fully booked!

Told me to try Jane, went there, met her, not bad, ok body, starting to show its age and wear n tear!

Didn't offer a shower, didn't offer massage, ran her fingers over me to get me hard as not much else was doing it for me!

Started to put a dome on me and I said no, she said $30 for BBBJ, I said right'o! not impressed, had paid for an hour as it was.

We started 69ing, she tasted a bit unclean, expected her to wash it before we got started!

She has cute tatts on her tummy and shoulder. Face is ok.

nice little boobs but a bit saggy now.

Anyway, the BJ was crap, the sex was crap, she tried a hopeless hand-job that was more like she was grating carrot for a salad!!!

I got the shits and did it my self, made her sit next to me shoving fingers into her holes I till I shot my load.

She jumps up and has a shower and thats it!.....???

Still more than 25mins left on the bloody clock!!

Fxck this I thought...then she puts her hand out for the $30!!!

Told her I pay 1 hr get 30 mins, no way $30!!

She gets the shits, so i left.

Never again!!


Floor: #2
Post Time: 30th November 2013, 03:39 PM
Poster ID: lofty14u
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Good on you UN for standing your ground on the 30mins. Some of these women need a lesson in customer service eh?


Floor: #3
Post Time: 1st December 2013, 10:00 AM
Poster ID: jd316
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Sorry to hear about the bad experience UN. Annie is a favourite lady of mine but I never seen any of her offsiders. Jane is on my list of WL s to be avoided.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 3rd January 2014, 01:51 AM
Poster ID: abort1975
Post Title: 
 Aanie's Friends - Canberra - 0424 184 418
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Suzie (if I remember correctly)

Establishment : Glebe Park Apartments

Date of Visit : 2/01/2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0424 184 418

Hours of Business : Not sure

Rates : 1 hour $200

Age : Late 20s/ Early 30s

Size/shape : Slim aroound 160cm

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian

Services Provided : FS

Value for money/recommend? : Very mixed

My experience/comments : I've visited Annie a few times and for what you pay you get a fair share of return. Called her up asked if I could see her at a certain time but said she isnt free but I could try out one of her friends. At the point it is a hit and miss (mostly a miss) but I was in the mood so had to say yes. Went to the place and was greeted by a slim lady, easy on the eyes. Decided to stay and went into the room. After the exchange of money and shower was out of the way went into the bedroom to wait for the girl. After she appeared went straight into business.

I did ask Annie before I booked if Suzie does kissing and I was told yes. Much to my surprise, when the time came I was disappointed to find out Suzie was not accommodating to kissing on the lips. So after a few tries I decided to play with her breasts while she put on the dom for some cbj. Again this was a disappointment. She even gagged and had a sick look on her face after a few seconds so not sure if its her thing. Anyway at this point in time I thought I had punted on a dud (no surprise in Canberra) again but after I moved in for some mish she surprisingly enjoyed it to the point where she came (unless she gave an amazing performance). This is where things got a little better as she seemed to be more enthusiastic. After the first one was out of the way she helped me clean up and decided to put on a dom straight away for round 2. After a few tries in different positions she pulled me in to the same position where I seemed to hit the right button the first time and plowed away till the end.

Again I had really mixed feelings leaving the place. In one hand I was disappointed in the beginning with a few things that didn't go the way I planned but by the end I felt like I did get a decent service (or great performance). Should say YMMV so it will probably be a hit and miss with this girl. In all honesty I wouldn't recommend as people might be turned off by the time the real action starts.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 23rd January 2014, 04:39 PM
Poster ID: johnzan
Post Title: 
 May (Aanie crew) - Canberra City - 0449 079 661 / 0410 330 550
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : May

Establishment : 15 Coranderrk St. CBD Glebe Park apartment behind CASINO

Date of Visit : 20/12/2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0424 184 418  Aanie (Annie) and her friends - Asian escorts in Canberra

Hours of Business : normally till midnight

Rates : $160 one hour massage/hand job

Age : 25+

Size/shape : looks like C cup slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Singapore

Services Provided : HJ BJ 69 Make Love 

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : First the place is easy to find just behind the Canberra Casino. I found this this place on canberra times and made phone calls to them. Since I am a Chinese, I am also looking for Chinese massage. In their ads said Aanie and her friends provide massage and full service. However, on that day, only May from Singapore was available. And the receptionist said May is an ethnic Chinese who hold Singapore passport. So I tried her service with one hour massage of $160. For my experience I would say her massage skill is good. However, her skin looks a little bit dark, and of course, she is short. As I am almost 190cm, she looks below 160cm. That is not good. Her sex skill is awesome which gives me a high climax with her magic hand. 

After the service, the receptionist called me to ask whether the service is good or not(I guess she called me only because I am Chinese, same as her LOL ). Well I said it was good. She told me that the boss which is Aanie is not around at that time. If I am interested in, she may arrange for me when Aanie is back. I certainly can't reject the best girl in their place and said yes. At last she gave me their website which is Aanie (Annie) and her friends - Asian escorts in Canberra.  So I started browsing their website immediately. After seeing Aanie's picture, I cannot wait to try her service. I will tell you guys about Aanie and her service next time~~


Floor: #6
Post Time: 22nd February 2014, 09:35 PM
Poster ID: UN Official
Post Title: 
 Co Co (Aanies Crew) - City Centre - 0410 330 550
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Co Co

Establishment : Private working Lady, Massage Lady - Large Apartment block near casino

Date of Visit : 22/02/2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Aanie (Annie) and her friends - Asian escorts in Canberra

Hours of Business : 9am til late

Rates : $300 / hour FS, BJ, HJ, 69

Age : 50ish

Size/shape : 6-8 has a bit of a tummy not too much, nice white skin, pretty nice boobs, C Cup, great nipples, pussy is starting to develop 'mud flaps'

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chynaah!!

Services Provided :Basically did it all

Value for money/recommend? : sort of .. she did a good job I guess.

My experience/comments :

Messaged Aanie, she was in Sydney, told me to contact May, had fucked her a few times, she goes off and loves it hard too.

Oky doky, txt'd May she said yep come on over.

Arrived, big kisses, led to room, sat down..."ooh sorry baby, I not feel good, cannot see me today"...WTF???..."you see my friend CoCo"

Whats up with you I asked?

She pointed to her now very large titts and said "I have operation and cant fuck you today, still very sore"

ooh well...no point asking for a medical certificate, its pretty obvious she's only good for a HJ and not much else!!

So, I wait for CoCo to come in, few minutes pass.

Door knocks, in comes CoCo...immediately I'm flaccid upon laying eyes on her....fuck me I think...coming here is like buying a fucken $2 scratchie from the news agents...you always know its never going to be a jackpot!!

After some bartering and haggling we worked out I could have FS for $200, then with a sucking on a banana motion, we established I could have a BBBJ for $30 more!..

She motions for shower, I go wash, having just showered 10 mins earlier...but what the hell...if it means we get this over with, I'm ok.

Finish shower, lay on bed...she starts a pretty decent BBBJ.

Then she stops, climbs on top and squats down and then sort of grinds back n forth and does a little bounce...apparently I'm meant to spring into action from underneath and try n launch her into the ceiling fan!!

We fumble about and she rocks back n forth and squats and wriggles and I'm thinking why the fuck can I never just get 3 out of 3 on a scratchie in this place!!!

I stop...climb out from under her, turn her around and spread her ass wide, opening up her pussy...mmmm....what a tired old sea urchin this is I think as I look down!

I spread her knees, push her down and glide on in...not bad...feels ok...not the moss covered train tunnel I expected!

I start to hammer away, she's mumbling something in muffled tones into the pillow...no idea!...bash bash bash bash bash bash...hang on...fuck me...I'm gonna blow???...WTF!!!...I normally take ages...how good is this!!....

I speed up to masonry hammer drill setting...POP!!!...wow...this old bird isn't bad!!...tissues start flying everywhere like a waterbed had sprung a leak!!

She darts off to the shower in the en suite, in the dark...I'm laying there feeling a fucken hero!!!

I wash, dress and head for the door...kisses from her and May along with a handfull of spearmint lollies...love those things...maybe that's what keeps making me come back??

Oooh well...another forgettable hour has past.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 7th March 2014, 02:52 PM
Poster ID: Snapper79
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I always found that Annie's crew was a strange bunch. A hit and miss sort of thing. You can find a lot better quality elsewhere at a lower cost... and some negotiation. T


Floor: #8
Post Time: 7th March 2014, 04:08 PM
Poster ID: bush ranger
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Snapper, who did you find the best? And who missed the boat


Floor: #9
Post Time: 7th March 2014, 04:15 PM
Poster ID: Snapper79
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Probably one of the best I had in the ACT was Nicole. $70 for a quickie (besides, you're just there for your pleasure) including BBBJ, FS and Anal. Pity she's not around. Must have gone back to Thailand.


Floor: #10
Post Time: 8th March 2014, 10:37 AM
Poster ID: bush ranger
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
$70 for FS+Anal now that's a good price


Floor: #11
Post Time: 11th March 2014, 05:00 PM
Poster ID: lofty14u
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by Snapper79


Probably one of the best I had in the ACT was Nicole. $70 for a quickie (besides, you're just there for your pleasure) including BBBJ, FS and Anal. Pity she's not around. Must have gone back to Thailand
"""



Where was her review snapper? That would have sparked my interest for sure!


Floor: #12
Post Time: 11th March 2014, 06:01 PM
Poster ID: Snapper79
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Nicole

Establishment : Private location

Date of Visit : 15/12/13

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0420 495 569

Hours of Business : Call to find out

Rates : $100 1/2hr, $70 quickie

Age : Early – mid 20’s – hard to tell really

Size/shape : B cup, slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : BBBJ, DATY, FS, Anal, CIM

Value for money/recommend? : Hell yes!

My experience/comments :

Decided to go for a try and got suggested to this girl – straight and to the point. Grabs me through my pants and unzips me… and straight into a BBBJ. Does that for a few mins then disrobes me and her.

Lubes herself up before putting a condom on me... starts off missionary style then I suggest her on top. Moans a little bit and we try doggy as well. I start playing with her ass and she allows a finger in. Usually girls charge extra for anal but she doesn’t. I generously put some lube on the old fella then go for it.

Pump her for a little longer and the rush comes... I pull out and empty myself into her mouth.

Though this time was a quickie, it was enough for me. I’d definitely go back for another time. F**king, plain and simple.


Floor: #13
Post Time: 16th October 2014, 12:05 PM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
We are using Annie's spelling from her web page, the existing thread (solo work) and her CT ad,





			
				? AANIE’S CLASSY ? Guarantee top service, no rush. Chinese doll, young, slim, busty, sz 6. Happy come & leave. Dbls/in/out. 0449 079 661. Website
15/10/2014  -  X - ADULT SERVICES
			
		


Annie is her name but she uses this spelling to get on top (so to speak) of the classified ad list.


Floor: #14
Post Time: 14th August 2015, 11:31 AM
Poster ID: mstewart
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I had a 30min double with a couple of Annie's girls a year ago. Cheap at $200 for a double, both young chinese girls. One very pretty. The other average. Neither were Annie from what I have since read.

Had one blowing me off covered and the other shoving her fingers up my arse. Came in the pretty ones mouth. A highly recommended experience.


