Floor: #1
Post Time: 23rd March 2012, 11:41 PM
Poster ID: antares01
Post Title: 
 Adele/Abbey - Reid - 0426 196 564
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Adele

Establishment : Private Serviced Apartments in Canberra

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: 0426 196 566

Hours of Business: Not known

Rates: $200 - 1 Hour FS

Age: Mid 30's

Size/shape: Plump, I guess 12 maybe 14

Nationality or Ethnicity: Aussie

Services Provided: RnT or FS GFE

Value for money/recommend?: For me YES, I will be going back

My experience/comments: 

I have not visited Adele previously.  I opted for the FS option with RnT being offered for I think $160 or 170/hr, I didn't get the 30 min rate.  I found Adele a very pleasant, easy to talk with lady.  She told me she visits Canberra for one week per month.  For $200 I spent a lovely one hour GFE with Adele, lots of cuddling, kissing, mutual oral, B2B massage and FS.  Adele is very easy to talk with and if you are looking for an relaxing interlude with a woman who knows how to please I suggest you could do a lot worse that Adele.

Keep and eye on the Canberra Times for when she is in Canberra.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 1st June 2012, 10:54 AM
Poster ID: philibuster
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Adele

Establishment : Private Serviced Apartments in Reid

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: 0426 196 564

Hours of Business: Flexible

Rates: $240 - 1 Hour FS

Age: Mid 40s

Size/shape: 16

Nationality or Ethnicity: Aussie

Services Provided: RnT or FS GFE

Value for money/recommend?: Nice woman, good sex.

My experience/comments:

Went and saw Adele on spec. She's a really nice vivacious woman, very open and straight up and good to spend some time with. She has a few piercings: nipple, clitoris and labia, DD breasts. She is a larger woman, size 16 (antares might have had his glasses on back to front) which is a bit bigger than my usual preference and I'd say mid-40s since she married very young and has kids the eldest of which is late 20s.

She enjoyed plenty of oral from me, gives not a bad CBJ and got right into sex in various positions. We caught our breath with a really good chat and I left fairly well satisfied.

Noted price increase to $240/hr FS. RnT is 180/hr. Also the phone number in this post is the correct one. Don't call the one ending in 566 above.

Adele is from Melbourne and comes to Canberra the last week of each month.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 19th December 2014, 07:11 AM
Poster ID: zigzag
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Any one seen her recently . She is advertising and sent me a photo by sms. Looks not bad, price not bad, location easy to get to in a lunch hour, but any recent intel?


Floor: #4
Post Time: 19th December 2014, 07:22 AM
Poster ID: Lustvader
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
FWIW, I wasn't impressed by her RnT service as 'Abbey' a few months ago: http://auxxxreviews.com/forum/f125/a...60/#post154955. For $10 more than American Sarah/Natasha, I got 15 minutes less and a 'massage' barely worth the name (though she does allow much more boob play/sucking and also kissing, which is off-limits with Sarah).  YMMV as always though.

Cannot comment on her FS offering -- have no intention to try.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 22nd January 2016, 01:10 PM
Poster ID: csw
Post Title: 
 Abbey Rude - Braddon ACT - 0426 196 564
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Abbey Rude

Establishment : Escorts Place

Date of Visit : Jan 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0426 196 564


Hours of Business : 9am-12am

Rates : $120 Half, $220Hr

Age : 40-45

Size/shape : Curvy

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : FS,Massage, BJ, DATY,

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My meeting for the day was delayed for  1.5hours so with nothing else to do I made a quick phone call to abbey.  The call was purely based on her rates, I was looking for cheap so I wasn't expecting anything hi quality.

Abbey was easy to talk to and I had no trouble contacting her and making a booking.

I was pleasantly surprised when Abbey opened the door, she is an older curvy woman but was presented well and had an appeal about her.  Usual formalities out of the way and she encourage me to lay down on the bed and she oiled em up for a massage which moved on to body slide.

I was keen to get involved so I reached back started some pussy play on her and she became more and more responsive.  Gradually she took control and after a bit of mutual oral, missionary, cowgirl and then doggy.  I found myself trying to keep up with her demands to grab her and fuck her without blowing to early.

A couple of orgasms later for her I couldn't hold on to mine any longer and we both ended up smiling to ourselves and sitting on the bed short of breath.

All in all this was one of the better punts Ive had.  Maybe because my expectations were low I was pleasantly surprised.  She travels to Canberra once a month so I will definitely keep her on my list for the cheap quickie option in future,  Money well spent.

Abbey travels from Melbourne to Canberra. Two weeks in Canberra then Two weeks in Melbourne.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 26th February 2016, 05:31 PM
Poster ID: Ricky Bobby
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Abbey Rude

Establishment : Incall at her place in Braddon

Date of Visit : Feb 16

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0426 196 564 and advertises reg on Cracker

Hours of Business : until late, my visit about 9.30pm

Rates : 120 half fs and 220 hr fs does offer massage only option

Age : My best guess would be mid late 40's.

Size/shape : She informed me she was difficult to buy clothes for as she was a 10-12 bottom half but sometimes up to an 18 in the boobage area.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aus

Services Provided : FS, CBJ and Daty

Value for money/recommend? : yes

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

My first punt in some time and I had noticed this lady had been advertising regularly in the ACT. She met all my criteria so I invested in a 30 min FS to see what she was like. First impression is that she is very casual and relaxed. Even if you didn't rate her body or looks it would be hard not to like her. Service started with a light massage. Progressed to cbj which was pleasant. She proceeded to climb up on top for a ride. Even though the room is air conditioned, it has been ridiculously hot here in the ACT so efforts from both of us were slow and gentle. After about 10 minutes of her on top, we switched with me going on top. I was self conscious of not dripping sweat all over her so kept a hand towel close. I asked her to give me some of her best dirty talk and she didn't let me down. After filling the attached latex device we had a brief chat and she let me play with her pup (a real pup!). A gorgeous little staffy. The fact she is a dog person gives her an extra star in my books! We both agreed that dogs are great judge of character and she is relieved when her dog greets a client with a wagging tail instead of a growl.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 26th February 2016, 05:54 PM
Poster ID: WOTAN01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Ricky Bobby good to see you reviewing after such a long absence, please keep them coming now


Floor: #8
Post Time: 27th February 2016, 04:50 PM
Poster ID: zigzag
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Abbey Rude

Establishment : Incall at her place in Braddon

Date of Visit : Feb 16

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0426 196 564 and advertises reg on Cracker

Hours of Business : until late, my visit about 2pm

Rates : 80 30 min massage

Age :  mid late 40's.

Size/shape : sort of robust

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aus

Services Provided : FS, CBJ and Daty - I went for R&T

Value for money/recommend? : No way

I thought I would try a a new massage mature private and picked Abbey mainly because of her photos on cracker. The photos are real and she is a friendly lady with reasonable body and nice large boobs
However, short back massage followed by a quick remote hand job. I was told off for trying to touch. She was naked however and did a bit of a body slide on the back. 
Overall, I thought I wasted $80 - but hey you never know when you can find a speck of gold in the sand

will stick with Suzie in Macgregor for now.

enjoy what you find.


Floor: #9
Post Time: 6th March 2016, 10:54 PM
Poster ID: macca431
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Abby 

Establishment : in call in Braddon

Date of Visit : March 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0426 196 564 advertises on cracker Abby 37here to please tease and satisfy you - Australia escorts - cracker.com.au

Hours of Business : unsure here in Canberra for a week at a time

Rates : RnT 30min $80 60min $160
FS $250 hr

Age : ad says 37 but probably 40-45

Size/shape : curvy, 14 with large tits

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie 

Services Provided : Rnt, FS

Value for money/recommend? : probably not - didn't see Zig zag review previously

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

Had some time last week to kill so thought I would give Abby a try. Close location to work also so that was a bonus. Called her and was able to organise an hour fairly quickly. She was sexy on the phone and happy to talk. Organised 60min FS
I arrived at the location and was greeted by her in lingerie. She asked if she was what I was expecting giving me the option if I wasn't satisfied that I could go. IMO she had and average look but fantastic tits. I was there and thought what the hell, TOfTT lol
Started with a shower and came back into the room where we got down to business with a brief massage that was so/so followed by CBJ which wasn't that bad with a bit of tackle play at the same time. Felt like I was getting close so suggested so DATY which she accommodated and seem to be really enjoying. I think she was getting close so decided it was time for some sex. After the Dom went on, Started in cowgirl for a while before switching to doggie for the final 'blow'. Some cuddling and chat at the end prior to shower and goodbye. 
Overall not the worst experience I have had but It was a bit mechanical and at times slightly awkward. Not sure if she had other things going on. Looks like from previous reviews YMMV Anyway, tried, bought and reviewed. Good luck....


