Thread Title: Ally - Canberra - 0405 278 194
Floor: #1
Post Time: 6th May 2015, 08:29 AM
Poster ID: IronManii
Post Title: 
 Ally - Canberra - 0405 278 194
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Ally

Establishment : Avenue Hotel Northbourne

Date of Visit : 27 April 2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Hot Sexy Cougar In City Hotel Offering Day Time Special. See me for a Quickie - Ally - Canberra escorts - backpage.com 

Hours of Business : Saw her in morning

Rates : $200 half

Age : Ad states 40 but probably closer to 50

Size/shape : slim size 8, great body, DD's

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : Full, BBBJ, DFK

Value for money/recommend? : Yes however doubt I will go back.

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

Arrived at hotel and had to meet downstairs as key card access is required, not a good start. She apologized as not too private and she was restricted in what she could wear.  Went up together in lift with hotel staff and then off to room. She is older than stated in ad and def older than in pics however she must have been a stunner back in the day. Undressed and quickly started with lots of DFK, onto BBBJ both were amazing and she def gets into the session. On with the dom, great sex in multiple positions. Only downside was she was a little dry and did not see her use any lube, she kept using her hand while I was at it and once finished noticed the seal was broken. She assured me she is regularly tested and is safe


Floor: #2
Post Time: 6th May 2015, 08:43 AM
Poster ID: Lustvader
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
'the seal was broken' -- you mean the condom broke??  

If so, I assume you will get yourself checked ASAP if not done already.  I wouldn't rely on her assurances, and anyway, who knows how many punters she's serviced since her last check.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 6th May 2015, 09:43 AM
Poster ID: nextlif
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Ally's BP ad....




			
				I have just recently arrived in Canberra and I can't wait to meet you all. 

I am a genuinely warm, playful and easy going lady who likes to offer a sensual and erotic experience - one that will leave you with a smile on your face, long after I have said goodbye. 

Now to tell you about me, I have long blonde hair accompanied with a light tanned complexion. I have a slim figure with a DD size bust. 

I'm In Canberra till Thursday staying in the City, at a Discrete Hotel with lots of Parking.

I charge the following: - All Inclusive
30 Minute Quickie $200
60 Minute Full Service $300

Call me for a Naughty Lunch Time Quickie.
My Price includes Full Service, Massage, Oral on you and Lots of Kissing

Ally xxxx
Call or Text Now 0405 278 194
Poster's age: 40

• Location: Canberra, Canberra CBD


