Thread Title: Amy - Canberra (Reid) - 0432 813 337
Floor: #1
Post Time: 13th January 2016, 02:10 PM
Poster ID: Megamaid
Post Title: 
 Amy - Canberra (Reid) - 0432 813 337
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Amy (here for 1 week only, leaves this saturday)

Establishment : Private Apartment - Reid

Date of Visit : 13/01

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :  0432 813 337
0432813337 escort reviews ADs pictures - 0432-813-337 - Canberra escorts
New Amy!!! Classy Asian girl with tan skin in Town!! 0432813337 - Canberra escorts - cracker.com.au

ignore the pics, her back is covered in tats, but she does have a similar shape.

Hours of Business : 9am- late

Rates :
*** Price for massage 
30 mins = 80
45 mins = 110
60 mins = 130

*** Price for full service
30 mins = 120
45 mins = 150
60 mins = 180

Age : mid 20s

Size/shape : short size 6 with D bolt ons. Not overly well done (they look like a set you'd see on the front of a novelty apron), long brown coloured hair

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : massage, CBJ, FS

Value for money/recommend? : yeah... don't pay for the hour though.

My experience/comments :
back in the nation's capitol and horny as fk. Attempted twice in two days to book a RnT at Chinese Point Massage in woden. but then Uber (and possibly jesus may have had something to do with it) offered me two free rides on my as yet unused Uber app. Ok! Into the freelancers we go.

Found this girl without a review yet and figured I'd TOFTT. A few texts later and i'm in the front of an Uber on my way to the Argyle apartments. Bit of waiting out the front before Amy is ready to give me the unit number and then i'm in.

Initial impressions are ok, her face is quite covered in acne. but she looks the goods in her dressing gown and she seems fairly young, i'd guess at mid-20s. Asks how long, i say an hour, and then asks for $180. I get half undressed waiting for her to come back, which she does with the towel and then shows me to the shower. This really is someones apartment. After the shower she shows me back into the room then retreats for a few minutes to get my change and shower herself. On returning I'm instructed to lie on the bed and the massage starts. She's just in a towel and she's covered in tats, clearly not the girl in the photos. Bit of a shame because i'm not much of a tat fan.

Massage time,  pretty mediocre actually. fortunately no oil is used though. We get talking, but she's no great conversationalist this one and i'm able to extract a few details. normally from Sydney, here for the week. studying english, has been in aus for 1 year, 1 to go. From north thailand. then I gave up, it was too difficult to get much out of her.

Massage lasts about 5min before it's turnover time, bit of a body slide, cat bath and some spanish before the dom comes out. CBJ and it's pretty good actually. girl goes have skills. I can now take in more of her views. She's paid for a set of D cups. but they're pretty fake. not horribly done. but they look like the front of one of those novelty tits aprons. She's also got quite a lot of tattoos, her back is totally covered in them. Otherwise her body is pretty good. her snatched looks like it was shaved this morning. CBJ is over and she moves up to ride me. pussy is good and reasonably tight, i'm in danger of cuming too soon, so i request a slow down. which she does. quite pretty eyes and face ignoring the acne. eventually i take over thrusting duties from below and I'm soon shooting my load into the sack. She very very slowly dismounts me, the feeling of this is pretty good actually. then commences a cleanup using half a box of tissues.

After this she disappears with the tissues wrapped in pages torn from an old woolworths catalog. I'm left lying on the bed about 25min into the hour session, wondering if she'll be back. she does return and lies down next to me for round two. it's a HJ -> CBJ then we go at it, initially with her ontop before I take charge and do her from above. this time she's loosened right up. She's good, not too starfish, but there is quite a bit of annoying FOAM this time. pop again after lasting a lot longer than the initial shot and then she cleans up with the other half of the box of tissues. We're 35min into the session and she calls it as she goes off to have a shower. A little bummed about the time, I was hoping for a bit more of a massage.

So there we are. I'd recommend, but only go for the 30 or 45 option.


