Thread Title: Anastasia Blonde - Canberra - 0432 507 284 (During ACT Tour)
Floor: #1
Post Time: 7th April 2018, 06:10 PM
Poster ID: John Skold
Post Title: 
 Anastasia Blonde - Canberra - 0432 507 284 (During ACT Tour)
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Anastasia Blonde

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 03/04/2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://scarletblue.com.au/escort/an...ity=Gold-coast

Hours of Business : 24/7

Rates : $400/hr (incall). $500/hr (outcall).

Age : Looked to be the advertised 23 to me.

Size/shape : Size 6. Athletic Spinner. Natural A/B-cups. 5”3’. Medium-long dirty blonde hair.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Slovakian

Services Provided : Kissing, BJ, DATY, CFS, Massage.

Value for money/recommend? : Yes. Yes.

My experience/comments :

Narrative:

{Review Preamble}

I hadn’t been planning on a private (or non-parlour) session.

I had a few names on a list, and was patiently waiting for private/agency tours to eventuate. But I hadn’t been planning to explore beyond that. 2018 has been too chaotic for any such plans.

Then I noticed Anastasia Blonde’s SB profile.

There was some interest expressed here at PP, as a question to fellow punters, and finally a review materialised.

That latter meant I was significantly more confident walking towards her door. The photos, profile, services, and rate in combination all seemingly too good to be true; and the pages of PP littered with tales of EE-scams/fakes, enough to give most intrepid punters pause when contemplating a session with a lass from east of the Iron Curtain.

There was no scam here. While the service list didn’t itemise the extras – and there were more than a few of those items – Anastasia’s basic service inclusions were sufficient for me, and represented the kind of VFM it is hard for me to find these days.

All bundled up in a sexy spinner with a very pretty face and a cute accent.

Plus a great attitude.


{Punting Preamble}

It was shortly after reading through her profile that I sent an email booking request to Anastasia Blonde via the SB form. It would have been 4-5 days prior to the prospective session.

Alas, she doesn’t take advance bookings. Her reply was swift, and directions clear – to send an SMS the afternoon/evening prior. Not usually something I’d be comfortable with, given the randomness such last minute booking attempts induce and my intent to make the most of an extra day away from the coal mines. My fears were unfounded, she replied quickly with availability in the requested window, and the details were swiftly sorted. Anastasia also let me know the extras breakdown at that time, and provided a few recent selfies.

Throughout the process communication was timely and clear. And sufficiently warm that it wasn’t like trading texts with a computer (something not to be taken for granted). Regarding these administrative details to the session, I have to say I was impressed. And it accurately signalled a client-focussed approach from Anastasia that translated nicely into the bedroom.

So the booking was set, the address provided early, and not too much idle time before the session was to open.

On the day I confirmed by SMS, received the room number after the expected minimal delay, and trekked down those familiar corridors. Again, my timing was less than ideal, for the room service carts were out in force. Thankfully the staff were hurriedly turning the rooms rather than gawking at the funny looking guy skulking around their hotel.

The image below does not accurately reflect my first view of Anastasia; however, it is an image I rather like. Predictably, the selfies were more representative; however, this is definitely her also.

[Anastasia Blonde - Crackpage - 01.jpg]


{Session starts here}

I am a terribly slow typist.

As such, there won’t be much in this section. Certainly not a blow-by-blow, widely reviled as they are in enlightened places such as Twitter™.

[Anastasia Blonde - Crackpage - 02.jpg]

Anyway, Anastasia Blonde welcomed me into her den, eventually revealed from behind her door. She was in some black lacy-strappy lingerie, a bra and thong if memory serves. If not a thong then a very scant pair of panties. Possibly heels also. I knew she wasn’t tall from her images and profile stats. Even with substantial heels she would have seemed short to me. Covering those details was a black nightgown of some description. Not a matronly one; this garment was 98.5% transparent – hence the insights about her lingerie – and on Anastasia it looked fantastic. Dirty blonde hair was almost certainly loose at that point, and later it would be up in a ponytail, but in the beginning it framed her very pretty face.

So she was true to her photos, glamour and selfies both. A great start. And atypical.

[Anastasia Blonde - Crackpage - 03.jpg]

She guided me further into the room, to a seat, and we spoke a little. That was something quite striking also, the amount of time that we didn’t waste with idle chitchat. The vibe was warm, reassuring, yet we didn’t need to spend half the session on her couch to get there. Atypical again. That said, listening to Anastasia, with her delicious accent, for half the session – that is something I could have enjoyed also. Items quickly exchanged, my envelope for a towel, then it was time for a shower.

In the bathroom Anastasia had some mouthwash ready to go, a nice touch that has become quite rare in my experience. Redundant in this case but taken anyway. It is nice to be fresh.

[Anastasia Blonde - Crackpage - 04.jpg]

So I returned to the room, seeing her without the gown just her lingerie. With hair up. And looking so edible. There were some kisses there between the bathroom and the bed. And she must have been wearing heels, though my eyes didn’t really make it that far down. We were able to kiss, and that just wouldn’t have been possible without heels. It is a bit of a blur.

We made our way to the bed, and the action commenced.

[Anastasia Blonde - Crackpage - 05.jpg]

Then the real blur set in. We shared quite a bit in the hour together. Sensual, sweaty, slow, frantic – it was all there. And it was all nicely balanced.

There was some teasing. More than a little kissing. Lots of oral on me, and some on her. A whole lot of sex in a bunch of different positions, none of them terribly exotic but we hit most of my favourites. And one of my best memories – other than Anastasia performing fellatio on me – was when she rolled from missionary onto her tummy for caterpillar, guiding me in without direction then working her body in time with mine.

[Anastasia Blonde - Crackpage - 06.jpg]

It wasn’t perfect – no session is. I’d have liked to have returned the oral favours more than I got to. And the massage Anastasia provided me at the end was a little rushed (but still very nice) since we’d been rolling around the bed for most of the hour. The room was a little warm, also. But if those are the only complaints after a session then clearly the lady did quite a lot just right. Certainly, the important things were just fine.

[Anastasia Blonde - Crackpage - 07.jpg]

A few such important things included;

-    Anastasia’s oral on me, prolonged, and delivered with real skill and energy. How I wished I’d partaken of some extras at those times! A real highlight for me.

-    Contact. She didn’t try to minimise it like some ladies do. Her torso down against mine in cowgirl, warm and intimate. Legs wrapped around my lower back in missionary, pulling me in. Her body draped over parts of me as she continued the oral treatment. Hands entwined in caterpillar as she worked back against my thrusts, as we worked together. It felt almost real, rather than scripted and clinical. Sure, there were boundaries, but it didn’t feel like she was holding back. And that is rare, in my experience.

-    The lady. Anastasia clearly took good care of herself, and was in fantastic shape. Her athletic spinner body was pleasantly flexible, she had great stamina, and was sexy as could be. And did I mention how pretty her face was? An Angel with a less-than-pure side, a brilliant combination. Finally, she seemed quite real, very sweet, and just plain delightful.

[Anastasia Blonde - Crackpage - 08.jpg]

That is just about it, I think. Oh, she is a size 6, I would say. Definitely not an 8. 6-8 is such a broad range.

After departing the bed we each went about getting ready, sharing the facilities and chatting a bit more. The vibe was still good, better if anything – again something not to be taken for granted. I’ve had otherwise fantastic sessions turn to dust when the clock struck twelve – or even before, the act not followed through to the end. In this case it did follow through, probably because it wasn’t an act.

Then we were done, a final kiss and I departed on rubbery legs, very glad to have adapted my plan and made the attempt to spend some time with Anastasia Blonde.

Certainly, for what we shared and what I paid, it represented some of the best VFM I’ve managed to find for a long time.


{Punting Postscript}

Things had been oddly painless, throughout.

True, my usual booking preference was disrupted, reverting from email with advance warning to an SMS the evening before the prospective session. But Anastasia’s communications had been timely, clear and pleasant. The booking process was a breeze. There was no deposit to worry about. On the day everything flowed, without the need to pull teeth about addresses and such. About the biggest disruption was from the continued roadworks near the hotel, and of course the expected delay of a few minutes while Anastasia finished getting ready.

In her room everything flowed well. The sexual elements of the booking were fantastic. Pacing was just right – though in hindsight I could have spent hours watching Anastasia doing her thing. Alas, I only had one hour. Still, we did a lot in that hour. After walking out I felt very satisfied with the experience, and quite glad to have rolled the dice.

Would I recommend? Definitely, yes. It was a good honest (sweaty/sensual) session with a young but highly skilled woman. Anastasia had a great attitude and a smoking hot body along with a very pretty face. And a lovely accent. She was a delight to spend time with. She is advertising on the Gold Coast for the next several days, via SB.

Would I return? Given the opportunity, I would absolutely return. It is highly unlikely to happen due to her travel plans, but one can wish. Anastasia struck me as a sweet and real individual, with confidence and skill, and it was a real pleasure to spend time with her.

Live Well & Happy Punting,
JohnS


