Thread Title: Anna naughty in Bed 0452 479 193 in Queanbeyan
Floor: #1
Post Time: 11th October 2017, 11:21 PM
Poster ID: Stevegem
Post Title: 
 Anna naughty in Bed 0452 479 193 in Queanbeyan
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Anna

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 2nd week in October 2017


Contact Details/Address/Weblink :   0452 479 193    
???Anna naughty in bed????19 yo - Canberra escorts - cracker.com.au

Hours of Business : Guessing  From 10am till late

Rates : 130/30 Extra 50 for bbbj

Age : mid-late 20s?

Size/shape : thin

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian, maybe Thai. Advertises as Croation

Services Provided : FS

Value for money/recommend? : NO

My experience/comments : 

Money down the drain again



SMS this ad on cracker to ask if photos were real and if she indeed was Croatian. Cracker photo got text back and confirming she was.
Beauty I thought, a non Asian hotty, she looks great and even if she was a star fish I could enjoy that body regardless.

Rocked up to the Olympia Hotel and Anna gave me her room number when I announced I was there. She hid behind the door and closed the door quickly as I entered her unit. I was actually a little scared as there was no light on and pitch dark. I asked to see her in light otherwise im leaving. Before she went over to turn a light on. Look, she wasn't bad looking, Petite, long black hair, decent friendly BUT NOT WHAT WAS ADVERTISED OR PROMISED. Actually very comical chalk and cheese. Everything inside me told me to get out but was too toey and she looked ok, had a very nice skimpy black outfit on which she should have kept on as her body looked far better with it on. Her cute face got me excited especially as BBBJ was on offer. I got suckered in by the false advertising was the problem.

Some cuddling, licking my nipples then very poor bbbj. Her phone kept getting text messages and she kept stopping giving me head and replied to those texts, very annoying. About 10 minutes in, maybe less, a knock on the door WTF. "I very busy" was all she said. Obviously she double/triple books punters doesn't care. I guess many would not stay and only fools like me do. I just got up and got dressed and walked put. A huge man was there at the door. I just said to him im leaving and wished him "goodluck".

I really was filthy on myself, still am. Im usually vigilant on bullshit advertising and regretted following this right through. I have had two poor punts now in this region over the last couple of weeks. $350 I could have spent on my regulars or bought some nice clothing or paid for my electricity bill 


Her ad below, couldn't attach pics says they are to big





