Floor: #1
Post Time: 5th January 2016, 09:33 PM
Poster ID: nixxxta
Post Title: 
 Anne F - Canberra/touring - 0435 799 388
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Anne F

Establishment : Independant

Date of Visit : November 2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0435 799 388 / Anne F Private Touring Escort

Hours of Business : unsure

Rates : $300 per hour

Age : 24

Size/shape : Overall slim with a nice curvy bum

Nationality or Ethnicity : South American (Brazilian I think)

Services Provided : Full Service, massage, BBBJ, mutual oral, COB

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : I saw Anne on her last tour to Canberra about 8 weeks ago. I phoned up to make the booking and she was very pleasant to talk to on the phone. She invited me into her hotel room and was wearing a gorgeous lingerie outfit that really showed off her curves and nice big boobs. I jumped into the shower and she then ordered us both a glass of wine and we started talking. As someone who is very shy and introverted I do not always find it easy to talk to people but Anne was very relaxed and easy to talk to and we ended up speaking for a little while as we enjoyed our wine. She then pulled my towel off and proceeded to give me a blow job. It wasn't the best blow job I have ever had and if I was going to be critical it could have gone for a bit longer. I then started to kiss her on the lips and moved my way down over her entire body and finished between her legs which she seemed to enjoy. We then started to have sex and she was very active, moving onto many different positions and she enjoyed been on top and having her nipples sucked and given how big and soft her boobs are I also enjoyed this position. After we had been in many different positions I felt myself getting close to the end so I pulled out and took of the rubber. She then helped finish me off and let me shoot my load all over her gorgeous tits. Overall it was a very nice session and Anne is a lovely woman, I would highly recommend her to anyone in Sydney (since that's where she is based) or Canberra when she tours here next. I know I will be going back!!!


