Thread Title: Apple - Private - 0411075399
Floor: #1
Post Time: 5th October 2017, 09:25 PM
Poster ID: 2horny
Post Title: 
 Apple - Private - 0411075399
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Apple

Establishment : private

Date of Visit : Oct 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0411075399

Hours of Business : Day and night

Rates : $120/30min.

Age : Probably mid 20's

Size/shape : Slim, not tall, long dark hair

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thia

Services Provided : CBJ/FS

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : I saw Apple twice, this review is for the second visit.
Communications with Apple is easy, she probably has help on her end as her english isn't very good.  The directions are given in the usual way.  address, then apartment number on arrival.  When I knock on the door and it opens, Apple is standing there in lingerie and she looks attractive.  body is 8/10, face 7/10.  She has a cute smile, but she can pull some funny faces during sex.

Transaction is simple, money handed over, towel, shower, start the show.  There's no extras, nothing to haggle.  That's ok, as it's a good price and I just want to get laid with someone who isn't a chubby old lady.

I lay on the bed and she does the usual routine to get me hard, once I'm ready, the condom goes on and she sucks for maybe 60 seconds tops.  The short bj is fine by me because I don't like cbj anyway.  I asked about bbbj, but no go.

She starts in cowgirl, she moves well, but she can't make eye contact.  I don't know why, I'm not there to be her therapist so I don't ask.  She has a new tattoo (to add to the existing 3), and has a bandaid over it.  all ok.

I watch her slim hips and flat stomach move up and down on my c0ck.  it's a good sight.  up higher are her B-cups, I grab both, one in each hand and massage them a bit while I enjoy her bouncing on my groin.  She stays in cowgirl for while, as we try a few adjustments and different strokes - all fun.  When she gets tired, I move into missionary and go for a while, then her legs up and together.  I pound her in this position for a good five minutes watching her expression and her pussy alternately.  as I get tired, I ask if she'd like doggy, which she does.  We go in doggy for another 5 minutes, I pound her hard for the 5 five minutes without respite and I'm getting closer.  All this time she's making all sorts of noises, which may or may not be fake, I don't care, I'm feeling good and I'm not going to stop.  I get her to lay on her stomach and we get into caterpillar.  I start off slowly and deeply, making sure I have a good angle to get my shaft all the way in.  I build up my speed and Apple responds with her body bucking in time with me.  I slip my hand on her breast and get a steady rhythm going, slowly building up to my climax.  She bucks and moans in time with me and making sure the full length of my d1ck goes deep inside of her.  then she moves my hand from her breast to her crotch - I know what to do.  I work her in this position, trying to last as long as I could and making sure I get I don't look like an idiot by not being able to find the spot marked with X.

faster, faster, bam!  what a girl.

I had a good time, she had a good time.  the only thing is she still can't make 100% eye contact with me.  we make small talk as she cleans me up.  I have a shower and I get dressed and go.  it's not the greatest punt I've had, but sexual compatibility when we are doing the deed is pretty good.  I really like how she moves, it's just like how a girl would move when I imagine having uninhibited sex with someone.  But the before/after no eye contact and the lack of bbbj detracts from being a fantastic punt.

Another thing, her photos on BP are 100% her.  colouring might be off, but it is her.  She tours to CBR, so you'll have to keep an eye on BP.

Would I go back, probably. but she isn't at the top of my list, and I wouldn't make a special effort to see her like I would with the Korean and Japanese girls I really like.


