Thread Title: Ava - Canberra - 0401 812 051
Floor: #1
Post Time: 15th July 2015, 10:44 PM
Poster ID: Giggly
Post Title: 
 Ava - Canberra - 0401 812 051
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Ava

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 14/7/15

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : ??? Ava new girl in Canberra 100% HOT HOT HOT 100% real photos ?????? - Canberra escorts - cracker.com.au

Hours of Business : 24hrs

Rates : $150hf/$220hr

Age : 20 (probably older)

Size/shape : 6 - slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian

Services Provided : BJ, FS, Massage

Value for money/recommend? : NO!!!

My experience/comments : So there is something going around in Canberra (especially the Griffith area), there are a whole lot of really hot looking ads (which has clearly been done up by their pimp (or equivalent) who end up being unclassy asian women who are much older than their advertised profiles (and look nothing like them). So just be aware of any ads that say that they're in Griffith and cost $150hf (this seems like an exceptionally good price for the photos your looking at).
So my experience... I arrived at the apartments in Griffith (near the big roundabout off Canberra Ave - I've seen a few girls here, it seems to be becoming the new 'Argyle Apartments' of Canberra), I arrived just as a Dominos pizza car was leaving the driveway to the serviced apartments. The only reason I mention this was that when I knocked on the door (she took a good couple of minutes to answer), there was a fresh pizza, garlic bread and coke on the table (which she was still eating as she escorted me in!)... I know I should have left by now but I really just wanted to blow my load! So anyway, she proceeded to continue to eat her pizza (and offered me some as well), after I refused and politely said I'd like to go to the bedroom, she stuffed down the slice she was halfway through eating, got undressed and then went to the toilet... So unclassy... Anyway long story short is that I fucked her good and hard for the full 30mins (even though she wanted me to cum way before that), the only plus side to this was that she had a really tight pussy and wasn't a bad fuck but there was just too many bad things in the lead up that just put me off and would therefore never go back. This is why I'm warning all the other Canberra punters out there to be wary of the ads coming from Griffith or those which have really hot pics (ones which look like really fit euro birds, but are actually asian).

Cheers,

Mike


Floor: #2
Post Time: 16th July 2015, 08:39 AM
Poster ID: Lustvader
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks for TOFTT.  I've noticed these ads which have flooded backpage/cracker in recent weeks and written them off as some sort of scam/bait'n'switch scenario for the precise reasons you mentioned -- basically the price-pic combo looks far too good to be true.  Interesting that the credit card company ban on backpage doesn't seem to have made any impact -- in fact, there seem to be more ads than before! (https://auxxxreviews.com/forum/f83/v...57/#post188021)


Floor: #3
Post Time: 16th July 2015, 12:24 PM
Poster ID: WOTAN01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
The recent review of Angel, Caucasian, https://auxxxreviews.com/forum/f30/s...1-663-a-35219/ is more in line if not a bit costly. But we all know ACT people are very well paid.


