Thread Title: Belle - Canberra - 0424 411 494
Floor: #1
Post Time: 8th April 2014, 03:45 PM
Poster ID: dino111
Post Title: 
 Belle - Canberra - 0424 411 494
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name:Belle

Establishment: private

Date of Visit:22/3/14

Contact Details/Address/Weblink:0424411494

Hours of Business: usually 10am till 7pm

Rates: 
30 minutes massage - $100
60 minutes massage - $150
Extras - Oral (CBJ) - $50 

Age:early 20s (probably around 22 - 23)

Size/shape:slim and fit

Nationality or Ethnicity: Caucasian

Services Provided: Massage with CBJ

Value for money/recommend?: Loved it - definitely recommend

My experience/comments:

I've seen Belle a few times now and keep coming back for more. I love massages with a good blow job, and Belle is definitely one of the best BJ's i've had.

It is a little hard organising a time with her, as she barely picks up the phone, but when she does, make sure you book asap. Once the booking was made over the phone, I made way to her apartment in a new part of Kingston. It is a really nice apartment that she shares with her friend (Chloe) who also does massages.

She is so sexy. The quintessential girl next door from college. About early 20s or so. Sexy blonde flowing hair and beautiful face to die for. Once the cash is handed over, she escorts you to the shower. I quickly had my shower and wanted to make way to the sexy babe waiting for me. Once in the room, there is a nice massage table and bed. She stood there with her cute tshirt and skirt on and asked me to help her out. Yes please! As I stood there naked, i brush up against her, slowly peeling off her clothes to find a nice surprise that she has no underware on. Getting a nice feel of her arse and breast and she grabs little Dino and give him a nice tug. I was rock hard. She lay me down on the massage table and started with a good decent massage. 

She kept on teasing me while I was facing down and about 10 minutes in told me to turn over. Once I did, she grabbed the oil, rubbed it all over her self and started sliding up and down my body. It was amazing, I was in heaven.

She then moved down slowly grabbed my cock with both hands and started tugging away. After a while, she put on the dom and engulfed my cock. Her head bobbling up and down as she sucked my cock nice and hard. I like her sucking technique, its delicate yet rough at the same time. 
After about 15 min she stopped sucking and I asked her to tug me off. As she was tugging, she was rubbing her sweet pussy up on my leg and getting off at the same time. I continued to play with her nice tits. I soon couldnt hold it in and blew all over her tits. I was spent.

I like her massages it is a nice way to end the day. Her blow job technique is great along with her hand job ability.

I defintely like going to see her. A good regular of mine.

Oh I also spend 30 minutes with Belle for a massage and had the oral extra 

Cheers
Dino


