Thread Title: Bella - Canberra - 0424 986 918
Floor: #1
Post Time: 30th December 2013, 08:23 PM
Poster ID: phenom
Post Title: 
 Bella - Canberra - 0424 986 918
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Bella

Establishment : Argyle(pussy palace)

Date of Visit : 29th Dec

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0424 986 918

Hours of Business : 9am-late

Rates : 120 half hr didn't ask for an hr

Age : 18-25

Size/shape : 6 or 8 dunno dress sizes- petite

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai(advertised Korean)

Services Provided : FS, CBJ, affectionate kissing (I need a guide to sex act abbreviations)

Value for money/recommend? : worth a shot

My experience/comments : As you all probably know and as previously  stated by UNofficial in a recent A.C.T private girl review: Canberra is  in a bit of a drought! 

I  had been ringing around Canberra Times and cracker and wasn't getting  much. 
I had been answered by Annie's girls and had never payed a  visit and thought I'd give them a go and so made my way into the city. 

When I got into Civic I looked up the website provided for Annies and was not impressed at all. 
I was determined to throw my wand, and so turned to the Canberra Times again and found one add for a Korean girl.
I took a wild guess at where they might be working from, and parked outside Argyle to make the call.
Usually  I'll ask for a pic or a website when calling to see what I'm in for,  but I liked her voice and lo and behold she was working at Argyle.

She  told me the number 141 and my expectations dropped as I had just read  the aforementioned review about Kimberly in apartment 141. I checked Kimberly's number that was in the Canberra Times that day against the one I called to see if they were the same and they weren't. NOTE: Although I have now noticed that Bella has the same number as the number given in UNofficial's review of Kimberly, so it's probably an apartment mobile/sim used by different girls?

I didn't have much time to stuff about so I made  my way up to the site of UNofficials Lemonade mouth experience.
She said her friend will answer the door because she had to get ready. 
Her  friend answered the door and showed me to the room. I waited a minute  and then was pleasantly surprised at the girl that entered the room, she  was a little Hottie! Short stature, long light brown hair, fair skin,  great little body and a pretty face and to top it off some very nice  breasts. 

Her name is Bella and she speaks English well, I could even pick up an Australian style to her Thai accent.

O.K now the important stuff-The sex. We  began by some nice kissing and dry humping, she did a nice thing I'd never had done to me; while she was on top and I was sucking on her tits  she began gripping my cock with her feet and giving me a foot job which  I quite liked. 

I then spun her into the 69 position but only  received 68(I was having a nice go at her puss while she licked my  balls, but unfortunately she never gave me natural but the ball licking was still nice. When  she eventually went for the condoms she gave me quite a nice blowie and  even went for the deep throat a couple of times which was nice to see  she was making an effort.

She then jumped on reverse cow girl, I  laid back relaxed and enjoyed myself doing minimal hip movement &  just letting Bella do her thing, I made use of the mirror in the room as  it's always nice to check yourself out rooting. 
Anyway we changed  to doggy and went at it for a while. She seemed to be getting into it  and this along with her lovely little frame and her making fucking faces  set me off I finished and withdrew my cream covered cock, removed the  condom had a friendly little chat then showered and left.

I'd give her 6/10 would have been 7 if I got natural.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 1st January 2014, 05:47 PM
Poster ID: WOTAN01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Some definitions can be found at this link: Sexwork Cyber Resource Center ||


Floor: #3
Post Time: 5th January 2014, 01:48 PM
Poster ID: phenom
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks for the link


Floor: #4
Post Time: 11th January 2014, 09:15 AM
Poster ID: UN Official
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Nice one Phenom!

Glad to see you hit gold there, i did have a lengthy txt war with the mammasan over Kimberly, told her I had rubbished her on two web sites and she went nuts, tried to get me back for a visit with another girl, said no thanks, people can read about your crappy staff and make up their own minds. I thought she would have changed the number by now. Maybe she flicked Kimberly the mouth pisser!!


Floor: #5
Post Time: 12th January 2014, 08:29 AM
Poster ID: lofty14u
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by UN Official


 Kimberly the mouth pisser!
"""



Hmmmmm..........now that sounds like my cup of tea! Do tell.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 19th January 2014, 04:42 PM
Poster ID: phenom
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
lol  I told you UN that some people pay good money for that experience, Lofty the whole Lemonade mouth(thanks google) experience is in the ACT priv working girls under -Kimberly:wouldn't bother calling.
 Now I think about it my memories are tinged with pleasantness regarding my run in with Bella, maybe I was a little harsh on her score I'd give her at least a 7, regardless of the covered head job-she was sexy and fucked well!


Floor: #7
Post Time: 19th January 2014, 10:15 PM
Poster ID: aaki
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thank you very much for the review.


