Thread Title: Bell (?) - Canberra - 0484 692 484
Floor: #1
Post Time: 23rd July 2018, 04:20 PM
Poster ID: Davo288
Post Title: 
 Bell (?) - Canberra - 0484 692 484
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name :  Bell (number used by others so who knows for sure)

Establishment : Private unit in Reid

Date of Visit : 18 May 2018

Phone : 0484 692 484

Hours of Business : Contact to confirm, I went mid afternoon

Rates : $200 for 1 hour with BBBJ

Age : mid 30s is my best guess

Size/shape : small Asian, probably a B cup, with some pubic hair

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian - not sure of nationality, but very little English

Services Provided : Sex, multiple cums, DATY, BBBJ, kissing

Value for money/recommend? : Even though I knew it waouldnt be the girl in the ad, I did enjoy myself.  

My experience/comments : Had never seen a working lady in the ACT before, and even though I had heard that girls working in Reid were generally not that great I thought I had to try it for myself.  Booking was by text, presumably with pimp as better English than the girl showed in person.  They said whatever I wanted to hear when I queried about the girl eg shaved, when in fact it wasn't the case.

i got final text directions from outside, and the lady who answered the door wasn't the girl in the ad, which I knew it wouldn be so no shock there.  There were other ladies there as could hear voices from living room but didn't see them.  

she he would have been in mid 30s, slim body but just a little bit of padding on her tummy which I liked. Was in bra and panties.  Anyway, liked what I saw and so stayed around.  Paid $180 up front for 1hour after confirming multiple cums was okay.  She offered me a shower but wanted to get into it so declined.

I played with her body for a while and kissed (mild French kissing, but quite good for an Asian who I've found don't like it) before she turned to me.  First round was a CBJ, which she was okay at.  I then played with her again and had fun with some DATY which she was happy to receive.  Then she finished me off with a reverse cowboy.  She wanted to stop then but still had 15 minutes on clock so I asked her to suck me again.  This time she offered no condom for an extra $20 which I paid.  This was better and I must have surprised her by cumming as she ended with with first load in her mouth, but she graciously didn't jump up and kept going with her hand.  She offered me a shower which I accepted and then left.  

So so for my first experience with a girl in Reid I think I got lucky, as she was pretty good and definitely put some effort into it.


