Floor: #1
Post Time: 19th October 2017, 07:36 AM
Poster ID: Stevegem
Post Title: 
 BEWARE - NICOLE Breathtakingly beautiful country female. In/Outcalls. Today only in capital. 0488 482 897
				
Post Content: 
NICOLEBreathtakingly beautiful country female. In/Outcalls. Today only in capital. 0488 482 897 
 19/10/2017  -  X - ADULT SERVICES


I had a shocking experience from this one years ago.  I know this review is out dated but its a heads up. (When she was in Hervey Bay https://auxxxreviews.com/forum/f101/...y-clear-21841/)

She travels around usually all over QLD. She says "Today only" but have seen her ads for over a week like this, probably be in Canberra for a while

Here is the review I did of her in 2009 on another forum. A regular punter who is unshockable also reviewed her in 2015 and ran for the hills. She hadn't changed in 6 years, so doubt she has changed now



Sorry no template just copy and paste

TIP: Leave the light on when reading this


Here we go - Review from March 2009



 I had noticed this ad in the Gold Coast Bulletin online classifieds for a couple of weeks prior to my Gold Coast trip in mid March, always  had “TODAY ONLY” in its speel. My initial thoughts were she is quite busy and has kept extented her stay (a good sign, she must be good I thought). How way of the mark I was. Her ad was still saying the same daily speel when I was up there.

I had a busy afternoon filled with work commitments, but had the morning off, and felt like some tender loving care. Called the number above and got a pleasant WL on the other end. Was informed $60 - 30min massage with BJ Or $100 FS. Organised to meet at The Bel Air Apartments (opposite Pacific Fair, on the highway). When I got there, had to ring again, for the room number. Made my way up to the designated building (there are 3 buildings in this complex) and finally to her room.

She is one of those types that absolutely hides behind the door, until you are well into the unit. Always a bit of a warning sign I feel, But was ok with it 

Looks - Let me confirm, She is NOT breathtaking, She is NOT beautifull. Yes Beauty is in the eyes of the beholder, But Breathtaking Beautifull is stretching the truth ...by a lot. Was tall, probably 6ft. Sz 8-10 or so. Looked a bit like an uglier version of Rachael Hunter about her, long curly blonde hair. Small breasts. Didn’t know it at the time, but ghastly and weird tattoos littered all over her stomach and surrounds. I would never pick her in a line up at a brothel. But as I was toey, I could handle getting a lovely massage and BJ …so I thought.

She asked what id like to do. I asked her did she have a preference (FS or massage/bj). She didn’t. So I chose the 30min massage $60. From this moment things got real weird and scary. When I handed over the $60, she immediately pointed to the shower and said the bedroom was right opposite AND in almost tandem dialled a number on her mobile and walked away. So here I was, heading into the shower, and not looking forward to the punt ahead, a first. She seemed to get quite cold once the money was handed over

I showered and made my way to the bedroom. Being doubly cautious all my belongings were with me every inch of the way. It looks like she lives/rents here. Clutter everywhere. I lay on the bed, she came in and undressed, this is where I saw her tatts, Her body wasn’t too bad at all, looked firm and toned. She started on a weak massage, rubbing one of my thighs for a massive 1 min (60 seconds), I don’t know how she had the stamina !!! During this time I tried some chit chat, which failed, she looked deep in thought about something else. I did get out of her that she was from the central coast.

After the wonderfull and very relaxing massage /sarcasm. She put on a dom and began to give me a CBJ. Didn’t have time or the guts to ask her about BBBJ. The BJ went for all of 45 seconds, and im being very generous here. Just up and down, very weak grip. Amazingly I was rock hard (I was thinking about my first ever blowjob in high school to get me going), she then saw fit to pull of the dom and start the tugging !!!! 

Now the following is the freakiest thing Ive ever experienced with a WL. Keep in mind I am a tad over 100kg in weight, solid and very strong bloke, who can handle himself in most situations, but this scenario had me tripping. Out of the blue, Nicole turned to look in my direction , not looking straight at me, more like at my shoulder as though I had a foul mouth parrot on there.


Nicole: “Fuck you. I know what your saying, I can hear it all. I don’t appreciate you calling me a slut whore, and those other names, fucken hell”

SG: “Pardon, What?. I didn’t say anything”

Nicole: “I can hear you, Just don’t fucken deny it, I know what your saying, Just don’t fucken deny it”

SG: “Darl, Im not like that at all. Is not in my nature to downgrade woman, never has never will.“

Nicole then was just silent. I was just silent. What does one do with a freak holding your dick and accusing you of downgrading her when you havent said a word?? I thought this was certainly a whole new marquee level of time wasting and making (forcing) a punter to leave early, and it worked.  My erection went from rock hard to sponge soft in 2 seconds flat. I didn’t know what to do, she was still tugging at the same boring slow pace. I feared to make any move, so quick thinking I had to divert the attention to myself somehow, I said

SG: “I don’t think I should have got up early today and masterbated, looks like it has caught up with me now, I may have to come back to see you next time for a longer time” 

Hopefully that will make the psycho feel better and let me go, I had been in the place for no more than 8 mins (for a supposedly 30min service) , inc shower and the lift access to her floor.

Nicole in an instant let go, got up and quick as a flash made another call on her mobile and walked out the bedroom.

Fuck I was scared, who is she calling again? Are 10 bikers gonna be outside waiting to rob me? Is she a cannibal and I am going to be roast SG and spuds tonight? Is my skin going to decorate her lounge suite? Will her pet dog (if she had one) be fed the SG crown jewels (he will be well fed at least). Seriously so many things were going through my mind. I dressed real quick and headed for the door, she let me out without any dramas, the mobile phone still glued to her ear. I ventured  out to the main highway, and was relieved I was amongst the general puplic again.  Phew.

There is something seriously disturbing with this WL. Wether it be drugs, mental illness or just a put on show to turn off punters so they leave early, especially guys like me who are quite friendly and non aggressive, I don’t know. From her persona on the phone and prior to me handing over the money, she seemed ok. So I suspect once you get down to the actually punting, she just doesn’t like doing it and takes a bad turn for the worst, and stoops to an extraordinary level to make your punting as bad as it can be, so you leave as early as possible, thats what it felt like looking back.



Ratings:

Massage: 0.5/10 (my thigh got a half hearted attempt) 
Looks: 5/10 
Attitude: -666/10 (Satanic and evil) 
CBJ: 0.5/10


Floor: #2
Post Time: 19th October 2017, 06:58 PM
Poster ID: Snapper79
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Jesus Christ! Someone call an Exorcist.. thanks for TOFTT.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 19th October 2017, 08:53 PM
Poster ID: bulldogs1
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Holy shit you still sound scared, sounds like a real nut case


Floor: #4
Post Time: 20th October 2017, 11:47 AM
Poster ID: Phil McCavity
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
That's right up there for "worst punt in history". I'm not sure whether to thank you for the review or run screaming from the room LOL.


