Thread Title: Blaze - Reid - 0478 735 463
Floor: #1
Post Time: 26th March 2012, 01:48 PM
Poster ID: philibuster
Post Title: 
 Blaze - Reid - 0478 735 463
				
Post Content: 
CT Ad goes like this: BLAZE 33yo, size 7, cheeky Aussie girl with long dark hair, in/out calls 10am - late. Reid. Ph 0478 735 463. 

It's accurate, she's who she says she is. Plain looks, bit of a bogan but on the basis of the phone contact, possibly quite fun. $200 an hour.

If only it ended there. I contacted her and got a long-winded txt back about how she's sick of "tosspots" contacting her asking for unsafe sex and she doesn't kiss or offer a GFE. Fair enough and long story short since I don't go about asking for unsafe sex I passed her screening. Booked for an hour and she says some get to know time over a beer is additional to the booking time. She's from Melbourne and talks about a "Melbourne experience"; what I assume might be some kind of new (to me) alternative to a GFE involving hitherto unexplored delights. Yeah, right, always look on the bright side.

I arrive at her apartment and was greeted by a short, brunette, somewhat skinny and slightly life-worn girl in her early thirties with a full-sleeve tattoo on one arm. She's got an outgoing personality though and I decide to stay.

She offers me a beer and we sit down for a chat. Can she talk, and talk and talk and talk. Mostly about her crusade to stamp out unsafe sex practices in the industry, how she's largely misunderstood and so on. Apparently she's also a receptionist at a couple of Melbourne parlours; Club 741 in Brooklyn and The Forum in Melton where she goes by the name of Portia, which she probably misspells as "Porsha" or something. An hour of this goes by and I'm thinking either we have sex, or I'm sleeping on the couch. It's when she goes to the fridge for another beer that I notice about 3 dozen empty Carlton Cold stubbies on the kitchen bench. I declined her offer of another beer and told her I was off to the shower. I hate Carlton Cold! While I was in the shower she went out to the balcony for a ciggy - nice touch!!

As far as the massage and sex goes, it was nothing to write home about. She's a bit skinny for my liking, completely lost the plot with the massage - she'd just keep stopping, completely distracted by her own stream of consciousness rabbiting on about nothing in particular. She couldn't have sex in cowgirl because of the "car accident" (no, I didn't inquire any further) so doggy and caterpillar it was. We both came and she kept talking ... on and on she went. 

By the time I looked at the time, I'd been there two and a half hours and she was still talking. Well convinced by now she has some kind of adult ADD thing going on, I took my leave and bid her goodnight. 

While the intimate parts of the booking were by far and away the worst I've had for some time, I ended up spending a fair part of an evening with someone I never would have otherwise met and got an insight into a life I'll never live. Better than sitting at home watching TV I guess. Blaze has her place in the industry, though I suspect it's not as a private WL.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 8th June 2012, 11:35 PM
Poster ID: billshakespeare
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
So to start with i must confess my visit to Blaze was after a couple of months without sex, so admittedly i would have fucked just about anything that moved at the time.
Having said that i kind of liked Blaze.
I also answered the CT add :BLAZE 33yo, size 7, cheeky Aussie girl with long dark hair, in/out calls 10am - late. Reid. Ph 0478 735 463. 

Over our lengthy phone conversation (she does talk way too much) i made an appointment for half an hour for $120. For the standard massage oral and sex.
She went on and on about safe sex and how rude Canberra men were about asking for BBBJ etc. Even after i had explained that condoms were fine with me.
Mind, i don't see what's wrong with asking the question as long as you leave it alone once you get an answer.

Anyhoo down to the biz.

I arrived at her apartment in the city. She greeted me in a plastic looking corset. Actually i don't know what it was. Just looked like dodgy plastic lingerie to me.
I found her quite attractive. But i have always loved black hair and tatts. She really is a classic bogan. I know that might sound condescending. But bogans chicks give me a fat one, so i guess that makes it okay. I don't know what it is. i wish there was a brothel that only had bogan chicks with tatts who swear and smoke and suck your cock till your eyes pop. thats my weird fantasy. Again i digress.
As Phillibuster said she has a full sleeve tattoo on one arm. She is kind of short. About size 8. Long black hair. Looks early 40s. Small tits.
I thought she had a great body actually.
So after the money exchange and the obligatory shower she began a rather feeble attempt at massage.
She talked way to much and forgot all about the massage. I was tempted to say "for fucks sake stop talking and suck me off!" But luckily she stopped and suggested we get down to the biz.
Despite the lame massage i was really fuckin horny and i found myself going down on her in seconds. She seemed to really enjoy this. I mean i know she could have easily faked it but it seemed like genuine pleasure too me. fuck knows. she has a sweet small shaven pussy which was a delight to go down on.
Then it was my turn. Blaze slipped a condom on to my member using her mouth. l love WL who put condoms on this way. its becoming a lost art. Her CBJ was great. 7/10. Not the best i have had but pretty damn good.
zen it vas time for ze fucking ja?
She explained to me that certain positions were not possible for her because of a car accident in the past. Doggy is always fine with me so away we went. She had a nice tight pussy and she looked great from behind.
As a mentioned at the start i had been a little deprived of rumpy pumpy before this visit the end result being i fucked her good and hard which Blaze seemed to love. In fact after i came and went she gave me back $20 dollars for giving her an orgasm! I don't know if it was fair dinkum or not but who cares. i had a blast.
So would i go back? Probably. For $120 you can't expect the best. So i think she was worth it at that price. She really needs to cut down on the chit chat though.
So i would recommend her. If you can handle the chatter and don't mind bogans with tatts. get in there my son.


