Thread Title: Candy - Conder -  0406 683 017
Floor: #1
Post Time: 23rd August 2014, 09:29 AM
Poster ID: ozimale48
Post Title: 
 Candy - Conder -  0406 683 017
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Candy (I think)

Establishment :  Private

Date of Visit : 19 Aug 2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : CT Add [COLOR=#666699]NEW Asian Mature Woman In Conder. All welcome. In/out calls.Phone 0406 683 017[/COLOR]

Hours of Business : Unsure

Rates : $100 1/2 ht , $150 hr

Age : around 50

Size/shape : Short, not skinny, nice tits

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Full

Value for money/recommend? : Great massage, rest not bad 

My experience/comments : 

Feeling myself horny I decided to go for a mature woman. Rang the number and made an appointment in Conder, arrived in suburban Conder in quiet street at a battle axe block. 

Entered by a side door after taking my shoes off, met by Candy a short mature lady with quite broad hips.

Decided on and hour and was given  a towel for a shower, arriving back in the room Candy was in bra and panties, quite a nice body although face was a bit ordinary. She started with a gentle rub down of my back then I rolled over and got a  bbbj which was quite good, one reason being that while she had it in her mouth she was quite, she has a tendency to prattle on and tell you her life story.

After a few minutes I was ready to fuck her, she slipped on the condom and hopped on top and rode with enthusiasm until I came.

After cleaning up a got a very good massage and more details about her life story.

She mentioned she does doubles with another younger girl (around 35 as I asked her) for $300 for the hr. 

Has a shower and then left. 

Would I go back, probably not as the constant chatter was off putting, maybe for the double though.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 23rd August 2014, 09:45 AM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by ozimale48


Person's Name : Candy (I think)

Establishment :  Private

Date of Visit : 19 Aug 2014
.

"""



Thank you for your review ozimale48.

Good review.

Here's Candy's ad from the Canberra Times last Thurs,





			
				NEW Asian Mature Woman In Conder. All welcome. In/out calls.Phone 0406 683 017


Floor: #3
Post Time: 29th August 2014, 04:03 PM
Poster ID: UN Official
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Im guessing this is her offsider...given Conder is so far south they would have to know each other?





			
				ASIAN GONY Sz 6, busty, fresh making. Great time is a promise. Conder. 0402 467 192


Floor: #4
Post Time: 26th September 2014, 09:41 AM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Candy

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : Last week of September 2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 

Hours of Business : 9am - 11 pm

Rates : $150 / hour

Age : 40 - 50

Size/shape : Reasonably tidy. 34 - 36 bust, stretch marks (no C Scar, no muffin top)

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai (teak skinned)

Services Provided : Company FS

Value for money/recommend? : Dubious

My experience/comments : 

TL;DR

Pretty lady who talks. Nice house. Perfunctory service. 

Difficult review this since Candy is a tidy non starfish who looks nice
and tries to provide a connection. While I am all for that, perhaps the
connection should be based on service and not an extended chat with a sexy lady
in her bedroom.

Candy answers after about 6 rings (longer than I usually give it) and replies
positively, rather than the usual rates and 'when you want to come' spiel. I am hooked.
She asks me to ring on the day and confirm but
texts me the address. I like this so I can work out how to get there and where to park.

As ozimale48 says, Candy works from a home in a south Canberra suburb, 20 -25 mins drive 
from the CBD. The house is a battle axe block (house with no street frontage) and while you could
park out the front, it's in full site of
the other house that shares the drive (usually in the ACT, the houses behind
a shared drive have their own gates and fence and are less visible to each
other. This is not the case here).

I chose to park around the block on the edge of a park and walk a few
foot paths. This was Ok apart from the odd barking dog.

Candy was waiting for me at the front door at the agreed time. Nice. Noticed that
a front window was open.

Into a modern & tidy but dimly lit house. Nice place. Living room to the right of the front door. 
Down the hall past the kitchen and then left into Candy's bedroom. 
Smallish but tidy, bed against the window wall, coat stand in the corner. Usual
bric-a-brac coevered bedside table. 

Candy met me in a shawl or a coat open at the neck. In the room, she took this
off to show a red panties and bra. A nice contrast with her raven hair and
shiny brown skin. She looks pretty hot. Eyeliner, a few threads of gray in the hair.
Slutty but nice.

I am offered a show in the bathroom around the corner and given a new towel.
Couldn't see anything but shampoo in the shower cubicle but there it is, a pretty
well used piece below the green shampoo bottle. The bathroom is clean tidy, the toilet is
in another room.

Returned to the room in my undies carrying my clothes. Candy invited me to hang them
on the rack and sit down. She kneels on the floor and starts stroking my thighs. And starts to
talk. She eases my undies down and admires my erect dick.

"Nice straight dick".

"You are one in a billion"

"Girl I know left her husband. We all ask her, 'Why you leave ?' 'he got bent prick. 
When he put in, it hurt'"

Foolish me invited her to keep talking by replying.

She eventually strokes the minister for homeland security and she has good hands. 
It's probably the anxiety of a strange place, a half naked woman and her reaching
below the shaft to feel the scrotum, but when she drops her head, I don't want
to fill her gob without an invitation.

"That's very nice but I come easily".

She cleans me up carefully and gently while continuing to talk.

"What about you"

"Juat another jerk"

"Why you say that ?"

"I have everything I need but want more. That's why I'm here".

"What wrong with your wife ?"

"She doesn't suck dick".

And eventually after quite a lot more about her, she pulls the condom on (a bit tight for my average size)
and applies some lubricant.(I should have paid a bit more attention to this to make sure it
was Ok with the condom). It's only at this point that we are both reclining on the bed and she's quickly
unsnapped her bra and slid out of her panties.

A few sucks (not DT,and not especially sensual) and she hops on and bounces up and down determindely.
She has velvety skin, quite nice breasts, and medium size dark brown nipples. I
squeeze her breasts a bit and they feel nice. 

No FOAM. While she doesn't feel tight she doesn't feel slack either and it's not 
a case of too much lube. I fill the bag after about a dozen strokes and it's off to 
the shower again.

Her time management is good: there's still about 5 or 10 minutes left in the hour and
she hasn't been obviously watching the small analogue clock on the table. 

On the way out I notice a young guy asleep (apparently) on the couch in the living room
below the open window. If i'd seen him before I would have been even more anxious.

WIR ?

Candy is a nice lady but I think she needs to work harder for someone
like me. Linda and Sophie are more my idea of a service oriented lady. They both
are unhesitant about getting into action but with Candy it was more like a date where you don't know
the lady, and wait for encouragement. Jenny, Sophie and Linda are better VFM for my punting buck.

Someone less equivocal about what they want may do a lot better. She seems a kind lady
who may give a lot. 

There's also the guy in the lounge. Maybe
he provides the security they need but if so, he probably shouldn't be in the
punters face until needed.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 26th September 2014, 04:38 PM
Poster ID: hard
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
You're a dark horse sometimes Farti!!! Great review


Floor: #6
Post Time: 26th September 2014, 05:31 PM
Poster ID: antares01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks for TOFTT Farti .  The Canberra punting scene is pretty thin at present and I was seriously considering seeing Candy yesterday or today.  Work was such that this didn't happen - as it turns out, probably for the better.  I will cross Candy off my Canberra to do list.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 26th September 2014, 06:17 PM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
To quote from another review today,






 Originally Posted by MooNoi


.... Oh well - win some, lose some, eh?

Happy punting all.


Candy is a good looking woman with a nice manner. 

She suits me less well but others may do better.

The most significant punter independent negative was was the guy in the lounge.


Floor: #8
Post Time: 30th September 2014, 10:02 AM
Poster ID: ozimale48
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Sounds like she has a thing about straight dicks, she made nearly exactly the same comment to me.


