Thread Title: Chloe - Canberra (Tour) - 0452 560 315
Floor: #1
Post Time: 23rd April 2012, 01:34 AM
Poster ID: blowmedown
Post Title: 
 Chloe - Canberra (Tour) - 0452 560 315
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Chloe

Establishment :   Private

Date of Visit :   April 2012

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :   Cbr Times, Escorts and Babes
Hours of Business :    Call

Rates :   $180 half/$280 hour

Age : Mid 20s

Size/shape :   5'7" ultra slim

Nationality or Ethnicity :   Caucasian (English)

Services Provided :   FS, CBJ, massage

Value for money/recommend? :   Yes

So I was lucky enough to get a quick call and, yep I'll be there in 15 minutes, last week with Chloe. She has a nice sounding English accent on the phone and seemed friendly enough, to get an instant booking was awesome! She could only fit me in for 30 mins, though, so I guess I just happened to get my timing right.

She was working from an inner south apartment complex that would have been great 15 years ago but was looking a bit tired when I saw her. No big deal though, bonus points for discretion and free parking nearby.

In person she has quite an amazing body (the pics on the E&B website are the real deal folks, see a couple below). Super slim, with the sexiest flat tummy you could ever hope to see. She's got lovely full lips and a pretty enough face, although it's not a match for her ultra hot bod. But, hey, I shouldn't be making judgements like that.

She looked fucking hot with simple matching black bra and panties when she was waiting for me after I showered. We started with some light kissing (no DFK sadly). Holding her hips and tiny waist soon had my cock pretty damn hard. She was quick to remove her bra and reveal some enhanced C cup tits. Bad news on the work, but awesome news on her nipples, they were fucking rock hard. Yum!

Chloe put me on the bed and gave some really quite satisfying CBJ, nice and deep she went and it looked fantastic. We started fucking in missionary and the sight of her full and clean shaven pussy with my cock pounding inside was just what I wanted. Her body looked superb from my vantage point too and that was enough for me.

She finished off giving me a nice and firm all over massage.

For the money she was pretty good value, but we didn't really click personality wise. I'd see her again, definitely, if there weren't other options. But I'm just biding my time until Katie Kennedy is back in town.

Chloe is based in Sydney and reckons she'll be down once every couple of weeks. She offers doubles apparently with a girl called Casey. There's some conjecture in the WA thread on PP if they're sisters and some inconsistency over the service they offer.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 23rd April 2012, 10:03 PM
Poster ID: 2horny
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
great review.


