Thread Title: Christina Joy (tour) - Turner - 0449 898 695
Floor: #1
Post Time: 5th November 2016, 02:52 PM
Poster ID: Lustvader
Post Title: 
 Christina Joy (tour) - Turner - 0449 898 695
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Christina Joy

Establishment : private 

Date of Visit : August 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0449 898 695 | Christina Joy | Passionate European Escort & Playmate | backpage ad

Hours of Business : 8am - 10pm, but check with her

Rates : $280/45mins ($400/hr now)

Age : late 20s

Size/shape : size 12/14, 5'9", voluptuous

Nationality or Ethnicity : Dutch

Services Provided : GFE

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : Having had my eye on Miss Joy for the best part of a year but circumstances conspiring to thwart us connecting earlier, either at her home base in Sydney or on tour, I jumped at the chance to see her on a recent visit to the capital. She was staying in a serviced apartment in Canberra's inner north; I possibly may have seen Chilli and/or Ella in the same building at some stage.

Christina is exactly as she appears on her website: a gorgeous, tall, curvy, smiling/laughing blonde. If full-figured girls are not to your taste, you'll want to skip this one. I love voluptuous women so was instantly glad I finally made it into her arms. Etc. I found her to be friendly, cheerful and happy, genuinely so and not over the top, i.e. not that phoney bubbly personality you sometimes have to endure. If you have a thing for European accents like me, you'll also find her Dutch voice (with a hint of Aussie twang) a turn on.

We did a fair bit of kissing to begin with, undressed, then pashed some more. Luckily, she enjoys DFK and seemed into it. And me. The GFE was living up to its name. I paid an appropriate amount of attention to her beautiful boobs, encouraged by her moans as I licked her nipples. She performed a satisfactory CBJ, with some welcome ball licking (which makes shaving down there so worth it!), before I indicated my readiness for the main event. 

We tried cowgirl, doggy and missionary. The last was clearly my favourite: fucking Christina while lost in her deep blue eyes and being urged on by her soft sweet kisses and smile was tops. When I felt things were reaching a crescendo, I positioned myself astride her belly and removed the well-tested prophylactic and Christina finished me off over her ample breasts. After a quick clean-up, she gave me a body rub for the rest of my remaining minutes and chatted -- always appreciate it when they don't try to bundle you out the door before you've even come down from your high.

In short, if you like cute, curvy girls, Christina will send you on your way wearing one of her smiles.


