Thread Title: CK Sexy girl 0434 357 888
Floor: #1
Post Time: 3rd August 2016, 05:39 PM
Poster ID: 2horny
Post Title: 
 CK Sexy girl 0434 357 888
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : CK

Establishment : Private (not Argyle)
Date of Visit : August 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : http://canberra.backpage.com/FemaleE...357888/9510642

Hours of Business : 9am to 00:00

Rates : 
 *** Price 
30 mins = 130 
45 mins = 160 
60 mins = 190

Age : Probably late 20's, early 30's.

Size/shape : Short, slim, petit.  probably 5 foot 3, proportionally slim with very round implants.  Breasts look huge on her small frame but not DD.  Long bleached blonde hair with black roots.  Face is average, but body was hot and I made the decision to stay (rather than walk) in a heartbeat.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : CBJ/FS

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : 
First thing to note is that the phone number (0434 357 888) has been recycled to various different girls who travel in from interstate.  The also use the same apartment (which was in Argyle but is now in Braddon).  There is another person in the apartment, a guy.  Normally this would be an older lady, but whatever.

The apartment is in a complex with a security gate and you need to buzz to get in.  Once in the neat and clean apartment (relative to the Argyle apartments), I saw CK and she was in the fishnet body stocking thing and her breasts were trying to escape out the top.  I smiled and she led me to the bedroom where we took care of business.  She's kinda cold and businesslike about the whole thing - in all my punting experience, this is the biggest YMMV factor, so if you like the look of her, I think you should try at least once.

We start off awkwardly as it's a cold day.  I want to put my hands on her, but instead I'm warming them over the heater.  We're standing and she starts teasing me with her naked body.  rubbing me with her breasts and touching me softly down my chest to my groin and then down my shaft.  It's all pretty sexy and I'm getting warmed up to the deed.  When my hands are warm, I reciprocate the touching and kissing but our height difference means I have to do contortions to get my mouth near her neck.  We then get on the bed and she does the nipple licking and breast teasing thing for a little.  then on goes the condom and she gives me a good BJ.  lots of deep throat and standard BJ action.  nothing to complain about.

I squeeze her breasts and admire her fine form in the mirror as she does her work on me.  it's all pretty good and I'm smiling.  She then gets some lube and gets on top.  Good motion but she never seemed 100% comfortable in cowgirl.  I liked it and could have gone on for longer but she wanted to change positions after a few minutes.  I tried a couple of other positions with her on top.  one where I could suck on her breasts while she rode me, but again the height difference was a bit of a joy-kill.  so into missionary.  I got into a good steady rhythm and she was making all the right noises.  [after the fact, it was probably all fake, but i really feel for it on the day].  I concentrated on lasting as long as I could while enjoying myself.  We changed to doggie which was good again, but I was too deep for her to pound hard, so I got her to lay down into caterpillar.  I could get one hand on one of her magnificent breasts and the other supporting me while I fucked her to climax.  she didn't rush me out which was great and I could feel her tighten her pussy on me when I was cumming.

She cleaned me up and gave me a massage.  it wasn't very good and I was scared she would do inadvertent damage to me.  I might skip the massages from any cracker girls from now on.

So all in all, pretty good.  a little cold in demeanor, but certainly doesn't rush you, clean apartment, real photos, smoking hot body and deep throat.

and all at a good price.


