Thread Title: Coco - Braddon - 0452 536 838
Floor: #1
Post Time: 9th August 2018, 02:54 PM
Poster ID: Davidw2
Post Title: 
 Coco - Braddon - 0452 536 838
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Coco (current name) Chinese group number

Establishment : Apartment in Braddon

Date of Visit : 8 August 2018

Phone : 0452536838

Hours of Business : 9am - 9pm (text not answered after 9pm)

Rates : $200 for 1 hour 

Age : late 20's / early 30's

Size/shape :  B cup (not firm) shaved

Nationality or Ethnicity : Taiwan, very little English

Services Provided : Sex, DATY, BBBJ, kissing

Value for money/recommend? :  Yes

My experience/comments:

The phone number is used by Chinese group (along with at least 3 other numbers) and the adverts do not reflect who you will see but the girls tend to be on the same number / address for a couple of weeks - then change hotels. This girl moves to another hotel on 12th till 31st etc. The advert suggests  Coco is from Japan / Brazil but she was from Taiwan and spoke Chinese and very little English.

Easy to arrange and book and she greated me in lingerie at the door and a sexy kiss (had other costumes in the room). Dealt with $'s first $200 plus extras for natural services ( the Chinese adverts basically follow the same costs for the various extras and are under different Sophia (the boss) user names on Locanto. 
Quick shower and then onto the bed and straight to BBBJ - too quick for me so we slowed down - kisses and cuddles which then changed the pace. 

Coco was very cuddly and responsive and we progressed to BBBJ which was slow and wet and she looked up at me in a sexy way. I swung her around for some 69 and then as she got more into it onto her back for DATY which was excellent - she was very wet and responsive and came strongly with one leg locked around my head.

Once we settled onto the main course which for me ended up being a bit quicker than planned but hey I was excited and she seemed pretty happy. After a quick clean up she offered to give me a massage - I accepted but she doesn't really know how to massage so we gave that up a few kisses and cuddles and shower was a better option.

I would go back to see this girl but it is always a real punt with these numbers as you do not really know who you
 will see. She is currently on this advertisement number and only works in Canberra


