Thread Title: CoCo - Canberra - 0402 227 629
Floor: #1
Post Time: 24th August 2014, 11:27 PM
Poster ID: mrroy
Post Title: 
 CoCo - Canberra - 0402 227 629
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : CoCo

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : July 2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : New! New! New Japanese Beauty - Very Attractive

Hours of Business : 

Rates : $80/30 mins massage $110 30 mins FS

Age : 25 -35

Size/shape : size 8 slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Japanese

Services Provided : massage, CBJ, FS

Value for money/recommend? : Not VFM, but an experience

My experience/comments : 
Found this one on Cracker.  Rang to book, but didn't have confidence the booking was taken so called a second time.  It was clear that nothing had been written down, but there was still availability.

As it turned out, I was staying in the same building, so had to go through the charade of going outside, ringing and then being let back in when it came time for the appointment.

Was greeted by two cute Asian ladies in lingerie.  I got CoCo, but had the distinct impression that it could have been either one of them.  Had booked just a massage with happy ending, and as we got into the room was quizzed about why no FS - I just didn't feel like it.  I handed over two pineapples and got no change.  CoCo said she would add in a body slide and CBJ, so I went with the flow.  We both stripped off all our clothes.  CoCo was a cutie with C-D bolt ons and the odd small tattoo.

The massage could be best surprised as frantic.  Bits of me were prodded, poked and rubbed all the while with CoCo talking a mile a minute.  She told me she was from Tokyo and studying nursing.  She took a couple of calls from an angry sounding man she said was her boss, so I get the impression this was her full time gig.

The flip came quickly, and before I knew it a dom had been popped on an unprepared junior.  CoCo worked it (frantically, once again) and soon all systems were go.  Then, before I knew it the raincoat was off and CoCo had oiled up her hand for the tug.  You guessed it, she was going for the land speed tug record.  I had hardly touched her, so while this was going on I sat up and awkwardly made a lunge to try to get my laughing gear around her beautiful brown nipples.  Missed, and ended up embarrassedly placing a light peck on her ribcage (she was standing at the end of the bed by this stage).  She'd made it clear that there would be no touching downstairs so I didn't even try, but did ask her to give me a look at it to get me over the line.

All the while, CoCo was talking.  Got a nice cleanup, and a long chat about why people shouldn't be so sad as we got dressed.  I checked my watch as I was bundled out the door - the appointment had lasted a total of 21 minutes (and didn't include the promised body slide).  Even so, I was glad for a bit of peace and quiet and left happier and 20 ml drier.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 25th August 2014, 06:19 AM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
CoCo's Cracker ad,





			
				New! New! New Japanese Beauty , very attractive!
(this ad originated from outside australia)

Price: $100.00
Location: Canberra
Viewed: 9424
Date Posted: 20/08/2014
Ad ID: 404345888

Unable to Render Image

For the first time working in Canberra, I am 22 yrs young Japanese girl who is ready to give you a unforgetable journey.

I have very nice body just like model, size8, D-cup. Sweetest smile always make you feel confortable. High quality full service with excellent massage skill certainly will lead you to the top.

Just minutes walk from Canberra Centre.

Full service
$110/half hour $180 /hourly

Out-call
from $150/half hour $200/hourly

Call me now to make your booking for the best experience.

My gender: F
Looking for : M
contact seller
Phone: 0402227629


