Thread Title: Coco  - Reid, Canberra - 0401 435 879
Floor: #1
Post Time: 6th June 2016, 02:21 AM
Poster ID: lt8
Post Title: 
 Coco  - Reid, Canberra - 0401 435 879
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Coco

Establishment : Private apartment- Reid ACT

Date of Visit : 13/5/16

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0401435879 ***Hot private Asian Coco new in here***-0401435879 - Canberra escorts - cracker.com.au

Hours of Business : Not specified- call to book

Rates : Massage: 100/half hr, 150/hr. FS: 150/half hr 220/hr

Age : 25

Size/shape : 8 D 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian- Korean

Services Provided : Massage, FS

Value for money/recommend? : No

My experience/comments : 

Hey fellow punters, found Coco on cracker.com and contacted her via txt. Did make a point of asking her whether her photos were genuine to which she said yes. Anyhow setup the punt and arrived at her door. An older girl answers and ushers me in...but not the same girl i see in the ad. At this point im wondering whether to bail, but before i get a chance she takes off her robe to reveal a nice set of tits. I look downstairs and she is clean shaven too...she is heading to the shower and leads me there too...but very smoothly works out what i want and for how long on the way. Shower together and into the bedroom, where she starts with some soft kisses on my chest, works her way to nipples and gives them a good lick and suck while she slowly massages my balls. She rubs her tits on my cock and goes into a cbj. Nothing really to rave about here...it was pretty standard...in fact everything here on in is pretty standard almost like a rehearsed act. Cowgirl first where i did get a nice view of those tits and then into missionary and then finished with doggy. 

All in all it was ok. Yes it wasnt the same girl as in pic- she was a little older...but despite this, she was very nice and did put an effort in. She had very soft skin and a nice moan. The reason i said no for recomendation is mainly because of her not being honest in her ad- and that it could mislead other punters. i could of walked away from the start but i guess something made me stay and punt...maybe those tits!  

Had another interesting punt a few weeks later- but ill put it in a new post. 

Cheers fellow punters!


