Thread Title: Danika - Canberra (tour) - 0474 228 623
Floor: #1
Post Time: 22nd February 2014, 02:37 PM
Poster ID: Lustvader
Post Title: 
 Danika - Canberra (tour) - 0474 228 623
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Danika

Establishment : private

Date of Visit : February 2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0474 228 623

Hours of Business : 10am - 8pm

Rates : $220/hr ($140/half hr)

Age : late 20s (?)

Size/shape : 10, D cup

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : FS (but...)

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : I'd noticed this CT ad for a week or so and decided to investigate and TOFTT since there no other reviews here that I could find: 'AUSSIE DANIKA Busty blue-eyed blonde, sexy and sensual. Visiting Canberra. 0474 228 623'.  Danika sounded friendly on the phone and I managed to get a same-day booking for an hour.  She was staying in the familiar dump in Reid but this apartment turned out to be quite decent from the inside.

When I arrived, there was another girl watching TV but I didn't pay much attention to her because I was struck by Danika's beauty as she let me in the door with a lovely smile.  She was exactly as advertised and I was most pleased: shoulder-length blonde hair, nice face with dark blue eyes, gorgeous full natural bust on a shapely figure.  Me like.  

Once we were alone in the bedroom and undressed, I admired her body: she has a healthy glow, her breasts are perfect and not a tattoo in sight.  Danika began with a light massage using moisturiser as we chatted away.  She is a bit of a talker, which can detract from the sensuality of the experience sometimes, but I didn't mind too much as she is very easy on the eye and has a pleasant voice.  After I turned over, she proceeded to give me a very nice CBJ using her tongue expertly and no hint of teeth.  This is clearly her forte and she seemed to enjoy performing it.  I then got her to lay on her back and kissed her soft lips, cheek, neck and boobs.  Although I didn't try very hard, I got the sense DFK was not on offer.  I worked my way down but her legs remained closed, so I lifted one and kissed her inner thigh and calf, glancing down at my ultimate destination.  Alas, the leg came down again and I had to satisfy myself with smooching her landing strip, which elicited a gentle moan but obviously sesame was not going to open today.  Again, I didn't explicitly ask the question, because I didn't want to spoil the mood with an overt rejection, but DATY appeared to be off the menu too.  

So, since it seemed foreplay was going to be limited, I got her to climb on top and enjoyed the view as she slowly rode Little Richard, her beautiful breasts gently swaying back and forth.  All too soon, I was done and she deftly cleaned me up, after which we lay talking for quite a while.  She is very easy to talk to and I enjoyed her chatter.  This was the second time she and Erika (the girl watching TV in the other room) had visited Canberra in a few months and they seemed to really like it here.  It sounded like they would return in the not too distant future so that's good news.

As time was marching on, Danika gave me another long CBJ and we tried doggy and mish for a bit, before she got me to lay back and gave me a slow HJ.  She has a lovely gentle touch, not one of those tight grips that try and strangle the poor fellow, and as I got close, asked her to speed up and lick my nipple.  That was enough to get me over the line again and I left feeling like a winner.  Her rate is pretty good, despite the two abovementioned exclusions, considering she is very attractive and good company.  Punter's paradox, I guess: she takes good care of herself and doesn't want to engage in any activity that could pose the slightest risk, which in turn makes you want to indulge in those activities even more because you know she is likely to be very clean and healthy, as well as being a good sort.  Anyway, I look forward to seeing her again.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 24th February 2014, 08:31 AM
Poster ID: Fuzzynuts
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Any idea how long she's in town?


Floor: #3
Post Time: 24th February 2014, 08:11 PM
Poster ID: Lustvader
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Sorry, mate, you've missed them: they were due to fly out at sparrows on Sunday.  Danika said they would probably be back in a couple of months or so, really seemed to enjoy it here.


