Thread Title: Danni - Canberra (tour) - 0424 955 287
Floor: #1
Post Time: 18th March 2014, 11:29 PM
Poster ID: Lustvader
Post Title: 
 Danni - Canberra (tour) - 0424 955 287
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Danni

Establishment : private

Date of Visit : March 2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0424 955 287 | cracker and CT ads

Hours of Business : unknown

Rates : $300/hr

Age : mid-20s

Size/shape : 10, C cup

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : FS

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : After a couple of ordinary punts, I decided to stick to a few dependable MLs and a visit to the well-reviewed Cougar Town over recent weeks.  Then I got an itch to try someone new and TOFTT.  Danni's ad stood out amongst the touring high-priced hooker parade on cracker so I gave her a crack.  Very glad I did.

She advertised dress-ups and role-plays as part of her service, so I enquired what was on offer when making the booking.  Schoolgirl and nurse.  Naturally, I succumbed to the lecherous side of my nature and selected the schoolgirl option.  Luckily, she could see me in an hour and I soon found myself at the door of her new-ish apartment in the city.

Danni is a tall (5'11" maybe) size 10 brunette with lovely long hair and a natural full bust.  She greeted me in a faux schoolgirl outfit and I instantly knew I'd struck gold.  She was a bit shy but in a very endearing way.  Business and shower out of the way, I joined her in the spacious bedroom and we got to know each other, with plenty of DFK.  As a fan of CFNM, being stark naked in front of a still clothed hot girl was a huge turn on, even more so given her costume.  At my suggestion, she took my raging hard-on in hand and led me slowly around the room, her hips swaying under her tiny tartan skirt and her pony tail swinging from side to side.

We had a bit of fun with some light-hearted role-play and then Danni lay on the bed as I stood beside it and she proceeded to give me a fantastic BJ.  Looking down at her take all of Little Richard in her sexy mouth, then at our reflection in the massive wardrobe mirror, back down at her, Danni looking up at me with her soft brown eyes... bliss.  Little Richard was so excited he was twitching and bobbing around so that her mouth had to chase him around before trapping him between her lips again -- we both giggled like schoolgirls.

Next, it was time for Danni to shed her uniform and let down her hair; instantly, the shy schoolgirl was transformed into a gorgeous young woman.  I fondled her boobs and licked and sucked her nipples for a bit, but couldn't wait to go down on her and DATY was as good as I'd imagined.  She was clean and sweet and loved being licked.  Her gentle moans were not confected and turned me on even more.

By this stage, I really wanted to fuck this girl, so on with the dom and some doggy, followed by mish and cowgirl.  Danni was great in all positions and I couldn't believe I lasted so long.  There was a problem, however: it was a hot day and the room was not getting any AC, so I was sweating like a pig and beginning to flag.  With 15 minutes left, Danni sucked and stroked me, I stroked myself as she looked on, then asked her to jerk me off as I felt myself approach the finish line.  The sustained state of excitement manifested in a satisfactorily powerful ejaculation and Danni, good girl that she is, did not stop wanking me until every drop was out.  There was just enough time for a quick shower and I departed in a very good mood.  My only regret was not being able to make her cum, but as discussed in another thread, we can't expect WLs to have an orgasm with every punter they see or they'd be a quivering wreck.

I enjoyed my session with Danni so much that I was seriously planning on seeing her again on her last night in town a few days later, but... The night before I was on here perusing the 'favourite free porn sites' thread, one thing led to another and... Well, I decided I didn't need the services of a WL again quite so soon.    I shall look out for her next visit though, as I found Danni VFM at her current rate and think a GFE booking would be well worth it.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 18th March 2014, 11:38 PM
Poster ID: Lustvader
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Danni's cracker ad:

SAUCEY BRUNETTE BOMBSHELL

Hi gentlemen my name is Danni, 

I'm a 24 year old Australian/Italian brunette with big brown bedroom eyes a perfect C cup natural breasts with a glowing tanned size 10 body silky smooth skin with curves in the right places. 

Im fun loving, cheeky, passionate, girlfriend experience. I can be your gorgeous girlfriend for the night or your perfect playmate. My girlfriend experience is un rushed i love to explore one another intellectually and erotically. I will leave you feeling satisfied, relaxed and wanting more xox 

RATES: 
$200 HALF 
$300 HOUR 

SERVICES: 
*DRESS UP/ ROLE PLAY 
*EROTIC MASSAGE 
*STRIP TEASE 
*MUTUAL ORAL 
*MUTUAL MASTURBATION 
*PASSIONATE KISSING 
*GFE 
*DIRTY TALK 
*GOLDEN SHOWER 

CT ad:

??? DANNI ???26 y/o, busty, brunette, avail until Tues. Call  0424 955 287


Floor: #3
Post Time: 18th March 2014, 11:39 PM
Poster ID: Lustvader
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
<duplicate post deleted>


