Thread Title: Destiny Xu - Canberra (Tour)
Floor: #1
Post Time: 21st October 2013, 03:43 PM
Poster ID: ABC_Bonker
Post Title: 
 Destiny Xu - Canberra (Tour)
				
Post Content: 
​Person's Name : Destiny Xu

Establishment : Private working Lady

                        Destiny Xu – A fantasy sugar babe

Date of Visit : 13th September 2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Destiny Xu | Elite SugarBabe | Home

                                                    Narrabundah Motel

Hours of Business : 10am til late

Rates : $600 – Hour, $1000 – 1.5 Hours, $1200 – 2 Hours, $1600 – 3 Hours, $2000 – 4 Hours

Age : 22yo

Size/shape : Approximately 168cm, 50Kg, 30C-24-33, slim and athletic

Nationality or Ethnicity : Vietnamese / Canadian

Services Provided : BBBJ, DATY, 69, FS,DFK, rimming (on her).MSOG, GFE / PSE

Value for money/recommend? : YES.

My experience/comments :

Note : Reposted as original posting appears to have been lost when advertising removed.

Have noticed from the banner ad on this site that Destiny was visiting Australia (for the first time) and decided to experience what one can get for $600 / hr and to treat myself to a young sexy fantasy sugarbabe.

I had been liaising with Destiny via email whilst she was on her first leg of her tour in Sydney.  She prefers email rather than phone calls / SMS as she has been having problems with her phone during international tours.   I found out that she had booked into a hotel in Narrabundah, mistakenly thinking this was in the CBD and also of 5 star quality.  Unfortunately, it was too late to change her booking once I had advised that Narrabundah was not in the CBD and the hotel was not really of a 5 star rating either.

When I entered her room, Destiny was as sexy and beautiful as her pics (on her website / cracker ads).  An exotic blend of sexy French / Canadian accent, tanned and toned Asian body with blonde coloured hair.  Destiny met me in a sexy white corset, stockings & suspenders, g-string and 15cm high heels. (mouth watering!)

After the customary shower, we cuddled, talked and teased, she is a great kisser and her BBBJ was one of the best I have had for a while (perfect sucking / teasing – lollipop technique without making me want to shoot too quickly although MSOG was on  offer).   Once she was undressed with me assisting, I noticed she had a nice smooth shaven pussy and an ass to die for.

I have never gone down on a WL before but that pussy was just too delicious to resist.  I turned her over on hands and knees to admire that ass before giving her a good rimming.  During foreplay, she would continually return to lick and suck me to keep me fully aroused (not that this was required this session, but was an endearing quality nevertheless).  She eventually dommed me up (using her mouth) and we started and ended in the cowgirl position.

Destiny is a true courtesan (especially for one so seemingly young), it was an un-rushed service, no clock watching, intelligent, a great conversationalist  and all wrapped up in such a sexy package.  I can’t wait to see her again, she mentioned she is keen to come back to check out Australia’s beaches during summer.​


