Thread Title: Donna - Reid - 0411 553 574
Floor: #1
Post Time: 15th January 2013, 05:02 PM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: 
 Donna - Reid - 0411 553 574
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Donna 

Establishment : Currong St Reid ACT

Date of Visit : Week beginning 14/1/2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Ad in paper

Hot - Asian Sexy, desirable, v/busty, extras. Ph 0411 553 574.

also listed as Donna, much the same description.

Hours of Business : Don't know.

Rates : $70 / 30 mins $130 / 60 mins for RnT. FS not known.

Age : Probably mid to late twenties

Size/shape : MILF but slender with enormous rack. 10 - 12 I think. Not sure if they
are the ones she was born with since they hang quite well.

Nationality or Ethnicity : European I think. Could be Asian but a bigger woman and creamier skin than usual.

Services Provided : RnT and FS. 

Value for money/recommend? : Good. Will return.

My experience/comments : 

The venue is the house on Currong St where Mata used to work. Those that fondly remember seeing Mata in those premises
will notice changes. Her room is still used for one of the two business rooms for the resident WLs. All the junk and
bric a brak is gone although a TV remains. The bed is in the same position but looks lower and different.

It is no longer a residence and the charm of being surrounded by Mata's junk and stuff is gone. The place has the usual
spartan hotel feel with no trace of personality.

The mamasan introduced me to the lady and I accepted her. Donna is a biggish lady with creamy skin and long dark hair, dressed in black panties and lingerie top. Quite a lot of a large bosom was visible above the black lace top.

Donna asked me for a shower and showed me to the loo (out the back trough the kitchen. It has an antique manual latch.

By myself in the shower, using the shower head that Mata used to use with such alacrity was so so. 

Back in the room, Donna invited me to lay on the bed, removed the towel from my waste (laughing with some
animation) and started to rub the back, bum and legs. Not firm, not especially sensual but soft and nice. 
Those seeking kink removal will prob be disappointed. She offered oil that I declined and either used
body lotion or her nice soft hands. When she started on the crack it really felt like she was using lubricant so
I had to roll over.

She then removed her top after I began to pat her back and show that the male part was enjoying her work.
She didn't seem to mind gentle touching of her superb breasts. I touched a little bit but didn't go further.

Then she placed herself between my legs and began to stroke both the sack and the shaft with lotion lubed
hands. Very very nice. I responded appropriately and she feigned being impressed or gladness - probably the
latter at getting me out of there quickly (was only there for twenty or so minutes).

I had a good time. Donna seemed pleasant and at least moderately interested and keen to see the punting
public have a good time.

I would return but she's a Sydney-sider down for a week and then who knows when.


Thank you Donna.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 15th January 2013, 09:36 PM
Poster ID: aaki
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
thanks for the review


Floor: #3
Post Time: 23rd February 2013, 08:52 PM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
If it's not obvious, this is a venue for visiting WLs.

The current name is

SOPHIA - NEW Sexy, lovely Asian, v/busy, extras. Ph 0411 553 574

(as you can see from the Donna ad, they are great respectors of truth in advertising)

For what it's worth, I have called the number and got no answer. It may be that some weeks there are no ladies.


