Thread Title: Electra - Canberra (tour) - 0412 569 969
Floor: #1
Post Time: 12th January 2014, 05:15 PM
Poster ID: Lustvader
Post Title: 
 Electra - Canberra (tour) - 0412 569 969
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Electra

Establishment : private

Date of Visit : January 2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0412 569 969 Contact « Electra Amore

Hours of Business : varies

Rates : $300/hr

Age : late 30s

Size/shape : 12, curvy

Nationality or Ethnicity : Italo-Australian

Services Provided : p-spot massage

Value for money/recommend? : Not for me this time

My experience/comments : Saw Mistress Electra A'more's ad on Cracker under Adult services for a one-day tour of Canberra, decided I didn't want to be tortured and what have you (pain isn't my thing).  Then saw an ad for prostate massage by the same lady under Escort/adult, decided that is something I wanted to try.  Called and discussed her service, she sounded very knowledgeable and reassuring, agreed to confirm booking by text the next day.  I'd intended a 30min massage but on her advice, as I was an anal virgin, went for a 45min session at $250.

After arriving at her serviced apartment, Electra sat me down and explained how the session would unfold, focusing on the breathing technique I should employ to relax me and make the experience pleasurable.  She got me to lie on my front on the bed on a towel, splayed my legs apart and sat between them, gently running her fingers over my legs, buttocks and between the cheeks.  All the while, I was breathing the way she had asked me to (long breath in the nose and slowly letting it out through the mouth).  She used coconut oil and a latex-gloved finger to eventually penetrate my crack, gently easing her way in as far as she could -- which unfortunately was not far enough.  Long story short, she failed to gain access to my inner sanctum; it seems my internal anal sphincter was just too tight and nearly cut off the circulation in her digit.  I thought I was pretty relaxed and receptive to her attempts at penetration but obviously not quite enough.

Electra asked me to turn over and massaged my tackle for a while until it became clear nothing was going to happen, then my time expired and I left with nothing to show for it but a slightly sore arse.  Electra was gentle and reassuring and seems to know what she is doing, but it just didn't work for me on this occasion.  Those curious to try a prostate massage should probably check if ready access is possible on their own before blowing a wad (of cash) like I did.  I wonder what'll happen when I eventually go for a prostate exam -- how's the doc going to get in there??


Floor: #2
Post Time: 14th January 2014, 01:02 PM
Poster ID: lofty14u
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I know exactly what you went through. I'm the same and cannot tolerate anything being stuck up my freckle. I find it very uncomfortable and avoid it if a ml or WL attempts to massage my prossie. I don't mind external freckle massage, but defo no insertion!!
In answer to your question about a genuine prostrate exam, I've had it once before and it made my eyes POP! The Dr said he was going to do it, but no warning so to speak and the well lubed finger was straight up lofty's back passage. I even turned around to make sure it actually was his finger, never can be too sure eh. So rest assured, when a qualified dr does it, it'll happen my friend, it'll happen!


Floor: #3
Post Time: 14th January 2014, 01:14 PM
Poster ID: exmelpunter
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Guys when you get to emps age you can EXPECT a lubed up digit up the jacksie when you visit your GP. It's important to get it checked out regularly and the only way is with a qualified finger probing your arse. It could be worse!!!


Floor: #4
Post Time: 14th January 2014, 02:57 PM
Poster ID: WOTAN01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by exmelpunter


Guys when you get to emps age you can EXPECT a lubed up digit up the jacksie when you visit your GP. It's important to get it checked out regularly and the only way is with a qualified finger probing your arse. It could be worse!!
"""



Fully agree EMP, males over the age of 40 with a family history of PC need to do this regularly and all males after the age of 50; just relax and it is not uncomfortable. Like blood pressure prostate can be the silent killer so get examined. The earlier that something is diagnosed, the higher the chance of being treated successfully. A hell of a lot better than the alternative death is so permanent.

Not advocating it as a sexual turn on in a session but some fellows seem to like it.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 14th January 2014, 10:50 PM
Poster ID: Lustvader
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks for the sage words, gents.  I shall not be shy about getting it checked out (though would prefer if my doc was a she for this procedure!), having seen what PC did to a mate's dad some years back.  Ironic how something associated with exquisite ecstasy can be the source of such pain and misery too.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 15th January 2014, 03:22 PM
Poster ID: jd316
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks for the review . I was toying with the idea of ringing this lady. Glad I didn't. Have had prostate massage done 4 times. Twice ,with a finger quickly inserted it was very uncomfortable. The other two times with vey gentle insertion ( MLs  Danni and Melissa) the orgasm during a HJ was very intense.


