Thread Title: Elisa #elisa1217
Floor: #1
Post Time: 24th December 2019, 04:04 PM
Poster ID: 2horny
Post Title: 
 Elisa #elisa1217
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Elisa

Establishment : Belco prvt apmt

Date of Visit : December 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.escortsandbabes.com.au/P...ent/elisa1217/

Phone :0414 811 860

Hours of Business : 

Rates : 
incall Full Service Rates:
  - $130 for 30min.
  - $160 for 45min.
  - $200 for 1 hour.


Age : probably late 20s early 30s

Size/shape : Short, slim, A cups, long hair, photos are real.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : FS/BJ/Massage/DATY

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : I spent a whole week waiting for the smoke to clear and meanwhile, I got a tip off about Elisa.  So I called to check her out one night.  Communications are by the pimp who probably manages all the girls in this particular apartment block.  so smooth, quick, clear.
When I got in the door, I saw Elisa and she was just as her photos, attractive.  We discussed Dragon service and there were some good options there, so $200 for Dragon service.

Elisa gave me a towel and asked me to shower, where she joined me.  I had my back to the shower door, and she came in and started lathering me up from behind.  pretty good, a bit of role reversal of the classic James Bond scene.  Shower BJ with Elisa on her knees was good, she has a pretty face, so it was blissful to watch her suck on me.

We kiss quite a bit in the shower too. light with some tongue.  5 minutes in the shower, then dry off and onto the bed where she continued with the BJ for another 5.  She uses tissues a little more than necessary.   but it's ok by me.  after the 5 minutes, she looks up to see if I was satisfied.  not quite, 69?  yes!

Elisa has a full bush, so I had to part the curtains to work her into a spasm.  Tissues for her and for me, next up, Elisa gets into reverse cowgirl and bounces up and down for a bit.  All good, then doggy, and I pound her hard.  Elisa eggs me on, "harder", "give it to me", "show me."  ok, I'm close, so I stop and spin her around for some dfk, then bj to the finish line.

After, she goes to the bathroom to gargle and spit, it all follows from the use of tissues.  Then I get a massage for a while before i have to shower and leave.

The conversation was minimal as her English was basic.  but she eventually understood everything I said.  Elisa was pretty energetic and enthused and I'm sure she'd been busy all day.  All in all, pretty good and I would return.


