Thread Title: Emily - Canberra - 0450 452 026
Floor: #1
Post Time: 7th June 2015, 10:30 AM
Poster ID: LightsAU
Post Title: 
 Emily - Canberra - 0450 452 026
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Emily 

Establishment : Private Appartment 

Date of Visit : May 2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Emily Sexy Redhead - Canberra escorts - backpage.com

Hours of Business : Morning till late

Rates : $200 / 30 mins

Age : 23-25

Size/shape : 10 Curvy 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : Full Service
 Y
Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments :

A beautiful girl with amazing breasts and an ass to die for. Man, what a woman, she really turned me on!. She looked the same as the girl on her ad, and thank you!.

Booked an appointment, spoke over the phone, arranged details. Got to the location (southside area), knocked on the door (a male answered) wasn't sure if this was the right place? but they said oh you after Emily? I said yes please  was very friendly dude, walked inside and saw a beauty sitting on a bed across the room. I must say I was a little nervous because I don't normally get greeted by somebody else at the door, but I would say for safety reasons I totally understand why he is there, and that is fine with me. 

If you can get past that, my word! she is a pretty girl. Once I payed (30 minutes for $200), she came up and hugged and kissed me. Took a shower, wasn't too keen on the state of the apartment (bathroom and stuff) all I could think is that, well it's a good thing she is a stunner, so it's a small compromise. Got into the room, my heart was pounding, she showed off her gorgeous body, asked me if I wanted to have a look at those melons, wow... and then she stood up turned around pull her dress down, and revealed that lovely ass, I couldn't resist I had to kiss it (multiple time) ahhh bliss. 

Anyway, from their on in, some more fondling. And she hopped on top, bouncing up and down, while I got mauled by her melons, because they were so big, they fit perfectly on my face. great stuff!. Changed positions, hopped on top for the missionary, and couldn't hold on... So afterwards, chatted for a bit. My only gripe was she didn't remove the condom for me, and their were no tissues in the room? then again it happened so fast, who knows... but I had find my own ways to clean up. It is no big deal, but... she obviously is a busy woman. 
If you can get past the state of the apartment, and hopefully (bring a spare pack of tissues) just in case, there is a beautiful woman to be had. I must say, a refreshing experience after a few bad asian ones. 

Might just stick to white girls for a bit now...


Floor: #2
Post Time: 7th June 2015, 10:50 PM
Poster ID: lofty14u
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hmmm.....not exactly good value @ $200/30mins. Dirty bathroom, self clean of cock, self removal of the full bag. Not my cuppa tea.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 7th June 2015, 11:06 PM
Poster ID: Snapper79
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by lofty14u


Hmmm.....not exactly good value @ $200/30mins. Dirty bathroom, self clean of cock, self removal of the full bag. Not my cuppa tea
"""



Perhaps he's not experienced a punter then lofty? I know that others remove the bag for you, and clean you up. Either with baby wipe or their tongue. And the shower afterwards so you go back with the no sex smell.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 8th June 2015, 09:05 AM
Poster ID: LightsAU
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Yes the self removal of the bag was "interesting". Well, that is why the review here, so you know what to expect. Good luck, happy punting!


