Thread Title: Emily - Reid - 0424 977 712
Floor: #1
Post Time: 7th June 2016, 04:18 PM
Poster ID: ABC_Bonker
Post Title: 
 Emily - Reid - 0424 977 712
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name:Emily

Establishment: private

Date of Visit:This week

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: Phone 0424 977 712

Hours of Business: Ring Emily 

Rates: 

Ad says 

$100 for 20 minutes
$130 for half an hour
$150 for 45 minutes
$180 for one hour

SMS says

$140 // 30 minutes
$180 // 45 minutes
$200 // 60 minutes

Age:40

Size/shape:Size 12, chubby, 160cm, 34E

Nationality or Ethnicity: Taiwanese / Japanese mix

Services Provided: Full Service, Dirty talk, BBBJ, Anal (on offer).

Value for money/recommend?: Yes and unrushed.

My experience/comments:

Checking over the Cracker ads over the past week and was intrigued by Emily's ads.  Yes ads, she appears to have 4 or 5 ads going over the past week, most going by the name Emily but also as Laura and Kitty (Persian).  As her Air Stewardess ad had the slightly cheaper rates I decided to book her for an hour.  Got an SMS back with her more expensive rates.

Got to her Building complex and phoned her to advise I had arrived.  She texted back her Building and room number within the complex.  I had to pass two lots of tradies at the entrance and got the evil eye, probably thinking "here's another sleazy punter"  lol.  Unfortunately, Emily had given me the wrong Building id and I ended up walking three times past the said tradies.  I phoned her back and she realised she had given me the wrong cluster within the complex.  Oh yeah!  Six minutes had been wasted so far.  I should have walked after this episode but Little ABC got the better of me and I pushed on.  Once inside the door, I found myself exposed to the whole of the level two apartments across the courtyard from her as she had taken the curtains down to wash WTF!!!  And Emily had met me at the door in her short cheer leader outfit with the fishnet bra showing off those E sized breasts. 

I scampered into the bedroom quickly (whose door also faced the tenants across the courtyard) and it would be obvious to the tenants (if they were peering out of the blinds) what we were up to.  I asked her where her Air Stewardess uniform was and she knew nothing about it.  Apparently all the ads are being run by her agency's reception and as she has very poor 3G reception in the apartments she can't even see the ads.  That was disappointing as I was looking forward to a bit of role play.

A shower was offered but I had just had one so I stripped off.  I asked Emily to talk "dirty" to me and she obliged although her English is not that good. Somehow through the conversation she became the naughty Auntie and I the lucky nephew LOL.

We explored each other's body for a while and I had a good feel and suck of her huge breasts.  Not sure if she was making it up to me but she gave me a BBBJ (usually an extra cost) including DT.  She had great technique and normally I could last a while but under her skillful tongue and deep suction I pulled out and shot a load across her massive chest.  I wasn't sure if I could go round 2 but she offered me a massage and she gave a pretty decent massage with baby oil.  She said she had a few years working in a massage parlour.

After the massage, she wiped Little ABC down again and commenced another great BBBJ, this time putting a vibrator under my balls.  This combination worked much to my surprise and I got another erection.  She slipped a condom on and we commenced missionary before going to doggie.  Her pussy was fairly tight for a 40yo and it felt great, however I just could not cum a second time and eventually called it quits. Decided against a shower as her bathroom / laundry was a bit of a mess with the curtains being washed and dryer going as well.

Whilst Emily is not a stunner, she certainly makes up for it with her bubbly personality and enthusiasm in the bedroom.  I certainly enjoyed my time with her, the only negative being the exposed lounge room to the neighbours opposite.  As I left, I noticed I had been there 15 minutes longer than the hour so she doesn't appear to be a clock watcher.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 7th June 2016, 04:25 PM
Poster ID: ABC_Bonker
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Her ad, I seem to have run out of my quota for posting images though







ROLE PLAY !! Stunning Air-service attendant, SUPER naughty !! – 40 

Hello Gentleman, I am Emily I came from Taiwan aged 40. I have long dark brown hair and whit smooth skin, a E cup buster with slim juice body size 10. I am pretty, stylish, we-groomed and SEXYYYY. I am well trained service attendant , always please my client a very VIP service !.
Never ever met a sexy hot attendant open her both leg, flirting you come over her comfortable bed ? come here !!! let’s have some erotic fun !.
You want me to be your sweet girlfriend or a horny kinky I can satisfy all your needs.

Looking for some international people spend quality time together, learn more language and their culture. I am educated can speak some simple English and fluent Cantonese and Mandarin. We can talk so much things when I providing a professional relaxing body massage for you. My finger massage is the best!

I also do full service too.

$100 for 20 minutes
$130 for half an hour
$150 for 45 minutes
$180 for one hour

Finger classic massage
Escort body massage
Girlfriend experience
Cum on body and face
Golden shower giving
French kissing
French body touching
Sexy lingerie and high heels
Deep blow job
69 position
Protected sex with many position

Incall / outcall.
No time waster
I provided all genuinely pictures by me.

Available now
Please call 0424 977 712

I will answer all of your question and fantasies come true.
Poster's age: 40
• Location: acton, Canberra

• Post ID: 16383945 canberra


Floor: #3
Post Time: 8th June 2016, 02:54 PM
Poster ID: ABC_Bonker
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Okay, thanks to a tip from Nextlife (https://auxxxreviews.com/forum/f39/a...ploader-42037/), here are some pics from Emily's ad

https://auxxxreviews.com/axrpix/uploads/Em01.jpg

https://auxxxreviews.com/axrpix/uploads/Em02.jpg

https://auxxxreviews.com/axrpix/uploads/Em03.jpg


Floor: #4
Post Time: 8th June 2016, 03:30 PM
Poster ID: ABC_Bonker
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Ooops this might be better


Floor: #5
Post Time: 8th June 2016, 11:17 PM
Poster ID: 2horny
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I assume the photos ARE 100% real.  that'd be a change.  I'm glad some of the WLs are starting to realise that fake photos don't bring in anyone except the beginners.

Still, I hate the agency setup.  the person on the phone will promise anything just to get you into the door.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 9th June 2016, 11:24 AM
Poster ID: ABC_Bonker
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by 2horny


I assume the photos ARE 100% real.  that'd be a change.  I'm glad some of the WLs are starting to realise that fake photos don't bring in anyone except the beginners.

Still, I hate the agency setup.  the person on the phone will promise anything just to get you into the door
"""



I agree about the fake photos.  There are still lots of it happening on Cracker / Backpage though.

The first and third pics are definitely her (with the tatt under her belly button either carefully hidden or photo-shopped out).  The second could well be her too as I caught her fresh out of the shower with no make-up on, hair still wet etc.

Here is a pic of Emily with the same bra and skirt she had on when she met me, with no panties!


