Thread Title: Evi - Reid - 0403 229 143
Floor: #1
Post Time: 15th May 2015, 04:02 PM
Poster ID: LightsAU
Post Title: 
 Evi - Reid - 0403 229 143
				
Post Content: 
Viet Evi, Gorgeous and sexy companion

Person's Name : Evi

Establishment : Argyle Apartments 

Date of Visit : 14/05/2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :  Vietnamese Evi - Gorgeous and sexy companion in Canberra CBD for short stay - Canberra escorts - backpage.com

Hours of Business : 8am - Late

Rates : Standard full service is $110/30mins and $200 for the hour. 

Age : 26 - 30+

Size/shape : 10

Nationality or Ethnicity : Vietnamese 

Services Provided : Full Service / Massage

Value for money/recommend? : No

My experience/comments :
There is a saying "Argyle, nothing ever good happens at Argyle". This has come to be very apparent, and I should of gone with my gut, but curiosity got the better of me, and really needing some booty and boobies.

Sure enough found Evi's ad in backpage,as there's are a bunch of these Vietnanese girls working out of Argyle appartments, you will see a stack of new ads, I believe they are all located in the same appartment or there abouts. Anyway the pros are! The services are cheap! Starting from $70 (massage, BJ, hand) and so on (see web link) pics are real, services are very ordinary. While the ads looking promising, do not let the photo's fool you, like it did to me. 

What made me want to try this out was the pics looked appealing in the ad, look at those melons. Sure enough the pics were real, nice melons, but that is as far it goes I am afraid. The service was so clinical and rehearsed it's not even funny, as if it was scripted.

Money is handed over, shows off her assets while texting on her phone, "you like" of course I say, I like your sexy outfit, and it was sexy, then she asks me to lay on the bed which I do, she then quickly strips off, at this point I'm thinking yep I can see where is leading, asks me to lay on my stomach, massage proceeded one handed, while she was texting, as I saw in the mirror (very clinical) as you would expect, after 5 minutes of that, she gives me her lovely boobies to play with (Highlight of the session).

Whacks on a condom on, and proceeds to BJ, probably about 1 minutes worth if that, then she whacks on some gloves and says I jerk you off? I'mi like umm sure? she starts to jerk, with one hand looking the other way un interested, I'm thinking this is pretty pathetic and far from a turn on. Then starts to try and finger my ass, I said no thanks. Then takes her gloves off and starts with the moaning, takes a quick look on her phone... Ok this sux I'm thinking, the mood is gone, I got soft within seconds, she asked me if I was unhappy, I said I'm ok but the mood is gone, and then I politely said, this is too rushed and very boring, despite her having s nice booty and boobies, I was horny... But not that desperate, as I am respectful at all times despite the situation.

I then said ok I've had enough, pplitejy, let's stop, she then says no no you cum, I said how? She then offers me another girl, calls her in, asks for another 50... I'm like naaa, we shouldn't be in this situation, and I don't want to be down another 50... Because the whole reason I came was the budget price.

Got dressed, proceeded to leave, oh hello there was 3 other girls sitting on the couch, dressed for succeess, all friendly enough, I said how much for a 3 some  it just happens they arrived yesterday, and are in town for the next 10 days, oh how many casualties they will take in this time, oh dear god.... I feel sorry for the fate that awaits the poor punters this weekend. 

I shouldn't have botherd! Should of just stuck with my usual suspects at act pretty and lollipop, attest the service is better and safer environment

Argyle? Stay away! Nothing good happens there. Is it worth it? For the price, maybe if you need quick relief, but... What's wrong with porn in this instance.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 15th May 2015, 04:26 PM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by LightsAU


 ... There is a saying "Argyle, nothing ever good happens at Argyle". This has come to be very apparent, and I should of gone with my gut, but curiosity got the better of me, and really needing some booty and boobies ..
"""



Yep.

The walk of shame through the Argyle Apartment maze always feels protracted and extra embarrassing. Sort or like putting up your hand in class and saying, "Who'd like a fuck ?".


