Thread Title: Fifi - Canberra tour - 0466 965 690
Floor: #1
Post Time: 14th January 2019, 08:25 PM
Poster ID: Peanutfly
Post Title: 
 Fifi - Canberra tour - 0466 965 690
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Fifi

Establishment : Private escort

Date of Visit : 27 / 12 / 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://scarletblue.com.au/escort/fifi

Phone : 0466 965 690

Hours of Business : 

Rates : 750/hour PSE

Age : Late 20s

Size/shape : Hourglass/Petite

Nationality or Ethnicity : French

Services Provided : PSE

Value for money/recommend? : Absolutely!

My experience/comments : To preface, I had initially hoped to setup a doubles date with Fifi and her girlfriend Nina Everleigh during their Canberra tour in late November unfortunately luck didn't seem to go my way (lesson for everyone, ensure you book in advance if ever wanted to setup a double date!)

After my failed attempts to organise a date with Nina Everleigh, I decided to see her friend Fifi who was seemingly staying in Canberra for a longer period. Contact with her was easy and was able to setup a date within a couple of hours of texting her. Get to her place and was greeted by Fifi in a red dress waiting for me at the door. First reactions was how amazingly beautiful she was and her skin was shining in the lights. She greeted me with a kiss and held me by the hands and led me to the couch to sit down and have a chat. Now normally I get anxious after not having a shower (especially after leaving work) but she didn't seem to mind and was more interested and getting to chat and getting to know each other. She is a great conversationalist and we talked about a range of topics (she seemed to enjoy my humor and see was laughing a lot). I also mentioned the missed opportunity about setting up a double date through Nina in which she apologised she couldn't organise a time together (hopefully next time).

After a while of chatting and building the tension I leaned in for a kiss in which she returned the favour enthusiastically. After a while of DFK'ing she started making her way down, teasing me in the process while slowly taking my clothes off. At this point I should add that I have met a lot of working ladies (of various price ranges) and have a few favourites for various reasons but tonight I didn't expect to meet someone who would take a top 3 spot when it comes to oral. Fifi's enthusiasm for oral is second to none. After a while of her giving oral while I lay on the couch (bringing me close at times) she looked up at me asked if I could have my way with her mouth. Now a few ladies have had no issues taking my member but its on a whole other level with this lady. As I stood to assume the position I was worried about certain things, like confirming if I could CIM down her throat to which she said 'YES absolutely!' in her french accent. So I started to have my way for a while until completion. The reason I put her near the top is of her enthusiasm and total enjoyment. Never once did she asked me to take a break or pause. For what seemed like a good 10 minutes she was happily taking everything I got and went with it the whole way.

Anyway, after round 1 I was able to take a shower (finally) and met her on the bed. After a few minutes and her giving me a sensual massage she wanted to go for round 2 to which I obliged. This time however I decided to return the favour in which she enjoyed quite a lot and after a while (and her cumming) she decided to switch, go on top and start rimming me (thank god for the shower!). If anyone hasn't had the pleasure of getting deeply rimmed, please find someone who offers it and do yourself a favour.

I could've ended round 2 here but I after organising anal with her I couldn't let the chance slip by (especially with not long to go in the session). So I anxiously ask if we could to which she said yes however 'she wasn't quite sure how she'd go when she first saw my member...'. On goes the dom and a few minutes of her easing me in, she started riding me (while on top) and slowly increased the pace and I knew she was comfortable. At this point I held her down by her arms as I started pounding her to which she seemed to enjoy. Flipped her on her back while going in faster and deeper until I couldn't hold on no more.

Fifi is easily one of the best escorts going around and I absolutely recommend her to anyone thinking of seeing her. She was amazing in every way and made me forgot about the world for over 2 hours (I had booked for 2 hours but had gone over by 20 minutes to which she was more than happy to accommodate). My only hope now is to see her with Nina next time.


