Thread Title: Giselle - Canberra (tour) - 0435 915 048
Floor: #1
Post Time: 2nd August 2014, 05:48 PM
Poster ID: Lustvader
Post Title: 
 Giselle - Canberra (tour) - 0435 915 048
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Giselle

Establishment : private

Date of Visit : June 2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0435 915 048 | Mature Escort, Sydney | The G experienceThe G experience | Mature Sydney Escort

Hours of Business : unknown

Rates : $200/30mins

Age : 50+

Size/shape : 10DD, 5'9", slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : NZer

Services Provided : FS

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : I'd been planning on seeing Giselle on a trip to Sydney when she popped up on the ACT cracker one day, so booked in for half an hour of the legendary G Experience (main thread).  And I wasn't disappointed.  First up, if you don't appreciate mature ladies, she is not for you.  She advertises as being 45 but, while she looks very hot and sexy in a cougar-like way, I'd bet my house, car and superannuation that she's well past the half-century mark.  But WTFC?!

When I arrived after a shit day at work, Giselle instantly made my evening a whole lot better, welcoming me in a figure-hugging yellow dress.  She spoke softly and her Kiwi accent wasn't one of the usual annoying ones, quite pleasant actually.  I'd showered before turning up and she watched me take my kit off.  It was a bit like a mischievous aunt giving you the once over when you're a 13-year-old who doesn't know any better but she knows you're at that age when you soon will.  Anyway, I was pretty turned on by the time I was starkers and she hadn't shed a stitch.  We began with an extended kissing contest, our tongues duelling each other playfully.  Little Richard was ready for action and was stabbing her belly through her flimsy dress.  Giselle lightly caressed him to keep him interested.  Eventually she asked me to help her out of her frock and it slipped easily over her head.

Clearly, she was not born with the breasts she sports now but they felt pretty good as I stood behind her and cupped them, with only a few inches of hotness and hardness separating our bodies -- make that several inches.  As I kissed her neck, ear and cheek, I wondered if she was a pre- or post-1960 model.  Probably pre- I decided as I turned her around and sucked on her tits, but again, WTFC?  Soon she sat on the bed and began a smooth BJ that was one of the lightest I've experienced, her velvety tongue swirling around and under the glans.  It was great to begin with but I thought she could've gripped the shaft a bit firmer with her lips as she sucked along the full length.  Still, I was ready to play with some early Elvis-era pussy and we lay beside each other as I gently let my fingers do the walking up her inner thigh and to her tunnel of love.  Unsurprisingly, she wasn't wet and some lubricant was produced before Little Richard was sheathed and ready for some rock 'n' roll.  After some doggy and mish, we ended up with her straddling me so I could lick her nipples as she slowly rode me.  Pretty soon, it was all over, the condom disappeared and we chatted for a couple of minutes before it was time for me to vanish as well.

I was glad I got to experience Giselle a bit sooner than expected and will probably try an hour with her next time.  Her rates are on par with some PWLs 25-30 years younger doing the rounds, but for lovers of mature women, she would have to be one of the best.  Made up for the disappointment of Alannah retiring before I could see her again.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 3rd August 2014, 12:27 AM
Poster ID: andrewblake
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Alannah her sister?.. I think she still tours?.. I could be wrong though?.. Add to that Kendra Heart?.. Searay sir could chip in.. 

AB


Floor: #3
Post Time: 3rd August 2014, 02:11 AM
Poster ID: Lustvader
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
This is the Alannah I meant: http://auxxxreviews.com/forum/f30/al...9-780-a-13261/

Didn't realise she was Giselle's sister; apart from their NZ heritage and sexy cougarness, they didn't seem that similar to me.  Anyway, a couple of weeks after I saw Alannah in May, I noticed her ad in cracker announcing her final tour before retiring from the industry.  Sadly, I was not in a position to see her then...   but Giselle showed up soon afterwards.


