Thread Title: Hot & Sexy Asian - Reid - 0459 485 788
Floor: #1
Post Time: 6th November 2013, 01:45 PM
Poster ID: Legs11
Post Title: 
 Hot & Sexy Asian - Reid - 0459 485 788
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : No idea

Establishment : Good ole Argyle appartments

Date of Visit : 6/11/13

Hours of Business: 10am - late

Rates : 30mins / 110, 1 hour / 180 for full service, 80/30 min massage 120 for the hour

Age : late 20's

Size/shape : Busty, Size smaller than me

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thailand (so she told me)

Services Provided : FS, RnT, CBJ

Value for money/recommend? : YES and NO!

I rang early in the day as I had some wicked thoughts about my Partners 19 year old daughter, and decided very quickly that I needed an outlet, I'm not usually one to pick the asian working ladies as it annoys me that they don't speak much english.....anywho........got to the appartment rang for the unit number (second call was definately a different lady), told the number and went to try and find it.
Once inside was greeted by a taller than usual Asian girl (didn't give me her name, sorry), dressed in red lingerie and high white shoes, alarm bells went off a little when I saw her as I thought she may be a Tranny which I was hoping not,......... shown the room finances taken care of (I definately didn't speak to this girl as she didn't know how long I was there for or what for) asked to shower and to take my time, I thought not taking my time was in and out cause I wanted some pussy. Got out of the shower and went into the room and waited for a good 5 mins for her to come back in meanwhile another punter was knocking at the door and I was a bit worried that they may have come into the room I was in but thankfully that didn't happen, a few minutes later she comes back into room I'm asked to lay on bed I go sunny side up as I've only booked for the half hour and want to get into it.
She strippes off and wow......nice rack indeed clearly enhanced but they feel genuine, has an athletic body but a little pot belly that you see when she bends over, not that I'm fussed about that.
Once both of us are naked she jumps on the bed and we cuddle and kiss, she sucks my nipples and my hands go exploring, her skin is very smooth and soft feeling, boobs feel fantastic and her pussy is definately a pussy even tho I wasn't allowed to look or lick which set a second alarm off..... after a few minutes she grabs a condom and places it on for some sucking which wasn't too bad........then moves onto Cowgirl and goes to town and I go to town on her boobs, licking and sucking and she grabs my hands and pushes them harder onto her tits (she liked it a bit hard as I found out).
We continue Cowgirl, kissing and cuddling when we change position to Doggy so she could see me in the mirror, I go for the reach around and I like what I feel, alarms bells reset and turned off for some fun times.......feeling her up from behind while pounding was great, finally finish the deed and clean happens, then she offers another shower but this time she joins me for a nice rub down, another feel of her boobs, we have a bit of a chat in the bathroom and I ask her what nationality she is and she asked me to guess and I said Thai which she said yes (funnily enough) I probable could've said anything and she would've agreed. 
I'm asked to make sure I have everything and a bit of a cuddle and then off I go.
I'm glad I only spent 110 as I don't think that the hour would be any better.
The time is calculated and watched, she seemed mechanical but at the same time seemed to enjoy it but who cares really as long as I get off......which I did, not much talking going on as she couldn't speak much english and is from Sydney and only here for a Week

Ad is below,


Hi guys 

This is my first time to Canberra. I an extremely fun girl, so if you are looking for a great time give me a call. 

I'm a Beautiful 20 year old Asian. My dress size is 7. I'm good looking with busty C cup and a stunningly firm bum. I have a fabulous body. 

100% genuine pics. 


Massage (includes a happy ending and sensual body-slide): 
$80 for 30min 
$120 for 60min 

Full service (includes massage, play, protected oral and sex): 
$110 for 30min 
$150 for 45min 
$180 for 60min 


Lets have some Fun XOXOXHot & Sexy Asian, New in Town - Canberra | Escort / adult | Erotic | Cracker


Floor: #2
Post Time: 6th November 2013, 03:58 PM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by Legs11


Person's Name : No idea

Establishment : Good ole Argyle appartments
.

"""



Thank you for your review Legs11.

That phone number links to Cha Cha (YaYa), http://auxxxreviews.com/forum/f30/ch...t=0459+485+788

Is it possible your lady is Cha Cha ?

Other reviews in the Cha Cha thread mention 'a friend whom the caller could see if he didn't want to wait'. Could she be the friend ?


Floor: #3
Post Time: 6th November 2013, 04:55 PM
Poster ID: Legs11
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I'm not sure as I wasn't given a name from the start, I just mentioned that I've seen your cracker ad and what time are you available, the voice was definately different on the second call from the first, if the number is similar to Cha Cha then she might be the Mama San as there was another girl there that seemed very similar to the girl I had, the photo in the cracker ad are very similar to the girl I saw but I don't think it was the same one


Floor: #4
Post Time: 7th November 2013, 12:51 PM
Poster ID: canguy30
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I went there yesterday to drop a load and by the sounds of it rooted the same girl as legs11. 

I was greeted at the door by the girl in the cracker ad, who does work there and ended up Witt the taller girl.

As legs mentions she is a tall girl with big cans and a good figure.

I've got to be honest though, I'm not sure whether or not she is a she or a post op, just my humble opinion.

Overall not a bad way to drop $110 and a sizable load.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 7th November 2013, 02:22 PM
Poster ID: Legs11
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I have to agree with Canguy, I'm still dubious on whether she is a she, as she didn't want DATY


Floor: #6
Post Time: 7th November 2013, 07:51 PM
Poster ID: Legs11
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
the name is 'Champagne', from the ad in the Canberra Tiimes


