Thread Title: Jade Hartt - Canberra -  0491 157 489
Floor: #1
Post Time: 17th May 2016, 08:52 PM
Poster ID: Mercurio56
Post Title: 
 Jade Hartt - Canberra -  0491 157 489
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jade Hartt

Establishment : Private Escort

Date of Visit : May 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : jadehart Email: jadeharttt@yahoo.com

Hours of Business : On application

Rates : $400/hour

Age : Early 20s

Size/shape : Curvy

Nationality or Ethnicity : Caucasian

Services Provided : Full Service

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

Work had me travelling to Canberra and I decided to visit one of the lovely ladies who I converse with on Twitter; Jade Harrt.
Jade uses a PA for her bookings and I contacted her via email without any problems.  I was asked to call to confirm my booking, which I did and everything was in place.
Jade has a lovely unit near the Canberra CBD and she greeted me with a big smile when I arrived.  We sat in her unit and got to know each other, and she is certainly an easy person to talk to.

After our pleasantries it was time for me to have a shower and for Jade to get ready (she had greeted me in ‘normal’ clothes as she had to come downstairs to her lobby to let me into her building), with her asking me to join her in her bedroom when I had finished.

After my shower I wandered into her room, to be greeted by a lovely sight indeed; Jade in the pink lingerie worn in the pictures on her website and stunning black suspenders and stockings.

Standing before her was a delight, from her passionate kissing tome being able to roam my hands all up and down her curvy body.  I had fun opening her bra and letting it drop to the floor before lowering my mouth to her magnificent breasts and soon her nipples were hard in my mouth.  Dropping to the floor I removed her panties and placed my mouth over her cleanly shaven pussy.

She dropped back onto her back on her bed and opening her legs before me to give me a wonderful view of her nakedness before me.  Down I went and I must have been doing something right as I soon had her coming.

Once she recovered I crawled up over her and she began to devour my mouth, licking all her juices from my mouth.  So soon into a ‘dom and missionary and so the fun went on.  Needless to say I was soon moaning myself.

We lay in each others' arms and chatted.  She was happy to stroke and be stroked and to carry on a lovely chat.  She is a great conversationalist and was great fun to be with.

Would I visit her again?  Absolutely!


Floor: #2
Post Time: 18th May 2016, 04:15 PM
Poster ID: unclepj
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks Mercurio she looks awesome
Strange that it is cheaper for an outcall @ $350 than an incall @ $400


