Thread Title: Jade - Canberra (tour) - 0497 471 357
Floor: #1
Post Time: 27th August 2014, 01:04 AM
Poster ID: Lustvader
Post Title: 
 Jade - Canberra (tour) - 0497 471 357
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jade

Establishment : private

Date of Visit : July 2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0497 471 357 | CT ad

Hours of Business : unknown

Rates : $250/hr

Age : late 30s

Size/shape : 12, curvy, D cup

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : FS

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : This was a classic punt.  Feeling frisky one crisp weekend, balls full of cum, needing to unload, spot typically minimalist ad in the Canberra Times, keywords busty, sensual and sexy, zero intel here or on PP (other than a guy asking if anybody had seen her, no response), pick up phone, call, pleasant voice answers, very feminine, gives description of herself and rundown of service, nice price for an Aussie, like what I hear, sold, off to the motel a couple of 'burbs away, start to wonder if it's a bit too good to be true, $300 and up seems to be the going rate for decent Euro girls... arrive at destination, may as well satisfy my curiosity, can always walk if a total disaster greeted me.

When she opens the door of her room, I am not disappointed.  Jade is an attractive long-haired brunette, very curvy, maybe too much for some, definitely not a woman for waif-lovers, but I like what I see.  Very much.  She has a nice smile and a girly attitude, almost ditzy you might think but you'd be wrong.  I note the pack of cancer sticks on the coffee table and my heart sinks a little, but thankfully no obvious taste on her lips.  She's a good kisser.  She tells me I'm a good kisser too.  Of course I am.  I hand over the loot.  Jade asks me to get undressed while she puts on some lingerie, ums and ahs over which one, settles on the leopard pattern.  It looks a bit silly but she still looks cute.

Finally, I'm starkers and she resembles Jane who's eaten Tarzan out of house and home -- yes, she's sporting a bit of a paunch but it's quite firm, not a spare tyre.  More kissing, which we both seem to enjoy equally, then she asks to give me a massage.  Sigh!  OK then.  This is the strongest massage I've had in a long time and I remember why.  I don't like it strong.  I decide she probably doesn't know what she's doing when she nearly dislocates my spine, so I suggest maybe we move on to the hanky panky.  Yet more smooching and finally the leopard skin is cast aside and I knead her breasts.  They're a good handful, Lungor would like 'em, I think...  Fuck Lungor.  Always turning me on with his pretty pictures, bloody tease...  Anyway, I lick and suck her nipples and she moans in appreciation.  I interpret that to mean "please eat my pussy", so I swiftly strike while the iron's hot and glide my fingers over her moist flaps.  She's receptive so my tongue ventures forth and introduces itself to her shy clitoris, while my fingers explore the secret garden beneath.

Her pussy is quite sweet, no trace of tobacco, and I lap it up while the going's good.  Jade sounds like she's really enjoying herself and plays with my hair, making sure I don't pull away.  As if.  I tease her tits as I keep licking her snatch and eventually she cums with a satisfying shudder.  It's not over the top FOAM so I'm fairly sure it's genuine and her dreamy eyes looking into mine indicate I'm 99% correct.  I give her a few seconds to rest and then she slips on a dom over Little Richard and treats him to a long slow BJ.  She's pretty good but I'm suddenly itching to be inside her, so I push her back and gently enter her.  Little Richard is no BBC and Jade's no teeny-bopper but it's still a snug fit, so I'm soon delighting in being balls deep as I kiss her mouth, cheek, neck, etc.  The tempo increases and the Viagra does its job of keeping me hard and making me last.  We try doggy for a spell and I love watching her bum jiggle ever so slightly with every thrust.  Cowgirl doesn't really work out so it's back to mish where we can gaze into each other's eyes as I finally arrive.  Lovely finish.

We chat for a few minutes afterwards and get along pretty well.  She's from Melbourne, has 'a real job' there, and only does the occasional tour.  When I'd run her telephone number through Google before calling, I'd found an ad for an 'Emma' visiting Newcastle earlier in the year.  Apart from that, no trace on the web.  Maybe she uses different names and numbers.  Jade expects to visit Canberra again but for short periods at a time, so if you see her ad you'll need to be quick to catch her.  Like I did.  Nice girl, good value. Great punt.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 29th August 2014, 03:45 PM
Poster ID: UN Official
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
she resembles Jane who's eaten Tarzan out of house and home


