Thread Title: Jasmine - Dickson - 0401 797 124
Floor: #1
Post Time: 27th October 2010, 02:11 AM
Poster ID: Captain Jack Sparrow
Post Title: 
 Jasmine - Dickson - 0401 797 124
				
Post Content: 
Hi,

Have seen this ad with a pic in the CT. From the ad only the words 'Thai' and 'busty' seemed to be correct descriptions of the person I met. She is a size 8-10 milf with a reasonably firm body with maybe D cup breasts. She did not have any make up on and maybe with make up she could look like the girl in the pic! She operates out of a house in Majura Ave and charges $100 for 30 mins.

She greeted me in a sexy outfit and apologised for the strong smell of tiger balm in the room. No shower was offered although I've showered in that house before while seeing Sharni. She stripped quickly and got on the bed and once I joined her she asked me to suck her big nipples but when I tried to hold her breasts she kept saying don't hold them hard no matter how gentle I was. Any touching by me however gentle met with her saying 'soft'. Then she got the dom on and gave a pretty good CBJ after which she got into CG position and sat motionless. Any attempts to touch her were met with her guiding my hands away. She asked me to get on top and when i tried to touch her pussy she said no. So she guides me in and then holds on with her fingers and gives me a partial handjob while I thrust. Blew my load as quickly as I could after which she was very relaxed and hugged me tight and gave me a few kisses for being a sucker. She then offered a pity massage with minimal effort and for a moment during the massage I freaked out a bit because I thought that she had used tiger balm on me because of the smell in the room. She assured me that she hadn't used any on me but that her previous client had asked for a massage using tiger balm. Anyways she wiped my back with a wet tissue and sent me packing with best wishes for my future. I must add here that when I got there she asked me what I was doing and i told her that I might be soon moving from Canberra and this could have influenced her service. Well I still paid for the time I was there and the service was definately not worth my money. There is better out there. I would recommend Vicky who advertised in the CT last week, was going to write a rave review about her but she stopped advertising and I don't have the ad details. Do keep an eye out for that ad, she is a genuine size 6 Asian who looks 20 and has a great attitude.


