Floor: #1
Post Time: 26th February 2017, 10:37 PM
Poster ID: 2horny
Post Title: 
 Jayda - Griffith/Reid - 0413 937 757
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jayda

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : Feb 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 

Hours of Business : day and night

Rates : $120/ 30 min.

Age : very likely mid 30s

Size/shape : slim, size 6 to 8, a bit pear shaped with D size implants.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thia

Services Provided : FS

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : her cracker ad is here:



Super service Hot and Spicy ?First Time in Canberra ?Was Model Spain half Thai girl ???? Real photos - Canberra escorts - backpage.com.auContact was ok.  I sms late afternoon and didn't get a reply for about  20 min.  I was close to going to plan C (Jayda was plan B), when I got a  response.  she needed a little time before she gave me the go ahead.   ok, but when i was ready, i find out she's not in City/Reid.  So I have  to drive to her place and a little mis-communication and I'm still  waiting around and trying to find her apartment.

When I finally  find the apartment, a lady in a towel opens the door and greets me.   it's not looking good, as this lady is nothing like the photos.  She's  almost naked and my impression is that she's keen and ready to go.  But  I'm working up to an excuse.

"Go in the room... not me, not me."

"ok", that's good....

So I wait on in the room and Jadya comes out of the bathroom and sprays the air freshener around, ewww.

Business  side is done and Jayda looks good.  She's almost exatly like in her  photos, but I would say, there's a bit of softening done to make her  look younger in the photos.  She's not bad, but I got the impression she  was mid to late 20s from the photos.  I even saw the piece of paper she's used in her ads.  We chat a little, I shower, I ask  her to shower with me but she declines.  I finish and get on the bed,  assuming the position.  Jayda takes a slow sensual pace, we didn't kiss,  but it's ok.  I ask about her extras, all good, so I don't mind if the  service wasn't anything spectacular.  We eventually get to cowgirl and  it's ok. I think Jayda enjoyed it, at least I was convinced she wasn't  faking.  Missionary, then legs up, then doggy.  Then a satisfying  ending.

Jadya is pretty attractive for a mid-30s lady and when  she was in doggy, she reminded me of the strong less young women you'd  see in soapies like Dallas or Bold and Beautiful. Service was good, so  if you're one to avoid the young ladies and would rather better service,  I think Jayda is for you.

I only had a 30 minute booking and she  might have cut the time a little short, but I wasn't counting.  Would i  go back? maybe.  There's another Korean girl I'm hoping returns from  WA, but otherwise, it's slim pickings around town really.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 26th April 2017, 10:08 AM
Poster ID: csw
Post Title: 
 Jayda - Griffith/Reid - 0413 937 757
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jayda

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : Feb 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :0413937757

Hours of Business : unsure

Rates : 180p/Hr

Age : over 30

Size/shape : slim, enhanced breasts

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Ful service GFE

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : 

I contacted Jayda through text and received a reply instantly.  Organised a time for early afternoon and was looking forward to meeting her as the pictures in her adds were quite beautiful.

I was greeted at the door by a very pretty slim Thai girl who was. No doubt the girl in the pictures and spoke clear English.

After the shower things began slowly light kissing and exploring of each other.  Jayda proceeded with a covered bj which wasn't to bad but pretty good in comparison to others.

Things were feeling rather mechanical at this stage so I decided to try and take control in the hope that the session would flow a bit more naturally.  I flipped jayda on to her back and went for some Daty.  She was clean and fresh and very responsive to my efforts and also enjoyed a bit of rimming.

We cycled through a few positions and Jayda was becoming more and more relaxed and it all began to feel like it was progressing naturally rather than as a script.l as the intensity increased.  We finished off with doggy with us both climaxing pretty intensely and she started to chuckle calling me
doctor sex and complimented me for making her horny!  Ego inflated I left feeling rather chuffed with myself and arranged again to see her the next week which again was a great session ending in some genuine conversation.

I found Jayda to be very genuine and I look forward to seeing her again.

I never felt rushed in her company nor did she hurry me out the door once we were done!  Definitely worth a look if you like Thai girls.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 26th April 2017, 10:14 AM
Poster ID: nextlif
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks csw. Where in the ACT is she located? It is very helpful to post a link to an web advertising you know of for the lady being reviewed.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 26th April 2017, 10:20 AM
Poster ID: csw
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I could find a link for her add it must have expired.  She was in private apartments in Griffith and the second time she was in the Argyle appartments.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 26th April 2017, 11:08 AM
Poster ID: nextlif
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Where are the Argyle apartments?


Floor: #6
Post Time: 26th April 2017, 11:18 PM
Poster ID: Snapper79
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by nextlife


Where are the Argyle apartments
"""



Reid. The hotspot of Asian ladies opposite Glebe Park, behind Bega Court, Corranderk St.


