Thread Title: Jenna - Reid
Floor: #1
Post Time: 11th September 2017, 08:45 PM
Poster ID: rnt4067
Post Title: 
 Jenna - Reid
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jenna

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 10/09/17

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0450 788 530

Hours of Business : late - she's private

Rates : $130 half hour FS

Age : late 30's

Size/shape : chubby, size 16

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : FS, CBJ, Massage

Value for money/recommend? : No

My experience/comments : Going to post this review despite ads disappearing off backpage. If they reappear I'll try and embed in this thread do that punters can see which ones I am referring to, at the moment they are being taken down pretty quickly, as in this is gone less than 24 hours later.

Texted an ad for a "Combodian" which I was pretty sure was fake (0424 702 286) and got a reply from Jenna on a different number. Again, if the ad goes back up I'll link it here. She texted me an image of a slim young Chinese girl which I could not reverse search. Against my better instincts (image looked fake, different phone number) I decided to TOFTT and head over to Monterey Apartments. Unsurprisingly the girl that answered the door was not the one from the text and had very poor English. Again, I shrugged and figured I might as well go through with it. She was as described above, late 30's to 40, chubby with droopy breasts. I reckon she was post kids. Like a lot of the WL in Canberra in her very limited English she said later that she was down for a couple of weeks from Sydney.

Into the room pay and strip off. She does not shower and assures me she has already. A bit of a cat bath and a tiny bit of Spanish and body slide and then onto a reasonably good CBJ. She is clearly not up for doing much work and rolls over for mish. I oblige for a few minutes and then ask for doggy. There's not much effort going on  - no hip movement or anything - but a fair bit of fake moaning. Whilst we're in doggy her phone buzzes and she takes it and starts texting! At least had the decency to keep the fake moaning going. Anyway after about ten minutes its all over, we clean up and I get an ok massage for the rest of the session.

On the way out I spy her partner who I think is the "Combodian". Definitely not the girl from the ad either but slimmer and better looking than my WL.

All in all it is a real punt with these WL. Most of the ads are fake, sometimes you get a good one but this experience is pretty standard IMO. I realize this is not much help without the ads but hopefully the numbers help others, although the Mamasan will probably pass the phone to the next WL down from Sydney.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 12th September 2017, 09:12 PM
Poster ID: rnt4067
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
here is the link to the first combodian ad

??????real 19yo combodian Lora love to have sexy fun, EE cup Verify real photo,???? 0424027193 - Canberra escorts - backpage.com.au

And here is the link to Jennifer, which I heard as Jenna

???new! New! New! Mixxed Koren n Japanese Jenifer just landed !!!!!!!????, let us have fun together !!! - Canberra escorts - backpage.com.au

I'm not sure this is the WL reviewed above as the number is different but she sent me one of these photos by text. Could have just taken it from this ad.


