Thread Title: Jenny - Barton - 0401 329 025
Floor: #1
Post Time: 30th June 2014, 02:41 PM
Poster ID: Stevegem
Post Title: 
 Jenny - Barton - 0401 329 025
				
Post Content: 
Please click here first then read review, turn volume up








Cracker ad dated 26/06

Beautiful Asian Lady, 35 years old, size 6, Very busty. 

Passionate GFE service, Fantasies OK. 

Never been in Canberra, ready to meet Canberran to have fun. 

So what are you waiting for , pick up your phone to feel the fresh. 

Full service 
$100/half hour $180/hourly 

Out-call 
from $150/half hour $200/hourly
			
		



The Good

Found myself dialling this number from Cracker ad and making an appointment when in Canberra late last week on Business. The voice was asian sure enough, but had eerily very good English, too good, and sounded a lot younger than the age stated of 35yo. Advertised at $100 per half hour (or $180 for the hour) FS.
I inquired about natural French, is this part of the service? "Oh no that's an extra $20". Ok so I recapped with her its $120 with natural blowjob. "No problem". Was given the street address (on Northbourne Ave , close the city) and told to ring when im there for the unit number. All Good.


The Bad

Get the address, and there is absolutely no parking on site or in front of the building, so I park behind the building on a stretch of metered parking (costs me $2) and am literally only a 2-3 minute walk from the front of her entrance. So I call to get the unit number. "Oh no, you must be in front of the entrance to the door" I explained to her there is no car parking there as I like to leave my mobile phone ion the car, she then said that is the only way, cause directions are hard once im in the place. She demanded I be in front of the doorway when I call, no other option. Oh no, is this escape into Alcatraz ? 

Fine, I rock up at the entrance and ring her, obviously wanting to check out the punter on the camera above the entrance, as the place seems to be one of the higher end apartments. Given a few simple instructions and within moments Im into the apartment. Greeted by an asian who doesnt speak English well. This is getting ugly.


The Ugly

The asian greeted at the door , looked pleasant enough, sexy out fit, could have passed as a 35 yo, but also as a 45yo. Engwish was rery poor, definitely not the same person as on the phone. I told her this, and was greeted with a "airy look" of silence. I proceeded to pay her the $120 "with natural French" and she goes into immediate shock mode. I repeated to her what was said over the phone , she looked at her phone. She was getting quite upset and asked me to repeat the prices and what was said. "You should know I spoke to you" I said in a sarcastic manner.  This was going in circles and it was clear she wanted more money. So it was either walk, or negotiate a new price. $150 30min with natural French I said, and she was over the moon and happy as, much to my bemusement of the whole thing. Looking back, I think she would have known it was $120, but milked me of more money by acting stupid. The punting session confirms she is a money whore 


The Punting Session

She does have a great body for a mature WL, awesome tits, defy gravity, all natural, a good large C cup. She would have been an absolute doll in her early 20s. Face is plain jane, Japanese looking? He BBBJ was really good, but after literally 2 minutes (maybe even less, im not kidding) she stops and looks up at me and says "I should be pay more money to do longer" WTF !!!!! She wanted more money to continue the BBBJ. Oh my god !!!!!. I know I come across as a gentle bloke, respectfull and always try hard to make sure the WL is at ease with me, cause I believe it's the best way to get a better session. But this one blatantly tries to abuse those traits.

I say to her "well, over the phone it was $120, I already give you extra $30. You give me $30 back and you can stop BBBJ". That shut her up and the BBBJ continued. If Im real honest she knows how to suck a mean cock, really enjoyed her cock sucking, one of the best really. She wanted to fuck , but I just asked her to keep sucking. After about 12-15 minutes she did blurb out one more time "should be pay more" . ok lets fuck, My cock was absolutely rock hard and pulsing like a rocket about to blast off, all cause of her BJ . I Pounded her as hard as I could and asked her "you like this better than sucking". She just kept moaning and urged me to come every 30 seconds, oh gosh one of those type. I wanted to come on her tits , so pulled out , pulled rubber off and squirted on her outstanding tits, a sight to see. Session was over in 20 minutes. 

She then she genuinely offers a massage to fill in the 30 mins. I accepted and we have a nice chat and leave on good terms.

Nice enough WL in the end , awesome BJ (but need to be firm with her to do longer), not a bad fuck. But very money hungry. Be wary of the shenanigans regarding pricing over the phone and in person and during the punt !!. Pricing ground rules need to be aggressively set from the get go otherwise you get the run around throughout. oddly enough a repeat visit might be better value as I think seeing her again would be better experience than a newbie visit.


6/10 (Could be a 8/10 if attitude towards BJ, money and coming quick was better)


Floor: #2
Post Time: 2nd July 2014, 09:00 PM
Poster ID: happyboxer
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Good review Stevegem, 

Had a surprisingly similar punt the other week with 'Miyuki' (see previous review). It was like wtf ... they have a similar Modus Operandi (really good bb blowjob, wanting the punter to cum as quick as possible, very money hungry).It wouldn't really surprise me if they knew each other or was the same person. Well you got charged for less with 'Jenny' anyway. They probably know that the unlucky punters sooner or later caught on that the 'Miyuki' ad was a scam. 

HB

edit. re-read your review. 'Jenny' has tits. 'Miyuki' is flat chested. Probably a different chick.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 2nd July 2014, 09:25 PM
Poster ID: Stevegem
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
hell happyboxer, you certainly got a raw deal (just read your review), bloody hell

False advertising at its worst. I know I used to follow my dick as well , but these days something like that I just would have walked and mouth-off to them that I am going to report them. The false pictures suckered you in no doubt. They do rely on you getting there, and once your there they hope every 2nd or  3rd punter stays.

As hard as it might be sometimes, us punters need to walk more often to stop this crap going on, especially when they charge $200 for 30min and a totally different WL answers the door, who is considerably less attractive (putting it nicely) and considerably older than those in the advertised pics

PS Yes Jenny has awesome full natural tits, no complaints there


Floor: #4
Post Time: 24th July 2014, 09:46 AM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by 24/7/2014 Canberra Times

JAPANESE ANGELNew stunning doll, sz 6, busty, love to pleasure you. In/out 24/7. 0401 329 02
"""



Had this ad in May, 





			
				NEW ASIAN BABEUni student, very pretty, sz 6, busty, top serv, 24/7, in/out. Ph 0401 329 025.
			
		

when she collected a bad review (at another forum) for bossiness, older than expected and star-fishieness (thank you Mudcake).

Sounds like one to avoid.


