Thread Title: Jenny - Weston - 0421 240 826
Floor: #1
Post Time: 7th October 2010, 05:34 PM
Poster ID: Captain Jack Sparrow
Post Title: 
 Jenny - Weston - 0421 240 826
				
Post Content: 
Hi,

The ad in the CT is:
JENNY, 20 yo, sexy, slim, size 6, friendly, good service. Weston. Ph 0421 240 826

It has been a few months since I saw Jenny. When I called I spoke with someone with very poor English and they eventually hung up on me. I tried again after sometime and spoke with a different person and was given the rates $100 for 30mins and $170 for one hour. The address was a residence in Mcinnes street in Weston. I got there and was suprised to find a karaoke party going on...so I called form outside and was assured that it was the right palce. A mature lady opened the door and said her son was having a party and since I must have looked mortified at the thought of walking into a group of Asian teenagers with my punt face on, the lady kindly closed the door to the living area. I was led to the bedroom and a really small lady walked into the room, I can vouch for the 20yo and size 6 portions of the ad. I paid for 30 mins, had a shower and came back to the room and then Jenny took off the towel that she was dressed in to reveal a tiny body with tiny boobs on her approx 4.5ft frame. She then says, please don't book me again. I said, great lets stop if you are not happy to see me. She sees that I'm serious and says something to the effect of 'just kidding'! Her English is really bad. She insited that I get a massage so I lay on my front while she squeezed my shoulders using her tiny hands like vice grip pliers. I've had my share of injuries and had some painful massages/treatments and her technique scored an 8 for pain. I thought she was messing with me because I am athletic. She kept at it for a while as I kept at being strong! Then I offered to massage her. She lies down and after a gentle back massage on her I turn her around and try to cop a feel and she pulls away. I try to touch her legs and she pulls away.....my blood starved brain says 'Yay...this is a game...she's playing with me!!' I immediately ask her if she I can pay for the hour. She says yes and I grab my wallet and pay the difference. She finally allows me to feel the goods, a reasonable CBJ follows. We have sex in mish and I come and she cleans us up with tissues. She throws the used tissues on my shoes and proceeds to wipe her pussy and throw the tissues at me. She tries to joke which I don't understand and I'm definately not laughing. Now is when the real weirdness begins. No more massage, no more touching allowed and only 20 mins into the hour. She says you only have 30 minutes left. She lay on the edge of the bed facing away from me. She pretends to not understand anything I say and proceeds to give some sob story about how she never had to work back home and how she is forced to work here. I asked her if she was forced to do this work. She thinks for a bit and then says no. Then she says she doesn't want to work and she walks out of the room. I gather my stuff and get ready to shower and she is back. She has got her phone now and shows me pics of her family back in Thailand. She then starts playing Thai songs on her phone and I am made to feel like a bad person for wanting to have sex for which she has agreed and I have paid! I was not sure if she was mentally or emotionally breaking down or if she was just wasting my time. I had 10 mins to go before I decided I was not going to be had. She could have let me know before she took my money or she could have offered a massage or hj. So instead of going home feeling stupid and ripped off I literally had to tap on her shoulder and say 'excuse me' as she was facing away from me and not responding. I think she got it from my tone that I was going to let the mature lady know of her antics. She reluctantly turned and prformed some cbj and we went throug the motions of doggy before another shower. As I was putting my shoes on she did the whole vice grip on shoulder thing at which point I pushed her hand off  and told her not to touch me after which she kept trying to do it. I thought better of saying anything more to her and decided to let the mature house owner know on my way out. She must have known this because she put herself between me and the living room door with her arms open wide blocking the dooway. She then said, 'not see you again' to which I said 'Fuck you'. Thus ended one of my most disturbing punting experiences.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 7th October 2010, 11:24 PM
Poster ID: BadAussieBoy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks hewey_30 for sharing this experience with is.

Your account of this punt does make you wonder if she has been forced into the industry, which is very disturbing. Makes you wonder if you report this to the government agency you see advertised in the Daily Telegraph.

Then again she may have chosen this path, and by reporting her may cause problems unnecessarily for her.

Difficult call...


Floor: #3
Post Time: 9th October 2010, 10:34 AM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
What a nightmare !

Thanks for taking one for the team hewey_30.

I hope you get over it.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 20th April 2011, 09:19 PM
Poster ID: cspan
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I range this lady once and she definitely didn't sound happy. I decided to test her (given I had decided I didn't want to see her) by asking for something totally out left field. A normal working lady would give an answer right away of her own accord, which should be no. Someone who perhaps is not under her own will would ask "the boss".

So I asked her "What about natural?".
She replied "Natural, what you mean?"
I replied "Everything, oral and full services".
She put the phone down and spoke to someone then came back and said yes, extra $200. 
Holy s**t I thought and told her that it wasn't a good idea and if she needed help, either tell me or someone you trust. Hope she got some help.


