Thread Title: Jenny, vietnamese - Reid ACT - 0426 965 921
Floor: #1
Post Time: 19th June 2016, 05:30 PM
Poster ID: 2horny
Post Title: 
 Jenny, vietnamese - Reid ACT - 0426 965 921
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jenny

Establishment : private

Date of Visit : June 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Cute Vietnamese babe Jenny in town. From $120/30mins, extra services available. - Canberra escorts - backpage.com]400 - Bad Request

mobile:0426965921

Hours of Business : N/A

Rates : $120/30 min

Age : real: 35, advertises 19

Size/shape : short, slim but with curves and a pot belly.  nice fake breast, nice slim waist, nice round bum.  Face is average to slightly below average.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Vietnamese

Services Provided : FS (and massage too)

Value for money/recommend? : Borderline

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)
So her photos shows her on the balcony of her apartment, which give a lot of credibility to claim "100% real photos".

Jenny wasn't far off in terms of looks, but she is short and not as skinny as the the photos would suggest.  having said that, she has a really nice body with curves - which I think most guys will be interested in.  Her face is not as pretty as I'd hoped, but I went ahead anyway.  She shares the apt. with another girl who is about the same age and size (just slightly slimmer).  They are both very clean and methodical.  The apartment smelled of curry which made me hungry.  They keep it very dark - I think so that guys don't see any flaws they have.
I went punting because I had some time to do so, not because I was really keen for it, so I wasn't super hard for the get go.  Jenny's CBJ was ok, and she got me semi hard and then mounted me.  (There is an option for BBBJ).  Her english is very bad but I got her into a smooth rhythm and played with her tits while she was in cow girl.  it was good but she kept asking me if the sex was good.  I assured her it was, but I didn't really feel like trying to converse because of her english level.
Over all it was a bit mechanical and she can be a bit fussy.  We changed positions a few times and she wasn't very tight, so I got into doggy and pounded her great round butt while she kept asking me to finish (pounding harder with each request).  a lot of fake noises and "you give it to me hard..."
I would have spent more time sucking her tits, but she was too short for me.  I didn't try for a kiss as she wasn't a looker.  At the end she gave me a good massage - I think there is a massage only option.

would i return - no.  but my first choice is out of town and she was ok, it saved me calling more WLs and driving around even more.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 19th June 2016, 07:03 PM
Poster ID: nextlif
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
We also have a thread for Jenny when she was in Parramatta

https://auxxxreviews.com/forum/f100/...t=0426+965+921


