Floor: #1
Post Time: 19th July 2017, 12:23 PM
Poster ID: stevie222
Post Title: 
 Jess - 0424784855 / 0424953558 - tour
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jess

Establishment : Lyneham Motor Inn, Mouat St

Date of Visit : Tues 18th July 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0424 784 855 advertised at ??JESS 25yo Slim Playful Kinky Brunette Babe?Tanned, Big Boobs, Sexy,Busty & Wet - Canberra escorts - backpage.com.au, but then responded to SMS from 0424 953 558

Hours of Business : Unsure - presumably long hours

Rates : $130 for 30mins, $180 for 45mins, $220 for 60mins, $30 bbbj, $50 cim

Age : About 45 (not the promised 25yo NZ/Italian)

Size/shape : Slim, short

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian - Chinese (99% sure)

Services Provided : Full service, bbbj, cim

Value for money/recommend? : VFM arguable, possibly, but wouldn't recommend

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

This was a fake ad, which I was half-expecting given the too good to be true photos, the switch of mobile phone number, the questionable English in the ad, and the constant use of the title 'baby' in lead-up SMS which seems to be widespread amongst Asian WLs. But, having always gone with WLs with a good body of reviews behind them in the past, I thought I'd go out on a limb for once.

Got to the motel, texted, was texted back the room number (at the back of the motel - perhaps a 50m walk, having already walked from parking around the corner). Upon entering the darkened room, I could see that the room (like the rest of the motel) was pretty old and dilapidated, everything a shade of brown. The woman who let me in was clearly not the lady in the photos, but was instead a small Asian woman. First impression of age was 30-35 (bearing in mind the room was dark), but later realised it was more like 45. I was on the cusp of 'walking' but having gone to the trouble of organising this far, thought I may as well ask a few questions - do you enjoy/are you comfortable giving bbbj? Are you happy to go for whole 30mins? Etc. Yes, yes, yes, all smiles. Exchanged $210 for 30mins + extras listed above.

Was asked to disrobe (no shower offered). Before bbbj, was given a ferocious clean with wet wipes. She was thorough. It was at the point of being too rough to endure, but I thought at least it means she means business and won't just take in the tip and use her hands for 90%. We persevered with bbbj for a few minutes, she was ok but a little hard and fast to reach a climax. In any case, we mutually agreed to move onto missionary (condom on). She began with some obvious fake moaning, but as I worked my way deeper she seemed to genuinely start enjoying herself. More than me I might add, as she wasn't all that tight - not the worst ever, but definitely not the 25yo I'd been dreaming of on answering the ad. She seemed to climax genuinely, but was happy for me to continue. She seemed happier now and used her long nails to sensually scratch/tickle my back/chest/side. I got close, asked her to hold me (she had laid back a bit after reaching her climax), which turned out to be a mistake as she wrapped me in a vice-like bear hug which almost crushed my chest cavity let alone limited my thrusting. By the time I made it clear that it was waaay too tight, the moment was lost and we reverted to bbbj (another quick wipe first, not as lengthy as the first). This one was much better - maybe it was the fact that she done well out of the full service and was more relaxed, maybe it was that I'd taken the trouble to ask if she was genuinely happy to do bbbj and she felt she owed me a decent effort, but anyway she took me in much deeper this time and used her left hand to tickle/stroke my balls simultaneously. Only needed a few minutes of this to reach the end of the line. She spat out my cum back over my cock and continued to stroke my cock with her hand for another 10-15 secs or so. No massage offered at the end even though we'd just gone over about 20mins, I wasn't particularly bothered though as while it wasn't exactly the punt I was after it had gone much better than it was looking 5mins in. Having said that, a few times in there my mind did wander to the reliable, more sensual Jenny a few doors down in the big apartments at 1 Mouat St (see review elsewhere).

Took my time dressing and asking about her plans, she says she arrived on Monday and will be here a week. She answered another call on loudspeaker, a guy booking her for a 'youngster who hasn't done it before'. Left after 25mins. Wouldn't return by a long shot but was pleased to get a reasonable effort out of her.

Other points - there were 2x double beds in the room, both looked fresh but presumably it helps her to have 2 beds if there is a quick turnover between visitors. I see on backpage that there are a number of other ads promoting various girls, all with similar English, formatting, and contact numbers beginning with 0424. If you answer any of these ads, be prepared to get a middle-aged Asian woman (either this one or one of a group of cheap operators).

Could have walked, maybe should have, but at least managed to salvage some pleasure from the encounter.


