Thread Title: Jessica Shane - Canberra (tour) - 0412 410 087
Floor: #1
Post Time: 28th February 2015, 09:14 PM
Poster ID: Lustvader
Post Title: 
 Jessica Shane - Canberra (tour) - 0412 410 087
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jessica Shane

Establishment : private

Date of Visit : February 2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0412 410 087 | backpage and CT ads

Hours of Business : unknown

Rates : $250/45mins ($150/20mins, $200/30mins, $300/hr)

Age : 30-something

Size/shape : 12, C cup, 5'9

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : FS

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : I arranged to meet Jessica after a long day at the office and she proved to be the perfect pick-me-up.  She advertises herself as a 'sexy secretary from Melbourne' indulging in a 'n@ughty hobby' and her photo was enough to convince me to 'interview' her.

Jessica is a tall blonde with a friendly, effervescent personality that tells you instantly you're going to enjoy your time with her.  And I sure did.  She greeted me warmly and, with business and shower out of the way, we began by kissing each other quite passionately.  I suspect her breasts may be enhanced -- if so, it's not very obvious -- but they felt great and I went to town on them, before a spot of DATY which got both our juices flowing.  

It was then my turn to be on the receiving end and Jessica's CBJ was very sensual and better than I'd had in quite a while.  Sex was had in cowgirl and missionary but I could tell she was a fun sort so decided to finish with a bit of Spanish, and she eventually jerked me off on her boobs, seemingly enjoying the experience almost as much as I did.  All too soon our time was up and there was a slight rush to shower and flee before her next booking appeared on the doorstep.  It sounded like she's quite popular and I can understand why.  A fun Aussie chick who genuinely seems to enjoy her 'n@ughty hobby'.

Her backpage ad:




NEW FIRST TIME VISIT! 

Sexy secretary from Melbourne in Canberra AVAILABLE NOW FOR BOOKINGS!

Hi, my name is Jessica Shane. I’m a sexy secretary from Melbourne ready to have some fun in Canberra! 

I have some time off work, so look out Canberra boys I’m heading your way for the first time! 

Why don’t you come and VISIT ME in my apartment in Reid for some fun times?! I’m a classy 32 year old Australian lady (I look a lot younger), tall, with shoulder length blonde hair, and blue eyes. I have a body for sin and am size 10-12, with a large C cup breasts and nice round butt. I look like the innocent girl next girl secretary, but get me behind closed doors I am anything but! 

I am highly educated, well travelled, sophisticated and intelligent, but lets face it, none of this will matter when you get lost in my kisses and your hands are roaming my body! 

I am extremely friendly, affectionate, ‘down to earth’ and don’t take myself too seriously. It is important to me that you have just a great time as I do, and leave me with a smile on your face. I have many repeat visitors – perhaps this has something to do with the fact that I love my n a u g h t y ‘hobby’ when I am not working as a secretary! 

I provide the full girlfriend experience and pamper you during our time together – passionate kissing, touching, licking, teasing, mutual oral, and intimate sex. If we finish early (or to begin) I love to let you wind down with a lovely firm massage with body slides.

20 minute ‘quickie’    $ 150
30 minute    $ 200
45 minute $ 250
1 hour    $ 300

Cash only 
In calls to my apartment in Reid only
Flexible availability

I can be contacted on email at jshane087@yahoo.com.au or 0412 410 087

Please note: discretion is EXTREMELY IMPORTANT to me due to my day job so please be reassured that your privacy will be respected.

Please call/text message/email me to arrange an unforgettable time together.

If I don't answer, please leave a message as to when it is convenient for me to call you back. Otherwise, call back at your leisure. If you are going to email me, please ensure you introduce yourself and let me know what you are looking for and when you would like to visit me.


Her CT ad:




NEW BLONDE AUSSIEFrom Melbourne.Jessica Shane. 32yo.Ph 0412 410 087


