Thread Title: JK - Civic - 0478 003 168
Floor: #1
Post Time: 7th January 2011, 03:56 PM
Poster ID: therapod
Post Title: 
 JK - Civic - 0478 003 168
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: jk

Establishment (if applicable): Seems to be several girls working from apartments

Contact Details/Address: Marcus Clarke Street.
Initial phone contact was 0402 665571
Followup calls on 0478 003168

Hours of Business: (if known or applicable) Don't know, Don't care

Prices: 1hr $300, 1/2 hour $150

Age: 22

Size/shape: tall, slim, size 8

Nationality or Ethnicity: Chinese

Services: Advertised Full Service and BBBJ, Delivered nil!

Value for money/recommend?: Certainly not!

I arrived 5 minutes early for our appointment, called, and was told to wait in the lobby. "JK will be down for you when she is ready". At 10 minutes past the time, I was about to walk out when a fairly attractive chinese girl walks in to the lobby and greets me. She leads me upstairs to a very nice appartment, confirms my 1 hour booking, and I give her the required money. We chat on the edge of the bed, then she suggests I have a shower - OK. A quick shower and some mouthwash, and I am keen to go. Then she goes in for a shower, hmmm... At least after that we are both naked. "Would I like a massage" - yes, sounds good. The massage is OK, but goes on for a while. Then she pauses, and says "Only 10 minutes left, I need to have a shower. There are lot's of others queued up! OK?" Well - it wasn't OK, but I was too stunned to protest. She got in to the shower, I got dressed, and walked out.

When I got to my car, I was starting to get pretty angry, so texted the second number to say 35 minutes massage, no suggestion of any happy ending, for a 1 hour booking was not acceptable. Whoever was runnng the pgone replied with an offer of a new girl for a discounted rate, $20 off for the hour :-{

I said no. Quite likely my last punt ever, certainly my last unreviewed punt - such an appalling experience will stick in my memory.

Zarzoff


Floor: #2
Post Time: 7th January 2011, 04:58 PM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks Zarzoff for TOFTT.

"she'll fall like the leaves do fall, but she won't get another". 

Try Roxy, Ambrosia or another of the ones that are in it for the long haul.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 7th January 2011, 06:44 PM
Poster ID: Stevegem
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
zarzoff

thanks for sharing, one to avoid nex ttime im in the region

I had a jolly good time with Lucie at Chriindys, petite attractive pocket rocket (see Chrisindies thread). 
Seem to have lots of new girls there, all caucasians


Floor: #4
Post Time: 10th January 2011, 10:07 AM
Poster ID: v8xxxar
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks for letting me know, i was going to see her last week but couldn't make it, thankfully..  I also asked the girl who took the initial call if 'JK' would do everything quoted on the 'myoutcall' website (bbbj, cim, dfk etc) and she said that everything quoted on the site will be offered. I was going to re schedule today but i won't bother now.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 10th January 2011, 06:39 PM
Poster ID: therapod
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
As a follow on - I was mulling this over, and I think that the girl in question was essentially being given back to back bookings for much of the day. Probably did not help her motivation at all, and means her change-over time comes out of the punter's pocket.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 13th May 2011, 11:12 AM
Poster ID: willy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
That sounds terrible, sorry that happened to you zarzoff


I'd had some pretty bad shockers and ripoffs in my time too lol, as well as some totally awesome ladies ;-)

I dont have unlimited money though lol I'm not rich or anything so I'd much rather sensibly spend my heard earned on great women not shitty times like what you went through


Thats a violation of the Trade Practices Act, promising one thing, taking your money, not delivering, bait and switch

But whose going to complain to consumer affairs "Oh she promised a blowjob but all I got was a massage" lol


Floor: #7
Post Time: 14th September 2011, 11:04 PM
Poster ID: Foxy Roxy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by fartichoke


Thanks Zarzoff for TOFTT.

Try Roxy, Ambrosia or another of the ones that are in it for the long haul
"""



Thanks babe... it's always nice to know when you're appreciated!


