Thread Title: Joey - Canberra CBD - 0422 841 803
Floor: #1
Post Time: 8th February 2017, 08:31 PM
Poster ID: ABC_Bonker
Post Title: 
 Joey - Canberra CBD - 0422 841 803
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name:Joey

Establishment: private

Date of Visit: This week

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: Phone 0422 841 803 / Cracker ad

Hours of Business: 9am - 10pm,  everyday whilst she is here

Rates: 
Erotic Massage : $80 - 30 mins | $120 - 45 mins |$160 - 60 mins
Full Service        : $110 - 30 mins | $160 - 45 mins | $200 - 60 mins

Age: 23 stated ( could be a little older but still looks young)

Size/shape: Size 6, slim / athletic, 32B

Nationality or Ethnicity: Thai

Services Provided: Full Service / Massage

Value for money/recommend?: Yes / Yes

My experience/comments:

I have been keeping an eye on Joey's ad for a while but could not arrange to see her until this week.

Booking was easy via SMS (her preferred method of communication) and she was working from the Argyle Apartments and surprisingly it was easy to find her room this time. I was pleasantly surprised to find that Joey was just like her pictures on the Cracker ad (and elsewhere), nice luscious long brown hair, a cute face and a slim athletic figure looking very desirable in bikini bottoms and a boob tube.  To top it off, she was as her ad states, very friendly with very good communication skills.

I had made the booking for the hour but left the option open for either a massage or FS, but once I saw her I agreed on FS and handed over the money.  She left me for a short time whilst I undressed (and I suspect for her to store the money somewhere).  A shower was offered but I had just showered.

I asked for a short massage whilst we had a bit of a chat about her and life and she was very good to talk to.  Her massage is more of a relaxation / sensual style rather than the  traditional Thai or therapeutic style, so I wouldn't be going there thinking you are going to get anything other than a sensual style massage. I also gave her a short massage, mainly to find out more about here whilst checking out her slim waist and sexy butt 

I asked Joey if she wrote the ad or was it her agency but she said she drafted it with a friend so I said "good that you like 69 so do I" .... 

After massaging her sexy body I was ready to go and asked if she minded I DATY before going 69.  She was ok with that, so she turned over and I feasted on her juicy fully shaved pussy.  She has nice prominent lips but seemingly a very small clit.  Whilst she squirmed around a little when I sucked on her nipples for a while before going down on her, there was no FOAM so wasn't sure if she was really enjoying it but I sure did!  We switched to 69 after she slipped a DOM on and her BJ technique felt pretty good for me, unfortunately I didn't get to visualise the sight as I had my head buried between her thighs .

After 69, we started off with Reverse Cowboy, with that sexy butt and tight pussy, it was a sight to behold before switching to Doggie and finishing off in the Spoon position which gave me another chance to cuddle Joey's sexy body.

After removing the DOM and cleaning me up, Joey continued on with massaging my back and butt before the buzzer rang for the shower time.

I was very happy with my time with Joey, she is very easy on the eye and is very friendly (YMMV though depending on how you treat her).  The cost is on par with similar ads on Cracker.  I would be happy to make a return visit the next time she is in town.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 8th February 2017, 08:40 PM
Poster ID: ABC_Bonker
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Her Cracker ad




			
				Thread Title: Joey - Canberra CBD - 0422 841 803
Floor: #16
Post Time: 21st August 2017, 08:56 AM
Poster ID: lofty14u
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Guys, does she do BBBJ or covered?


Floor: #17
Post Time: 22nd August 2017, 03:18 PM
Poster ID: mstewart
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Joey

Establishment : private

Date of Visit : 17/19/2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : ??Don't miss ??"?JOEY?"?Real photos ? " JOEY" ?? Stunning thai lady . Come to see me?...0422-841-803 - Canberra escorts - cracker.com.au

Hours of Business : 10am - 10pm

Rates : Full service: 30min=$110. 45min=$160. 60min=$200. Massage: 30min=$80. 45min=$120. 60min=$160.

Age : 24

Size/shape : Petite size 6

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Massage, HE

Value for money/recommend? : Definitely. Awesome body. Awesome personality. Awesome technique

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)
Read a few of these reviews and definitely agree that her photos are 100% accurate.

She is stunning, and also a lovely lady to talk to a lot of fun, and very easy to contact and lock in a time.

I only paid for a $80 massage for 30 minutes. It was bliss. Very nice not too firm massage to relieve stress in my back, then very sensuous to entice me to turnover.

When I turned over I could enjoy her incredible body, and her very nice technique getting me hard.

Asked her to wanked me in a few different positions, and it was no problem. I love it best cuddling next to me and I can look down a beautiful body. Although she wouldn't' let me suck her nipples in that position. Perhaps it is okay for FS?

Had a very enjoyable 30 minutes, no rush, building up to a great orgasm.

I don't often do FS, but may have to before she leaves. Can't get her out of my head.


Floor: #18
Post Time: 3rd November 2017, 06:21 PM
Poster ID: lofty14u
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Joey

Establishment : Private apartment in the Argyle rabbit warren

Date of Visit : This week

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : As above

Hours of Business : 1000 - 2200hrs

Rates : As above

Age : Told me she is actually 30.

Size/shape : Tiny little Thai lass

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai and Lao mix

Services Provided : For me....FS, BJ, DATY

Value for money/recommend? : Hell yeah!

My experience/comments : 

Well I finally was able to catch up with Joey. She works between Sydney and Canberra, so you have to catch here when she's in town. A simple SMS confirms her current location. Contact is very easy, she responds quickly and I booked a time.
Apartment is easy to find, even being in the Argyle apartments, I still found her quickly.
She opens the door dressed in this lovely bikini. She is genuine to her pics. Gorgeous and a stunning body.
Into the room, money exchanged, $120 for 30 mins FS. She disappears to stash the cash and returns as I undress and jump on the bed. She disrobes and joins me. I watch her undress, she is a stunner this girl. For a Thai girl, she has milky white skin, not the brown skinned Issan girl you normally see. She is actually half Thai and half Lao. She starts with a CBJ as I caress her fine size 7? (is that an actual size?) She has tiny little B cups and lovely perky nipples. Further south and her pussy is as smooth as Thai silk and little lips protruding. It's too hard to resit, so I start some DATY. Wow.........she is so clean and has such a lovely pussy, I could eat it for hours. She lays back, a little heavy breathing coming from her, but she doesn't get too carried away. As others have stated, there's no over the top fake moaning, and she just lays there, with a smile and her breathing does get a little heavier, but thats about it..........
We swap into 69 and I'm savouring her pussy and watching her gobble little Lofty. Oh man, I'm in heaven! She doesn't attempt DT but her technique is very nice all the same. Into reverse cowgirl and the sight of my tool, disappearing into this goddess is a sight to behold. Her little lips engulfing my tool and her freckle winking at me........She makes all the right moves and is very tight. What a gem she is!
She asks if I'd like doggy and we proceed. I think i was getting in a bit deep as I did notice her clutching at the bedclothes and looked a bit uncomfortable, so I double checked that all was ok. She said it's OK, but I eased off a tad on the deep thrusts all the same. 
I could feel the eruption was coming, it's just such a divine sight, looking down at her fine arse as your tool thrusts in and out.........did I mention that she's gorgeous?? 
So, dom off and I blurted all over those lovely B cuppers. 
She offers a shower and cleans me up. We had a nice chat about Thailand and other stuff and then I was on my way. No way do you feel rushed or like just another John. She has a fantastic "bedside manner" and a lot of other working girls could learn a lot from Joey in regards to making punters feel at home. I felt like I'd known her for years. 
Would I return.........shit yeah, I can't wait!


Floor: #19
Post Time: 8th May 2018, 01:26 AM
Poster ID: lofty14u
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I want to see Joey again, but every time I SMS her, she's in Sydney. Does she ever come to Canberra now?


Floor: #20
Post Time: 9th May 2018, 01:24 AM
Poster ID: Beyondkakui
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Someone mentioned elsewhere that she is gone for the time being, no known returning date.


Floor: #21
Post Time: 12th May 2018, 12:05 PM
Poster ID: nefarious
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Joey

Establishment : private escort 

Date of Visit : April 2018

Location: Canberra 

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://m.locanto.com.au/canberra/ID...Thai-lady.html.  O422 841 803

Hours of Business : 10am till 10pm

Rates : $200 an hour

Age : 25 + -

Size/shape : VERY SLIM 165cm B cup 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Very beautiful cute funny

Good English 

Services Provided : Massage , FS , light kissing ( at joeys discretion) , DATY , CBJ

Value for money/recommend? : Sex buddy , highly recommend 

My experience:


https://m.locanto.com.au/canberra/ID...Thai-lady.html


I’ve met Joey a number of times , since first making a booking earlier this year. Communication has always been fun and easy., even when it took a number of months to finally meet. And it was worth waiting.

The first booking was made on the strength of a number of very positive reviews  here and I have on another thread placed comments.

i can say everything around Joey, is as described , lovely , warm, inviting .her pics on her ad whilst limited are of her..

 A gorgeous young Thai woman.

As Joey had been in Canberra through April , I have had opportunity to reacquaint myself with her.

on the first meeting this month at her apartment near the city,  I suggested I’d like at the next opportunity., that been a warm autumn day, to go to the river picnic and have some fun play.

To say at first Joey did look somewhat perplexed is an understatement and took some discussion before she agreed, and with my clear position that if she wasn’t comfortable, relaxed once there we would only eat chat have a drink and I’d take her back. We were both happy with this.

i should also say that whilst Joey did agree to come with me ( outcall) , I’d imagine she wouldn’t do this with everyone and  not without knowing them and feeling safe.

So Canberra is hit with a series of typical hot April days , I’m checking the BOM and the surf report with some interest. and  the tension of a great surf or., a great day with Joey was mounting .

My interest in a great afternoon of pleasure with a Joey won out , rationalising there’ll be another day of big swell , but a long time before Joey returns.

Hot day tomorrow , text message agreed time . I hit the shops grab some wine , food to prepare. 

I meet joey, normally I’m greeted with her wide smile and taut body in lingerie. Today a broad smile still though looking super cuter in tight jeans , T and hair up in a pony Hmmm

A warm kiss at her door and she puts her arms around me and asks again will she be ok . I say yes. And return the kiss.

I’m  seriously hard as I stand there at her door and as I’m pressed against her , its obvious. Strange, I feel a bit self conscious like a date.. I go to move away and Joey does the unexpected and grabs my waist as she kneels down., in front of me. I’m smiling and also curious.. .is she about to go down on me,  while I stand just inside her door?

Yes.  sweet Mary Jesus , Joey does . Not BBj as she deftly dresses my cock and takes me in her mouth.

Man I’m having a serious treat and I know iit. I like a good slow BJ and Joey is doing it after some gentle direction, oh so right and I find myself coming much faster than I’d normally.

Again another Joey moment that is so Off Piste and unexpected, I find myself laughing . 

A moment of recovery, a glass of water and I’m thinking fuk it, lets stay here, though Joey is already grabbing her keys and asking, what I bought with me for us to eat. ( I’m thinking yiu ... 