Thread Title: Joline Tang  - Canberra (Tour) - 0405 638 312
Floor: #1
Post Time: 22nd January 2015, 07:27 PM
Poster ID: ABC_Bonker
Post Title: 
 Joline Tang  - Canberra (Tour) - 0405 638 312
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name :  Joline Tang

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : This week

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :  Phone 0405 638 312.

http://www.privategirls.com.au/joline_tang.php 

http://www.australian-babe.com/babes/new-south-wales/joline-tang 

www.jolinetang.com 

Hours of Business : 9am – 11pm.

Rates : Full Service $200 / half hour | $300 / 1 hour | $1700 Overnight
            Extras were available but I didn’t ask.

Age : Says 26 , could be up to mid 30’s.

Size/shape : Approx 165cm without high heels, slim, perky breasts 32B – Size 6.

Nationality or Ethnicity : HK Chinese but has been in Australia for a while.

Services Provided : FS, Dress ups, role play see post below for range offered.

Value for money/recommend? : I thought so, luxurious apartment.

My experience/comments :
Browsing through Cracker came across the ad “An Asian To Satisfy Your Every Desire - In CANBERRA - 20TH - 23RD JANUARY”.  I have visited  Joline’s website before and have been meaning to visit her in Sydney but haven’t got around to it.  The icing on the cake was she was operating in a luxurious apartment and in the CBD.

Booking was easy, sent an SMS, got a reply back almost immediately and made a booking with instructions to contact her when I was nearby for the room number.  I asked if she had her Nurse’s uniform and she informed me that she had only brought her schoolgirl uniform due to luggage restrictions.  Schoolgirl it is *evil grin*.   Joline was in one of the newer hotels on Northbourne Ave, you do have to slink by the reception though to get to the lifts.  Cameras were everywhere too.

Joline answered the door dressed in a very nice mini, with white high heels.  She was quite attractive, had a nice smile and very good English with a Hong Kong accent.  After financials were sorted, gave me a hug and some light kissing, I got to squeeze her sexy butt through her dress and traced the outline of her G-string through the dress.  She offered me the shower and apologised for the low amount of soap available as she had to move rooms earlier and had accidently left her own toiletries behind.  The cleaners were efficient and had already disposed of them when she went back.

When I came out of the shower Joline had changed into a sexy School girl’s uniform and looked very inviting with her long hair (all the way down to her waist).  Not only did she have the uniform on but she also did the role play of a ....... student – I was impressed and turned on more.  After some light kissing and nuzzling of each other’s neck and ears, we reclined onto the bed for some extended kissing.  She was a very good kisser and we were at it for quite a while.  I removed her top to fondle her firm breasts and to suck gently on those perky nipples.  They were quite responsive and firmed up considerably to the attention of my lips and tongue.  I moved lower, removing her little school girl’s mini, my stroking of her butt under the skirt earlier had confirmed she was naked below.  She had a fully shaved pussy with nice pouty lips…very inviting so I moved lower and gave her a good licking, teasing her slit and clit.  Her fingers and hand were caressing my cock teasingly during this time keeping me rock hard.  I couldn’t resist and turned her over to the doggie position and gave her a good rimming, what an ass!  More kissing then it was my turn and she slowly teased my cock with her tongue before sucking it.  Joline had a great BBBJ technique and I wasn’t going to last too long.  I mentioned this to  her and she slipped on a condom for us to start in the missionary position with her legs resting on my shoulders, it was a great sight to see those pouty pussy lips stretched over my cock, I almost blew there  and then.  We switched to doggie and that was the position I finished in.

We had a good post-coital chat, she was easy to talk to and then I showered and left.

Apologies for the lengthy descriptive post,   I had a great time and would see her again in Sydney or when she next visits to sample some of the other delights mentioned in her ad, her body slide for one sounds interesting.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 22nd January 2015, 07:30 PM
Poster ID: ABC_Bonker
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Her Cracker Ad





An Asian To Satisfy Your Every Desire - In CANBERRA - 20TH - 23RD JANUARY

contact seller
Email: jolinetang87@gmail.com
Phone: 0405638312


Hi 

My name is Joline, i'm 26 y.o from Hong Kong, i'm currently touring Canberra and will be available until late everyday from the 20th - 23rd January. I am staying in a luxury apartment within walking distance of the city centre. 

I'd firstly like to reassure you that your dealing with a real Asian girl - no fake photos or description - i am completely private and not run by any agencies - unlike the countless fake photos you see online i am 100% genuine and will offer you that guarantee. 

Here's a little about myself, i'm raised and educated here, i'm a size 6 girl with very long black hair and have a C cup bust. 
I take pride in my appearance and always dress immaculately when we first meet. I am very friendly and easy to get along with so if your a first timer to visiting apartments please don't worry as i will make you feel very comfortable. 

My service ranges from a passionate girlfriend experience with plenty of foreplay or for those that prefer something a little more adventurous i can offer some additional extra's, i do aim to please every client that visits me with a service that's unmatched in this industry. 

****** 100% REAL PHOTOS ****** 

Please also note that i have used my genuine photo's on this site, unlike most that make the same claim you can be assured that the person you will meet is exactly the person portrayed here. 

Other verified photo's and reviews can be found on the following sites; 

Joline Tang Private Sydney Escort 

Joline Tang - Escort in Sydney, New South Wales | Australian Babe 

| Escort Services 

My service includes the following: 

- Passionate kissing 
- Deluxe Oral 
- New Oral techniques 
- Mutual Oral 
- 69r's 
- Sensual Massage 
- Shower together 
- Girlfriend experience 
- Role Play 
- COB 
- Anal Stimulation 
- Prostate Massage 
- Toys 
- Uniforms (policewoman, schoolgirl, maid, secretary, nurse, air hostess and more) 
- Sexy Lingerie/stocking 


ADDITIONAL EXTRA'S (Please text or discuss during our time together) 

HOURS: (SMS BOOKINGS PREFERRED) 

4 Day Tour 

9am - 11pm 


MY INCALL RATES: 

30 MINUTES - 200 
60 MINUTES - 300 

MY OUTCALL RATE: 

60 MINUTES - 350 (cbd area only) 

OVERNIGHT BOOKING - 

6 HOURS - 1700 

NOTE PRIVATE OR BLOCKED NUMBERS ARE NEVER ANSWERED - I NEVER PARTICIPATE OR ENTERTAIN ANYONE UNDER THE INFLUENCE OF NARCOTICS - PLEASE RESPECT MY WISHES. 

I HAVE DISPLAYED ALL MY CURRENT PHOTO'S, PLEASE DO NOT REQUEST ADDITIONAL PHOTO'S - MY PROFILE DESCRIPTION AND PHOTO'S ARE 100% GENUINE. 

Hugs & Kisses 

Joline xoxx


Floor: #3
Post Time: 23rd January 2015, 06:21 AM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by ABC_Bonker


Person's Name :  Joline Tang

Establishment : Private
.

"""



Thank you for your review ABC_Bonker.

Good review.

Joline's work in Sydney is reviewed extensively here, http://auxxxreviews.com/forum/f100/j...t=0405+638+312


Floor: #4
Post Time: 23rd January 2015, 07:33 AM
Poster ID: Lustvader
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Presumably 'Deluxe Oral' = BBBJ, but I'm curious about her 'New Oral techniques' -- any idea what that means??


Floor: #5
Post Time: 23rd January 2015, 07:44 AM
Poster ID: ABC_Bonker
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Unfortunately this was the first time I have met Joline so I couldn't compare between old and new. I found her current bbbj exquisite though 😍


Floor: #6
Post Time: 23rd January 2015, 07:49 AM
Poster ID: ABC_Bonker
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks Farti, I read joline's reviews in the NSW section wasn't sure whether to add to it or start a Canberra one as I saw her here. 

From the NSW reviews they seem more pornstar related , I just went with the flow and it turned into more of a gf experience for me.


