Thread Title: Josephine - Gunghalin - 0412 974 770
Floor: #1
Post Time: 4th February 2019, 07:25 PM
Poster ID: Dick90
Post Title: 
 Josephine - Gunghalin - 0412 974 770
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Josephine

Establishment : Private apartment/unit in Gunghalin, canberra. Although i suspect she is one of those people who keeps moving from place to place.

Date of Visit : 10 Jan 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 

Phone :0412974770 

Hours of Business : All day according to what she said, but she didn't reply between 11pm-6am, so i think she is available outside those times.

Rates : 200/60, 160/45, 130/30, 100/20

Age : her profile said 23, but i think she was 30+.

Size/shape : slim with a bit of belly, boobs were not firm, ass was alright. Not the most attractive asian i've met.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian

Services Provided : Sex, oral, light massage (really bad)

Value for money/recommend? : Fuck No, avoid her at all costs.

My experience/comments : First of all let me warn people that these type of escorts change their name, they have multiple profiles with different names, details and stuff but the same phone number. I am pretty sure it's like a racket where there is 1-2 number per area. These people generally rent a place, but the escorts change every few weeks. They move on. I have had the unpleasant experience of encountering too many of these people.

Anyway, about this visit:

Her apartment was on the 9th floor. As soon as you knock, she will open the door and wait for you to come inside. The room smelt of cigarettes, alcohol and maybe some drugs too. When i arrived she led me to a room where there was a mattress on the floor, not even a proper bed. She then asked for the money and asked me to undress. Whilst i was doing that she left the room to put the money somewhere else. When she came back i was fully undressed and she started undressing too. She had no english skills whatsoever so i don't know how she gets around. Later on i saw she was using an app that automatically translated english into some asian language and vice versa.

Her services started with a massage which was really bad, it hurt my bones a lot. So i asked her to move on to a blow job next which was very sloppy. She kept texting on her phone most of the time to her pimp or other customers (couldn't tell as the text was in an asian language), so she wasn't very attentive. I then decided that was enough and asked her to lie on her back so i could taste her pussy (tasted really bad like she han't showered for day). I lost all excitement after a while. I wasn't going to put my dick into her pussy after tasting that filth so i just asked her to finish up with a blow job which was taking too long. I had just lost my sex drive completely, so i decided to use my hand too. It was the worst $100 spent in my life.

In conclusion: Stay away at all costs.


