Thread Title: Kate King - Canberra - 0413 719 583
Floor: #1
Post Time: 21st August 2018, 08:36 PM
Poster ID: myself01
Post Title: 
 Kate King - Canberra - 0413 719 583
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Kate King

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : August 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://scarletblue.com.au/escort/ka...?city=Canberra

Phone : 0413 719 583

Hours of Business : 12-12. Rates : 400 per hour for standard 

Age : 20's. 

Size/shape : Slim, hourglass

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie/NZ

Services Provided : CBJ FS

Value for money/recommend? : Yes.

My experience/comments: 

Have been meaning to see this Woman and finally got a chance whilst doing some travel. When I entered her room my jaw dropped. She looked incredibly hot. She is the sort of girl that I'd see at a bar and dream of sleeping with. She is HOT! 

Kate sat me down, cuddled with me whilst we chatted. I was shown my way to the shower and when I came out to the room again found Kate lying naked in bed. I wasn't expecting this, and would have preferred to undress her - there is something exciting about slowly undressing and exploring a lady. I made my way into her bed and we began making out passionately. She gave me a nice CBJ whilst paying attention to my balls and perineal area. 

She then turned herself so that we could enjoy some time in 69. Next, we moved to doggy style, where I was spanking her meaty ass whilst enjoying the view of her backside. We then moved onto some passionate missionary with kissing, which somehow transformed into a position where we were both upright, standing on hour knees. Then Kate got on top and rode me. I enjoyed the view of her tits whilst grabbing onto her ass as she pounded my cock. About 30 seconds into this she leant forward and put her nipple into my mouth to suck. The excitement was too much and I had a throbbing orgasm. She then took off my condom and emptied it on her tits. An unexpectedly nice touch. 

Then we moved to the shower together and I got to once again run my hands across her sexy as fuck body. 

She is pretty amazing and is a bargain at $400! Only minus is that she only offers CBJ. Be nice to her guys. She's a true gem!


