Thread Title: Katie Kennedy - Canberra (Tour) - 0431 987 222
Floor: #1
Post Time: 1st October 2011, 02:29 PM
Poster ID: blowmedown
Post Title: 
 Katie Kennedy - Canberra (Tour) - 0431 987 222
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name :   Katie Kennedy

Establishment :   Private

Date of Visit :   October 2011

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :   Cbr Times, Cracker + Katie Kennedy - Home

Hours of Business :    Call

Rates :   $250 half/$400 hour

Age : Mid 20s

Size/shape :   5'7" slim

Nationality or Ethnicity :   Caucasian (North American)

Services Provided :   GFE, CBJ, DATY

Value for money/recommend? :   Fucking oath!

My experience/comments : Like me you have probably seen Katie's ads around for a while. Let me tell you her pics are actually not a true representation. She is much, much hotter. Her face is beautiful; there's no other way to describe it. I couldn't believe my luck!

I generally play it a bit safe first time I see a private girl and so only booked Katie for 30 mins. The moment we met I knew I should have booked for an hour. $400 is getting up there, I guess but she's is just so damn cute. Her face is a bit like a mix between Elisabeth Shue and Scarlett Johansson, and easily as cute. Honestly you could get lost in her eyes all day. Her body is very, very nice as well. She'd be a size 8 with silky smooth legs and generous (enhanced) tits. I prefer natural to be honest, but there can be no denying their form, they do look awesome.

On to the service; she started wearing a sexy bra and g-string with her past shoulder length blonde hair out. We began standing with gentle kissing and cuddling. Soon moved to the bed laying naked with each other. Mmm, mmm. More kissing followed. Katie didn't seem too keen for DFK, so I had to make do with soft pecks. With this hotty that's still all win anyway.

She was keen for DATY and I was very keen to see how much I could get her gorgeous body writhing around in pleasure. Between her legs I found a nicely waxed pussy and I had to offer it a bit of loving to wake her lips into action. She liked it, I liked it and I enjoyed a few minutes down there. Katie then flipped me over to start CBJ on my cock.

With her hair now tied back and bent over on her knees she looked fucking fantastic swallowing my pole. What a body! And you cannot imagine how good she looked when she hopped on top for some cowgirl action. 

We then switched to missionary, I started slowly but looking into her eyes I could only hang on for so long and I soon found myself pumping her cunt as hard as I could. Oh yes!!!

We finished up with a cuddle and some small talk. Like I said I could get lost looking at her face and caressing her body all day.

If I had to criticise I'd say she was a little rushed, not too bad, but slower CBJ would have been nice, for example. But that's getting very picky.

I've been punting a few times a year for around 15 years now and Katie is easily the prettiest WL I have seen. And she's very sweet too. This won't be my last visit. Thanks babe!

Value for money? Oh yeah, I'll be cashing on in this experience for quite some time, hehe.

She usually travels with a friend too, Natasha, who I met briefly. She's a brunette and pretty damn cute as well. I'm starting my twinshare piggy bank right now!


Floor: #2
Post Time: 27th October 2011, 02:17 PM
Poster ID: cspan
Post Title: 
 Katie Kennedy... or is that Erin?
				
Post Content: 
Something a bit odd, Katie ($400/hr) vs Erin ($550/hr).

Here's the bio from "Katie's" website: Katie Kennedy - About Me

"My name is Katie, a youthful 23 year old fortunate enough to possess a sexy body and gorgeous face.  I'm a Marilyn Monroe-shaped size 8 (yep, I'm all curves) and  have a perky DD cup, fair skin & long blonde hair. I have lovely soft skin and big sparkling green eyes, high cheek bones and plump generous soft lips.

Born and raised in Europe, I am well educated cultured but not without a huge sense of fun. I love reading, travelling and generally anything that makes me think or takes my breath away. I get along with everyone and I'm comfortable in all social situations and I can dress as needed for any occasion. I do black tie and corporate very well & so I enjoy being a companion at work functions & dinner.
Dinners 'one on one' are a favourite as I love good food, great company and chatting about current events or whatever comes to mind or makes us laugh."

And here's the bio from a woman who happens to be in town at the same time, "Erin Knox": Erin Knox - About Me

"My name is Erin, a 23 year old lucky enough to possess a sexy body and beautiful doll-like face.  I have a Marilyn Monroe figure, slim but with sensational curves. I have a supple, perky DD cup bust, a fair glowing complexion & long blonde hair. I have silky soft skin, big sparkling green eyes, high cheek bones and plump generous soft lips.

I am often told my face is my best feature and that my photographs don't do me justice as you cannot see my big, bright eyes or my infectious smile. I'll have to leave it up to you to see if you agree.

Born and raised in Europe, I am university educated and very well cultured, but that certainly doesn't make me boring! I love laughing and making people laugh. I also love reading, travelling and generally anything that intrigues me or takes my breath away. I get along with everyone and I'm comfortable in all situations and I can dress to perfection for any occasion.  
Dinners 'one on one' are a favourite as I love good food, great company and chatting about current events or whatever comes to mind or makes us laugh."

Not only do the bios match, the breasts in the pics from both sites look identical, as is the style of the photos. Only the hair length is different, with a recent review for Katie elsewhere saying she now has long hair - as does Erin.
Also interesting, both have a girlfriend they work with.

So basically, if they are indeed the same, make sure you book under the older name "Katie". Looks like she is introducing a new name to charge a higher price.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 27th October 2011, 07:40 PM
Poster ID: BadAussieBoy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Both websites are also provided by Vistaprint.

Anyhow, here is the link to the Katie Kennedy thread:

http://auxxxreviews.com/forum/f30/ka...87-222-a-9367/


Floor: #4
Post Time: 27th October 2011, 11:27 PM
Poster ID: bobo111
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
$400 for CBJ?  Pretty steep.  She used to work at the shoe.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 6th March 2012, 08:49 PM
Poster ID: blowmedown
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
A quick bump to remind you guys of this babe. I saw Katie again recently and she was even better than before. Prices etc same as above. It's a cliche but she really does have the face of an angel.

She's still a bit rushed with CBJ, not in terms of the time she spends down below just in terms of her technique. She's still bloody good though, well watching that face give head is a sight well worth savouring.

The sex was fucking awesome too, in every sense of the word. Cowgirl, missionary and doggy. Oh yeah, she was great!!!

A nice cuddle, some sensual kissing (no DFK unfortunately) and some DATY for dessert finished things off nicely. 

The only slight downer is that she was a bit quick on the timing. I booked for 30 mins and was out the door comfortably inside that timeframe, that's with a before and after shower as well. Still, I'm not going to let that spoil things because I had a such a damn good time.

Like last time, I'll be back.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 7th March 2012, 06:59 PM
Poster ID: philibuster
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks blowmedown, you are right about Katie's beauty. I had the pleasure of a couple of hours with her last year and found that the longer booking made for a very comfortable, sensual time. Maybe half an hour doesn't bring out the best of her many charms. She's a lovely lady who likes her sex.

And I noticed you indicated she's American. She's actually Irish and her lilting voice is a delight. Also just noticed from her website that she's now Canberra based. Things are certainly looking up.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 8th March 2012, 12:29 AM
Poster ID: blowmedown
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Shows how good I am with accents. But Irish, I like here even more now! She's only based here full-time for a another couple of months I think.


