Thread Title: Kimberly - Reid - 0424 986 918
Floor: #1
Post Time: 28th December 2013, 05:02 PM
Poster ID: UN Official
Post Title: 
 Kimberly - Reid - 0424 986 918
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Kimberly

Establishment : Private working Lady, Massage Lady - Argyle Apartments - (PUSSY PALACE!!!)

Date of Visit : 28/12/2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Apartment in Reid,

Hours of Business : 9am til late

Rates : $180 / hour Condom used for every fucking thing!!! CFS, CBJ, CRNT 

Age : 25-30

Size/shape : 10 has a bit of a tummy not much, awesome brown banana shaped titts, shaved moot, nice round ass.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thailand

Services Provided :Basically did fuck all!!!.

Value for money/recommend? : NO FUCKEN WAY!!!

My experience/comments :

Canberra at Xmas time is in a Whore Drought!!!!

I bought the Canberra Times, txt'd half a doz adds, got a nibble from this one.

Went there, she seemed really friendly and sweet.

Had a shower and got into it, she was making me lick her titts etc no kissing?

Then we lay down, more titty work then onto the shaven haven....hand on heart made her cum 6 times, so easily too!....then she starts squirting after the 2nd so i keep going 3 4 5 6!!!

The bed is soaked!!

So I stop and want to fuck her, stops and gets dom, righto then...start ploughing away...cums again and I want a rest.

I lay down and ask her to suck it...wants to put dom on...I say but you just came all over my face 6 times!!!

Nup...wants to suck with a dom...so i said dont bother.

I asked for a hand job...she reaches for the fucken condom again????

I said you serious??

Claims its got a cut finger from cooking...I ask what about the other hand?

Noooo...only do one hand!!

Fuck this I thought!

So I start doing myself....muttering to myself about paying to finish myself is a fucken joke!!

She hopes up on my face so as to help me?....I keep licking and wanking and she starts to piss in my mouth...twice...while faking cumming!!!!!

I spit it out all over the pillow...wipe my face on the other one....then she's starts saying we're over time....fuck this, I got up and showered and left...didn't even wait to say goodbye...just fucked off.

Its in Unit 141  33 Currong Ave Reid...seriously fucken avoid this one!!!

IF you like golden showers then knock yourself out!!!

She gets 2/10 from me!!

Cheers,

UN O


Floor: #2
Post Time: 29th December 2013, 12:29 PM
Poster ID: phenom
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks for the review..sounds like she should have paid you lol made her cum and she pissed in your mouth! Some pay extra for that, and would be in heaven! Although I reckon it's the bad ones that make the good ones that more enjoyable 
I read on a thread Argyle had been raided by immigration.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 29th December 2013, 04:41 PM
Poster ID: UN Official
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hey Phenom,

I know of at least 6 flats there working as brothels, they all have 2 girls in them, I'm amazed its gone on so long, its convenient so I'm not complaining!

I think you could play intercom lotto and find someone open for business pretty easy there!


Floor: #4
Post Time: 29th December 2013, 05:08 PM
Poster ID: phenom
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Lol yeah I've been to around the same amount of apartments there, 132 had more of a brothel feel though. A new girl every time I went..my last visit about a month and a half ago I didn't stay as the girl didn't tickle my fancy.. I remember once I had a nice time with one lady prob in her mid to late 30's and as I left out the back entrance two absolute hotties in their 20's came in the other door and went into the apartment..I was tempted to go back. But talked myself out of it. Sometimes the experienced ones are better though.


