Thread Title: Kinky Nora - Canberra - 0424 570 916
Floor: #1
Post Time: 22nd October 2016, 06:21 PM
Poster ID: oztone
Post Title: 
 Kinky Nora - Canberra - 0424 570 916
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Kinky Nora

Establishment : private, but uses rooms at Langtrees

Date of Visit : Sunday 11th September 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : I originally found her on canberra.backpage.com. However, I can't find her ad again. She advertises on several other sites such as: https://www.langtrees.com/agency-esc...kinkynora/331/

Hours of Business : varies

Rates : It's been a few weeks since the punt, so can't quite remember. It was no more than $250 for the hour

Age : 55

Size/shape : Tall, big boobs (E??), a bit of a belly

Nationality or Ethnicity : Eurasian

Services Provided : BBBJ, massage, prostate massage, spanish, anal sex, light whipping (on her)

Value for money/recommend? : yes, but I see her again.

My experience/comments : I was travelling back up to Sydney through Canberra and thought I'd see what might be available. I found a few possible options on backpage but was won by Naughty Nora's ad. Or, to be specific, the promise of anal sex. Fucking a mature woman in the ass has always been a fantasy of mine, so her ad swayed me to see her.

I texted a couple hours ahead and arranged to meet her at Langtrees. Langtrees apparently only opens in the evening so when I arrived at midday the place was essentially closed. The madam comes down to let me in and explains that Nora uses the rooms here when she needs to. The brothel itself is nice enough. The rooms are spotless with a great shower area inside the room.

In comes Nora and, as usual, looks a little older and heavier than her pics suggest. Never mind, I was after some mature action, so onward I go.

Now, to be perfectly honest, I was not particularly horny or in need of release. It's just that I had an opportunity for this punt and decided to seize on it. I used to take a third to half tablet of cialis, but hadn't done so for well over a year, mainly because I found that I didn't really need it. However, on this occasion, I think that it may have helped get me going. So was it me or was it her? Probably a bit of both. She was nice enough, and accommodating to all my requests. It's just that the chemistry wasn't quite right. 

In any case, I lie down on her instruction and she commences an OK back massage. Eventually, I turn over and she starts with some very deep DFK and commences a pretty good bbbj. A little chit chat....We talk about her love of anal (she adores it, she says) and I let her into a few kinky desires that I've harboured. The convo continues while she sticks a finger up my ass....which I like. Next thing I know she gets up, walks out and returns with a whip and hands it to me.

She lays on the bed, face down and instructs me to whip her. I'm a little taken back by the turn of events, but take it in my stride and start to lay down a few light strokes. She assures me she can take it harder, so I accommodate her. I'm really letting loose and the sound of the whip on her skin is pronounced. Her only instructions were not to whip her so hard that it leaves marks on her skin. I start to finger her pussy and ass. Sadly, it was just a little bit whiffy, which turned me off a bit. Anyways, she flips over and I continue, while she starts blowing me. I must say I'm overwhelmed by whats happening. It's the first time I've done anything like this and it's quite "different". 

Eventually, I get a little bored and am hard enough to fuck her ass. But not that hard and as soon as she doms me up a get just that little bit flaccid, to the point where it was a little difficult to penetrate her. I eventually got there and had the pleasure of her moans. She really does like ass play and I fucked hr as deep as my cock would go. A couple of times I use the whip and let her have a stroke or two. That was fun, especially her reaction.

Eventually, I ended up cumming all over her very ample tits. She, cleaned me up and had a few minutes of post-root chat. Mainly about her love of the whip. She tells me she has a friend (female, I assumed) that loves being whipped to the point on skin breaking.  Hmmm....I don't think I could bring myself to do that, but I was intrigues nevertheless.

So, I can tick that off my list. Would I do something like that again? For sure...but not with her. Like I said, she was nice enough, but didn't quite get me going.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 16th November 2016, 03:22 PM
Poster ID: Gavin
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Are her boobs real or fake?


Floor: #3
Post Time: 16th November 2016, 05:34 PM
Poster ID: oztone
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by Gavin


Are her boobs real or fake
"""



real, I seem to recall. At least they didn't feel like bolt ons


