Thread Title: Lara - Canberra - 0449 739 876
Floor: #1
Post Time: 22nd August 2017, 09:01 PM
Poster ID: Danielhm1
Post Title: 
 Lara - Canberra - 0449 739 876
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : 
Lara

Establishment : 
Private ACT

Date of Visit : 
August 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 
Scarlett blue 

Hours of Business : 
Evening

Rates : 
$500 + extras 

Age : 
Late 20's

Size/shape : 
Slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : 
Aussie / euro

Services Provided : 
Full Service

Value for money/recommend? : 
No

My experience/comments : 
My little mate became very unsettled, so I had to hurry online again to search for a lady to play. Touring Luscious Lara caught my eye. Although she did not show her face for privacy, her body looked great. She got a number of excellent reviews since April, so I decided to give her a go. Apparently my initial SMS inquiry was very impressive to her, as she told me. In fact, the flirty messages back and forth more sounds like between true courtship rather than a business transaction. I could sense an exciting session beacons to us. A date and time was made with minimal effort.

I was so happy when she appeared in the hallway with tall, slim figure and beautiful smiling face. Her figure hugging black dress highlighted her height and fair complexion. A short lift ride upstairs to her room. I left my envelope on the table and immediately hugged like old friends. The fun started then and there. DFK, fumbling, dirty talk and DATY the whole lot before I got a chance to have a quick shower. Lara was very responsive to my love advance. More DATY and G spot massage aroused Lara to cum hard. Wow she tasted nice! We naturally flew to BJ. I have to emphasize that Lara has the most beautiful juicy cherry I have ever seen. I served her really well. Lara was very vocal girl when she felt great. She commented on my superb techniques too.

The finale arrived with mish and doggi and the help of a man made white phallus. I cum hard roaring like a beast. The whole process was natural but erotic. We were so exhausted that only a post glorious chat was possible. Lara is intelligent and genuine. She loves her work. Her experience in this city was so impressive that she may organise more regular tours. Treat her well she will give you all. Lara did not have a clock, so I apologised for over stay when I discovered the time. A quick shower and I kissed her good bye on all her treasured assets: lips, nipples and of course, her juicy cherry.

Thanks Lara, I will see you again.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 23rd August 2017, 12:09 PM
Poster ID: bomberdoode
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Your review sounds like you had a great time but you said she wasn't "value for money". Is that correct ?


Floor: #3
Post Time: 24th August 2017, 09:02 PM
Poster ID: virgincock01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Also can't find Lara on the Scarlett website?


Floor: #4
Post Time: 24th August 2017, 09:35 PM
Poster ID: Snapper79
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I'd be :
1. Unhappy about the price, irrespective of the service;
2. Wondering how much the extras cost;
3. Not even contemplating the service because of cost;
4. Going to see a more reliable WL, like Jenny; and
5. Using the $400+ after seeing Jenny to buy a nice bottle of Scotch.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 27th August 2017, 10:54 PM
Poster ID: lofty14u
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Yep. She's out of my punting price range as well.


