Thread Title: Layla, Petite Nymphet - Canberra - 0411 613 253
Floor: #1
Post Time: 10th October 2016, 12:41 AM
Poster ID: Pete Lestat
Post Title: 
 Layla, Petite Nymphet - Canberra - 0411 613 253
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Layla, Petite Nymphet

Establishment : Private Incall

Date of Visit : Oct 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0411613253 Petite Nymphet - Home

Hours of Business : not sure

Rates : $600/h

Age : early 20's

Size/shape : tiny, size 4-6, small breats

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : CBJ, GFE, PSE, BDSM

Value for money/recommend? : hell yes

My experience/comments :
My first encounter with the lovely Layla.

She is considerably younger than me (in my 40's) and I was nervous that the age difference would be a hindrance to conversation and the physical aspects of the meeting.

Emails and text messages were exchanged in the couple of weeks preceding the meeting, all very polite and pleasant. On the day, Layla confirmed her address via text.

Entering her apartment, I was sorely tempted to upgrade the $150 intro 30 min CBJ session to a $600 GFE session. She is lovely, so tiny and very friendly.


After a quick intro chat and settling the finances, I had a shower. Coming out, Layla was wearing one of the outfits in her web site photos and it looks even better in the real. A bit of cuddling, kissing and getting to know each other on the bed, then little me was ready for attention.

No details here, but that was an amazing CBJ. I recall at some point Layla said that she had learned circular breathing 

After the finish, we cuddled, kissed and talked for a bit more. My worries about us not connecting were unfounded.

Not sure if I am game to try Layla's BDSM sessions, but am looking forward to a GFE session in the future.

Review also posted on another site.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 13th March 2019, 03:42 PM
Poster ID: sexuallyaroused
Post Title: 
 Layla (based in Canberra/tours regularly) - 0411613253
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Layla

Establishment : Private / Outcall

Date of Visit :  January 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : petitenymphet.com

Phone : 0411613253

Hours of Business : by appointment

Rates : $350+

Age : 25

Size/shape : Petite

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : full service (no anal)

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : 

Layla gave me one of the best sexual experiences I have ever had. I'm not usually one to lack sexual activity in my personal life, but before meeting up with Layla I was looking for something a bit more special, and she did not disappoint.

She was very friendly, and easy to arrange a time to meet. She is very petite and cute, as well as sexy. I spent an hour with her enjoying a GFE, which was as wild, if not wilder than anticipated. Being quite small and light, she was very easy to get creative with positions and loved being fucked and giving head, forcing herself on my cock, gagging and moaning, you could tell she was really enjoying the session and giving pleasure. Even towards the end of the session and between changing positions she had a great, cheeky sense of humour and you can tell she really gets off on having so much sex and puts everything into it. 

I would highly recommend following her online (check website above for details) and definitely book her for a session. You can also check her out in action on ManyVids and hopefully on more sites soon, as she told me she is hoping to get into porn internationally.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 2nd April 2020, 09:26 PM
Poster ID: pashon8
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Looks like she is going on tour at the end of April in Sydney.

https://www.escortsandbabes.com.au/P...etite-Nymphet/


Floor: #4
Post Time: 4th April 2020, 12:45 PM
Poster ID: The Steed
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I have subscribed to her onlyfans account for a month. She had a special for just $9...truly porn star and filthy..Loving the videos and photos she has posted. Yeah Boy..


