Thread Title: Lee - Queanbeyan - 0419 816 609
Floor: #1
Post Time: 16th November 2014, 02:38 PM
Poster ID: Lustvader
Post Title: 
 Lee - Queanbeyan - 0419 816 609
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lee

Establishment : private

Date of Visit : November 2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0419 816 609 | cracker & locanto ads (e.g. below)

Hours of Business : 4-10pm week nights, all day till 10pm weekends

Rates : $120/hr

Age : 50+

Size/shape : 14-16, C cup, large, 5'8"

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : RnT

Value for money/recommend? : Not for me

My experience/comments : I saw the cracker ad for a new local RnT provider and it drew me in like the call of the sirens.  For the same rate as Suzie in Macgregor, a ML of similar vintage was offering a nude massage, so naturally I had to check it out.  The ad asks you to text so I did and got a reply from Lee confirming my preferred time about an hour or so out.  

With the excitement that always comes when going to see a new lady, I set off for the eastern front, across the border and into Stalingrad (or Queanbeyan, as the locals call it to lull you into a false sense of security).  It was a shorter drive for me than to the badlands of Belconnen to see Suzie, so I was in front already by saving on petrol (ironically, since it didn't quite work out that way for the Wehrmacht).  Lee's house is easy to find and there is ample parking across the road.

I announced my arrival to Lee via SMS and she was waiting for me inside the gate.  Her ad described her as a 'Mature tall blonde BBW' and in my eyes that was accurate except for the second 'B': it would be a generous observer who would describe her as beautiful. Lee has a pleasant face framed by above shoulder length blonde hair and, as I soon discovered, a very friendly and amiable personality and that should suffice for most. She showed me into the cluttered garage which contained the massage table, Pilates equipment and other stuff that can clutter up the typical car-free garage.

Lee asked me to strip and get on the table.  She switched on some 70s muzak and removed her clothes and, well, to be honest, I wished she had kept them on.  Her overweight, saggy body just didn't appeal to me and I wasn't sure this was going to be a particularly erotic experience.  Once the massage (with baby oil) began, however, I just decided to enjoy it as a one-off and her massage was actually very good.  In some ways, it was better than Suzie's as Lee really put some effort into loosening up my legs and back (though to be fair, Suzie always does check with me if I want her to apply more pressure so I can't complain). Very unlike Suzie, Lee was silent during this first part of the massage.

After working for about 25-30 mins, Lee's hand explored between my buttocks, caressed my perineum and gently fondled my balls, gradually moving up my stiffening shaft as I lifted my bum to give her better access.  This felt awesome as it always does with an ML who knows how to really push a man's buttons.  Lee lingered on the tackle tickle -- which really was more than just a tease, more of a full-on manipulation of the entire genitals -- then she asked me to roll over.  We began chatting at this point and she was very open about her life and job (neither of which I'll disclose here).  Lee did say she loves to massage and this certainly shows.

She massaged the front of my legs, arms and abdomen for several minutes, during which time Little Richard had gone back to sleep, before coming back to my PEZ (principal erogenous zone).  Despite her best efforts, I found it hard to, um, get hard.  I watched and caressed her body, trying to find something visual or tactile to turn me on, but I just didn't find her that attractive and the manual stimulation as I lay on my back just wasn't working.  

Given I had achieved at least a partial erection earlier when she had done the reach-through, I decided to get on my hands and knees.  Lee resumed massaging my cock and balls, and I soon felt Little Richard becoming interested.  Her hands were simultaneously wanking my cock and working my balls and I began oscillating my hips slightly in a rhythmic motion, fucking her oiled up hand.  This felt more like it and the eventual orgasm was actually pretty fantastic as I ejaculated a respectable load onto the table cover.  Lee removed the semen-soaked cover (for washing presumably), we donned our clothes, I paid and left.

During my time with her, apart from the first part when she did my back, we had chatted freely and the atmosphere was relaxed and comfortable.  Lee is a very personable lady, her massage was excellent and I really want to say I'd return, but I'm not sure I will because physically she just didn't turn me on, despite the ultimately (very) happy ending.  I find Suzie much more attractive and sexy, notwithstanding she keeps her kit on (which is not an issue for me as a CFNM fetishist), and her chatter about her turbulent sex life can be quite a turn-on.  I prefer her HJ technique too, though Lee wasn't bad in this department.  Suzie's operation is also more professional as a bona fide massage therapist, with hot towels, etc., whereas Lee mentioned she should probably ask clients to bring their own if they want to wipe off the oil before putting on their clothes.

So given their rates are identical, I would see Suzie over Lee any day, but in the absence of an alternative, I would give Lee another shot.

Lee's cracker ad (she obviously offers more than RnT but I definitely couldn't go there, others might):





Incalls - Sexy Nude Massage by Mature Woman

Do you design hands all over your body, touching, playing with each other, and an explosive ending!? 

Mature tall blonde BBW is ready to touch you, and know you will get that overwhelming desire to explode. 

1 hour massage $120 
Desire more: $220 
BJ: $80 

Available: week nights 4 - 10pm 
Weekends: all day till 10pm 

Text me on the number below - if Im not available, I will reply via text.
			
		

PS: Lee is probably the same ML as http://auxxxreviews.com/forum/f121/l...2-429-a-16762/ -- one of Lee's Locanto ads (since expired/deleted) had the same mobile number as 'Lisa' used in QLD.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 5th December 2014, 04:34 AM
Poster ID: carpet_crawlie
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
If we're going to compare Lee and Suzie, then I would offer the following comments (bearing in mind that my experience with sexually-oriented massage isn't too extensive). 

Both women are slightly distinctive on the local Caucasian RnT scene in actually possessing therapeutic massage skills. This is handy if, for example, you want your back or whatever fixed (the usual reason that gets me along to a masseuse),  with the big finale kind of being icing on the cake from my perspective. In contrast, I get the vibe that the majority of "erotic" masseuses are self taught and are not really the best people to see for remediation. (In fact, you probably don't want some of these women getting enthusiastic about manipulating too much more than that soft tissue hanging between your legs - they could potentially do damage on tendons, muscles and bones elsewhere). I get the impression that a therapeutic masseuse can probably learn how to become more erotic, but I wouldn't hold my breath waiting for an exclusively erotic masseuse to become usefully therapeutic.

If they've got a proper massage table, then that gets them 90% of the way towards a professional operation in my view. Suzie's is in a granny flat whilst Lee's is in a more cluttered garage for the moment. Showering facilities would be the main thing that would float my boat, but neither supply these and these don't seem to be common even in the shops for some reason. Too much additional time and expense maybe?

Suzie shares with the customer some of that new-age, sexually charged world she inhabits, presumably as a turn-on technique. Or is she possibly trying to persuade reticent customers to spring for the happy ending that they were reluctant to book up-front? I must admit that I'm not sure whether the services and fees can be re-negotiated under what would clearly be stressful and financially disadvantageous conditions for the customer, LOL! 

Regardless, there seems to be some suggestion that a half-way aroused masseuse enhances the customer experience, despite the masseuse being largely off-limits for simultaneous happy endings, so to speak.  In Lee's case, the customer is able to reach over and fondle/suck/grope, firstly as a means of verifying that she is actually getting into it, but more erotically as a possible transference of energy between parties. I found this last aspect to be an effective means of reviving my flagging fortunes during the session, if you get my drift. It didn't occur to me to request a slide, but that would presumably have had an even greater effect if Lee was willing. In Suzie's case, the customer is reduced to going the grope through her clothing (assuming he/she has the nerve, LOL!), and any erotic arousal is thus clearly nowhere near as physically apparent. Her voice would thus seem to be the more significant channel for feedback,  and enquiring minds would like to know whether the character of the patter ever alters substantially throughout the session. For example, does she ever crank up the pace or the smut content if she starts becoming more engaged, or if she senses that the customer is flagging?

I think I have mainly demonstrated at this point that I don't receive a lot of sexual massage,  that I am probably over-analyzing it all, and that I would be better off sticking with having my strains and crook backs fixed!


Floor: #3
Post Time: 5th December 2014, 07:28 AM
Poster ID: Lustvader
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Agree with your comments, cc, especially the differences between primarily therapeutic vs erotic masseuses.  

If readers will forgive the cross-promotion, I think American Sarah is another good locally based provider -- as distinct from touring MLs like Chilli & Simone -- who effectively combines both.  She is a bit more expensive than Suzie & Lee at $150/hr, but then she is also more attractive (to me), offers a fully nude experience, including bodyslide, and a shower before and after, the latter together with her -- my only gripe being you have to make do with a still-damp, used towel (unless perhaps you're her first client of the day).  It would be even better if she allowed us to lick and suck her lovely tits, but that is off-limits ostensibly due to some tosser once biting her and drawing blood which made her apply a blanket rule against it.  Sarah is also nearly 30 years younger (if that matters to you).  She is good value but not as convenient in terms of availability (e.g. 10-5 most weekdays, rarely on Saturdays, never on a Sunday AFAIK).

I should also add that when I indicated therapeutic (and erotic) in Sarah's case, I was referring to a standard Swedish/relaxation, not a full-on remedial, massage.  She may well have those skills, I've just never needed to avail myself of that service from her.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 5th December 2014, 09:36 AM
Poster ID: carpet_crawlie
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
We're being a little uncharitable regarding age disparities between Lee and the others. Her Locanto ad states 49, not the 50+ of this review, and anyone who has chatted with her more than superficially should appreciate that her professional approach doesn't always look like everyone else's. A lot of this seems to be due to her part-timer's mentality which, for example, causes her to neglect to shave the standard 5 to 10 years off her age in her ads. A quick look at the review sites has punters estimating Suzie's age as slightly greater as of now, or 5 years younger at best. Most estimates of American Sarah have her pushing 30 in 2014, so she has an age advantage more like 20 years rather than the 30 years which has been suggested, for what that's worth. 

Not that this is such a big deal anyway when we are talking a sometimes clothed RnT session.  In Lee's favour, I would say she has a bit more than just a pleasant face when her blue-eyed gaze is considered, (and I can see the beginnings of a sexy librarian fantasy if she built that aspect up a bit more with her presentation,  LOL)! In Suzie's favour, I would say that she projects an inner sensuality which is as much personality as looks, although that aspect may not be immediately apparent to everyone. I haven't met Sarah, but she seems to tick more of the standard attractiveness boxes regarding figure, etc, as might be expected from her age - but this is offset by the deal being perve but don't touch (a bit like dangling a carrot in front of a rabbit)!

I can say for sure that Lee is mostly the antithesis of a physically detached and unresponsive masseuse, for those that are inclined to explore that avenue. (It might also be speculated that Lee could possibly be persuaded into offering oral happy-endings, given her recent, ehrmm, service versatility). I also strongly suspect that Suzie shares broadly similar erotic interests, at least in principle (on the right day and with the right customer, of course). The trouble is that the most practical way of establishing this is to meet her mid-conversation on her particular astral plane, and getting a word in edgewise can occasionally be difficult,  LOL! I get the vibe that she enjoys freaking her customers out a little with her sexual candidness, so for anyone who knows their way round the full-service scene, it wouldn't be too hard to go prepared with a couple of juicy anecdotes in order to see who blinks first! On the other hand, you probably ought to think twice about one-upping a masseuse whilst she is fondling the crown jewels... 

I'm still looking into this, but American Sarah may have occasionally been confounded with "sensual" Sarah from Melbourne, both of whom operate out of Turner apartments. There are suggestions that American Sarah has been Ambrosia Rose's doubles partner occasionally, but oddly enough whilst eschewing full-service. I have difficulty seeing how that might have worked in practice.  Secondly are the suggestions that she left Chrisindy's for GFE; once again with it being a little unclear whether she actually took up FS there and, if so, why she is now back doing nude RnT as a private. This working trajectory isn't totally out of the question, and I recognise that RnT can be relatively lucrative (if hard work), but the pieces to the puzzle don't exactly just drop together naturally and under their own steam.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 5th December 2014, 09:52 AM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by carpet_crawlie


 ... I can say for sure that Lee is mostly the antithesis of a physically detached and unresponsive masseuse, ...
"""



Thank you for your helpful remarks carpet_crawlie.

Is there any chance of your expanding on your comment about Lee's lack of detachment and starfish-ness ?

Although in the light of her current Locanto ad, http://queanbeyan.locanto.com.au/ID_...-my-Pussy.html





			
				Desire playing with my Pussy - 49
Incalls in Queanbeyan

Desire a mature woman's pussy; deliciously large, wet and very sexy!

Play, lick, suck all you want.... and I will play with your cock.

1 hour $120

Text me on 0419 816 609

Available 4 - 10pm week days
Weekends - any time
			
		

probably not necessary.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 5th December 2014, 05:20 PM
Poster ID: Ricky Bobby
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
American Sarah did indeed work at GFE for about 3 or 4 months but was definitely not doing full service there. Has been privateering out of the Turner location since leaving GFE. Was a big fan of hers at Chrisindys but have not seen her since she left.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 5th December 2014, 10:23 PM
Poster ID: Lustvader
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
@cc
Lee is a few years older than her advertised 49 (I won't specify exactly how I know this for privacy reasons but I do) though a little younger than Suzie who turned 54 this year (she told me some months ago and I have no reason to doubt her).  American Sarah I believe now is 26-27 (unsure where 'pushing 30' comes from though I concede it's always possible), hence my 'nearly 30 years younger' comment though I equally could have said 'over 25 years younger'.  But I agree age is not a big deal, especially with pure RnT (not to me but I know it is to many others, which is why I mentioned it).  

You can certainly touch Sarah, albeit only in a way acceptable to her (e.g. she prefers you firmly hold and squeeze her breasts rather than lightly caress them, and she doesn't like her nipples being toyed with) and pussy play is $50 extra just like at Chrisindy's (though I haven't tried it with her), which is fair enough but I suspect her finicky attitude might irk some others.  I too do recall seeing a comment on PP a while back referring to 'sensual Sarah' under an American Sarah review, but having seen both ladies, they are very different in service, looks and (yes) age, so unsure how that guy confused the two.  (There's also very well-endowed Amazing Sarah who drops by every couple of months or so, just to add to the local supply of Sarahs!  But you can't mistake her $400/hr rate, hence she remains unseen by me so far.)

Good luck trying to connect with Suzie on that astral plane.  You are a braver man than me.  I'd be happy enough if I got to play with her puppies sans top.


Floor: #8
Post Time: 26th April 2015, 09:33 AM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I've relocated this thread to PWL > ACT in view of Lee's recent Locanto ads, http://queanbeyan.locanto.com.au/ID_...ature-gal.html





FS Bend me Over - R U looking for a good time with mature gal - 49
Location: Queanbeyan NSW (15 mins from Canberra)

Visiting gents - happy to visit your Hotel

Do you desire the touch of a sexy mature woman; her hands caressing your entire body with an explosive ending.

Tall........blonde........mature (49 yrs).........sexy........curvy........woman - best kisser in town!!

1. Full service / natural oral / blow job / french kissing $220
(no anal sex)

2. Massage with handjob $120 or with blow job $170

3. Blowjob only $80 (must be hygienically clean) - no Outcalls for this service

4. Pussy play $150 (no sex)

5. Overnight stays can be arranged

Outcalls - $20 extra for travelling time

TEXT ME ONLY: 0419 816 609

(I cannot answer calls when Im busy, I will reply when Im available)

Please do NOT email me - I do not have time to reply


