Thread Title: Leyla Hudson - Canberra CBD - 0416 262 450
Floor: #1
Post Time: 19th December 2017, 09:51 PM
Poster ID: johnston
Post Title: 
 Leyla Hudson - Canberra CBD - 0416 262 450
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Leyla Hudson

Establishment : Private escort

Date of Visit : November 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : ??????LEYLA HUDSON?????? - Canberra escorts - backpage.com.au

Hours of Business : Late

Rates : $130/30 - $520/120

Age : 34

Size/shape : Slim size 8, small bust

Nationality or Ethnicity : European

Services Provided : GFE

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : Leyla advertises from time to time on cracker/backpage.  Seen her advert pop up and decided to get in touch.  Easy to deal with and had myself a booking after a few text messages.
Leyla was located in the city, easy parking and access to apartment.  It looked as though it was a bit of a fly in fly out type set up so she may have a different room or hotel each time.
Was greeted at the door by a slim and cute lady with a cheeky smile, the moment I stepped through the door I was swept up with passionate kissing which stopped only briefly long enough to exchange pleasantries and money.  From here I was shown to the shower, upon returning I found Leyla on the bed wearing nothing but her lingerie. 
More passionate kissing, plenty of touching, I really felt like this was a GFE or beyond, seemed to be a lot of passion and no letting up.  During the exchange she had my clothes removed which was quickly followed by a covered BJ.  Great technique and motion, could have easily finished here and been a satisfied man.

She did however stop briefly, plant a number of kisses on my before straddling me cowgirl.  I was already so close to the finish line that it didnt take long before the grand finale was taking place.
She seemed to enjoy every moment, not once did I feel like it was anything but true emotion which is rare.  After a clean up there was some nice conversation before I showered and left a happy and satisfied fella.

Would I return?  Absolutely, next time I will book for longer than 30 minutes, time flew but it was still worth every minute.


