Thread Title: Luna Lushmoon 'Hot Blonde Mermaid' - 0420588137
Floor: #1
Post Time: 11th March 2017, 01:04 PM
Poster ID: happyboxer
Post Title: 
 Luna Lushmoon 'Hot Blonde Mermaid' - 0420588137
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Luna

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : March 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : ???? ??? HOT BLONDE MERMAID???? ??? rocking Canberra 8th - 11th March - Canberra escorts - cracker.com.au / Luna Lushmoon (@lush_moon) | Instagram photos and videos

Hours of Business : not sure 

Rates : $280 / 45 mins

Age : Mid 20's

Size/shape : Perfect proportions / Curvy 

Nationality or Ethnicity : European (maybe Greek or Italian?) / Aussie

Services Provided : FS

Value for money/recommend? : Yes!

My experience/comments : 

First in a series of 3 reviews from Happy B punting adventures in Canberra. Saw Luna's ad on Skipthegames and Cracker/Backpage and I'm a sucker for beach blondes so took the plunge!

Luna is visiting from Melbourne so this review may be more applicable to Victoria punting brothers. Here is the review anyway... 

Booking was by text and simple..Met in an upmarket city hotel lobby..First impression that she was more of an 'indie/alternative' type chick with her face piercings and hairstyle.. rather than the impression I got that she was a Queensland surfer girl from her ads... Anyway, her attitude was upbeat and smiling. We both sensed excitement.. "What are you smiling about?" .. "Mmm well ...we are both about to get laaiiid" she cheekily replied back while going up in the lifts to her room..

Slow caresses and undressed her from her black and seductive lingerie, her body is milky and curvy. Got to the point where my erection was pretty full on..she's a good teaser and spat and lubricated my cock. Condom on for a top notch blow job. Bent over with her arse spread in the air was a sight to behold...her form was stunning. Pussy slightly hairy with chunky lips. Got to the point where I just had to fuck her then took her from behind for a deep hard doggy. Fuck her pussy felt amazing and she really got hot bothered and wanted it harder. Deep in her pussy reached fantastic feeling and angles. Change to side splayed froggy variations and fucked like crazy in various positions back and forth. Her reverse and cowgirl ride is hard bouncing and energetic. Her arse is something to be worshiped. Having a view of my cock sliding in and out of her pussy lips as she rode from behind as I spanked her was truly something I'll remember for ages. Really lost track of time, she's no clock watcher so we really fucked our brains out without concern during the course of 45 mins with rhythm changes from fast to slow. Finally ready to let go, I blew inside in missionary, totally spent. 

Overall I expected her to have somewhat of a different look but she was mind blowing nonetheless, we didn't really converse  but she is easy to get along with and l could tell she really loves having sex. She has a pictogram account as well with photos and seems like a pretty cool chick. 

Experience 8/10
Body 8/10 
Face 7/10 

Good times and a solid outing. 

HB


Floor: #2
Post Time: 11th March 2017, 04:11 PM
Poster ID: AnygivenSunday
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Nice review. Did she say when she's returning to Melbourne?

Sent from my Nexus 6P using Tapatalk


Floor: #3
Post Time: 11th March 2017, 04:36 PM
Poster ID: drifter2914
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
The advertisement says Canberra 8th - 11th March so, possibly today sometime.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 21st March 2017, 02:36 PM
Poster ID: WOTAN01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by drifter2914


The advertisement says Canberra 8th - 11th March so, possibly today sometime
"""



Current advert has updated to 23rd March.
If the photos are recent she appears to have a good body.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 24th June 2018, 08:55 PM
Poster ID: johni
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Luna is now working under the name Jessie Savage, instagram is the same account with a different name: the_real_jessie_savage, twitter @savagesensual, phone number the same


