Thread Title: Maria - Canberra - 0406 462 123
Floor: #1
Post Time: 7th August 2015, 09:01 PM
Poster ID: mstewart
Post Title: 
 Maria - Canberra - 0406 462 123
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Stunning Columbian (Maria)

Establishment : Private luxurious appt, 10 min walk from Canberra CBD

Date of Visit : 4 July 

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0406 462 123 (via ad on Backpage Canberra)

Hours of Business : not listed but it was a lunch time noon appt (she replied to a text at 10am)

Rates : 1/2hr $250, 3/4hr $350, 1hr $450

Age : 28

Size/shape : Small but curvy with big enhanced boobs

Nationality or Ethnicity : Columbian

Services Provided : She is full service but I asked for: shower for 2, erotic massage, body slide, mutual masturbation, happy ending

Value for money/recommend? : Good value for money - highly recommended, definitely didn't rush

My experience/comments : 

The appt block was close to town and very new and luxurious. She made me wait about 5 minutes out on the street via text 'Oh you are a little early'.

When I got buzzed in, and knocked on the door - I was greeted by a beautiful small but curvy Columbian - exactly as described and very close to the sexy pictures on Backpage.

Apartment was beautiful - I wish I lived there. She was very friendly and offered me a glass of wine which I accepted. She was already drinking a glass of wine.

Had a nice chat and then she asked if I wanted a shower. I had actually texted that asked for a 'Shower for two' so mentioned it, and she acted a bit upset, as she just had a shower and didn't want to wet her hair. I said it was okay, but she eventually grudgingly got in the shower. But was a good sport about it and the shower was very enjoyable.

Nice touching and washing and sudsing up in the shower, and we both paid special attention to each others midsection. Then we exited and towelled down and got on the bed.

She gave me a short oil massage, but nothing too special, apart from a nice body slide from her when I was face down. Here boobs are very big with a noticeable scar under them - but very nice none the less to feel them on me.

She then rolled me over and I asked if we could wank each other. Which we did and was very enjoyable. I had my fingers in her and she was making all the right noises.

I then asked her to touch herself which she did readily. I swung around on the bed to get a better look at her and knocked the red wine on to the white expensive looking sheets. She panicked a bit and mopped it up, but quickly got back to touching herself for me.

I then asked her to get on all fours so I could watch her wank from behind, my favourite view, and she was very obliging and it was bloody sexy to watch from close up behind her.

Time was getting on, so she got to work on the happy ending, with a nice expert touch. I pulled her in to cuddle up to me as I neared completion, and came in a big way on my belly and also her big boobs. A very enjoyable sight, and a very happy ending.

I would very much recommend her!


