Thread Title: Maryanne - Canberra- 0410 188 087
Floor: #1
Post Time: 5th July 2016, 08:39 AM
Poster ID: thewatcher
Post Title: 
 Maryanne - Canberra- 0410 188 087
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Maryanne

Establishment : Private- Tuggeranong ACT

Date of Visit : 28 Jun 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : www.maryanneescort.com

Hours of Business : Tuesday's only 9:00 am to 3:00 pm

Rates :  $150 for 30 mins, $250 for 60 mins

Age :  45

Size/shape :  Petite size 8

Nationality or Ethnicity :  Australian

Services Provided : Full service- no anal, no feet play

Value for money/recommend? : Wonderful

My experience

i have had the pleasure of Maryanne's company on quite a few occasions. Due to the secluded nature of her front door she met me naked, sending a flutter through me. 

The room is light and airy and a great place to exchange body heat which we did after my quick shower. 

Today she wanted to devour me. On with the condom and she did her best to swallow me.  I love the woman in top position and soon encouraged her to climb on board. With her suitably impaled we rocked our hips together whilst I played with her lovely breasts and responsive nipples. 

She is multi-orgasmic and I love the squeezing that goes with her eruptions. 

I hate the clock when it says that my time is up.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 31st May 2019, 02:55 PM
Poster ID: drifter2914
Post Title: 
 Maryanne - Canberra- 0410 188 087
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Maryanne

Establishment : Private- Tuggeranong ACT

Date of Visit : April 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Maryanne private escort Canberra

Hours of Business : Tuesday's only 9:00 am to 3:00 pm

Rates : $150 for 30 mins, $250 for 60 mins

Age : 48

Size/shape : Petite size 8

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : Full service GFE

Value for money/recommend? : Always a delight

My experience I have had the pleasure of Maryannes company several times; the last being in late April this year.

The Tuesday only availability does tend to make visiting difficult - she has a number of regulars so finding a time that suits can be hard.

Anyway, I was met at the door by a naked nymph on a warm, sunny day. A lovely hug and a quick chat, delivery of her favourite chocolates  and off into the room for the financials and a quick shower. The shower was made all the quicker by the antics of said nude nymph - her erotic posing was such a delight...

Onto the bed and time for hugs and cuddles, touching and kissing - including dfk.

Daty and 69 - during which time she performed her magic hands free condom application trick... A lot more touching and then cowgirl, doggie and finishing with mish... Maryanne is a very active participant and offers verbal encouragement along the journey.

A quick shower and off out of there... a lovely interlude in the day.

WIR? oh yes - as always, YMMV


Floor: #3
Post Time: 4th June 2019, 09:23 PM
Poster ID: ILovePros
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Maryanne

Establishment : Maryanne Private Escort

Date of Visit : 4 June 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.maryanneescort.com/home

Hours of Business : Business hours, Tuesday's only.

Rates : $150 for 30 mins, $250 for 1 hour

Age : 40's

Size/shape : Petite

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian (although I picked up a slight UK accent & she confirmed she was originally from the UK)

Services Provided : Full service GFE; Therapeutic Services; Educational Service

Value for money/recommend? : Absolutely, YES.

After coming across her website I have been wanting to visit Maryanne for around 18 months but as she only works once a week on Tuesdays this was proving very difficult.

The reason why I have been keen to visit her was that I was impressed with the content she had advertised on her website and the services she offered. She offers a Girl Friend Experience, Therapeutic Services and an educational service. 

As an older (51 y/o) regular punter, in between relationships, for me, visiting a working lady is not all about fucking. I like sex with foreplay, kissing, intimacy and feeling a connection. Unfortunately and no disrespect to the other working ladies out there as they perform an essential service but finding an affordable and regular GFE is very hard to find. With a rare day off from work and after reading the two positive reviews above I decided to try my luck and see if I could get a chance to get to see her. I called after lunch and noting that she is usually quite booked out with regulars I was surprised that she was able to fit me in for an hour appointment at 3:15pm.

So I head to her place and it is in a nice secluded and discreet battleaxe block off the street with space to park your car at her front door.

Maryanne answered the door half naked in lovely lingerie and gave me a warm greeting with beautiful smile and a nice kiss and warm hug.

I mentioned to her that the main reason I wanted to see her was to enjoy a GFE and that I was also a little bit worried that I might have some erectile dysfunction as the last 2 recent times I had been with someone I felt that I was not as hard or as excited as usual and I wanted to find out if the issue was psychological or physiological. 

We had a nice comfortable chat on her bed for about 10-15 mins and I felt really at ease. We sorted out the financials and I hopped in to her shower.

As soon as I finished my shower I laid down on the bed and Maryanne embraced me and we touched and stroked and kissed deeply for a little while. Well I had nothing to worry about as my cock was rock hard straight away. Maryanne noticing this asked if I would mind if she jumped on top of me and rubbed herself up and down on my cock for a bit. Of course I was happy to oblige! She said I had a nice penis and balls! She is quite light weight and she has nice soft skin and a really nice arse and breasts which I enjoyed playing with. I did mention earlier that I enjoyed performing oral sex & was keen to get some feedback on my oral skillset so sensing she was ready I laid her down on the bed and starting DATY. She mentioned earlier that she loves sex and she really enjoys her day with her clients and Tuesdays and she said she felt lucky that she could be horny all day. She was genuinely enjoying herself and she was multi-orgasmic. The funny quirk she had was that each time she had an orgasm she would finish off with like an embarrassed laugh. By the end of our session she would make that funny laugh at least 5 or 6 times!

So after several orgasms she said she would like to return the favour and motioned me to put my cock in her mouth while I was eating her. It was awesome and I didn't even notice that while sucking me she had managed to put a condom on me without me even noticing. I only noticed when she asked me to fuck her and it was on.... lol

So whilst on her back she grabs my cock and starts rubbing me against her pussy, which, is beautiful to look at btw, and then she inches me slowly inside her. I mention to her that I am a visual person and I love her body and cute face and she mentioned that she loves watching me watch how I'm watching my cock go in and out of her pussy. Her pussy felt so amazing, very snug and very wet and I could feel her orgasm as she pulled me hard and deep. After about 10 mins of this she asked me to fuck her doggy style and again the view was awesome and it felt amazing. In hindsight I had nothing to worry about in relation to my performance anxiety as she had my dick harder than chinese arithmetic! After another couple of orgasms she pulled away and turned around to face me and took the condom off my cock. She grabbed it and started giving me a beautiful handjob and said she wanted me to come all over her tits. I said I wasn't sure if I could shoot that far anymore so I pulled her in a little bit closer. Again, it was amazing. I'm glad I hadn't had a pull in over a week because I had a full load ready to go. When I came I spurted a huge load all over her tits and belly and I couldn't believe how far I shot my load. 

After I blew my load I still had about 15 mins left on the clock and unlike a lot of working ladies she asked if I wanted to cuddle for a bit or have a shower. I said I wouldn't mind a cuddle for a couple of minutes and then a shower. So we had a nice cuddle and chat for about 10 mins and noticing the time I kindly mentioned that her time is valuable and that I will just have a quick rinse in the shower and let her get on with the rest of the day.

So I had my shower, got dressed, she gave me a kiss and with a nice embrace I thanked her for a wonderful time and bid her adieu.... until next time... A lovely lady, kind, empathetic, understanding and extremely sexy with a great bedside manner.... highly recommended...


Floor: #4
Post Time: 8th June 2019, 12:53 PM
Poster ID: lofty14u
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
A great review........thanks ILP.


