Thread Title: Mary - Canberra - 0476 114 567
Floor: #1
Post Time: 23rd May 2020, 02:50 PM
Poster ID: Wongjohn89
Post Title: 
 Mary - Canberra - 0476 114 567
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Mary

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : March 2020

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.escortsandbabes.com.au/P...nt/MARY970101/

Phone : 0476 114 567

Hours of Business : Daytime

Rates : 250/hour

Age : mid 30s

Size/shape : Bit of a belly

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Full service

Value for money/recommend? : 

 I made a half hour booking (to test the waters and was looking to extend if it was good) which was fairly straight forward and she confirmed kissing. 

Opening the door was a fairly average looking asian woman in her mid-30s (not unattractive) that was quite a bit heavier set than her pictures alluded to. It was definitely her though as she had large breasts and the same underwear/bra. Some commenters thought she may have been Korean but she was 100% mainland Chinese. 

I didn't walk as I had already made the treck out there, paid for parking and figured her service would at least be decent. I had already showered so we went off to the room where we started off with some basic petting and holding which was promising. This turned to her gently guiding me to the bed where she asked if I wanted natural bj for an extra $50, which I politely declined. On with the dom with a decent cbj, where I could watch in the side mirror. Followed by my wandering hands, Mary mounted me in cowgirl which was quite enjoyable... 

For all of about 2 minutes and then she claimed she was tired. I was fine with that as suggested missionary with the opportunity to suck on her large, natural breasts and attempted to kiss her. Unfortunately she refused, despite previously agreeing - I get that there is a risk for coronavirus these days but unsure why she agreed in my initial booking enquiry. Reluctantly she agreed to a couple of light pecks whilst I pounded away in missionary. Before too long (and probably to stop the pecks), she suggested doggy and upon entering her, she reached for her phone and started texting. She continued for a few minutes where she asked me to quickly come. Realising this punt was fairly lacklustre, I agreed and pounded her from behind quickly to reach the mark. 

She then had the audacity to ask me to massage her as her shoulders were sore, which I suggested I take a quick shower. I looked at my watch and all of 15-20 minutes had elapsed. At the door, she told me she would definitely kiss the next time I saw her and as I reached back to my car, I had probably expended 30 minutes car to car. 

Overall, a very disappointing punt, poor service and shortchanged for time. I guess this is why it's called punting! Folks, save your money and visit one of the young lasses at Pretty Girls or Secret Garden instead. The mamasan there is pretty honest with her suggestions and I'll put up some fairly recent reviews soon. WIR? Heck no!


