Thread Title: May - Reid, canberra - 0431 336 197
Floor: #1
Post Time: 18th April 2016, 09:18 PM
Poster ID: virgincock01
Post Title: 
 May - Reid, canberra - 0431 336 197
				
Post Content: 
Private -

Person's Name : May

Establishment : Reid, Canberra

Date of Visit : 13/04/16

Contact:  0431 336 197 - add on cracker Asian May

Hours of Business : 9am till late

Rates : $120 an hour

Age : 30's

Size/shape : C cup, slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian 

Services Provided : FS

Value for money/recommend? : Yes, worthwhile

My experience/comments :

May sounds bubbly over the phone, booked for 30mins full service after work, lives in Reid apartments. Knock on the door, a petite okay looking Asian opens the door. Straight to the room, hand over cash and offers shower. Quick shower, can't waste anytime lol. In the room, not too much light, close the door and off goes the towel. 

As she was bit short for my height I bend and give her a good hug, take off her lingerie and slide my fingers over her black panty. She grabs my cock n starts to rock when I turn her around and remove her panty. May has tiny tits not too impressive but she was willing to suck my nipple...bit soft for my liking....I grab her head n ease her in to suck harder...in the time can't wait to spread her legs...ask her to lie on bed n she obliges, slide open her slim legs to get a view of trimmed pink pussy. She's not too moist at the moment  it couldn't wait to slide my finger in, she doesn't give any fake moans, time for two fingers and she seems to like it. My cock's hard at the same time, she asks if she can suck, condom on not the most sexiest when she just puts in on without the mouth effect. Am standing and she's sucking my cock soft gentle, I can't take my fingers away from her fussy not a bad sight. 

I try to feel her deep but she can't take it in fully...am hard enough for action so don't try it too hard. Ask her to get ready she takes the position in the centre of the bed, I slide her out with me standing on the edge. She grabs the lube rubs her clit and she's ready, I start to rub my cock on her clit, get some lube on it and as she sighs I slide my cock in...it's great and the motion starts pumping her Asian pussy, pinching her tits hoping she likes it. At the time am rock hard and to ensure I last the distance...I let the cock out and give it a shake, she asks you okay...I say am fine and rub my cock against her pussy and slide it in deep. This goes for next couple of mins...in out shake rub and fuck..am trying to control and it's bloody hard. 

Finally,  turn her around,  ask her to change the condom, using tissues we slide on a other one, she suck it a bit before its ready to go in again, doggy this time. Edge of the bed turn her around, she grabs my cock and guides it in,just think she doesn't like anal and wanna make sure it's in the right hole. May is fair in complexion, nice body but small for my likening. I try the same, fuck take it out shake and slide it in for a other couple of mins, we are sweaty in the enclosed door, my cock's deep in her pussy and instead pumping I try to penetrate deeper hoping it hits her spot and make her horny..I hear her moan, grab her shoulders and start to massage as I fuck her from the back..it's a great sight...horny sweaty n still fucking...eventually I thurst her pussy couple of times increasing the pace and blow my load with a lound moan...amazing feeling..I think she's impressed, we got 5 mins to spare,  condom's off am on the bed and she offers massage. Time for shower and a hug,she says she's a mix of thai and Chinese but bigger boobs would have been lovely but overall worth the money...thinking another punt soon.


