Thread Title: Megan - Woden - 0413 873 519
Floor: #1
Post Time: 23rd October 2017, 08:29 PM
Poster ID: rnt4067
Post Title: 
 Megan - Woden - 0413 873 519
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Megan

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 17 October 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : ???Got a very TIGHT PUSSY That'll make you cum quicker then you want??? - Canberra escorts - backpage.com.au

Hours of Business : unknown

Rates : 180 half hour

Age : 20's (advertises as 26 that's probably right)

Size/shape : very very skinny

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : FS

Value for money/recommend? : No

My experience/comments : Came across this ad on backpage and thought, why not as it was close by. Couldn't find a review so thought I would TOFTT. Sent a text and got a prompt response, to a private house in Woden. Given street name only and asked to text when I got there and I would get house number.

Drove out and sent the text and got an acknoweldgement and then....nothing. For about ten minutes. I was all set to write off my evening when I got the details of the house and decided, against my better instinct, to go in.

Megan opens the door. It's definitely the same girl from the pictures. Not much of an effort to dress up though. The house is pretty skanky as well (she later tells me it's her friends house, I wouldn't be thrilled if I had let her house sit). She strikes me as pretty nervous and her text messages had been a bit weird. She asks me to shower and I start to worry a bit, I'm thinking that maybe she has never done this before (Later she tells me she works regularly in Sydney and has loads of regular clients). Anyway I head to the room (with the door hanging off its hinges) and she's changed to lingerie. I hop on the bed and she smiles at me nervously and I ask her if she wants me to start? She says yes so I start to undress her. She is very, very skinny - her hip bones protude out like a starvation victim. Some people might like that but not for me. She lies there and I move to DATY but am put off by the awful smell. Just really awful, I can still smell it a week later. I stick with using fingers and she responds quite nicely, so I think I'll do this until she cums and that might loosen the mood.

20 odd minutes later I'm still going. She lies there the whole time, eyes shut apparently enjoying herself. I stop a couple of times to see if she has cum. She has not but she keeps telling me she is almost there. Maybe its my technique but normally I'm pretty good at this. Eventually bored and totally deflated I say maybe we should try sex. She says ok, places the dom on (I have to get myself going) and she jumps on top.

Again on top she keeps her eyes closed and grinds down a bit. Not much fun for me. I realise she is still trying to get herself off. Another five or so minutes of her using me as a human dildo and I ask her if we can switch positions (to something I might enjoy!) She says, no she's almost there. She finally cums and then says ok we can do doggie now.

Flip over and she sits there not moving an inch. I try for a few minutes but frankly I'm no longer in the mood (the smell doesn't help). Her timer on her phone has gone. There is no hip movement from her and almost no signs of life. I ask her to finish me off by hand. Again, that is pretty hopeless, about two minutes of half hearted tugging and by then I can see that it is all over down below and I say to her it's fine we can stop now. No pop for me.

We chat for a bit. She's quite nice, tells me a story about why she is in Canberra and a bit about what has happened to her. She's loosened up a lot by now. Clearly a professional WL despite my experience. Maybe if you see her a lot you have a good experience. I'll never know cos that was my first and last visit.

Pros: Aussie, thin (if you like that), tattoos (if you like that), presumably has regular clients
Negatives: smell, horrible sex, didn't actually pop

Admin she said she also works out of Sydney and her ad actually says she is in Baulkham Hills at the moment so maybe you could also post there? There may even be another thread on her but I couldn't find it.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 23rd October 2017, 10:19 PM
Poster ID: 2horny
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
cheers mate.


