Thread Title: Mia-Jayne - Canberra - 0451 045 373
Floor: #1
Post Time: 23rd September 2010, 05:06 PM
Poster ID: therapod
Post Title: 
 Mia-Jayne - Canberra - 0451 045 373
				
Post Content: 
Establishment and/or person's Name: Mia-Jayne

Contact Details/Address: 0451045373

Hours of Business: (if known or applicable) Morning till late

Prices: In Canberra, $350 / hour. I have seen her quote more

Age: Mid 20's

Size/shape: Tallis, quite slim. Good muscle tone

Nationality or Ethnicity: Caucasian

Services: Sex (of course), mutual oral, massage (not too bad either)

Value for money/recommend?: Hmmm. Not really

My experience/comments: Firstly, Mia Jayne is a touring escort, who I had been considering for some time. Since this time in Canberra I actually had finds, I took the plunge. I found her easy to talk to and make the booking. Her skin is not as perfect as her modelling photos would suggest, but nice enough. Mia Jayne does not really do GFE, certainly no kissing on the mouth.

I did find her very easy to talk to, she seems a reasonably intelligent person, and she was certainly willing to make an effort to please. Mia Jayne was also adept at getting me to relax and enjoy my time with her. I spent a quite pleasant 1 hour with her, with some time unwinding and relaxing, and some time indulging in the more carnal pleasures.

Nevertheless, even at the (apparently) discounted rate she was offering, I could not say this was value for money. There are other ladies in Canberra who will provide a similar service for less money (Meg), or a much better and involving service for similar money (Laura Daniels). 

A footnote - Laura's GFE was so involving it was scary.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 23rd September 2010, 06:01 PM
Poster ID: Chalk010
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by zarzoff


A footnote - Laura's GFE was so involving it was scary
"""



That sounds like a review needing to be written .


Floor: #3
Post Time: 24th September 2010, 08:51 AM
Poster ID: therapod
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Too long since my last visit (over a year now) - I was actually a little shaken, and have had other things on my plate since then. If/When I go back, I will post a review.


