Thread Title: Miyoko - Turner - 0433 106 668
Floor: #1
Post Time: 13th September 2015, 10:33 AM
Poster ID: johnston
Post Title: 
 Miyoko - Turner - 0433 106 668
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Miyoko

Establishment: private

Date of Visit: 5/9/2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: MIYOKO22 yo, Japanese, lingerie model, slim, sexy, busty, fantasy, pretty, in/out. Phone 0433 106 668 

Hours of Business: Unsure

Rates:30 minutes $140, 60 minutes $200 

Age: 25-30

Size/shape: Slim 6/8

Nationality or Ethnicity: Asian

Services Provided: Full Service

Value for money/recommend?: Money down the drain

My experience/comments:

After seeing Miyoko's advertisement pop up on Cracker and the Canberra Times it got the better of me.  I knew straight up that the photos on Cracker would not likely be accurate however thought it was still worth the punt.  Called Miyoko, organised a 30 minute full service, was told the service would be very passionate and sexy, kissing and all sorts of things included.  Off to Turner I went, now I must say finding a park anywhere near Miyoko's place is an absolute pain!  Street parks are all taken, I ended up parking about a 10 minute walk away but hey whats a 10 min walk when you are about to spend some nice time with a lovely lady!??
Apartment block is nice, knock on the door, door swings open and surprise surprise it certainly isnt the lady in the photo on Cracker however the lady who opened the door was very cute so I wasnt too worried.  Was taken to the room, not offered a shower, told to take my clothes off and she would return.  Already it felt like a bad punt.  Miyoko returned, told me to roll over, undressed herself and then put a towel over me.  She proceeded to give a very odd style massage, almost like she did not want to make skin contact.  That lasted a while and was one of the worst I have experienced.  Eventually she took the towel off and started to touch skin on skin, asking me to roll over she continues.  There was no use of oil at this stage, she performed what I assume was supposed to be a body slide for approximately 3 seconds then got the lube out and doused my downstairs region and proceeded to try get me over the line as soon as possible.  It was all over in no time and I was told to go have a shower.  
Confused I asked about the full service and was told i need to pay more.  Wasnt worth arguing, I showered and left.

In summary, pay for half hour full service $140, discuss this on the phone, get told that its a very sexy and sensual service, body slide, kissing, touching....what that actually meant was, I will give you a terrible massage, the quickest hand job you have ever experienced and then rush you out the door all within 10 minutes.

Would I return?  Absolutely not!  It took me longer to find a park than it did for my visit.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 13th September 2015, 12:35 PM
Poster ID: happyboxer
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I'd say 90% of Asian ads on Canberra Cracker are fakes, some are ridiculously blatant as well. I got baited and switched once by 'Miyuki' (who wasn't even Japanese). Well we live and learn..


Floor: #3
Post Time: 14th September 2015, 07:48 AM
Poster ID: Lustvader
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
You probably just misheard on the phone: it was actually 'fool service'.


