Thread Title: Miyuki - Canberra - 0406 007 750
Floor: #1
Post Time: 22nd June 2014, 01:07 PM
Poster ID: happyboxer
Post Title: 
 Miyuki - Canberra - 0406 007 750
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Miyuki

 Establishment: private

 Date of Visit: June 2014

 Contact Details/Address/Weblink: Japanese Heatwave - Pretty, Sexy and Hot - Canberra | Escort / adult | Erotic | Cracker

 Hours of Business: unknown

 Rates:$200 30 min (+$30 BBBJ, balls and arsehole licking)

 Age: Mature (40's?)

 Size/shape: Thin,tiny (no arse, no tits)

 Nationality or Ethnicity: Thai 

 Services Provided: FS, BBBJ

 Value for money/recommend?: No, felt ripped off

 My experience/comments:

Ok, I have to say its very rare for a HB 'shitty punt' but here is a review of a ripoff punt I've had in Canberra. 

Not the worst, and of course not the first. But was I thinking with the dick (Bad Mr Happy! Bad boy :P) and had some spare cash combined with a mixture of boredom and seeing an attractive Cracker ad. 

The only thing that was accurate about the ad (link above) was the price (ripoff) and that the female was asian. I was so looking forward to a young 'Japanese 22 year old model' punting adventure. What I got was an aging Thai Whore (sorry to say). 

When she opened the door I knew I had to use alot of my imagination to get hard. She offered a BBBJ for $50, and had $30 extra cash on me.. I said 'I'll think about it'. 

Commenced with a covered BJ which was quite skilled actually, got Mr Happy hard, got her on the bed. Pumped her for about a minute. 'Your cock too large' got her to turn around, wanted doggy but got flat on her stomach. She has a flat arse. Close my eyes to a better place. 

No heatwave, prettiness or sexyness at all. Pumped her a couple more times. (this was around the 5 -7 min mark). She said 'can you come?'. Obviously just wanted me out of there after getting the cash. Got her to suck Mr Happy bareback for an extra $30. 

As I mentioned, she's a good lil' cocksucker and ball/arse licker. Dang dudes... just trying to make the most out of the situation after the dissapointment of the fake advertising. She said 'just wank yourself' and said 'no cumming in mouth or face'. Fuck that. Put on another condom and turned her around and fucked her from behind again. 

Mind to another place. Enjoy the moment and the simple sensation of my cock sliding in and out of her flexing pussy (another positive). A flexing pussy. Pretty good. Came in the condom. 20 min mark. Felt alot better after cumming, but mental note: An experience best forgotten and just taken for what it was. 

Time for a drink of coke and whisky now I reckon. Dud punt. She seemed super busy. Saying that the service was rushed is an understatement. 

Again, very disappointed with the fake advertising. 

Face 0.5/10 (plain and old, crooked grey teeth)
Body 1/10 (no curves, one point for pussy)
Service 3/10 (good BJ and bonus for anal rimming.. she tried to stick a sharp long fingernail in my arse!. No thanks). 

Good luck with this one. 

HB


Floor: #2
Post Time: 23rd June 2014, 12:32 AM
Poster ID: cupcake123
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks for TOFTT happyboxer and sorry about the punt. False advertising is relatively common on Cracker judging by the photos advertised of WLs. If anything, you're better off sticking to a good thing/WL you've found and experienced earlier or recently unless you are looking for variety with a new WL or a particular new fetish/experience to tick off in which case it's well and truly a punt. For me, I'm happy to stick to the good thing.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 23rd June 2014, 07:14 AM
Poster ID: zigzag
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by cupcake123


Thanks for TOFTT happyboxer and sorry about the punt. False advertising is relatively common on Cracker judging by the photos advertised of WLs. If anything, you're better off sticking to a good thing/WL you've found and experienced earlier or recently unless you are looking for variety with a new WL or a particular new fetish/experience to tick off in which case it's well and truly a punt. For me, I'm happy to stick to the good thing
"""



We are all in the same boat cupcake, so can you share details of your 'good things '


Floor: #4
Post Time: 23rd June 2014, 11:19 AM
Poster ID: cupcake123
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Unfortunately it's just Lisa for me of which Snapper has reviewed recently. While she's good enough for me, she definitely won't suit those looking for a more GFE, hardcore experience. Still rolling the dice if I'm going to find someone else decent. Interesting enough I would have also said Mandy from "GFE experience" but not sure if she's there anymore.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 23rd June 2014, 03:47 PM
Poster ID: happyboxer
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Yea I should have just walked after noticing she wasn't the same as the ad!!

Will definitely switch on and do the walk out next time something like this happens again   Gonna stick with the proven regulars for now and brothels (less of a risk!)

On a better note.. Thanks for mentioning Mandy!. Wow. What a fantastic chick  

She may be at Tiffany's palace, I noticed a thin blonde 'Mandy' on their roster a couple weeks ago. 

Cheers, 
HB


Floor: #6
Post Time: 23rd June 2014, 09:42 PM
Poster ID: happyboxer
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
My Mandy review is here:

http://auxxxreviews.com/forum/f107/g...-4741-a-12370/

Would be interested to find out where she's working now actually!. A sure fire great punt that's for sure. I'll check out Tiffany's in the next few weeks  

There's also an amazing blonde Brazilian there 'Jessica'... super sexy and yummy. Tried her once and wouldn't mind fucking her bit more for a World Cup spirit 

HB


