Thread Title: Nadia!! Stunning girl available in town!! 0434357888 - 25
Floor: #1
Post Time: 11th June 2016, 05:37 PM
Poster ID: 2horny
Post Title: 
 Nadia!! Stunning girl available in town!! 0434357888 - 25
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Nadia

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 11 Jun 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0434357888

Hours of Business : 10 am to midnight!!!

Rates : 130$/30 mins

Age : 25

Size/shape : Slim (but not stick thin)

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : FS

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)
Firstly, I should say that the advert I answered is recycled for many different girls and the Nadia I saw was a girl of about 5 foot 3.  Brown, kinda bleached hair, implants, slim but with a little layer of fat to give some curves.  She has a pretty face, but with some blemishes and she smiles sweetly.

It's a backpage ad and it's based at the unofficial brothel complex in the middle of the city, so you can expect much.  booking was super easy, as a 40yr old woman who could speak english did the phone work.  When I got there, Nadia asked how long I wished to stay then collected the money.  Gave me a fresh towel and I showered in the barely adequate bathroom.  Door was not working properly.  floor towel was wet and it just looked kinda off.  But the bed room was tidy and the sheets seemed clean.

When I returned to spend time with Nadia, she was keen on me but wasn't too chatty.  She said she'd just woken up (I must have been first booking of the day) but I think she's not much of a talker at all.  Her English was very basic too.  But no matter, she's cute and her breasts looked very inviting.  She was laying on the bed in pink lingerie so I started at her thighs and kissed up her body to her cleavage and then her neck.   She got me to take her bra off and I sucked on her nipples for about 5 minutes while she laid back to enjoy it.  Then I laid back for a bj which didn't last long and then we got jiggy.  I don't know if her moaning was fake, and this made me last a little longer than usual - one thing that wasn't great was Nadia asking me to come.  Maybe it was starting to hurt because she got more lube.  I changed around to doggy and finished in that position.

She cleaned up and we chatted a bit and then time was up.  Overall, I think I'll see her again as she's really cute. At base market prices, I'll put up with the skanky bathroom too.  Link to ad below.


Nadia!! Stunning girl available in town!! 0434357888 - Canberra escorts - backpage.com


