Thread Title: Nana - Canberra - 0459 584 749
Floor: #1
Post Time: 8th December 2013, 05:51 PM
Poster ID: richierich
Post Title: 
 Nana - Canberra - 0459 584 749
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Nana

Establishment : Outcall  (does incalls not sure where though) 

Date of Visit : Friday 6 December

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :    Nana 

Hours of Business : ? said anytime when I booked

Rates : 220/hr

Age : says 24, probably close to 30 

Size/shape : Lean, med height, size 8, b cup

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : vanilla / anal / cbj / bj (extra $) / kissing / massage I guess

Value for money/recommend? : yes!  

My experience/comments : Reasonably new advertiser to an old site, has that lean Asian body I like so I called at about 6pm expecting to be put off, she arrived at my hotel about 2 hours later right on time. Big smile, pretty well dressed. Definitely not a "Nanna" but definitely not 24 either. She's cute and outgoing and comfortable to be in a hotel room. $$ straight up as usual but it was not awkward, had a glass of wine and a shower and she was happy to kiss for ages, has a great ass in your hands and seems to get off on the kissing and intimacy as her nipples were rock hard. Hands all over my cock, and happy to bj after checking me out pretty well and mentioning the extra $20. This girl gives amazing head and loves deep throat. I probably spent longer than I should at it but she looks so good looking up at you when you are nearly balls deep    Anyway out of the shower and onto the bed, looks great with her ass in the air, took doggy like a champ and pushed back a lot, didn't like me pulling on her hair though. I was getting close so I stopped and she climbed on top and rode me enthusiastically for a while till I slid over to missionary and finished off that way. All in all she was great and seemed to enjoy it which is the key for me ( I hate clock watchers and the ones who just sigh and wait for it to be over).  I'd recommend and will be seeing her again, she advertises that she will do anal so I am looking forward to that and will probably look for a longer session next time I am in town. 

Had some hit and miss experiences with Asian punting in Canberra but Nan was good fun, will post another review in the next few days to get my unrestricted membership so if anyone has some advice or suggestions pm me!


