Thread Title: Nancy - Canberra - 0470 405 175
Floor: #1
Post Time: 21st July 2015, 11:35 AM
Poster ID: luddite
Post Title: 
 Nancy - Canberra - 0470 405 175
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name:  Nancy

Establishment: Private

Date of Visit:  21 Jul 15

Contact Details: Phone 0470 405 175

Hours of Business: Ring Nancy

Rates:~$150

Age:  Claims to be 29, probably a little bit older

Size/shape:  Claims to be Size 10, probably 14

Nationality or Ethnicity: Thai

Services Provided: Full Service

Value for money/recommend?: Slightly surprisingly the answer is Yes

My experience/comments:

Nancy is not a petite Thai.   She has a full figure with large soft breasts each of which has a large vertical scar from poor implant surgery.   The surgery may also have contributed to her unresponsive nipples.   She does, however, have a smile that lights up her face and a genuine desire to please and satisfy her client.   She is based in Sydney but told me that she comes to Canberra regularly. 

I had booked a 45 minute massage and was quoted $100 which I paid on arrival.   Nancy welcomed me at the door with her great smile and there were a couple of other asian women in the lounge.   We went to a bedroom and I was offered a shower which I declined having had one 30 minutes earlier just before leaving home.

I was invited to undress and to lie face down on the bed for my massage.   Nancy stripped down to bra and panties and commenced the massage but removed her underwear after a few minutes.   The massage was good and Nancy was attentive to ensuring that I was comfortable with what she was doing and how much pressure she was applying.   She has fabulous skin and by periodically kneeling between my legs she was able to start the arousal process with increasing brushes of my scrotum with her knee and thigh or, when straddling my back massaging my shoulders, with her toes.   During this period I was also getting a body rub as she had oiled her breasts.

When I rolled over Nancy was willing to kiss nicely (both soft and hard) and focussed on my nipples.   She seemed happy being touched and whilst making encouraging noises they were not the phoney mechanical groans and cliched phrases that one sometimes encounters.   She moved her attention onto by cock and balls and again the experience was arousing and exciting.

At this point I should mention that I am a prostate cancer surgery survivor and I rarely get an erection and cumming is almost unheard of.   That doesn't mean that I don't enjoy trying and Nancy gave me a better erection than I have had in a very long time.   I am confident that in earlier times she would have also given me an amazing happy ending as the arousal process had been drawn out.

Nancy offered me the opportunity to upgrade to full service and it seemed a shame to waste the opportunity and again the outcome was very enjoyable with caring, cuddles and kisses.   I had asked how much extra this would cost and she had replied that it was up to me (I would have preferred a firm price) and I ended up giving her a tip of $50 which she seemed to think was too much, and offered me change, but I was happy with the outcome.

The bottom line is that Nancy is not a petite, taught young woman.   She is, however, a woman who wants to maximise your pleasure and who is very good at doing so.   I am not someone who would normally see a larger woman but will be back to see Nancy again.

Luddite


