Thread Title: Naughty Carol - Griffith, ACT - 0452 119 873
Floor: #1
Post Time: 30th June 2016, 11:18 PM
Poster ID: 2horny
Post Title: 
 Naughty Carol - Griffith, ACT - 0452 119 873
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Carol/Queenie

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : June 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : BBBJ/ CIM^ Naughty Carol ready for U honey xx - Canberra escorts - backpage.com (0452 119 873)

Hours of Business : 10 am to late

Rates : $150/30 min.

Age : probably 40+

Size/shape : Thin, about 5 foot 5

Nationality or Ethnicity : HK

Services Provided : FS and extras

Value for money/recommend? : ok

My experience/comments : I have seen the cracker cracker ad for Carol for a long time but never called because of other options.  With a bit of time on my hands, I thought I'd call Carol (or Queenie - as in the body text of the ad, not that it matters anyway).  The ad is here:
BBBJ/ CIM^ Naughty Carol ready for U honey xx - Canberra escorts - backpage.com
It's the whole receptionist/WL thing with CIM advertised and the WL not realising it until the punter asks for it.  Also, I called 0452 119 873 but got messages back on 0449165332.  Queenie is in the Griffith apartment complex and I didn't have high hopes, but when she opened the door, I saw a thin lady with long black hair, so I went in.  Her skin looked smooth and although her face belied her age, overall, she seemed a good sort.  No bum, skinny legs, a tattoo and a happy demeanor.  She asked how long (30 min.) I asked about CIM.  We agreed on the commercials and I had a quick shower.  When I came out she was naked and smiling.

We laid down and made some small talk while she caressed my balls, then she got some tissues and confronted my manhood.  She noted it was her first time.  I guess first time for CIM.  I was thinking those tissues looked a little redundant.  Her BJ wasn't the best.  maybe because it was natural, but it was good in a teasing kinda way.  After a short while, I asked to fuck and she put the condom on and got on top.  I think she had a really good time, but given I pinned her age at 40, I wouldn't be surprised if she was a great actress.  We tried several positions and she made all the right noises and faces.  we went slow, fast, slow until we were in caterpillar and I was loving it.  I could've come then, but I wanted cim so we changed positions again.  Her BJ was light and her hand movements weren't doing the trick, so I got her to caress my balls again and encouraged her to go deeper.  In the end I got there and there must've been quite a lot of jizz, because she got a big gob on the bed cover.

Her english is poor so when I was trying to converse at the end, to find out if she had an orgasm, it went nowhere.

Would I return.  no, not because she was bad, but at her end of the market, there are plenty of choices and I will try something new.
Photos, close but obviously fake.  Queenie wasn't as curvy as the girl in the photos.


