Thread Title: Nina - Manuka - 0420 825 228
Floor: #1
Post Time: 31st January 2018, 11:57 PM
Poster ID: Lustvader
Post Title: 
 Nina - Manuka - 0420 825 228
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Nina

Establishment : private

Date of Visit : November 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0420 825 228 | Aussie ???Busty Natural E Cup. Beautiful Aussie Mature - Canberra body rubs - backpage.com.au

Hours of Business : variable

Rates : $180/hr

Age : '39' (mid/late 40s)

Size/shape : size 14, E cup, 5'8"

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : RnT (FS also available)

Value for money/recommend? : Not for me

My experience/comments : I made a booking with Nina over the phone easily and she sounded friendly and down-to-earth. She was touring with someone else but I didn't see her, just picked it up when Nina had to ask her for the address. It was a serviced apartment in one of those older complexes which must have been designed by a maze architect -- at least I found it tricky to locate the flat.

Nina welcomed me warmly and showed me into a bedroom where a narrow massage table was set up, then I was ushered into the shower after stripping. She looked several years older than the advertised 39 and 'womanly curves' was probably a flattering description for her somewhat sagging and flabby figure. Nina also has prominent tattoos.

The massage was unremarkable but certainly passable, and she made all the right noises to check pressure and everything was OK. Unfortunately there was little teasing or tackle tickle and the second part was uninspiring for me. I just wasn't that attracted to her and Nina didn't inject too much variety into the HJ, with no eye contact or sensuality, so it took a while for me to finish. A shower to finish and I was off. Nice enough lady but no chemistry for me, rather like Paris/Amy who was more attractive but more expensive.

I later noticed Nina also advertises FS at the same rates as RnT, so I guess that's an option for those looking for something more. She also visits Wollongong as reviewed here.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 3rd February 2018, 01:59 PM
Poster ID: Stevegem
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Nina

Establishment : private

Date of Visit : Mid December 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0420 825 228 | Aussie ???Busty Natural E Cup. Beautiful Aussie Mature - Canberra body rubs - backpage.com.au

Hours of Business : variable

Rates : $100/30

Age : Looks early 40s

Size/shape : Looks a spongey sz 14-16, pale skin, tallish, brunette hair past shoulders

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian/ Eastern Europe heritage

Services Provided : FS, BBBJ

Value for money/recommend? : Not bad 


Apologies for the late review. Thought Id had got around to this one but hadn't.

Was my last week in Canberra for the year in Mid Dec, and was toey, and was in the vicinity where Nina was working
$100 FS for an aussie/European gal is rare these day so took the plunge. Rang up and agreed to a time about an hour away just after lunch time.

She told me she is of Eastern European heritage and looks it. Though her facial features (I thought) are quite plain but not unattractive. He body is a bit large but not over the top, Very spongey and soft all over, fairly big bouncy tits, d-e cup thereabouts

At this time she was at the Manuka apartments on the top floor (3 flights). Headed up and straight into the lovemaking room. Had just showered so all good with Nina. The room had a massage table and bed. I Lay on the bed and she comes over and strips and lays on top of me for a bit of kissing and booby massage, which was nice and got me rock hard to attention. She headed down to lil SG and gulfed him up and gave me a fairly nice cock suck without being brilliant or really good. I commented something like "yes !!! no condom for sucking" and Nina said something along the lines "well honey you look clean, smell nice, I just go for it when cocks are like this". There you go gents, looks after yourself down below and there will be WLs that will notice and give you some unexpected attention (something similar happened to me with a young thing at La Petite Aroma as well without asking for it). Bit of ball sucking by Nina was very nice as well.

Time to fuck , on with the dom and cowgirl it was. Mauling her jugs this way was nice as I was ramping my ass skywards as lil SG was pumping her horny hole. Turned her over for doggy where I really slammed away and eventually blew. She seemed to enjoy herself and thought she was genuinely horny

Lay back on the bed again Nina cleaned me up and we had time for some chit chat. I think when I had seen her she had only been to Canberra a couple of times and loves the place as said the gents down there keep their bookings and are actually gents. She was comparing it to Sydney where many appointments don't turn up and how lots of rude tossers turn up and treat her bad/rough. So she said she was concentrating on alternating between Wollongong and Canberra.

She does share with an older Blonde lady as well.

Had a decent punt with Nina. Her looks im sure would appeal to many, but overall didn't really do it for me other than her breasts, but cant fault her service or attitude. Worth a try and I would repeat down the track if she is still around


