Thread Title: PeeMai - Belconnen - 0428 994 897
Floor: #1
Post Time: 12th July 2019, 09:49 AM
Poster ID: lofty14u
Post Title: 
 PeeMai - Belconnen - 0428 994 897
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : PeeMai

Establishment : Private address in Belconnen

Date of Visit : This week

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Locanto Canberra

Phone :0428994897

Hours of Business : Unknown

Rates : SMS her and she sends the rates straight back

Age : I'd say mid 40's

Size/shape : Short, chubby with a belly roll and Big breasts

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Everything from smart arse comments to massage to FS

Value for money/recommend? : No! Stay clear.

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

I'm a stickler in that once i find a decent provider, i'm usually a loyal regular customer. I should have listened to myself. Anyway, I've been missing some local Thai action for a while as most of the ones I see are now Chinese. Saw this lass advertise some time ago and I've tried to catch her a few times, but she was out of town each time. Finally caught up this week.
She offers a quick 20min FS at $80. Thats all I was after, didn't want the full hour, just needed to lighten the load. 
SMS'd and appointment made very easily. Address easy to find and parking ok in a quite cul de sac in Belconnen. Into the apartment and greeted by PeeMai at the door, dressed strangely in a corset type of thing......huge tits for a Thai girl......and no pants........strange. She is quite short and dumpy, with large titts. Not what I'd call attractive nor typical slim, Thai girl. TBH, I nearly did a u turn at the door, but I needed an empty, so in I went. 
Upstairs into the room, money changes hands and straight away, she's into me for tip!! FFS, I'm just into the bedroom and she's whingeing about.......NO TIP?? 
I undress and she starts by cupping my balls as she sits on the bed.........she's sort of criticising that I have such big balls.........actually starts laughing........"why so big", like there's something wrong. I'm a little pissed off with her at this stage as she cups my "big balls" and lightly kisses them. I ask her to start BJ and she grabs a dom and I ask.....no dom please? Darling, that is another $50! Yeah, nah. So she starts kissing my balls. I ask her to suck them........no Darling $50 to suck balls. 
About this stage Im thinking I should have stuck to a regular punt. So I dom up and decide to start with doggie. She's on all fours on the bed, head down, arse up and I part her fat ass cheeks in readiness. She has the biggest cnut. It's gaping away and we haven't even started. "Don't touch darling, no fingers OK!" So, I get closer to inspect and maybe do some DATY? "No tongue darling"........that's when I see the enormity of this thing! Has anyone been to Jenolan Caves? So, only one thing left to do........start fucking..... doggie. It's not enjoyable, those fat arse cheeks are blubbering away with each thrust, saggy fat tits are dangling down onto the bed. I think of better things in a far off land and eventually feel the rush coming. Dom off, she turns around and I release the doves  onto the floor, her leg and the remainder onto her fat titts. 
Clean up (again with the big ball thing, what is it with this woman!) and dress and I can't wait to get out of there. I should have started commenting on her cavernous vag, but I'm too polite I suppose.
I'm in there 15mins tops (the apartment, not the cavernous vag).
Would I return? Not in a million years. 
YMMV, but my advice is to steer clear.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 12th July 2019, 05:49 PM
Poster ID: drifter2914
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Holy Dooley - I had been considering this one - thanks for the intel - and TOFTT.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 12th July 2019, 06:12 PM
Poster ID: exmelpunter
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Ah, pussy like a wizards sleeve. Not a pretty site. Im surprised it didnt say “Gryffindor” as you pulled out


