Thread Title: Rachel - Eaglehawk - No Contact Number
Floor: #1
Post Time: 16th January 2013, 07:28 PM
Poster ID: IronManii
Post Title: 
 Rachel - Eaglehawk - No Contact Number
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Rachel

Establishment : Private serviced apartment

Date of Visit : Nov 2012

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Ad was on Cracker.com.au 

Hours of Business : I saw her in the afternoon around 2pm

Rates : $150 per hour

Age : about 19

Size/shape : small sexy body

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : Full service and BJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes definitely, great service, friendly and easy to talk to 

My experience/comments : I have seen Rachel at Eaglehawk ACT just off the freeway to Sydney by the Rydges Hotel, it was in Nov 2012. I found her to be  young and attractive with a little hot body and natural boobs. She does  have several tattoos which did not bother me. When I called she said it was 7 minutes away but it took a little longer to get there.

When I arrived a large ugly women was standing outside an apartment near car park and I nearly freaked out and left but luckily when I got closer she was the next door neighbor . I rang and when she opened the door I was presently surprised. The rooms are close and visible from the parking area. I did the usual and chatted and soon got the the action, we tried several positions and she was willing and great to be with, I  found the sex to be great and I would def see her again when she is back in town. She  charged $150 for half and I felt it was worth the money. We chatted for a  while after sex and she did not rush me at all or watch the time which made the whole  experience a little more realistic I suppose


Floor: #2
Post Time: 16th January 2013, 07:41 PM
Poster ID: BadAussieBoy
Post Title: 
 Rachel in ACT
				
Post Content: 
Hi IronManii,

Do you have a contact number for this lady?

Thanks,

BAB


Floor: #3
Post Time: 16th January 2013, 08:13 PM
Poster ID: Stevegem
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
For Sydney siders interested, Rachael also works at 8 Railway Pde Burwood couple of days per week, under the same name


Floor: #4
Post Time: 16th January 2013, 08:19 PM
Poster ID: IronManii
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Apologies I no longer have it but can update when she is next in town and puts up an ad.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 16th January 2013, 11:39 PM
Poster ID: unkit
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I have been to see this lady.  She is definately very good.  I don't know if I would say she is worth the money though.  She is very attractive, but does not necessarily seem to be as interested as some of the others.


