Floor: #1
Post Time: 21st December 2013, 05:28 PM
Poster ID: UN Official
Post Title: 
 Rena / Rina - Reid - 0401 871 921
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Rena

Establishment : Private working Lady, Massage Lady - Argyle Apartments - (PUSSY PALACE!!!)

Date of Visit : 21/12/2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Apartment in Reid,

Hours of Business : 9am til late

Rates : $180 / hour  FS, CBJ, RNT 

Age : Seriously looks under 25 but she's 37!!!! A real Thai Goddess 

Size/shape : Quite tall 5 ft 10", the most amazing hourglass figure, she would own the beach in a bikini! Has the most incredible boobs, D Cups but there is no sag in them at all!!

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thailand

Services Provided : Massage, and Full Service.

Value for money/recommend? : Yes. 

My experience/comments :

To be honest this was my 3rd visit to see Rena, 1st time I saw her flat mate Sophie who could only spare 30mins as 'she was tired' so that miserable 30mins led to another hour with her new flatmate Rena, WOW, she is just stunning!!

As we chatted I heard her flat mate great her 1 hour appointment...I thought fuck you and your 'im tired bullshit' she's on the shit list now!

Anyways back to this amazing Thai Rose...I was pretty smitten with how softly spoken and sweet she is, I started with a nice sensual massage and she turned me over and started with a CBJ, not my favorite thing in the world, so I put up with the raincoat.

Waited a while, laid her down, had to push her to let me go down on her, soon she was enjoying it, made her cum twice and then started to slowly pump her, she has the most amazing body to look down on while your pounding her, just the best titts and her honey brown skin is flawless!

She came more and more, sometimes in under a minute from one to the next...I felt like a fucken porn king!!

I laid down for a rest and she gently removed the dom, then started a nice slow rnt and using her other hand to stimulate...soon I was spurting with joy and she cleaned me up.

She lay with me, no kissing either as she has a BF in Sydney, lucky old bugger in his late 60's, why she's doing this is beyond me but I'm glad he lets her earn extra money.

As I said I have been back 3 times, she isnt a mad root, awesome at BJs or into dirty stuff but she does give an amazing GFE time and at $180 p/h I usually go for 2 hrs she is awesome fun.

Now the sad part, 

Today is her last day and then she is back to Sydney for a day then back to Thailand and wont be back in the ACT till March :'-( !!!!


I did walk down the hall and bump into her new flatmate Lilly who was in a black bra and panties and also looked really gorgeous!!!!

Will have to pop back next week and say hi to Lilly and report on that treat!

Cheers,

UN O


Floor: #2
Post Time: 27th December 2013, 10:47 AM
Poster ID: Rex
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hmm. A 5'10 Thai girl....


Floor: #3
Post Time: 1st January 2014, 03:36 AM
Poster ID: lofty14u
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by Rex


Hmm. A 5'10 Thai girl...
"""



What was his name again? Lol


