Thread Title: Samantha - Canberra - 0458 865 845
Floor: #1
Post Time: 1st September 2015, 09:04 AM
Poster ID: thepenguin
Post Title: 
 Samantha - Canberra - 0458 865 845
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Samantha 

Establishment : private girl 

Date of Visit : 31 august 2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0458 865 845 

Hours of Business : 8am to late

Rates : 300

Age : about 45

Size/shape: Size 10 big fake boobs

Nationality or Ethnicity : blond hair blue eyes 

Services Provided : GFE

Value for money/recommend? : You betcha 

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

This was my first time with Samantha. I had seen her ads on cracker a few times and was curious but never got around to seeing her. I am glad I did. Her face is not on her ads but I certainly wasn't disappointed. She has a blonde Jackie onassis thing going on. And the pics on cracker didn't do her justice in my view.

I found her very friendly despite me being slightly late.

Her apartment was very clean and tidy. She took me into the bedroom and asked me to nude up while she laid back on the bed and made (intelligent) smalltalk.

After l got on the bed we continued to chat until she segued into the kissing. Great GFE.  She seemed to like having her huge knockers played with and I was happy to oblige!  

After this it was on with the franger for some excellent head. I had a bit of a play with her twat at this stage and she was juicing up nicely. So she got on top and rode me like a champ. I wanted to switch position but at the same time I was more than happy to just lie back and watch those huge tits bounce around. She held on to the bedhead while I pounded away like there was no tomorrow. After about ten minutes of this I was at defcon one and I just kept going till it was over.

Next time I will be more adventurous but I was still very satisfied. 

Polite chat afterwards and I was on my way. Can't wait to see her again.


