Thread Title: Sandy - Reid, Canberra - 0421 885 756
Floor: #1
Post Time: 20th January 2016, 01:05 PM
Poster ID: DanLi
Post Title: 
 Sandy - Reid, Canberra - 0421 885 756
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name:Sandy

Establishment: Private apartment Reid

Date of Visit: December 2015

Contact Details: 0421 885 756 Hot Chinese student avail now, very precious - Canberra escorts - backpage.com

Rates:$200 p/h

Age: mid/late 30's

Size/shape:160cm,  small/medium breasts, body on the chubby side  Photo's: 100% fake

Nationality or Ethnicity: Chinese

Services Provided: FS, CBJ

Value for money/recommend?: Terrible would not come back

My experience/comments:

I was visiting Canberra for the week (I'm from Sydney) and was feeling in need of a punt. Checked backpage for what's available and Sandy caught me eye. Advertised as 25 yrs and pictures looked good. Got a quick response back via text.  After typing in the address into GPS drove out to a private apartment complex in Reid.  Open the door and girl greeting me looks absolutely nothing like the ads on backpage, at least +10 yrs, and body on the slightly chubby side. Should have walked, though the other brain was thinking maybe she'll be good in bed . Paid $200 for 1 hour for full service.
After handing over the money, she leads me into the bedroom of the apartment. Quick shower and service begins with cat bath, not much enthusiasm at all.  Seems like she does not like to be touched and makes a sour face whenever my hands wander.
She proceeds to CBJ for a few minutes, and while she is doing it she periodically spits into a waste basket beside the bed (which is really offputting). I ask her if this is her first time giving BJ as she has little idea what she's doing, and this really surprises me given her age.
I honestly am regretting the session at this point and ask her to just give me a massage. Massage goes for about 30 mins and is fine but mostly forgettable.  I then ask her to just finish me off with a HJ, again having to give her directions . I shower and then get out of there feeling a bit foolish having wasted my time and money.
One to avoid for you punting bro's.


