Thread Title: Sarah - Canberra (tour) - 0458 163 105
Floor: #1
Post Time: 29th November 2014, 10:16 PM
Poster ID: Lustvader
Post Title: 
 Sarah - Canberra (tour) - 0458 163 105
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sarah

Establishment : private

Date of Visit : November 2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0458 163 105 | backpage, cracker & CT ads

Hours of Business : unknown

Rates : $250/hr

Age : 50-ish

Size/shape : 10, C cup, 5'5"

Nationality or Ethnicity : NZ-born Australian

Services Provided : FS

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : I'd been meaning to try Sensual Sarah for several months but our availability didn't quite align until this month.  I am glad I did though because she is one of those mature ladies who provide genuinely good value for money in this overpriced market.  Sarah is based in Melbourne but there is a brief review of her in the VIC PWL forum: http://auxxxreviews.com/forum/f67/se...43/#post144832. There is also a four-year-old 'review' of a Christie with the same mobile number who toured Canberra here: http://auxxxreviews.com/forum/f30/ch...176/#post12102. While both of these earlier reviews are scant on detail, I can echo their positive sentiments.

Sarah was staying in the same apartment building favoured by superstar ML Chilli in inner north Canberra, so that was a propitious start.  She greeted me at the door wearing black lingerie and stockings, and I instantly took a liking to her.  Sarah has silky shoulder-length blonde hair and a very well-maintained figure.  While her kind and gentle face betrays her age as being some years more than the advertised 45, everything else in her ads appeared accurate to me.  After a little small talk in the hallway, she led me by the hand to her boudoir (she had that air about her, unpretentious but sophisticated).

Sarah is true to her descriptor: she is a very sensual lady and appreciates a lover who is likewise, though is not too keen on kissing.  Paradoxically, Sarah also advertises a domination service and I noticed some paraphernalia against the wall: riding crop, ties, etc.  Sensual and kinky, just my type.  We began slowly with lots of mutual touching, caressing and -- on my part -- kissing of her face, neck and body.  I did kiss her lips every now and then and she didn't push me away, but after I discovered her preference not to, I toned it down.  Certainly, I didn't attempt any DFK.  Her breasts are a perfect handful, natural and surprisingly firm for a woman of her age.  Her skin is very smooth and a dream to caress.

On the bed, I learned she doesn't mind being spanked so we both had some fun with that, before she showed me her forte.  Blowjobs.  She is fantastic, right up there with some other great matures I'd seen this year, so I let her continue for several minutes.  When the build-up of pressure seemed like the valve was going to require a release, she eased off until it subsided, then resumed her craft.  Eventually, after a bit more foreplay including teasing her pink labia, I told her I wanted to fuck her now and she happily obliged.

Again, to my pleasant surprise, her pussy felt quite tight as I entered her in missionary and escalated my rhythm over several minutes until I blew.  I didn't see any point in changing positions since I was enjoying this one too much.  Watching her and hearing her talk dirty while I fucked her was a huge turn-on: I always find it more erotic when a woman who could be your aunty, teacher or boss urges you to fuck her harder, than if a young 20-something does the same, probably because it seems so unexpected.

Afterwards, Sarah cuddled me and we chatted at length before we realised I'd stayed past my hour.  I dressed, she hugged me, took me by the hand and led me to the door where she hugged me again, then sent me off with a small kiss.  Sarah is a great value punt for all those who enjoy mature WLs.  She's in great shape for her age, and while her face may look a bit tired at first glance, it soon lights up when you turn her on.  A very nice lady to boot.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 29th November 2014, 11:58 PM
Poster ID: the day trader
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
It's good to hear you had a good result, but when I saw her she was a bit distant.  I enjoy mature WL's and based on your review, I will give her another go.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 30th November 2014, 07:21 PM
Poster ID: Lustvader
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
YMMV as always, maybe she had an off day when you saw her, perhaps I caught her in a good mood, won't know until I see her again (presumably next year). 

I've had that happen to me -- slightly distant, disinterested and/or aloof -- at least a couple of times with well reviewed ladies.  If I feel it's a lack of attraction/chemistry, I don't see the point in forcing myself on her a second time.  If it seemed to be more due to external factors (e.g. she took my booking while swotting for exams), then it might be worth another go after an appropriate period has elapsed, particularly if I really liked her.

Good luck!  Will be interested to hear how you go, especially since I didn't notice a review from your first time with Sarah (assuming that was after you joined AXR).


Floor: #4
Post Time: 18th March 2017, 10:22 PM
Poster ID: zigzag
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Any one seen her recently? I saw her ad today and am thinking about taking a punt, any recent info?


Floor: #5
Post Time: 19th March 2017, 03:33 PM
Poster ID: turtle
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sarah

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : March 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0458 163 105

Hours of Business : unsure

Rates : $100 half hour r'n't - full service available. 

Age : over 60

Size/shape : slim, petit

Nationality or Ethnicity : Caucasian

Services Provided : Full service available

Value for money/recommend? : Yes value for money if you like older ladies

My experience/comments : 
I contacted Sarah after seeing an ad in the Canberra Times. Ad reads: 





			
				SENSUAL SARAH Mature, slim, busty, blonde, Stockings, Suspenders, Fantasies, Role Play, Discreet. 0458 163 105. The session took place in a motel in Lyneham. 
			
		

Sarah said she was in her 40s but she was much, much older. I am a big fan of mature ladies but she was way too old for my liking. I ended up with a quick r'n't. 

She is slim, tanned, with medium length blonde/grey hair and a slim, petit body. 

Her personality was lovely and she seemed very down to earth. Nice enough, but just too old and I didn't find her attractive. Not to everyone's taste but some may enjoy. 

She gave me a good handjob with a bit of dirty talk. I think I paid $80 in total. 

Happy punting


