Thread Title: Sarah - Reid - 0429 681 249
Floor: #1
Post Time: 13th June 2012, 04:37 PM
Poster ID: billshakespeare
Post Title: 
 Sarah - Reid - 0429 681 249
				
Post Content: 
Advert in Canberra times :ADORABLE Sarah: womanly  hourglass figure sensual lips   mature, priv.   0429 681 249.

I likes my mature ladies. So on a whim i called Sarah.

Fucking hell. The Argyle apartments has a lot of WL. I reckon you could randomly knock on any door there have a good chance of being greeted by one.

Very polite over the phone. Sarah gave a reasonably accurate description and finished each part of the description with a "is that ok for you" almost like she was is expecting me to say no. eg. "i am forty years old. is that ok with you?" etc. So i figured she was trying to be honest with me which i appreciated. But she did neglect to tell me she is a Maori. Call me racist. I just don't fancy Maori chicks.

Anyway after my initial disappointment at the door (she isn't really that attractive) i found her very friendly and nice to be around, so i felt happy handing over $120.
Don't get me wrong, she's not ugly. Long dark hair probably a size twelve. She looked her age (mid forties). Maori as i said. But you can't expect the best for $120 bucks.

The service i took was straight oral, massage and sex. I did not ask about extras. Sarah is the kind of WL who has her routine set out and i did not feel that she was open to many suggestions ie. positions, mutual oral. So i pretty much shut up and let her do her work. Massage was good, not great, but better than most WL token massage.

 Honestly ladies unless you are going to bother with a half decent massage can't we just skip It? 

Anyway i am concerned i am coming across as  a real prick.So on with the story.

After the massage she asked me if i wanted my dick sucked. a very strange question i thought but Sarah assured me about a third of men don't like getting a BJ? Sounds ridiculous to me but any way. each to his own
CBJ was excellent. I was not expecting much but she lay between my legs and sucked me beautifully. 8/10.

Sensing i was getting close to the edge she stopped and asked what position i liked. I can never go past doggie and she happily obliged although before we started she told me not to go number 2. I knew what she meant. but i could not help but think " why does she think i a going to shit the bed?'

Anyway on with the rootin.

She has a shaved pussy which felt great. not very tight as you can imagine. We fucked for a bit and i came. That was it really.

I probably won't go back. She just wasn't attractive enough. But as a one off a was glad i saw Sarah. She was very nice and a great cocksucker. also relatively cheap.
It was a nice warm root on a cold day. You could do worse for $120. But possibly better.
 3 stars out of 5
Bill


