Thread Title: Sarah - Canberra, ACT - 0413 465 225
Floor: #1
Post Time: 25th April 2016, 08:05 PM
Poster ID: DocEagle
Post Title: 
 Sarah - Canberra, ACT - 0413 465 225
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Sarah

 Establishment: Private

 Date of Visit: March 2016

 Contact Details/Address/Weblink: 0413465225

 Hours of Business: Contact provider for details

 Rates: $250

 Age: 20s

 Size/shape: Petite

 Nationality or Ethnicity: Thai

 Services Provided: Full Service

 Value for money/recommend?: Good value for money

 My experience/comments:

It took me a little while to find her apartment as I wasn’t familiar with the area, but got there eventually. She answered the door in a see-through nightie, looking pretty close to the pictures in her ad. Sarah’s an extremely petite (less than 5 foot) young Thai girl. Nice boobs, probably B cups, and arse. Not skinny, but definitely not overweight either. Told her that I’d already showered prior to arrival and she was satisfied with that. With the formalities sorted, I was offered a glass of water, then we quickly got down to business.

She directed me to lay on the bed, undressed herself, then began by kissing my nipples. She gradually worked her way south, brushing her boobs against me as she moved. Cover on, and some nice oral, but not for long. She got on top for cowgirl to begin with for a few minutes, then asked to switch position. We changed to doggy. I gave it to her hard from behind while I watched us from the mirror on the sliding door of the built-in closet, and it looked pretty good. We transitioned into caterpillar for a bit, before finishing off in missionary.

Had a shower after round 1, then returned to the bedroom for a massage and a chat. The massage was really in name only, but we had a few laughs during our conversations. After a while, she asked if I was ready for round 2. Wasn’t quite sure I was ready yet, but I thought I’d see how we go. Same drill as last time with the nipple kissing, then CBJ. Turned out I WAS ready for round 2. Asked her to go on top again, but she said no, so settled for doggy instead. She told me not to take as long this time. Soon, we were back in missionary again and alternated through different variations of that with her legs in different positions. She started off pretty quiet, but became noticeably more audible as we went on. I eventually finished with her feet on my shoulders and really giving her everything I’ve got and she took it like a champ.

Back in the shower again, then got dressed as we chatted some more. I was out of the door with 5-10 minutes to spare of my one-hour booking, which is fine for me as I didn’t have to shower when I got there, and I’d pretty much got what I came for.

Overall, it was fairly good value for money and Sarah’s easy on the eyes. Would recommend her if looking for a good fuck without the girlfriend experience, as it’s not often that I cum twice within an hour while punting.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 3rd May 2016, 10:47 PM
Poster ID: jkwaters
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Her photos definitely indicate that she's quite the cutie 0413465225 escort reviews - 0413-465-225 pictures, rating - Canberra escorts


