Thread Title: Sasa - Deloraine St, Woden ACT - 0499 344 365
Floor: #1
Post Time: 4th June 2018, 10:45 AM
Poster ID: CD88
Post Title: 
 Sasa - Deloraine St, Woden ACT - 0499 344 365
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sasa

Establishment : Private/ Found ad on Locanto

Date of Visit : Sat 2/6/18 1am

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0499 344 365 /  48 Deloraine St, Woden ACT

https://canberra.locanto.com.au/ID_2...ived-24-7.html 

Hours of Business : 24/7

Rates : 200/hr

Age : 30-40

Size/shape : Average

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian

Services Provided : CBJ + FS

Value for money/recommend? : Would not recommend

My experience/comments : Passing through Canberra on the weekend, I was feeling rather adventurous and decided to see what was available on Locanto. After filtering through heaps of fake listings, i found a few that i thought were worth a shot and so I got around to the rounds of texting a few to see who was available at that moment, 1am on a sat night. Heaps of numbers replied back, saying they were housed in the same number at the same apartment in Reid - felt this was rather fishy so decided to ignore these.

Found this particular listing that showed there were two girls working together and offered anal as an extra. This got my attention - got texting and shortly after a short taxi to Woden, I rock up at a residential block. Walk down the drive way to the back house and once through the gate and then front door - I see a fat old chinese lady sitting behind a desk. Imagine the profanities running through my head right now, she ushers me into a room as she yells out in chinese to the 'girl' behind the door. The listing said the girls were in their early 20s, however this girl Sasa was easily 35+ in her PJ's and looked like she was sleeping on the bed while waiting for the next client.

Alarm bells started to ring, however I thought the hell with it, I've had a few drinks and its late - I may as well go in, do what I came here to do and that's that. Biggest regret I have is not walking away at that moment.

To start with Sasa suggested a massage to ease us up, I went along with it - not realising it she took half an hr to do so. Massage was horrible, it felt as if she was falling asleep on my back and trying to get up every few seconds. She asked me how the massage was, I stupidly said it was great - still hopeful and optimistic that her lack of massage skills would be made up elsewhere that night. She turned me around and gave me a CBJ before jumping on top and into her cow girl position. 

Overall experience was super mechanical, I found it difficult to finish due to her constant fake moans and continuous repeat of "Darling, hurry up - come on me" which i found was the biggest turn off - being rushed when she was a star fish for most of the times. 

My first time using Locanto, and first time punting in Canberra - not the best experience however next time I will definitely be walking away if I pick up any early warning signs. Misleading ad, and a super underwhelming experience. 

Would not recommend this to my worst enemy.


