Thread Title: Scarlett Tease - Canberra - 0484 005 115
Floor: #1
Post Time: 19th December 2017, 10:04 PM
Poster ID: johnston
Post Title: 
 Scarlett Tease - Canberra - 0484 005 115
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Scarlett Tease

Establishment : Private escort

Date of Visit : December 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0484 005 115 \ ?Scarlett ?Intimate, Passionate, Attentive GFE ?Pale Skin/Red Hair/Perfect Breasts ? - Canberra escorts - backpage.com.au

Hours of Business : unsure

Rates : $450 hour

Age : 25?

Size/shape : approx 10, around c cup

Nationality or Ethnicity : caucasian

Services Provided : GFE

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : 

This was a return visit to Scarlett, I had a booking around 6 months earlier which was amazing, seen the advert pop up on backpage and jumped at the chance.  Scarlett remembered me from the previous booking, arranging a booking was straight forward.
Private apartment in the city, though I believe Scarlett offers outcalls as well, always easier for me to make the trip and also adds to the excitement I believe.
Scarlett is very cute, pictures are accurate, the moment I opened the door I felt (once again) that she was even more beautiful that in the photos online.  The red hair and tattoos give her a real cute touch, well right up my alley anyway, maybe not for everyone.
After I handover over the envelop we chatted for a while before a shower was offered, Scarlett joining me for the tail end of my shower which was a nice surprise.  A little bit of kissing and touching in the shower and I was well and truly in the mood to dry off and head to the bedroom.
Once we hit the bed there was a lot more kissing, hands exploring, Scarlett has an amazing touch, gentle and teasingly almost always and very encouraging of having her body explored which is not an offer I could possible refuse.
A very sensual and amazing covered BJ had me across the line sooner than I hoped.
Following i held her in my arms, we chatted like old friends, she never stops her hands gently stroking me.  It felt like it was only a matter of 5-10 mins before I was standing to attention again.
Scarlett could sense this, more kissing and exploring, joking that this time I am not going to tease and she is going to get what she wanted.  A short covered BJ followed by the encouragement of doggy.
To say that it felt amazing is an understatement and did i mention the mirror and the view of her amazing body...really felt like a kid in a candy store.
Needless to say it did not take long before the main event was over, well in a flurry.
Both retiring again for some more conversation before bidding farewell.

I must admit it was even better than the first visit and I would not hesitate to visit again next time I have the chance, highly recommended


