Thread Title: Selina Size 8 DD cup, Canberra CBD - 0404 338 023
Floor: #1
Post Time: 23rd February 2016, 01:38 PM
Poster ID: ABC_Bonker
Post Title: 
 Selina Size 8 DD cup, Canberra CBD - 0404 338 023
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Selina

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : This week

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0404 338 023 Cracker / Backpage

Hours of Business : Flexible by mutual agreement

Rates : 

Full Service

$120- 20mins.
$140- 30mins.
$170- 45mins.
$200- 1 hr.

Age : 30.

Size/shape : Approx 163cm, Size 8-10, 38DD natural.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Taiwanese.

Services Provided : F/S, Oral, Body Slide, Massage

Value for money/recommend? : Not really.

My experience/comments :

Saw Selina's ad on Cracker / Backpage and booked her for 45 minutes. I got a text back from another number with the above rates which was a little different to the rates on Cracker. Her pictures looked sexy but being a Cracker / Backpage ad, wasn't really expecting her to be the one in the ad and I wasn't wrong. Whilst her lips looked similar, her body shape was more rounder and she appeared shorter. Her breasts were natural, big and heavy with long responsive nipples when sucked.


Her apartment was rather untidy and when I entered she brought out a exercise book with the rates written on there and asked me to point out my preferred choice and there was no option for 45 minutes. Her English was not that good and appeared confused that I wanted 45 minutes when that selection was not available even though I had SMS back and forth to confirm the 45 min booking. Rather than pushing the point I chose the 30 minute option with the hope that I may get additional time like our friend Snapper with his 30 minute punts hahahaha. BBBJ was an additional $30 but I declined.


A shower was offered but I had just had one so I undressed and lay on bed with Selina. She stripped off revealing those heavy and relatively firm DD breasts. She left on a pair of red crotchless string panties. We cuddled for a while with little kisses but I avoided any kissing on the lips as just before she had joined me on the bed, she gave a little burp LOL. She started sucking on my nipples whilst fondling my cock and I rose quickly to attention. I asked about the body slide as advertised and she seemed confused that it was an option but then started sliding her breasts acrosss my chest. I started sucking and teasing her nipples whilst playing with her clit and she got quite wet. I slid a finger gently into her and she said "No finger in pussy" a bit late I think. She then dommed me up and proceed to give an excellent BJ, I wished I had gone for the natural but didn't want more delays and discussions. She sensed I was about to blow so got into the missionary position. I raised her legs onto my shoulders and slid into her moist pussy which also seemed quite tight. She was quite active with I presume some fake moaning. I switched to doggy and we both watched ourselves via the mirrored sliding doors of the BIR. I came and after removing the condom she cleaned me up with baby wipes before oiling my back up and giving quite a decent back massage.


I had noticed, rather annoyingly, that throughout my time with Selina that she kept glancing at her watch despite telling me that it was a quiet day. So much for her ad about not feeling rushed etc.
She wiped my back down with some more baby wipes, no shower was offered and I left. I was in and out of her door in 25 minutes.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 23rd February 2016, 01:41 PM
Poster ID: ABC_Bonker
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Selina's ad on Cracker

Size 8 DD cup Selina , very comfortable service ~ - 30


Spend a precious time with sexy Selina , guarantee you fall in love with me deeply !!.

Fall into my deep and narrow hole .. discover me from here . one single fingertips to seduce you be a last longer strong man while the session you book in ...
I don’t do hurry service …. So don’t worry you burn your money too easy !.

I will give you real comfy and worth service ….

Love my boobs , love my body . love my pussy !!.

Service I do .. full service include kissing , touching , oral , body slide massage and condom sex.

If baby looking for more horny extra service , you can call me and ask for it ...
We can discuss.

Rates I charges for incall.
$200 1 hour.
$180 45mins.
$150 30mins.

call or text 0404 338 023
Poster's age: 30
• Location: Canberra, canberra CBD

• Post ID: 13653657 canberra


Floor: #3
Post Time: 23rd February 2016, 06:51 PM
Poster ID: Snapper79
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks Bonkers! This wasn't a Griffith special was it?


Floor: #4
Post Time: 23rd February 2016, 09:09 PM
Poster ID: ABC_Bonker
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by Snapper79


Thanks Bonkers! This wasn't a Griffith special was it
"""



No, she was in the Monterey Apartments, so at least it wasn't the Argyle Brothel.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 12th February 2017, 07:52 PM
Poster ID: JohnNA
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
mmm Selina - in the Monterey Apartments

Saw her on Tuesday - but a different person

saw the add on cracker - contacted her then realised it was Jennifer ( saw her under a different name for a handjob a few months before)

anyway this Selina  sent got my number and sent sexy messages and pictures about being 22 34c size 6 passionate service

Well, it was service but not very passionate and not the 45 mins ($160) I paid for 

from Indonesia originally but just arrived from Melbourne 
not recommended - I'll be staying away from the Monterey apartments in future


Floor: #6
Post Time: 13th February 2017, 11:45 AM
Poster ID: WOTAN01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by JohnNA


mmm Selina - in the Monterey Apartments

Saw her on Tuesday - but a different person

saw the add on cracker - contacted her then realised it was Jennifer ( saw her under a different name for a handjob a few months before)
........................................

from Indonesia originally but just arrived from Melbourne 
not recommended - I'll be staying away from the Monterey apartments in futur
"""



What was the phone number of your girl? Could be that there are a few girls operation out of that building.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 13th February 2017, 03:55 PM
Poster ID: David Banks
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I am sure there are several....In fact I suspect Monterey is now as big a brothel as Argyle....also strongly suspect that they are both mostly managed by one or two people, hence, lots of people use same phone number, lots of Back Page adds look similar, lots of switchers occur....Lots of people called Lisa


