Thread Title: Suki - Gungahlin - 0452 603 198
Floor: #1
Post Time: 3rd March 2018, 10:27 PM
Poster ID: turtle
Post Title: 
 Suki - Gungahlin - 0452 603 198
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Suki

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : March 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0452 603 198

Hours of Business : unsure

Rates : $120 for half an houe

Age : approx 25-30

Size/shape : slim, around size 8

Nationality or Ethnicity: Chinese

Services Provided : Full Service, BJ

Value for money/recommend? : Maybe for a quick one

My experience/comments : 

I live on the north side and there are not really many options close to home. I noticed that there are some new ads on Cracker for Asian ladies working from Gungahlin. The photos were obviously fake, but I had some time and spare cash so on a whim, I decided to give it a crack. 

Booking was done via text and was easy. I arrived to an apartment block in the Gungahlin town centre and went up the lift as instructed.

The ad says the girl is Japanese and I think there is another one up saying Taiwan. I knew it would be a Thai or Chinese lady. I feel like the Asian WLs are starting to put all sorts of crap up now like 'half Mexican' or 'Eurasian' just to stand out from the plethora of fake ads. So I wasn't really expecting much at all. 

I was actually pleasantly surprised that the lady who opened the door. She was pretty cute, young and dressed very sexy. Unfortunately, it kind of went downhill from there. 

Forked out $120 for half. She didn't speak a lick of English. She was trying to get me to talk into a translating app on her phone. I think she was trying to get me to pay a tip for BBBJ. I ended up not bothering, and opted for a CBJ. 

She did a few body slides and sucked on my nipples which was kinda nice. Ended up sucking me till I came. She seemed to get impatient with me for simple requests and clearly wanted to finish up as quickly as possible. Ended up blowing, had a quick shower and was out the door. The whole thing was quite quick, and no where near my allocated time. 

Would I return? Probably not. She was hot, but the service was crap. I think she might be good for someone who just wants to blow a load and doesn't care much about an intimate service.


