Thread Title: Tammy and Daria - Canberra - 0401 470 839
Floor: #1
Post Time: 16th August 2015, 11:11 AM
Poster ID: mstewart
Post Title: 
 Tammy and Daria - Canberra - 0401 470 839
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Tammy and Daria Euro Excorts (from Prague)

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 22 May 2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : **** EUROPEAN 100%*** BLOND TAMMY and BRUNETTE DARIA first time in Canberra!!! - Canberra escorts - backpage.com

Hours of Business : unsure

Rates : 450/hour per girl, or 350/half per girl, 430/45 mins per girl,

Age : Early 20's

Size/shape : Tammy Slim / Daria curvy & busty

Nationality or Ethnicity : Czech

Services Provided : Massage, doubles, lesbian doubles

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments :

I had been after a threesome experience and saw their ad on Backpage. They looked stunning (could they be real?), so texted and it was their last day in town, so decided to go for it.

They were staying in a very luxurious hotel appt right in the CBD, which I have never been too. When I got to the room I was pleasantly surprised. They opened the door in sexy lingerie and were both very young (it says 22 in the ad and I believe it), and gorgeous. Tammy (the blonde) looked stunning in the pics, and a little less so in real life. But still very pretty. Daria (dark hair) looked just like the pictures a lot more curvy, and with great breasts. I paid for the lesbian double for half an hour at $350 per girl. A bit steep, but it has always been my fantasy, so happy to pay it.

When I showered and walked in to the bedroom, Tammy was nude and laying on the bed ready for me and Daria to play with. Daria still had her top on and her large breasts almost busting out of there. I touched and fingered Tammy while Daria kissed and licked her. It was an awesome sight, they were both so beautiful.

After playing with Tammy, Daria took her top off and Tammy expertly put a condom on me with her mouth, they both sucked my cock together. Gobbling it hungrily. I then asked to watch Daria perform oral on Tammy, and watched it from a number of angles. Very erotic!

Tammy then sucked me off, while Daria played with herself in the background giving me a good show. Tammy was sucking my cock, then sliding it in to her tight pussy and jumping up and down on me, and then getting off to suck it again. I decided I need to swap girls, so they expertly took the condom off/put another one on (they were very quick - no doubt lots of practice), and I was then watching Tammy suck me off, then slide on to my pole and fuck me. Eventually I wanted her to get on her back so I could fuck her and come in her, while Tammy hugged and kissed me from behind.

It was an awesome experience. They seemed to be working independently without anyone else pulling the strings, perhaps just funding their trip around the world? I am glad I rang them, not sure I will be able to ever repeat that experience!


Floor: #2
Post Time: 16th August 2015, 07:02 PM
Poster ID: Lustvader
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I envy you. I remember lusting after the blonde but just too rich for my budget. 

Nice to experience a punt vicariously though.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 20th August 2015, 12:39 PM
Poster ID: lofty14u
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Nice review you lucky ba5tard! Wow, they are two gorgeous looking young lasses. Unfortunately way above my budget for punting. Dunno how you guys afford that stuff.........but good on you for going there. Like I said........lucky ba5tard! lol


