Thread Title: Tara - Reid - 0429 785 144
Floor: #1
Post Time: 16th July 2010, 12:38 AM
Poster ID: ordnance54
Post Title: 
 Tara - Reid - 0429 785 144
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Tara

Contact Details/Address: 0429 785 144

Prices:$170 for an hour

Age: Advertises as 19 years but probably late 20s

Size/shape: Size 6 to 8. About 150cm tall with huge D? cup breasts, shaved, nice butt.

Nationality or Ethnicity: Asian of Thai origin with good English

Services:natural oral $50, Greek $100, CIM $50, allows DATY but no rimming or DFK

Value for money/recommend ? Extras are a little excessive/cute but no real connection so wouldn't revisit

Joanne/Nadia the Mamasan has a regular turnover of WLs in her place in the Argyle Apartment complex, mainly Thai girls out of Sydney.

Tara met me at the door in a cute little blue and white bikini. I was struck by this tiny little girl, no more than 150cm with a huge rack that seemed over large and slightly out of place.

After trying to negotiate a better deal for an all inclusive session, I forked over $370 and had a quick shower. Once lying down on the bed, I was joined by Tara who quickly went to work. Light kisses all over was quickly followed by a light and airy BBBJ, some light teeth contact was evident. 

After some more light kissing and heavy breathing, we went into 69 and I was able to try some light dining at the Y. Shaved and very tight, clean tasting and seemed to enjoy it, if in a somewhat reserved way.

After the starters, main course was on offer and on went the dom, followed by reverse cowgirl, doggie and mish. She was quite tight and before I lost control, it was time for a quick breather before we tried Greek.

With some trepidation by Tara and urging to go really slow, my slightly larger than normal package found a tight home. 

Missionary wasn't really working for either of us and so I suggested we try cowgirl. This was much more comfortable for Tara and also allowed me to get a great view of her tight butt being penetrated. 

I could feel the kettle starting to boil so quickly disengaged and it was then a race to see if I could get the dom off and her mouth on before I blew. Nearly a dead heat, I probably came first. 

After a quick trip to the bathroom by Tara to use the basin, a light massage and conversation finished off the experience.

Overall, a better than average punt with a good attempt at PSE for an Asian WL, but not quite there. 

Certainly not up to the Foxy Roxy standard and slightly more expensive.
Maybe 7/10


Floor: #2
Post Time: 30th July 2010, 11:59 AM
Poster ID: able
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Establishment and/or person's Name: Same as Above

Contact Details/Address: Same as above

Hours of Business: (if known or applicable)

Prices: $100/.5hr

Value for money/recommend?: Nope

My experience/comments: 

Felt cheated

Booked a time, went to the apartment, and took to the room.

She was tiny, with big breasts wearing a bikini. After shower, she gave massage. Later, put the dom on, then cowgirl. Asked to change position, and she gave me this awful look.... Anyway just wanted to finish after that

What happened to the bbbj, 69, daty....

Sorry, won't recommend...money can be spent elsewhere


Floor: #3
Post Time: 25th February 2011, 10:56 AM
Poster ID: omnfxop1
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I have seen Tara a few times, she comes and goes from that establishment. Just a note to people reading the post by the previous poster, if you book her for the $100 you don't get BBBJ, 69, DATY, Greek. Tara is pretty friendly and the best experience I ever had was one time when I managed to convince her to do rimming (which she obviously doesn't like) but instead of getting rimming (when she realised what she was in for) she made a massive effort on the BBBJ to make sure I was not going to push the point of the rimming I had paid for.

To the previous poster, the first post mentioned what you get but it did also mention the prices: Services:natural oral $50, Greek $100, CIM $50, allows DATY but no rimming or DFK

Before you complain about feeling cheated you should probably consider offering a few dollars extra for the things you wanted.


