Thread Title: Tasha - Canberra (tour) - 0497 109 956
Floor: #1
Post Time: 30th November 2014, 11:11 PM
Poster ID: Lustvader
Post Title: 
 Tasha - Canberra (tour) - 0497 109 956
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Tasha*

Establishment : private

Date of Visit : November 2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0497 109 956 | backpage & cracker ads

Hours of Business : unknown

Rates : $300/hr ($180/30mins)

Age : late 20s

Size/shape : 14, DD, 5'7"

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : DFK, CBJ, DATY, FS

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : Tasha is a newcomer to the capital whose ads and photos suggested she was my kind of girl ('curvy, busty, sexy'), so thought I'd TOFTT.  I met her at a hotel and was pleased her advertising was pretty spot on.  She is tallish, nicely dyed slightly longer than shoulder-length blonde hair, naturally busty and curvy but not quite BBW proportions in my book -- a nice girl you can grab hold of.  Her demeanour was bright and cheerful and she made me feel at ease straight away.

After taking care of business and returning from the shower, I kissed her and she willingly reciprocated, with DFK clearly not a problem, and I quickly realised this punt was going to be a good 'un.  Tasha and I enjoyed a fair bit of foreplay and playing with her big soft boobs was lots of fun.  I let my hand wander down below and she was receptive to some manual stimulation, so I decided to take a closer look and was soon licking her pussy and clit.  Tasha appeared to really appreciate it and later returned the favour with a reasonable CBJ.

When we were both ready, I took her doggy style and admired the view of her ample arse jiggling.  Tasha was quite vocal and this, as always, was a huge turn-on for me.  Next, she sat on my cock for a short ride before we switched to mish which is when I eventually came.  She has a sexy pout she does with her mouth in between not-so-sweet nothings that I liked watching as I banged her.

Tasha was in no hurry though did mention she had another booking a short while later, so after a nice getting-to-know-you chat (always amuses me how these occur after the sex, as opposed to a conventional date), I showered and dressed before heading home.  I found Tasha very friendly, quite sexy and attractive, and eager to please -- in fact, she had a great positive and mature attitude which made it a very enjoyable session.  She indicated she would probably return to Canberra once or twice a month a few days at a time, and I can certainly see myself spending more time with her in future.

*Not to be confused with a PML by the same name who tours regularly http://auxxxreviews.com/forum/f125/t...58/#post136557


Floor: #2
Post Time: 30th November 2014, 11:24 PM
Poster ID: Lustvader
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Tasha's backpage and cracker ads include photos which all seem accurate (if not the best quality):
..TASHA ......Curvy, Busty, sexy and extremely Horny, available now call to book - canberra escorts - backpage.com
TASHA......... CURVY, SEXY,BUSTY IS BACK IN ACTION AVAILABLE 3/12 to 5/12 TAKING BOOKINGS NOW. - Canberra | Escort / adult | Erotic | Cracker





			
				Australian Tasha 
I am Aussie Tasha independent escort. I am 25 years old, 
curvy,busty,sexy size 14 with long blonde hair, tanned skin 
and seductive blue eyes. 

I provide the ultimate sensual experience. I love to pamper 
and offer a genuine GF experience , which includes mutual 
oral and sex. I love to entice you with my curvy busty 
body and 14DD natural perky bust.I like to take control but I 
also love a man to be a little rough but in a playfull 
nature. 

If u require a certain service not listed please confirm 
with me before booking to guarantee you receive exactly the 
experience u Desire 

GFE 
Passionate kissing and cuddles 
intimate sex 
Mutual masturbation 
Mutual French 
COB 
Dirty talk 
Discrete dinner companion 
Interstate travel 
Mild spanking 
couples service - add $200 per hour

$180half hr 

$280 1hr 

Please call first if no answer send a txt 

Looking forward to meeting u 

Tasha xoxo
			
		

Note: Her hourly rate seems to fluctuate between $280 and $300 -- not sure why.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 1st December 2014, 01:53 PM
Poster ID: zigzag
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Try her and revuew


Floor: #4
Post Time: 6th December 2014, 11:58 PM
Poster ID: aaki
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I will post her review soon but I agree with OP as I have tried her and she is good. I would recommend


Floor: #5
Post Time: 14th December 2014, 02:33 PM
Poster ID: Lustvader
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Seems Tasha is now Ava with new number 0473 197 486 (Or is she?  Still says Tasha in the description and has the same photos!): AUSSIE,CURVY, BUSTY, SEXY young and very pretty, $170.....,AVA till late CBD Location - canberra escorts - backpage.com

Why do they do this??  Can't be good if they want to develop some regular business.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 31st December 2014, 09:14 AM
Poster ID: dudeson
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hi Guys,

Made an appointment with Tasha for this morning and texted her more than an hour before to confirm the booking.

I arrived at 9 and she was a no show.

Disappointed as I was looking forward to a nice punt.

Now to find a backup plan 

D


Floor: #7
Post Time: 31st December 2014, 09:44 AM
Poster ID: Lustvader
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
That's a bummer.  You said you texted her to confirm more than an hour beforehand -- did she reply?  And assume you tried calling her repeatedly when you arrived?

It may have been too early for her -- I think my booking was pushed back by 15-20 mins because she overslept.  I didn't mention it in my review because it wasn't a big deal to me and seemed like a genuine mistake, and she was very good other than that, including not being a clock watcher.  But if it's a pattern, may be worth noting for others.

Hey aaki, never saw your review -- did you have any similar issues?


Floor: #8
Post Time: 31st December 2014, 10:29 AM
Poster ID: dudeson
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hi Lustvader,

Yeah, she didn't reply to the text but I assumed no news was good news. 

She answered the call when I arrived but said she was not at her hotel because she didn't receive confirmation from me.

I explained the text and she said she didn't get it.

I've put it down to being let down by technology. 

Now if I can just find someone to relieve my case of blue balls I'll be fine 

D


