Thread Title: Tina and Honey - Reid - 0404 327 661
Floor: #1
Post Time: 25th April 2013, 04:26 PM
Poster ID: Rex
Post Title: 
 Tina and Honey - Reid - 0404 327 661
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Tina and Honey

Date of Visit : April 2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : http://cracker.com.au/canberra-act/erotic/escorts-adult-services/sweet-sexy-vietnamese-double-until-28th-april-canberra-cbd/403882379/advert.htm?advertcategory=82&region=2&return=1&pag  eno=1

Hours of Business : 10am till late

Rates : $120 half an hour

Age : Late 20's; 40's

Size/shape : C cup, slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian

Services Provided : RnT / FS

Value for money/recommend? : Meh...

My experience/comments :So I was trolling through Cracker and came across a number of ads for Vietnamese providers in Canberra and this ad obviously grabbed my attention. I enjoy the odd double, however I had some doubts about this one. Eventually curiosity overcame my better judgement and I called up. 

They were based in Reid at those infamous block of apartments. It's a huge complex so not always easy to find the room. 

Anyway, door opened and greeted by two ladies - one a slim, reasonably attractive and probably late 20's; the other larger, older and average looking. One thing to note was the place was very dark so I really couldn't see their features that well initially. 

Anyhow, no shower offered (usually a bad sign), and straight into a pretty average rub by the younger girl - not even a rub, more of a shoving on my back! Hardly erotic. Then the other came in and both started shoving me in the back. No subtle strokes, gentle tickling or even proper massage strokes. Between the two of them, it felt like I was sitting in a car being rocked from the outside. They had no idea. However the older one did do some nice ball play. Then flipped over on with the dom, and then began a furious and hard CBJ. Again, no subtlety or variation - just went at it at a million miles an hour, while the younger girl fed me her quite decent C cups whilst I fingered her pussy. 

After only maybe 3 minutes of the CBJ, the older lady started a gloved HJ. (also furiously). 

Miraculously, I did manage to come, but only because I had a mouthful of tit and my finger buried in a moist pussy. She also ceased tugging even as I was still coming such was her hurry. To be honest, I'm not even sure the second girl even touched my cock. 

Dressed, no shower offered. Out the door in 20 mins. 

So the motto when it comes to these two - less is more. 

The whole thrill of having two women was lost in their sadly stereotypical Asian manner of service.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 25th April 2013, 11:48 PM
Poster ID: BadAussieBoy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Copy of their Cracker ad:





			
				Hello Gentlemen, 
We are available in Canberra for you to experience two girls at the same time. Have you ever dreamed of having two sexy girls on the bed for you to enjoy? Or having two girls put their hands all over you as they give relaxing massage? Well now is your chance to fulfil that desire for real.
 We are from Vietnam, busty and aged 24 & 26 dressed seductively in lingerie. 

From a seductive and relaxing massage by two girls to full service by the both of us... the decision is up to you.

Rates are $120 for a thirty minute double massage (inc. oral), $180/30 mins full service double and $350/hour full service double.
 Extras are available for extra price.. call to enquire  

We are available from 900am to midnight and look forward to seeing you. 

Tina & Honey 
X


Floor: #3
Post Time: 26th April 2013, 07:33 AM
Poster ID: ABC_Bonker
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks Rex for TOFTT no showers being offered is definitely not a good sign.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 26th April 2013, 08:29 AM
Poster ID: zigzag
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Glad I looked here today.  I was planning a punt today but will go elsewhere 






 Originally Posted by ABC_Bonker


Thanks Rex for TOFTT no showers being offered is definitely not a good sign.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 17th May 2013, 06:47 AM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
For a bit more background (and pictures of those cans), see http://auxxxreviews.com/forum/f35/sw...-double-17654/






 Originally Posted by Rex

 ... slim, reasonably attractive and probably late 20's ...


  - the 'younger one' of the double in Rex's review - also advertises as Mimi, although the ad (in the link above) says she offers FS (as well as RnT) and works in Adelaide.


