Floor: #1
Post Time: 27th August 2018, 08:13 PM
Poster ID: foxtelgo79
Post Title: 
 Tori Trix - Canberra/Queanbeyan - email toritrixxx@gmail.com
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Tori Trix

Establishment : private

Date of Visit : 12/8/18

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :  https://crockor.com.au/adult-service...for-fun_i22426

Phone : email, kik or twitter

Hours of Business : prebookings preferred but sometimes available short notice

Rates : 15 mins - $100, 30 mins - $150, 60 mins - $250

Age : 25

Size/shape : size 10 with a little waist and a white girl badonkadonk

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian/Caucasian

Services Provided : protected intercourse, BBBJ, DATY, passionate kissing

Value for money/recommend? :  Yes and yes

My experience/comments :This chick was a good find and I would definitely return. I had seen Tori's ad a few weeks ago and waited to see it reappear a couple times so I knew she was real. Then I saw her advertise  one weekend that she was available for same day bookings and since it was a Sunday and I was about to head off to a sesh with some mates, I thought I'd check her out on my way over. We exchanged a couple of messages on Kik, which I haven't seen WLs use that much but she seems pretty privacy-conscious and said that was why. There were only two pics on her ad so I asked if she could send some more which she happily did. I booked for 30 mins which she quoted $150. When I arrived it was to a simple motel room in Queanbeyan. She gave me the room number when I texted her that I arrived and I found it easily. Tori answered the door in a slip and a silky dressing gown thing which she told me is called a 'kimono'. Money exchanged and I hopped in the shower, scrubbed good and back out in a couple of minutes. She had taken off her kimono thing and I could see her nips through her slip which was hot. We kissed passionately for about five minutes before her hands wandered down to my dick which was already hard from the tongue kissing she was giving me. I sat on the bed and she got on her knees (nothing better is there) and surprised me by taking my entire ballsack into her wet mouth before even touching my cock. Great eye contact, nice deep strokes with her mouth up and down on my cock and firm but gentle hands on my shaft. I wanted to blow right then but was keen to fuck her. I let her go a few more minutes and then placed my hand under her chin, brought her body up to my face and we pashed while she was grinding  on my leg and I pinched her nips. She was driving me crazy still being fully clothed and I might have torn her slip right off if it went on much longer. She sensed I was ready and grabbed a rubber which she put on with her mouth, eye contact the whole time. Fuck this woman is lovely. We kissed again but only briefly before I rolled her over, hooked one knee over my shoulder and pushed into the sweet spot. She was tight, she was wet, she was everything I wanted right then. We fucked like that for probably ten straight minutes, pashing off and panting, before I noticed I had like five minutes to go. I asked her to get on her knees again and she complied straight away, turning her ass skyward . I pushed into her from behind and hammered away til I came. We lay together for a minute or two before I got into the shower (was given a fresh towel which was a nice touch) and I went on my way, smiling like a thief.


