Thread Title: Tracy - Canberra CBD - 0491 241 418
Floor: #1
Post Time: 20th February 2017, 07:00 PM
Poster ID: drifter2914
Post Title: 
 Tracy - Canberra CBD - 0491 241 418
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Tracy

Establishment : Private WL

Date of Visit : Feb 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : http://canberra.cracker.com.au/Femal...rvice/18525378

Hours of Business : 8am-11pm

Rates : 
Full Service: Oral, Kissing, 69.
60 Mins $170/.
45 Mins $150/.
30 Mins $110/.
20 Mins $100/.

Massage Service: Nude Body,Happy Ending.
60 Mins $120/.
45 Mins $100/.
30 Mins $80/.

Age : 40 <---- um advertised rate

Size/shape : Not tall - but large

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : Girl Friend Experience, Shower Oral, Tongue Deep Kissing, 69

Value for money/recommend? : hmmm - not really

My experience/comments : I had problems contacting this WL last Friday but managed a contact today and booked an hour, based on the pictures in the ad and the pricing.

There were issues. 
#1. It has been around 23 years since she was 40
#2. The pictures do not show the real person - tey only show parts of the person - and not too accurately!
#3. She is traveling with a much younger Asian WL who placed the ad - Tracy hadn't seen the ad until I showed it to her.
#4. The BBBJ extra price was wrong. Tracy agreed to meet the advertised price.
#5. The 2 women are working from the same one bedroom apartment - time sharing the bedroom. When the other woman has a booking you need to get out of there - I had to take my clothes and dress in the bathroom.
#6. Tracy is happy to talk - a lot - which eats up time and makes #5 a bigger issue: timing.

So, trouble with the lifts and security - they are in the brand new apartments in Mort Street and you need an access card to use the lift. Imagine my surprise when the lift door opens and a fairly old woman is there - I thought it was a mamasan - but no..................

But - I'm horny so we get to the bedroom, hand over the cash, sort out the financials re the BBBJ and I ask about a shower - so some rearrangement in the main room while the other woman hides and I go use the shower - and back to the room where Tracy strips....

Quite a big tummy with 2 drooping breasts resting on it.... my mind flashes back to this site and the immortal TOFTT quote. 

Onward!

On the bed and a VERY passable BJ - it really was quite good and the wee drifter is responding well. "Watch in the mirror", she says (mumbles) as she positions herself. Er - not the best idea so I focus back on the BJ and we play that game for a while. Every now and again she pauses for a chat and I learn WAY too much about the previous Canberra punters - especially in relation to package size....

Eventually she lays back and suggests a bit of DATY would be a good idea. Yup. OK. I can do this - but it is pretty much a starfish experience so I suggest a dom and mish....

However, I am overweight and have a pretty large stomach. She has a pretty large stomach. The logistics are not entirely impossible and we manage to get things working - until I get cramp in my foot!

Sort that out and I am pretty disillusioned by now so I lie on my back, rip the dom off and suggest HJ to finish.

Done and done.

Have a quick shower and back in the room, about to get dressed and the other WL bursts in, changes the sheets, sprays deodorant around and tells me to go get dressed in the bathroom, she has an appointment arriving....

Overall? Not the best punting experience ever but certainly an experience,


Floor: #2
Post Time: 20th February 2017, 11:59 PM
Poster ID: Beyondkakui
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thank you for the review and TOFTT. I  am feeling rushed even by reading your review, can only imagine how you were feeling while had to get dressed in the bathroom.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 25th February 2017, 05:17 PM
Poster ID: drifter2914
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Well, a week later and, despite her comments, not a lot has changed. Tracy said her friend looks after her advertising for her. One picture has changed. The BBBJ fee is still the same and her age is still seriously underestimated. 

Thanks for the comment, Beyondkakui, yes, it was a bit rushed. Tracy had mentioned they would be moving to a different apartment with 2 bedrooms in a different area of town. I asked if she meant Argyle or Monterey and she said no - Kingston.


