Thread Title: Trinity - Reid - 0409 537 976
Floor: #1
Post Time: 22nd July 2010, 11:51 PM
Poster ID: Captain Jack Sparrow
Post Title: 
 Trinity - Reid - 0409 537 976
				
Post Content: 
Saw this ad in The Canberra Times -

AFFECTIONATE very busty, curvy red head, playful sensual times, no smsTRINITY ~ 0409 537 976.


I couldn't get through when I called but she promptly returned my call. She charges $110 for half hour FS and operates out of an apartment in Reid. 

She is about size 14-16 with an attractive face. Tight butt, big juicy boobs...and very natural bush down south! She said she was 30 and i believe her. The apartment is well kept and has a nice shower. The experience was very fun and light and she does a mean CBJ. She was quite fascinating and I was suprised how it didn't feel like I was with a bigger girl. Tried CG and missionary and she seemed totally into it with personality to boot! Definately very down to earth and sensual and value for money....heads and shoulders above the $100 half hour Asian WL experience. 8/10.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 13th November 2012, 06:40 AM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Trinity

Establishment : Private working Lady

AFFECTIONATE ? BUBBLY BUSTY REDHEAD Excite, tease & play 11-17 TRINITY- PH 0409 537 976

Date of Visit : 12/11/2012

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Apartment in Civic.

Argyle Executive Apartments, Currong Street, Reid, Australian Capital Territory - Google Maps

Hours of Business : Not sure

Rates : 130 per 30 mins, 170 per 160 mins (full service).

I had the 30 minutes.

Age : 30 - 40.

Size/shape : BBW, at least an 8, at least 36 bust

Nationality or Ethnicity : Caucasian (local)

Services Provided : Full Service.

Value for money/recommend? : Not entirely convinced, but worth a second look.

My experience/comments : 

Trinity was relatively easy to get hold of. She answered the phone within half a dozen rings and was quite happy
to say she was available on another day. Once there, the procedure is to call for the unit number. Again, she
answered quickly.

Finding the unit was not so quick. The directories near the letter boxes (near the drives) don't list all the
units. The trick is that the first drive contains only the garages of the high numbered units for which pedestrian
access is from the next drive (2nd after Boolee St). Neat eh ?

I hope this saves someone standing around like a dork as I was. In fact, rather than case the place like the Pink
Panther I needed a resident to offer directions. She must have thought it her good deed for the day, helping the
intellectually disabled.

Trinity opened the door for me (she was behind it) to reveal a large pale lady in what looked like maternity
wear. Her bosom is large and abundant (and yes, does offers pneumatic bliss) and corsetted in a fairly
large bra. Her complexion is clean, eyes bright and cheeky, and her hair a dark red probably of chemical
origin. Did I say she was well stacked ? Those seeking anorexic models or even the most common young
asian profile will be disappointed. Bitterly. 

We settled and she showed me the towel in the shower, invited me to strip and shower and left me to to it. 
She also told me that the toilet was behind the bathroom door, a staggering innovation in domestic design.

Out of the shower and into the bedroom. She fills the arms very nicely and allows tongue-free kissing on the lips,
and tongue-ful kissing elsewhere. I didn't go to town on this apart from her tat decorated shoulders. 
She dommed me up pretty slickly and gave me a nice suck while sitting on the edge of the bed.
The view down was good but perhaps the stroke length and pressure of the suck were a little down. I'd have
preferred a bit more of the 'suck a golfball through a garden hose' variety, but I am sure that this was meant to be
a prelude to something more substantial for those up to it.

"We don't want to get you too excited" (or something like that), along with an invitation to lie down
concluded phase 1. So we lay and with her cuddling me, I had a go at kissing and sucking her breasts.
Her nipples are either short or taking it easy, so I found this a bit hard going. Not bad, but a bit like work.

At this point, with the barest of extra stimulation from my partner, I filled the bag. Pretty much standard for me.
And the session petered out with some quiet stroking in peaceful silence. Perhaps it would have been
better if she'd had a go at getting me hard again, perhaps she thinks this is the customers
responsibility. Either way, I had paid for thirty minutes and was getting close to using it.

"Next time, maybe we can get the first one out of the way quickly so you can have another go". 

Trinity seems a cheerful and happy soul, probably accurately described by her ad. She looks interested and up
for stuff. After reading Captain Jacks review of a few years ago, I have been wanting to see her. Although
I was a bit disappointed, fair minded readers should realise that this not the fault of the lady. For my
wants and (lack of) ability, there is probably better value around, and ladies more suited to my
handicaps, but I'd expect most men would find their hands full of Trinity, and she looks like she gives back
generously.

Trinity visits only every 5 - 6 weeks for 7 days. If you don't see her before Sun 18/11/12 you will need to wait until
Jan or Feb since Trinity says her customers spend their readys on their kids and not themselves over Christmas.
That, and the fact that everyone leaves Canberra at that time.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 14th November 2012, 09:15 PM
Poster ID: ABC_Bonker
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by fartichoke


Finding the unit was not so quick. The directories near the letter boxes (near the drives) don't list all the
units. The trick is that the first drive contains only the garages of the high numbered units for which pedestrian
access is from the next drive (2nd after Boolee St). Neat eh ?

I hope this saves someone standing around like a dork as I was. In fact, rather than case the place like the Pink
Panther I needed a resident to offer directions. She must have thought it her good deed for the day, helping the
intellectually disabled
"""



I concur that the numbering system for the Argyle Executive Apartments are very confusing and have also drawn knowing looks from residents when I have been wandering  around searching for the right door :P  (Probably thinking, and correctly, here is another one of those undesirable punters)  :P

BTW, I did send a  pm to you but your mailbox is full.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 14th November 2012, 09:18 PM
Poster ID: ABC_Bonker
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Apologies, somehow got a duplicate posting up here


Floor: #5
Post Time: 15th November 2012, 08:53 AM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
There's a problem with duplicate posts that is being worked on. 

This post is simply to see if the suggested workarond of nuking cookies after logout prevents the duplicate.

(ABC_Boinker: I have PMs from my inbox if you want to post again)


Floor: #6
Post Time: 11th May 2014, 08:03 PM
Poster ID: Lustvader
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Trinity

Establishment : private

Date of Visit : May 2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0409 537 976

Hours of Business : unknown

Rates : $180/45m ($130/30m, $220/hr)

Age : mid-30s

Size/shape : 14, DD, curvy, borderline BBW

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : FS

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : Trinity's CT ad ('Affectionate busty, bubbly, redhead...') is pretty accurate.  She is not a stunning beauty -- and, importantly, does not claim to be -- but makes up for it with an infectious cheeky grin, cheerful manner and passionate service.  Unfortunately, she does sport a few massive tattoos on her back and shoulders... (sigh!)

She greeted me enthusiastically and, once the preliminaries were out of the way, enjoyed being kissed and reciprocated willingly -- certainly no starfish.  I enjoyed playing with and sucking on her tits and she seemed to like it too; she also gave as good as she got in this department if, like me, you love your nipples being licked and sucked by a sexy lady.

Trinity's CBJ was very good and, if I hadn't popped a blue pill before the booking, possibly could have ended the session for me then and there.  Instead, I was ready for a good shag, and at my request, she impaled herself on His Hardness.  Trinity rode me for quite a while, at times leaning forward and kissing me, or leaning back and letting me knead her breasts, until Little Richard managed to escape her tunnel of lurv.  Then it was time to doggy and we smiled at each other in the wardrobe mirror as I thrust steadily, grasping her hips.  Trinity has a great firm arse and watching her cheeks jiggle made me even harder.  I had intended to switch to mish and cum then, but this was going so well I decided to go for the finish and filled the dom inside her.

After she gently cleaned me up, we had a nice talk for a while until my time was almost up, another quick shower, a tight hug and a couple more kisses, and I was off.  A good punt.


