Thread Title: Vanessa Hart - Canberra (tour) - 0432 210 387
Floor: #1
Post Time: 18th October 2014, 07:34 PM
Poster ID: Lustvader
Post Title: 
 Vanessa Hart - Canberra (tour) - 0432 210 387
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Vanessa Hart

Establishment : private

Date of Visit : August 2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0432 210 387 | Vanessa Hart Private Melbourne Escort | About Vanessa Hart Australian International Companion

Hours of Business : unknown

Rates : $360/hr (with 10% discount)

Age : 30

Size/shape : 12-14, 6'1", D cup

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : FS

Value for money/recommend? : Marginal

My experience/comments : I first learned of Miss Hart's impending arrival in the capital from her Cracker ad, then looked up her PG profile and ultimately her own website.  The main thing that made her stand out was her height: tall Amazons are a weakness of mine.

Vanessa was staying in an apartment hotel on Northbourne Avenue popular with visiting PWLs so I trod a very well-worn path to her door.  In her heels, she looked down at me with a cheeky smile as I entered the suite.  I sized her up: (very) tall, dark blonde hair that could've been better coiffed, plain but intelligent face, fake tits but not too obvious, bit of baby fat on the hips, nice big bum.  Although I was slightly disappointed that she's not a great looker, Vanessa makes up for it with a sexy, mischievous attitude and she didn't waste much time initiating a long, deep kiss.

We took our time on the couch getting familiar with each other's lips and tongues before moving to the bedroom.  After we'd both stripped off, she slipped a dom on Little Richard and gulped him down.  Vanessa's CBJ was work(wo)manlike but effective and a few minutes later I was ready to take her from behind standing up.  She bent over a desk, spread her cheeks and I penetrated her pussy easily.  As I fucked her, she moaned and talked dirty -- a bit over the top but it did the job of keeping me turned on.

Onto the bed we progressed and it was time for missionary up the Amazon.  There was some pretty obvious FOAM now but I didn't care and gave it to her hard until my little death finally arrived and I collapsed on her ample frame.  We lay back and chatted for a while until Little Richard was ready for some more attention.  Vanessa tried another CBJ, but as time was marching on, abandoned that for a HJ as she licked my nipple furiously.  As is often the case, the second load was smaller but squirted further and we had a job cleaning up the aftermath.

So it was a decent punt but, and this might just be my jaded inner punter talking, I would have expected a hotter WL for the price -- still, as a one-off, she was a fun root and I can't really complain.


