Thread Title: Violet - Canberra (tour) - 0414 170 628
Floor: #1
Post Time: 10th May 2014, 06:11 PM
Poster ID: Lustvader
Post Title: 
 Violet - Canberra (tour) - 0414 170 628
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : The Mistress (aka Violet) 

Establishment : private

Date of Visit : May 2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Wicked Mistress Wants Your Complete Submission. 0414170628 - canberra domination and BDSM services - backpage.com

Hours of Business : unknown

Rates : $250/30mins

Age : 30

Size/shape : 10, B-C cup

Nationality or Ethnicity : African-American

Services Provided : FS

Value for money/recommend? : Marginal (would be yes if $200)

My experience/comments : Another cold, grey and wet weekend so what better way to warm up than with a good (or not-so-good) woman.  I felt like something a bit different, so had a look at backpage for a change.  After pondering a hot-looking TS for all of two seconds (Ivana still fresh on my mind), I decided instead to try my luck with The Mistress, who promised to take me 'on a journey to self discovery, release, and fulfilment.'  Yeah, alright then.  I rang the number and an English-accented voice answered, so took that as a good sign (for some reason, I associate good dommes with upper-crust Englishwomen). I made it clear to her I wasn't interested in anything extreme (definitely no pain for this little black duck, thanks), just some role-play and light domination, and asked if sex was part of the deal.  By now, she knew she was dealing with a total noob and, given I wasn't looking for the hard stuff, we agreed on the slightly lower rate (she'd mentioned $300 initially).

She was staying in a serviced apartment on Northbourne Ave (I think this was my third time there on a punt, so now think of it as a bit of an upmarket Argyle).  I passed an Asian chambermaid on the way from the lift to the room and vaguely wondered if she might be up for a threesome...  When the door opened, The Mistress was as I'd hoped: extra tall.  This was the feature that had helped me decide to call her.  The Mistress is a 6-foot black Amazon, even taller with the stilettos she had on, so for once I had a WL looking down on me.  I hadn't known what I'd find, half-expecting an outfit of leather or latex liberally adorned with chains or metal studs and other BDSM paraphernalia.  Instead, she had on a see-through negligee with bra and panties underneath, black stockings and those very high heels.  I hoped she didn't notice the drool I felt sure must have appeared at the corner of my mouth.

After leading me to the bedroom-cum-dungeon (there was a riding crop leaning against the wall and some pink restraints on the bed) and dispensing with the finances, The Mistress accosted and groped me as requested.  She grabbed my crotch, I grabbed her boobs.  She squeezed my stiffening package, I squeezed her firm booty.  A bit of light kissing here and there, then I was pushed down on the bed as she began ripping my clothes off.  Once my shirt was open, she pinched both my nipples and I yelped, as she followed up the pain with pleasure: lovely licking and sucking.  Her hand found Little Richard hiding in my shorts and she expertly slipped on a dom and began a CBJ.  After I was fairly hard, she ordered me to remove what was left of my clothes.  At her command, I licked her big nipples and the Stones' 'Brown Sugar' played in my feverish mind.

The Mistress quickly got rid of her panties and I felt her wetness as we tried a bit of mish and doggy, her chocolate caboose a fantastic sight to behold.  She then ordered me to play with myself as she grabbed a vibe from the bedside table and pleasured herself.  I wasn't sure if this was part of a humiliation set piece or what but went with it, kneeling and wanking as she moaned.  Without warning she took Little Richard, still wearing his raincoat, in her mouth and sucked me hard till I came.  We had a bit of a chat afterwards for the remaining minutes, when I learned she is originally from Florida but lives in the UK (hence the accent), until it was time for me to go back out into the cold, but much warmer thanks to The Mistress.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 10th May 2014, 06:15 PM
Poster ID: Lustvader
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
The ad:

Wicked Mistress Wants Your Complete Submission. 0414170628 - 30
Posted: Friday, 9 May 2014, 12:49 AM
Reply: click here

Currently in Canberra until 10/5/14 
Melbourne 11/5-17/5 

THE MISTRESS


I am The Mistress, your guide to the wonderful world of BDSM. I will take you on a journey to self discovery, release, and fulfilment. I am a Goddess of Erotic Pain and Pleasures, I am 6ft tall, slim, voluptuous bottom, and mocha colored skin. I am the Amazon you dream of. Allow me to enter your mind, understand your deepest fantasies and desires, and guide you to a deep place of contentment.

Every encounter with me will be a new experience, I am the exquisite torturer of your dreams, and the School Mistress of your nightmares, or something inbetween. The point of the exercise is to dig deeper into yourself and reach those hidden places of profound pleasure.

As we get to know each other I will respect your limits, and as trust grows we can push beyond those limits in a safe and consenting environment.

Step into my dungeon.

THE TREATMENTS

Services I enjoy providing:
- Domination (from light to heavy) - Body Worship, - Foot Fetishes (all kinds) - NT, CBT - Strap Training, - Toys, Butt Plugs, Vibrators - Bondage, Immobilization, Restraints- Shackles and Chains - Caging - Gagging - Pleasure Denial - Caning, Spanking, Whipping, Paddling - Verbal and Physical Humiliation - Objectification - Tickling - Suspension - - Electrics - Role-Play - Domestic Feminisation 

SESSIONS

Ok slave you have gotten this far, so this means you are ready to enter the play area and be tortured by The Mistress, the violation can take many forms and shapes. It can be anything as simple as me spending the entire session kicking you around the room like the dog you are, or demanding that you worship your Mistress' beautiful bottom and c**t, or tying you up and making you watch me play with my lovely pink toys, or after whipping you like the pathetic little sissy bitch you are, emptying your wallet of all its contents. The punishments I can dish out are vast and various. My sexiest piece of Dom equipment is my mind. Being a true sadist I truly delight in inflicting pain on you, I will never cause irreparable damage, only repairable. Come and see me for a truly personalized and customized training session.

DOM LITE
This is a mild introduction to being dominated, now of course 'lite' is a relative term, this type of play is for the complete novice to the moderately experienced. I will determine what level you are at; as unfortunately in the past some individuals have let their googling fingers lead them into getting an extreme session, when they weren't ready for it.

MOD DOM
This is for my intermediate subs, there are various things involved, some involve pain, some involve humiliation and some involve verbal-you will never know what I might have up my sleeve. 

EXTREME DOM
Now this is where you get the best of your Mistress' attention and punishment, I will trample you, kick you, punch you, slap, spank, stick needles in you ball, and use you like my little bitch. I will whip you like you stole something or tried to run away. Come and let the Mistress let loose hell on you for her pleasure. 

EXTREME FANTASY-ROLEPLAY
Calling all virgins! Have you always wanted to be seduced by an experienced older woman, sophisticated, exotic, beautiful? Then look not further. I offer an intense Mrs. Robinson, or The Graduate Fantasy. Younger man, older woman. Female boss and her new employee, school head mistress and her young public school pupil, the fantasy lists goes on and on.

FETISHES
I do love fetishes. I offer you a tasting menu for your delight and perusal:

FOOT

BUM

HAND

SMOKING

STOCKING

SHOE

GLOVE

LIPSTICK
Just to name a few. 

SLAVES
I am currently in the market for the following slaves:
FINANCIAL
Requirements are: To totally spoil your Mistress with lovely presents on demand, no whining about not having the money, or the recession, or how you have bills to pay. Too bad! If you want to be my financial slave, it requires total dedication.
ERRAND
Requirements are: To be at my beck and call, when I am in town on tour, you will be required to pay tribute, and make sure that all the things I need before I arrive are ready and available. 
SHOE FETISH
I only want serious foot and shoe fetish slaves, this is for the slave who also has a serious eye on fashion, and who knows who Jimmy, Christian, and Manolo are. I have lovely size 8 feet. Which must be treated with care, the better to kick you with. 
GIFT
Your sole purpose in life is to buy me presents, but make sure you ASK what I want first before adding yet another bottle of perfume to my already over burdened dressing table. But since this is one of the easiest to get, Flowerhead, and La Tulpe both can be had at Mecca stores.

NOT INTERESTED IN

DOMESTIC-I haven't met a domestic slave worth a damn, usually just slave wannabes wasting my time. So, no spaces for domestic slaves.

RULES

A GOOD SLAVE.....
1. Always knows their place, which is at their Mistress' feet. 2. Is always on time. 3. Is eager to please their Mistress. 4. Worships their Mistress. 5. Is Clean. 6. Communicates with their Mistress, in the form of sighs, groans, mumbles, crying, and laughter - , begging is not a safe word. 7. Listens to their Mistress' every instruction, and welcomes more punishment and discipline with eagerness and gratitude. 8. Will NEVER critizie their Mistress. 9. Will be able to express their desires clearly and coherently to their Mistress. 10. Is aware of the rules.

Upon entering, the slave or submissive will stand, wait for me to summon them forward, gently shake MY hand, after I have been seated, the slave will follow suit. We will have a brief discussion as to be clear about the direction the session will take. The slave needs to have a clear idea about what they want. I do not accept engagements from slaves who want me to do what ever I want to them.

SUBMISSION
1.The slave or submissive will address me as MISTRESS, MADAME, GODDESS, OR PRINCESS at all times during the course of the session. 
2. The slave or submissive will be completely clean and presentable and ready for inspection by their MISTRESS at the beginning of the session.
3. If you have made and appointment for a session, and are unable to keep it, a timely phone call is required, failure to do this will be seen as a sign of disrespect to your MISTRESS, and result in no further appointments .
4. After the session, there will be a review and time to freshen up.
Poster's age: 30

• Location: Adelaide, Canberra, Darwin, Melbourne, Perth, Australia Wide

• Post ID: 4678703 canberra


Floor: #3
Post Time: 12th May 2014, 08:12 PM
Poster ID: Lustvader
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Just a postscript: I suspect The Mistress is in fact Jezebel St James Private Canberra Escort


Floor: #4
Post Time: 13th May 2014, 01:40 AM
Poster ID: lofty14u
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I am currently in the market for the following slaves:
FINANCIAL
Requirements are: To totally spoil your Mistress with lovely presents on demand, no whining about not having the money, or the recession, or how you have bills to pay. Too bad! If you want to be my financial slave, it requires total dedication.

Damn, there must be some losers around if someone puts their hand up for this rort!


Floor: #5
Post Time: 13th May 2014, 06:51 AM
Poster ID: Lustvader
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
We spoke about this afterwards as I'd seen this 'service' offered by other dommes as well.  I wondered aloud what these guys get out of doing this, just handing cash over to her with nothing to show for it.  She said she had no idea but it worked for her; sometimes they send her money, others take her shopping (and not to the local Kmart either).  Apparently, some guys just like being used, ordered around and forced to spend money on a woman.  Isn't that what a wife's for?


