Thread Title: Ya-Ya - Reid - 0411 075 399
Floor: #1
Post Time: 23rd November 2013, 03:36 PM
Poster ID: Travellerman
Post Title: 
 Ya-Ya - Reid - 0411 075 399
				
Post Content: 
YA-YA Sexy Asian, 19yo, sz 5, V. busty, hot body, fun, extra, in/out. 0411 075 399


I saw Ya Ya on Friday afternoon in Reid for a 45 min full service session which cost $150. She said she was from Laos and hadn't been in Canberra very long. This lady was 5'3" pretty face, slender legs and bum with a softer middle but not too bad. Her breasts were wonderfully enhanced C-D cups with responsive nipples that she didn't mind having played with. I was prepared to walk that day and I didn't have to, which is good from the Canberra Times raffle!


Shower was offered and take with decent water, soap and towels.


Started with a reasonable oil massage on my back with small talk before flipping over. Ya Ya was kissing all around but never delivered a BBBJ, she was about to dom me up for CBJ when I went exploring her body. She had a nicely shaped and trimmed vagina and, after getting her to relax, I went down for an extended session of DATY. She tasted nice and soon got into it when she realised I was determined to see her off. Lying down looking over her tummy and breasts as her eyes rolled back is one of the things that I enjoy in a punt and I was eventually rewarded.


The reason I enjoy actually getting the lady to cum is due to the service I get afterwards, in this case it was a sudden attack of kissing, groping and dragging me into her. My session did not feel automatic, impersonal or formulaic, rather it was just some solid horny fucking with no bullshit moaning.


After a couple of changes we finished in front of the full length mirrors with me in doggy. Ya Ya cleaned me up and gave me a great front massage with some more small talk before another shower.


Acid test, would I go back? A definite maybe. She's not the hottest girl out there, but the price was right and she got into the session, providing a decent service. No intel on BJ technique though.


Happy punting!


Floor: #2
Post Time: 3rd January 2014, 01:28 AM
Poster ID: abort1975
Post Title: 
 Yaya - Canberra - 0411 075 399
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : YaYa

Establishment : Argyle Apartments

Date of Visit : 2/12/2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0411 075 399

Hours of Business : Not sure

Rates : 1 hour $180

Age : Mid/Late 20s

Size/shape : Short and thin

Nationality or Ethnicity : Didn't ask but most likely Thai or Malay

Services Provided : FS

Value for money/recommend? : It was ok

My experience/comments : Visited YaYa beginning of the month. Went to the establishment and was greeted by a girl who looked familiar. After the monies was exchanged I had asked her if she was new to the place. She laughed and asked me if I do not remember her from the last time I saw her a year or so ago. After the shower was out of the way was told to wait on the bed while she took care of some things. After a few minutes she walked in undressed and asked if I wanted message or go into action straight away. Knowing myself I told her best to get the first one out of the way. So she jumped on top provide some kisses around the body but not on the lips. After a few minutes she threw on the dom and went down for some cbj for a short period then proceeded to go on top. After a few minutes I asked if I could go on top for some mish. She politely obliged and I went in plowing away until I was done.

After this she provided I nice message for a few minutes before we proceeded for round 2. All in all she is easy on the eyes and can is very friendly.


