Thread Title: Yuki- Turner- 0497 664 369
Floor: #1
Post Time: 10th June 2016, 12:10 AM
Poster ID: lt8
Post Title: 
 Yuki- Turner- 0497 664 369
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Yuki

Establishment : Private, Turner Canberra

Date of Visit : This week

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0497664369
Hello Hot guy in town, I am Yuki 100% Real Taiwan Porn model - Canberra escorts - cracker.com.au

Hours of Business : call to book. 

Rates : FS 120/hf hr, 200/hr

Age : 20

Size/shape : Size 6 170cm 32DD

Nationality or Ethnicity : Taiwanese

Services Provided : Massage and FS, extras-see link 

Value for money/recommend? : hot girl but avg experience.

My experience/comments : 

Decided to go out on a limb and try one of the many new ads popping up on cracker lately. Can't get any worse than Argyle right?!? 

Meetup was easily done via txt. Got to the apartment in Turner and was buzzed in. Greeted by Yuki who was not 20 yrs as said in ad...id say she was late 30s, nevertheless she was very hot, had a smokin body...nice dd natural tits. Leads me into her room- her apartment btw is nice and clean and i could hear a few girls in the other room havin a chat and a giggle. I opt for half hr and she gets me to undress. I walk over to her and give her a little hug and try a peck near her face to which she moves her head top speed sideways. Ok i think to myself...its gonna be one of those girls. Anyhow were both standing and she starts to sucks my nipples..not bad while im warming both my hands to her DD breasts. She had some nice nipples too. Some more nipple sucking while she jerks me off slowly and she goes to put the dom on...her method is a bit awkward but manages to get it on with her hands. Down on her knees and into a cbj which was very average- didnt have a good motion, a bit too slow and overall she just wasnt really into it. I was starting to lose my hard on just looking at her facial expressions so i try lying down on the bed and get her to suck me with her ass towards my face.  Not long after this she rolls over and opens up her legs ushering me into mish. Started off nice, she has really soft smooth skin for whatever age she is and like i said before a great set of tits...the view of her was very nice but again her face was almost expressionless! I start to pump harder and this makes her moan more...try to get a rub on her clit but she pushes my hand away...ok...so i grab her hand and use that to rub her clit! this works but then she grabs me with both her hands and pulls me in closer...maybe shes gonna cum? anyway i thought id give it all i got and pump away. She starts to moan loader and wraps her legs harder around my back at which i unload thrusting as deep as i can. She cleans me up with tissues and stands up and goes into the shower straight away to clean herself. Im done and at that point kinda just wanted to get outa there. On the way out, one of her housemates/maybe working girl is sitting having dinner and watching tv. Damn shes even more smoking hot! and heaps younger too! 
Anyway overall quite an average punt. Girl wasnt into it although she was pretty hot. Cracker has been flooded lately with hot asian ads. From my intel theres the usual Argyle girls- some more reliable than others and then this new wave of taiwanese girls who also work the Perth scene. If you look carefully on their ads there are some common/generic mobiles that prob goes back to a mamasan. Would i go back? mmm...prob not...its a bit of a luck of the draw with these girls. Visually they are very nice...but like this punt, pretty vanilla.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 10th June 2016, 09:07 AM
Poster ID: Stevegem
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Name: Yuki
 Age: 20 yrs old
 Size: 6
 Height: 170cm
 Breast Size : 32DD
 Nationality: Taiwan

 Occupation: Pure Uni year 1 Student !!!!
 100% Real Taken Photo Genuie photo NO FAKE
			
		

The above test is from the link above

Not only do they lie on the age, but it seems the trend now to sucker punters in is to mention in their ads that the pics are genuine not fake.
I have no doubt there are a few ads that are genuine, but there are plenty more which are corrupt to suck us in.


