Thread Title: Yuri - Canberra CBD - 0436 363 646
Floor: #1
Post Time: 7th March 2018, 11:55 PM
Poster ID: Beyondkakui
Post Title: 
 Yuri - Canberra CBD - 0436 363 646
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name:Yuri

Establishment: private

Date of Visit:March 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: Phone 0436 363 646, Web: ??Updated!!??VDO, PHOTO??Do ANAL, NAT BJ, CIM and ect.?Independent, Unique??Mix Korean/Thai - Canberra escorts - backpage.com.au

Hours of Business: Not sure

Rates: $130 / 30mins | $180 / 45mins | $230 / 60mins 
            Massage rates in Ad below

Age: late 20s

Size/shape:160cm, 60kg, medium size with B-C cup

Nationality or Ethnicity: Mixed Thai and Korean according to her

Services Provided: Full Service / Massage

Value for money/recommend?: Great value for money, unrushed service with great attitude

My experience/comments:

Taking a few weeks off, decided to try a few different things. Appointment was easy to make with Yuri via text. She operates from a self service apartment in Braddon.
The photos in her ad were photos of her, but slightly touched, her face is not as pretty as in her photos, but still decent. It is a pretty standard session but overall a great experience, certainly better than most of the fake ads on BP these days, here is a list of key points on reflection:

1. Yuri is probably in her late 20s, with decent body shape without being smoking hot. She is for real Thai and Korean mixed as she claimed, but mainly speak Thai (I speak a bit of Thai). Her face is a bit flat, breast are natural B-C cup and soft, decent size for her shape.

2. I found Yuri a very decent person, considerate and genuine, and connected with her well during the session. 

3. She got a great attitude, willing to please, love kissing and cuddling.

4. Her room is quite neat, clean towels. The other thing I really like about her is, she doesn't deem the light in the bedroom like most of other WLs do, which is bloody annoying. When I DATY, I want to see what I stick my tongue into...


Overall, I highly recommend Yuri, she will be here until 10th March, then going back to Sydney for a week, then back here again.

I rate Yuri on par with Tanya Li, Tanya is probably more engaging and wild in bed, slightly hotter body, Yuri is more a next door girl type, pleasant and much less FOAM compare to Tanya.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 22nd March 2018, 10:55 PM
Poster ID: 2horny
Post Title: 
 Yuri - private
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Yuri

Establishment : Private (in a hotel in Braddon)

Date of Visit : Mar 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : ??Updated!!??VDO, PHOTO??Do ANAL, NAT BJ, CIM and ect.?No disappoint??Mix Korean/Thai - Canberra escorts - backpage.com.au

Hours of Business : unknown

Rates : $130/30min + extras

Age : probably late 20s

Size/shape : short chubby.  not too chubby buf def. not slim by any measure.  note, I recently was with a Slovenian WL who had more of a gut.  and just last week was with a Korea WL who was slim and super sexy.  Yuri has a defined waist, so she hasn't just let herself go.  she's just not the skinny that i look for.  has some tatts too.

Nationality or Ethnicity : 1/2 Thia 1/2 Korean.  probably true as it's hard to really pin her looks.

Services Provided : CFS BBBJ and more

Value for money/recommend? : yes

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.):
value for money.  I normally go for skinny girls and Yuri wasn't skinny.  but her bbbj was among the best I've had.  and I've had a few.

Comms was easy and her english is good.  I found the hotel ok because I'd been there a few times before.  When I got into the room, Yuri was wearing a loose fitting top and she was hiding her girth.  I suspected it and I could tell from her face she was on the chubby side of the scale.  but she looked pleasant enough, her photos are real (more on that later), and we cut a fair deal for the services included.  Her room was a little lived in - only because it's so small.  The shower was ok.  When I finished the shower and came to her room, she got undressed and I lay on the bed.  Yuri got on top and started kissing me.  not passionate DFK but there was tongue.  we did the usual things.  I didn't get on top at all during the session, but I sometimes like it like that.  The script was : kissing, bj, sex, finish.

Her bbbj was the highlight.  excellent technique.  her lips stayed closed on my shaft the whole time.  up, down, up, down.  hands, spit, moaning.  i was thinking : if a girl had a g-spot in her mouth, this is probably what it would be like.

bbbj went on for a long time too.  no complaints there.  licking, looking, no deep throat though.  she will just keep on hoovering.

she has a hairless pussy, and I played with it for a little while she got the condom and lube.  probably likes to recv daty too.  but I didn't go there.

overall, her service is pretty good.  bbbj is highly rated.

but her photo although real, are stretched vertically.  giving the impression she is skinnier than she really is.

I've seen Yuri's ad for a long time and never ventured.  As I have a very strong preference for skinny girls, I won't return, not even for the great bbbj.  but I think guys who like a little booty, something to hold onto at night, will appreciate Yuri.


