Thread Title: Japanese massage shop 3, 128 Hindley St Adelaide 0426 366 690
Floor: #1
Post Time: 24th April 2018, 06:16 PM
Poster ID: LUNGOR
Post Title: 
 Japanese massage shop 3, 128 Hindley St Adelaide 0426 366 690
				
Post Content: 
I have already posted a shorter version of this review in the massage section but thought I should support the Bronze in the Adelaide community as well. This is an extended full review anyway:





ML name: San San

Date: April 2018

Shop: Japanese Massage, shop 3, 128 Hindley St Adelaide 0426 366 690

Hours 10am till late  

Rate: $60/30 min, $100/60 min

Services: massage , clothed HJ $50 !!

Person: mid 30's Chinese, medium build, B Cups, ok if nude I suppose 

My experiences:

Was in Adelaide for business and planning to have a punt to break my duck in the city, but Mrs coming along so timing is a challenge.

Saw two massage shops along Morphett St, standard signage but not yet walk in to check it out.

My plan is to straight out ask the shop/girl if part 2 is on, if not, won't waste time !

All in Chinese of course !

That massage shop at the corner of Morphett and Hindley you can forget about it. Went in. An older Chinese auntie greeted, had a few exchange and confirmed that its legit only . Walked back out. Almost gave up, walk down Hindley and saw a big massage sign inside an open arcade, Japanese massage, didn't have high hope, price is $100/hr. Like what the! Saw a milf Chinese lady then bingo, mission accomplished- but it's expensive and poor value, nevertheless, review coming.

Finally, had a RnT session in Adelaide........ lol

So, walking down Hindley after the disappointment at that Morphett street shop, saw the massage sign, Japanese massage, not sure what to expect but why not, walk in large empty space , one milf sat at the end come to greet me, wearing a tight chinese Cheung Sum style dress, mid to late 30's, average build, pleasant enough demeanour, in fact more like a mamasan than ML, not hugely busty, would be heavily padded anyway, but I have no time to waste, so if she is on, she'll do. 

Ask if she is Chinese and started talking mandarin. She asked me how long I said I only have 30 min, she said that would be $60, I lower my voice and asked if I can have a relaxation 可以有放鬆服務？she smiled and said yes. 

Into the room, which is full enclosed and wet wipes on the side table! Check ! I handed over $60 plus $50 tip, thinking that would give me the usual nude RnT , well, read on.......

So got naked and lay on the table, it's one of those with disposable cover, so sydney standard. San San came back and started the massage dry, didn't ask if I like strong or soft but she gave a medium massage and nothing to write home about.

10 min in, enough time wasted I thought so I told her I don't need any more hard massage , may be give me some soft massage .

She then changed to softer touching down on my legs and in between, a bit of oil too and light brushing of the butt. Better and sort of TT but not really hitting the spots, so it's still lack the erotic and sensual feelings.

So I decided I should turn over myself and let my semi face it's handler ....... haha

San San then moves right in and started to jerking. Still fully clothed, so I prompted to her to take her clothes off. 可以現在脱衣讓我看看姊姊的身材嗎？這裏沒有脱衣的。

那$50 小費就祇是打個飛機？
在 悉尼五十塊有脫衣的？是呀！在Adelaide 沒有的！

So the $50 tip is only for HJ ?
In Sydney you pay $50 and clothes off ? Yes !
But not in Adelaide!

Well, it's one of those situations where I can't win, so perhaps a bit touching is ok? So I moved my hand underneath her dress and she has nice toned legs, up to the bum and have a squeeze. I usually don't go between the legs so I move up to try to check out her breasts, she moved around a bit but no resistance and I reached up to the bra, gee, the dress is tight but I found the tits and so so A or B cupper, it's not possible for me to reach inside the bra and fully Cup the breasts so I gave up. Then San San hinted that for $100 she will go nude, well, thanks but no thanks - I have much better DD Cups and E Cups aplenty waiting for me in Sydney!

So let's get this over , ask for more oil....... ask her to use both hands........

Getting really close now, one hand back inside her dress and padding her bum and the other hand cupping her over dress and over that heavily padded thick bra....... lol and cum I did.

And a pretty ordinary HJ I must say, but mission accomplished and I had my first ever punt and shot in Adelaide! Oi Oi Oi.

I wished I had something more exciting to share, wasn't to be, we are so lucky in Sydney !

Cheers


Ps. BTW, there are a lot of massage shops in Adelaide. Must be at least a dozen in the CBD, surely not all of them are legit ?

I also spent a day at Glenelg Beach and walking along the tram line , easily counted 8 or 9 on both sides of the road, one in every side street almost. 

Also, in Chinatown and inside the Victoria market, there were two shops opposite each other. One Chinese and one Thai , surely some happy ending can be have among them ?? Right !

C'Mon Adelaide brothers , let's share some more ?


Floor: #2
Post Time: 25th April 2018, 09:02 AM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
These Adelaide massage girls wait eagerly for Sydney punters to pop over on business, just to give them a real shock and ore price rise experience lol


Floor: #3
Post Time: 25th April 2018, 10:47 AM
Poster ID: LUNGOR
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by brauninc


These Adelaide  massage girls wait eagerly for Sydney punters to pop over on business, just to give them a real shock and ore price rise experience lo
"""



If I were not so pressed for time and looking desperate, pretty sure I could have waited for her to start the TT and asked the question then negotiate, might not work but I have a feeling that a $20/$30 clothed HJ shouldn't be too hard, may be I shouldn't have tipped her $50 up front without the specifics, again, only the locals know best.

Cheers


