Thread Title: Magic touch massage Walkerville, Adelaide 0420880872
Floor: #1
Post Time: 10th November 2017, 02:38 PM
Poster ID: Krinkle
Post Title: 
 Magic touch massage Walkerville, Adelaide 0420880872
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Angela

Establishment : Magic Touch Massage, Walkerville

Date of Visit : 2/11/17 

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : A NEW MASSAGE SHOP. - Adult Services - Personals - NewsClassifieds 

Hours of Business : 9am-9pm

Rates : $40 half hour, $70 hour

Age : 21-25

Size/shape : slim, size 6-8

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : rub and tug

Value for money/recommend? : definately

My experience/comments :

i had had read some reviews on this place and as I was a bit sore and a bit horny thought I'd make a half hour hour booking to try it out.


The shop is set up with a reception and waitin area out front, looking all professional with coatings for various types of massage. There is a row of about 4 cubicles - with very thin walls. I was shown into a middle cubicle and told to wait for 4 minutes. Wasn't sure whether to nude up and wait so I just sat there like a dick for 5 minutes . I got bored so decided to strip and lay down and wait in the nude. 

While Le waiting I could here the unmistakable sound of a fellow gentleman getting tossed off - she was really giving it to him too. He exploded shortly after and my turn was next.

Angela walked in and confirmed half hour and I paid and waited. She returned and started to give light strokes up and down my body. I opted for a medium massage but will for a hard next time as it was a bit to soft. She gives a good massage with attention to knots and tight spots. She began to tease my hits and anus and then some bloke walks in the front door saying that he lives above and there is a problem with the phone lines and he would like to get into the ceiling! Ffs talk about a mood killer. 

Kelly (the other girl and the owner) explained that they were full of customers and he has to wait.  Drama averted and back to teasing my scrotum which she continued for 4 minutes or so before asking me to flip.

i was at full mast now and she said I could touch her arse under her dress (she had a thong on).

Not much of a front massage but I groped her arse and her tits on the outside which helped me get over the line. She cleaned me up and I walked out - she went straight into another session.

would I return? Yes , prices are cheap and touching is encouraged so there may be more on offer in the future. Very good value for money if you can deal with thin walls and the sounds of other men being jacked off.


