Thread Title: Maxx - Jasmine's Massage, Adelaide - 0430 403 552
Floor: #1
Post Time: 21st September 2016, 01:10 PM
Poster ID: Krinkle
Post Title: 
 Maxx - Jasmine's Massage, Adelaide - 0430 403 552
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Maxx 

Establishment : Jasmines Massage - Adelaide

Date of Visit : 14/09/16

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : jasminesmassage.com.au tel:0430403552. Cracker ad - http://adelaide.cracker.com.au/BodyR...urves/18147888

Hours of Business : 11-7pm

Rates : 180 per hour

Age : 25

Size/shape : full size 12, 5'2"

Nationality or Ethnicity : Caucasian 

Services Provided : rnt

Value for money/recommend? : yep & yep

My experience/comments : Jasmines massage is the reincarnation of the purple sofa in Adelaide. After trolling through cracker looking for a girl with big tits, decided on Maxx. She used to go by the name Georgie at purple sofa.

Arrived and had to wait 10 minutes in the waiting room, which fucked me off a bit as I had shot to do that day. Had to cut session back to 45min as a result. 

Anyhow was shown to the room, and paid the receptionist, then got naked on the table and awaited for the tits to come in. Maxx came in, traced her finger tips along my legs and butt crack which had me barred up. 
She stripped down, to reveal a bit fuller figure than I thought, but MASSIVE natural cans. 

She he strated by laying down the rules - you can touch but anywhere except my cunt. All good by me. She uses oil mixed with water which is weird but it's good cos you don't have excess oil on afterwards. Decent enough massage, good pressure, even got a few knots out. Time to flip and my donger is rock hard. I start playing with her bum and for a 'thick' girl it's bloody firm. She complements me on my penis and I enquirer about extras.

she doesn't do extras but said her friend Honey can suck me off for $50 - who am I to refuse. Honey comes in, gets naked and puts the Condom on me, I'm allowed to touch her too. So here I am sucking on huge tits, groping the other arse and being sucked off by a hottie!

wasnt long before a blew my load. There was just something about having another girl watching her mate suck my cock that got me owner the line.

Maxx said she will be doing extras on the future, so I said hopefully I'll be your first!

session ended with sponge down and i left with a shit eating grin on my face


Floor: #2
Post Time: 15th December 2016, 07:34 PM
Poster ID: Krinkle
Post Title: 
 Jasmine's Massage - Honey 0430 403 552
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Honey

Establishment : Jasmines Massage, Cowandilla, Adelaide

Date of Visit : 14/12/16

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : http://adelaide.cracker.com.au/BodyR...honey/15114007. tel:0430403552 http://www.jasminesmassage.com/

Hours of Business : 11-7pm

Rates : 180per hour + extras

Age : early 20's

Size/shape : slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : r&t cbj

Value for money/recommend? : yep

My experience/comments : 

Saw an ad on Cracker for Honey saying she's back for December and January (I think she was moving interstate).

Now I first met Honey a few months ago when I had a massage with Maxi. When I asked Maxi about extras she said she doesn't do oral but her friend Honey would gladly suck my cock for a fifty.

now to there session:

I guess a normal or massage meet - pay get told to Li down naked and await her return. She comes back shortly and I watch her strip off. For a slim girl she's got some great tits. She states on fracker they are a c cup but that's probably a bit optimistic, probably a big b cup but they are fucking firm.

her arse is simply magnificent, tight toned small and a bubble shape. She starts the massage doing my head and shoulders arms etc, and does a pretty good job of getting some knots out. She uses acted oil by the way. She moves down my back to my butt and legs, uses long strokes on the legs up to the anus. She doesn't explore the butthole too much (to my disappointment), but does graze over the area a fair bit.

i am hard at this point and she asks me to turn over, ang fly cup her arse with one hand and grab her tit by the other. Here she asks if I'm interested in some cocksucking. On cbj but hell yeah do it babe!

she goes and gets a franger from another room and comes back, rolls it on and starts suck get away. She's a good oral giver and thlook of concentration on her face is awesome! I don't usually cum from head jobs so she sort of half wanks me while sucking and I explode in the dinger.

as we had some time left I asked for a head massage which was also nicely done.

overall I'd giv her a 7 - not the biggest fan of cbj and I like girls with bigger tits, but if you're after a girl next door type then go for her, a pretty girl sucking your cock is sight to behold!

ill be back but will probably see one of the other girls with bigger boobs next time.


