Thread Title: Queena - TBC   - Myaree WA - 9330 2856
Floor: #1
Post Time: 15th October 2015, 01:07 PM
Poster ID: kindcolourwolf
Post Title: 
 Queena - TBC   - Myaree WA - 9330 2856
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Queena

Establishment : TBC (Therapeutic Body Centre)

Date of Visit : 14/10/15

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 9330 2856 / 4/4 McCoy St, Myaree

Hours of Business : 10am-9pm 7 days

Rates : 70/hour

Age : 25-30

Size/shape : Tall and built

Nationality or Ethnicity : Taiwanese

Services Provided : CBJ, HJ, ball teasing

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : Eager for a good BJ so headed down to see Queena.. Her massage was pretty good, as she also had some legit massage trainings before..
Did not want the massage to end too quickly so just went with the flow.. Chatted freely during the massage and she seemed to be very concentrated on her massage! However there were also some teasing at the groin area everytime her hands were near.
After agreeing with the extras and usual hot towel excursion, she took her clothes off and her body was amazing. Those gigantic boobs and sexy legs were so good to stare at. She started to spanish my fella and suck my balls. Her BJ technique was out of the world and every stroke was so heavenly!! I was busy roaming her body meanwhile and after a good few minutes I had a very soothing release.. She even started to sweat and she said she felt nervous servicing a good looking guy :shy: 

In conclusion very good CBJ and definitely recommended


Floor: #2
Post Time: 27th October 2016, 07:54 PM
Poster ID: d39833
Post Title: 
 Jessica - Theraputic Body Massage, Myaree, WA
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jessica

Establishment :  Theraputic Body Massage, Myaree, WA

Date of Visit : 29/09/2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Unit 4, 45 McCoy Street, Myaree 6154,  http://perth.cracker.com.au/FemaleEs...r-men/14134858

Hours of Business : 10am till late

Rates : $70 an hour, Standard Extras

Age : Late 20's

Size/shape : C cup, slim (Best fakes ever)

Nationality or Ethnicity : Korean

Services Provided : HJ, Topless/nude

Value for money/recommend? : Definitely!

My experience/comments :

Jessica is a Korean Beauty. She has a superb body with an above average face. Her best features are her boobs. They are implants but the most perfect ones out there and feel better than the real ones to touch.
I go for a 1 hr session since any thing less feels too short for me. She starts her massage on the back using her legs to perform uniform strokes from top to bottom. It gets a little monotonous after a while. She them moves to the butt and legs. Every stroke on the legs touches the tackle making it very enjoyable. On the flip we discuss the extras. I go for the standard $50 THJ. Off come her clothes revealing one of the most perfect bodies ever. She starts off by gently stroking mr. johnny. Her technique is nice and slow and sensual. Her boobs are the best. Too bad she does not let you suck on them. Unlike other girls who like to finish the tug quickly she takes her time, nice and slowly for over 20 min and then I cum in the most explosive manner ever shaking like there's electricity passing through my body. 

Will definitely see her again.


