Thread Title: Alexa
Floor: #1
Post Time: 6th May 2017, 08:25 AM
Poster ID: Clamboy
Post Title: 
 Alexa
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Alexa

Establishment : Home

Date of Visit : 6/4/2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Private Liverpool NSW

Hours of Business : 3pm-3am

Rates : Massage 
30 min $150
45 min $175
1 hr $200

Age : 30

Size/shape : Nice

Nationality or Ethnicity : Latina

Services Provided : Massage

Value for money/recommend? : YES

My experience/commentsHi guys was on the other day looking threw Locanto i usually go into cracker but thought i might change it up a bit. So messaged a few and got a quick reply from Alexa, i asked for some pictures to see if it was here as ive been burnt in the past with fake photos. She sent me to face shots with sunnies and i was impressed but the threw me a curve ball and rang me up.

We started talking and this chick could hold a conversation it was like i had know her for years as we were on the phone for at least 10mins i told her i was leaving so i could get out there ASAP.

So she gave me directions and told me where i would find parking as they were doing road works found some on street parking and buzzed myself in. Aleaxa opened the door and she looked good but she was still in her normal clothing and wasnt ready and she appoligised and she was starving and offered me some of her lunch. Her hours are 3pm - 3am but she made an exception for me LOL.

So we started chatting again and she poured me a drink i jumped into the shower and got out with only a towel and our conversation keep on going she slowly turned off the lights and turned on all the candles and jumped into the shower.

Then she asked if i could close my eyes as she had a surprise for me so i covered up and she jumped into her room and i eagerly waited she opened the door and OMFG she had this sexy lingere on if u touched my jaw at that stage it would of shatteted she looked amazing i helped her clip up her suspenders and we both stat down and had a drink.

So i jumped onto the massage table and she proceeded to give me a great rub it felt good and she knew what she was doing as she rubbd my arms she lifted it up and made sure i was touching her breasts which was nice then the other arm and once she lifted my arm i noticed her top was off and i was toucing her breast again. 

It was time for me to roll over and she grabbed my arm and this time it was her pussy i was touching minus her briefs so i started to rub and i could tell she was enjoying it as she was getting wet second arm and more touching more moaning this was going great in my eyes.


Then she moved away and asked me to close my eyes as she wanted to give me another present i was in shock and told her as long as she doesnt put anything where it shouldnt go im fine with it, she then whacked rubber and started giving me an amazing covered BJ she really know how to give head and she was sucking like a porn star LOL. She then jumped on and was hitting my cock with her ass and she said if i wanted to fuck her as she was really horny i appoligised as i really wanted to but didnt have the extra funds she we both have this organised for my next visit

So to cut a long story short i blewmy load both jumped into the shower and we cleaned each other up.

Stay tuned for Round 2


Floor: #2
Post Time: 6th May 2017, 08:29 AM
Poster ID: nextlif
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Where is Alexa located? City and suburb should be included in all reviews. Is she a private worker or Massage Parlour?


Floor: #3
Post Time: 6th May 2017, 08:32 AM
Poster ID: Clamboy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Post has been edited


Floor: #4
Post Time: 6th May 2017, 08:34 AM
Poster ID: nextlif
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
So shes a private lady? Could you read my PM to you again regarding where to post your reviews please?

We also need a phone number.And a link to her web advertising would be helpful.

Sighhh....


Floor: #5
Post Time: 6th May 2017, 04:13 PM
Poster ID: Clamboy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Ok guys she is in Liverpool NSW in a private apartment. She does Massage with extras and i found her add in Locanto


Floor: #6
Post Time: 6th May 2017, 04:57 PM
Poster ID: nextlif
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Ok..Ill try one final time Clamboy. Im getting sick of telling you this.

-We need a phone number for this lady.
-Your reviews of private ladies go in the General Forums, not here. The Bronze Lounge is for reviews of massage parlour ladies.
-Can you post a link to her Locanto ad?


