Floor: #1
Post Time: 25th July 2017, 06:47 AM
Poster ID: trapper
Post Title: 
 Alexa - Warwick Farm/Liverpool - 0405 964 156
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Alexa

Establishment : Private    Personal Climax Coordinator - Alexandra at your service - Sydney body rubs - cracker.com.au

Date of Visit : 3 weeks ago

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 


Hours of Business : 10am-10pm

Rates : 150/180/200 -  30/45/60

Age : Around 30

Size/shape : Voluptuous, solid,not fat though

Nationality or Ethnicity :European 

Services Provided : Massage +HJ extras available

Value for money/recommend? : GVFM

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

Paid this one a visit a few weeks ago, easy to communicate with and made an appt for the next day.
Parking is a real bitch around here due to the number of apartments in the area, Alexa will let you into the underground parking where she lives, so that was fairly straightforward.
Had a quick shower on arrival and decided to stay the hour,very nice premises in a security apartment with parking below, Alexa is warm and friendly ,attractive, a little on the larger side ,probably 10-12, but a body most men would like,she encourages a lot of touching, bodyslides and finishes you off with a HJ, she doesn't mind it when you play with her while she finishes you off.
She's negotiable with extras  as she says in her ad, but I just elected for the straight massage/HJ.
I would certainly return if in the area.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 25th July 2017, 10:06 AM
Poster ID: milfaddict
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
You beat me to it! Saw her a little while ago was going to post a review last night Haha! Thanks for the review


Floor: #3
Post Time: 25th July 2017, 11:49 AM
Poster ID: milfaddict
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name :  Alexa/Alexandra

Establishment :  Private home in Warwick Farm

Date of Visit :  June 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :  0405 964 156 - http://sydney.cracker.com.au/BodyRub...rvice/53877038

Hours of Business :  Varies, she had agreed to see me after midnight one night. I suggest calling to see availability.

Rates :  $200 per hour

Age :  mid 30s

Size/shape :  Voluptuous, C cup breasts very round ass.

Nationality or Ethnicity :  European

Services Provided :  Massage with HJ. Extras offered

Value for money/recommend? :  Yes

My experience/comments : Was in the process of organising some reviews (have a bit of a backlog) and trapper beat me to it!

Alexa/Alexandra is a very down to earth woman and very easy to get along with. Parking is scarce around her apartment block but I was able to find one. Her apartment is also very clean, and shower facilities are offered, including offering to help you wash off the oil afterward.

Her service is very passive, she waits for you to take the lead and also discusses extras. I was offered a BJ and FS but declined both. Didn't discuss prices for them and didn't find out if it was BBBJ.

She is a decent masseuse but very soft. Probably would have gone harder if I asked for it but I was happy relaxing. She is very encouraging of touching of her, but is a clean freak (in a good way). So no touching of yourself then her etc.

On the flip, and she gets into all sorts of positions while stroking you, giving you access to her whole body. She does not do any front body slide like her ad lead me to believe which was a bit of a downer but it was still very enjoyable.

She is also definitely not a clock watcher and was chatty afterward. Only really needed me to get a move on when she got another booking. She offered to help me wash the oil off after in the shower which was a nice touch.

I suggest giving her a try, and treating her well. Not often you get this kind of service in a private setting. It's a little expensive, but you are paying for an attractive, voluptuous massage lady in a very clean and comfortable setting.


