Thread Title: Amber Ray - Sydney CBD - 0405 854 344
Floor: #1
Post Time: 8th November 2019, 01:14 AM
Poster ID: xxxDameonxxx
Post Title: 
 Amber Ray - Sydney CBD - 0405 854 344
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Amber Ray

Establishment : Private, Sydney CBD

Date of Visit : 12.10.2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://scarletblue.com.au/escort/amber-ray

Phone : 0405 854 344

Hours of Business : Appointment only

Rates : 300 for Massage

Age : 30s

Size/shape : 10 Curvy

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : Massage

Value for money/recommend? : Yes.

My experience/comments : While I was searching for massage, I came across amber's add. Decided to contact her and she was very responsive. Manged to get a booking on the day I wanted. Got to her place and knocked on the door, amber was as described in the photos. She is probably in her mid to late 30's which was fine by me. The place was nice and clean.

 Had a shower and Amber started the massage. It was a good massage but she is kind of new to the massage scene so it was not the best. The body slide was good. Her skin was smooth. I was allowed to touch her everywhere. It was a turn on. What I liked about her was once the ice was broken she was easy to talk to and was across many topics. I was able to connect with her. Because the massage became repetitive I asked whether I could massage her and she agreed. She asked whether to face down or up and I asked her to face down. It was worth it because she was super curvy and it was a sight. I massaged her starting at her legs up to her shoulders. It was fun for a while but I got tiered afterwards. Once I had enough sightseeing I told her I was done. By this time the time was getting close so she decided to finish me off as it was only a 45 min massage. I must say we had a nice chat throughout the massage at one point we were just chatting about her life as it got so interesting.

 Once done I had a quick shower and left after giving her a hug. It was not a rushed service and may be would be better the second time around. She was lovely to talk to and someone I would even keep as a friend if I see her on a social setting. Not to mention she was good looking.

 My rating would be:
 Looks : 8/10
 Body : 9/10
 Attitude : 9/10
 Communication : 9/10 (very easy to converse with her)

 Would I return : Definitely thinking of seeing her again.

 Just a Note: I am new to this scene and looking to find a tantra teacher or a sex teacher as I found I have very little knowledge in this area and pleasing a women. After, rather embarrassing start to my sex life and constant struggle I have decided to seek out for a professional. But I have not been successful in finding the right person so if you guys can suggest someone that would be great. Though amber was great I am not sure whether she would be the right teacher. It just didn't feel like she was right.


