Thread Title: Amy - Dean Park - 02 9837 6565
Floor: #1
Post Time: 5th June 2013, 02:07 PM
Poster ID: Mabza
Post Title: 
 Amy - Dean Park - 02 9837 6565
				
Post Content: 
Establishment and/or person's Name: Amy

 Contact Details/Address: Amy operates out of a (her?) house which is in Dean Park phone 9837 6565, I will let her provide an address

 Hours of Business: not known                                                                                                                                                                                        
                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Prices: $25 for 30 minutes, $40 for 60 

 Age: Older, estimate minimum of 50s

 Size/shape: Bit of tummy happening here

 Nationality or Ethnicity: Chinese

 Services: Good massage with an option of discounted 'sexy massage' at the end 

 Value for money/recommend?: Depends on what you are looking for.

 My experience/comments: Amy advertises in the legit section of the local paper and from my observations this isn't a bad place to start.  Amy's ad didn't have the 'no sex' qualification - my observation is ads with this qualification are premises to consider visiting.  Anyway the ad stated remedial, relaxation massage best and cheapest $25. The place is not far from Quakers Hill Kylie and I later got to wonder maybe Amy is Kylie's mum. When I arrived Amy, who has a voice like a long term smoker, opened the door shielding herself from the outside and ushered me to a room and told me to get it all off.  A competent massage followed with no real indication of anything to come.  For me a gauge is touching the girls (in this case) womans leg to note the response which sort of indicates the path from there.  Anyway Amy then announced when the 30 minutes was finished I could have some more time for a sexy massage for $5 - curiosity got the better of me and I agreed.  When sexy massage time arrived Amy said she would just be a minute and announced she was going to the next room to take her clothes off and would be back.  Sure enough Amy returned with something akin to bicycle shorts on and gave a teasing massage to the back and then got me to roll over.  Amy was quite keen for me to rub one of her breasts and then rubbing her crutch through the pants.  At my suggestion she told me 'no suck' so that didn't happen.

I would recommend Amy for the older punter and suspect that if you were interested continued patronage may reap rewards.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                So, is this the cheapest? Though we need a rating system as to be cheap implies that you are getting some extent of value for money.  Not that I am saying Amy doesn't offer value


Floor: #2
Post Time: 5th June 2013, 02:12 PM
Poster ID: Mabza
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Forgot to mention - number rings out and my mobile states line is busy.  Phone doesn't ring when you are there and I feel it is only answered when Amy is not on the job.  I did get through prior to 9am and made my booking.  I arrived early, drove past and there was a car parked out front.  Rang from down the road, phone rang out.  Can see the house from a nearby shopping centre so I went to the huge pet shop and from there noticed the car leaving.  Rang again answered, I am here early - come on down


Floor: #3
Post Time: 5th June 2013, 02:46 PM
Poster ID: BiggusDickus
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Amy has been around for over 30 years. She was in Victoria Road Rydalmere prior to moving out west a coupla years ago.
If saggy tits with a skin condition and a baby oil (No Frills) full body rub is what you're after she is definitely the cheapest and most consistent masseuse CML and possibly one of the oldest still working those foreskins in Sydney.
The massage is fairly average. If you have a good imagination then by all means she used to be VFM, but the distance out in the burbs where she is now probably is counterproductive economically speaking. You can get better VFM by saving your petrol and seeing someone closer in towards the City. Especially Newtown or Hurlstone Park. IMHO she is worth trying once so you know what being a poor punter is about. But becoming a regular whilst there are so many other punts to be had is possibly the reason why she has not been reviewed before. That and a thing called embarrassment.
Just MO.

Mods this thread should probably be in the Private Massage section.

Biggus


Floor: #4
Post Time: 6th June 2013, 01:15 AM
Poster ID: BadAussieBoy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by BiggusDickus


Mods this thread should probably be in the Private Massage section.

Biggu
"""



Done.

Thanks Biggus.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 11th June 2013, 03:53 AM
Poster ID: travelmate
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
this is very scary for Travelmate


