Thread Title: Angela - Parramatta - 0450 522 051
Floor: #1
Post Time: 11th October 2017, 09:40 PM
Poster ID: AussieGuy1968
Post Title: 
 Angela - Parramatta - 0450 522 051
				
Post Content: 
Person's name: Angela

 Establishment: Private apartment

 Date of visit: 11 October 2017

 Contact details: NUDE MASSAGE with French happy endin(blow job)real pictures, D cup, size 8 - Sydney body rubs - cracker.com.au

 Hours of business: Contact direct for hours

 Rates: $90/30min, $130/60min - I opted for 90min which funnily enough was $90 + 130 

 Age: Mid to late 20's although could easily pass for 24 advertised

 Size and shape: Her pics do not do her justice.  Typical size nothing Asian with nice tits, lasered pussy and cute dreamy eyes you could stare into all night

 Ethnicity: Korean

 Services provided: Nude Body to Body, CBJ, HJ plus surprises

 Value for money / recommend: $220 for 90 minutes was unexpected but turned out to be money well spent

 My experience / comments:  Having been on the lookout for a diamond amongst the rock, I spotted Angela's ad on Cracker and sent a quick text.  Booking with Angela is easy although due to repair work at her flat, a phone call will make easier entrance (had a laugh about faulty twin towers and a sick fig tree)

Angela is a refreshing change to the usual bait and switch in the area... young, gorgeous and as per her ad.  After a slight confusion about the fee (my fault as didn't clarify the 90min gift) it was into the shower.  To my surprise I noticed Angela strip and what a sight.. She quickly joined me in the shower for a playful wash... this girl is cheeky.

Onto the bed for a nice medium massage and then into a sensual body to body slide.  Plenty of skin on skin contact and light play before flipping.  More oil and more sliding as Angela slides up and looks deep into your eyes.. She jokingly asks "Would you like to fuck me?" and silly me assumes this is part of her dirty talk.  On with the dom and some slow CBJ before a HJ to finish.  Angela's English is excellent and we had no trouble engaging in conversation.  I tend to be the gentleman on first visits, gauging what the ML offers without asking, but on questioning, it appears this ML is up for almost anything if she likes you (Yep already booked my next 90 min)

A nice cuddle, a shower together to rinse off and a I am on my way.

All in all, if you are looking for a GFE type body to body massage with a cute, cheeky Asian girl then you can't go too wrong with Angela.  Treat her right and she will look after you.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 12th October 2017, 05:24 PM
Poster ID: sandsifter
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's name: Angela

 Establishment: Private apartment Parramatta - NSW - 0420 852 276 

 Date of visit: October 2017

 Contact details: NUDE MASSAGE with French happy endin(blow job)real pictures, D cup, size 8 - Sydney body rubs - cracker.com.au (  Kazakhstan girl, 100% genuine pictures,1hr/200 , size 8, D cup, body slide - Sydney escorts - cracker.com.au)

 Hours of business: Contact direct for hours

 Rates: $90/30min, $130/60min 

 Age: 28

 Size and shape: Her pics do not do her justice. Slim with nice tits, very pretty.

 Ethnicity: Kazakhstan

 Services provided: Nude Body to Body, CBJ, HJ but there is a link above for her doing fs under different name and number

 Value for money / recommend: A bit hit and miss for me

My experience/comments.

I saw Angela last week on a spur of the moment thing as I wasn't sure exactly what I wanted. I had seen the cracker ad floating around for a few weeks and there was a different ad offering fs for $200/hr(see above).Different number and name(Anna) but pretty sure  it's the same address and the same girl.
Anyway messaged Angela for 1 hour massage and cbj/hj around the middle of the day. Found a park close by and after a little confusion managed to get into the right lobby in the right building.Was greeted by Angela who's natural beauty took my breath away and I initially I found it hard to look at her without feeling like a dirty old man.Newest apartment but a little messy with clothes strewn everywhere. I took the offer of a shower and was joined onto the bed by a very naked slim Angela. 
She asked if I would like a massage first, ok sounds good and I lay face down into the mattress. Not ideal if you're looking for remedial massage but Angela was more into a bodyslide with some tackle tickle. We chatted about our respective lives and every so often she would say something naughty which had my mind thinking I should have booked the fs session. One thing did annoy me was she that she kept checking her phone and replying to whoever whilst she was sliding her boobs up my back.
Still I found her to be quite engaging even when she was telling me about a client she was getting close to who wanted to fuck her senseless everyday and should she stop seeing him? Not my problem I'm afraid but always be careful what you wish for, I advised.
Time to flip over where she grabbed a dom and gloved up my semi hard before starting a blowy to get a bit more blood moving. I started to have a feel around her nice soft breasts and run my fingers over smooth skin. The cbj was fine but a little fast and after around 10 minutes she went into a very fast hj, still with the dom on. I had to slow her down as I was never going to cum at that speed. She started going slow then went fast again and I nearly took over before I eventually dribbled over the line.
Clean up and a nice head massage followed by a close snuggle. Didn't quite do it for me but I have been doing mainly fs and bbbj of late. I do think you could get a nicer session with Angela with the fs option and imagine it would get better the more times you saw her. Might return in the future


Floor: #3
Post Time: 14th February 2018, 05:35 PM
Poster ID: asprek
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
It looks like that she has changed her phone number (0450522051) as shown in the ads below : 

NUDE MASSAGE with French(blow Job)happy ending, real pictures, D cup, size 8 - Sydney escorts - cracker.com.au

FS also offered straight up in the new ads

Might give her a try someday and report back.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 19th March 2018, 12:18 PM
Poster ID: striker420
Post Title: 
 Angela - Parramatta - 0450522051
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Angela

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 10 March 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Kazakhstan girl, multiple shots, 1hr/200 , size8, Dcup - Sydney escorts - backpage.com.au

Hours of Business : Differs from day to day

Rates : $200/hr

Age : Around 30

Size/shape : Slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian not sure about nationality

Services Provided : FS

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : 
I had been seeing Angela's ads for a while browsing backpage and locanto. Being skeptical I asked if she could provide a verification pic of her body. She sent me a fresh pic which confirmed that she was indeed real. I couldnt book that day as something came up that day. A week later I decided I should see her. 

Booking was easy. We decided over text of the time and duration of my stay. I got there 15 mins late and entered the apartment building. This is one of those buildings where you cant use the lift unless you have a keycard. I texted her of the situation. She asked me to go inside the lift and she will call the lift to her floor. Since there were multiple lifts I took the wrong one on my first try but we managed to find each other in the end. 

Entered her apartment and she was looking lovely. Took care of financials first and entered the shower. Took a quick shower and as I was drying myself she entered the bathroom wanting to join me in the shower. I asked her if you could shower afterwards and she agreed.

She then led me to the bed where we chatted for a bit. I kept carassing her big boobs while talking. Took her bra off and sucked her nipples while nodding to what she was saving. I was pretty hard already at this point. I made her lie on her back and got in between her legs while sucking both tits and carassing them. I may have small hands as I couldnt fit them for a squeeze.

I asked for a condom as I was ready to start. She handed me a condom and asks if I was a bj first. Asked if she could give me one without a condom which was a negative. I was fine with covered as well. She put on the condom and started sucking me off. Her technique could have been better but it was not bad. I kept squeezing her boobs while she sucked me. After a few minutes I asked her to go in the missionary position and she did. I got on top of her and inserted her pussy. Immediately I realized I was gonna blow quick if I dont take this slow.

Continued penetration slowly while attempting to kiss but she was not that into it. I then moved to sucking her tits while penetrating her. Occassionally getting upright to marvel on her tits which were moving furiously. This sight meant I couldnt hold anymore. I came while on top of her. Amazing experience leaving me exhausted.

Cleaned myself up and chatted for a bit more. Asked her to join me in the shower and she did. We both took a shower. I was hard stiff while finishing the shower. But my hour was up.

Will have to continue another time.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 18th May 2018, 11:38 PM
Poster ID: striker420
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Anyone knows her whereabouts? Cant find her ads anywhere. Both numbers are switched off


Floor: #6
Post Time: 25th February 2019, 12:15 AM
Poster ID: rosst
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hello

is this her https://sydney.locanto.com.au/ID_342...-blow-job.html


