Thread Title: Angela. The Wagga Wagga Hungarian - 0474 648 937
Floor: #1
Post Time: 2nd May 2016, 09:41 PM
Poster ID: Bluey651
Post Title: 
 Angela. The Wagga Wagga Hungarian - 0474 648 937
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Angela

Establishment : Private Massage Wagga

Date of Visit : may 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink Person's Name : 0474 648937

Hours of Business : Need to Call

Rates : $120 hour inclusive HJ

Age : 50

Shape : Good for age. OK body large breasts but a little droopy. Slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Hungarian

Services Provided: massage, HJ . Later I found out she offers FS at $250 hour

Experience: traveling to Wagga for a couple of days work. Decided I needed a massage and decided to see a bird about two stones.

I saw Angela's ad in the Wagga paper and I called. She was easy to get a hold of and her accent was amazing. When I called to confirm the address and time, she seemed quite cold. I was a little worried but decided to punt on.

I made my way to her unit and was told to take my shoes off. No problem. We chatted a little and went to the massage room. All was clean and tidy. I stripped down and Angela went down to her underwear. Her massage was good and did help the old sore body. I commented that she sounded tired, on the phone earlier. She told me she works and does massage as well. She is always busy and lonely. Angela has only been here one year and seems quite homesick. We discussed ways she could meet people and the sports she is into. Suddenly everything changes.

Angela starts to take her, remaining, clothes off. Tells me her real name and then starts to rub herself all over me. Angela is quite tall and slim. Large, droopy, breasts and magnificent nipples. She has the same problem a lot of our Asian Escorts have with English. No R's (no arse).

Angela is then placing my hands on her breasts and I eagerly play, fondle and suck. She is making the right noises and starts to stroke the old fella. As she moans more she stops stroking and moans louder. Angela then places one of my hands on her arse. I start to play with her clit and her pussy. She keeps moaning and saying " you want this Hungarian Pussy". Of course I say yes. 

Angela sits beside me and I keep sucking and tweaking and playing. I then decide to go further. Her pussy must be Hungary because it swallowed my fingers. She is quite tight and moans louder and louder. She enjoys her work. She keeps playing with my balls and cock. She licks her hand to moisten the shaft. I tell her when I am going to cum and she stops and says not yet. While I finger fuck her and suckle she then licks her fingers and starts playing with her clit. I tell her to lay back and I go to town. Angela cums and tells me to lay back. She gathers herself and starts a wonderful hand job while licking my shaft and playing with the twins. I blow a load that just kept coming. Angela cleaned me up and we chatted some more.

Angela is not a vision. She is older and is reasonable looking. Her body is pretty good but her service is outstanding. If you are not after a young Nymph then you have a gem in Wagga with Angela. Angela offered me FS next time and is willing to do outcalls. I will be back. Started a little frosty but finished off fucking hot.


