Thread Title: Anna K - Leura (Blue Mountains) - 0405 508 904
Floor: #1
Post Time: 25th March 2019, 04:57 PM
Poster ID: sleazyryder
Post Title: 
 Anna K - Leura (Blue Mountains) - 0405 508 904
				
Post Content: 
This was a fantasy of mine. Ever since I was walking around the headland on the Point on the Northern side of the Sydney Harbour Bridge early one evening with the light just starting to fade.

Now I was walking with the other half and observed a blonde haired big tits lass giving a very hairy bloke a massage on a table setup around the corner but close to a lamppost. I was immediately drawn to this activity. It was out in the open on a mild night without a care in the world or so it appeared. Now as we strolled past nothing appeared to phase this event. It was a real turn on for me but I was thinking this guy would get a sly handy upon the rollover and that would have the adrenaline pumping for sure. Being caught out in the open would be the ultimate experience in exhibitionism for the participants not to mention a prize for those who have voyeuristic intentions combined with exhibitionist tendencies. This was really hot. And it stayed in my mind.

Queue a classifieds ad in the Blue Mountains Gazette. A number of ads used to go in for 'massage' ....Now observing new ads is my thing. Finding new adventures also.

Lynette at Springwood is one who could be interesting. But only really if you were desperate.

So finding an ad for a newbie was good for me. A Blue Mountains adventure was on the cards.

Anna K has her ad in the BM Gazette. You can read the digital version online but if you want the classifieds you can browse them without the need to read all else.

Anna K is an artist and has a website easy enough to find if you search for her surname. She does a lot of real life paintings and exhibits in various places around the Country. I REALLY like her work. She does nude art and lots of veggie art. Norman Lyndsey would be proud of her.

So I made contact with her via text and arranged a booking for a massage. She does a lot of mobile massage but gave me an address in Leura which is a way up the mountains.

Review as follows.

Person's Name : Anna K

Establishment : Private residence ( if you can call it that)


Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Tantra Blue Mountains – I connect with You joyfully, guiding You through as yet un-opened doors to new states of Bliss.

Phone :0405 508 904

Hours of Business : See website but flexible

Rates : $100 / hr Remedial $150 German $200 Tantric...rates are starting at these price points.

Age : 40's likely late

Size/shape : 8 slim athletic and great body well toned see website

Nationality or Ethnicity : German with the accent

Services Provided : Massage relaxation

Value for money/recommend? : Yes Yes and YES!!!

My experience/comments : 
I booked Anna for a 60 minute session but soon changed that to a 90 minute session.

Anna has a slender body well toned with shapely legs. Lovely smile. Her hair was tied back in a band for the massage.  Colour is auburn
Great Cup A to B with pronounced nipples. She was wearing a cheesecloth type top no bra apparent.

Her height is about 5'6". Or 168 approximately 
She has a carefree attitude to life and loves nature.

Venue was a block of land away from houses

(Or rather it was at the time of my first visit)

The land had been purchased with the intention of building a home on it.

Here is where the above intro comes into play.

Anna had a campsite would have been the best way to describe it.

An old Ford Van parked into the trees offers some shade and a place to store some belongings.

The massage took place in a tent that was erected for that purpose.

A camp stove a barrel for water and a fridge running off the electricity connected to a pole and meter box with a circuit distribution and fuses that likely falls foul and short of SAA Wiring Regs 3000. As amended.
I thought at the time there is an accident waiting to happen or the point of source of ignition for the next bushfire.
However not the most salubrious of surroundings but I thought to myself "Now this could be interesting !"
And it turned out to be just that.
Anna asked me to prepare for the massage by getting undressed while she exited the tent.
I stripped down to my hairy bits and called out ready after I had climbed onto the table.

She started the massage by rubbing oil into my back avoiding the erogenous areas.

I thought to myself damn I was holding out great hope as most of the things about this lady pointed to a great chance of getting some sensual action or simply a rub in the right spot.

I thought perhaps if I extend the session early she may reward me. 
I didn't wait too long before saying I think that we can take the extra half hour and make it 90 minutes.
She said " Wonderful as that means I can cover way more area in my massage."
I thought great that sounds promising.
I was still not convinced that anything extra might be on the cards as she is mainstream but the fact she is an artist lends me to the belief that the bohemian in her is very much to the fore.

The massage was starting to. Become more sensual although still avoiding the nordy bits.

It was a wonderful massage and I had several erections which made me squirm into the table but either she had noticed and was ignoring or just accepting what was happening with my arousal levels.

About on the hour she asked me to turn over. She didn't offer to cover me with anything at that stage

My old fella was at half mast but running up the mast very quickly. She appeared to not be phased at all.
Mostly at this stage if the therapist is not embarrassed or giving filthy looks or throwing a towel or a blanket over the tent pole I would be half expecting them to jump onboard or run out of the room ( in this case tent!) But she had no reaction.
I was uncertain what to think or how it would go from here.
She did a wonderful session of reflexology on both my feet. I thought to myself this is really simply superb and if this is all I get I would be very happy as the massage was fantastic and her deft touch on my feet felt fabulous.

She finished by wiping the oil from my feet and then went around the table and lent over and started massaging my stomach coming ever so close to my nether regions. But just as skilfully avoiding them. After a few minutes she went and perched on a stool behind my head and started giving me a sublime head and scalp massage.
Again I was in heaven but the tent pole was becoming fully erect once more and I had to find a way to direct her to what must have seemed the bleeding obvious.
My erection once again subsided. That had become a pattern and surely she must have noticed but said nothing.
I thought to myself this isn't going to happen unless I say something.

So I asked for my inguinal area to be massaged. Specifying the area to be massaged usually sorts the therapist out into the 'I won't be doing that or whereabouts is that structure or 'Of course no problem!'
....usually followed by a blank expression and an enquiry for directions...
I pointed to the sides of my groin (they were genuinely sore... oh alright then I cannot resist here and stiff too very stiff!). She had no problem with massaging into my groin so of course I had a raging hard on.

The old fella was busting for attention. Still she was doing as I asked and a damn good job at that.

I asked her would she mind massaging my perineum. Well that was okay with her and she started getting rather enthusiastic. She said I don't do this for everyone as I am usually very selective. She then oiled me up and started the most anticipated tug of the year.
I tell you this woman knows how to tease and arouse a man. Her tits were now showing and erect and pointing as I felt them getting harder as she squeezed my cock bringing the blood rushing to my head. Both of them. I went downstairs ( with my hands of course) and she opened her legs to give me access. I thought to myself I should not push this as there will be opportunity to explore in the future and I didn't want her to think I was going to be selfish. I started to come and she whispered in my ear please don't make too much noise as I have curious neighbours. Out in the open under a tent with paper thin literally walls.
Now the thought of the blonde with the big tits massaging that lucky fellow on the Northside of the harbour flooded back and gave me a spectacular spurting orgasm. I braced myself and started to have a multiple orgasm all over the place so much so I was quivering with both excitement and exhaustion. I was spent.

Anna wiped me down taking great care to finish the massage
The mention of $20 for the extra on the end of the massage was met with a huge grin and no problem.

That was fine by me. Paying $120 all up for a sensual massage with ending sublime and 90 minutes I thought was fantastic value.
Anna ticked so many boxes
It was an adventure one rarely gets to see let alone enjoy in this world.

It was memorable and the start of a regular session with this vixen of a lady. She appeared to enjoy the dance as much as I did.

Now the downside. She is a fair way off the beaten track. A mountain goat of a ride. But only 10 minutes away from the GWH at Leura.

It is approximately 90 minutes to 2 hours drive from the Centre of Sydney.

The bonus is you can drop into the three sisters that is if you have anything left after Anna drains you...

I give her very high marks for fulfilling any intention you have. 

I will do further reviews and she has changed her menu and offers more than what was in pl@y at the time of this session with her.

Gotta say a grin from ear to ear when I think about her. Look at the pictures on her website and you will know she has tone and time to spoil you. Well worth the journey trek up. The mountain.


SR.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 25th March 2019, 11:22 PM
Poster ID: sleazyryder
Post Title: 
 Heidi Horne aka Anna K.
				
Post Content: 
https://www.google.com.au/search?cli...10.RoJz9nuS6eA

By way of research. Heidi Horne fairly self explanatory name is the alter ego of Anna Kling Anna K as I have referred to her as.
Anna or rather Heidi doesn't advertise all the time. She does spend time displaying art and selling that along with building her home on the block of land as well as engaging with clients to offer a range of services.

She is practical pragmatic and perfect when you have a one on one session with her.

I have been seeing Anna for a few years now. I will post further reviews. She is not a looker ( facewise for me) but she knows how to tease and please. That being said she has a killer body for her Vintage is very fit and has great presence.

Look at her website and use the mobile number and name Heidi. She used to advertise using her real name and I thought it best to disclose that as she has used both in the past.
Advice if you want to sample the massage first then use Anna K and look for her alternate mob number.
Sorry cannot help you there as I don't know she has given that out in some time.

If on the other hand you want to go the Tantric session then use the mob# on the site and the name Heidi to make the booking.
Be assured there is a difference between the amounts charged. The $120 I paid was some time ago.
Further reviews will suggest she has adjusted her prices. In any case she is well worth the cost.

Please note my PM does not work for outgoing messaging hence I will respond with a post.

Thanks for the questions.

SR.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 27th March 2019, 03:10 PM
Poster ID: sleazyryder
Post Title: 
 Heidi goes to Leura with her Pig Tails and all. 0405 508 904 aka Anna K.
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Anna K or Heidi Horn as she prefers

Establishment : PML Tantra Blue Mountains – I connect with You joyfully, guiding You through as yet un-opened doors to new states of Bliss.

Date of Visit : December 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Tantra Blue Mountains – I connect with You joyfully, guiding You through as yet un-opened doors to new states of Bliss.

Phone :0405 508 904

Hours of Business : As per appointment. Very flexible hours ( and body)

Rates : Starting from $100 

Age : 40's 

Size/shape : size 8 B cups great responsive nipples. A standout.

Nationality or Ethnicity : German but been in Aussie for some time

Services Provided : Massage bodyslide and reverse cowgirl Gosford slide with extremely happy ending.

Value for money/recommend? : Yep Yes Yup OMG Affirmative Positively Yes Yes Yes!!!!!

My experience/comments : Having had a small hiatus from the Mountains I was thinking about Heidi Anna K and her way with her artistic expression.
She doesn't just do standard anything. This wonderful erotic artist will treat you by reflecting back the energy you bring.
My advice is shower get clean before you travel to hers for an appointment. She is not a clock watcher but a cock washer and cock watcher.

I made the appointment via a series of to and fro txt messages. I was thinking I wanted to impress upon her the reality of the economy in the area. Knowing it is retarded and in reverse took it upon myself to see if she was willing to tweak her pricing. I requested an erotic session for a better price than she was offering. 
The conversation was frank and DTE. I had a fixed amount ( a C Note) in mind and was not offering anything more. She took some time with counter offers but I was firm. It was a lesson that needed to be learned. Being aware of economic circumstances is a great bargaining tool however must be tempered with the knowledge that some workers will cut their noses off to spite their faces.
The pragmatist came out and the price was agreed upon. $100 for an erotic session that would last for a minimum of 30 minutes to around the hour.
''Twas fine by me. The date and time set. I trekked up the Mountain and down the dale to her campsite that resembled the initial tent on a towel that existed for several years before it burnt down. ( This is another story). Dangers of living in the bush apparent.

It was evening when I arrived ( suggest you arrange a daylight meeting first up) and I knew to step carefully around objects designed for looks not practicality.
She welcomed me with a hug and a warmth that is genuine.
I felt she was going to give me a wonderful massage. ( you know when greeted by a tired therapist who goes through the motions to disappoint both giver and receiver and leaves you wondering why you bothered)

The massage started differently as it does every time I visit her. The really good therapists mix it up so they don't fall into the trap of becoming repetitious and predictable to the point you really know exactly where they are going next and frankly it becomes boring and annoying soon after the session commences.
Well great news is this is never the case with this lass.

It was the enthusiastic individual who I had really missed. She is far from jaded and her energy levels are always tweaked to concentrate on assuring your time is well spent with her. 
That makes her GVFM and you feel always the time spent with this lovely lady is well spent.

After greeting me she shows me to her room. The structure that replaced her tent and is perched upon a raised foundation to evade the water coursing across her block of land which abuts a creek. Her house well under construction by artisans employed from the local community and into the room which effectively is a room with a floor four walls and a ceiling without much natural light. From recall it has a window that is covered so the room is purpose built as the sounds emanating from the inside much certainly cause distress for eavesdropping animals outside wondering WTF is being tortured in there. And TG I avoided being trodden upon by that human with the cheesy grin...

The room stands out when viewed from a different angle but clearly has little affect on the landscape ( she paints those too) as captioned from the road and neighbouring properties.
Now being an individual who is unafraid to be different Heidi has a work ethic that singles her out as unique.

Read .. her neighbours have accepted her unorthodox ways of living and building. A thunderbox is what greets you if you need to relieve yourself so best eliminate before you attend her residence..

Onto the session itself.

She leaves to give you Privacy and to prepare herself for the session. Gone is her table packed away so onto a mattress on the floor. A bolster for your ankles and hammies and a pillow with an opening for your head. Naked face down and Ready I call out.
She enters the room. She strips naked and kneels beside me  She applies warm heated cream or oil to suit and commences a wonderful sensual but not straight away massage. She has excellent technique and you certainly would pay for her therapeutic massage on its own.
Now the twist in this session was unexpected. After having taken my cash upfront ( not a usual event but we had agreed on the $100 cost in advance) I was expecting to receive the usual massage but instead she made it clear she was going to give me the delux version of her offerings which is only one step short of her ultimate service. 
That will be a review I anticipate will have readers on the edge of their seats with anticipation.

So after around 30 minutes and several of those with a full body slide she requested I turn over. 
After sorting my tackle so as to avoid injuring me she started this butt massage where she oiled up her butt and pussy to deliver a delightfully arousing intoxicating massage to my upper legs and abdomen and pubic area.
I was rock hard and at attention turned on like never before.
She turned on my cock twisting it ever so gently turning herself around so she was noe reverse cowgirl. She oiled up my old fella and grinder her pussy lips into the head of my shaft. I let out a yelp in pure pleasure...

I actually started to whimper as my whole body started to quiver like a jelly just exiting the mould which housed it ever so tightly but could no longer contain its mass. Now Heidi was clearly very horny as I felt my cock penetrate her outer vag and it was simply Devine. She then propped herself up as she plunged my engorged cock deep inside her pussy for one stroke before she pulled it out and she said 'Sorry' I couldn't resist ' now I was not concerned any more than I would be getting a BBBJ. It didn't register at the time but reality rarely beats you up in the moment.
She returned to seated position in reverse cowgirl mode and continued with edging me several times to the point I was exhausted through pleasure.
This was an out of this world experience for me. I was literally spent before I started to climax as I jettisoned my load and it shot up and hit her in the face and chin, She turned around with this huge grin on her face and just burst out laughing as I joined her in a chorus that rivalled the birds outside.. laugh kookaburra laugh kookaburra how dull their life must be... in comparison to thee.

The session came literally to a relaxed and raucous ending. 
Heidi said next time I would like to pursue the premier offering with me.

I agreed. 
Now the setback to this punt is no shower. She does wash you down after with warm water but no real facilities. That is the only downside. She does have a shower inside her van but only for her use. This is purely down to practicality.

Her massage room is not level access so would not be suitable for those with limited mobility. However she is open to delivering a mobile service direct to you. 

Anna K or as she prefers Heidi is one for every punters bucket list. She is one hour west of Penrith. So between 90 minutes and 2 hours west of Sydney.

Certainly a lovely setting in the bush. ( if you know what I mean?)...

Enjoy.

There will be further instalments 

Thanks for appreciating this lovely lass and for reading up to here.

If you made it to the end then we'll done and thanks.


SR.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 19th April 2019, 11:01 AM
Poster ID: trapper
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Heidi

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 10/4/2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : http://www.tantrabluemountains.com.au/

Phone : 0405908504

Hours of Business : Flexible, I saw her 12.30

Rates : 200 Tantra Bliss, which is probably a massage, 300 Tantra Lovemaking for 60 min, I suppose it should have come to my realisation that anything labelled Tantric  means you're going to pay over the top for the service.
Age : Late 40's

Size/shape : Tall and slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : German

Services Provided : Massage, Full Service

Value for money/recommend? : For me, no, too expensive, and too far for what a fairly average service, though I've had worse

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)
Communication with Heidi was straightforward, I asked her prices and she said , in her own words "300, go for it" , so I did.
I had a whole free day and it took about one hour and forty five minutes to arrive to her place, which is basically a construction zone, she has a cabin set up beside her far from completed house, they'll probably finish Notre Dame Cathedral before she finishes hers.
Anyway, she's greets me at the entrance, we have a pleasant chat before we go into her cabin.
Session is on the floor, she put's on the Bladerunner soundtrack and she commences a bodyslide which was very nice, however she hardly used her hand, this went for about forty minutes before she got me to roll over, no bodyslide on the front, no massage also, just asked how i handle condoms, I said, "not very well", anyway she put one on, two second CBJ before she hopped on top, it really wasn't happening for me with the combination of oil and the condom, I said to her if she could just give me a HJ, which she did, however I really wasn't aroused enough by the situation and I said to her, that I will do it my self.
She said, "great" and to help me along she went and got out a glass dildo and started on herself at the same time while standing beside me.
I eventually came and she helped wipe me off, got dressed and started to head back home.
She's pleasant to talk to and we had a good conversation about the Berlin Wall and the events leading up to it's demolition, as she's from the  former East Germany and I've always had a fascination with the wall ever since they put it up.
In a way I'm grateful that her service didn't appeal to me, as I would to be travelling up there on a regular basis.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 17th May 2019, 08:33 AM
Poster ID: milfaddict
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Seems the website is down and number goes straight to voicemail


Floor: #6
Post Time: 20th May 2019, 01:05 AM
Poster ID: sleazyryder
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by Milfrd2


Seems the website is down and number goes straight to voicemai
"""



Thanks for reporting that. I will try and contact her this week and see if she is away or something else is happening. She is an artist and often travels to engage in her other work.

I will get back to the forum...

Thanks.

SR.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 22nd May 2019, 02:15 PM
Poster ID: sleazyryder
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by sleazyryder


Thanks for reporting that. I will try and contact her this week and see if she is away or something else is happening. She is an artist and often travels to engage in her other work.

I will get back to the forum...

Thanks.

SR
"""




As promised. I made contact with 'Heidi' and she has not bothered with her website. The cost of maintaining it needed to be balanced with the income she is earning with her regulars.

Now I haven't discussed or mentioned this with her but I discovered the Pseudonym she has adopted actually belongs to another Sydney based lady who offers Yoga but not any adult services afaik. This is clearly problematic for maintaining a website and could be problematic for her if she has failed due diligence. I.e. she has adopted the use of a Pseudonym that actually exists as in a real person living and trading using their own name and practising some elements of services that are part of the business model being utilised.

In other words it could get very messy. With this in mind I doubt she ( if she has knowledge) will resurrect her website.

She did inform me she would cease her offerings once her home has finished being built. 
Somehow I doubt this as she likes cock way to much to give it up. Paid or not.
She also loves the male interaction.

I know she paid a tradie in kind in lieu of payment for some of his work... won't go into detail but it made me think. Yup that's Ms K alright... opportunistic and loving it.....

So Heidi will likely be taking only regulars. But judging from a text I received anyone can become a regular simply by arranging a visit. 

She has returned and if you send her a text on her mobile she will happily respond with her menu of services.

If you cannot afford the more exy service then she will negotiate sometimes. But only if she has seen you before.

A tip from me just try a cheaper menu item and if you like what you see and is on offer then you can always upgrade the service. She is very flexible in more than one way....


SR.


