Thread Title: Anna - Ashfield - 0413 079 994
Floor: #1
Post Time: 21st March 2012, 11:24 AM
Poster ID: SeaRay
Post Title: 
 Anna - Ashfield - 0413 079 994
				
Post Content: 
In noticed in my local rag ANNA sexy Asian private massage who I visited in her Appartment in Ashfield sometime ago, she charges I believe $90 per hour but I did do full service, by memory she has a good body with good MILF breasts but a hairy snatch, I would guess her age to be late 30's


Floor: #2
Post Time: 6th April 2012, 08:23 AM
Poster ID: Spunky
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I called her on the phone, her her prices to $70 half hour sensual nude massage and $130 for an hour. I did ask about full service but said not on offer. But I do think it may be on the cards.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 19th November 2012, 09:01 AM
Poster ID: cusoon
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Where has this one been hiding!

I rung Anna today and made an appointment for massage on Thursday
I do have other things on my mind though.
She sounded quite nice, told me she was Thai, very friendly and 38 years old as well as being very attractive.
She told me $60 for whole body massage and by the tone of here voice I'm sure much more is on offer.
She wanted me to come today but I will be busy at least until Thursday.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 21st November 2012, 09:56 PM
Poster ID: trannylover
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Saw her tonight, she is actually very nice. She has a pretty face, when she answered the door she was wearing a little top that sat just below the top of her legs. She has very nice legs and a very nice arse. I only got rub and tag. I almost came just looking at her in the mirror. One of the better ones I have seen for a while.
 Well worth the trouble if you are in Ashfield easy parking and very sexy MILF.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 26th November 2012, 01:22 PM
Poster ID: BlueBalls
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I visited here on Saturday 24 Nov.

But now I'm confused by some of these reviews. A quick search shows ads in the local papers for Jasmine at that number, and she said she was Jasmine, not Anna. It was $60 nude r&t, not $70, for 30min. And she was shaven.

All that said, it was a good experience. From what she said it would be better on repeat as she is very cautious - it's a private flat in Ashfield.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 28th December 2012, 09:53 AM
Poster ID: maty
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Anna / Jasmin  - 0413 079 994

Establishment : Private Unit in Ashfield 

Date of Visit : December 2012

Rates : $60 for 30mins - there is a 1hr option but forgot the price- I thinks its around $120

Age : 30-40's

Size/shape : size 10-12 natural C's - 

Nationality or Ethnicity :Thai

Services Provided : Full body massage - she also gets naked and does a slight body slide

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : Stopped by here at the end of the working week towards the end of the year towards the end of the world....or so we thought. 

Gave her a call 30 mins prior and was accommodating. 

Friendly and accommodating, English though is not strong but enough to get buy. The apartment is located on a busy intersection.

Service was good. decent massage, let me play with her bits with clit rubbing and tit and arse groping.

Time for HJ- was good, different stokes and angles. Offers shower before and after the event which was great.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 22nd January 2013, 01:11 AM
Poster ID: myself01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I really wanted to give Anna/Jasmine a try, based on the reviews here she seems to offer a service I think I'd enjoy.

Unfortunately when I gave her a ring today she said she's on holidays till the end of February  Sucks!


Floor: #8
Post Time: 28th July 2013, 11:59 PM
Poster ID: sivivatu
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Came here today after i gave her a buzz she had visitors over but told me to come by in 10 mins if i could 

Turned up payed 100 for the half hr as full service was on offer, she says she only gives  fs to me but not sure if its the case .Though she has been saying that to me since i first saw her .

she is as described i would say mid 40's c cup natural tits about 5'6 thai milf woman with  a curvy ass ,dress size 10 cause of that curvy ass.

sex is not great tried plowing in multiple positions but she insisted on hj after around 8 to10 mins of action followed by massage . Remaining 20mins was massage on her bed not bad not great not sure if i will return for a while ....

Shes a nice lady dont get me wrong but it feels like she wants the sex over and done with then she can relax with a massage service .

besides the sex the service felt unrushed .


Floor: #9
Post Time: 5th January 2014, 09:14 PM
Poster ID: vilo4u
Post Title: 
 Jasmine / Anna - Ashfield NSW - 0413 079 994
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name:Jasmine 

Establishment: private

Date of Visit:27/12/12

Contact details: 0413 079 994

Hours of Business: ring Jasmine

Rates:$70

Age:Mature 40

Size/shape:BBW

Nationality or Ethnicity: thai

Services Provided: Massage / HJ/ Full service 

Value for money/recommend? yes 8/10

My experience/comments: Easy access to her apartment 1st floor once walk in entrance in block its straight opposite you , she opens the door in a robe said welcome and if i would like some water. Showed me to the bedroom asked me to undress and lay on bed she took off robe and stayed with g string and gave me a great massage her tits were niceand was ok to touch. After massage she gave me BTB then she played with my balls and gave HJ she was really good . after i blew my load she cleaned me up and asked again if i will like water then i had left. Nice friendly Lady


Floor: #10
Post Time: 7th January 2014, 06:27 PM
Poster ID: bobb1987
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hi vilo4u, how long did $70 get you? Did that include full service?


Floor: #11
Post Time: 7th January 2014, 07:35 PM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by bobb1987


Hi vilo4u, how long did $70 get you? Did that include full service
"""



if you don't get an answer, there may be some more info in her review thread in the main forum http://auxxxreviews.com/forum/f116/a...t=0413+079+994

Advanced Search > Search Titles Only > "0413 079 994" is your friend.


Floor: #12
Post Time: 8th January 2014, 10:30 AM
Poster ID: bobb1987
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks fartichoke - I'll look it up.


Floor: #13
Post Time: 22nd January 2014, 12:10 AM
Poster ID: kerim
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Has anyone seen her recently? 

I SMS her twice in the last two weeks but got no reply at all. From "Anna" reviews I understood she preferes messaging rather than calling. 

Any feedback from other punters? What is the situation with car parking in her area?


Floor: #14
Post Time: 29th January 2014, 07:04 PM
Poster ID: kerim
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jasmine/Anna

Establishment : PML/PWL

Date of Visit : 23/01/2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :  0413 079 994

Hours of Business : flexible, pls check

Rates : $80/45 min, $110/60 min, $60/30 min (not sure, I took 45 min)

Age : late 40s to early 50s

Size/shape : MILF reasonable for her age, shapely bottom, gravity affected bossom which would have been even quite enjoyable 

Nationality or Ethnicity : she claims to be Thai, I have some doubts

Services Provided : was to be massage + HJ but eventually converted to massage + FS with an extra payment of $30.

Value for money/recommend? : no/mixed feelings, depends what one prefers

My experience/comments : She finally replied to my SMS and asked to be called which I did last Thursday. I was going to be in the area (Ashfield) so I set up a meeting early in the afteroon. She gave me directions to her place and it was relatively easy to find it, but car parking was a bit bigger problem. In the end I found car parking in a side street not far from her place so next time, if there would be a next time, it shoudl be easier.

I was about ten minutes late but still had to wait in the staircase for a few minutes. Her unit is on a ground floor of an oldish red brick block of flats. Each floor has a single unit only so it is relatively private unless you have some other residents going in or out. Later she told me there is a back entrance as well wich may be more private. Finally she opened the door without really checking who was behind and presented quite a nice view of an almost naked woman barely covering her body with a small towel and talking on the phone at the same time.

She let me in and finshed her phone call promptly. She explained she just had a shower and whilst she was drying herslef her sister called wanting something. ihelped her to dry herself and after she offered me a glass of water and asked how long I would like to stay. After checking whether she could give me a good massage I thought 45 min divided into 30 min of massage and 15 min of play would be good. I noticed she had a massage table in the room so i told her 45 min and she went about setting it up. i had a quick shower after which I jumped on the table full of expectations especially that many MILFS are much better in giving quality massage and understanding how men would like to receive it.

To my disappointment the massage was below average. Mechanical rubbing without any fluency, not very strong although I asked for one, somehow I felt her mind was no there or maybe she had no clue  how to massage at all. Maybe I should take the hint that the table wa just sitting there not set up at all. To make it worse her phone kept ringging but in fairness to her she did not try to answer it. She claimed it was her sister driving her mad. During the massage there was no TT at all but she tried to work a bit on my knots in the upper back - this must be from my computer work doing all those XXX reviews! One more things that I mentioned above - above her nationality. From my experince Thais are very pedantic about touching somebody elses head. It is kind of sacred to them. Each time I had a Thai massage the head was eiher first because masseuses' hands were clean or the last and before she would touch my head she would wash thoroughly her hands. There was nothing like that with Jasmine. After massaging my feet she jumped to my head with no problem. That raised a question in my mind about her culture/nationality. I may be wrong but that has been my experince with Thai masseuses.

Following a rather unsatisfactory massage i decided to have a bit of play hoping to change my impression. And that was when hard selling come into play, "I do not normally do full service but I like you, etc" negotiations commenced. After the poor massage I thought what else could go wrong. 

WRONG! $30 later there was not much play, those sagging but still nice tits could not be aroused so I cannot even say whether her nipples are nice and kissable. She was shaven but small re-growth was already there and that was not a nice invitation for a bit of DATY. I did not ask but somehow I got the feeling she would not be too happy about it. Fingers outside her heavily lubricated pussy and CBJ was the only foreplay. In the end even the doggy was not that nice, and I was reluctant to do mish because of her very sharp bush. 

In summary, she is a very nice woman and has friendly and welcoming personality but in our case something was missing. Was her sister the cause of it with her telephone calls, was there a problem with a previous punter, or else? I should also add that she is not a clock watcher. In the end I stayed there closer to one hour, having a shower again and more talk. May try again if that massage improves.


