Thread Title: Anne - meadowbank - 0432 988 964
Floor: #1
Post Time: 27th May 2019, 12:43 PM
Poster ID: shipwreckbay
Post Title: 
 Anne - meadowbank - 0432 988 964
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Anne

Establishment : private?

Date of Visit : 27/4/19

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :  w parade, meadowbank

Phone :0432988964

Hours of Business : all day

Rates : 80/30min massage hj

Age : 35ish

Size/shape : thin, 

Nationality or Ethnicity : said Japan, prob chinese

Services Provided : massage, happy ending

Value for money/recommend? : meh, nah

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)
Working in the area found as on Locanto, contacted and made booking via text.
Entered unit, very dark with a girl in plain clothes in lounge room on laptop, i got the vibe this was sort of a working girl den. I got ushered into a bedroom by a lady 35ish, nothing like pic as I asked for pic during booking. I told her what I wanted massage and happy ending and she began massaging, massage was very bad, her hands were cold there was no oil or anything, as she told me it was her first day. The ad said nude b2b, that didn't happen and by then I just wanted out, after 15min she gave me a hand job which was abit rough and still no lube as I was rubbing her tits and crotch with my hands and I blew and was keen to go, when she asked if I can stay longer to finish up the 30min.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 27th May 2019, 04:44 PM
Poster ID: sleazyryder
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by shipwreckbay


Person's Name : Anne

Establishment : private?

Date of Visit : 27/4/19

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : w parade, meadowbank

Phone :0432988964.........".........
"""



Now there is no such Parade in Meadowbank.

There is however one in an adjoining suburb called West Ryde. West Parade [removed] is a block of units... It is actually the other side of the railway station on the Northern side of Victoria Road..

So it is always a good idea if you intentionally post the address that perhaps it is best that you get the suburb correct. The difference of 1 or 2 kilometres can mean the difference between a bad punt and an awfully bad punt...

For those in the dark it is the difference between Artarmon and Chatswood or indeed North Sydney And Crows Nest... for those on the south side of the bridge it would be like Broadway to Camperdown...Caringbah to Cronulla but not as far as Camden to Campbelltown...still...not at all a trivial distance.

So if indeed this unremarkable punt took place you should have taken a look at the Railway Station to get your bearings and the review right...

Easy enough mistake if the review is made up... I am not suggesting it is or was made up but the credibility starts to look dubious when...

Reviews require facts not fallacy. So best research and get your facts straight then actually punt and publish your personal review.

There are a lot of very average Asian shops and girls working out of this area as it is a construction zone full of horny labourers and tradies...lol


This review may belong in the Massage Parlour thread as there appears to be a number of girls working out of a shared workspace as opposed to being a Private ML. I understand the OP gave that indication “?”...



SR.


