Thread Title: Aria and Sophia - Wynyard - 0476050730
Floor: #1
Post Time: 10th November 2018, 11:11 AM
Poster ID: macca431
Post Title: 
 Aria and Sophia - Wynyard - 0476050730
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Aria and Sophia

Establishment : Independent but a few work together in an apartment

Date of Visit : 6 Nov 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Erotic Slides - Erotic Massage in Sydney

Phone : 0476050730

Hours of Business : 10:00 - 0:00 on different days - check the website

Rates : From $120 - $340 for 2 girls for 1 hr - 2hrs - $680

Age : 25-28

Size/shape : Hot! Athletic

Nationality or Ethnicity : Brazilian and Argentinian 

Services Provided : Very Erotic Body Slide Massage

Value for money/recommend? : Oh Yes - in my top 3 of all time

My experience/comments : It has been a great few weeks getting back into travelling around the country. Most recent was last week when I was in Sydney - noting it was Melbourne Cup day a lot of girls were either not working or finishing up early. Anyway that meant that I got to try somewhere new and in searching through Locanto I found these girls. Quick text message just to confirm they were working today followed by a few just to confirm times and location. Thought I would spoil myself and went for both girls for 2 hours.

Just prior to the appointment I received a message to say they were running late and could I come 15mins later. No problems as it gave me time for another quick drink. Arrived at the apartment complex and due to still runnning late they negotiated another 15mins. Hmm....starting to think this might have been a bad idea.

Up to the apartment finallly and was greeted by Aria in her black lingerie at the door. Great eyes, frizzy brown hair and amazing caramel skin. Let into the bedroom where I was greeted by Sophia and oh my, hot body, long dark hair and looking so good in her red lingerie. Quick intros, offered a drink, little small talk then into the shower. When I came out, a few more sips of my beer, and then they commenced their touching, stroking, caressing and overall very erotic service.

Throughout the 2 hours there was a little oil/cream applied for what, if I had to describe it, was erotic play rather than massage. While there was some massage most was gentle caresses - highly erotic. There was a lot of "mutual" play as well during the session. They worked very well as a team with one focusing on my top half while the other played with me. One of the hottest moments was when Aria was looking into my eyes while Sophia had her head near my cock simulating BJ but using her hands. I got the impression this was not just an act - but if it was omg it was good.

No rush in the end, finished up with a shower and then was able to watch Sophia have a shower while I dried off. Bit more of a chat while I finished my beer and then discussed plans for our next catch up.

These girls are so hot I can't wait to get back to Sydney! Now the only dilemma is if these 2 were so great should I try the others that work from the same place or not...oh no the 1st world issues!


Floor: #2
Post Time: 11th November 2018, 11:12 AM
Poster ID: pashon8
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
If the photos are real then that looks like a great place to go.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 11th November 2018, 11:19 AM
Poster ID: macca431
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
They are definately real!!!


Sent from my iPad using Tapatalk


