Thread Title: Arianna Gold - Ultimo, Sydney - 0421 973 549
Floor: #1
Post Time: 18th July 2016, 03:46 PM
Poster ID: pharqueme
Post Title: 
 Arianna Gold - Ultimo, Sydney - 0421 973 549
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Arianna Gold

Establishment : Private massage lady

Date of Visit : 18/07/16

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0426 288 675

Arianna Gold is Back in SYDNEY-Tanned -Aussie -pocket rocket brunette-10 DD's www.ariannagold.com - Sydney body rubs - backpage.com

Arianna Gold - Erotic Massage Sydney and Melbourne

Rates : $250/60. Check website for tour dates.

Age : 26

Size/shape : Brunette, slim, natural boobs.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : Massage/ B2B/ handjob

Value for money/recommend : Yes

Was lucky enough to see Arianna on her only day in Sydney (at the moment). This girl does not reveal where she actually lives but judging from the all over tan, I suspect Queensland.

Easy to arrange a booking via SMS. Her pics are 100% accurate and recent.

After a shower, it was into a comfy chair while Arianna did a s low sensuous strip while intermittently rubbing her body over mine. Touching (no penetration is allowed). Once she was nude she lay on floor rolling and spreading her legs giving a great view of her goods.

Onto the table for what was arguably one of the best RnT sessions I have ever had. Strong competent massage with an increasing amount of TT. She has a small landing strip which feels marvelous running up & down your back. She gradually eases into the sensual stuff (well the whole thing is sensual !!!) before rolling you over and continuing. There was no straight into the HJ to get you finished. She was expert in a gradual build up and backed off a number of times at either my request or her own intuition.

Most of the time she is on the table with you, including for the ultimate ending, and allows full access to all areas as long as your fingers stay on the outside. Unfortunately, no DATY.

Expensive - Yes. Value for money - Absolutely.

I'll be lining up again next time she visits Sydney.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 23rd July 2016, 04:17 PM
Poster ID: seeking85
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
250 for 60 min wow!!!


Floor: #3
Post Time: 1st October 2016, 01:52 PM
Poster ID: kbso
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
She used to work a while ago at bodyrotic. 

Photos are a little photoshopped but an attractive girl. 

For $250 to many rules and restrictions.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 2nd April 2017, 02:15 PM
Poster ID: younglad
Post Title: 
 Arriana Gold - Brisbane - 0421 973 549
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Arriana Gold

Establishment : Private - Hotel Room

Date of Visit : March 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : http://www.ariannagold.com

Hours of Business : Unsure

Rates : $250 for 45 minutes

Age : 

Size/shape : Curvy and busty

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : R&T

Value for money/recommend? :  

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)



This was my second visit to Arriana, not quite as good as the first unfortunately, maybe I had my expectations set a little high.  She is a very attractive (cute) girl, short at about 5" 2 and a little curvy but busty (enhanced, although claims other wise on her website).

The session starts with the usual shower and offer of a glass of water but for a massage service is a little different as she starts you off on the lounge in a towel for a lap dance.  She is pretty sexy and loves to get you aroused before proceeding to the table. On the table there is lots of touching, oil and a decent massage thrown in.  she body slides front and back and overall provides a great service.

This occasion she was a little cold unfortunately, where as the first seemed just so much more fun.

I probably wouldn't go back again now that I have had two visits, but i highly recommend her to anyone who likes a massage.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 14th June 2017, 01:06 PM
Poster ID: Dave Weldon
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Arriana Gold

Establishment : Private Apartment, north Sydney

Date of Visit : around 11 May 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : http://www.ariannagold.com

Hours of Business : Not sure

Rates : $250 for 60 mins

Age : 29

Size/shape : Petite, DD boobs, fit, firm body

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : Body rub

Value for money/recommend? : Yes indeed

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

I've seen Arianna a couple of times now and the experiences keep getting better. After my shower, she sits me down on a chair and proceeds to do a lovely striptease (not that she wears much to begin with). I stroke her legs and boobs when they come in reach, and she perches on my lap for a while. I love that feeling when my cock goes from flaccid to hard, and by the end of the strip show, I'm rock hard. Then it's on to the massage table, bum up, and she goes to work. A really good therapeutic massage morphs into a sensual one as she increasingly plays with the tackle, and slides on top. 

Flipping over, she works not just on my cock and balls but all over, even stopping to suck and tug my nipples for a while. She's all over me, her tiny frame climbing on and off the table, and my hands and mouth are having a great time with her body, although as noted elsewhere, no DATY and no fingering allowed (and no kissing). Finally, she concentrates on my cock and balls, taking me to the brink a couple of times, only to bring me back down again - she's playing my cock like a musical instrument. Finally, I erupt.

Apart from the excellent R&T/body slide, the thing I appreciate most is her sense of humour and intelligence; we always have a chat and a laugh, and I walk away smiling!


Floor: #6
Post Time: 18th June 2017, 10:49 AM
Poster ID: Fuzzynuts
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
$50 surcharge for same day bookings? This girl is taking the piss. I guess if there's people willing to pay then more power to her...


Floor: #7
Post Time: 28th October 2017, 10:28 AM
Poster ID: big_mike_2
Post Title: 
 Arianna - Southbank - 0421 973 549
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Arianna 

Establishment : Private/Independent apartment

Date of Visit : 13/09/2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Arianna Gold - Erotic Massage Sydney, Melbourne, Brisbane & Canberra.

Hours of Business : 

Rates : $250 an hour

Age : 30

Size/shape : Size 8

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : Sensual Massage and B2B

Value for money/recommend? : Yep

My experience/comments : Arianna was really polite and no nonsense when  first getting in contact. Was easy to talk to and setup a date/time,  deposit and proof of was required before confirmation. On the day of a  confirmation text is sent out, and once replied to all lights green.  Upon arrival, series of well thought out instructional texts to get in  and up. Once up was met by a stunning lady in lingerie, was very  friendly and made to feel welcome quickly. Once financials were settled I  was directed to the bathroom for a quick washup, walking out I was  directed to take a seat on the couch and lap dance ensued, very very  wonderful sight, once she had stripped down we moved over to the massage  table where she gave what was really a top notch massage, but quickly  turned into a teasing clinic making sure I was always excited. A little  bit later I was asked to flip and more teasing and stroking and well  sometimes it's nice to leave things to the imagination... But really a  delightful time with a wonderful lady.Some might argue it's pricey but genuinely in my opinion worth it.


