Thread Title: Ariel - Kogarah - 0406 239 014
Floor: #1
Post Time: 15th July 2016, 12:37 PM
Poster ID: savour01
Post Title: 
 Ariel - Kogarah - 0406 239 014
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Ariel

Establishment : Private house in Kogarah

Date of Visit : July 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0406 239 014  Advertises in the shire and st george leader

Hours of Business : Fri & Mon 10am-11pm, Sat 10am-2pm, Tue-Thurs 6pm-11pm. 0406 239 014.

Rates : 30 - $60 1hr - $100

Age : Says 33

Size/shape : Said 12 on the phone, said tits were 40C which means shes a size 18? Wasn't huge but bit bigger. Black hair, white skin.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : Massage with HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Meh

Had been stinging for a massage all week. Didn't find anything local on cracker so went to the leader. One of the first ads was Ariel's so I gave her a call. Her description sounded alright and at that price for an aussie it was worth TOFTT,

She gave me the address, made an appointment for half an hour and told me where to park. The instructions were go around the back and I'm out there. Thought it was a granny flat. Walk around the side and it's legit just someones back yard, washing hanging up and everything. Gave her a call to make sure right address and she says yes. Go around and knock on the back door and takes a few mins to answer. Was standing there thinking of my excuse if it turned out to be a random. Ends up being her, not sure why she wanted to use the backdoor... Was just her house. Go in side and into the room.

She isn't my ideal girl, far from it. No tan, bit bigger, good tits but very plain undies. I strip and get onto her massage table. I'm a bigger guy, 6'4 and 110kg and it felt like the table wouldn't hold me. Lots of creeks as I lay down. She says I must obviously play football so I just said yeh for Cronulla. She starts talking about how she goes for 3 teams, including the rabbitohs because she bought a picture of a rabbit a few months ago. She then asks if I go to st george leagues much. I tell her not really. She then goes oh yeh I see this player there some times, curly hair, plays for st george, sometimes saw him on the tv. I'm a big footy fan and proper had a mental blank. She cant remember his name and this goes on for about 3 mins... She then tells me this was 20 years ago. I'm lying down naked thinking what the fuck have I got myself into. She has a deeper voice and if someone told me she had some sort of minor disability I wouldn't be surprised.

Massage was good, asked for it firm and she tells me how its an aromatherapy massage and how she got her certificates a few years ago. Probably one of the better massages I have received. Flip over and she works on the front. I go to touch her ass and she pulls away. Not much TT. It felt like she was so focused on it being a good massage. There was a time where she was massaging my arms while standing above me and had her big tits bouncing just above my face. I moved my head slightly so it would bounce on my face, she quickly moves my head back stating I need good posture so its even. I then tell her its a great view and she just replies "yes". It was kind of hot she was so against trying to turn me on lol.

Finally starts rubbing my cock and asks if I want a HJ. Yes of course! She goes just give me a minute.... Covers my stomach with tissues "just preparing". Pretty robotic HJ, I ask if I can touch and she says only ass and tits. I ask if I can lick her nipple and she replied "I guess". Ended up cumming all over the tissues (well done) and she gives me the quickest clean ever with a hot towel. Still covered in oil and cum. 

I get changed and on the way out ask to use the bathroom. She says yup just give me 1 minute. She goes in the bathroom and can hear her moving the shower curtain. When I go in I have a look behind it, thinking shes hiding a meth lab or some shit in the shower. Turns out she was standing in the door way watching and says "I was just making it even". Then says "do you want to wash your hands after" while I'm pissing "yeh i guess so" "ok ill wait here with a hand towel for you to dry them. Was weird.

Anyway, got out of there, exactly an hour which is rare to get the time you paid for these days. Would I go back? Probably not, if I want a good massage can get one for $80, if I want a sexy massage I'd probably rather go to Bexley massage or Secrets of sydney and pay the 120 or 150 for 1/2 with someone I find attractive. Put her in the done once basked with Monique at Kogarah Bay and Anne at Caringbah. That said, who knows how I'll go next time I want a cheap HJ.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 15th July 2016, 05:33 PM
Poster ID: trendy1
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
yeah ive seen her also, very average,
atleast monique has a good body,

are there any more locals around ? house wise


Floor: #3
Post Time: 16th July 2016, 03:00 AM
Poster ID: savour01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Not really that I have found. I saw a girl who worked in like Henson or Sellwood (guessing based on google maps) st down at brighton about a year ago. Was pretty good (100 for 1/2) but she said she used to work at bexley massage. 

Theres this chick "BLONDE Busty Mature Irish Erotic massage plus more, private, Caringbah 10am - 6pm. Mon - Fri. Ladies Welcome Ph: 0415 127 137" who use to work at Wolli Creek but imo she was worse. Described herself as a "surfer chick" but if by surfer you mean 50, fat and blonde then I guess you have it. Should prob write a review on her soon. Was about a year ago though.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 29th October 2016, 11:15 AM
Poster ID: savour01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Got a call from a random number last night. "Hi it's Ariel, you messaged me about a massage?" "umm when did I do that?" "1st of October" "wow thats like 4 weeks ago" "yeh I don't do text so I am returning your call" "haha ok well i dont need a massage right this second" "ok but ill tell you my detials anyway" 

Went through her whole spiel. I was trying to hold back laughter. WTF. 

In my original post I said "if someone told me she had some sort of minor disability I wouldn't be surprised." Pretty much confirmed I reckon.


