Thread Title: Aris Thai Massage- Hamilton, Newcastle - 0435 554 366
Floor: #1
Post Time: 17th March 2018, 12:10 AM
Poster ID: Persepolis
Post Title: 
 Aris Thai Massage- Hamilton, Newcastle - 0435 554 366
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Aris

Establishment : Private Apartment Hamilton Newcastle. NSW

Date of Visit : 15/03/2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : ???"Aris"??? Beautiful asian girl 0435 554 366 - Newcastle body rubs - cracker.com.au.     Phone 043554366.     Aris Lovely | Private Escort - St Leonards, North Sydney

Hours of Business : All day.

Rates : $130 1/2hr. $180 3/4hr $230 1hr. +$50 full service

Age : mid 20s

Size/shape : slim with perfect breasts

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : RnT

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : I had not seen any enticing adverts on Backpage Newcastle for some time. Experience has taught me to avoid any of the ads for Jesmond. They are always bait and switch and I know I should just walk but so often that doesn’t happen. I haven’t seen the stunning Sonia  9 https://auxxxreviews.com/forum/f116/...1-669-a-42260/ ) advertise for sometime.
Aris’ advert was running for about a week when I decided to give her a call, a text actually. Things moved smoothly and after exchanging a few texts I had ¾ hour booking confirmed.
Her apartment is in Hamilton, easy to find and there is plenty of parking, and a couple of pubs for that post coital drink.  She texted me the entry code and in no time I am standing opposite an attractive, slim, well breasted Thai woman. Very nice. The most gorgeous set of tits. I made a mental note that I was going to suck on those.
In her ad Aris said that she showers with you. This didn’t happen and I was a little disappointed and concerned as to how much else from the ad would not be forthcoming.
Aris got me to lie on the bed and she began a decent massage. Plenty of oil but no tackle tickle. She asked me to turn over and she immediately started to play with my balls and she began to put a rubber on my cock. At first it was all fairly mechanical, but as the session continued she became more relaxed and friendlier.
The CBJ was ok but I found that she rushed straight into it. I like my cock and balls to be played with so that I can get fully hard when the condom goes on. After a few minutes she stopped, took the condom after and started pulling me off. 
Call it experience or call it age it takes a lot longer for me to cum. I can lie there and enjoy the penile manipulation for some time before I begin to cum. Some WLs get annoyed with this. Aris didn’t she tried different positions and different techniques. She oiled up my cock and her breasts and rubbed her gorgeous breasts up and down my member. Ohh so delightful. Eventually I asked if I could suck on her boobs while she pulled. She accommodated my wish happily and so I sucked on those silver dollar nipples until I came. 
I was hoping she wouldn’t get up and indicate the session had finished as I had only been there for twenty minutes. She offered another massage which I agreed to. I asked her to massage my legs. The massage was quite good. She then asked me if I’d like another tug. I have difficulty cuming so soon so I declined. 
We talked and she cuddled and rubbed her boobs over my back.
At about the 40 minute mark we both agreed to finish. This time she accompanied me to the shower and soaped and washed my body.
By the end of the session we were both relaxed, chatting and getting along well. She is heading back to Sydney but will return to Newie. I will see her again and take on a little more control. I might even spend an extra $50 and have full service.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 22nd March 2018, 01:30 PM
Poster ID: mikey191
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I saw her ad recently and it reminded me of Sonia!  I've missed her, it's been a good six months or more since she's been around hasn't it?  

Thanks for the intel, I think I might go and see Aris soon.. her newie ad is still up so I'm hoping she's still here..


