Thread Title: Artemisia - Chippendale - 0420 415 658
Floor: #1
Post Time: 13th November 2017, 10:59 AM
Poster ID: itsnotme
Post Title: 
 Artemisia - Chippendale - 0420 415 658
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Artemisia de vine

Establishment : private, chippendale

Date of Visit : nov 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : As Above / Mistress Artemisia de Vine: Sydney dominatrix, Goddess of elegant perversion & BDSM – Explore, Play, Transform, Submit

Hours of Business : unknown

Rates : $500 120 minute  with Hj

Age : mid 40's

Size/shape : BBW huge tits

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : massage/hj/lomi/lingham/prostate/edging

Value for money/recommend? : Yes! 

My experience/comments :

I'd been eyeing off this wl/mls ads for a while, I have a thing for curvy women, I also have a thing for more forward/dominant types, on top of all this I've read so much shit about how much fun ass play can be, but only ever thought it was a side thing, artemisia offers a massage specifically aimed at butt stuff and I thought let's give it a whirl Why my Anal & Prostate Erotic Massages are so Famous – Conscious Erotic Arts with Artemisia de Vine is a link to the service description by her website.

I had no issues booking in, she seemed busy but I found a slot, which I was sure she would in the future too, showed up, she is definitely the woman in the photos, quite curvy but attractive, dressed in a red dress that does a fine yet impossible job of hiding her massive mounds. 
she sits me down in the lounge and we run through a bunch of info I'll need to know for this thing to go well, breathing, numbers to estimate closeness to orgasm, a couple other bits. the whole point being to get you as close to Cummings as possible and keep you there for as long as possible, so some tantra-esque stuff is to be expected. I signed up for the butt stuff, so I figured I'd take it all as seriously as possible. she's warm but clearly trying to convey a bunch of information in a timely manner so we can get to the fun. 

her place is amazingly appointed, might be intimidating for those not into the fetish stuff as also does her mistress thing there.

clothes off, showered (an old but clean bathroom) , naked and onto the table.

what follows started with long slow breathes and ended with me laughing and coming harder than I ever have while she jerks me with one hand and has who knows how many fingers up my ass

the middle is really a blur, so intense does your focus get, if you can get your mood right, hand yourself over to her and let yourself be her plaything for a bit, holy fuck.

there was massage, her repositioning you for better access, lomilomi moves, bodyslides (those tits... damn), cock stroking, light scratches, lots of but play but almost entirely with her fingers.

she clearly knows what she's doing, communication is constant and reassuring. she's 100% focused on you

if this review sounds gushing it's only because that's what I did by her hands

a 2 hour session at 400 bucks is a big buy in especially for this sort of service when she doesn't offer shorter, but I don't think it would work as a shorter thing, the definition of a punt I guess.

wir: yep but I don't often have the time or dosh

ps. sorry for the lack of reviews, I had moved overseas and just got back to Sydney, finally settling in :-)

Sent from my Pixel using Tapatalk


Floor: #2
Post Time: 11th March 2018, 10:34 AM
Poster ID: pharqueme
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Artemisia de vine

Establishment : private, chippendale

Date of Visit : 10 March 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Exquisite ANAL & PROSTATE massage with full body lomlomi & edging, cock massage AVAIL THIS WEEKEND - Sydney body rubs - backpage.com.au

Rates : $500 120 minute with HJ & prostate massage

Age : mid 40's

Size/shape : BBW huge tits

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : massage/hj/lomi/lingham/prostate/edging

Value for money/recommend? : Yes!

My experience/comments :

Like Termi, I have seen his lady advertise for quite awhile.
She doesn't normally work weekends but this weekend seems to be an exception.
I was extremely interested in experiencing her arse play and prostate massage. In the past, I have found the majority of MLs to be hopeless at this.

It was easy to make a booking and I secured her first slot on Saturday morning.
When I arrived, I was met by a huge set of breasts tightly bound in a full length dress.

Initially, I thought the 30 minute interview would be a waste of time, however, it really helped the session. We learnt more about each other and she explained in detail what she would do and methods to enhance my pleasure and how to communicate with her where I was on her 1-10 cumming scale so she could best do the ending, which turned out to be excellent.

After a shower it was onto the massage table; no sheet/towel because the whole experience is an extended lomi type massage.

What followed was an hour and a half of deeply relaxing massage, anal play and undoubtedly the best prostate massage(s) I have ever had. I came big and deep with her maintaining good prostate pressure on the right spot !!

A wind down, another shower and I wobbled off down the street to my car. I felt exhausted but in a.nice way.

Yes, $500 for 90-100 minutes is expensive, but the experience is unique. I didn't mind the cost as now that I'm punting less, I am concentrating on quality and generally, like most things, you get what you pay for. I am well and truely over cheap Asian shops.

It's a tick off the bucket list. Would I return - maybe.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 27th January 2020, 04:35 PM
Poster ID: whiteywhite
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I tried to book Artemisia back in November but she told me she's moved to Melbourne.

Mind you 3 months later and all her ads and websites say she is still in Chippendale.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 4th February 2020, 05:09 PM
Poster ID: Mercurio56
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Check her out in Twitter, which is much clearer that she has moved to Melbourne


