Thread Title: Ashley - Enfield - 0484 341 882
Floor: #1
Post Time: 25th February 2019, 02:22 AM
Poster ID: artfldodger
Post Title: 
 Ashley - Enfield - 0484 341 882
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Ashley

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : Feb 2019 

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://sydney.locanto.com.au/ID_318...DENT-RN-T.html
0484341882

Hours of Business : Not sure

Rates : 
30 minutes $160 
45 minutes $200
60 minutes $250 

Age : 23 but looks older

Size/shape : Shapely

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : Massage

Value for money/recommend? : May be...

My experience/comments : 

I have seen the add before and no reviews.. so I thought she might be new and might be down to earth and I could make a connection for a regular hookup  

I was in the area so I messaged her.. she responded within 20 mins... and was available within an hour... so I made the appointment for 30 min session. Access was easy.. its in a new apartment block. She let me into the carpark and thats convenient.. rocked up to the door and knocked... she opened the door... dressed in some shorts and red star covering her nipples... oh god... not a good look... it wasn't sexy at all.. looked like one of those cheap hookers  Anyway I walked in and she said $160..I paid the money and she shows me the shower... I told her I just had a shower.. she said sorry its mandatory... i went into the shower... and the light is broken and she had candles.. lol.. I had a quick shower in the dark and walked out... 

she offered to dry me..she went down on her knee and started drying my jewels .. she blew some air on my dick.. for a min I thought she was going to give me bj.. lol... then she asked me to put m y finger in her mouth... that felt nice.. she was deep throating my finger while she was drying my dick and balls. Shen then asked me to lay on the bed face down... and got fully naked. 

she has a good body.. big boobs but fake.. her ass is shapely but bit small.. she started applying oil and started body slides... she started licking my ear.. and then put ice cube inside her mouth and was sliding it up and down on my back..    its was cold.. but also felt nice... Then she kept saying that I have a cute ass... and she spread the cheeks.. I got excited when she started blowing air into it.. and thats it... she didn't do any tickle tickle in my ass like mimi does.  Boobls felt like rubber... its a bit too firm for my liking. 

The I turn over .. she does some acrobatic style movements.. she went 69 wanking me ... I was playing with her pussy... she encouraged me and put some jell .. i spread the pussy lips and blew air in to it... she said that was nice... then she slid and was licking my nipples while I was licking hers..then she turner around and started licking my ear and started wanking me vigorously.. I asked her to slow dow but she want me to cum and I blew my load... she cleaned up .. asked me if I wanted to come again... and said I had 8 mins left.. I said nah... she then gave me foot massage in 69 position and while I was massaging her pussy.... she seemed to enjoy it... so I thought may be she will enjoy bit of finger fucking... she said ... you cheeky... when I get to know you better I'll let you finger duck me... Time finished and had another shower in the dark and left... I checked the time and I was only thee for 30 mins... so she seemed to be a clock watcher and the experience felt like more mechanical than personal...  I may return if I'm desperate... lol


