Thread Title: Ashley - Maitland ex Melbourne - 0448 000 481
Floor: #1
Post Time: 14th April 2019, 06:37 PM
Poster ID: sleazyryder
Post Title: 
 Ashley - Maitland ex Melbourne - 0448 000 481
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Ashley

Establishment : Dental Clinic in Maitland ( I kid you not!)

Date of Visit : April 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://maitland.locanto.com.au/ID_3...i-Massage.html


Contact URL : Ashy Fay Wellness


Phone : 0448000481

Hours of Business : Different days not Sunday and not days when dentist is working. Last appointment by 5pm

Rates : $65 half hr $100 one hour $150 ninety minutes

Age : says 29 in ad admitted to early 30's in person

Size/shape : Tall slender nice booty 6'1" 185cm size 12 B cuppers

Nationality or Ethnicity : Mixed Eurasian Polynesian. Maori English mix. Born in Aussie Good looking with tribal tattoos 

Services Provided : Kahuna Lomi Lomi

Value for money/recommend? : Depends if you are into the tease. If you want handy or something else perhaps not.

My experience/comments:

Ashley is very cautious about who she sees.You May need to go gently if you want to see her. Be respectful and don't hint at anything sexual or sensual.

That of course can change when you visit but fair warning she is an accomplished Martial Artist.

I made an appointment with plenty of time to run. The venue is at a dental medical surgery in Maitland proper. For those interstate Maitland is an original old settlement town in the Hunter Valley region close to Singleton and Newcastle.
 Parking is awkward so best get in early with enough time to find a park. The cobblestone roadway is the place to park then walk back to the clinic.

If you follow the contact details you can research and work out the venue for yourself.
Now there is only a toilet no shower so prepare to get oiled up. 
Not great if you like clean or access to that however Ash does use warm steamed towels to clean the oil up afterwards.

So arrived a bit early. She runs appointments back to back with little time between. I thought that's a good sign. 
Well you know what thought did!

Was greeted at the external door after buzzing This tall good looking lass let's me in to the waiting room reception area and shows me to the massage room. I ask to and use the bathroom.
It is about just under a 2 hour drive from Sydney. M1 has roadwork to delay your journey so add extra time on to the allotted time to arrive if journeying from Sin City.

Shown to a dark room and she left for me to get ready. Take it all off was the instruction.
 Now I paid upfront and let her see I have more money if she was thinking about cash as King.

Well I got naked as per instruction and had the dinky towel over my arse. It's more of a tease covering the access and then ignoring the cover to handle the goods.

Ashley uses plenty of coconut oil and lets her hands brush past and touch at times your tackle. Uncertain as to how deliberate this is but it had me hard and aware that I had paid for a long tease and not much else.

The table is uncomfortable and needs replacing.

The massage as very ordinary by any standard. If asked would I return the answer would have to be no.

But with Ashley I garnered a lot of valuable Intel most for our Southern stars in Melbourne which was where she was domiciled and worked in Collingwood for a number of years.

The conversation flowed and I had the feeling that if I were to return she would do more even though she denied ever doing shit.

Well boys if you are in Melbourne and have been punting for some time you will likely recognise her pic and the fact she advertised as a sensual therapist. 

I will endeavour to post her pic to this review.
However if you follow her URL you will find her pic on there.

Ashy Fay Wellness

Now it was clear to me that Ashley is a case of YMMV but having used two burners to get an appointment and one clearly was ignored by her suggesting that she vets with a vengeance.

She likely would have been better at the massage had I elected for the hour only.
I was a little excited at getting the appointment however wisdom is always better when endowed with hindsight.

I broke my own mantra by paying up front but was concerned she might turn out like some others using language to languish in the lame ways of the lazy.
Well it felt like she had adopted the lazy mantel of the Lomi Lomi. Roamey roamey.  The effort was sub par the massage lame as and the money laid away so my fault for being silly.

Note to self NEVER PAY UPFRONT!

So 75 minutes of underbody work and I had decided to channel my energy once again and I managed to guide her to my sensitive zones and had a partial fullbody orgasm. She didn't blink. Uncertain if she was aware of what was going on. 
There really is an art to being able to put mind over matter and create your own sensory based orgasms.

Now it was an internal orgasm as I had no wish to offend or upset however I thought this is way too much work for me. 
So she wasn't fazed at the happenings and continued chatting away.

She is probably best value with a shorter time. I got some intel that was very interesting but not that useful for my purposes ATM.

WIR maybe depending upon whether or not another member or members have had success with her. 
I suspect she does what she wants but appears to be honest about most things.

So looks 8/10
Lomi Lomi nah not bothered with rating
Chatting 9/10
Setting 6/10 
Table comfort 3/10
Friendliness 9/10

Now before I wrap this review.

Ashley informed me she works with others in the clinic.

She said she has someone working in another room but I never heard nor saw anyone else. So find credibility lacking there.

She claims she works one or two days as a dental assistant. That is probably true.

She uses the room there on specific days when the premises are not being used by a dentist.

It's all very different but likely done to multitask and utilise the rooms instead of leaving them idle.

Let me know if anyone has seen her before or indeed had any action.

Thanks for reading as always.





Above is her locanto ad pic. 
A good likeness.

SR.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 16th April 2019, 06:16 AM
Poster ID: sleazyryder
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Now surely there must be a Victorian or two who has sampled this tall gazelles massage and received either a fantastic massage with or without extra services or just an ordinary massage like the one I got.

Someone please. Is it a matter of Nothing to see here?

SR.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 17th April 2019, 06:10 AM
Poster ID: sleazyryder
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
This is another picture of Ashley from her website.


SR.


