Thread Title: Ava - Baulkham Hills - 0403 149 873
Floor: #1
Post Time: 5th September 2019, 10:17 PM
Poster ID: Jamesremus
Post Title: 
 Ava - Baulkham Hills - 0403 149 873
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Ava

Establishment : PML

Date of Visit : August 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.buysearchsell.com.au/ad/5020466/

Phone :0403 149 873

Hours of Business : Unsure, I would suggest you plan ahead. Ava works as a live in aged carer. You will most likely have to work around her schedule. 

Rates : 1 hour $200

Age : 30's

Size/shape : Short, however she has lovely curves, a round ass and big tits!

Nationality or Ethnicity : 

Services Provided : Asian (Mix)

Value for money/recommend? : Massage, NHJ

My experience/comments :My experience/comments : I came across Ava's advertisement in Buy Search Sell and decided I'd take a chance. I called her and arranged an appointment for later that afternoon. Ava has a rather exotic look; she is quite short but has curves, a big round ass and beautiful breasts. I quite liked the dichotomy of here petite frame yet voluptuous figure. 

I was directed up the stairs to a bedroom where a towel was laid out on the bed. Ava and I exchanged small talk; she actually works in aged care and has recently moved here from Queensland. Ava provides a soft handed massage, certainly not therapeutic and not overly erotic. Oddly enough she massaged me with a single hand for most of the experience. I was quite disappointed with this aspect of the experience.

Ava slowly builds up the sexuality of the encounter. Ava included a body slide, however she remained by my side and simply rubbed her breasts all over my back. Not quite the body to body contact I was hoping for. 

I was asked to flip over, as Ava massaged my chest, arms, legs as well as another body slide. Ava began to stoke my cock and playfully (i.e. very lightly) licks my balls. Shortly after I climax, Ava promptly cleans me up and asks if I wanted a shower. I have a quick shower and head out.  

Overall, I'm slightly mixed. I doubt I will be back, as it was a touch pricey, however I did really love her small, but curvy figure and we did have a nice chat.


