Thread Title: Bella - Rosebery - 0478 767 745
Floor: #1
Post Time: 14th August 2013, 04:10 PM
Poster ID: crazyjk
Post Title: 
 Bella - Rosebery - 0478 767 745
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Bella


Establishment : Private



Date of Visit : July 2013



Contact Details/Address/Weblink : BEAUTIFUL BELLA - BUSTY - SEXY .... Sensual Massage - Eastern Suburbs | Adult services | Erotic | Cracker



Hours of Business : Appointment Only



Rates : $100 30min



Age : 25-28



Size/shape : 8-10 Firm and Toned



Nationality or Ethnicity : Looks European



Services Provided : RnT



Value for money/recommend? : Yes, Would see her again



My experience/comments : Called up and made an appointment was texted address and made my way down. Nice newish apartment building off a main road. Knocked on door and WOW wasn't what I was expecting as she was wearing a black lace dress and black G. Pay, undressed and onto a massage table her massage is 10/10 with some teasing in between quiet chatty which I don't mind lovely girl. Her HJ was good she allowed touching on her ass and boobs didn't try anything more. Not sure if any extras maybe for regulars. Would go see her again.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 14th August 2013, 04:12 PM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Bella's Cracker ad,

"If you like the dark, sexy and curvy look of Kim K ... then you will like me ... I’m Bella  

- Attractive and sexy 
- Mediterranean mix female 
- Beautiful long dark hair 
- Very dark eyes and olive/white skin 
- Full lips and a beautiful face 
- I am 5’3’’ with a body shaped like an hourglass 
- Very busty DD/E size natural firm bust 
- Small waist and a curvy round ass 

FULL BODY MASSAGE 
No Sex and No Extras 

I am a trained masseuse, so you will get a proper massage. 
I can be gentle or strong when I work on your muscles. 
You get the benefit of a great therapeutic massage and the relaxation of sensual pleasure. 

- Private location in Rosebery 
- Discretion is assured 
- By appointment only 

30 mins - $100 
45 mins - $130 
60 mins - $160 
90 min and 2 hours sessions also available - ask for prices. 
Prices based on bookings 10am to 6pm. 
Bookings made from 7pm are $50 extra. 

BOOKINGS 
Please call from an unblocked mobile phone (no private numbers). Texting is OK, however, I will need to speak to you before I book your session. If I do not answer, please call back again or leave a massage. I will discreetly return your call. 

I look forward to speaking with you soon. 
Bella"

0478 767 745


Floor: #3
Post Time: 14th August 2013, 04:17 PM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I think crazyjk you may have found a find.

Tineye reports no duplicates of the blue clad cleavage ("Bella purple") picture.

When you say, 




 Originally Posted by crazyjk

..and WOW wasn't what I was expecting as she was wearing a black lace dress and black G.


, was the WOW because she looks as good as the pix ?


Floor: #4
Post Time: 14th August 2013, 06:13 PM
Poster ID: rabman
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Did she nude up?
I saw her about a year ago but she kept her clothes on.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 14th August 2013, 06:29 PM
Poster ID: crazyjk
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Indeed the WOW is a good one.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 14th August 2013, 06:30 PM
Poster ID: crazyjk
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Nope tits came out to play with but it all stayed on.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 14th October 2013, 09:48 PM
Poster ID: FrankParkinson
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Bella

Establishment: Private

Date of Visit: October 2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: 0478-767-745

Hours of Business: ?

Rates: $100/30 min, $130/45 min, $160/hr

Age: Late 20s

Size/shape: Pleasantly rounded

Nationality or Ethnicity: Mediterranean

Services Provided: Massage with happy ending

Value for money/recommend?: Not really

My experience/comments:

I've been wanting to visit Bella for some time but only managed to contact her last week. Bella is pleasant and matter-of-fact over the phone, and I arranged a one hour session. She lives in a modern security block and has a very nice flat. She greeted me in a short dressing gown, so didn't get to see her in her full glory initially, but she is quite pretty, although not really my type.

Bella was also quite matter-of-fact getting down to business, as she has the massage table in her lounge room and just has you strip while she waits, and then get up on the table.

The massage was really good: quite firm and deep without being painful, and (with a 1 hour massage anyway) very thorough - she didn't miss anything. She even did my feet after asking permission. This is a masseuse's massage. Part way through she had me lift my backside into the air and she pulled the wedding tackle out from under me and gave it a gentle rub before continuing with the massage. Later asking me to roll over, I thought my time had come, but she gave it another rub and then started massaging the front of my body. She did this a few times - getting me hard and then continuing on with the body massage. A bit disconcerting, but ok once you work out what is happening.

Then comes the finale, and all in all it was a bit of a disappointment, particularly given the skill she had shown up to then. She pointed the wedding tackle downwards, towards my feet, and directed the vital fluids at a pile of tissues to avoid making a mess. Understandable given her immaculate flat, but not very satisfying for this customer in particular.

I'd have to rate the massage well above average, but not the finale - it was rather ordinary. If you just want a good massage, you could probably get one just as good from a regular masseuse for a lot less money, and if you want a grand finale, a much better one can be had for the same or less. On that basis I probably won't be going back.


Floor: #8
Post Time: 15th October 2013, 10:59 AM
Poster ID: BiggusDickus
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Its sounds like Bella is still up to her old tricks. She has been around for a couple of years now. She almost dislocated my dick and I had to spring off the table in order to save myself from an awkward injury. Not sure she has a full grasp on the male anatomy. painful Geez you betcha! Talk about Pun ishment!

Over priced over the top no this no that no the other. Unfortunately Fart she is a find best lost down the back of the sofa la te doh!!

Ouch!   


That is all.

Biggus.


