Thread Title: Bliss Rising - Paddington - 0447 577 525 - Tantric
Floor: #1
Post Time: 12th October 2010, 09:05 AM
Poster ID: PianoMan
Post Title: 
 Bliss Rising - Paddington - 0447 577 525 - Tantric
				
Post Content: 
Has anyone tried this service out? She advertises on Cracker and in a few other places as a full-on tantra massage experience. I'm tempted but it seems pretty expensive, so I'd like to know what I'm in for!


Floor: #2
Post Time: 13th October 2010, 01:11 PM
Poster ID: Jack Kerouac
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
PianoMan,

If she is like a typical tantra princess you are in for a lot of heavy breathing and very little, iif any, sexual activity. What do I mean? She'll talk about stuff, but there won't be any sex.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 19th October 2010, 05:13 PM
Poster ID: ryansphill
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
i have to taranga's place.was experimenting whts tantra all about.turned out to be the same rub n tug.but the experience was good.she gives a light massage and a happy ending.she above 30's.but has a real nice body.i would say its the same rub n tug but with some tantric music.yeah the price seems to be expensive.200 dollars.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 15th December 2010, 05:27 PM
Poster ID: seeking85
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I have seen her twice, once on her own and once with mia in a double session. the single session was okay, she has a fit well maintained butt (from all the yoga she boasts) but her face is not very attractive. She gives a very sensual session though, not alot of cock massage, but plenty of teasing, breathwork and a powerful release at the end. mia looks nothing like her pics, and taranga did most of the cock work in the goddess session, i actually had to stop taranga and let mia have a go! the goddess session seemed to be in its junior stages when i had a go, but yes 300 for a doubles session is too steep for these pair, as is 200 just for taranga. would not recommend...


Floor: #5
Post Time: 12th November 2012, 06:11 AM
Poster ID: Signaturexxx
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
If you think that the prices are expensive for the services offered well YOU ARE SPOT ON!!!

Tarangau is a Kiwi who took the business over from Tracey (a lovely US gal). She (T) believes that when times are tough and money is in short supply increase your prices. She is insane when it comes to charging for this and charging for that. An overpriced r&t if you can call it that.
Watch out for the new bs of a Bondassage which sounds heaps better than what it is.

T is a conartist whilst Mia is caught up with her through loyalty but is now massaging out on her own in East Sydney. Mia is more realist with genuine prices and a good lomi lomi massage to boot.

Recommendation is to try Mia and give the Bliss the flick!


Floor: #6
Post Time: 12th November 2012, 07:19 AM
Poster ID: Shark67
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
There's a reason why the NZ economy is in the s bend. This just reinforces it.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 12th November 2012, 08:04 AM
Poster ID: callaway999
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Ay contact details for Mia?


Floor: #8
Post Time: 12th November 2012, 09:43 PM
Poster ID: rabman
Post Title: 
 Bliss Rising - Paddington
				
Post Content: 
Hi Signature. I noticed Mia advertising on gumtree. Do you know if she does hj with the lomi lomi massage?
Also can you describe Mias looks. 
Thanks


Floor: #9
Post Time: 13th November 2012, 02:50 AM
Poster ID: Signaturexxx
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Rabman She surely does do a hj. Mia is blonde mid forties and fairly fit with a good figure. She will do nude if you ask beforehand. She works from her studio in East Sydney. She is rather pleasant but does perspire a little if that bothers you. it didn't bother me. She had not done a hj before about a year or so ago. I broke her in before that she just did doubles with Taranga and let the Kiwi do the HJ. She actually does better when working for herself so I encouraged her to go out on her own.
She is from interstate and the country. She is an artist and has no problems with nuding up as long as it is arranged. She is around the $100 for a good hour with hj and nude when i last saw her several months ago. I wouldn't bother trying anything else with Mia as this woulkd probably be met with with her retreating from the industry.

I would give her 7/10 for the looks 6/10 for the massage and 6.5/10 for the hj. Overall a fantasy ticked off for me. But too many other mountains to conquer to go back.
The Lomi Lomi is okay but there is no shower so expect to do this before you arrive and make your own arrangements after.
When she works with the Kiwi she taskes a submissive role which I don't think she is comfortable with.
Parking is hell and if you are familiar with the area nostalgia will bring back some old memories of liverpool street brothels and stanley street crown street and palmer street girls.

All in all worth paying a visist if you need to tick a blonde off your list. Bon chance!


Floor: #10
Post Time: 4th February 2013, 09:20 AM
Poster ID: seeking85
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
saw mia a few month back after encouraging her to go on her own, similar to the above poster! she nudes up with ease and gives an okay handjob, but the massage room is in a studui of an art gallery in darlinghurst, so I had to contend dodging eye contact and weird looks from the various people in the gallery! would visit her more often if it was in a more private spot.


Floor: #11
Post Time: 7th January 2020, 03:14 PM
Poster ID: whiteywhite
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Taranga

Establishment : Private in Cooks Rd Centennial Part

Date of Visit : Jan 2020

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Sensual and Erotic Massage Sydney | Hens Party Sydney

Phone :0447 577 525

Hours of Business : 10 - late

Rates : $300 for Hour Prostate and Anal Massage

Age : 50

Size/shape : Average, a few extra KG's

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : Tantra / Anal / Prostate Massage

Value for money/recommend? : Hmmm

My experience/comments : 

I thought i'd give Taranga a go as she advertises a few different services including an special sensual massage with Anal and Prostate Massage. Expensive, if she knew her stuff i'd be ok with the spend.

Rock up to her unit and into the shower for a pre-wash. She asked me to be quick due to water restrictions etc. I felt from the beginning that she was a little cold and standoffish, and that never totally went away.

Anyway, onto the massage table which has one of those attachable head rings, and strangely a small hammock contraption for you to put your hands in. I guess maybe it stops wondering hands?

Anway, she started the massage which took a good 30-40mins and to be honest it was totally crap. 2/10.
Eventually, when I was pretty bored and totally soft, she donned two gloves and started some crack massage. I'm going to say that she may have read about anal massage, but isn't very good at it. Eventualy she got around to asking if she could enter me, I said yes, and she put in a finger. I asked for more, and she tried to tell me i couldn't take it, so I insisted and she put in a second. She did a bit of un-satisfying finger fucking, but then she started on the prostate massage. 
Thank god, she actually knows where the prostate is and how to massage it.
She managed to give me two prostate orgasms, before i had to make her stop as I couldn't handle it a third.

At this point she made me flip, during which her clothes disappeared. Sh said i could touch her bum and back but nothing else. Her tits were actually good, the rest.. well...
Anyway, she then performed a pretty decent HJ and I blew all over the place.

So..

Prostate massage 10/10
HJ Technique 6/10
Anal Massage 3/10
Body Massage 2/10


