Thread Title: Bonita - Guildford - 0405 580 986
Floor: #1
Post Time: 18th July 2019, 05:24 PM
Poster ID: poiuytrewq
Post Title: 
 Bonita - Guildford - 0405 580 986
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Bonita

Establishment : Private apartment in Guildford

Date of Visit : Early June

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.escortsandbabes.com.au/P.../Bonita8/#real

Phone : 0405 580 986

Hours of Business : Varies - always seems to change. Check updates on escortandbabes

Rates : $100 incl. bbbj+HE

Age : 43

Size/shape : curvy, well kept for her age. 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Latino 

Services Provided : massage, bbbj, HE

Value for money/recommend? : for the $100, yes.

My experience/comments : Have been skimming past this ad on escortandbabes for awhile and decided to finally try her out. Her place is easy enough to find, just a few minutes from the train station. Was let in by Bonita, classic long curly hair and her body checked out with the pictures she put on the advertisement. She escorted me to the bedroom with your standard bed-that-is-used-as-a-massage-table-with-a-towel-on-it setup. Her ad specifies that it is under her discretion whether she will go ahead with FS with her clients or not so if anyone is interested in that, it'd be best to ask at the beginning of your appointment. 
She stripped fully nude and started a plain oil back-rub. It wasn't long at all when she started massaging my cock and balls as I was face-down. After 5 minutes of teasing she turned me over and started a -meh bbbj. It felt nice when she rubbed her fat lips against the side and tip of my cock, but when it got to the actual sucking, it was quite toothy. 
I hand-motioned her to do hj instead as I wasn't quite feeling the bbbj and that got me over the line in a few minutes. 

All in all, I would say it was decent use of $100 considering it was private place, bbbj, and exotic latino.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 10th November 2019, 06:27 AM
Poster ID: trapper
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Bonita

Establishment : Private residence in Guildford

Date of Visit : August 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://sydney.locanto.com.au/ID_242...-NAT-ORAL.html

Phone : 0405580986

Hours of Business : Daytime up to 6pm

Rates : 100 for 30 min

Age : 40's

Size/shape : Voluptuous, around 165cm , huge tits

Nationality or Ethnicity : Puerto Rican

Services Provided : RnT + BBBJ

Value for money/recommend? : Cheap enough, friendly, but won't return

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)
I forgot about this one as it was rather unmemorable, Bonita is friendly eager to please but she just didn't do it for me, massage was a bit on the ordinary side  ,she did a cursory back rub whilst I was lying on my stomach, which didn't go for long.
She got me to roll over , a little bit of rubbing on my legs and immediately gave me her sanitised version of a BBBJ, she just basically put her lips on it , no tongue, no movement, and in all honesty she just wasn't doing it for me, so I had to assist her in finishing me off.
Guildford is way too far for me to contemplate seeing Bonita considering the service she gave, she did say she would be probably going back to Puerto Rico in the near future.


