Thread Title: Brooke - Parramatta - 0449 134 945
Floor: #1
Post Time: 17th January 2014, 04:36 PM
Poster ID: FrankieLee
Post Title: 
 Brooke - Parramatta - 0449 134 945
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Brooke

 Establishment : Private

 Date of Visit : Mid January 2014

 Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Cracker Ad, Ph: 0449134945 
http://cracker.com.au/parramatta-cen...urn=1&pageno=1

 Hours of Business : Whenever, I am guessing. I didn't ask. I visited at lunchtime for 30 mins.

 Rates : 30min massage for $100. F/S $150 half hour, 45 mins $175,  $200 hour

 Age : Ad says 37. It is accurate

 Size/shape : Would be at least size 16-18.

 Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

 Services Provided : Massage and HJ, in the nude. Offers F/S also.

 Value for money/recommend? : Nah....spend it elsewhere guys.

Cracker ad copied:
Hi, I'm Brooke. 

I Am 37 years old cheeky, feminine and a little shy.but also and very ........ 
I provide a sensual service massage, body to body and free deepthroat.( very good at it and enjoy what I do) HALF HOUR MASSAGE $100 
WITH SEX AS WELL$150 half hour45 mins $175 or an hour $200 hour. 
I'm friendly very discreet and I' m not a clock watcher.when were done were done. 
Free parking 
Am 178 cms tall, long golden blonde hair,fair complexion with some freckles,large ee cup breasts( all mine) with a curvy womanly figure. 
40 minutes notice is enough sorry no natural services.no private numbers. 



I visited Brooke today for a massage after reading her ad which stated Deepthroat, and how she was very good at it.
Let's get one thing straight here.....it was NOT deep, and she was NOT good at it.

I made contact via SMS which was easy and made my way to a private townhouse complex on the South side of the Great Western Hwy at Parramatta where I called for final address.

Met her at her door, she is not ugly, but not the most gorgeous face, and she was reasonably large.

She asked if I wanted F/S or a massage and I opted for the massage. She told me to get my gear off and up I was onto the massage table right next to her kitchen. No shower offered before or after.

Off with HER clothes, and nothing was very inspiring unfortunately. She then started a very plain old back rub with some run of the mill Woolworths Vaseline Body Moisturiser.

This massage covered my back....then thighs...then calves....then nothing. Was asked to turn over, no tackle interest was shown at all. I was struggling to roll over with any kind of bone at all!

On the turn over, she had a brief play with my cock, and then put a condom on and started the BJ. By now, I am thinking that all I'll be taking away from this would be a nice CBJ with some deepthroat action. Fuck was I wrong....she just started sucking away on me with furious gusto...to the point that it wasn't really enjoyable at all. But more than that, I was just dumbfounded to wonder what the fuck this woman thinks deepthroat is. There was absolutely nothing close to deep throat at all..... I was actually a little annoyed at the blatant false advertising!! I'm certainly not hung like a pigeon, but I'm by no means going to be mistaken for a racehorse in a cock-lineup. So to say she provides deepthroat is just rubbish. The BJ was also a little toothy Mrs Marsh.

Throughout this, she is standing well away and out of reach so there was no touching at all, and not even and fondling of the nuts.

I will say however, she was quite chatty and seemed pretty friendly.

All in all though, guys, save your money. I didn't come away with nightmares from this punt, but it was certainly forgettable....maybe if you are in the area and need to get one off you could drop in, but I won't be back.

Cheers, Shane


Floor: #2
Post Time: 17th January 2014, 04:48 PM
Poster ID: Binga
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Sorry to hear about that one Shane. A definite TOFTT there.

Looking at the pictures and reading the Cracker ad, this would appear to be the same woman who as been reviewed in the Private Girls thread known as Claudia. She has a number of different ads and numbers on Cracker, mostly in the Central Western Sydney section but also in some of the other regions. She has a few different pictures that she uses, but generally the ads will read the same.

I had been thinking about seeing her for a while, but the one thing that had put me off was that at times when she has her 4 or 5 ads going, there can be 2 different prices for the FS aspect (massage + CBJ seems stagnant at $100/30 mins now, but FS can either be $130 or $150). Just something about the lack of consistency made me wondered if this would follow through into her service.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 18th January 2014, 08:28 AM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by Binga


...Looking at the pictures and reading the Cracker ad, this would appear to be the same woman who as been reviewed in the Private Girls thread known as Claudia. She has a number of different ads and numbers on Cracker, mostly in the Central Western Sydney section but also in some of the other regions. She has a few different pictures that she uses, but generally the ads will read the same ..
"""



She sure does (have many names and numbers) Binga.

I think this is the thread you mean, http://auxxxreviews.com/forum/f100/c...83/index2.html


Floor: #4
Post Time: 18th January 2014, 05:23 PM
Poster ID: Binga
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
That is indeed the one Farti!


Floor: #5
Post Time: 18th January 2014, 06:18 PM
Poster ID: FrankieLee
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Now....I just don't get why she would have so many names and numbers. Personally, if I made an appointment with another lady and then found out it was the same person I had an ordinary experience with, I would simply turn and walk. Wasting not only my time, but hers too.

There must be a reason I guess.....?


Floor: #6
Post Time: 20th January 2014, 11:07 AM
Poster ID: Binga
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Yes I have always found it quite strange as well. She is not the only one to do this either - there are actually a few that do that on Cracker (Lara/Sabrina the post op is another recent example that comes to mind). Guess you would have to ask them why they feel they have to do it, but more often than not it doesnt work out well for the girl - the punter will ususally walk away.


