Thread Title: Candy - Sydney - 0481 261 426
Floor: #1
Post Time: 28th January 2013, 10:45 AM
Poster ID: Tin
Post Title: 
 Candy - Sydney - 0481 261 426
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Candy

Establishment : Outcall to hotel

Date of Visit : 04/12/2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0481261426  pattcbd@yahoo.com

Hours of Business : 11am till late (does not work all nights)

Rates : $120 an hour

Age : About 25

Size/shape : plump

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : sensual massage, HJ & covered BJ

Value for money/recommend? : yes

My experience/comments :

Was in Sydney for work and thought I'd relieve some tension :-)

Got her details off Locanto, sent her an email to get the ball rolloing.
She was upfront and said she was a little plump and also sent some pictures.

We agreed on a time and rate (came down from $150 to $120) and called me (i've misplaced her mobile numner) when she was outside the hotel and I went down to fetch her.
She requested to use my shower to freshen up and came out only in towel and went straight for my crotch.
After massaging my tool for a bit she took to me the bed and massaged me. Massage was ok but then again I was more interested in what came after.

She turned me over and whilst stroking me was rubbing her pussy on my thigh. Will let you suck her tits and play with her pussy, even rubbing your cock over it but not penetation or fingering.
She then put on a condom and proceeded to blow me. Very good, the girl puts in a lot of effort to make up for her physical attributes.
Asked me if I wanted to come with a BJ or HJ, I opted for the former.

We had 15 min to go so she asked if I wanted to come again. This was a first for me being offered another go, so i went for it. this time a HJ with a lot of oil. This girl knows what she's doing. She ended up being there for an hour 30 minutes without any extra cash.

If you dont mind a girl on the plump side I'd recommend her.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 29th January 2013, 09:44 AM
Poster ID: notforgotten
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
i find it interesting that she uses the email address for working that she also uses for her facebook..... pictures are there to describe her well (and of her luckless partner)


Floor: #3
Post Time: 7th March 2013, 05:21 PM
Poster ID: drworm
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Saw her about a year ago in Ashfield , was texting her for awhile , she sent some pics of her pussy and tits and told me I could do what ever I want to her , so finally went and saw her , she had me standing outside a block of units for 5mins in the rain , finally she showed up , went inside no shower , stripped naked both her and me , plenty of touching but was not allowed to penetrate her was allowed to eat her out for 5mins or so and suck her nipples , massage was alright I guess ( had better and had worse ) received a CBJ with me standing so I could look down and watch , blew after 15mins , got dressed and as I was walking out of the room noticed skid marks on the sheet right where she was sitting , looked at her paid her the $130 and got out of there quick smart


