Thread Title: Carla - Burwood - 0415 919 914
Floor: #1
Post Time: 27th December 2014, 11:47 AM
Poster ID: sandsifter
Post Title: 
 Carla - Burwood - 0415 919 914
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Carla

 Establishment : Private

 Date of Visit : Mid Dec 2014

 Contact Details/Address/ 0415919914..Cracker...Burwood

 Hours of Business : Varies

 Rates : $60 half hr..$100 1 hr

 Age : 40

 Size/shape : Curvy,C cup natural breasts,Full bush,hairy legs

 Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie.

 Services Provided : Massage,hj,cbj

 Value for money/recommend? :Cheap enough but left me a bit flat so a no from me.

Thought I'd try someone new after spotting add on Cracker but found I  had to ring rather than text which caused a few problems as I had to  ring 3 times before an answer telling me could I ring back in 20 as she  was busy.Anyway finally spoke and arranged a time for an hour massage  plus.It was at this point that the warning signs appeared as she sounded  so uninterested on the phone and thought she could only manage half a  hour due to aches and pains.Anyway decided to go for it come what may so  you guys don't have to,lol.

Arrived at Burwood and parked in shopping plaza car park where I was  directed to a unit alongside the railway.A bit rundown,room was  pokey,cats on the bed,corner shower and a small laptop with porn movies  being shown.
Paid her $100 for 45mins with me offering 15 mins massage to her(well  get a bit a legit feel around)We both stripped off,she was curvy,nice  skin,little bit of a  belly,very nice C natural breasts.Made a little  conversation about whereabouts in the world we had both  been,blah,blah,blah.Was told to lay on a towel on the bed(no massage  table)for the massage which I can honestly say in all my experiences was  the the worst,most lame,waste of baby oil massage I've ever had.It was  ,well,nothing really.I think the 2 cats could have done a better job.

Anyway you persevere don't you and so I waited to be told to turn over  and hope for some improvement.On the turnover she started talking about  the porn actors shagging on the laptop asking what I thought of fake  boobs,blah,blah,blah whilst trying to get my cock to join the party.Hand  job wasn't bad and she put the dom on and proceeded to suck heartily  down the shaft.Again it was pretty good and I was feeling close to  blowing but decided to take control and said I would have a break whist I  gave a full massage.Spent a round 15 mins doing front,back and  crack.Not a bad body apart from hairy legs which put mine to shame.Saw  the clock was running down so swapped places so she could finish me off  with a bit of tuition in ball playing and slow stroking to make it as  intense a finale as I could.
All done and dusted and into the shower and out of the door.

To summerise I got the impression she's been around the traps one way or  another for years and seem tired of having to go through the whole  process to make a dollar.It felt a bit of a wasted punt as there are a  few regular girls I see who are the benchmark like Zoe and Mimi and who  never disappoint.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 27th December 2014, 11:59 AM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Carla's Cracker ad, Sexy Blonde woman offers Massage and more - Burwood | Adult services | Erotic | Cracker






Sexy Blonde woman offers Massage and more
(this ad originated from outside australia)

Price: $60.00
Location: Burwood
Viewed: 3137
Date Posted: 18/12/2014
Ad ID: 404470242

Unable to Render Image Unable to Render Image

My name is Carla. Hi there.I offer Erotic Nude Massage at Burwood. A 30 minutes service is $60 and one hour $100.Relief included.Body slides and touching ok.Both fully naked..French(BJ) included.Dildo show an extra $10.Extras considered.Prostate massage an extra $20.Discreet location.I am a ....... 40 year old, genuine dress size 14,long blonde hair,Big blue eyes and gorgeous skin.Man pleaser.Pleasant nature.
Curvy body-not a stick woman.Voluptuous..Firm breasts-C cup-teenager tits.Big nipples.I love to please men erotically and I am naturally horny.I am Australian born but German and Italian by descent but I look more Northern European.Porn films available to watch for free while we play.Made a few sexy movies myself in my younger years.
Days-Monday,Tuesday,Thursday,Friday Saturday.I Do NOT work on Wednesday or Sundays. Strictly by appointment only.No door knockers.No outcalls.
Call the number provided.NO SMS.Bring smaller notes please.
Just a few rules - SMS Ignored and private numbers not answered.No bags or heavy coats allowed inside.Drugged or drunk clients not accepted. Hours: 11.30am - 6.30pm only.
Occasionally I may not be available some days due to other commitments.Please be patient.I am popular.My name is Carla.PRIVATE worker.Parking nearby -1-2 hours free.C U soon.
contact seller
Phone: 0415919914


Floor: #3
Post Time: 27th December 2014, 03:35 PM
Poster ID: SeaRay
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I offer Erotic Nude Massage at Burwood. Included "Dildo Show" "Prostate Massage + $20" 40 year old , long blonde hair , Curvy body-not a stick woman. Firm breasts-C cup- teenager tits, big nipples.
I look more Northern European. Porn films available, Made a few sexy movies myself in my younger years. No door knockers or outcalls, Bring smaller notes please. Just a few rules - NO bags or heavy coats allowed inside . My name is Carla
			
		


From the KEY WORDS this sounds like dirty old VESNA sometimes called MARIA who I have fucked a couple of times from Burwood who has been around for years and has her own threads


Floor: #4
Post Time: 27th December 2014, 04:45 PM
Poster ID: Jack Kerouac
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
No bags or heavy coats?

What's that all about?

Uncle Jack


Floor: #5
Post Time: 27th December 2014, 07:36 PM
Poster ID: Dr Strangelove
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hazarding a guess here, but I imagine she may be concerned about people concealing a camera in them.

Really a mute point there days given how small a camera can be.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 7th January 2015, 08:05 AM
Poster ID: cruiser77
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Anyone else tried her? Dildo show etc for $70 sounds cool - maybe she was having a bad day on the day the original reviewer went....


Floor: #7
Post Time: 7th January 2015, 09:17 AM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by SeaRay


From the KEY WORDS this sounds like dirty old VESNA sometimes called MARIA who I have fucked a couple of times from Burwood who has been around for years and has her own thread
"""
 


Agreed. Good catch SeaRay.

http://auxxxreviews.com/forum/f116/v...05-654-a-7351/


