Floor: #1
Post Time: 14th June 2016, 10:58 AM
Poster ID: Hot_kp
Post Title: 
 Cathy/Tammy - Unanderra - 0403 179 632
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Cathy

Establishment : private

Date of Visit : June 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : advertises in the Illawarra Mercury and works out of a private house in Unanderra 
0403 179 632

Hours of Business : only available Friday's and Saturdays 

Rates : $50/half and $80/hr

Age : in her 40's

Size/shape : stocky sz12

Nationality or Ethnicity : thai

Services Provided : massage with HJ

Value for money/recommend? : yes

My experience/comments : I initially thought this was the same girl from Maugoats review - http://www.auxxxreviews.com/forum/sh...ad.php?t=40239 - but I'm not so sure. Different name and different number though same premises and same MO. Cathy says she normally works in a spa in Artarmon and is only down the 'gong to help her friend out who normally works here whose name is Rose. A bit confusing. 

When the door opened I was met by a nice looking mature lady in a short dark dress. Cathy is a friendly, gentle lady who provided a nice relaxing massage. It was definitely not a 'sports' massage and not remedial but all about relaxation which would come from her other job working in a spa. Where most massages have a 'routine', Cathy's massage was more loose in that she'd gently rub your shoulder and then do a leg then the back and then a bit on the head. All over the place really but very relaxing to the point you're at risk of falling asleep. 

As she does your arse and legs you soooo wish she'd do some tease but she doesn't. No tackle tickle or sensuous touches. Just a relaxing soothing stroking kind of massage. She has very gentle hands and it does feel nice but not the kind of massage I was after in reality. On a plus note she's not fazed by nudity and the towel over you is more for keeping you warm, not to protect your privacy. 

On turn over its more of the same but she does start to touch your cock and her gentle hands definitely get a response. She allows touching but not beneath her panties and she stayed dressed the entire time though I did ask about nude and she was adamant she does not do nude. Her HJ is again very gentle but so well executed it gives a very nice orgasm. All in all a very nice relaxing massage with a satisfactory ending and good VFM. Only real negative is no shower offered and the oil she used was fragrant which may be a deterrent for some.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 19th June 2016, 01:28 PM
Poster ID: maugoat
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
If its the same house, it could be the same ML as the description fits Patty. I notice you reported that she mentioned "Rose". That's interesting as I firest recoded the lady i saw as Rosa but then was told her name is Patty. The guy who lived there actually asked if I was there to see Patty.
Patty/Rose does save punters' phone numbers on her phone so maybe she will only nude up if she has seen you before. Then again maybe Cathy is just a fill in as she said.
Anyway .... great review info Hot_kp!


Floor: #3
Post Time: 19th September 2019, 03:30 PM
Poster ID: slim99
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Tammy

Establishment :  Private

Date of Visit : 19/09/19

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :  Ad in the Illawarra Mercury,  private house in Unanderra  0403 179 632

Hours of Business : Thursdays, Fridays and Saturdays only.

Rates : $60/half and $80/hr

Age : 45'ish

Size/shape : Size 12, but chubby. 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Massage with HJ

Value for money/recommend? :  Yes

My experience/comments : Pretty sure that 'Tammy' is/was Cathy/Patty/Rose or whoever. She mentioned that she previously worked out of a house in Unanderra further, but the owner sold it so she had to move on.
Same phone number as those previous reviews quote. Gave her a ring, she texted the address (not far from Unanderra swimming pool) and asked me to park in the back yard 'out of sight'. Was met by a pretty, happy and friendly woman with a big smile. Took 30 mins/$60 and laid on the bed, she immediately jumped astride my back. AS she massaged my neck and shoulders, she started rocking back and forth; at first I thought it was just to get leverage on her hands. Then the rocking increased but the massage intensity did not so I let out a little moan of appreciation which was reciprocated with a giggle.  Then after a while she got off me, took of an item of clothing, and then remounted facing my feet. She massaged my butt and legs, but then started to alternate with a vigorous ball and arse crack rub (with more giggles). Finally I couldn't wait any more so rolled over and she laid on top of me while jerking me off. Massage itself was pretty lack lustre, but when the play time started it was excellent. Her English is also excellent!


Floor: #4
Post Time: 28th October 2019, 05:23 PM
Poster ID: slim99
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Tammy

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit :  24/10/19

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Ad in the Illawarra Mercury, private house in Unanderra 0403 179 632

Hours of Business : Thursdays, Fridays and Saturdays only (But sometimes Tuesday too if ad is in Mercury).

Rates : $60/half and $80/hr

Age : 45'ish

Size/shape : Size 12, chunky.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Massage with HJ.

Value for money/recommend? : Yes
Round #2:  I decided that seeing as the massage was not my desired style last time, I would cut to the chase. Had Tammy in an embrace and she started to grind against me so reciprocated and then freed up her nipples and gave them some attention (all while standing). I then laid on the bed and she laid besides me and we kissed gently, quite a GFE. As no massage was going to happen, encourage a slow session of kissing, touching and finally the finish was a bit of Spanish then a nice HJ. All very nice, and a  nice pretty lady.


