Thread Title: Catherine - Dee Why - 9982 7997
Floor: #1
Post Time: 23rd November 2017, 11:05 PM
Poster ID: paunchy
Post Title: 
 Catherine - Dee Why - 9982 7997
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Catherine

Establishment : Private unit in commercial district of Dee Why

Date of Visit : Monday 20 November, 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Telephone 9982 7997: no website or online advertisement; advertisement in Manly Daily only: "Aussies at Dee Why.  Body rub with Slim Brunettes.  Firm or relaxing.  Qualified.  No sex. Open 7 days. 11am - 7pm".

Hours of Business : 11:00 to 7:00 advertised, but each time I rang, I was told that there were no appointments until about 4:00.

Rates : $60 / 30 mins, $100 / 60 mins, includes nude massage and HJ

Age : Probably late 30s or well-preserved 40s

Size/shape : Fairly tall, slim, medium-sized natural breasts (but saggy)nice face, very attractive body, unblemished by tattoos.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : Nude deep tissue  and sensual massage and double HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes, Catherine is excellent value, an attractive, reasonably young Australian lady providing an old-fashioned service at old-fashioned prices. She is nude throughout the massage, likes to be touched, and is willing to make her client ejaculate twice.  As well as the sensual element, she also gives a very thorough deep-tissue massage.  A girl-next-door type, not at all tarty.

My experience/comments:

When I was browsing the online Manly Daily for the first time, my eyes were immediately drawn to the advertisement for "Aussies at Dee Why, body rub with slim brunettes".  Non-Asian MLs are something of a rarity these days, and usually available at a premium reflecting their scarcity.  Intrigued, I resolved to follow this advertisement up, even though Dee Why is a bit out of the way for me.  Imagine my surprise when on making a telephone enquiry I was told that the service was a fully nude massage with HR for only $60 for 30 minutes and $100 for the hour!  Those were prices that I remember paying back in the 90s.  This was a bit like finding a service station that is selling petrol for under a dollar a litre.

Naturally my resolve to give this place a try was reinforced, but when I enquired if I could make an appointment for the early afternoon, the lady told me that the earliest available appointment was not available until about 4:00, which was not convenient for me as I did not want to get caught in peak-hour traffic.  I tried again about a week later, ringing just after the opening time of 11:00, in the hope that the earlier appointment times would not be taken as yet; however, I got the same story, no appointments available until 4:00 because all the earlier ones had been taken by regulars.  I asked whether I could get an early afternoon appointment if I made it the day before, but the lady told me that they only took advance bookings from regulars who could be relied on to keep those bookings.  It was on this occasion that I decided to try Gemma at Brookvale, which turned out to be a felicitous decision, as is shown by my review of that lady.

A week or so later I tried for a third time, and for a third time got the same story.  Nevertheless, I was so determined to determined to try this lady out that I bit the bullet and made a one-hour appointment for 4:30; if I got caught in peak-hour traffic afterwards, so be it.  Thus it was that I set off shortly after 3:00; the traffic was rather heavy, and it took me an hour to get to Dee Why.  The address was a rear unit behind a suite of offices in a commercial area, with a discreet entrance through the parking area.  I knocked on the door, which only bore a unit number, and was greeted by a rather attractive lady in a black dress, who looked as if she were in her late 30s or early 40s. As soon as I saw her I had the impression that I had seen her before somewhere, but I could not think where; she introduce herself as Catherine, but the name did not ring any bells.  However, I did not pursue this issue with her any further.

In the room she left me to undress and make myself comfortable.  After a few minutes she returned and casually slipped out of her little back dress to reveal a very attractive body, slim but not skinny, with natural breasts of a good size, if somewhat droopy.  Her pubic area was fully shaved, showing her nice vulva.  In line with my normal practice, I asked her to massage my penis at the beginning while I stood, and a second time at the end, to which she agreed quite nonchalantly.  At this point I expected her to ask for the money up front, but she did not; she just oiled up my penis and began massaging it rather vigorously.  We were standing side by side facing the table, and as she worked on my penis I caressed her shoulders, back and buttocks, which seemed to please her.  Before too long I ejaculated onto the towel she had laid on the table, rather more forcefully than I normally do, a tribute to the delightful manner in which she massaged my penis.  As I requested, she continued to massage the sensitive head of my penis for a few minutes, resulting in post-orgasm of such intensity that eventually I had to ask her to stop.

Now began the more therapeutic part of the massage.  Catherine asked if I had any particular areas that needed attention, and I indicated my left shoulder which often gets an ache due to my being left-handed.  I lay down on the table, which unfortunately was rather narrow, leaving me nowhere to place my arms easily. Catherine now commenced an extremely firm deep-tissue massage of my left should and back, with quite heavy pressure that really got into the knots.  I was actually surprised that she was able to keep up such firm pressure without stopping for practically the whole of the massage, to the extent that it became a bit painful at certain points.  It was obvious that Catherine was a fully trained masseuse, and had had a lot of experience in giving legitimate therapeutic massages.

The deep-tissue massage continued at least a good half hour, with Catherine going over my back, buttocks, thighs and lower legs about three times, smoothing me out completely.  Then the massage became more sensual; she leant over me, and I could feel her soft breasts rubbing over my back and buttocks.  After a few minutes of that treatment, she began  a very sensual tackle tickle, that began softly and gradually became more intimate, with her hands roaming up and down my thighs and reaching between my buttocks to caress my balls.  This went on for some time, and eventually she said I could turn over whenever I was ready; the tackle-tickle was so good that I let her continue for a few minutes more before finally turning over.  Catherine then commenced the second massage of my penis that was even better than the first, with her giving it a lot of soft and gentle teasing that got it very sensitive.  The teasing was quite prolonged, until she started a more determined rubbing that brought me to my second orgasm without any trouble at all, with my second ejaculation also being somewhat stronger than usual.

After wiping me down with a wet towel, Catherine spent the last few minutes with a firm massage of the front of my thighs.  Finally it was time to get up, and as I did so I looked at the clock; it was a couple of minutes past 5:30, indicating that I had been given my full hour, another plus for Catherine.  I got dressed and gave Catherine her $100, which was a bargain price for her outstanding service, combining sensual and remedial elements.

At this point Catherine asked what I had planned for the rest of the day, to which I replied that later in the evening I would be going to my regular choir practice.  This seemed to strike a chord with her, since she immediately showed great interest, asking me all about the choral work I was involved in.  She said that she had always wanted to sing, and would really like to learn to sing properly, although she pitied the teacher who would have to put up with her.  We had quite a conversation on this topic, which was a nice way to end my time with Catherine.

I asked her whether she worked every day, and she replied that she generally did, but sometimes would take a day off, or would not work the full hours.  I asked if there was anyone else working with her, and she told me that until recently she had been working with another lady, but that that other lady now had a boyfriend who had pressured her into giving this line of work (perhaps he did not like the idea of her getting her hands on penises that might be more impressive than his).  The upshot was that she was now holding the fort by herself, and I gained the impression that that was the likely reason why appointments were not available before 4:00; probably the other lady had worked the earlier shift, and Catherine was unable to take over.

It was now getting close to 6:00 and time to drive home.  Despite my earlier fears, I was gratified to find that the traffic was quite light on both Pittwater and Mona Vale Roads, lighter than it had been when I was driving to Dee Why, and I was able to get home in good time.

In summary, this was an outstanding experience, and I have no hesitation in encouraging Forum members to try Catherine out.  She is a lovely lady, and it would be difficult to find another attractive Australian ML who gives a full nude massage with HR for only $100 for the hour.  By comparison, a 30-minute massage from the average Asian ML with nude HR can cost as much as $90, and the lady is usually not nude for the whole session.  The only drawback is that it seems she is only available after 4:00.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 24th November 2017, 02:32 PM
Poster ID: horny as hell
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks for these great reviews - going to try to make an appointment for after work this arvo 

Did a little sleuthing on the phone number and found an ad from 2012 in TNT the young travellers magazine looking for masseuses. maybe they tried to start up a full on business.
.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 24th November 2017, 07:47 PM
Poster ID: pashon8
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Sounds interesting. Thanks for the tip


Floor: #4
Post Time: 24th November 2017, 08:55 PM
Poster ID: paunchy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Not a good choice of font colour.  I wonder if anyone was able to read the ad.  They should have stuck to white font.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 26th November 2017, 03:05 PM
Poster ID: pashon8
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
This is a recent classifieds ad

BODY Rub with slim - Adult Services - Personals - NewsClassifieds

BODY Rub with slim 
Sydney, NSW
Description:
brunettes. Firm or relaxing. Qualified. No sex. Open 7 Days 11am-8pm. Phone 9982 7997


Floor: #6
Post Time: 7th December 2017, 02:08 PM
Poster ID: pashon8
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Catherine

Establishment : Aussies at Dee Why

Date of Visit : Dec 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 9982 7997

Hours of Business : 11am-7:30pm

Rates : $60 / 30 mins, $100 / 60 mins

Age : early to mid 50s

Size/shape : Slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : RnT

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

Was up for a driving adventure. Called up Catherine and she told me to call back in one hour. So I decided to drive up there anyway before calling. There were limited times available so I took what I could get which was 30mins $60

The location looks dodgy from the outside but clean and comfortable on the inside.

Catherine is quite pretty for her age. I'm guessing early to mid 50s. She is a very good, strong masseuse  and I've been looking ages for a strong RnT without costing the earth.

Down at the business end Catherine is a bit shy. Definitely kept her distances so I knew nothing else would be offered. Most I could do was grab her ass cheek and stroke her nipples. I would go again if I need a massage first and a tug second.


