Thread Title: Chloe - Sydney - 0450 891 660
Floor: #1
Post Time: 17th December 2011, 11:15 AM
Poster ID: seeto
Post Title: 
 Chloe - Sydney - 0450 891 660
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Chloe

Date of Visit : Dec 2011

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0450891660

Hours of Business :  10am till 7pm
Monday, Tuesday and Friday 

Rates : $100/30m, $120/ 45m, $140/60m

Age : Not sure, early 30s?

Size/shape : Huge

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aus

Services Provided : Massage + extras

Value for money/recommend? : No.

From the same stable as Heidi and the others on this number. 

She describes herself as "I am exactly like my photos". Hmmm...right. All I can say is add another size or two and you would be close. To give you an idea of how big, I couldn't see her pussy. 

Having said that, she has a very pretty face, a massive pair of tits and nice big nipples. So if you can get past the fat, the top 1/4 is quite nice. 

The massage was quite good too, if that's what you were there for. Unfortunately the massage lasted for most of the session, when I was finally asked to turn over, she started trying to get me to cum immedialy after a few strokes between her puppies. I asked if I could cum on her tits - "$20 extra". "Fuck off", I thought. She appears to be a little money drunk. 

So that was it - a very to-the-point massage. 

If I was skint and punted once or twice a year, I would have walked as soon as I clapped eyes on her. That's why I hate fakes, they have no respect for the average punter. Saying "I am exactly like my photos" just rubs salt into the wound. She knows 99% of punters aren't going to walk. 

Ask her how much FS is, you'll fall on the floor laughing.

Cracker ad:




			
				[COLOR="blue"]My name is Chloe, I am a gorgeous Australian seductress with big green eyes, a beautiful mouth and smile, long brown hair and the smoothest silkiest skin to touch...
My clients tell me I am very pretty and have some dangerous curves...
I have luscious DD breasts and am a delightful size 14 dress. My personality is erotic, spontaneous and adventurous! ;-)

I absolutely adore erotic massage, l love to turn you on and please you with lots of teasing and tickling...

Availability is from 10am till 7pm
Monday, Tuesday and Friday

I provide a very personal, sensual and the best erotic massage in Sydney with body to body and hand relief.
Included is a sexy bodyslide, my breasts sliding over your body and every part of your body is touched until you come...

I do also provide extra intimate services upon request...

I am EXACTLY like my photos xx [/COLOR]


Floor: #2
Post Time: 19th December 2011, 04:07 PM
Poster ID: james31
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by seeto


I provide a very personal, sensual and the best erotic massage in Sydney with body to body and hand relief.
Included is a sexy bodyslide, my breasts sliding over your body and every part of your body is touched until you come..
"""



Can't say that I'm going to be too turned on with a hippo sliding up and down my body !


