Floor: #1
Post Time: 11th July 2017, 04:59 PM
Poster ID: Jupiter9999
Post Title: 
 Chloe / Imogen - Riverstone - 0413 534 898
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Chloe (I believe she now goes by Imogen)

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : April 26th, 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0413 534 898; 404 - File not found

Hours of Business : Varied (generally day time)

Rates : $100/half hour

Age : 34

Size/shape : Slender

Nationality or Ethnicity : Caucasian

Services Provided : B2B, RnT

Value for money/recommend? : Definitely.

My experience/comments : Saw her advertisement on Cracker (I believe she has now changed her working name to Imogen) and reached out on an impulse. Locked in a time quick and headed out there during the middle of the day. 

House was comfortable, particularly given it was a stinker of a day, and Chloe wasted no time in getting down to business. Massage was solid, I felt relaxed and comfortable which is basically my criteria for a massage as I'm no expert. Touching allowed, and her body is fantastic, fitting near perfectly in my hands, I couldn't keep my hands off her! Her hands came into their own on my old fella, though, once I had turned over. Best T of an RnT I've had. Body language was a bit per-functionary but certainly not a major drawback and I can put that down to my own nervousness, I suppose. 


WIR? Yeah, definitely value for money.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 11th July 2017, 11:30 PM
Poster ID: jsc71
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Your link isnt working so here it is again for those interested.

Western Suburbs. Private erotic nude body massage by IMOGEN - Sydney body rubs - cracker.com.au


Floor: #3
Post Time: 21st July 2017, 06:33 PM
Poster ID: deepthroat
Post Title: 
 Imogen Hawksbury
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Imogen

Establishment : Privatehome

Date of Visit : 21Jul 17

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : http://sydney.cracker.com.au/BodyRub...mogen/51717663

Hours of Business : Various 

Rates : I had 30/100

Age : 30"s

Size/shape : excellent! Tall slim great natural boobs cracker pics are her 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie 

Services Provided : Massage body rub boobs not full service 

Value for money/recommend? : for me definitely 

My experience;
Easy to communicate with but did say phone is off on not working days. Suggests you call early on her work days. Greeted by her and ushered into what was clearly her own home with massage couch. It was really clean and. I Ely heated on a cold afternoon. Usually stuff money undress on the couch. She returned naked... great boobs and hair up. Nice firm professional massage itch sprinkled soft strike and boobs rubbed all over me, even a nice reach under ball cupping . Turn over and there is more real massage with soft strokes and boob rubbing before a. Ice oiled up HJ. Cleaned up warm towels and depart, a lovely lady nice conversation, I implore guys to treat a all girls well but even more so this o e, quote a gem. Will return for a longer booking.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 18th August 2017, 06:03 PM
Poster ID: deepthroat
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Saw this lady again today and if you understand it's not FS you get exactly what you need and such a nice alternative to rice and pidgeon English .... I again had the 30min/100 and added the $50 CBJ that was nicely done ... 
still highly recommended 
Insert disclaimer not affiliated etc etc


Floor: #5
Post Time: 19th August 2017, 07:30 PM
Poster ID: JRx$yd
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Imogen

Establishment : Private Home in Riverwood

Date of Visit : Mid July Monday 11am ish

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Western Suburbs. Private erotic nude body massage by IMOGEN - Sydney body rubs - cracker.com.au

Hours of Business : Mon, Wed, Frid and weekends from 10 am

Rates : $150 for 45min

Age : mid 30's

Size/shape : 12, tall, pale skin

Nationality or Ethnicity : white Anglo  
Services Provided : nude massage and HJ

Value for money/recommend? :  Yes and yes

My experience/comments : 

Have been working in the area, and looking for something other than the normal Asian RnT. Text Imogen and quick response got me in for the morning.

Nice quiet street, and short walk up to door.

Massage table setup in front room, lots of natural light, was a cool morning, so turned the aircond on to warm up.

Friendly and nice chat, straight down to business stripped off and on the table. Imogen stripped off.

Nice natural body, she's had one kid and her body and boobs are soft and womanly, nothing manufactured there! She has very pale white skin, but we are in the middle of winter. 

A good firm massage with attention to all the right spots, nothing too sexy but not robotic either. Great body to body rub and well executed.

On the turn over, still good body rubs with extra attention on little JR. Nice boob and great release.

All in all a good session, nice to have a easy to understand conversation and reach a mutual satisfying result at the end!

:-)


Floor: #6
Post Time: 23rd January 2018, 02:57 PM
Poster ID: Hornyboi
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Imogen

Establishment : Private home in Riverstone

Date of Visit : 12/01/2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Western Suburbs. Private erotic nude body massage by IMOGEN - Sydney body rubs - cracker.com.au

Hours of Business : Most days from about 10am

Rates : $150 for 30 min including $50 for the tie and tease.

Age : mind 30s

Size/shape : About a size 12, tall and skinny with pale skin.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Caucasian

Services Provided : Nude massage, tie and tease with HJ.

Value for money/recommend? : not really for me (YMMV)

My experience/comments : I had booked a 1 hour appointment with Imogen but hit some bad traffic on the way to see her so let her know in advanced and she was very nice and fine about it. pulled up and she was waiting for me at the door in just her bra and panties and told me she only had time left for 30 mins as she had another booking after me. I couldnt complain as it was my fault anyway. Her house is in a nice discreet location and very nice and tidy from the inside and she already had the ropes laid across the table inside ready for me.

Lay on the table as she got naked and she proceeded with a nice massage, nothing special I have had better but not terrible either, it wasnt too sesnsual or robotic either. after about 20 mins i was told to turn over where she then blind folded me and tied both my legs and arms to the table and proceeded with light touching/teasing which I didnt really enjoy but it was my first time trying something like that so maybe its just not my thing and she was actually good at it from her end haha. after about 5 minutes of this she started with the HJ, the HJ was unrushed but felt a little mechanical for me, nothing special in that area either. Anyway blew my load and she got a warm towel cleaned me up, friendly chat at the end while i got dressed and out the door.

All in all I probably wouldnt return just because it dosent seem good value for money personally but YMMV. She is a very nice sweet lady with spotless house and she has looked after her body well as shes still not showing any strong signs of aging and she is still pretty hot haha.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 10th February 2018, 05:14 PM
Poster ID: Kidnstrait
Post Title: 
 Chloe/Imogen Riverstone Private Massuese
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Imogen (formerly Chloe of Werrington)

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 1 Feb 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0413 534 898   Western Suburbs. Private erotic nude body massage by IMOGEN - Sydney body rubs - cracker.com.au

Hours of Business : Varies, check her website

Rates : 30mts - $100; $150 for tie up and tease. Didnt do FS with her as it wasnt offered until last week. Listed as $350 per hour min 1 hour

Age : Mid to late 30s

Size/shape : Slim but feminine and curvy around hips

Nationality or Ethnicity : Caucasian

Services Provided : FS, Erotic massage, Tie up and Tease Massage. 

Value for money/recommend? : Hell yeah

My experience/comments : 

I was a regular with her when she operated out of Penrith but unfortunately she moved. However, time with her is so memorable that I drove a good 45 minutes to her new setup in Riverstone. Imogen comes across as the everyday lady next door, Charming smile, hot body, friendly neighbour sort of manner. You can reacher her on [COLOR=rgb(84, 84, 84)]0413 534 898. I do have a bit of trouble getting thru because she is so busy. Goes to show how well her regular customers value her. She has shoulder length brunette hair, large eyes, slim waist and definitely D if not DD cups, all natural, no tattoos.


So last week like many other times, I rock up to her place and greeted with the familiar friendly smile and because I know her well now, I get an extra long hug and a soft kiss on the cheek. Definitely a great start. I had requested the tie and tease when I texted her, so while I get undressed, she gets the oil ready. She uses really good quality coconut oil which smells great and the aroma in the room is definitely a mood enhancer.


She starts off having me on my tummy, nice pressure along the base of my spine and up to my shoulders. Her massage isnt the best I have had but lets face it, that's not what we are here for. Within 10 minutes, I am asked to turn over. The blindfold comes on, my arms and legs secured with thin ropes to the massage table. With light strokes of finger tips, she sets my nerves on fire and she spends a long time rubbing her breasts against my chest and against my face. She lets me suck her nipples for a good period several times during the massage and while I am at this, her hands are stroking my well oiled hard cock gently with lovely fingers. Amazing sensations as she performs fantastic spanish as well and I struggle to hold it.


But finally when she has her breasts against my cock, her skillful hands working me, I can no longer hold it and shoot my load. She takes my blindfold off and I see her breasts glistening with my cum. Amazing. As she wipes me off, she chats sweetly about my day and what I have been upto since the last time and tells me some of her story as well.


It was really nice to see you, she says at the door as she gives me another long hug and a kiss on my cheek and I enjoy that moment as much as any part of it. A very classy lady, who sets the tone and environment perfectly and someone I see again and again. Hard to match to the pampering experience she provides. Look her up on Cracker or Backpage and you wont be disappointed.


Floor: #8
Post Time: 27th February 2018, 08:26 PM
Poster ID: Hammer
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Does any 1 know Is Imogen still working out of riverstone?


Floor: #9
Post Time: 28th February 2018, 07:38 AM
Poster ID: maxwell
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by Hammer


Does any 1 know Is Imogen still working out of riverstone
"""



There is a phone number in the above reviews.

Maybe you can call and find out. While you're at it, post a review of your experience.


