Thread Title: Ci Ci private Penrith 0413 521 329
Floor: #1
Post Time: 24th February 2020, 02:10 PM
Poster ID: Probe
Post Title: 
 Ci Ci private Penrith 0413 521 329
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Ci Ci

Establishment : Private Apartment Penrith 

Date of Visit : February 2020

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://m.locanto.com.au/sydney/ID_4...ith-today.html

Phone :0413 521 329

Hours of Business : 9am- 8:30pm

Rates : $80/30 minutes 

Age : said 30, I’d believe her

Size/shape : quite pretty, size 12 with a bit of a belly, nice B-C cups

Nationality or Ethnicity : Taiwanese 

Services Provided : massage, ball and perrenium licking, CBJ, 69

Value for money/recommend? : yes-ish

My experience/comments : I was in the mood for somewhere different to my usual haunts. Since I had only popped out to hit a “ bucket of golf balls” at the driving range I needed to stay local. I called CiCi and asked if she only does massage and she asked what I wanted, I replied some sucking and she said yes, I asked if I can kiss her pussy and she giggled and told me I can come straight over.
She’s in one of the many new apartment blocks near both the Nepean Hospitals, her directions were good and I was in her apartment in no time.
I stripped and she soon returned, I lay on the bed and she asked me to move around so my head was overhanging the foot of the bed.
she undressed to bra and undies then started quite a good firm massage occasionally rubbing her mound on my head. She told me she loved my bum and gave it a smack, I gave hers a gentle squeeze and she giggled playfully. She moved around between my legs and gave my lower back and hips a hard rub which they needed (kneaded!). She started rubbing her breasts on my back and then removed her bra, rubbing her nipples on my back then bum and then sensually dragging her nipples up and down my arse crack.
she told me to turn over and she sat between my legs putting my legs over her hips and massaged my chest then she kissed my nipples and worked her way down to my groin avoiding my hard on. She gave my balls a gentle lick with the tip of her tongue then went down to my perrenium again gently with the tip of her tongue. I lifted my legs and she gave my arsehole a couple of strokes with her tongue before going back to my perrenium and balls.
Strangely she got up to grab a dom, rolled it on and started quite a good CBJ, I asked her to remove her undies and she did and adjusted herself to let me play. She started to get a bit wet and I asked for 69 and she lifted her leg over me.
Here was the only disappointment, she had quite a lot of haemmorhoids around her arsehole. I enjoy some rimming and anal play but I stayed away. Her pussy was quite nice and tasty, she became very wet but her clit remained small throughout. Her pussy felt tight on my tongue when I probed it but I didn’t go too deep to keep my nose away from her arse. She started bucking her hips slightly like she was going to cum, I don’t know if she did, but I did.
she ripped off the dom quite painfully surprised that there was no cum in it to help it slip off. I explained that my cum stays inside now and she nodded her head looking confused. We dressed and I left.
It was quite a good session, her massage was great and very sensual. The only downside was the roids. I would return but might ask her to lie down for DATY so I don’t have to see them. Her pussy seemed very tight so not sure if I could get in unless it was a good day and I could get rock hard. I assume FS is on the cards but I never asked.
She said she works sundays so I’m not sure if there’s different ladies there on other days. I’m pretty sure the photo on the ad is not her but it’s similar and just as pretty.


