Thread Title: Claire Bell - Neutral Bay - 0475 104 342
Floor: #1
Post Time: 10th July 2019, 11:26 PM
Poster ID: Njord33
Post Title: 
 Claire Bell - Neutral Bay - 0475 104 342
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Claire Bell

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : July 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.escortsandbabes.com.au/P...ent/mifogot55/

Phone : 0475104342

Hours of Business : Mon-Fri: 10am-8pm and Sat-Sun:11am-4pm

Rates : $150 for 30 minutes

Age : mid-40s

Size/shape : size 10 and about 5ft 6in

Nationality or Ethnicity : Caucasian

Services Provided : massage, body rub and hand relief

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : 

I messaged Claire on a Friday evening to make a booking for Saturday. She responded mid morning and was available later in the afternoon and was able to book a 30 minute session with her.

She is located in a private apartment and is very easy to get to from the city with bus stops close by. I arrived a bit earlier than anticipated and called Claire to see if she was available which luckily she was. When I got to her place the door was already slightly ajar and Claire welcomed me in to her apartment.

Claire greeted me in a nightie and was very friendly and accommodating. I did notice that there was a lack of warmth and closeness in comparison to my other massage experiences, but I put this down to seeing her for the first time and that return visits may bring out a different response. 

She asked if I would like a shower but I had just cleaned up before leaving my place and she was fine with that. I stripped down and laid down on the bed and she started a nice neck massage. She asked if I wanted body oil and I would usually say no but she has shower facilities so I could wash it all off. The oil she uses is of good quality and doesn't have that heavy feel. The massage was very relaxing and coupled with the classical music playing I was in a blissful state. It was very easy to talk to Claire during the massage and we discussed things from food, music and coastal walks.

After 15 minutes of the massage, she started to heat things up by using her ample assets to rub me and started with some sensual touching around the erogenous areas. She was very happy for me to touch her backside and her breasts, but I felt a bit too awkward to do much more than that. Shen then told me to turn over and she has a very good technique to get you over line in a non rushed manner.

Before getting changed I took a quick shower and chatted a bit more before leaving. I feel that a longer session or a couple of more visits should see Claire develop that warmth.


