Thread Title: Courtney (Private) - Tweed Heads West - 0412 005 576
Floor: #1
Post Time: 21st October 2014, 02:18 PM
Poster ID: HornyHoratio
Post Title: 
 Courtney (Private) - Tweed Heads West - 0412 005 576
				
Post Content: 
FC, below Review post for Courtney for you to start new thread

Person's Name : Courtney

Establishment : Private House, 5min Drive West of M1 Motorway

Date of Visit : 30 Sept 2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0412 005 576
http://newcastle.locanto.com.au/ID_2...i-Massage.html

Hours of Business : 10am to 6pm Mon-Fri (other hours by arrangement)

Rates : $200 / hr (I enjoyed some extras)

Age : Mid 30's

Size/shape : 5'10, enhanced (but well hidden silicon) D cup boobs, great shape body, shaved, black long hair, fair skin

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : Nude RnT, bodyslide, (extras DATY, Vag/Anal play, Sex)

Value for money/recommend? : YES / YES

My experience/comments : 

Managed to sneak in, between work commitments, my third visit to see Courtney. I paid her a bit more than the hourly rate as Afterglow, but her service is far superior. After we stripped off I started with massage on her, face down on her table that includes an access hole. Plenty of oil down her back and legs, but not long before I had my hands all over her inner upper thighs, bum and pussy with extensive anal and pussy fingering. She was enjoying the attention I was giving her as she gyrated her bum around while I had multiple fingers inside her. All this action for 15-20mins was giving me a handsome fat so I hopped onto the table while she was on her knees lifting her pussy in the air to let me in. I lined up my cock to give her a good fuck but the excitement and the view was too much and I ended up blowing my load all over her bum and pussy. Wow, what a gymnastic gal.

After a brief cum cleanup, my turn face-down onto the table where she was straight into running her tits all over the back of my head, down my back 
and over my bum - back and forth - while she had a hand through the table hole vigorously stroking my balls and cock. She positioned herself with one leg up to enable me to reach back and insert my fingers, one in each hole, while she continued to stroke my cock vigorously. Alas the first blow must have emptied me really good as I had no more left to release; we finished up and showered together, then I was on my way.

Her quoted prices are for stnd erotic massage but her prices for extras will depend on how long you have been one of her regular clients.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 21st October 2014, 02:41 PM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thank you HornyHoratio.

Good review.

Members should be mindful that the services described (and the prices) may not be extended to all her customers.





 Originally Posted by HornyHoratio


 ... Her quoted prices are for stnd erotic massage but her prices for extras will depend on how long you have been one of her regular clients.


Treat her  well & hope for the best.

Here's Courtney's Locanto ad,





			
				Tweed Heads - Sensual Erotic Relieving Nude Hot Oli Massage - 30

$80 for half hr
$150 the hr
Erotic, nude massage With hot oil.
Private, clean with DD all natural. 
G spot massage a MUST try!!
Pretty face, Ex model.

★0412005576


Floor: #3
Post Time: 12th April 2016, 08:04 PM
Poster ID: HornyHoratio
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Courtney

Establishment : Private House, 5min Drive West of M1 Motorway

Date of Visit : Wed 23 March 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0412 005 576 (she's currently not advertising anywhwere)

Hours of Business : 11am to 6pm Mon-Fri (other hours by arrangement)

Rates : $170 / 45min (my booking, see comments below)

Age : Late 30's / very early 40's

Size/shape : 5'10, enhanced D cup boobs, great shape body, shaved, brunette long hair, fair skin, attractive face

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : Nude RnT, bodyslide, (extras DATY, tit suck, vag/anal play)

Value for money/recommend? : YES / YES

My experience/comments : 

Note: she hasn't been advertising so I don't know if the above number is still connected/diverting to her current number and I'm not willing to provide her current mob number as she hasn't been advertising it as far as I know.

Got a text out of the blue from Courtney if interested in massage, hell yes. Was surprised to hear from her as haven't seen her ads for a very long time. Agreed a time and she's still in Tweed West, greeted her and paid her the same amount I recall I paid last time. So I'm not sure what are her current rates.

After undressing, she suggested I start giving her a massage (oh, YEAH!), so she face down and I have ample oil over her bum and legs. My hands massaged her legs and very soon was working between her upper thighs, her legs well apart to allow me access so my hands and fingers were all over her pussy and bum. I reached underneath her via the crotch hole in the table to rub her belly as she slightly raised her bum from the table. I positioned myself so she could reach her hand onto my cock and she wanked my cock while I was massaging and fingering her arse and pussy, to the slight moans from Courtney. She turned face up on the table to give her hand easier access to my cock-tackle and bum while my hands continued to ravage her body from her large tits, nipple sucking, to her pussy with her legs spread wide apart. I couldn't hold it and blew a solid load onto her hip.

After a quick cleanup, we swapped places and she had her tits sweeping up/down my back while she reached through the access hole to stroke my cock and my hand continued the assault on her pussy. On turnover, she had both hands working my cock vigorously while occasionally dropping each of her tits onto/into my mouth. I managed to blow again but only just managed, as she had almost drained me the first time. After a thorough cleansing shower in her large bathroom I was dressed and on my way. I think my time with her was about 40-45mins which was plenty of time for me, there was no sense of "quick, only few minutes to go" with Courtney. I've already booked another session with her in a couple of weeks.
Not sure if (due to the nature of) her service actually should be classed under "Private Working Ladies"


Floor: #4
Post Time: 13th April 2016, 06:49 AM
Poster ID: nextlif
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Not sure if (due to the nature of) her service actually should be classed under "Private Working Ladies"
			
		

This is a tricky one. When there is confusion we tend to put them in the category that they advertise themselves as. I can see from an older link to Locanto she has advertised as a 'Massage Lady', So at this stage we will leave as is.


