Thread Title: Di - Central Coast - Outcalls - 0413 629 594
Floor: #1
Post Time: 30th April 2019, 11:26 AM
Poster ID: Longdong Silver
Post Title: 
 Di - Central Coast - Outcalls - 0413 629 594
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Di

Establishment : Private ML

Date of Visit : 28th April 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Advertises in the Central Coast Express Advocate on Occasions

Phone :0413629594 text only

Hours of Business : By Arrangement

Rates : $100 Hr

Age : 48

Size/shape : Cuddly

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : Nude Massage and HJ with unlimited touching

Value for money/recommend? : yes for me but YMMV

My experience/comments : Di places adverts in the Adult Relaxation section of the local rag on occasions. She has a full time job and does this for extra cash and fun. She has a boyfriend or so she says. She does outcalls only and is a little hard to get an appointment with.
Anyhow, I have seen her a couple of times now this was the latest. We arranged the visit to my home via sms the only way she communicates. My other half was away so i was glad i could get this appointment. Di asked what she should wear as she likes to dress up. I told her sexy secretary and she didn’t disappoint. She arrived in a shear white blouse with no bra with a knee length skirt and after coming inside she added stockings and heels. Her hair tied back she looked like a very sexy secretary indeed. Di is a bit chubby and mature but pleasant and attractive. She has big tits with pierced nipples and a couple of tats. She sets up her table and i get undressed and lay face down. Her massage is actually very good. Firm like i like it with an ever increasing tease happening. As we progress she removes her own clothing and allows touching of all her body. 
She starts at the back and then works down to the bum and then the legs and by the time she reaches the legs she is nude except for the killer heels. I have played and sucked her tits by this and as she does some underbody work with the boy i have worked three fingers into her and she is grinding onto my hand. She nearly cums and has me rock hard before the turn over. She then does my chest and legs while keeping me hard with tease. I am still fingering her and playing and pulling her nipples when she begins an excellent hand Job. She kisses my neck and sucks my nipples all the time riding my hand till she cums. She then gets serious and finishes me off onto her tits. A great massage and punt. We talk and agree that next time i can massage her and maybe even DATY her. There is however never going to be a blow job or full intercourse in return she says. I like the mature lady so Di is what i like the best in a massage lady. If you dont like em Maguire or chubby she is not for you.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 30th April 2019, 12:30 PM
Poster ID: nextlif
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Where on the Central Coast is she located?


Floor: #3
Post Time: 30th April 2019, 02:06 PM
Poster ID: Longdong Silver
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by nextlife


Where on the Central Coast is she located
"""



She does outcalls only so no idea


