Floor: #1
Post Time: 3rd February 2014, 01:44 PM
Poster ID: seeking85
Post Title: 
 Djuka / Chillpill - Sutherland - 0403 799 828
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Djuka / ChillPill 

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : late dec 2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : ADDICTIVE ChillPill 5? Erotic Massage!! Frm the U.K. No cheap callers. By Appt. 0403 799 828 - advertises in theleader.com.au

Hours of Business : Her hours are quite random, no schedule

Rates : 120 30mins 

Age : 30's I would say

Size/shape : Ok body, size 8, smallish tits maybe a b cup

Nationality or Ethnicity : aussie - european decendance though

Services Provided : Massage, HJ in nude

Value for money/recommend? : no / no

My experience/comments :

So I called up Djuka, who now doesn't advertise a name, and had a chat on the phone. first thing i noticed she seemed a bit paranoid on the phone, and was a bit adamant and pushy about her service being elite and top notch and mentioned a few times that it was no 'cheap service' because she was all about 'quality'. she does seem to talk herself up quite a bit, and almost seemed like a bit of nutjob lol. but this was a slight turn on for some reason and her voice sounded young and perky, albeit slightly nutty. hung up the phone, half a boner, off to see djuka.
arrived near her place, parked the car, and gave her a call to get apartment number. she then asked why I had parked on the street (um what the - cause you are on a corner of a very busy road you fruitcake), and was quick to get me to drive to her complex and ring her again when I had reached the security gates so she could buzz me into the carpark. ok nutcase, I was thinking, no problem. drove around to intercom, buzzed djuka, she then said how I could of got there so quick. wtf, NUTJOB. she was questioning where I came from and where I was. I simply tried to calm the situation as I was past the point of turning back now, and looking forward to meeting this hot sounding nutjob in person. she finally gave me the digits to her room, boom gate up, parked car, and off I went. it was a rush of wtf to expect and horniness all rolled into one, blood pressure in overdrive.

got to her apartment, she opened the door. meh - okay looking (definitely not ugly), slightly tanned brunette with average (more on the small side) tits, dressed in white lingerie and about a size 8. she seemed to be a bit better in person and less of a nut (but she was still paranoid). went to have a shower, only cold water. sighs. walked over to the table a little shrivled - like a frightened turtle! (for all you seinfeld fans)

massage was average, was medium pressure, not much effort, bit of tackle work and turned over. not much to report other than got him up and off, was rather routine. quick squirt, mopped up, cold shower (worse the 2nd time), and off I went. 

overall, this lady is a complete wackjob on the phone. in person, she still possesses this wackjobness but it is toned down a notch. she is okay on the eye though, but not worth the headache IMHO

I would not recommend, nor would i visit again.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 4th February 2014, 03:10 PM
Poster ID: seeking85
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
hmmmmm, no replies maybe it was only me who found her to be a hottish nutcase


