Thread Title: Double Lesbian Massage - Sydney CBD -  Blake and Blaire 0404 300 051
Floor: #1
Post Time: 9th April 2018, 03:32 PM
Poster ID: vikgill90
Post Title: 
 Double Lesbian Massage - Sydney CBD -  Blake and Blaire 0404 300 051
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Blake - Irish/English & Blaire - Australian/Mediterranean


Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 9th Apr '18

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : YOUR FAVOURITE DUO IS BACK ? Two for One ? Extra?s ? Cbd - Sydney body rubs - cracker.com.au

Hours of Business : 11am onwards

Rates : 20 minutes $150
30 minutes $200
45 minutes $250
60 minutes $300

EXTRAS
BBBJ
COB
COF
CIM
Face Sitting
Foot Worship
Foot Job
A variety of Lesbian Shows
Prostate Massage
Rimming on us
Light Spanking
Trampling

Age : 20s

Size/shape : Blake (10 and curvy) Blaire (8 and slim)

Nationality or Ethnicity : Blake - English & Blaire - Italian (guess)

Services Provided : RnT with extras; no FS

Value for money/recommend? : Definitely

My experience/comments : After some humming and hawing, I booked a double with B&B. Initially, I asked for BBBJ, DATY and a lesbian show that was costed at $650 for the hour; a bit steep when there's no FS I thought. Anyway, worked my way down a bit and settled for $500 for the hour sans DATY. They both work in the city near Kent and King St., and getting there was super easy. Blake greeted me at the door after I buzzed in; behind her hid a coy but very pretty Blaire. Both are very beautiful with Blake the more adventurous and raunchy and Blaire the shy/demure cutie. After settling finances and a quick shower, I foind the ladies naked and waiting by the low-mattress, I got on my stomach, Blake followed soon onto my back warm kisses and tongue in my ear. Blaire was by my legs, beautifully massaging my feet and reaching up. After a while they switched positions, Blaire now on my back and whispering and flicking her tongue in my ears. After a quick turnaround they proceeded to kiss each other passionately followed by more massage on my front and a lot of handwork between the legs. Blake lay down beside me to have her pussy licked and eaten by Blaire; unfortunately she didn't proceed to replicate the favour as I'd have loved to see that happen.

They both went down soon enough and got a hold of me, sucking me off gladly and I asked them to slow down. Blake proceeded to move up and show me her beautiful pussy and allowed some touching, Blaire was now going for it and I was in heaven...I shot the load with Blake on top of me and kissing my cheeks and face. Amazing! It was the best double I've had.


