Thread Title: Fatima - Parramatta - 0415 264 794
Floor: #1
Post Time: 10th August 2019, 09:34 PM
Poster ID: forgnr
Post Title: 
 Fatima - Parramatta - 0415 264 794
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Fatima

Establishment : Independent

Date of Visit : July 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://sydney.locanto.com.au/ID_372...And-Busty.html 
Fatima operates from Parramatta,  from apartment on Church st. close to Victoria Rd

Phone : 0415264794 

Hours of Business : Varies

Rates : $150 - 30min 

Age : 30

Size/shape :  size 10, D cup

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian

Services Provided : FS, GFE, BBBJ (cost me extra)

Value for money/recommend? : Yes, but probably won’t return

I was looking on her profile for a while, read couple of very old reviews on Punter Planet and, finally, decided to see her. Sent message, no reply, I called her an hour later, we chat and agreed to meet. I was a bit surprise with her accent as I had impression that she was fluent in English by reading her concise, well made, self-description.
Popped up in agreed time, I was let in. The pictures are accurate, I suppose she few years older, but not really noticeable. Overall I was pleased as she was sweet and pleasant, although was shorter than I expected. Agreed on 30 minutes, sort finances, undressed myself and was lead to bedroom. She offered shower, but I did not take offer as I had it right before the visit. I was told to lay down and she proceed with kissing and liking and get on my member. Her BBBJ was good, and enthusiastic, not the best I've had, but still good. I was trying to return her a favour, but she was reserved. I was trying to kiss her as I love DFK and she had good lips, but kiss was somehow shallow, no tongue. While she was pleasing my fellow I played with her breasts and she seemingly like it, although any my attempt to reach her pussy failed. Somehow she was very reserved on this. After a while she domed me and we started with cowgirl. She was tight, but lazy, just sitting on top and I did all the movements. May be she was not in the mood. We switched to doggy and initially I went on slow pace trying to prolong the pleasure, but after a short while decided to increase the speed. It did not take long for me to explode in a sack. Somehow it was very intense for me. Once I came back to senses, she cleaned me and we chat. She was not a clock watcher as she patiently waiting till I recover and was ready to go and it was way over 30 minutes. I got dressed and left with goodbye kiss.
She is attentive and trying to please, I like her BJ skills. What I did not like was necessity to guide what I like and what I want. It is not entirely relaxing to direct the girl how to please the customer. May be she was not in the mood as no one else mentioned such thing about her. 
Overall it was good, it just few things which did not clicked for me.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 15th April 2020, 09:18 PM
Poster ID: pashon8
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Looks interesting. May check her out.


