Thread Title: Fiona - Sydney CBD - 0420 429 502
Floor: #1
Post Time: 29th January 2018, 04:23 PM
Poster ID: Jordansigley
Post Title: 
 Fiona - Sydney CBD - 0420 429 502
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Fiona

Establishment : Home

Date of Visit : 29/1/18

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : HOT ?SEXY VIETNAMESE Girl In CBD Sydney now 25 Fiona call now ?0420429502? - Sydney escorts - cracker.com.au

Hours of Business : unsure

Rates : $70/30min RNT with CBJ, FS $120/30min

Age : 30s?

Size/shape : medium

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian - Vietnamese

Services Provided : CBJ HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Nah

My experience/comments : 

Been longing for a BJ and thought what are my options near Wynyard, ventured to cracker and noticed this new ad, Fiona is doing both rnt and fs. 

Tested the water with rnt 30min first. Got to Susex st near Townhall, was advised of the unit number, took the lift up. 

Knocked on door, holy shit it was creepy as shit, lady hit before opened door until you are fully inside and door shut, she then turned around. 

Inside it was dark as shit you will need night vision goggle to see anything. Led straight to bes, was told to lie down and did as instructed. Was told to lie on my back instead, i was think wtf but ok. 

Skipped all the massage and b2b as advertised, pulled a condom out and gave a 30 second bj then proceeded to give hj. Wasnt there to argue so this is a refresher lesson to NOT go cracker or backpage again. 

At the time of giving the HJ she stopped and went to get some latex gloves i thought wtf. She grabbed the lube and lubed me up like a xmas turkey, and im typing this as we speak with sticky balls. So bad it doesnt go away until unhave proper shower. 

Then when i was almost blowing, she stuck her finger up my fucking ass. It was fucking disgusting getting fingered in the ass. 

In and out in 10min, it takes longer to type this up than the time i spent in the room. 

200% not recommend. They have another ad on i noticed, different lady and diff number but similarly priced and format of the ad was the same. 

I think the apartment was shared with another lady. She was having a shower when i arrived and still hasnt finished by the time i left. 

recommend that you stick with reputated shops. Or at least the real privates not these dodgy places.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 29th January 2018, 06:00 PM
Poster ID: Fuzzynuts
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Dude, the fake photos of glamour girls with the phone printed number on them are all fakes. Lesson learned the hard way...


Floor: #3
Post Time: 30th January 2018, 09:40 AM
Poster ID: Jordansigley
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I knew the photos werent real but was just expecting a quick cbj during lunch time instead of rnt. 

Well it served as a refresher to stop me from going to cracker/backpage for a while.


