Thread Title: Ginger, Attractive tall redhead, mobile service done in a bus
Floor: #1
Post Time: 21st December 2019, 06:47 AM
Poster ID: trapper
Post Title: 
 Ginger, Attractive tall redhead, mobile service done in a bus
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Ginger 

Establishment : Private mobbile service performed in a bus

Date of Visit : 7/12/2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://sydney.locanto.com.au/ID_407...-Massages.html

https://tantraonwheels.com/
Phone : 0457566647

Hours of Business : Varies, I saw her at 2pm

Rates : 120 for 60 min, tantra option190 for 60

Age : around 30-34

Size/shape : Tall, lovely figure

Nationality or Ethnicity : Czech

Services Provided : Massage plus HJ, only topless , may improve

Value for money/recommend? : Yes, but I will not partake the tantra option next time

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

I saw this one's advertisement in Locanto, at first I didn't know it was a mobile service performed in an old bus equipped as a massage room. I message Ginger and she said she was available at the time I requested, she gave me an address on Anzac Pde in Maroubra, she said to message when I have arrived outside. On arrival I messaged to to say that I'm standing outside as requested, and she said she will come out to get me, from behind I here someone calling my name and I turn around and there's this woman waving at me from an old bus parked on Anzac Pde, I thought, "oh Farrrrk" what am I doing here. Anyway, I go in and was warmly greeted by Ginger, who has natural red hair and is tall and attractive, she explains everything and I decide to take up the tantra offer for $190, even though from past experiences anything that is labeled tantra means you're going to be ripped off, stupid me again. So we we start this tantra business , I'm wearing this silk sarong , I feel like an idiot because I have a bit of a gut, she has this one piece outfit that beautifully shows of her tits, which she later takes out for you to suck on, I'm standing up and we go through some breathing bullshit and she's breathing all around me, and lightly kissing my ear. whilst slowly taking off the sarong and wrapping it around my cock, which surprisingly became erect, mind you my back was aching as I find it difficult to stand upright in bare feet, that's another story. After the tantra session it's time to climb on the bed, first I'm on my stomach , she massages me and then climbs on top and she's  grinding her pussy on my arse, she still has her outfit on, this goes on for a few minutes and then gets me to roll over to commence the HJ. She massages the front for a bit and then takes a drink of water and slowly dribbles it on my dick, she takes her tits out of her top and allows me to play with them and suck them, until I shoot my load and she wipes me up, and herself also with warm towels that she has provided, and all of this was going on while traffic was whizzing by. 
Quite an experience, but as I said, no tantra for me next time.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 21st January 2020, 01:24 PM
Poster ID: wachumba
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
She was working at Princess Girl Massage last year sometime.  I dont know if she has been on recently
Kamila – Princess Girls Massage


