Thread Title: Gumtree Mobile Massage - No Extras List
Floor: #1
Post Time: 28th October 2019, 01:14 PM
Poster ID: yampy
Post Title: 
 Gumtree Mobile Massage - No Extras List
				
Post Content: 
With all the mobile massage options on Gumtree, its a bit of an unknown if they do extras or not (i.e. has not been added to this site) or has just not even been punted yet.  It would be helpful to me and I though maybe others to start a list of any you try that don't do extras so others can benefit by not calling them if it doesn't meet their criteria.  I have realised that it is a Gumtree Ad requirement for the masseuse to say it is a non-sexual massage even if they offer that service.  This will provide a searchable thread for mobile massage that may not be worth calling.

I've added this is Silver as it will contain a number of 'straight service' masseuses. 

Mods..  If this isn't a good idea please remove post.. 



Person's Name : Mandy Hou

Establishment : Mobile Massage

Date of Visit : October 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :. 
https://www.gumtree.com.au/s-ad/eliz...age/1224848328
WeChat : LoveLife-HairBeauty
Mobile : 0450 883991, 0433 421648 (both numbers from Gumtree ad)

Hours of Business : Mobile so contact Mandy for times

Rates : $100 for Lymphatic Massage, I think Remedial massage was $80

Age : 40s

Size/shape : Small, Solid and active

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Lymphatic Massage

Value for money/recommend? : Not bad remedial, not great Lymphatic

My experience/comments :

I've been looking for a Lymphatic masseuse for a while since my last masseuse left Sydney.  A good Lymphatic massage is amazing as it cleans out your sexual blockages and makes you cum like a fountain for a week.

I came across the gumtree ad for Mandy and when I checked her website it said she did Lymphatic massage..  Contact was easy through WeChat and she advised she was now mobile only.    I checked out her WeChat and she looked quite cute and active so I thought it would certainly worth a punt, confirmed the appointment for the next day.

She messaged me on the morning confirming the appointment, She rocked up about 30 mins early minus a massage table and advised she travels by public transport.  She asked if we could use my bed, winner I thought.  As she was early I was in the shower when she arrived, so was just in a towel, I removed the towel and she wasn't bothered with me walking around naked.  She was wearing exercise leggings and removed her jacket to reveal a loose fitting skimpy vest.

The massage proceeded on the bed and she was a competent masseuse and gave me loads of advise on stretching and exercises to help me.  As she was wearing a loose vest every time she bent forward to massage I got a great view of her tits, she had really soft skin to and lots of power in her hands.

So we are about 10 mins from the end, I'm already on my back with a boner from looking at her tits.  With the way the appointment had gone so far I thought it was worth asking about extras.  So I rubbed my cock and asked if she would massage here.  I was surprised she said she didn't offer that, as a lot of people know her and it would be awful if it came out she was offering those services.  Then she blew me away, she said but you can do it if you like, I said it was OK I don't need to, she then grabbed my hand, pumped massage oil into it and said I'd like to watch you do it while I massage you.  So I knocked one out for her while she watched and continued to massage my legs and stomach.  I tried to get her to massage my balls but she was having none of it.  She grabbed some tissues and cleaned the cum off my chest then gave me some tissues to clean my dripping cock.

Massage finished and I joked that next time she could do that for me, but she was adamant that she doesn't do that.

I'm now in two minds on whether to try her again and see if she will do more, as it's convenient for someone to come to you.


