Thread Title: Heidi - Croydon - 0402 562 509
Floor: #1
Post Time: 16th November 2015, 10:34 AM
Poster ID: MattC
Post Title: 
 Heidi - Croydon - 0402 562 509
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Heidi (also goes by Sarah)

Establishment : Private massage lady

Date of Visit : October 2015 

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0402 562 509 or see ad:  Erotic Massage with Heidi - Sydney body rubs - backpage.com
Works out of a private apartment in Croydon

Hours of Business : Mon to Fri 9 am to Midday finish 1pm

Rates : $100 for 30 mins (she is now advertising $140 for 30 mins and $230 for the hour)

Age : mid 20's

Size/shape: tall, slim with natural C cups and porcelain skin. The pics and video on her ad are genuine

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie (of European background)

Services Provided : Massage 

Value for money/recommend? : Ok I guess, but probably not at her current prices.

My experience/comments: Saw this girl is advertising again so decided to post this review.

A few weeks ago I saw her ad on Backpage one morning and decided to give her a try as she looked like a nice girl next door type.
She's prompt at replying and setting up an appointment with her was easy, which I like.

Got to the apartment which confused me a little as it is only a very small four story building above a shopfront on the main street.
Opened the door and was happy to see she was very much your girl next door type, she's tall, slender with dark hair and a cute East-European looking face but also shy and not very talkative, I'd say she's a 7/10. She's moved up to Sydney from Albury or similar and is new to the industry (since Sydney living is so expensive).

The apartment is clean and nice enough but nothing flash, we didn't discuss any extras though I don't think much more would be on offer besides maybe a CBJ. So I got taken to a room with a massage table where she stripped off and gave me a decent massage but no body rubs or anything like that. Got asked to turn over and she proceeded to give me a hand job with me rubbing her pussy, can't say she was too enthusiastic but she did let me suck on her breasts (which are fantastic natural Cs).

All in all a reasonable experience for the money as she's an attractive girl and the pics were genuine which was also rare. However at her current prices you'd be better off going to a place like Bodyrotic where the facilities are much slicker, where you have some real stunners who do body slides for $150/30mins or down the road to 219 Elizabeth St where you get full service for $120 and there are quite a few girls who are as or more attractive. Both places you can get much more enthusiastic service too, but who knows it's early days for her yet and she may find her groove. YMMV.


