Thread Title: Ivy - Bateman's Bay - 0468 945 267
Floor: #1
Post Time: 11th June 2019, 11:54 PM
Poster ID: Just_some_guy
Post Title: 
 Ivy - Bateman's Bay - 0468 945 267
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Ivy

Establishment : Private Massage

Date of Visit : June 2019 - Sunday

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://nsw.locanto.com.au/ID_370587...Body-rubs.html

Phone:  0468945267

Hours of Business : By appointment

Rates : $90 for 30 minutes

Age : 35

Size/shape : 165 cm, slim but curvy

Nationality or Ethnicity : Caucasian

Services Provided : Massage, HJ, BJ, DATY

Value for money/recommend? : Yes, absolutely

My experience/comments : 

I was in the Bateman's Bay area for work, stuck for a night longer than I thought I'd be with nothing to do.  There wasn't much in the reviews here that looked hopeful in terms of general RnT places, so I thought I'd chance a search through some other resource.

I found and messaged "Xxx-Body-rubs" on Locanto and received a reply quite quickly.  After a little back and forth organising the time, she suggested a $90 intro offer.  This is about what  a 30 min R&T would set me back so I thought I'd give it a go.

After a short drive (<10 min) not far from Bateman's Bay CBD (such as it is), I found the place.  She provide good directions and opened the door to greet me as I walked up to the premises, which is a private residence.

She has a great little setup with a bedroom and bathroom in what is probably a converted garage, or at least a separate section of the house. Ivy is gorgeous, with a slim body with great, if not large natural boobs.  She's a great communicator and I honestly just enjoyed chatting with her.

I stripped off at her direction and laid face down on the bed and she started the massage with a little oil.  We'd discussed what was on offer, which was mutual oral and plenty of touching. As I'd only gone with 30 minutes I didn't stay on my stomach for long before we both decided it was time to turn over so that I could see, and get my hands on her as well.  What I received of the massage was fine, although it was really only my shoulders and lower back for a few minutes before I flipped.

She went down on me for a good 5-10 minutes before I offered to swap, flipping her over and going down on her.  She lay back and enjoyed my tongue and fingers on here for the next 5-10. She certainty gave me all the signed to indicate that she had a good orgasm, and the shaking and wriggling felt authentic to me, but of course it's always possible she's a better actress than I am observer.  Regardless, it was great for me, and seemed great for her.

At then end of my going down on her I moved back p and she finished my off with her mouth. She has fantastic BJ skills, with almost no tooth contact on the shaft. Once finished we got cleaned up with a bit more chat throughout, and I jumped in and had a quick shower to finish off.  I sorted out the $ and was on my way a few minutes later.

The conversation throughout was friendly, down to earth and not at all business like. Far and away better than anything I've experienced at any of the RnT or FS places I've been.  If I could get this service anywhere near home I'd be a regular for sure.  Even though it's 4 hours away, I'll be looking for excuses to head back that way if at all practical.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 12th June 2019, 03:26 PM
Poster ID: hyperguy55
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hi,

Was the oral covered?

Thanks


