Thread Title: Jacqui - Gunnedah or thereabouts - 0431 632 126.
Floor: #1
Post Time: 26th October 2018, 07:13 PM
Poster ID: sleazyryder
Post Title: 
 Jacqui - Gunnedah or thereabouts - 0431 632 126.
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jacqui 

Establishment : PML Mobile

Date of Visit : October 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.gumtree.com.au/s-ad/tamw...age/1197606355

Phone :0431 632 126

Hours of Business : 10am to 5 pm weekdays after hours by appointment only 

Rates : $50/hr plus extra for BBBJ or handy mobile only.

Age : early 40’s

Size/shape : 18/20 big girl lost weight so lotsa skin folds

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie as

Services Provided : Massage and topless BBBJ

Value for money/recommend? : Not for me

My experience/comments : 
Made contact through mobile phone.after reading ad on Gumtree.
A pleasant enough person single mum living in a rural setting.

Negotiated to meet and what would likely happen during the session.

She has big ideas about how to deliver services to the bush. Not that kind of bush.
Nonetheless in spite of her ambitions it was clear that she has goals. She had lost a lot of weight and it was obvious.

If I was in a position I would have walked.

Pleasant enough face and personality but the big gal status is not my thing.

I like to enjoy the scenery whilst climbing the mountain. She lives in a satellite Locale outside of Gunnedah.

Mobile service was offered but negotiations saw the Massage venue changed to her accommodation.

I was glad to be face down for the first part. The massage was very mundane and repetitive and I was thinking this was not where I wanted to be. Some girls can walk and talk. This one cannot chew gum and breathe. I suggested she concentrate on massaging not talking. The session continued for what seemed an eternity,
It wasn’t what I hoped for. Just very very average.

After around 45 mins I suggested I would be turning over. Did that and the boring bit of massage suddenly changed. She grabbed my sac and started licking and sucking and cupping my balls. My cock stirred a little. I closed my eyes and it stirred a little more. I felt her mouth and lips surroundthe now hardening shaft.
She pulled off her top and grabbed my hand and shoved it into her now dripping wet pussy. I started rubbing her clit and she jumped and apologised and went back to work. She started to grind down on my hand and then let out a yelp whimper and then shuddered and fell back.
I was less than impressed. After a minute on the floor she stood up and went back to work on the old fella.
She had to start from the beginning but it wasn’t going to happen for me.

I asked her to stop. She was upset and I said don’t worry about it. Shit happens. But not today.
 I got dressed gave her $100 and thanked her then left.

First time in a while I have paid to get out of the situation.

WIR Nope. WIR YMMV with this one but I doubt anyone will be bothered as it’s a trek to see Shrek.

I normally don’t like to comment on an individual’s weight or size but I would be doing a disservice to fellow forum members if I did not outline the facts. 
The fact that the massage was very ordinary leaves me to suggest there are few if any redeeming features.
As I didn’t cum with the oral I felt it would be prudent to warn readers. Lots to see here but nothing doing really.

SR.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 6th November 2018, 07:01 PM
Poster ID: Fred Vile
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
YMMV - sounds good to me. She had orgasm I assume to that leaves the door open


Floor: #3
Post Time: 6th November 2018, 11:33 PM
Poster ID: sleazyryder
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by Fred Vile


YMMV - sounds good to me. She had orgasm I assume to that leaves the door ope
"""



She is a big girl. She is open about gastric banding and she is disinhibited. That unfortunately does not enhance her massage skills. The term YMMV is used with some caution. Pretty sure she is looking for Mr Wong to keep her afloat but may I suggest if you want to go down you pack some breathing apparatus and a pack of flares or an EPIRB.

Her personality is quite pleasant but that does not make up for her poor massage skills.

Jacqui has issues with weight that she is open about. Very plain looking and the only real thing she has going for her is the fact she is a cactus in an oasis of zilch nada nought nothing else really.

There is a very sparse choice when it comes down to the rural choices of slim pickings.

That being said she is not a pushover by any means. You need to work it like it really means something.
She is after all a woman with class.

Apologies to anyone who misinterprets the above and to anyone else who may be offended by the above.

SR.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 8th December 2018, 04:55 PM
Poster ID: sleazyryder
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
https://nsw.locanto.com.au/ID_321005...e-Sensual.html

Mia aka Jacqui clueless about the link between your ad with your real name and age and advertising for business.

She won't win any Contests requiring thought.

As stated she is a big gal and in a desert where there is little to no competition Gunnedah.

Latest ad linked to her Lesbian lurker ad.

SR.


