Thread Title: Japanese 'Al' outcall - Sydney - Book via Cracker
Floor: #1
Post Time: 13th November 2015, 09:51 PM
Poster ID: tersm2007
Post Title: 
 Japanese 'Al' outcall - Sydney - Book via Cracker
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: 'Alex' < English translation I guess lol


Outcalls only.


Date of visit: October 2015.

Contact details: Relaxation massage by Japanese therapist - Sydney therapeutic massage - cracker.com.au

Hours of business: Contact Al via her online ADs


Rates: Massages are $80 for 60 minutes. HJ +$60.


Age: Early-20s

Size and shape: 5'5ish", 50-55kg, size 8, B cup, nice, fit body.

Ethnicity: Japanese

Services provided: massage, nude HJ.

Value for money / recommend: The massage, not so much, the HJ… fuck yes.

My experience / comments:
It's been a while, time for me to add. 'Al' responded promptly to my email via her AD – at that time, on Gumtree. She doesn't post her number online, so I won't do it here. She does so within her reply. 

I didn't ask about extras, as I found the picture of her in the AD alluring enough. And yes, the picture is her. For what it is worth, she is a very cute young women, with devilish sexy eyes. Anyway, back to the massage. She arrived at my place right on time. Lovely natured girl, somewhat shy and respectful, but that shyness is simply pulling the wool over your eyes . She stood beside me while I got naked, she never flinched so I thought I'm off to a good start. The massage itself was very standard, with NO hint of anything extra. As time dragged on, I asked her to concentrate on my groin – you know, because I cycle . To which she replied 'Too close'. I gave up and thought, relax and enjoy the massage by a very cute, friendly girl. I rolled over and the same kind of massage continued, and for whatever reason – ah that's it, the tight shorts. I put my hand on the package and asked 'You do?' '$60 more' was her reply. I laughed, tried to bargain the price with no success (She agreed to take her top off, with bra on). She's sexy and knows it, so she can get away with the price. I have to say, she is very, very good at HJ. The devilish eyes revealed them self and the sexy minx took over.

I've messaged her since, and asked what else is on offer, naked HJ with touching her allowed for a total of $200. It's tempting, because fuck I want to touch her all over lol...... but, I have some great, friendly Thai girls offering me just as much for far less.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 14th November 2015, 10:59 AM
Poster ID: tersm2007
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Ah, why is this moved to 'working' thread? She doesn't offer full-service


Floor: #3
Post Time: 14th December 2015, 09:44 PM
Poster ID: Happy Pills
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I just tried to book.... Thought I would share the Intel....
Wants $260 for hour massage, nude with touching and Daty.... Was going to go through with it based on the reviews.... But is on her period so can't do Daty till the weekend... Will try again next week...
Happy Pills


Floor: #4
Post Time: 28th December 2015, 11:06 PM
Poster ID: Happy Pills
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Have seen this girl a couple of times now, after our first encounter she offered a discount, $200 and our last session went for nearly 2 hours.... Arrived right on time, went down stairs to let her in... She comes prepared with a large sheet she puts on the bed and some massage oils and music etc....
She started off with a very good massage getting out all of the kinks, this went for about 20 minutes or so... When she made her way to the end of the Bed, with her pussy right in front of my face I started massaging her legs, butt etc.. As I made my way too her pussy she was wet, she was actually oozing down her leg.... I slowly rub her clit and started kissing and licking her pussy where she climbed onto the bed for some DFK.... What followed was about 20 minutes of Daty until she came, it was very entertaining watching the facial expressions on her face as she really gets into it.... She then returned the favour with one of the best HJ I have ever had..... We basically repeated Daty and the hand job again..... Was struggling getting the 2nd shot away, so took over to finish myself off, with out hesitation she started to reb one out herself... This was an incredible sight, and I did not last long.... After I cam she paused for a moment and then asked I minded if she finished herself off, so she layed back and rubbed her clit furiously for about another five minutes whilst I massaged her feet and rubbed her ass hole....
This girl is incredibly sexy and playful and am hoping more will be on offer soon.... Either way I don't mind....

Happy Pills


