Thread Title: Jenny - Private Massage - Hornsby NSW - 02 9477 7375
Floor: #1
Post Time: 24th November 2018, 05:15 PM
Poster ID: johnzan
Post Title: 
 Jenny - Private Massage - Hornsby NSW - 02 9477 7375
				
Post Content: 
Person’s name: Jenny

Establishment: Private

Date of visit: Oct 6, 2018

Contact Details: 02 9477 7375

Hours of Business: 10 am to 8 pm

Address: 8-19 Albert St. Hornsby

Rate: $60/hAge: Late 40s

Size/Shape: Medium built

Nationality: ChineseService Provided: massage and hj

Value for money: yes

My experience/Comment:
Jenny is a mature Chinese lady who has been operating this massage studio for several years. I guess she might be professional trained or taught for remedial massage since she acts in a professional way. She still keeps a reasonable shape and look for her age. The massage studio is properly laid out with two massage beds. According to her words, one is for female, the other is for male. Not sure why it is, but with some extra tools for cupping and acupuncture, she looks quite reliable and trustworthy.
During the massage, she advertised how good the massage oil she uses is. I would say it is quite good for me without improper skin reaction. She carried out the massage with high standard and really eased my pain on my back and shoulder. Besides, we also had a good chat during the session. I think she is a good person to talk to. As a mature lady, she is accommodating and considerate, which makes the session goes smoothly without any embarrassment. At the end of the massage, she asked me whether I wanted a hj, which I kindly accepted. I think her rnt skill is not as good as her massage skill, but still can finish the job. For me, hj is just the cherry on the top of a cake, not a big deal.Overall, I think she is really good in terms of remedial massage, and hj is just a plus if needed.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 27th November 2018, 06:12 PM
Poster ID: johnzan
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jenny

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 15/OCT/2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 8/19 Albert St Hornsby

Phone :02 9477 7375

Hours of Business : 10am - 8 pm

Rates : $65/h

Age : 50

Size/shape : Mature, Size 8

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Massage and HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

I have been visiting Jenny for several times in recent years. She is a mature Chinese lady who claims to provide traditional Chinese massage. The place is at the back of Hornsby train station where she is renting it as a massage studio. Only 2 min walk from station, so the location is quite convenient. 

Upon arrival, she immediately identified me and gave me a warm hug. We had a small chat while I put off my clothes. There are two massage tables inside which align side by side. She said one is for male and the other is for the female, which I found it quite interesting. Anyway, as I laid my tummy on the bed, she delivered a hard professional Chinese massage unlike some soft piano type of massage done by non-professional girls. She told me she had proper massage training before coming to Australia. I believed her as she really conducted in a pro manner. 

During the session, we had a great chat covering all sorts of topics and times really flies, one hour soon passed and the massage is coming to the end. She didn't promptly ask me for a HJ. However, when I raised this topic, she kindly agreed and said nowadays she does not often offer HJ since she is getting older. Anyway, she did her job with normal HJ skills, nothing fancy. After all, she was just a normal kind massage lady who wanted to make some extra money by doing it. 

In conclusion, I think if you were to look for a professional remedial massage with a little bit extra service, then Jenny is your choice. She is not only a good masseuse, but also a good conversationist, I seldom find myself boring with her. She may not be so attractive, but she is always a reliable person when you feel cheated in other places.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 8th November 2019, 01:48 PM
Poster ID: Philthehippy
Post Title: 
 Jenny's massage in Hornsby
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jenny

Establishment : Jenny's Massage

Date of Visit : 7/11/2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 8/19 Albert Street Hornsby

Phone :0477 7375 / 0433 475 888

Hours of Business : 10 - 6 Mon - Sat

Rates : $40 for a half hour massage + $20 for a handjob

Age : 40's

Size/shape : slim 10/12 with B cups 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian (Chinese I reckon going by the name on her door)

Services Provided : massage with a handjob as an extra

Value for money/recommend? : good value for a good massage

My experience/comments : Jenny has been based in the same building near the Hornsby Westfield for some time now and she must have built up a loyal client base as she no longer advertises in the local newspaper but does have a board advertising her services on the outside of her apartment block. It was the board that caught my attention when I passes by a while back, as I thought she was no longer in business, but on seeing the board I decided to pay her another visit.
Jenny is what I would describe as a forty something Asian MILF. She is pleasant to talk to, slim, attractive and gave me a very good half hour massage for $40.
I also wanted her to give me a handjob, which she did clothed, and that cost $20.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 23rd December 2019, 02:23 PM
Poster ID: yumyum
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jenny

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : Tuesday

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 8/19 Albert St Hornsby

Phone :02 9477 7375

Hours of Business : 10am - 8 pm

Rates : $65/h

Age : 50 ish

Size/shape : Mature, Slim, Size 8/10

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Massage and HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Certainly

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

Xmas shopping at Westfield, hot and all those young honey’s, half naked on a hot day was getting me HOT. Huge desire for some relaxation…..It had been some years since I visited Jenny, why not I thought. She provides a sensual relaxing massage, not overly erotic, but calm, slow, soothing and gets the job done. More vanilla than erotic.

Laid down and she begins slow and sensual as instructed, slowly building up my interest until turn over time. We had agreed earlier on HJ so there is a lot of light touching around the groin area before she adds more oil and begins slow relaxing stroking. I last as long as I can, occasionally asking her to slow down, but soon time is up. A perfect Xmas present!


