Thread Title: Jenny -  Warwick Farm - 0422 381 218
Floor: #1
Post Time: 28th December 2010, 07:58 PM
Poster ID: jamieg81
Post Title: 
 Jenny -  Warwick Farm - 0422 381 218
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Jenny

Establishment (if applicable): Private

Contact Details/Address: 0422 381 218

Hours of Business: She told me any time, day or night - but I would say it would have to be within reason.

Prices: $40 for half an hour, including hand relief

Age: Early 50s ?

Size/shape: Reasonably slim, B cup, seems to be in good shape for her age.

Nationality or Ethnicity: Asian

Services: Massage and hand relief only (maybe BJ, but didn't ask)

Value for money/recommend?: You get what you pay for. For those on a really limited budget, sure why not.

My experience/comments: 

AD from classifieds:
'MATURE LADY Full body relax msge $40 hr Warwick Farm 0422 381 218'

Jenny works from a cheap motel north of Liverpool. Although her ad says $40 hr, she said it was a mistake - it was $40 for 30 minutes. She is quite good at speaking English and has been in Australia for 30 years.

She would definitely be more suitable to mature men - she told me I was much younger than her usual clientele. But after overspending at Christmas, I couldn't resist a budget release, so thought I would try it out.

She's quite friendly, but doesn't enjoy what she does (she admitted this to me while chatting after) and is only doing this because she has a larger than expected loan to repay.  She had the TV on in the background whilst doing the massage, and was clearly trying to keep track of what was happening in her Chinese soap opera.  The massage was quite soft and she was completely naked.  Her face says GILF (minus the ILF), but to be fair she doesn't have a bad body.  She has a tattoo across her midriff and reasonably nice tits.  Skin was quite soft and smooth, and she allowed me to suck on her nipples and finger her during HJ.

You can get a better massage and experience elsewhere, but for the budget-minded folk who don't mind a more mature lady-friend, it was okay.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 28th January 2011, 12:37 PM
Poster ID: the wizard777
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Yes I saw Jenny late last year. $40 is good value but I would not go and see her again and the motel is suss and I did not feel comfortable being there


Floor: #3
Post Time: 28th January 2011, 02:10 PM
Poster ID: caw
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
i am guessing this is the one across from warwick farm racecourse. i have picked up a few street walkers around warwick farm shops near bp and taken them back there. not the most comfortable motels around


Floor: #4
Post Time: 28th January 2011, 09:48 PM
Poster ID: Top Hat
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Das she do sexa at all?


Floor: #5
Post Time: 31st January 2011, 06:36 AM
Poster ID: the wizard777
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Yes she does offer full service. Not sure of the prices though


Floor: #6
Post Time: 28th March 2011, 09:13 PM
Poster ID: hotwheels1072
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by caw


i am guessing this is the one across from warwick farm racecourse. i have picked up a few street walkers around warwick farm shops near bp and taken them back there. not the most comfortable motels aroun
"""



How much was the motel mate?.....


Floor: #7
Post Time: 1st June 2011, 02:54 PM
Poster ID: catalliance
Post Title: 
 Mature massage review - Bass Hill Sydney
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name:  Jenny

Establishment :  Private (Bass Hill - Sydney)

Date of Visit:  25/3/11

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: 0422 381 218

Hours of Business:   10.00am - 6.00pm 

Rates:  $40 / hr (base) + some extras (if she's willing)

Age:  app. 45 yrs or so

Size/shape:  Size 10ish. Good body for her age.

Nationality or Ethnicity:  Vietnamese

Services Provided:  Massage + HJ

Value for money/recommend?: 7/10

My experience/comments: Took forever to find the place. She was hard to understand over the phone (her English is ok, but a little broken). (Note: She was much easier to understand when face to face).

Her place - well, don't expect too much. It's a small (one room) home situated in a caravan park. On the Hume Hwy next to the Vet Clinic. This is obviously her working place, but still, paper thin walls and lots of nosy neighbours (no loud noises aloud). The place did have a shower and two single beds.

She was very friendly and wore a bath robe when we first met. As soon I entered the room, the bathrobe came off and she was naked.... I hadn't even taken my shoes off yet! Her body was nice for a milf (nice pair of boobs and long legs, slightly bigger bum but overall an 8 for her age).

I stripped and lay on the bed (no massage table). She offered a choice of massages - sexual, soft/hard or relaxing. I chose.... (tada).... sexual of course. The massage was ok start off with but got better as soon as we both got comfortable with each other. She asked a lot of questions, mainly things that I would like done during the massage. Towards the end of the massage, I ended up having my balls sucked and her pussy on my face while she gave me a hand job. She was also not shy about her own body and encouraged me to suck and massage her nipples during the massage. She also asked if I wanted to come twice (at the beginning and at the end).

The service did not feel rushed in any way and we went a little over time, but she did not seem fazed at all.

One major annoyance was her mobile going off every 10 minutes or so. (I didn't think to ask her to turn it off - should have though. A real mood killer). 

She also talked a lot, and I mean a lot. She talked about her homeland Vietnam, how she works for 3 months, then travels for 1-2 months, then straight back to work and so on (not a bad lifestyle). I don't mind some talk during a massage, but she went a little overboard.

Overall the service was above average, but not by much. The surroundings were a let down but once you got to know her she became a lot more friendlier.

$40 for app. an hour (advertised and agreed upon over the phone), but as per usual you usually end up paying a bit more - I ended up paying $80 because of the extras and because the service was slightly above average (also $40 seemed a bit cheap to me).

Cheers


Floor: #8
Post Time: 19th June 2011, 10:14 AM
Poster ID: OldPerv
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Visited Jenny last week....don't think I'd see her again. We met at the dodgiest hotel @ Casula ( the Drop-in hotel ). What a place. While walking upto the room, passed a doorway with an empty port bottle out the front, grafiti on the walls and ciggy butts everywhere. I walked thru Jennys door to find her half naked already. "you want a fuck or massage" were the first words out of her mouth...I hadn't even closed the door yet !! Took the massage option and stripped off. She asked if I wanted a soft, hard or sexy massage. I took the sexy option and she says "turn over..show me what you got". "Ahh, I give you free suck" fine by me, so she rips open a condom and puts it on top of the old fella. Then she says "to small, you have big cock, this won't fit". I had to stifle a laugh, she probably says this to everyone. Anyway with another Dom on she starts to suck away until I'm hard enough to pull, then the Dom comes off and the 1st jerk began. 
  An ordinary pull followed by another tug about 15 mins later, but I don't think I would go back again. As has been said before, she is a woman in her 50's with a decent body for her age who 20-30 years ago would have been a real goer I think. She watched the tv for most of the time but for $50 for 30 min and emptying twice you can't really complain. 
YMMV but I don't think I will go back.


Floor: #9
Post Time: 16th February 2012, 11:15 AM
Poster ID: player1969
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Yeah the motel is called the pop in motel.There are about 5 workers who pay  a day rate till 6pm .There are the roughest chicks and there is one lebanese guy who sends a chick to work there for his drug money.There is a blonde cougar there and 2 asian chicks too.There are condom packets on the ground outside and it is known to be a hotel only for the working girl.All the doors have kicked in doors,graffitti in the rooms on the walls .Very seedy place.


Floor: #10
Post Time: 16th February 2012, 10:45 PM
Poster ID: hotwheels1072
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
The old Grandstand Motel is one of the seediest joints around.....I'd agreed to meet CoCo there one night.....pulled up out front, took one look and drove off....ugh.


