Thread Title: Jessica - Sydney - 0416 680 368
Floor: #1
Post Time: 5th June 2013, 03:13 PM
Poster ID: BiggusDickus
Post Title: 
 Jessica - Sydney - 0416 680 368
				
Post Content: 
Has anyone seen this lady? I believe she used to operate out of Neridah St Complex at Chatswood but now only does outcalls. She has advertised she does thai massage but pretty sure she is MC. have not tried her as yet have been away so anyone? Seems fairly reasonably priced for outcall massage with obvious extras available.

Ad from ADOOS as follows with a nice pic. She also advertises in Gumtree.



INDULGE with this superb massage experience and treat yourself in the privacy of your own home, hotel, office... Arriving with my nurturing and compassionate approach you can look forward to feeling rejuvenated, relaxed and balanced. 

Masseuse has over 6 years experience and a Certificate in REMEDIAL Massage from the NSW School Of Therapeutic Massage, Sydney. And I got TUINA Massage Diploma in China as well. 

Can address issues such as headaches, sore shoulders, stiff necks, general aches and pains or you can indulge in a pure relaxation massage with professional oil. 

8am-6pm seven days 

$80/Hr $150/2Hrs 
"Not a sexual service ", 

Private numbers and emails not encouraged!!! 

Service in the Northern Suburbs 
Sydney CBD massages available (parking charges may apply. 

OUTCALL ONLY!!! 

0416680368

Artarmon based.






Biggus.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 13th June 2013, 10:28 PM
Poster ID: BiggusDickus
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Saw Jessica this week review as follows.

Person's Name : Jessica

Establishment : PML Outcall 

Date of Visit : June 2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Jessica's touch- outcall massage - indulge with this superb massage experience and treat

Hours of Business : By Appointment but generally between 9am and 6pm seven days.

Rates : $80 per hour massage plus $70 to $100 negotiable for FS.

Age :30's mid to late MILF

Size/shape :Pocket rocket C/D cups small size 8 Beautiful arse great tits.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Hong Kong Chinese

Services Provided : Massage Spanish HJ, FS offered but declined this time.

Value for money/recommend? : Yes if you don't mind the auction.

My experience/comments : 

Jessica arrived on time. Looks really good walking up. She sizzles sex appeal.

Dressed in a skirt and leggings with a plunging neckline showing off an absolutely magnificant cleavage.

She didn't bring a table so suggested we use the bed.

My thoughts were this is a tactic for more on offer. Yup was on the mark with that. She started with a soft massage but then gave a very firm massage and this gal knows what she is doing. No slouch here. The massage went from light to firm and was one of the better massages I have had by an Asian milf of late.

 As I am only in town transiting and promised to TOFTT if no-one else would or could be bothered.

This gal climbed on top and my hand reached around to explore. No resistance was the answer. But well covered up she was. It was a cold day.

She pressed her breasts (still clothed) up hard against my arse whilst reaching down towards my calfs. It was a promise of things to come.

After 40 minutes of decent massage varied between soft and hard but mostly therapeutic she asked me to turn over.

I did and Sir Biggus was at attention. Ooh I like she says. You want me do handjob? Of course. You want me naked? Of course. You want me fuck you? Of course but not this time. Next time I say. I had been dying to say that to a wl for some time. Shoe is on the other foot now! I know I thought this girl is hot!

She quickly got her gear off. The arse my fellow punters is to die for. Perfectly shaped not flat like some other asian milfs. Her tits I thought may be enhanced save for the fact they are different sizes so perhaps they are natural. Great sensitive tits. She jumped on and started giving me some awsome spanish. She say I am very horny and she was dripping wet. She had a shaved pussy and it was tight as but wet as. Two fingers inserted. She moaned. You sure you no want me to fuck you. Me very horny. Next time I said. Laughing and enjoying her hands everywhere on my cock. After fifteen minutes of playing around I shot my load.

Laying back and moaning. The only downside was that this milf got up straight after I came and started packing up after dressing.

It is always disappointing when this happens but perhaps if i had fucked her she might've cuddled and held me for a while and, who am I kidding? 

She is only here for the beer, money that is.

All in all a decent punt.

W I C her again probably I will see her another time.

I am uncertain as to whether this one belongs in the massage l section or the wl section or escort section. Perhaps the mods can sort it after the next review.

Happy punting.

Total cost was $120 for the hour outcall including hj and spanish. Would have been $150 for FS after negotiation.
You have to negotiate with this type of girl. They respect you more if you bargain but are not cheap.
If you don't then you could expect to pay $180 for an hour FS and massage which is still good value for an outcall service.



Biggus.


