Thread Title: Jian nuru massage
Floor: #1
Post Time: 28th December 2019, 11:41 AM
Poster ID: Mike934
Post Title: 
 Jian nuru massage
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jian

Establishment : Private apartment in Townhall

Date of Visit : 12/12/19

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : www.asiannuru.com

Phone : 0420670233

Hours of Business : 

Rates : $200 / hour

Age : Claims 26, probably a bit older

Size/shape : Sexy and curvy

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Nuru, B2B, CBJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

Jian is located in an apartment near Townhall (won't put address). She was fairly responsive over text, and I was able to set up a massage fairly easily.

Arrived at the apartment, and she left the door ajar for me to enter.

She was wearing a nice flowing dress that was very flattering. Her body is more or less as pictured on her website etc. 

A shower was then prepared for me, and I returned to the massage table. She immediately stripped naked, and started with a fairly good massage. Not too hard, but firm enough that I could feel some knots being eased out.

The massage very easily transitioned into the nuru aspect (with the warm gel), and it was quite a nice sensation. The hot gel on the skin, with her hands moving all over the body and eventually even her body was great.

Lots of teasing and wanking of my dick (me on my front, her running her breasts along my back, and reaching underneath my body to wank).

Definitely builds up a lot of tension. 

She then finally turns me around, and then proceeds a bit more body to body, and finally finishes it off with a great CBJ. Had me blowing my load fairly quickly.

Overall, a great experience. Jian has a great body, not necessarily the most pretty face, but definitely very sexy and good at what she does.

Would recommend people try at least once. Not sure if I would return, as $200 is a little bit more on the pricy end. But great for a nuru experience.

I am personally more of a guy that prefers a good massage for a reasonable price, followed by a good nude HJ with maybe a bit of B2B. Not big on CBJs etc. Hence for me $200 was a bit more pricy than a typical punt. However, for what you get, I think $200 is very reasonably priced.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 2nd January 2020, 09:12 AM
Poster ID: Jason Hardigan
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks for the review. There’s already a thread on Jian but with the same website and phone number.. but it was in Wynyard. Also her table had 2 holes in it at that place...


