Thread Title: Joanna - Homebush - 0408 632 274
Floor: #1
Post Time: 29th January 2019, 07:12 PM
Poster ID: sleazyryder
Post Title: 
 Joanna - Homebush - 0408 632 274
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Joanna

Establishment : PML

Date of Visit : Jan 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.gumtree.com.au/s-ad/home...age/1208298331

Phone :0408632274

Hours of Business : By appt only. your guess is as good as

Rates : $60/hr

Age : early to mid 40's

Size/shape : 12 to 14 E Cups but not perky

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : massage (kinda sensual)

Value for money/recommend? : Not bad if you bring your own gag

My experience/comments : 
Being sick of the Holiday mode I turned to Gumtree a great source for unique experiences..

This was a little like one of those.
Ad new to Gumtree. Poster wasn't. She doesn't tolerate fools. Not the sharpest knife in the drawer but dismisses mere males for being in possession of a dick.

So being rather wary having to jump through various hoops to get the appt and then access and into the door.
I know most punters would give up but Persistence is my middle name. 

I thought this could be interesting and it was in many ways. Greeted at the door of a new unit block in Homebush. Near the Sydney Olympic site..well proximal to.

Security unit well set up. Claims she doesn't live there. BS. Shown to her bedroom onto the table after some messing around getting setup.
Appears less organised than actually is.

Stayed in room whilst I stripped to birthday suit. Didn't flinch.

Onto table after it was dressed with a towel.
Now Joanna is a part time beauty therapist with an Obsessive personality. I say this because if you have trouble with individuals with mental health issues then best you steer clear.

Now she is manageable but a little annoying. So if you are intolerant don't bother even making any effort to get an appt. You will be disappointed with the result.

Massage started she is really busty but cleavage showing off don't think intentionally as some do.

Casually clueless is the kind of dressing she appeared to be into. For most beauty therapists they have a certain style. Black is back although it never went away.

Face down on the table pressure was good asked if okay grunted a response got more pressure.
Great she can actually massage. Was looking for feedback. If only she would stfu long enough for me to concentrate on receiving the massage so I could give some feedback.

She wasn't shy at all around the boys but wouldn't touch the main package.
Was thinking this is likely about as good as it gets with this one.
And I was almost on the money.

The massage went for a time and was asked if I wanted to turn. Not my thing getting my thighs and stomach massaged. So stayed on my front and requested touching in an area that is usually verboten with most straight therapists.

Her mob kept going off like a frog in a sock.It was constant and mostly ignored. Phone calls texts voicemail it had it all. The session of massage that is.

Finally did the flip after getting some decent undercarriage work. 

Towel placed over the top. Reasonably good massage to most parts on the front whilst on the back.
 Requested more undercarriage work was told flat no.

All in all over an hour of tease yet nothing to complain about as I tried to turn her to the pleasure side.

I get the feeling she doth protest muchly but money talks. So if enough is waved in front we might get a new convert to the wacking side....just don't pass out holding your breath..

She works part time up to 3 days a week with her other job so expect to be given the run around. Her nature is rather obtuse so if you want to have a try just be pleasant and firm on a time.

Enjoy if you can.

My statement is YMMV especially with this one.

I might try and turn her but perhaps someone else can have a go.

Don't forget to review her if you do.

Have no expectations is the key.


SR.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 22nd February 2019, 12:15 AM
Poster ID: sleazyryder
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Joanna has moved from Homebush and is taking a break away from massage for a time.

I went back and saw her again. Second time around is much better. However I will review her again when she starts up again if she starts up again.

Really devoted to her craft and work amongst other things most of us share in common in life.

Will update when more news is at hand.

Thanks for reading.


SR.


