Thread Title: Johanna - Ultimo - 0468 422 163
Floor: #1
Post Time: 22nd December 2013, 01:00 PM
Poster ID: Cartman
Post Title: 
 Johanna - Ultimo - 0468 422 163
				
Post Content: 
Person's name: Johanna

Establishment: Private terrace in Ultimo

Date of visit: December 2013

Contact details: 0468 422 163; index; Johanna also sometimes advertises on gumtree.com

Hours of business: Monday 9am-6pm, Tuesday 9am-7pm, Wednesday 9am-7pm, Thursday 10am-9pm, Friday 10am-9pm, Saturday 10am-9pm, Sunday 10am-4pm

Rates: I received a half hour massage with hand-relief for $40. Generally, her hour massages are between $60-$80. She has many packages on her website ranging from half-an-hour to three hour services

Age: Early 40s

Size/shape: Size 8, C-cup breasts

Nationality: African-English

Services provided: Massage with hand-relief

Value for money/recommended: Her service is value for money and I would recommend her, although she is a little stand-offish sexually.

My experience/comments: I had Johanna's number saved in my phone from an earlier conversation in November. She told me in November that she does massage with hand-relief. Feeling toey I sent her a text message asking how much for a massage. She immediately replied $40 for half, $70 for one hour. I text back I wanted the half hour service and she immediately replied to come over in two hours. That suited me fine. She texts you the street name of her residence in Ultimo, but does not text you the exact address until 20 minutes before your visit.

Arriving at her address I think she was looking through the peephole as she opened the door as I went to knock on it. I was greeted by a slim African-English woman with frizzy hair tied up in a ponytail. She was dressed in a black "massage uniform" (the type the Asians wear in professional shops, just black instead of white). I'd say she is early 40s and looks a little (just a little) worse for wear. If she didn't have her English accent I would have thought she was an Indigenous Australian.

The premises was dark and messy, but bearable. I was offered to change in the bathroom or strip off in front of her (I was not offered a shower and am not sure if she allows you to use her shower). I gave her the $40, stripped off in front of her, and jumped on the massage table. I was offered a bottle of water before and after the massage but declined as I had my own drink on me.

The massage began on the back and was medium-to-hard (I would have preferred a lot harder). But was a decent massage. I'd give it 8/10. Pretty standard - back, arms, neck, legs, flip over, chest, legs, then tug. Nothing special, but not bad either. There is no tackle-tickle or brushing of your bits until the actual hand-relief.

I started stroking as she was working my legs, then she stroked me (her technique could've been better) so I finished myself off. She cleaned me up using tissues and baby wipes, I got dressed, wished her a Merry Christmas, and left.

In my opinion, Johanna is a bit strange. She is very polite (almost too polite) with all things non-sexual (i.e., offering you a drink, asking is everything OK, profusely apologising if she bumps you, etc) but when it comes to things of a sexual nature, she gets very defensive (i.e., would not strip for me, would not let me feel her up too much, made a smart-arse comment when I adjusted my ball sack, etc). I think this woman would rather just give straight massages, but knows that guys a horny bastards, so offers hand relief (at no extra cost).

TL;DR - above average massage, but don't expect to "connect" sensually or sexually with her.

I won't be back. Not because of poor service, it's just I've crossed this provider off my to-do list and will seek out other adventures now.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 29th December 2013, 02:08 PM
Poster ID: North_Shore_Guy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I came across her ad on gumtree (prior to finding this review) and arranged for a massage. I opted for the 'candle massage' as it promised a special ending...

I arrived at the given address and quickly realised it was the housing commission terraces. I figured I would venture on and hope that the woman would be an undiscovered gem. 

Alas she was not. 

She opened the door to the flat and amidst the mess was a massage table. She must have been able to sense my discomfort and asked if I was happy to proceed, to which I answered no. There were no hard feeling and I left quickly.

I'm finding my willingness to walk away from someone (be it due to an uncomfortable setting, or fake pictures) is increasing with experience. So I'll take that to be the silver lining.


Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk


