Thread Title: Julia & Helen - Padstow - 0450 262 778
Floor: #1
Post Time: 28th January 2011, 12:22 PM
Poster ID: the wizard777
Post Title: 
 Julia & Helen - Padstow - 0450 262 778
				
Post Content: 
Posts: 55




2 x mature Australian ladies operating out of Padstow. They advertise in the St George Leader. 2 ladies 1/2 rub for $100.00. I first spoke to them last year but went to visit yesterday. They describe themselves as 1 blonde 40's size 10 and the other curvy brunette with big tits and 30's. Contact and appointment was easy. Called when I was outside villa's. Met by the blonde at the front gate. She looked quite good in sexy lingere. Taken in paid the money, a new towel laid on the bed and then got naked. They had a TV in the room playing porn. In comes the blonde and takes off some of her underwear. Starts rubbing and then the brunette came in. I could not see but having 2 x sets of hands rubbing was quite erotic. The blonde seemed to know what she was doing at first but her massage talents soon slipped. She was lying on the bed with me. However, she then bent over and offered me her tit to suck which was a nice surprise: The blonde kept working my back and the brunette on the legs but not very enthusiastically. Then time to role over and the the blonde reverse straddles me with her pussy in my face. She said play along with whatever you wanted. Stuck a finger in and played with the clit while both of them were wanking me. With her pussy in my face I couldn't see anything so I asked her to move so I could see the action. The brunette had her head down the whole time while she was wanking me. She was kneeling at the end of the bed and her head was between my ankles face first on the bed. Almost like she knew me and was trying to cover up her face!!! WTF. She kept wanking until I came and then she slipped off the bed and turned so I could not see her face. Blondie cleaned me up and offered me a shower. Then she walked away and said her friend would show me out. The brunette walked me to the gate and said goodbye without covering up. Weird. Overall the experience was OK but would not go back again. Like a lot of these ladies I think they  add some years to their age to what they claim. It served the purpose and it certainly was not the worst times I have had.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 28th January 2011, 09:58 PM
Poster ID: syco10
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
did they offer any extras?


Floor: #3
Post Time: 31st January 2011, 06:35 AM
Poster ID: the wizard777
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
No I do not think they do but I am sure one will give you a CBJ


