Thread Title: Katerina - Callala Bay NSW Sth Coast - 0478 763 141
Floor: #1
Post Time: 5th January 2019, 06:02 AM
Poster ID: sleazyryder
Post Title: 
 Katerina - Callala Bay NSW Sth Coast - 0478 763 141
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Kate

Establishment : PML

Date of Visit : Jan 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.naturaltherapypages.com....ssage_services

Phone :0478 763 141

Hours of Business : By appt

Rates : $80/hr

Age : late 40's

Size/shape : 12 quite busty

Nationality or Ethnicity : Bulgarian posing as Russian

Services Provided : Straight massage only

Value for money/recommend? : Meh

My experience/comments...

Seeing Gumtree ad which was pulled by Gumtree advertising massage. South Coast so TOFTT.

Ad Disappeared very quickly. (This is usually a good sign. But)

Made booking. Gave me address in Callala Bay just North of Huskisson Jervis Bay.

Massage was reasonable but really nothing special for someone so qualified 
Was naked on the table. She is a talker. Incessant never shuts up.
Had a feeling hubby or someone else was home. She denied it at first but then said yes hubby at home.
Lost in translation.

Anyway reason for reviewing this. Not much happens in the region so possibility of this turning into an event is so others don't  need to find out personally.

She is straight but not entirely convinced that more might be on offer. It may well be but only to shut her up.

Took the one hour option and was grateful I took no more than that having debated whether or not that should happen.
As said before nothing worse than having to endure a massage on the pretence that it is something being enjoyed but actually meant to book first time for shorter period.

That being said the massage was firm and relaxing just not the kind some of us enjoy and really like.

She is at Callala Bay Jervis Bay South Coast NSW.

WIR probably not even if extras were on offer.

Anyway probably one to avoid.

SR.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 11th January 2019, 04:51 PM
Poster ID: sleazyryder
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Just a postscript for this lady. Using my burner made contact and asked if she was up for a sensual massage.

Firm and short answer was a big fat NO!

So just to confirm avoid this one. Waste of time energy and air. No disrespect just stating the obvious.


SR.


