Thread Title: Krstal - Burwood NSW - 0439 116 479
Floor: #1
Post Time: 23rd April 2019, 11:47 PM
Poster ID: aimlockfire
Post Title: 
 Krstal - Burwood NSW - 0439 116 479
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Krystal


Establishment : She rents a room @ 8 burwood Railway Parade, which is a parlour, but she works independent in a studio upstiars
(Private)


Date of Visit : 22/04/2019


Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://sydney.locanto.com.au/ID_181...th-a-plus.html


Phone : 0439116479


Hours of Business : Varies, according to her other job


Rates : 80/30 mins, 110 for 45mins, 130/1 hour (Easter Special Week - usually 20 more on all rates)


Age : Mid 40s


Size/shape : Size 10-12, Very tall, D cups, Very Slim Super Busty... Not super firm boobs, but tight figure


Nationality or Ethnicity : Caucasian (Australian)


Services Provided : Massage / Front & Back Body Slide / Happy Ending

Value for money/recommend? : Definite yes for me


My experience/comments :

This has been one of my most straight forward punts. She replies within 30 mins to 1 hour always (as she is busy working with clients or her other job)
But communication is very accurate. One funny thing though... she always replies in ALL CAPS!! 

Now I organized to meet her @ 9.30pm on Monday. Once I was at the venue, she told me that she rents out a room of 8 Burwood (The massage parlour/brothel). But she doesn't work for their management and operates privately.

She was dressed in sexy black lingerie with a netty gown. Very Sexy. She has a couple of creases on her face... but overall not droopy old.. more like your next door slim curvy neighbour who you would flirt with and fuck if you get a chance ;-)

Her service was very rhehearsed... but enjoyable still. 

I took the 30 minute option. I told her I really want the sexy stuff really. She smiled and understood. Massage was actually good... she is definitely a proper massage therapist. It was mid level on firmness, and very flowing.

We both got fully naked... yummmy doooo!! nice nipples, clean pussy... but she said no fingering her.. but you can touch it... and touch all other body parts.

10 mins in... on the back.... she was body sliding... those oily boobies... yummy!

then she turned me around (remembering that I wanted more of the fun stuff)

Lots of frontal body slide... but she carefully mentioned... that she doesnt want my cock near her pussy.... so she kept some distance through out the frontal slides...

I was fondling her, squeezing her... smelling her... while she was body sliding me and playing with super oily cock the whole time.

Very exciting times... about the 25 min mark... i spurted all through..

She kept rubbing cock gently... and with all that oil felt nice... almost felt like she knew how to milk every single drop out of it.... very relaxing..

Finished massage, showered... hugged her and good bye

Respect this lady... she charges reasonably... and gives an honest service with a good massage.

There you go boys! or girls if any girls are reading this too ;-)!

Happy Easter!!!


