Thread Title: Latin Massage - Ashfield, NSW - 0433 198 282
Floor: #1
Post Time: 5th December 2015, 01:35 PM
Poster ID: Cartman
Post Title: 
 Latin Massage - Ashfield, NSW - 0433 198 282
				
Post Content: 
Person's name: Andrea.

Establishment: Private block of flats in Ashfield.

Date of visit: November 2015.

Contact details: The Colombian Mamasan, Flor, can be contacted on 0433 198 282. A search for "Latin Massage" on Gumtree also shows their advertisement (although their ad is not up at the moment).

Hours of business: Contact Flor (roughly 10am-8pm, I think).

Rates: $70 for a one hour remedial massage; $80 for a one hour Hawaiian massage; $90 for a one hour bikini massage.

Age: Andrea was early-to-mid 20s.

Size and shape: 5'3", 55kgs, long black hair, brown eyes, pouty lips (botox?), dress size 8, fake DDs, bubble butt (butt cheek injections?), a few tattoos scattered over her body.

Ethnicity: Colombian.

Services provided: Remedial and (somewhat) erotic massage.

Value for money / recommend: $90 for a bikini massage is a bit pricey but if you return you may be able to go further.

My experience / comments: I'd try calling these folk when they were working out of Hillsdale but they went to ground. However, I got a random text message from the Mamasan, Flor. After some SMS ping-pong Flor forwarded me photos of four girls. Andrea was easily the hottest. I requested Andrea at a specific time and Flor told me this would be no problem.

I'm forwarded the address and the block of flats are about a 10 minute walk from Ashfield Railway Station.

Enter the (small) apartment and I'm greeted by Flor. Andrea is sitting on the lounge. Flor was pleasant, Andrea was a bit apprehensive.

Into the room and I'm offered a shower by Andrea. I shower and come back out. Andrea still has her t-shirt on and I request she takes it off as I was promised a bikini massage. She does, although I quickly realise this woman knows next to no English. I request she take off her shorts and show her bikini bottoms but she refuses. No problem, I didn't want to push it as I could tell Andrea was a bit uncomfortable.

Onto the massage table. This is the thinnest massage table I have ever seen. If you're fat don't bother going here. You won't fit on the table.

Anyways, the massage begins and Andrea starts to come around. She even gets a bit playful. Rubbing her bikini all over me and spanking my arse. Good times.

It was a bit of a weird / unique experience - I'll explain below through some "pros" and "cons"...

Pros of the service:
- Andrea rubbed her tits (through her top) all over me.
- She let me playfully choke her (even encouraging me to).
- While I was laying on my back she let me stroke myself and cum.
- There was *lots* of tackle tickle.
- She allowed me to kiss her neck and body.

Cons of the service:
- Andrea did not let me touch her tits or bum (although I could touch everywhere else).
- No kissing on the lips.
- She refused to stroke my cock.
- Andrea knows very little English.
- No extras were on offer. Because of the language barrier I even got off the table, went to my wallet, pulled out a $50 note, and motioned for a hj or bj - but Andrea still refused.

No big deal. I still had a great time.

Offered a shower after which I refused, got dressed, and left the room. Payed Flor the $90. There was a guy standing on the balcony in hi-vis clothes (Flor's boyfriend / husband?) which was funny.

I left.

Pleasant experience.

Will I be back? Yes. I want to see if Andrea will go further because she is an incredibly hot little pocket rocket.

Thanks as always for reading!


Floor: #2
Post Time: 5th December 2015, 01:58 PM
Poster ID: bomberdoode
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I remember their ads for Hillsdale. price was $250 ph then. That put me off. Their website is still up showing Hillsdale still. http://www.thelatintouch.com.au/home/4585860244
Thanks for the report.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 5th December 2015, 02:35 PM
Poster ID: Cartman
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by bomberdoode


I remember their ads for Hillsdale. price was $250 ph then. That put me off. Their website is still up showing Hillsdale still. http://<b>http://www.thelatintouch.c...4585860244</b>
Thanks for the report
"""



Yep that's them. The logo on their website is exactly the same as the logo on the business card Flor gave me.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 6th December 2015, 09:44 PM
Poster ID: wachumba
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Here are 2 gumtree ads from last year.





			
				Qualified 2 female therapist available 7 days and nights.

Experienced and professional therapist who is available weekdays, weeknights and weekends. Qualified with Certificate 4 in Massage Therapy ( HLT 40312) through the Australian College of Massage, Bondi Junction, I deliver thorough and effective massage for your health and well.

Depending on what areas of your body need attention, I seek to make you , the client, feel the upmost satisfaction and respect from the service I'm passionate about it and the care and concern I'm offering....

Hope to hear from you.

Camila

This is a non-sexual service.

INCALLS ( Maroubra)

$80 hr
$ 130 (2girls)
			
		





			
				Traditional Inca Massage
South America Style

We have : Deep tissue massage, anti-stress, Lomi Lomi, medical and sport massage and
Swedish massage

Anti-stress massage $60 1 hr. we have promotion everyday.

We have certificates of: Diploma certificate of beauty therapy in WA Swedish massage certificate in Australian college of beauty therapy.
ALL SERVICES ARE STRICTLY NON SEXUAL Bookings Are ESSENTIAL .
Gift Vouchers and EFTPOS is Available.

Open hours: 9am-7pm Monday - Saturday (only with appoiments)
Incalls (Maroubra) - Outcalls $20 (all Sydney CBD, East)

Compared with another special promo i saw:
Tomorrow
Stephy and Amy
From 3pm to 11pm
All the massage in topless.
From $70 hr one girl.
$110 two girls.
			
		

B2B was available from one girl, another didn't do any extras from reports somewhere else. These girls might not be here anymore. Pricing on the website at $250 is incorrect as others paid the gumtree rates.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 3rd May 2016, 09:55 PM
Poster ID: melboy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Karolina 

Establishment: Latin Massage 

Date of Visit: Late April 2016 

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: 0433198282 | website | Locanto advert 

Hours of Business: 24/7 (if there's demand) 

Rates: $80/hr massage. +$30 topless, +$50 nude, +$40 HJ, +$70 CBJ, +$180 FS

Age: Mid 20s 

Size/shape: Toned but all natural 

Nationality or Ethnicity: Brazilian 

Services Provided: Nude B2B massage, HJ 

Value for money/recommend? Gives you a break from Asians, price not too steep for non-Asian service providers either

My experience/comments:

Seen this group advertising with multiple ads on locanto, some for massage w/ extras, others for multi-girl sessions which are well out of the range of my available punting income.

Shot an SMS to the number above and got a response back within about 15 minutes and established that both in-call and out-call is available. After a few messages backward and forward a time for later that evening was confirmed. Only minor annoyance was a few attempts to upsell to a 4 hands massage for the "special" price of $220 (it is not a special BTW, it is listed on the "menu" - see later).

Rocking up to the provided address in Liverpool Road Ashfield I was a little troubled to find it was a pretty run down looking unit. I wander up wondering how many years would pass before my skeletal remains would be found buried in a shallow grave in the back yard. I ring the doorbell and instead of the huge inked up bikie of my imagination I am met by a pretty, tanned young lady in black underwear. Awesome! 



I’m escorted to a room with both bed and a massage table. Presented with the “menu” (seriously, it looks just like something you’d find in a restaurant!), I elect for fully nude B2B massage w/ HJ. Money is exchanged and my tanned young lady disappears for a bit while I get undressed and crash on what I discover is a pretty meagrely padded massage table.

Karolina returns, strips and begins a pretty ineffective oil massage - there’s no pretence that this is therapeutic in any way. I’m occasionally given a bit of boob slide across my back but frankly this is about as B2B as it got.

Eventually I flip and get a proper look at my beautiful tanned masseuse - she’s got a very sexy all natural body, shaved shoo and a rocking booty. Better yet, she has a sweet and fun personality. Karolina offers no resistance to my wandering hands while she massages my front 

After quite a bit of teasing Karolina decides it is time to work on the HJ. Disappointingly this is about as good as her massage skills - ineffective. I let her soldier on for a bit to see if it is going to get better but it doesn’t so in the end I have to take over to get myself over the finish line.

WIR? Strangely, despite Karolina’s lack of skills, I would - her looks and personality won me over. However I'd be taking the FS option this time, hopefully she's better in bed than she is at massaging!


Floor: #6
Post Time: 30th July 2016, 08:53 PM
Poster ID: mrlova
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I've been trying to contact the number last few days via texting, my calls don't go through. Does anyone know if they are still in operation ?


Floor: #7
Post Time: 3rd August 2016, 12:21 PM
Poster ID: maugoat
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Yes they are and they are advertising on Gumtree:

South America Thai Massage | Massages | Gumtree Australia Ashfield Area - Ashfield | 1117038897

They will SMS photos of girls, prices & roster. The prices are not cheap but they have deals on 1,2 & 3 girl sessions and even have a VIP party on Saturday nights.
Ask for all prices including FS

PS: I just say Bomberdoode's post above. That website has all info:
http://www.thelatintouch.com.au/prices/4585860245


Floor: #8
Post Time: 3rd August 2016, 03:36 PM
Poster ID: gentlescream
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Pricy yes - but definitely does look damn interesting.


Floor: #9
Post Time: 10th October 2017, 07:01 PM
Poster ID: mrlova
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Not a review..but just seeking some intel, I rang up three times over the past few months to make a booking with a masseuse on their website, each time I confirm a booking I then get a text switching me to a girl called Adriana each and every time...saying that the girl I requested earlier is no longer there..... has anyone else had this experience ?


Floor: #10
Post Time: 10th October 2017, 11:59 PM
Poster ID: melboy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by mrlova


Not a review..but just seeking some intel, I rang up three times over the past few months to make a booking with a masseuse on their website, each time I confirm a booking I then get a text switching me to a girl called Adriana each and every time...saying that the girl I requested earlier is no longer there..... has anyone else had this experience 
"""



I seem to recall the thing happening when I tried to get a repeat booking with Karolina last year. Karolina had said she was leaving soon after I saw her, so I was not surprised by being told she was no longer there and consequently didn't think anything further of it at the time. Maybe "Adriana" is a generic name they'll give to whichever girl happens to be available at the time of your booking? My feel is that this crowd is above the bait and switch, but who knows, maybe it is.

Also, which number are you trying? Based on their cracker ads (tip: search "latin") 0433198282 seems for body rub girls, 0410235803 for FS girls. The FS girls seem to have their own website too now which I'd not seen before.

This reminds me I always meant to go back and sample some more latin delights, shame it is in such an awkward spot for me to get too...


Floor: #11
Post Time: 11th October 2017, 12:01 AM
Poster ID: melboy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Deleting duplicate post


