Thread Title: Laura - Dee Why - 0422 793 139
Floor: #1
Post Time: 4th October 2018, 05:34 PM
Poster ID: tonkoau
Post Title: 
 Laura - Dee Why - 0422 793 139
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Laura

Establishment : private 

Date of Visit : 3-10-2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: https://m.locanto.com.au/sydney/ID_2...e-DEE-WHY.html 

Hours of Business : 9-5 7 days

Rates: $160/45 $200/60

Age : mid 20s

Size/shape : Petit, sz 6-8, c cup

Nationality or Ethnicity : eastern Europe 

Services Provided : r&t, no extras to my knowledge

Value for money/recommend? : yes / yes

My experience/comments : 
I booked in to see Laura as I was looking for a local euro girl that was under 50 . Her pictures had me a little worried... the first is clearly not the same as the other two, but when I arrived at her apartment - a neat walk-up in Dee Why - my fears were put at rest.

She is a gorgeous young woman.  She is not the person in the first photo of her ad, but she looks every bit as good!  (And very similar) She is pretty, and has the tightest little body - great ass, and awesome breasts - she says they are B but I think she undersells - more like a wonderful pert C.  Bottom line, she is hot 😀

To start with, she asked me to take off my shoes and she took me to her treatment room which has a good sized massage table.  I had just showered so I got undressed and lay on the table.

When she came back in I was a little disappointed to find she was still dressed in a silk gown and underwear, but that changed soon enough 😉

She started with a nice body rub, gentle touches with occasional teasing.  As she walked around the table I could touch her but nothing too intimate.  I was pleasantly surprised when she started body to body with her soft, warm breasts.  Her skin is something else! 😀. 

After the turn she showed off her skills.  She has one of the best HJ techniques I have experienced, with a range of different movements... she doesn't just start tugging like mad, she builds you up and backs off, in various positions.  She finished sitting between my legs, looking into my eyes and smiling with a wicked grin as she worked her magic with her hands and I had the best orgasm I've had in a while!🤓

She gave a little more relaxing massage, chat, then off to the shower - which was super clean, new, and had great quality body wash / etc on offer... really made the whole experience feel nice 👍 

She is a lovely girl, though perhaps too nice for some.. she has no extras that I am aware of, and touching is allowed but a little limited.  Of course YMMV as she is in her 20s and I'm over 2x her age ... haha

All round an awesome service and GREAT value for a Euro girl on the northern beaches


Floor: #2
Post Time: 9th October 2018, 11:48 AM
Poster ID: flygtfalcon
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
https://www.escortwiz.ch/australia-a...--available-26

Is this the same person?


Floor: #3
Post Time: 10th October 2018, 06:04 PM
Poster ID: Fuzzynuts
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
What the hell is that website? It looks some butchered Geocities site from the 90's...


Floor: #4
Post Time: 10th October 2018, 10:31 PM
Poster ID: tonkoau
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
The ad looks the same to me.  The puzzling thing is she has a way better body than in those photos - go figure!


Floor: #5
Post Time: 11th February 2019, 02:11 PM
Poster ID: whiteywhite
Post Title: 
 Laura - Dee Why - 0422793139
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Laura

Establishment : Private Unit

Date of Visit : Dec 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0422793139 / https://sydney.locanto.com.au/ID_271...e-Dee-Why.html

Phone :0422793139 

Hours of Business : Varies, see ad

Rates : $200 for hour

Age : Early 20's

Size/shape : Thin, size 6, A/B Cup

Nationality or Ethnicity : Czech

Services Provided : Nude body slide RnT

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : 

Look, Laura is not cheap, not does she offer any extra's. But if you want a young, hot euro goddess sliding herself and her hands all over you for a while, I think it's worth every cent.
I'm not 100% sure it's Laura in the photos, I think she's actually a but slimmer. I could easily imagine here in one of Hegres's massage photoshoots. She's quite attractive, and has the body you'd expect from a euro porn model. She does have a horizontal scar across the top of her lady bush, i'd assume it was done back in the Czech republic because it's certainly no plastic surgeon that did it. But if you can ignore that the rest of her body is flawless. She's waxed underneath, just keeps the triangle out front.

When the massage started i was actually really disappointed. She started out really light and almost immediately touched the sack and crack and I was wondering what I was going to do after the first 15 minutes, but fear not, she gets into it. Lots of external prostate massage, inner thigh, some light tickling of the date, sexy groaning in your ear. She climbed up and down off the table several times in different prositions, and this was all before the flip.

She encourages touching of her body and breasts, but the kitty kat is out of bounds. She trusts you not to touch it as she climbs all over you in multiple positions it would be easy to grab a handfull.
Post the flip, you certainly get an eyefull of it, and she's got a really good "come fuck me" face. Great HJ technique, she used two hands and uses her breath and pretty much every part of her body to pleasure you. There's simulated BJ and  simulated FS, spanish etc. 

Fucking top sexy service.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 11th February 2019, 04:24 PM
Poster ID: whiteywhite
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by tonkoau


The ad looks the same to me.  The puzzling thing is she has a way better body than in those photos - go figure
"""



Yeah weird. If you watch that video, the shelving unit in the background looks identical to the one in her unit, but that's definately not her. I wonder if she "took over" the business or there's two women sharing one identity. Because the hot euro who massaged me had much smaller breasts than that woman.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 12th February 2019, 10:18 AM
Poster ID: paunchy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
There is no great mystery here.  I have looked at both the video, dated 22 January last year, and the more recent Locanto ad, and it seems to me that it is the same woman in both. eg same long black hair.

In the video, she states that she is 7 months pregnant, which accounts for the swollen breasts.  She would have given birth in March.  By the time Tonkoau saw her in October, she was possibly no longer lactating, and her breasts had returned to their normal size.  They may even have shrunk a bit compared with their size prior to her pregnancy; that is what often happens when a woman goes through the experience of pregnancy and lactation, since some of the fat in her breasts is used up.

Judging by Whiteywhite's description of the horizontal scar across her belly, it is apparent that she gave birth by caesarean section.

I gain the impression that Tonkoau and Whiteywhite may not have had the experience of fatherhood, since they do not seem to be aware of the changes that a woman's body undergoes during and after pregnancy and lactation.

In any case, she sounds well worth a visit, and I will put her on my list, since I go to Dee Why fairly regularly. Whiteywhite's description of her makes her sound like my sort of masseuse, ie sensual but not too raunchy.


Floor: #8
Post Time: 14th February 2019, 02:46 PM
Poster ID: mikey73
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
The hanging print is the same in both apartments , come on guys 