Thread Title: Leeya - Hamilton, Newcastle - 0468 953 106
Floor: #1
Post Time: 9th April 2015, 05:17 PM
Poster ID: deepthroat
Post Title: 
 Leeya - Hamilton, Newcastle - 0468 953 106
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Leeya

Establishment : Private Hamilton Newcastle

Date of Visit : 9 Apr 15

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Busty Asian girl the best oil relaxing massage  - Newcastle escorts - cracker.com.au Ph  0468953106
Hours of Business : 

Rates : 60/30min 90/hr

Age : 25

Size/shape : stocky nice (covered) rack

Nationality or Ethnicity : Claims Thai/Jap all I know is she is Asian

Services Provided : Massage + $30 Tug

Value for money/recommend? : Not really

My experience/comments : 

Easy booking via text message address given, old house. Once inside clearly one of those bedsit type places with multiple unrelated occupants. I saw one as I was leaving Leeya was un phased. So once in her room, clearly where she lives, there is a bed and mattress on the floor, guests get the floor! So towel over body a fair bit of the warm up pressing type stuff, she was wearing a t-sirt and panties, not the dress in the ad that is promised, but it was hanging up. It was cooler so I cut her slack. Then a reasonably soft oil massage I turn over and a repeat of the towel pressing stuff, then whips off the towel and offers "happy ending?" I say OK, she says $30,  I'm there so dont argue, I then indicate the rack ought to be exposed, the shirt comes off only and a little soft touching is permitted but she isn't comfortable with it, a very oily HJ follows, I finish lots of oil works doesn't it!. She then leaves the room and gets a warm water bucket and a towel bath cleans me up and i leave. Wont go back it was all average at best. Only go if you have a pressing need and can't find anything else. IMHO.

DT


Floor: #2
Post Time: 9th April 2015, 05:28 PM
Poster ID: nextlif
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Leeya's Cracker ad,





			
				I'm Busty beautiful girl 25 years old Thai half japan white natural 36 D. I have experience in massage 2 years. I have nice smooth skin and beautiful long hair. I love and very happy to do massage. Where would you like to go after tried from work.
I do real good massage and more bonus for all gentlemen i wear sexy dress when massage. It's mean you will get good massage and good feeling same time 
Come to get the best massage with my Magic hand 
Oil relaxing massage
$90 / hour
$60 / half hour
(Sexy dress) 
" Out call available ( Hotel or Apartment In Newcastle CBD ) "
Please call or text to make booking only.
Sorry if I can't pick up phone when i massage because i have to take care my clients the best but i will reply you as fast as i can.
Thank you  Phone : 0468953106
Poster's age: 25

• Location: Newcastle


Floor: #3
Post Time: 12th April 2015, 08:19 AM
Poster ID: sideshowbob
Post Title: 
 Busty Asian Girl Best Oil Massage - Newcastle -0468 953 106
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Busty Asian Girl

Establishment : Private house in Hamilton Newcastle

Date of Visit : 9/4/15

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Busty Asian girl the best oil relaxing massage  - Newcastle escorts - backpage.com Ph 0468 953 106

Hours of Business : 

Rates : $60 massage $20 happy Ending

Age : 25

Size/shape : Curvy

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian - Mixed

Services Provided : Massage and HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Not my cup of tea

My experience/comments : Found the add on backpage after trying to secure the services of Alex or Leoni for a massage and being unsuccesful i went on the hunt. Organised the visit and drove to the street address before calling to confirm. Residential property, seems to be a share house that is undergoing some renovations. Meet at the door by her in the costume as per the pictures on her add. taken down to what seems is her bedroom and massage room all in one. Massage is carried out on a soft foam mattress on the floor and the massage was very ordinary compared to what else is usually available, roll over and happy ending time, the outfit came off and underneath was a g-string and bra. HJ was average bit of touching of boobs and nipple play as well as rubbing her through her g-string, 

Overall not the worse experience but didn't really do what was required


Floor: #4
Post Time: 9th June 2016, 06:08 PM
Poster ID: GoatyMcBleat
Post Title: 
 Lipta - Hamilton,Newcastle - 0468 953 106
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lipta I think it was

Establishment : private residence in Hamilton 

Date of Visit : 9/6/16

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0468953106 - ? Beautiful Asian Girl Best Relaxing Massage? - Newcastle escorts - cracker.com.au

Hours of Business : not sure on hours, she said usually she works Thu/Fri here in Newie and sometimes weekends too, Mon - Wed in Sydney. 

Rates : $90 1hr, HJ $30

Age : Late 20's

Size/shape : chubby, big tits, guessing size 10 or so. I'm usually into small girls but she was very attractive nonetheless. Greeted me wearing a black teddy lingerie piece. Photos are fairly accurate but I would day she's put on a couple more kilos since they were taken. 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai I think

Services Provided : Massage, HJ

Value for money/recommend? : ABSOFUCKINLUTELY 


So I've been punting through stores for a while, had one or two experiences through private girls on Cracker or other places but more often than not haven't had a good experience. I've started Googling the phone numbers from ads that interest me as well as Reverse searching the images, 99% of the time the images show up on an overseas news site or something or the phone number is advertising the same ad with different pics in different places, these are fairly obvious bait and switches. 

Anyways I'd found a few reviews on this girl in the new members section, none of them passed but they leaned towarda positive so I thought I'd take one for the team and get a proper report. 

So I texted her asking if she was available around 4 or 5, got a message back within minutes saying '4pm u ok?' Booked in and jumped in the shower. She'll send you to her street and ask you to call when you're close. I parked a fair way away (driving a sign written company car!) and called, I was only a block away so walked up to her door. This was the only bad part of the trip, the residents/owners of the house were out in the front yard and I felt a little bit sketchy going in... But I've been punting for ages so don't really give a shit. If that bothers you, maybe just ask her to make sure your entrance is private. 

Her room is right at the front of the house so no need to walk through anywhere or past anyone. The room itself was lovely; clean and tidy, well lit, so on. I stripped and jumped on the mattress on the floor (no massage table here) and she got ready. 

The massage itself was AMAZING. She started by wiping my feet clean with a warm towel which was a nice touch cause it was bloody freezing outside, then proceeded with a hard massage through a towel mainly involving kneeling on me and rocking forward on her knees, shifting her weight and getting right into my sore muscles. A few stretches  thrown in, all done very well. 

Next she laid the towel over my upper body and oiled my legs and ass up... From here on she was a lot lighter and more sensual, but every now and then would suddenly make a fast and hard sweep the full length of my legs, then go light again. PLENTY of "accidental" brushes of my balls and a few not so accidental, I was rock hard in no time. She moved the towel to my legs and did the same on my upper body, alternating between short & light movements then long hard ones... I was literally squirming under her by this stage cause she'd got me so horny. 

Time to flip over and another nice touch, a strong but very sensual massage of my legs and inner thighs... Something I love but is sadly usually lacking in a massage since they mostly just go straight for a mechanical wristy. I was at full hog by now so she would push my cock to one side while she massaged one inner thigh, even the way she pushed my old fella aside was sexy. There were a few chest brushes thrown in here too which were a lovely surprise. 

By this time I'd pretty much pinned the towel to the ceiling so she took it away and started playing with me... I'd love to say I got a ten or fifteen minute HJ but in all honesty I was so hot by now that even though she went slow at my request there was no way I was lasting more than a couple of minutes. Despite having rubbed one out an hour and a half before,  I came LONG and HARD, and she kept working me just right until I was spent. 

She finished up and said thankyou etc etc, I was thinking "wait a minute that wasn't an hour" but I checked my phone while getting dressed and we were bang on the hour. The massage was so good that it felt like half that.. 

I suppose if I had to pick anything bad about the experience I'd say that having to meet the gronky bogan welfare family residents wasn't great.... and she did remain clothed while she gave me the HJ but I was in a delirium by then so I didn't even think to ask her to get her tits out. I did get a hand up her shirt which she seemed fine with, I'll ask her to get nude next time for sure. I feel like a bodyslide from her would be off the chain so I might try for that next time.

The only truly negative part of the experience was that I didn't book two hours!  I think I will next time, would be money well spent. 

Hope you enjoyed the read, safe punting!


Floor: #5
Post Time: 10th June 2016, 11:14 PM
Poster ID: pizzaman
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
For a moment I thought you were talking about Hamilton Island.
Damn I went to Hamilton and couldn't find any girls


Floor: #6
Post Time: 11th June 2016, 01:13 AM
Poster ID: GoatyMcBleat
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hah sorry mate, will be a bit more detailed with location in future reviews


