Thread Title: Leila - CBD Sydney - 0481 767 781
Floor: #1
Post Time: 30th October 2018, 01:50 AM
Poster ID: Davidw2
Post Title: 
 Leila - CBD Sydney - 0481 767 781
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Leila

Establishment : private 

Date of Visit : 30 October

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0481 767 781. https://sydney.locanto.com.au/ID_307...Apartment.html

Hours of Business : flexible but will make appointment before 10am

Rates : $220 per hour

Age : stated as 27 and this was accurate

Size/shape : slim, tall, tanned, 6-8, B/C cup perky

Nationality or Ethnicity : Singaporean / Australian

Services Provided : body to body massage, mutual touching, DATY

Value for money/recommend? : yes 

My experience/comments : Easy to make an appointment with, apartment near Town Hall station, has concierge downstairs but good buzzer access. Leila greeted me in sexy underwear, made me feel welcome - all pretty much exactly as her advert, candles, music etc, her pictures are 100% her. She starts off with some gentle oil massage, me face down, her naked pussy at my head, then plenty of sliding, pussy grinding, blows warm air in your ears, very sensual and GFE style, then turn over and lots of oil, pussy cock massage and Leila starts to get excited. She likes soft massage anywhere on her body, pussy smooth but stubble above, very wet, great smell, and hey in no time she is sitting on my face enjoying DATY. This is looking like it could become FS rather than massage which wasn't my plan. Anyway after a bit of fingers to pussy stimulation, more pussy to cock massage, we change to 69 and I come all over her.  Leila's advert info makes it clear she is not offering FS but a little bit of research later shows she has with different tel no's in the past. She is attractive, engaging and an enjoyable experience. I will return


Floor: #2
Post Time: 4th November 2018, 02:43 PM
Poster ID: pharqueme
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Joline Tang I suspect. 

https://www.werescorts.com.au/escort/joline-tang/


Floor: #3
Post Time: 4th November 2018, 06:01 PM
Poster ID: WickedWilly
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Davidw2, is the locanto link correct ? 

I noticed that the locanto link in the review actually goes to Jian's advert which gives a different mobile number than in the above review (and at the time or writing was last edited yesterday so, I assume, means current) - is this a mistake?  A recent crockor advert with the same mobile number as in your review, lists her as 177cm, and that is way taller than the Jian I visited last year - who was from Hong Kong.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 16th November 2018, 08:43 AM
Poster ID: Davidw2
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
current link
https://sydney.locanto.com.au/ID_317...Apartment.html


Floor: #5
Post Time: 9th September 2019, 07:03 PM
Poster ID: Davidw2
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
current link
https://escortify.com.au/sydney-escorts/leila-6988
new mob 0426004113
still provides great GFE and FS at $300


Floor: #6
Post Time: 23rd September 2019, 01:26 PM
Poster ID: Madeupname
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Leila - CBD Sydney - 0481 767 781

Establishment : private

Date of Visit : 29 Aug 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://sydney.locanto.com.au/ID_365...-Discreet.html

Phone : 0481 767 781

Hours of Business : 

Rates : $220/hr

Age : late 20s

Size/shape : slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Singaporean 

Services Provided : massage

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : 

Leila's a tall, slim, small-boobed Asian lady, very sexy. Her face is a bit mannish, which freaked me out slightly (was she a post-op trannie?), but as found out, there was nothing blokey about her. Had a shower, and I was glad to see that the massage takes place on a bed, not a table. I lie down, and she sits cross-legged at my head, with her pussy in contact with my forehead, and starts the oil massage. She asked, was there anywhere I'd like her to concentrate on? I pointed to my groin and she laughed. Then it was on - lots of oil, lots of body sliding, ear licking, cock and ball work. Soon, my cock was as hard as a rock. 

Turned over and more sliding, and she very thoughtfully brought her tits up to be sucked. Seemed to like it. She sucked my nipples too. Then I went down on her for some DATY (definitely a lady's vagina), although she said 'no' to fingering. Then she turned herself over so that she was lying face-up on top of me (so we're both looking up), supporting her weight with her arms, and started massaging my cock between her oiled-up thighs. Yummy! My cock was about a centimetre from her pussy. Unfortunately, she upped the pace at this point. I should've told her to slow down, but I was too carried away with the pleasure of it all. I felt myself pass the point of no return, and just had time to move my cock away from her pussy before I came. There were still 15 mins still to go - we just chatted and caressed each other. Told me she offers FS 'when he feels like it'. 

So dammit, I never got to experience  the advertised "french ending", but I had a bloody good time! Next time, I'll take more care managing the pace. 

Her FS option is here (different phone no.):
https://www.escortsandbabes.com.au/P.../privateasian/


Floor: #7
Post Time: 24th October 2019, 10:37 PM
Poster ID: WickedWilly
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Leila

Establishment : Private apartment

Date of Visit : Oct 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.escortsandbabes.com.au/P.../privateasian/
Pictures are real

Phone : 0481 976 022

Hours of Business : 10- Late Mon-Fri, Weekend by appointment

Rates :  300 ph

Age :  27 alleged, I think early 30's

Size/shape :  177cm, Size 6-7 (hard body)

Nationality or Ethnicity : Taiwanese /Singapore/Europe

Services Provided :  FS

Value for money/recommend? : Expensive, but YES I recommend!

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

My favorite WL is increasingly off doing other things, so I am looking for someone new to play with. The reviews here and her advert on E&B finally got me to put her on the top of my list.

Booking done and confirmed the day before with one SMS each way,.  SMS confirmed on the day and I showed up to get the door code SMS's through without me having to wait, buzzed in within 10s, so no waiting like a lemon in the street. Top marks so far.

I've booked the 90m massage today $340, pretty big chance for a first time, but I had a good feeling about this one. The door opens to her in panties, and a smile. Her body is slim and fit. Later I was to discover the extent of that firm and toned physique. Offered water, and sorted the finances and off to the shower.

The apartment has been set out for the purpose of this service. There is a direct line of sight from the bathroom shower, so as soon as you finished up showering and exit the bathroom, you see her sitting cross legged with the come here gesture. Like a good boy you walk over and lay down as instructed. Candles are burning and soft new age tunes are playing.

Lay face down to start, head pressed up against her pubis. The full body massage that followed was among the top two erotic massages I have ever experienced, I don’t know how much time went by but it wasn’t short. Finally she slips off her panties and asked me to flip.

At this point both brains are pretty much settled on the fact that we want to fuck this girl. Soon after she writhed around and had me pinned down, laying on my front (her face up) with my cock scissored between two hard thighs, wanking me off with her solid thigh muscles working to close the thigh gap she has me trapped in.  All this time, my oily hands are round the front wandering over those abs, counting each muscle, then down between her legs (outside only), back up. Moving up to finding out that her tits, though really small, had nipples that made her shriek a little when brushed lightly (and later licked tip of tongue to tip of nipple which seemed to do some kind of erotic magic).

We are both covered in oil from the neck down to our feet and having a lot of fun, we had 100% clicked basically and had got equally horny and so I asked her about upgrading to FS. She's like "Oh you wanna fuck me? Good!" and immediately reached for the dom, and bagged me up. Somehow or other this was only going to cost me $60 more for a total of $400, I was not arguing this point.

Another item was going to get crossed of my bucket list - fucking while both are covered in oil - all these years and never done that - logistics have always seemed to get in the way, and thats a shame because I really like it.

The FS was brilliant and it took me a while.  Reverse cowgirl aggressive on her part, slow deep doggy, then deep mish with her knees up to under my arms, last part was vigorous on my part (at her request to do her hard) to a big finish. 

So off with dom and she cleaned me up. I don’t really remember that, because I was in a post nut fog, but we settled down, clarity returned and we cuddled and chatted for about 20m. I went quite a bit over time, but was not rushed out as she had a free hour before a social plan and tbh, we were both enjoying each other's company - so it seems like I got a pass today.

Would I return? Yes, I am certain because this girl ticked all my boxes playful, fun, top company and great sex.


Floor: #8
Post Time: 24th October 2019, 10:41 PM
Poster ID: WickedWilly
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Just noticed something about where I am

This lady definitely does FS and is also reviewed the Wl forum here, maybe the threads need to merge?

https://auxxxreviews.com/forum/f100/...6-022-a-48613/


