Floor: #1
Post Time: 16th July 2019, 10:55 AM
Poster ID: wazzas40
Post Title: 
 Lexi Harris - Newcastle/North Sydney - 0435 924 120
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lexi Harris

Establishment : Independant

Date of Visit : 10th July

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.lexiharris.net/

Phone : 0435 924 120

Hours of Business : 8am - 9pm

Rates : 30min = $150, 45min = $200, 1hr = $250

Age : 29

Size/shape : 8-10 and curvy

Nationality or Ethnicity : Caucasian

Services Provided : Full body massage

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : Traveling up to Newcastle last week for a conference i found myself with some free time on Wednesday afternoon / evening. Looking to unwind and relaxing began searching for a sensual massage in Newcastle. After a while searching found out that Lexi was touring in Newcastle. looking at her website she offers a fantasy slide service which sounded wonderful so the call was made and booked myself in for a 1 hour session.

Lexi works out of a serviced apartment in the Newcastle area. I arrived at the designated time and was greeted at the door by a stunning young lady with long strawberry curly hair and curvaceous body with perky B-cup breasts. Once the financial formalities were out of the way it was off to the shower. 

Stepping back into the room there was a mattress on the floor and the room was lit with some ambient lighting setting the scene nicely. Laying down on my front the massage began. Lexi was wearing bra and panties to begin. The massage was soft and sensual as she worked her hands all over my body from top to toe. Brushing them between my thighs from time to time adding to the sensuality of it all. Lexi removed her brand panties and begin a body slide on my back. Feeling her soft skin and perky breasts sliding along my back was heaven. Her long curly hair brushing against my skin. Sliding up my back i felt her warm breath on my ear as she licked and nibble a little.

Feeling very relaxed and excited was asked to turn over and lay on my back. Lexi commenced to masse my for a moment and then came the little twist in her massage. She asked if i would like to try something a little different i agreed and she proceeded to lightly bond my hands together above my head with a scarf and placed a blindfold on me. Not being able to see her but just feel her as she touched me heightened the experience. Not knowing where she really was in the room or what she would touch next. She proceeded to tease me more but brushing scarves across my body and light touches with her fingers. By this time i was at full attention and twitching. She began another full body slide on my front feeling her sliding up and down across my member. She placed herself between my legs and began massaging my thighs then placed her mouth around my member sliding on a condom and gave a very nice slow and and sensual BJ. She began edging me bringing me close and taking me back. After 5-10mins of this she untied my hands and removed the blindfold and untied my hands. Keeling beside me she began stroking my cock up and down as she lifted one leg and slide a vibrator into her pussy which was just above my face. The sight of that vibe siding in and out and her working my cock was all to much as i exploded. It was a toe curler i have to say. Feeling spent and relaxed Lexi began to clean me up as i was one little happy camper for sure.

If you are looking for a stunning young lady to explore some erotic pleasures with then i would highly recommend Lexi. She tours regular and i know i will for sure be keeping an eye out on her website to see if she does get to Sydney sometime


Floor: #2
Post Time: 10th January 2020, 10:59 AM
Poster ID: PolskiPantsless
Post Title: 
 Lexi Harris - Sydney
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lexi Harris

Establishment : Nth Sydney

Date of Visit : November

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Home | lexi

Phone : 0435 924 120

Hours of Business : Varies

Rates : $250/hr + $50

Age : 30s

Size/shape : Petite/Curvy

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : Massage + Blow + Ass Worship

Value for money/recommend? : Recommend

My experience/comments : 

Noticed i hadn't posted this review even though i had started it previously (shrugs).

Anyways, contact with Lexi was easy. I found her on E&B when she was touring, liked the photos and booked in a session


She was in a North Sydney apartment. There was parking but everything was paid.Let her know i was downstairs and she promptly came to get me.Body wise is as per photos. I was worried there weren't many face shots, but she is definitely attractive.


After parting with cash we got on with it. She is soft spoken throughout and her massage was great (i wanted to relax, not have a physio session).

On the flip same kind of massage all over until she got to my old fella. Bit of handjob, great blowjob, then her on top grasping my penis close to her pussy while pretending to ride me as i climaxed.


After i came a bit of a cleanup then onto the next part.

I paid extra for the booty worship (im an ass man), so she grabbed 2 dif sized butt plugs and asked me which i prefer, i let her know its her choice. She chose the bigger of the 2 .


After alot of ass in my face, playing with her toy and pussy(she seemed to be getting off on it) she tried to get me going a second time but i couldnt take it anymore as i get too sensitive. I continued on on her then later called it and had a shower.


I definitely recommend and waiting for when she tours Sydney again. Hopefully with her friend as ill give doubles a go.


