Thread Title: Lidija Ivicevich - Huskisson, South Coast NSW - 0448 035 227
Floor: #1
Post Time: 13th May 2018, 04:43 PM
Poster ID: sleazyryder
Post Title: 
 Lidija Ivicevich - Huskisson, South Coast NSW - 0448 035 227
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lidija

Establishment : Private between home and Unit in town

Date of Visit : April 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.gumtree.com.au/s-ad/tome...ies/1117894912

Hours of Business : 10am to 2.30 pm Schoolhours weekdays.

Contact: Mob 0448035227

Rates : $80/ hr

Age : Late 30's early 40's

Size/shape : Big Size 18 to 20 C cups

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie Slovakian/Serbian

Services Provided : Massage ( not even good at that)

Value for money/recommend? : No way.

My experience/comments:

Now I look for different types of punts. Unusual situations can make for exciting adventures usually or should I qualify that sometimes.
I spotted this one that appeared to maybe have some promise.

If you are looking for an exciting adventure stop here and click the next thread.


Still reading well well thanks for staying.
This punt came under the category of TOFTT except I had no team in mind.
This one is best served as a warning to spend your hard earned or indeed winnings elsewhere.

Made contact with Lidija several months ago. 
The Kundalini line in her Gumtree ad was suggestive enough to have roused my interest.

Huskisson is a defence base town on the South Coast of NSW.

Lidija actually works from between home and town. Tomerong is where she lives and Husky where she has a work unit.

Nice enough girl. Overweight and very plain looking.
 Appointment was made for late week after lunch during school hols.

Easy enough to find the address in the Main Street . Parked and upstairs to the wtf is this? Has an office sublet between two other offices with glass partitions covered in butchers paper. Not a good look.
 Table setup in this partitioned office room metres away from other rooms. None adjoining thankfully. inside toilet facilities shared with others on floor. No shower. 
Not looking great.
Thinking shit why what and how.
Why did I book this shit.?
What will happen if I walk?
How do I plan my escape route?

In for a penny...Well Lidija  I wasn't too sure about but thought well I am here so best get on and see.

No instructions on how much to remove so did as I always do nude up or down. For the record I always remove everything and if they comment I get dressed and walk. Professionals have no problem.

Onto the table. Fresh linen. Thinking she is very plain so she likely will do extras or at least a handy.
wrong

The massage commenced and she whinged about her business partner who was undercutting her and likely doing extras.damn wrong girl.
The massage was very ordinary. The type you get from beginners or those who just have no idea.
Repetitive little pressure. Going through the motions bored as boring can be. But talk well that she could do. As for the massage she needed directing. Oil applied liberally but no shower oh no!
She was not adverse to going into places requested however she avoided the tackle.

Still wasn't certain if a handy was on offer.

45 minutes seemed an eternity. I asked to turn over. Was hoping she wouldn't notice my flaccid dick.
Well she didn't and it isn't usually that way however after listening to her whinge and whine about her ex and biz partner I kinda got a feeling she was less than a gregarious individual 

The ex was a monster and the biz partner was about ripping her off.

She was a liar as I was to find out shortly after leaving. Now I asked if she would take care of the gear between the legs. Nup don't do that was the reply. I had my best puppy dog eyes on they usually work but to no avail. This time.

So as I was getting dressed and preparing to exit after paying my share of her mortgage payment Lidija disclosed she had previously worked full service at a brothel in Parramatta in Sydney not far away from where she grew up. Back in the early noughties. She further disclosed the reason she had done that work and I realised then my radar was still working.

I think I did enough research to determine that perhaps something might be on. However this girl was sending out signals she didn't realise were being sent. She reverted to type.

At days end I felt the journey may have been a waste of time for me but not for her.

It is called a punt after all.



Sleazy.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 13th May 2018, 07:37 PM
Poster ID: peterpaul
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
You could have driven 5min up the road and had the best fuck  session ever from lily black booty
Pp


Floor: #3
Post Time: 13th May 2018, 10:37 PM
Poster ID: sleazyryder
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by peterpaul


You could have driven 5min up the road and had the best fuck  session ever from lily black booty
P
"""



https://auxxxreviews.com/forum/f100/...ly+black+booty

Thanks for the heads up PP. link is to that lovely black booty.

Indeed I was close to lily but was on a mission to unlock others on the South Coast. I have seen quite a number in the last little while with some success but mostly very little other than straight players in the region. Of course Lily Black Booty is no mystery and doesn't do much massage except with your cock in her booty...lol

Wasn't thinking at the time. Damn it...

Sleazy


Floor: #4
Post Time: 14th May 2018, 07:14 AM
Poster ID: peterpaul
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Yes no massage with lily and a few more dollars 
She has a new website wildjunglegirl 
Which is pretty good especially the private gallery unfortunatly you have to have a password (which i have) 

Pp


Floor: #5
Post Time: 16th May 2018, 06:44 AM
Poster ID: sleazyryder
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
https://www.truelocal.com.au/busines...sson/huskisson

This is the link for M & L Massage Huskisson. Lidija's operation.
There are a number of businesses that do massage close by so if you look up true local you might find something to review. Most are private situations. Absolutely no guarantee you will find any Adult services however it is a defence town.
Btw the mobile is different from the one posted on her Gumtree ad.
Happy punting.

Sleazy.


