Thread Title: LillyRose - Byron Bay - 0403 955 893
Floor: #1
Post Time: 9th May 2019, 06:20 PM
Poster ID: delpippo
Post Title: 
 LillyRose - Byron Bay - 0403 955 893
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lilly Rose

Establishment : PML

Date of Visit : May 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :https://byronbay.locanto.com.au/ID_3...c-massage.html


Phone :0403 955 893

Hours of Business : unsure ask her

Rates : 30mins $120  45mins  $180 60mins $220

Age : 29

Size/shape : Size 8 slim curvy

Nationality or Ethnicity : French

Services Provided : Massage BJ (i think does full service )

Value for money/recommend? : yes and yes

My experience/comments :

Looking for a sensual massage and came upon Lily, now after doing some research she does offer full service if you look into her other Ad's on locanto.  Was hoping to see Lily at short notice, sent her a sms and everything was quickly organised in an hours time although reading some of her text is a little hard as i believe she is her studying English.

Given address to a place i've been before a nice kinda of bungalow style complex. Upon meeting Lily she is quite attractive about 170cm tall light brown hair brown eyes a slim curvy size 8/10 body with some lovely B cup breasts. She has the most sexy accent being French and was surprised she can speak English quite well even though she is studying it. She asks what i'am after which i find odd but then remember she offers full service aswell. Another thing is she dosen't like to be paided before hand only after she has finished. I opt for the 45mins at $180 to test the water

Offered a shower and clean towel, quick 2 mins shower and i come out to see Lily is in her Gstring waiting for me, she does have a tattoo on her back but it is in good taste think its a dragon but can't remember was too focused on her lovely b cup tits. Lay down on the massage table, fresh clean towel where Lily uses coconut oil and gives  a very good massage with some good pressure, she really gives a good therapeutic massage with not too much chitchat but enough to be charming. After this she oil herself up and and give an amazing body slide on my back

Flip over and start a soft massage on my front, im already hard as a rock, Lily then jumps on top and gives and amazing bodyslide where she rubs my cock in between her tits and then slides up with a cheeky smile and give me a kiss, she slides back down and starts a slow handjob and to my surprise start to give me a BBBJ she has a decent technique nice and slow and sensual.  She hops of the table and come and gives me a kiss on only on the lips but so passionate, i move down and suck her very responsive nipples and go for a feel of her very wet pussy. She slowly builds me up by giving me oral and then kissing and giving me a handjob and goes back and forth, all this time ive been touching her pussy.

After 15 mins i cant take no more and blow a massive load, im spent and take a few minutes to recover all the time Lily is still give a very slow handjob and kissing me still, in the shower and notice ive been way over my 45mins booking more like 70mins so defenitly not a clock watcher.

Afterwards played a game of chess  with her and enjoy a glass of wine not sure if this is on offer all the time maybe got her on a good day, she an easy girl to talk too although its hard to understand her accent sometimes. She here till November when her English Course finishes but would like to stay in the Byron longer.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 9th May 2019, 06:34 PM
Poster ID: The Steed
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Game of chess? Oui Oui. Checkmate


