Thread Title: Linda - Wollongong - 0478 838 068
Floor: #1
Post Time: 28th December 2013, 11:25 AM
Poster ID: mmmatt20
Post Title: 
 Linda - Wollongong - 0478 838 068
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Linda

Establishment : PML, 5mins from wollongong CBD

Date of Visit : Week before Christmas 2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Illawarra Mercury ad - "Asian Japanese Nurse, size 6, very attractive, full boddy massage $30 half hour" 0478 838068

Hours of Business : 12 until late, at least 10pm

Rates : not the $30 as advertised. Cost $60 for half hour

Age : 30's

Size/shape : size 8, small B-Cup breasts with small niplpes

Nationality or Ethnicity : Japanese

Services Provided : Massage, HJ, topless, Spanish, COB

Value for money/recommend? : yes to blow a load that isn't FS

My experience/comments : Gave the mobile a call at about 730 one night and was told to come straight over. It was a duplex and greeted by some huge grungy bloke who said the massage was around the back - nearly left then and there.

Met linda and was directed into a room where she gave me the price, she said body to body included. A large-ish room of a house with a massage table but no face hole and a bed where I assume she slept, ?FS available. Plenty of fresh towels which was a plus and kind of saved me from walking out.
She used baby powder for her massage which was different and much better than swimming in oil. The massage was pretty so-so, nothing spectacular but not complete rubbish. On the turnover she got most of her kit off, oil on my dick and got a good feel of her tits. Her English wasn't great and she didn't really know what body-to-body was. So I was pointing at my dick and then her tits and she finally seemed to understand. Then all of a sudden got me off the table, she layed down and offered me Spanish which I couldn't turn down. Now her breasts were pretty small and she had trouble keeping my guy in with her hand but with enough pumping I sot a load over her chest. She used her hands to make sure I did not go up her neck or onto her face. 
The session pretty much finished there and she went to shower. Was offered one myself by turned it down and got out of there.

Was good for a quick release bu not much more. Based on the goings on if you can communicate with her most things are probably on the table service-wise.

Admin - not sure if this should be here or in the Bronze Members Lounge, apologies if it is in the wrong place.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 28th December 2013, 12:08 PM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by mmmatt20


Person's Name : Linda
.
.
Admin - not sure if this should be here or in the Bronze Members Lounge, apologies if it is in the wrong place
"""



Thank you for your review mmmatt20. Good job.

The review is fine here (in the place where it belongs).

The Bronze forum may make it easier for new members since posts can simply be dumped there (the plan is to gradually relocate them to the main forum as members become Silver) and it's the only place for Therapeutic Massage Parlour reviews, but whatever you are comfortable with.

The habit of searching (Advanced Search > Search Thread Titles only > "0478 838 068") to decide if you can reply to thread or need to start a new one - if there are no reviews of the person, is something that can take a while to learn. 

You have done well to start a new thread when it's required.


