Thread Title: Little Red - Newcastle and North - Locanto
Floor: #1
Post Time: 20th November 2018, 10:38 AM
Poster ID: sagacious
Post Title: 
 Little Red - Newcastle and North - Locanto
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Little Red

Establishment : N/A - car meets and sometimes

Date of Visit : Various 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Locanto message only to begin with then later may provide number her locanto ID is Little red987
one of her ads - she usually has a few going - she has 51 reviews on locanto all about how great she sucks cock!
https://newcastle.locanto.com.au/ID_...e-tonight.html

Phone : - She will provide when comfortable with you

Hours of Business : various
Rates : $150 bbbj only - up around $500 for FS for 1-2 hours

Age : Mid 20's

Size/shape : small - short and pretty tiny little titties little ass

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : bbbj cim

Value for money/recommend? : 5/5

My experience/comments : I am a sucker for a good bbbj by girls who know what they are doing and this one sure does.  She isn't a glamour rather very girl next door.  She is exceedingly polite and well spoken.  I could not pick up on any substance abuse problems as can often be the case with Locanto randoms who don't provide phone numbers and only do car meets etc. 

She seems like a normal girl next door trying to earn a living.  I was wary at first as always with the locanto car meets but I was pleasantly surprised with her and have been back to see her a number of times.  She is almost always in the Newcastle area however does on the rare occasion travel to Sydney.  She is hard to catch you just have to look for when the ads are up or after she is comfortable with you she will give you a number and then you can text her or she will text you when she is visiting if you want.  She doesn't always reply and you just have to take what you can get as it seems she is pretty popular.

she absolutely loves sucking cock and she provides deeps sloppy fantastic sucking she loves being risky too and gets of at the though of people watching and gets soaked when she is sucking.  Also, given her tiny size tiny she can get herself into great positions in the car to ensure a good deep sucking.  She takes it all in the mouth and loves playing with cum in her mouth.  If you are after a nice no fuss bbbj (for what I think is a reasonable price given her skill level) she is your girl.

As always food tip for the post cum feed - Sticky Rice Thai Newcastle East - always hard to find good Thai out of Sydney but this is good - Ginger stir fry with chilli added!


