Thread Title: Lollipop - Penrith - 0426 838 220
Floor: #1
Post Time: 8th March 2020, 12:01 AM
Poster ID: chandlerp
Post Title: 
 Lollipop - Penrith - 0426 838 220
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : 'lollipop'

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : December 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://sydney.locanto.com.au/ID_426...BBJ-NATUR.html

Phone : 0426838220

Hours of Business : Varies

Rates : $200 half an hour

Age : Says 20 - I'd say somewhere closer to 25 maybe

Size/shape : average 

Nationality or Ethnicity : caucasian

Services Provided : FS, BBBJ

Value for money/recommend? : Decent

My experience/comments : Hi guys, 

Sorry for the delayed review for 'Lollipop', I went on holidays not too long after seeing her and only just saw her ad online again which jolted my memory. 

*Note when I saw her originally, her ad did not state the bareback FS option...

I messaged Lollipop one weekday evening and she was quick to respond to text and answered a few questions about what she did in her service, namely whether rough deepthroat/face f*cking was allowed and choking/slapping. She said it was fine so proceeded with the booking and off I went. 

She's on a side street in Penrith off one of the main roads, and the private townhouse she's in (which she shares with roommates who knows what she does... if they're home they're supposedly told to be in their rooms with headphones on) is only accessible by a security gate which Lollipop has to come out and open for you. 

She is a pleasant girl and a bit of chit chat as we're walking back to her place and up the stairs and into her room. 

Lights are off and she's got some very dim mood lighting on for the session (I believe this is because her skin around her stomach is very saggy - it seems as if she has lost a tremendous amount of weight previously) 

Had a quick shower (bugs flying around... not the cleanliest bathroom I've ever been in) and then join her on the bed for some DFK before standing beside the bed and watching her grab my member whilst she's kneeling on the bed and proceed to go down on me. 

It wasn't long before I grabbed her hair and gripped her tight and shoved myself as far down as I could go, and to my surprise she took it like an absolute champion. As the booking progressed I continued to see just how fast, deep and rough she could take it. 

And she can take it great. 

By far THE BEST face f*ck I have ever had. 

Her spit dripping and drooling out of her mouth and off my member throughout the whole session, watching it got me into such a mood I bent down and rubbed it all over her face every time she's stop for a breath of air. 

She let me know at one point to stop with the face rubbing which I obviously did, and she continued to self deep throat me without any of my own hands. 

It was absolutely fantastic. 

I only paid for a half hour session and for at least 15 of them she was on her knees with the sweet sounds of my member hitting the back of her throat and her gagging and gasping for breath. 

To finish I jerked myself off to get over the finish line while she was kneeling in front of me licking my balls the entire time, before I told her to stick out her tongue and blew my load inside her mouth and I was taken aback as she rammed herself down on me once more and the last few drops went straight down the back of her throat. 

Overall, the best face f*ck I've ever had and I think I'll go back when I'm in the need to get a rough f*ck out of my system. 

If you need the lights on the brightest she might not be for you. Or if you're a tits man she mightn't be for you either. 

But if you want an obedient girl on her knees in front of you and you can have your way with her mouth - she's definitely a great choice.


