Thread Title: Maeya - Newcastle - 0455 114 594
Floor: #1
Post Time: 3rd September 2016, 10:20 PM
Poster ID: Persepolis
Post Title: 
 Maeya - Newcastle - 0455 114 594
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Maeya

Establishment : Private. Hotel in Newcastle

Date of Visit : Friday 2 September 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0455114594  http://auescortreview.com/Newcastle-...e/0455-114-594

Hours of Business : Ring and Ask.

Rates : 100 Basic RnT 1/2 hour  $150 touching and other extras

Age : 26 

Size/shape : Curvy

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian/Hawaiian

Services Provided : RnT

Value for money/recommend? : No

My experience/comments : Trying out a new WL is always fraught with uncertainties. It always excites me when that door opens to a woman who I have only seen glimpses of various parts of her anatomy, usually breasts, backsides or blurred faces. That was the case with Maeya.
I saw her advert on Cracker and decided to make contact. She replied immediately to my text and I was soon knocking on the door of her inner-city hotel room. On entry I could see that she was the lady in the photos. Soft smooth body, sumptuous C cups, but not “busty” and a fairly pretty Asian face. 
After exchanging pleasantries I exchanged $150 for an erotic massage with touching and other extras.
The massage was fairly mediocre with a bit of deep tissue rubbing, breasts skimming over my back and the occasional wander down to my groin. When it was turn over time out came the KY gel. Now in my time I have had some earth shattering tugs. For me, nothing beats looking directly into the eyes of a gorgeous woman as she strokes and manipulates my manhood and then brings me to the edge of an all muscle, every tissue tensing  explosion where I have to catch my breath and lay there for minutes to recover, This was not one of those.
I think there should be a TAFE course or even training at one of those dodgy private colleges in Sydney to train WLs how to make a man cum with satisfaction. Maeya would benefit from such training. 
She grabbed hold and just went for it. Excuse me, my cock is not a garden hose! A bit of slow sensuous play and rubbing is a good place to start.
I find it rather disturbing when a lady starts to get the shits with me because 5 nano seconds have passed and I haven’t cum, and like it’s my fault?
I got her to play with my balls, change hand and slow down. Then, with some serious concentration I managed to ejaculate. She was up and about, ready for me to depart. As I dressed she focused on her phone and texts.
Twenty minutes after my arrival I was pushing the down button on the elevator.
Sometimes after a quality punt that might have cost me $100 or $500 I walk away in a dreamy state most satisfied, saying to myself, “That was worth every cent.” Not tonight. Maeya is nice enough but it was a tick-the-box get him to blow and on his way affair. I am sure that if her business model was reliant on returning customers she would be stony broke.
Oh yes the $150 “other extras” deal did get me the opportunity to suck on those sweet C Cups.
So, no I wont be returning to see Maeya and I wouldn’t be recommending her to any of my compatriots in XXX Aussie Review world.
She told me that she was from Sydney and she worked there. I found postings from around Australia, especially Tasmania.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 1st October 2016, 01:45 PM
Poster ID: GoatyMcBleat
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Great to know, I was considering seeing her


