Thread Title: Malena - Goulburn - 0401 833 282
Floor: #1
Post Time: 11th September 2013, 10:16 PM
Poster ID: antares01
Post Title: 
 Malena - Goulburn - 0401 833 282
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Malena

Establishment : Solo operator

Date of Visit : 11 September 2013

Contact Details: Advertisment from Goulburn Post newspaper:

"AMAZING TOUCH, hot, sexy, busty, Thai massage. In/Out calls.
 0401-833-282."

Hours of Business : Not Known

Rates : RnT (+CBJ) $80/half hour  FS 110/half hour

Age : Late 30s I reckon

Size/shape : Cuddly 12-14 D cup

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : RnT, CBJ, FS offered

Value for money/recommend? : Possibly

My experience/comments : Happened to be in Goulburn for the day and having a look in the local rag noticed this one, thought I might as well TOFTT  .  Phoned number and had no problems making a booking, Malena had good English skills.  I booked a half hour massage session and over the phone Malena had  told me this included BJ and HR so no question re outcome or tips.   Malena had also offered 1/2 hr FS for $110

Malena works out of the Astor Hotel in the main street of Goulburn (93 Auburn St).  Plenty of anonymous parking in the main street and front and side entrances into the motel area.  Malena got me to phone on arrival to give me the room number.  Knock on the door and you get let straight into a typical country town motel unit, 2 beds (single and double) with usual ensuite last renovated about 20 years ago.  

Melana has a pleasant personality.  She has a cuddly body with plenty of curves and reasonably well proportioned, long dark hair and fully shaved.  Off with my clothes, onto the double bed and Malena gets straight into an oil massage, fairly quick and rough, certainly not sensual and no reach through TT.  After about 10 min, she asks me to roll over and gives me a 5 min oil massage on the front then produces a condom and commences a reasonable CBJ for another 5 min or so then condom off, lots of baby oil applied and commences and fast and rough HJ  .  I let this go for a bit, however,  out of concern for a certain part of my anatomy, I eventually had to offer counsel as to prefered techniques for achieving the mutually desired outcome .  Malena was most receptive to my suggestions, and was very keen to get her technique just right for me. In the end she had it just right - bliss  .  Very cramped shower with minature 20 year old soap that doesn't lather and hence doesn't wash the oil off.  Suggest you bring soap with you.

If I visit her again, I will be right upfront in suggesting a much lighter and slower massage with no oil - except for the rub and explicit instructions re rub teqhnique.  And I will bring my own soap.

During the massage I asked Malena about the motel cleaning staff (they were servicing the room immediately above us), she told me she is a regular there and the cleaning staff know not to service her room other than to replace the towels she leaves outside the front door.  Malena travels from Sydney and is in the Astor about 1 week per month.

In summary, a bit of a time warp having a quicky in a 2-3 star country town hotel/motel - takes me back too many years to count.  I reckon with familiarity, Malena might be quite a GFE type.  VFM?  I wouldn't mind visiting again.


