Thread Title: Malu - Haymarket  - 0435 750 987
Floor: #1
Post Time: 4th October 2019, 12:13 AM
Poster ID: Davidw2
Post Title: 
 Malu - Haymarket  - 0435 750 987
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Malu

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : October 

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://crackerbee.com.au/adult-entertainment/massage/nuru-gel-sukebe-chair-milking-table-ampndash-27/ID_360153.html  This is old link with details. She only advertises when she is in town 

Phone : 0435 750 987 (same number whichever city she is in)

Hours of Business : varies

Rates : 60mins $250 (depends what you want)

Age : late 20's

Size/shape : Tall, 14+ DD natural boobs, cuddly - great for massage, trimmed not shaved

Nationality or Ethnicity : Japanese

Services Provided : Nuru massage, B2B, prostate / anal massage, rimming, tea bagging, HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : Malu really knows what she is doing. Lives in Perth, travels to Brisbane for 1 week in 5 and other cities infrequently. Leaves here at weekend to return to Perth. Easy to arrange to see - speaks and texts good English. is a big girl - tall and cuddly and pretty. has DD boobs. Does not provide FS but everything else is negotiable (most included in $250). Had great shared shower to start - she makes sure you are really clean - which is fun if you enjoy a bit of anal penetration. then onto the chair - not uncomfortable but with plenty of access. She started with some Nuru gel around my cock and anus which created some interest and her technique builds excitement and then moves to more general body massage and then back again - repeated many times slowly - front and back, kisses and nibbles and then gets underneath for what would be my best rimming experience - lots of deep tongue in anus and everywhere else, takes both balls in together and sucks etc - it would be easy to come quickly if you didn't control the sensations.
She lets you know about breathing and tantric tricks to stop orgasming too soon if you are not used to it. It was a really great experience riding the waves. Then off to the blow up mattress and lots of Nuru gel (if you choose less than 60 mins you will not get the full experience). Her B2B is good - great boobs and her trimmed pussy feels great rubbing all over you. She is experienced and confident and checks in to make sure you are getting what you want. By turnover time it was pretty clear what I wanted and she started some prostate massage with her fingers (she will use toys if you prefer) and great hand job to get the required explosion. After a rest into the shower for shared clean up.
Malu is very perceptive, has being doing this for a few years, has regular clients - she will text where she is but doesn't advertise until she is in town but regular clients who know when she is hereRecommendation - I would go back and see Malu when she is next in Sydney - Perth is too far!!! She leaves for Perth at the weekend but worth catching next time she is here. For me better than some of our other proper Nuru providers


