Thread Title: Mandy - Newcastle - 0401 833 750
Floor: #1
Post Time: 23rd October 2019, 11:14 PM
Poster ID: deepthroat
Post Title: 
 Mandy - Newcastle - 0401 833 750
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Mandy

Establishment : 
 Private house Hamilton suburb of Newcastle
Date of Visit : 
 19 Oct 19
Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 

0401 833 750

Hours of Business : 
 usual daytime and early evening by appointment 
Rates : 
 80 hr
Age : 
 late 20's
Size/shape : 
 very petitie
Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : really good massage 

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : ive seems Mandy half a dozen times over the last few years whenever in the area. She has a really clean well decorated house and will meet you at the door and walk you through the house and upstairs to a master en-suite room with large table. A shower is offered prior, I usually take the option. What follows is an exquisite massage totally professional yet somehow hinting at so much more. It's not on offer... she has long strong strokes and will often pop onto the table during her routine... on the turn over the front is massages including the chest and I really like this touch. At the final stage out of nowhere she will suggest a HJ for N extra $20. I usually act thankful and take this, a generous helping of oil a slow and deliberate HJ that build until the inevitable, no touching except maybe a hand placed on her arse is all I've ever done. She doesn't encourage anything more and is obvious about this. Bottle of water some small talk a second shower and the reverse walk to depart. Happy relaxed fella.

Enjoy a good experience if you go.

DT
(Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)


Floor: #2
Post Time: 15th November 2019, 06:33 PM
Poster ID: Driven2Punt
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Quick question deepthroat,
How are you during the massage?
By that I mean are you naked and under a towel for your private parts, or in undies or whatever?
This detail will be enough to tempt me down there and post a post punt review to add to the Mandy files!
Thanks in advance if you update this deepthroat.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 16th November 2019, 02:41 PM
Poster ID: deepthroat
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I get completely naked.... she puts a towel on your back for that initial pressing stretching thing girls do... then it comes off.... the tug at the end is a our add on to a great massage IMHO .. enjoy if you go


Floor: #4
Post Time: 25th January 2020, 10:44 AM
Poster ID: Driven2Punt
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Mandy

Establishment : Private Townhouse at Hamilton Newcastle 

Date of Visit : 19/12/2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 

Phone :0401833750

Hours of Business : I didn’t ask, just made a time I asked for.

Rates : $80=1 hour massage+$20 for hj finish 

Age : 40?..

Size/shape : 5 foot tall, slim and long hair

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : massage + hj

Value for money/recommend? : Value and service good but no sensuality so won’t return.

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)
Haven’t posted till now due to being busy and forgetting but it’s still relevant so read on..
I phoned the day before and booked for midday the next day. Was sent a text of the address 2 hours before booking.
Upon arrival I was impressed with the clean tidy place and her straight to business attitude.
Straight upstairs to a huge master bedroom, no bed, only a massage table and a table with towels, oils and water bottles.
Mandy took the $80 and went to the en-suite to start the shower for me. Nice and hot and lush towel.
I then lay on the table and she precisely covers me from neck to ankles in a new towel. The massage involves her peeling back a section of towel and her massage that area before covering me back up and doing another area. Total silence and no tease. I try some chitchat but am not feeling any vibe or interest. She is clothed in black sports tights and black tight top. No skin or sexual allure on show. 
Her massage is great and she puts her whole body into it but no tease or show for me.
On the flip she does legs and chest and forehead. Then she offered a $20 groin massage which was a slow ball massage then a solid mechanical hj that could have been done by a robot.
Swift cleanup then a shower then I am gone.
Total punt was 1 hr 15 minutes...
So a qualified good massage but way too organised and mechanical for me. Being organised is great but it was almost OCD on reflection.
Nice lady that has her own way to do her thing but no draw for me to return.
I need more tease and temptation to draw me back to any place again.


