Thread Title: Marlina - Queanbeyan - wechat wxid_g8j04e2ldpxe11
Floor: #1
Post Time: 4th November 2018, 03:41 PM
Poster ID: Crofter
Post Title: 
 Marlina - Queanbeyan - wechat wxid_g8j04e2ldpxe11
				
Post Content: 
Default Marlina , PML for Blueballs in Queanbeyan /0403 194 225
Person's Name: Marlina

Establishment: Private House  in Queanbeyan
Date of Visit: 4/11/18

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: 
wechat ID 
wxid_g8j04e2ldpxe11

Hours : not certain 

Rates: $50/90 mins 
Age : 49 plus -
Size/shape: 155cm , was a sz8 , Acup now Med build 
Nationality or Ethnicity: Chinese 
Services Provided : Massage and lots to eat and drink extras??? Maybe but not today , maybe not tomorrow.

Value for money/WIR: Hmmm was an experience . Massage ok . Sweet lady . 

Go back ? Only if she offered BBBJ , which wasn't it isn't available . So no.

I'll start by saying Marlina is a lovely woman , who may be a professional masseur or wants to be and may or may not provide additional services... but it reminded me of Winnie blue balls in Chatswood.

So I post knowing that she is looking for work, But I think hasn't got herself organised., yet. 

Be kind gents and respect her limits, as I think she is looking for companionship.  . Massage to me and today seemed secondary .

So you are forewarned.

So gents , I've been on a bit of a road trip bender and enjoying all that comes with long journey car travel. Though it's moments now I wish I had my CD/tape stack as I still got a bunch of mixes tailored for the long drive and yeh I know I can Spotify it... but just ain't the same 

Me and the 50th birthday posse wake after a stint in the brothels of Canberra,  and I've been sanctioned to provide further witness to some of my dearest friends cavorting . As we did punt on until closing and. Slightly beyond,  there is more to share . 

Anyways as we were shagged in all senses of the word and our sober  captain, for the entourage MIA , we cab it to the Crest Motel and bunk down, on waking we get our shit together and I check the phone.

I've lately been trialling  various  apps ( tan tan , we chat tinder ... etc) for a few months and it mostly  yields spacey chatty spammy clammy fetid and weird . That said I'm in at least 14 serious chats including  dialogue with a cute masters student, a recent accidental punt a couple of other known ML's and a few others  mostly civilians and some  whom I'm sure are in Uzbekistan 

Some of my lack or strike success could be as I'm a half assed player and my delight in the absurd gets the better and the chat ... and the girl like a cloud ... drifts away 😅

This morning Marlina is sending messages. And she's really Local and appears to be none of the aforementioned list. Couple of pics show a later 40's or older Chinese women with a cutish smile and face. 

 Few texts back n forth and I temporarly take my leave and go over to see Marlina. By this stage im realising Marlina May or may not be up for something , but she's hyper chatty by text and audio messages.. hmm

Get to her place or, friends place in some
Dodgy area or Queanbeyan - Karabar?

Let in and she remarks im tall and strong , well Marlina is not tall, not made up and a little bit of a belly . But she has a great smile. And lights her face.

I'll move quickly.

I'm Offered vast amounts of food tea no coffee wine made a BLT without bacon decline further gifts and she's incessantly talking about ex partners and escaping and PR and a son in silicon valley and. And and 

I say Gotta go soon marlina, and then she says your neck looks sore I do massage . Ok sure ok you do massage , then starts on chair shirt off , she looks and smiles and starts . Light but ok 

Then she leads the chat to the bedroom . I'm thinking great going to get an amateur HJ or BJ and an ok massage ... 


I'm naked on bed , there's  a cat I hate) trying also for space ... Fuk off... massage starts it's ok , but I'm doused in some fiery substances and she proceeds to rub me down with hands and equipment for the better part of 90mins.

It's clear I've got a hard on and there is only a few incidental accidental touches.. it's all a bit hospital ward so far . 

I flip and she washes hands ,, cock is waving in the air as I'm lying  back and she does my neck and shoulders , arms.

A Bit of light thigh and stomach .. here we go .. I'm asked to sit up on the bed edge .. here we go ... marlina is standing inside my
Thighs ... come on... then she goes out for a moment, not before looking at my cock and smiling . 

Then nothing . I look st her on return and say Marlina, can you help me cum? I say it twice I'm given her bright smile a pause  and she says , no hmm no . I say sure? She says hmmmm no 

Ok

She walks out  chatting away and what's a guy to do , so for the first time in a session, I do the  finishing, and it's comfortable comforting and I'm loving all the mis en scene . It's clean the house the bed etc  , but stacked  high of all her personal belongings as she only had been resident for less than 4 weeks. 

I can hear Marlina still asking me Q's from the kitchen and I've got my hard on in hand, slightly burning due to the unguents she applied  and I'm going for the finish line , it's my belated  grand final hurrah. 

Cum in hand worth two in the bush . Marlina enters right on time hands me warm water . Gives me more chat about next time and we go to holiday and play ping pong etc ..

I wash up I leave her $50 . She's thankful

/


Floor: #2
Post Time: 4th November 2018, 07:12 PM
Poster ID: Crofter
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
POST SCRIPT: - Marlina  is unlikely to offer any sexual services 

Marlina post massage, sent me a lot texts,  and info including diagnosing a few back nerve  related  issues I know about .

It seems she has had lengthy careers in some capacity in Chinese medicine and work in a pharmacy - chemist?

So she has got good medical to go with her massage.

Said she will get my Chi flowing .

And that  is not a dbl entendre on her part.

So if you contact,  it's a genuine woman with good medicine and massage skills .

And unlikely unless you are also seeking companionship going to get any sexual service 

Cheers


