Thread Title: Mary - Sydney (CBD) - 0411 866 355
Floor: #1
Post Time: 30th January 2014, 06:31 PM
Poster ID: milkyjoe
Post Title: 
 Mary - Sydney (CBD) - 0411 866 355
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Mary

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 30/1/2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0411866355,  Mary from Belgium 

Hours of Business : Not sure. I saw her at 2.30pm.

Rates : 120 30mins 

Age : 21 or 22

Size/shape : Perfect body, slim, fit. Photots are real on site and she also has a few locanto ads and cracker ads floating around

Nationality or Ethnicity : Caucasian, From Belgium

Services Provided : Massage, HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yer. id price what i recieved at 100 but her damn good looks are worth the extra 20 to make it 120.

My experience/comments :

I headed into the city and after not punting since around new years I was ready to try something new and the photos looked real and amazing so for the price I decided to book in. She sounded very nice on the phone and it was easy to make the appointment. She was staying in a nice apartment block near the QVB.

I went up the room and was greated by a stunningly beautiful young girl. I introduced myself and she seemed abit quiet. I stripped and lay down and began abit of small talk about her travels and etc. Her english was good but not perfect but she was intelligent and friendly. She stripped down to only her knickers and said it was that time of the month. I believed her but not in all cases would I, But she was nice. The massage was average. It was just a little rub with some oil, she did a few finger movements etc but nothing special. But i find most massages are pretty average unless you get a girl with some real experience who does the body slides and reverse body slides etc but there was none of that. Just a slight rub of the back, shoulders and legs and she started a bit of the bum and tickle tackle near the end before i rolled over. 

Once i was rolled over I was happy to see her beauty and she started in with the HJ straight away. Atlest she could give a HJ not that its hard, you can be suprised how shit some girls are at it. So she had good rhythm and teasing and working up the pace slowly to make sure i didnt blow straight away, when i told her to slow she did and I was rubbing her bum and boobs with a little bit of nipple sucking. Then I blew a huge load and pretty much covered my entire body even getting my nose and face. I was like shit I got my face and she replied 'thats alright' and i said 'yeh for you its not your face' and we had a giggle. I had a quick shower got dressed and was on my way.

Overall, Nice girl. I think she is new to massage and this work. She is friendly and gorgeous and for 120 not to bad. I have paid 120 or 150 for 30 min massages that are wayyyyy better with all the body slides and actual massage but i have had way worse tooo. And im not a huge fan of asian even though i do get massage from asian shops sometimes and they are usually cheaper, I just connect better with caucasian girls.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 30th January 2014, 06:37 PM
Poster ID: milkyjoe
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Someone is more than welcome to find her locanto ad and i think she has a cracker one and post it here, I really just cant be bothered and am in abit of a rush.


