Thread Title: Mary - Sydney Mobile Massage - 0449 890 950
Floor: #1
Post Time: 14th March 2020, 03:12 PM
Poster ID: yampy
Post Title: 
 Mary - Sydney Mobile Massage - 0449 890 950
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Mary

Establishment :. Mobile Massage

Date of Visit : Late Feb 2020

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :.  0449 890950 - https://www.gumtree.com.au/s-ad/sydn...-70/1243333548

Hours of Business : 10am - 9pm (according to the ad but maybe different)

Rates : $70 for 60mins

Age : 30's

Size/shape : Short, slim, blonde, looks like a c cup

Nationality or Ethnicity : Brazilian

Services Provided : Relaxing Massage and HJ (+50)

Value for money/recommend? : Yes but HJ is a bit over priced 

My experience/comments :.

I really needed a massage and I was too tired to jump in the car and drive to Chatswood, so I had a flick through gumtree to see if there were any new mobile massage ads.  Mary's ad caught my eye (it was actually a different ad that is now showing expired) and the wording gave me a feeling that something more may be on offer.

I fired off an SMS and got a prompt reply from Mary saying she covered my area and we agreed a time for 7:30pm.  Quick shower and polish of the jewels just before she arrived and she was at my door a couple of minutes early.  A very pleasant girl, nice figure, cute face, blonde curly bob hair, dressed in black leggings, a black vest and a loose white blouse.  For home visit massages I usually answer the door in just a dressing gown so it's quick to whip off and there's no oh leave your underwear on moments.

Mary does not bring a table and I'd cleared my duvet off and put on a fresh sheet.  I showed mary to my bedroom and she went off to use the bathroom.  As soon as she returned I removed my dressing gown so I was stood naked.  She asked me for a towel to put on the bed, positioned it and asked me to lie down.

The massage itself was very very relaxing with long deep strokes, it wasn't a remedial massage but it did feel great.  There were a few soft touches on my ass as she was stroking down my back that gave positive thoughts.  Once massaging my legs she really got into the groin area and too many knocks to be accidental.  Eventually she asked if I wanted extras, I lifted and turned to ask her to repeat, she asked if I wanted a hand job.  I inquired how much and she said $50, I was half expecting this much as this is what some home visit masseuses charge, so I'd put $20 with my payment and stashed $30 in the other room.  I lifted out the payment and said I only have $20.  Her response was $20 is too low I can't do it for that.  So I lay back down and she continued to massage, I expected her to start the HJ anyway but she didn't.  

A few mins later and it was turn over time.  As she hadn't taken the bait, when I turned over I said let me go and see if I can find and spare cash in my work bag.  I went in the other room and reappeared with the extra $30.  While I was out of the room Mary had removed her blouse, and was now in just black leggings and a tight black vest that was low cut to show a good cleavage.  I lay on my back and Mary oiled up my cock...  She kept telling me it was very nice and she liked it, I asked her to remove her vest but she said no, I asked her to just get her tits out and she declined again, I asked if I could touch her breasts and she turned me down.  probably a good thing as her HJ was pretty good and I just got to lay back and watch her play.  Her next actions blew me away, first she straddled my leg and started rubbing herself off on my shin while pumping my cock in two hands, then she leaned over to get more oil but instead of applying it to my cock her hand went straight down the front of her leggings and she what smashing away at her clit with 1 hand while slamming my cock with the other.  This took me to the point of no return and I creamed her hand.

I chatted to her afterwards and explained that I was going to go for a Chinese massage in Chatswood but was too tired to drive.  She asked if they gave hand jobs, I said yes for $20 and the massage is $65 which is why I only had $90 in my wallet.  I think this made her realise she may be missing out on massage income.  She said next time she will give me a better price for extras...  I'll be offering $20 for HJ or $50 for nude and she what she says 

She also mentioned more than once that she doesn't offer HJ to everyone so YMMV, however I'm sure when she smells the money she will be milking you with no more questions asked.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 17th March 2020, 12:20 AM
Poster ID: paunchy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I have had a home massage from this lady, very similar to the one described by yampy.  Like him, I had seen her ad on Gumtree, and got in touch with her by messaging. There was a bit of to and fro via message, and the question of extras was discussed by that means.  She quoted me a price of $90 to come in the evening to my home on the Upper North Shore, but then in an immediate follow-up message on her own initiative wrote that the massage did not include the penis.  I replied that that was a pity, and she came back with the reassurance that if I wanted it, it could be included for an extra $50, so the total cost would be $140.

Another issue covered in our exchange of massages was how she would get to my place, since she does not have a car and currently lives in Dee Why.  We agreed that she would come by train and I would go to the station to pick her up. That is what I did, and was quite pleased to find a very pleasant-looking young woman.  On the drive back to my place she told me a bit about herself; she lives in Brasilia, and had been in Australia for a year already, mostly on the Gold Coast.  He being from Brasilia gave us something in common, since I had lived in Canberra for forty years, and she knew that it was a planned city just like her own.

The massage proceeded in much the same way as described by Yampy, on my bed with the light off.  She performed it clothed, and I  did not ask her to undress, as she seemed a very nice lady and I did not want to importune her; furthermore, she has a rather solid build, and I did not think her being nude would add much to the experience.  She did not touch herself during the massage, but I was not really looking, just lying back enjoying the experience.

By the time the massage ended it was getting close to 9:00 PM. so I offered to drive her back to Dee Why, since at that time of night the public transport connections are not particularly good.  She was not all that keen for me to do so, possibly because she did not want me to see where she lived, so we compromised on the basis that I would drive her to Chatswood where she could catch a bus directly to dee Why.  As I was driving her, we were having a bit of a chat about this and that, when suddenly out of the blue she blurted out "You have a really big dick. Did your ex-wife like it?"  Now, we are used to massage ladies saying that sort of thing during the massage, and we all known that it is part of the operation, a massage of the male ego to accompany the massage of the male body.  But this was after the massage, and entirely out of the blue, so I was left wondering whether she actually meant it, since it is not something I actually think about myself.  She also asked my age (almost 73), and commented that I was in good shape for my age.  I guess my weight-loss program that I pursued all last year ( and which has made my user name less accurate than it formerly was) has finally paid off.

Anyway, we arrived at Chatswood station, and we spent a few minutes looking for the right bus platform.  We parted on good terms, and I had the feeling that she rather liked me; perhaps she prefers older gentlemen such as myself who will not try to push her boundaries.  In any event, I received a text from her a few days later asking if I wanted another massage; I declined, since I do not want to overtax my body by having too many massages in a short period, but I would not mind seeing her again some time.

As I was driving her to Chatswood, she commented that she was thinking of moving to Petersham. I told her that would be a good idea, as she would be close to a railway station, which would make it much easier for her to get to clients; the Northern beaches are too inconvenient without a car.

As another comment, it seemed to me that her spoken English is a but limited, as she often did not immediately understand what I was saying to her, and I would have to repeat myself. Also, she sometimes had a bit of difficulty in finding the words to express what she wanted to say, and I had to help her.  She does prefer to communicate by text rather than to speak on the phone, since her written English is quite fluent.

In summary, I can recommend Mary, or Maria as she calls herself.  She is a very nice young lady, not at all tarty, but also quite at ease sexually.  I had an enjoyable experience, and she is also nice to talk to.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 18th March 2020, 08:45 AM
Poster ID: paunchy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I would like to make one comment about Yampy's review of Maria's service, in which he complains about her extra charge of $50 for a clothed handjob, which he says is far above the market price.

What he has failed to take into account is that Maria's base price of $70 for a 60-minute outcall massage is well BELOW the market price for that service.  Even the most cursory perusal of advertisements for in-home massage, for example those advertised on Gumtree, shows that the minimum asking price for an in-home straight massage is $100, and the price goes up from there depending on the distance the masseuse has to travel.

As an example, I once contacted the lady who advertises "mobile Gypsy massage" on Gumtree to enquire about the cost of her to come to my home on the Upper North Shore for a 60-minute massage, and she quoted me $120, which judging by her advertisement would be for a strictly non-sexual massage.  On that basis, the $140 I paid to Maria for her service represented in real terms only an extra $20 for the clothed handjob she gave me, which is the market price.

Judging from the account given in Yampy's review, he paid Maria $70 for the 60-minute massage, plus $50 for the clothed handjob, for a total of $120.  Given that the going rate for an in-home 60-minute straight massage is $100, in real terms he also paid only the going rate of $20 for the clothed handjob he received, which by his description was rather raunchy.  Accordingly, I think he should reconsider his intention to try to beat down her price, since what he paid was in my opinion a reasonable for the service he received, given that, as he said, he was able to avoid the inconvenience of having to travel to a massage parlour.


