Thread Title: Mel - Claremont Meadows - 0403 710 564
Floor: #1
Post Time: 1st February 2019, 03:17 PM
Poster ID: sleazyryder
Post Title: 
 Mel - Claremont Meadows - 0403 710 564
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Mel

Establishment : PML Claremont Meadows Near Penriff (Sydney's West)

Date of Visit : January 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.gumtree.com.au/s-seller/Mel/67836127/date/1

Phone :Ad no longer up but you really don't want or need the number...

Hours of Business : After business hours

Rates : $100/ hr /he.

Age : 30

Size/shape : 16 big girl

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : Massage

Value for money/recommend? : Nup No No way never if you don't believe me then go for it.

My experience/comments: 

Mel who knows if that is her name posted an ad on Gumtree. Appeared interesting enough for me to use both burners to explore the possibilities.

It's called the reduction method. Works if you really want to see a worker but they are unresponsive or think they are smart enough to work out where you are coming from. Playing both ends to the middle.
It can be an exercise in viewing or an exercise in doing.

I figured out she was full of shite. Decided to TOFTT as good ml's are hard to find. When you do find an ml who is accommodating then you treat them well. Especially if they are any good at massage.

So after changing the time she appeared to be very busy. But I knew otherwise. I didn't have to cancel either. Being told she is busy and will see if she can accommodate me knowing I am my own competition for a timeslot.
Now genuine PML's or indeed PWL's need to know this won't happen to you if you don't play games. Mel was a game player from the start. A few weeks back. I did front up and she got way more than she earnt.

Arrived on time. Pressed the bell. No sound. Clearly no clue. Had to message her out the front dear. FMD.

Not a great start. Now I had only negotiated a one hour massage which was $100 up from $80 per hour because we were after hours WTF? Logic of my penis. This gal operates thinking guys are clueless.

I had tried to increase the time to an hour and a half to see what would happen.

After the dueling phones I got the hour booking. Figured it was best to go for the hour and I had $50 for the extra offer plus an additional $50 for the other half hour. So in TOFTT I figured  whatever I was willing to spend I was willing to lose.

Now was asked to strip down to my undies and she asked for the cash up front. 
Not a trusting soul. But likely she was just working an angle.

Being two steps ahead and having played the game for some time I thought this one needs to be pushed.

Knowing that I wasn't going to leave the undies on I got commando and used the towel to cover up. Said ready ...she entered the room and started a decent massage. I figured it might be almost worth it $100 that is for a decent massage. There are plenty who charge the same and can't massage for shite and turn you off anything but getting into a shower to wash that touch right out of your head.

Now she wouldn't STFU and I am having déjà vu thinking about my recent encounter with Mrs Home Bush.

The subjects that we had under discussion made me realise she was a narcissist and clueless about the truth.

She claimed to have relocated from Newcastle and said she ran a salon up in Carrington that employed two girls along with herself. Absolute BS. She brought up the subject of happy endings. Not me for a refreshing change. But then went on to bullshit she had never given one or done one.
Thinking perhaps she thinks I am gullible. WTF?
I almost fell off the table laughing. She asked what I found so amusing and I to,d her it was something someone had said to me which I found really funny. Of course she failed to connect the two events.

She is a saleswoman. She needs the money. I figured she would likely be up for almost anything if the right money was on offer.
However the right money in her eyes would clearly be unrealistic.

She told me some BS about being diagnosed with 'C' and told me a load of shite about that and her hubby who then turned into her partner and then turned into her separated ex. She knows how to embellish and bullshit. She failed to understand that I was there for relaxation and rest not to be her therapist.

So I requested the massage into the insertions. Most legit therapists have no problem with doing a certain amount of work in that part of the male anatomy however draw the line clearly with any work that intentionally causes arousal.

She dudded me on time as I knew she would but 5 minutes to 10 minutes is acceptable under the circumstances. 
From the duelling burners I figured out she was planning on a 15 minute gap between appointments.

Pity I would be her only client for the evening.

She stated she had a child in the house to excuse her from the room.
Not a professional in any sense or manner.

Not certain that was the case but she later told me a fucking huge whopper about her supposed child on the way out. 
Confirmed she was a Narcissistic Bullshitter to be avoided at all costs.

Now the rest is fairly mundane. She kept mentioning happy endings.

I requested she remove the towel. She had no problem with that.

She had little issue with most requests. 

She asked me to turn over. It was a little earlier than I wanted so I drilled her to deal with various areas before I acquiesced to turning over.
She placed the towel over my fun area but not before making a comment (an inappropriate one)
Now she kept bringing up the subject of her various girlfriends who worked and charged shitloads of cash for doing "sexy" massage.

Having seen this show several times before I decided to play along. I said well if you don't know how to do one you can always practice on me. She then laughed knowingly.
She noticed a rousing in the towel.
I thought well I know what she wants 'cash' and there is only one way she will earn it. She claimed she had never done a happy ending and I said sounds like a load of ... and she then said well to my partner I laughed.

She asked me how much I had so I lied and said $100 is all I had and she then said let me think about it, As if it was my idea...FMD these gals are none too bright. At least this one thought she was and thought she was manipulating me. 
Other way around. I figured I was here and had knocked one back earlier in the day so was cashed up by saving the c note so agreed it would be $100 for the handy.

Now before you criticise me for paying that. Just reflect upon the fact this was a fact finding mission and to determine for certain if this gal was as FOS as I thought she was then I would need to spend to find out.

$100 up front WTF okay well in for a penny in for £50.

So had to get up give her the cash and back onto the table. Utter BS as it should have been apparent to her but I figure she is thick as when it comes to this desperation by her.

In any other circumstance I would have said no and then left.

She swore me to secrecy (another BS act) so you guys cannot tell a soul! Okay? 

Promise me now you won't tell a soul... well not at least until after you read this.

So a character she is. A massage therapist barely. She is desperate for money. But you would need a good therapist to recover and a good Bank Manager cause this girl will rip you off if you fall into the trap.

Narcissistic tendencies are my forte. Curbing those are almost impossible because life is all about them.

And to a certain individual who might have suggested the author falls into the characteristics of that class well a lack of insight into one's character is a leading diagnostic tool for determination in diagnostic values.

There is a threshold required to meet the diagnosis of the disorder. Some subjective most objective.

This lass falls into the class of Narcissistic indicators enough for the diagnosis.

Now the Nations Capital is full of these types however I know not one who works charging OTT for massage and tug.

So avoid this lass. The account for Gumtree is on the thread. If she manages to get it back up (the ad) then you know to avoid.

I felt it best to place this in silver forum as putting it into the general forum might be doing the wrong thing by the subject of the review.

Her massage table is setup in a room with a double bed. Uncertain what is on offer aside from massage however she is desperate for cash but you would need to be desperate and drive past many prettier better bodied and much smarter gals to get to her to be ripped off.

Now don't get me wrong I TOFTT knowing she will get desperate if she doesn't get money for something other than rent.

She has a pretty face and more than a handful of boobs but massage is okay and reasonable but not worth $100 an hour and the tug whilst adequate is learned and better than a novice so I would say nowhere near a novice in those terms. But not worth more than $20 or $30. Tip.

She is a big girl with big ideas and a fantasy mindful of BS and impossible stories.

She claimed in one to be a massage therapist for the Newcastle Knights graded teams including first grade until one decided to not get off the table without a happy ending. Lol 

Some mothers do have them.

So if you realise you are on this girls table after paying just shut up and make an excuse and try and get your money back but best of luck. Enjoy the massage but don't go anywhere else with that. Best save cash and visit a decent shop.


SR.


