Thread Title: Melanie Anne Louise Ward mobile massage Liverpool area
Floor: #1
Post Time: 1st July 2018, 03:05 AM
Poster ID: sleazyryder
Post Title: 
 Melanie Anne Louise Ward mobile massage Liverpool area
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Melanie

Establishment : PML

Date of Visit : Jun 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.gumtree.com.au/s-ad/live...age/1187737510

Hours of Business : 10 am to 10 pm

Rates : $100/ hr

Age : 41

Size/shape : 12 D cups under jumper

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : Massage and HJ

Value for money/recommend? : No and No

My experience/comments : 

Spotted the ad on Gumtree. Made appointment and rocked up to her unit at designated time.

Melanie is a pleasant enough lass but out of her depth when it comes to mere male expectations.

Naive to a point. Failed to realise the implications of placing the words Tantric in her ad. 
I must say she probably won't last long in this game as the realisation that women rarely treat themselves to a massage and most of us fellas like a tweak toward the end 

Now I will keep this short and to the point. Her massage is very mundane. Far from worth the money asked. She has a painful condition which prevents her from enjoying her work.

So the pressure was not the best nor was her technique.
Anyone thinking about seeing her should think instead about smoking their cash or buying a decent slab or bottle of red.
I wish I had.

Redeeming features are she is a single mum to an adult male. Was very wary as I saw her at hers. Don't think she was too keen on using her digs. The adult male child was sent out to allow her to work on me. I wasn't worried about being disturbed until she told me he was.

The less said the better. So her mob number was on an ad which has been removed before I was able to post this review. Accordingly I won't post it.

Massage was nowhere near up to even a basic standard so I will not be returning to see her again. The tug was very poor and didn't get me over the line.
As I have said she is a nice enough person just not cut out for this game.

WIR only if she offers me a decent bottle of red or a slab to go. And a free massage.

She is a victim and knows how to play that card.
Pity because her body has all the right curves but not going there.

 Total damage $120 small tip for tug. Waste of an hour plus travel not to mention money.



Sleazy.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 2nd July 2018, 04:51 PM
Poster ID: milfaddict
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I have also seen Melanie. Unfortunately I did not get the HJ, and she was speaking about a boyfriend when I was there, so maybe her situation has changed. I actually didn't mind her massage, it was quite good for what I wanted, maybe YMMV? I also did not straight out ask for the HJ or offer to pay extra, however she did stroke my balls with her fingers and offer to let me finish myself off while she left at the end.

I definitely think I saw her after sleazy as she mentioned she had to take tantric out of her massage ad.


