Thread Title: Mia,Lomi Lomi Massage - Redfern - 0425 353 232 New number = 0455 167 444
Floor: #1
Post Time: 14th November 2015, 03:02 PM
Poster ID: FrankieLee
Post Title: 
 Mia,Lomi Lomi Massage - Redfern - 0425 353 232 New number = 0455 167 444
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Mia

Establishment : Private Unit

Date of Visit : Last visit October 2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0425 353 232 Ka Huna and Lomi Lomi Massage Therapist - Sydney therapeutic massage - cracker.com.au

Hours of Business : Most days - I usually see her in the evening 6 or 7pm

Rates : $200 for 2 hours

Age : late 40's

Size/shape : Size 12. See ad

Nationality or Ethnicity : Caucasian

Services Provided : Massage only... but a GREAT massage

Value for money/recommend? : Big time

My experience/comments : Ok, so I'll start by saying that I've visited twice now and neither time was there any indication of any funny business at the end.

Nevertheless, Mia gives an amazing Lomi Lomi massage which I have booked twice for 2 hours each time. 

This isn't a remedial type massage, so it won't really work out bad knots, but will certainly having you floating out. Almost dangerously so on my last visit (I had a long drive ahead of me). 

The unit is easy to find and parking wasn't too hard to find nearby. The Lomi massage requires you to be nude, so Mia instructs you to strip down and take a seat. She then comes back into the room and gets the table ready. I always like the idea of being in the nick while they are wandering around!

So....pretty hard to hide a boner when climbing onto the table. Mia doesn't appear to shy away or look away. Once up - she lightly slides a very light sarong over your body.... back and forth a few times, then covers your butt crack with a small folder hand towel. 

The massage is great with long flowing strokes and she even slides her hands under various parts of your body as a part of it. If you youtube LomiLomi you'll get the idea.

Onto my back, and it really is much more of the same. Amazing flowing massage over the whole length of the body. This time there is the same towel folder over the old fella.... the same old fella which is twitching almost out of control by this point. But alas, whilst she comes VERY close, there is no tickle on the tackle, either from above or below.

I wasn't overly disappointed - as the massage itself is fantastic. Who knows, there might be more for more of a regular. OR if somebody with more guts than me wants to ask the hard questions!!!

FrankieLee


Floor: #2
Post Time: 14th November 2015, 04:55 PM
Poster ID: badnews99
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
You have been twice and didn't ask?
Surely it can hurt to ask if you go a third time?

It's easier to apologise than ask permission


Floor: #3
Post Time: 14th November 2015, 05:06 PM
Poster ID: FrankieLee
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Yep - I'm not as pro-active as some when it comes to that. It's happened without asking with a few other women to make me happy enough to sit back, relax and see what happens.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 14th November 2015, 05:25 PM
Poster ID: Cartman
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I've never visited Mia but have spoken to her on the phone (about one year ago). She did explicitly state to me in our conversation then that she was happy to provide me with a hand-job (probably for an additional fee).

Hope this information helps (who knows? Maybe she has changed her policy since we spoke?).


Floor: #5
Post Time: 14th November 2015, 08:47 PM
Poster ID: FrankieLee
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Yeah - but knowing you Cartman, you probably asked her if she had a hot daughter too!


Floor: #6
Post Time: 15th November 2015, 12:43 AM
Poster ID: wachumba
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Mia was on the Studio 10 show about 2 weeks ago being the topless model for a self breast examination segment.

Studio 10 shows breast self-examination on TV

I think she would be happy to go nude or topless for a massage if she would go topless on tv


Floor: #7
Post Time: 16th November 2015, 02:18 PM
Poster ID: tugalong
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
She will give a erotic handjob massage but it costs a fair bit more over the Lomi Lomi. I have had the straight massage and its great but I wouldnt pay the extra freight for a HJ when I can get 2 for the same price elsewhere


Floor: #8
Post Time: 22nd November 2015, 11:35 AM
Poster ID: badnews99
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by wachumba


Mia was on the Studio 10 show about 2 weeks ago being the topless model for a self breast examination segment.

Studio 10 shows breast self-examination on TV

I think she would be happy to go nude or topless for a massage if she would go topless on t
"""



She says in the video she check's herself once a month, I'm sure most punters would give an exam for free while they are in her massage session.
OMG the free health services we can provide these ladies goes very much un-appreciated.


Floor: #9
Post Time: 10th August 2016, 06:45 PM
Poster ID: Cartman
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person’s name: Mia.

Establishment: Private apartment in Redfern.

Date of visit: August 2016.

Contact details: Her number has changed. It is now 0455 167 444.

Hours of business: Contact Mia.

Rates: $130 for a one hour Lomi Lomi massage.

Age: Mid-50s.

Size and shape: 5'7", dress size 10, long blonde hair, blue eyes, C-cup breasts.

Ethnicity: Caucasian.

Services provided: Lomi Lomi massage. You can (possibly) jack yourself off.

Value for money / recommend: $130 for a Lomi Lomi massage is far too expensive / I wouldn't recommend as it wasn't the best Lomi Lomi massage I'd received.

My experience / comments: Mia's place is a 10 minute walk from Redfern train station. To get there you have to walk through the ghettoooooooooo (i.e., housing commissions, etc).

Making a booking with Mia was easy. She text me her address immediately.

I popped half a Viagra before I went so I'd be rock-hard under the sarong.

Her place is very clean but it is in the middle of a shithole. I was asked to take off my shoes and I requested a shower (via text before I arrived). I was given a clean towel, etc, there was no problem with this.

Into the room and Mia was adamant not to see me nude (even holding the sarong in front of me when taking my towel off). WTF? Anyways, it was the proper Lomi Lomi massage (i.e., no towels on table, under-body work, etc).

No accidental brushing.

Flip over and I'm rock-hard.

As Mia is working close to my groin a put a hand under the sarong and start stroking myself.

Mia: "Stop that".

Cartman: "Sorry. Your massage pushed all my buttons".

Mia: "It's OK. I understand. You can do that in the shower after we're done".

Cartman: "Can I pay you $20 to do it now in front of you?"

Mia: "Sure".

I did the deal. Mia didn't touch me at all. I blew and she wiped me down with a hot towel.

When Mia was wiping me down she started to loosen up and really flirt with me. Sorry. Too late for that.

I paid and we parted ways.

Really nice woman, but, it was an expensive and average Lomi Lomi massage (I only went to kill my curiosity).

Been there. Done that. I won't be back.

Thanks as always for reading!


Floor: #10
Post Time: 10th August 2016, 06:57 PM
Poster ID: Mad_Bastard
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Great read as always Cartman. Love your adventurous spirit!!!


