Thread Title: Miss Coco, Ebony - near Central Station - 0435 895 855 SMS preferred
Floor: #1
Post Time: 18th May 2015, 06:25 PM
Poster ID: paul98
Post Title: 
 Miss Coco, Ebony - near Central Station - 0435 895 855 SMS preferred
				
Post Content: 
Name: Coco

Address:Near Central  , sydney CBD.
Dare visited: 17/05/15

Contact: Sensational Erotic Massage...and more with Exotic Ebony COCO!!!!! - Sydney body rubs - cracker.com.au
Phone:  0435 895 855 (SMS preferred) 

Hours: See her add in Cracker
Services: Massage 

Price: 130-140   30 min

Value for money: if you are after big booty,boobs

As i missed out my favorite ML last Friday due to workload, decided to have a relax massage this Sunday. After looking into all recent entry to cracker Coco got my attention. Gave her a call if she is free. got booking for 30 minutes. The place she  staying is  quiet nice and clean. She looks similar to the picture  but bit heavier than the pic. She has nice natural boobs and thick booty . after shower , she asked me to lay down in bed (not a massage bed) and started to rub my back with bit teasing and playing . after she asked me to turn over and started body slide with boobs which felt really good and she than gave me chance to appreciate her big booty.time was running out but my little fellow was playing hard, even with her hard work with two hands. So asked her to lay dawn and started Spanish. after couple of long stroke in between those e cups my load ,unloaded! at last!
She is quiet nice and professional.  a lot of extras on offer for right price.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 24th May 2015, 07:56 AM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Coco's Cracker ad,






Report Ad
Sensational Erotic Massage...and more with Exotic Ebony COCO!!!!! - 22
Posted: Saturday, 23 May 2015, 12:05 PM

    Sensational Erotic Massage...and more with Exotic Ebony COCO!!!!! - 22
    Enlarge Picture
.
.

Hello gentlemen,

My name is Coco. I am an exotic independent companion, completely uninhibited, sexually liberated, adventurous, I am truly open-minded and love intimacy!
I specialise in a sensational exotic and erotic pleasures and more.........

SENSATIONAL EROTIC MASSAGE Erotic and sensual massage with aromatherapy and relaxing oils. Full nude body to body massage,Hot body slides: feel/look at my body slowly caressing yours, mutual touching (touch me, explore me,spread out my beautiful and gorgeous lips....), Mutual masturbation (legs completely spread out!!!), titty's sucking, titty's fucking, hot and very sexy spanish (look at your engine wrapped between my boobs), and finish on my boobs......

MASSAGES RATES
30mins................................$150 AUD
1H....................................$225 AUD


Extras available. Please visit my website services and more pics at miss-coco
Phone 0435 895 855 (SMS preferred) private calls ignored

Poster's age: 22
• Location: Sydney, SYDNEY CBD

• Post ID: 7022013 sydney
			
		



Also her web page, miss-coco


Floor: #3
Post Time: 24th May 2015, 11:37 AM
Poster ID: aviator1300
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Has quite a professional website. Nice photos as well. However, those prices make me think twice. May try just for the fun of it.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 22nd September 2015, 02:27 AM
Poster ID: Blued
Post Title: 
 exotic treat
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Coco
Establishment : private
Date of Visit : June 2015
Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Haymarket, 0435 895 855, miss-coco, misscococ@outlook.com
Hours of Business : unknown
Rates : $200/hr + $100 extras ('deluxe' = Mutual oral, kissing)
Age : 20s
Size/shape : 5'4. Size 14. D cup. Lots of boob, lots of bum.
Nationality or Ethnicity : Carribean
Services Provided : massage, CBJ, DATY, Spanish. FS available. 
Value for money/recommend? : Depends - exotic but expensive. 

I'm not having much luck with arranging punts by email in recent times. I emailed Coco and got no reply. A couple of days later, I followed up by text, and soon had a booking.

She gave me the general location the day before, the street and cross-street on the day, and her building and apartment number when I arrived there.

It turned out to be a modern bed-sit in a tall apartment block, very sleek and elegant, but just one big room for kitchen lounge and bedroom, plus a bathroom. I paid her and went to take a shower. When I returned, Coco was in bra and knickers and we played kissy face, before she led me to the bed and had me lie face down to start the massage.

Coco is medium short, dark chocolate brown and stacked. Plenty of breast, lots of booty. She's well-padded not skinny, and she's pretty in an exotic way.

Her massage was firm but more relaxing than therapeutic, with some touches of the equipment included. She used a variety of lotions rather than oil. Perfectly satisfactory in the circumstances and less messy. When she moved from massage to body slides, the lotion had the added benefit of contrast against her dark skin, a great look.

Before long, she had me flip over and she proceeded to rub her impressive chest all over me, ending up with her wrapping her tits around my cock for Spanish. After a decent go at fucking her chest, she reversed position to give me a delicious (but covered) BJ. The position gave me access to explore between her legs, and rub her bubbly arse. I loved the pink and chocolate contrast of her pussy, and when I got busy with my tongue, she pushed herself back against my mouth.

The mutual oral continued for quite a while, until I had to cry uncle and give my tongue a rest. She hopped off me, whipped the condom off, and proceeded to jerk me off with the help of more lotion, until I ejaculated across her tits and belly. (More white on brown contrast.)

Afterwards I got another shower, a bit of banter and I was out the door just under an hour after arriving. A bit underdone on time perhaps, but a good result was achieved so I'm not complaining.

Coco offers full-service as well but told me she actually prefers not to fuck complete strangers if she can help it. This  session was just booked as a deluxe massage, not full service. Yes it was expensive, but it was an exotic treat. 

Coco is a post-grad research student from overseas, don't know how much longer she'll be around, but her cracker ad and website are still up.


