Thread Title: Natalia - Wollongong - 0426 157 203
Floor: #1
Post Time: 10th April 2014, 10:18 AM
Poster ID: Hot_kp
Post Title: 
 Natalia - Wollongong - 0426 157 203
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Natalia

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 9th April 2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Illawarra Mercury ad 
0426 157 203

Hours of Business : 

Rates : $110/half hr $150/hr plus extras

Age : late 20's to early 30's

Size/shape : slim sz8, C cups around 5'6" long light brown hair. 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Caucasian 

Services Provided : B2B massage with HJ 

Value for money/recommend? : Nice but no. Expensive for what she provides. 

My experience/comments : another new ad shows up in the Mockery and it reads as follows:




			
				Absolute Aussie Dream
Erotic Body Rub. Tease and please exp. Visiting today only!
Gorgeous busty. 
29y/o size 8
Bikini Model Figure
Caller I.D. Required
Photo available. CBD.
			
		

Of course I need to check this out. Natalia works out of a nice serviced apartment at the lower end of the 'gong and was very pleasant and easy to chat to. She is obviously a well travelled lady and seems intelligent and well versed in many topics. 

Her service however was very superficial. After a quick shower it was face down on the queen size bed and Natalia kneeling nxt to you naked. The "erotic body rub" was akin to someone applying sun tan lotion to ur body with about as much enthusiasm. All the while very chatty. Which was nice but not exactly erotic. She eventually knelt between my legs and proceeded to 'gently' feel the tackle and then slid her very nice and ample boobs over my back.  At this point she huskily asked if I was interested in her extras. Kinda made me think of McDonalds - would you like fries with that? Lol. So the extras where

1) reverse front body slide (69) with pussy play - only on the outside $50
2) French relief $70
3) or both together for $100

I opted for number 1 being a sucker for seeing a nice pussy close up. Plus I knew I'd need to see that otherwise little kp wasn't going to perform. I rolled over on my back and Natalia rubbed her boobs over my chest and let me have a little lick and they are very nice. Her hair draped over my chest and down the side of her awesome boobs is a memory to be cherished and as she reversed and swung her leg over me exposing her pussy I was wondering how I'm going to behave myself and not put my tongue into that. 

But never fear - that was not going to happen. She kept her pussy hard against my chest and unless you have a very long tongue or a flexible neck there was no chance. My fingers did find her clit though and she did get somewhat wet which gave me a small amount of satisfaction as she belted little kp into submission and got the desired result. Her HJ technique leaves a lot to be desired and I was somewhat disappointed with this encounter. It could have been so much better because she has the body for it for sure but no technique. It kinda made me wonder how new she is to this but googling her number shows it in ads on the Sunshine Coast. So maybe not so new but just chasing the dollars.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 11th April 2014, 01:05 PM
Poster ID: seeking85
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Yep similar experience to the above. She looks hot, but her technique is poor. You would think she would be alot better given that she tugs in sunshine coast, sydney and now the gong. 

Don't you just hate it when they look hot, but are hopeless. I would much prefer average looks but awesome tug.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 11th April 2014, 03:49 PM
Poster ID: Hot_kp
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks for confirming. I hate giving a bad rap if it was just that she maybe didn't like me or something. 

Where have you seen her?


Floor: #4
Post Time: 12th April 2014, 01:25 PM
Poster ID: seeking85
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
in sunshine coast. she has been tugging there another another name...


Floor: #5
Post Time: 13th August 2014, 07:30 AM
Poster ID: Lustvader
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Advertised today in Canberra as Amy.  Thanks for the review, kp, saved me some dough.


