Thread Title: Nicki. Wollongong. Time cut short
Floor: #1
Post Time: 8th October 2017, 10:55 PM
Poster ID: Bluey651
Post Title: 
 Nicki. Wollongong. Time cut short
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Nicki.

Establishment : holiday unit in Wollongong

Date of Visit : September 28. 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : .0470 405 175

Hours of Business : unknown

Rates : $$120 hour

Age : 30

Size/shape : 12 - 14

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : massage happy ending

Value for money/recommend? : Not really

I contacted Nicki from her ad in the Illawarra Mercury. She sounded nice on the phone and we arranged a time. She sent me where to go by text. I rang at the appointed time. No answer. 10 minutes later she calls me to come up to her room.

She is a bigger woman but is still quite attractive. She is shapely with DD breasts and large nipples. She asks me if I want to go up to full service. I told her not today. I am a little tired. She stripped and began the massage. Her massage was very good but she allowed limited touching. Each time she touched the meat and veg she would ask if I would like to fuck her. Each time I told her I am enjoying her massage.

It was not long and she began the tackle tickle and reaching under to get my attention. She did. I rolled over and she was straight into the HJ. She was pushing her tits into my face and saying that I want to fuck her. I did not answer.

She allowed more touching and this part was nice. After a little while I released an average load. The cleanup was good and she asked me to shower. I said we had at least twenty minutes left. She told me no worries. You shower and I continue. 

I showered. While in the shower she was texting on her phone. I finish and she sits me in the chair to rub my neck and head. This was nice. Until the knock on the door from her next punter. She rushes me out the door as she lets him in. It was all very quick. I noticed that I was cut short in total 15 minutes. Not impressed. Also not impressed by the way things finished.

I will not be back.


