Floor: #1
Post Time: 13th August 2016, 02:58 PM
Poster ID: Mark7777
Post Title: 
 Nicollete / Nicole - Zetland - 0411 861 093
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Nicolette

Establishment : Zetland

Date of Visit : 09.08.2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : East Sydney, Zetland, 0411861093, European brunette - Sydney escorts - cracker.com.au
Hours of Business : 1pm till late

Rates : $150 half an hour

Age : 21

Size/shape : C cup, slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : East european

Services Provided : CBJ, FULL BODY MASSAGE

Value for money/recommend? : Definitely yes

My experience/comments :

I went to check this girl out this week for a 30 min full body massage and CBJ. She is a little girl from east Europe and really good looking girl, small tits though.
She lives in a nice and clean unit at the 1st floor. shower facilities 
She gives good and passionate full body massage and great CBJ and she does not watch the time at allwhich is very good and makes you confortable. 
Unfortunately she does not offer full service but Value/money is really good and i will be back for sure. 
cheers


Floor: #2
Post Time: 6th September 2016, 07:45 AM
Poster ID: bsmith88888
Post Title: 
 Nicole from Europe
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Nicole 

Establishment : PML

Date of Visit : 5/09/2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0411861093; http://sydney.cracker.com.au/Therape...europe/9004041

Hours of Business : 10AM - 

Rates : $200 for 1 hour

Age : 20-25

Size/shape : Slim, Athletic, Petite

Nationality or Ethnicity : European

Services Provided : Massage, Light Kissing, HJ, CBJ, DATY, GFE

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

I have been wanting to book Nicole as the services and that body ticks alls the boxes. However distances and also timing has been an issues previously. Her ad appeared yesterday and had a meeting in the area, so SMS'd a request and managed to a book a 50 minute PM session. Turned up to a large apartment complex in the Zetland area and was buzzed in.

First impression - Gorgeous girl, she was dressed in boob tube and undies, in her early twenties, petite (I would say 155 cm), athletic and well proportioned - the pictures are definitely her - however even nicer in the person. She has a very cute face and found out that she is an OS student, who has been here for a few years.

Into the shower and then onto the bed for a massage. Massage is performed with her sitting on your back and massaging away - very light, so if you are into massage then this is probably not for you. However wasn't there for the massage  - this lasted over 10 minutes and then flipped over. She then takes off her boob tube - breast are small, light kissing, cat bath, proceeding to HJ and CBJ. I then asked if she want to go into a 69 position, which she agreed - asked if she was OK with DATY - which she agreed. I helped her slip the undies off, and she has an amazing pussy and ass - tight, well manicured and firm - best I have seen. 

Next 30 minutes spent chatting away, taking turns pleasuring each other - no FS or insertions - however I don't get the opportunity to enjoying a body like this and a true GFE without the sex. She seems to enjoy, nipples harden, light moaning, does get wet and pushes into your mouth as you DATY. Concluded with a HE and then into the shower, before leaving - session was just over an hour - no clock watching.

Would I come back - yes and no. Yes for that body, no because its not really a massage and there is no sex at the conclusion - which you itching for, because of that body. So I think it be a once in a while booking for me.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 8th September 2016, 06:40 PM
Poster ID: spellbind
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Nicolette

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : September 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : European brunette Outcall/incall - Sydney escorts - backpage.com
0411861093

Hours of Business : Private

Rates : $100 10 mins, $150 30 mins, $200 50 mins. Massage only not full service

Age : early 20's

Size/shape : Petite. Size 4, tiny girl. Toned tight body. A cup breasts, small little nipples. Short and light

Nationality or Ethnicity : Eastern European

Services Provided : Handjob, kissing, light cat bath

Value for money/recommend? : Yes worth a try. Very pretty face.

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

I made a booking with Nicolette based on the previous 2 good reviews. I had seen her ad on backpage a few times. Her pictures on backpage are real. The photos make her look like shes a tall flat skinny girl.
But shes tiny in reality. Maybe 145 cm? Maybe less? Very small and light. Very petite, nice toned trimmed body. You can see her ab muscles. Her breast are very small, but shes got nice little pale nipples, still good to suck on.

Her face is very pretty. Shes got a tiny little face, nice soft hair with a fringe. She looks very much like a girl next door gfe. Shes just wearing regular clothes.
She looked best after the massage. She had her regular clothes back on, and we just sat at her dining table chatting. She had her legs up on the chair looking all cute and smiling and just talking very naturally.
It is her house. Ie she lives there. Its a brand new apartment in on of the new Zetland area developments.

In regards to the service, I booked just a 30 minute massage. Had a quick shower then came to her room. I didn't bother lying down for a massage. I sat on her bed and pulled her body over to start kissing her all over.
She allows kissing on the lips with a small amount of tongue. It wasn't a DFK, but was more than just pecking. Her lips and mouth are tiny so its like kissing a really small face.
Her cat bath on me was soft. Not much tongue or saliva, mostly just kissing all over the body. I did the same to her all over her body. She didn't want me to lick. I could kiss her petite little naked vagina all over but she asked me not to lick it. That was ok by me. I alternated between kissing her pussy lips and her face lips

Shes a very safe girl I think. Doesn't like fluid exchange I guess, but YMMV. Sounds like she did less with me than the previous reviewers. I still don't mind at all, it was pretty good.
Best part was before taking off her panties. Before taking off her panties she was very comfortable sitting on me and grinding soft and hard on my cock.
But once the panties came off she didn't want any contact.

CBJ was ok. She was a bit hard and pumped up and down fast on the CBJ. I wasn't feeling it today, needed to be teased more with more licking etc. She didn't lick the balls. I didn't ask as I gauged by her previous moves that she probably wouldn't be into it.

The condom came off, and she got some baby oil and wanked away. This part was great! She allowed me to play on the edge for a bit at my request, but not for too long. 
I got up onto my knees for her to continue the handjob whilst she lay down. She kissed at my hips whilst wanking me in this kneeling position until I came all over her tits.
Because her body is petite and her breast small I was really able to cover her all over. It was a great sight.

She's got a cute face, and a nice friendly personality. Shes a nice girl. It was worth seeing her and I do recommend it if you're happy with the review descriptions above. I probably wont be back though as it was missing some x-factor

I tried to google so see if I can find a picture that is indicative of what she looks like. I think she looks kinda like this? Tiny little body with a cute face. She has a fringe though.



These are her pictures from the ad:


Floor: #4
Post Time: 20th October 2016, 12:14 AM
Poster ID: schnook2925
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Nicole

Establishment : PML

Date of Visit : end of Sept 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : as above

Rates : $100 for 30mins

Age : early 20s

Size/shape : Petite, A cups, around 150cm

Nationality or Ethnicity : European

Services Provided : Massage, CBJ and HJ

Value for money/recommend? : ok for both

My experience/comments : 

Saw Nicole at the end of Sept after having read some positive reviews about her. Making the appointment was not too difficult at all. It was all done via SMS, to which she does reply fairly quickly. Just a note that there were plenty of parking close by to the apartment as well.

Upon arrival to her apartment, I was met by this youthful girl who I did find quite attractive. But keep in mind that the photos do definitely make her look way taller than she actually is. After the exchange of cash, I was shown to the shower to shower by myself. When I returned back to the room, she was slowly taking her tube-top off. Her massage was nothing to write home about, a bit more than running her hands over my back. Eventually, she got me to turn around and applied the dom for a CBJ. The CBJ was quite enjoyable and made me surprise how a young girl can give a decent suck. This went on for a good 5mins where we did it in a 69 position. She kept her panties on the whole time by the way. When she got a bit tired, she positioned herself next to me and started giving me the HJ. Jerked me a bit hard but was happy to oblige when I told her to slow down. After the deed was done, I was shown to the shower again before heading out.

When I left, I noticed the appointment only lasted 20mins. There were no multiple shots offered as the ad says. Overall I would be happy to see her because it is nice to have a young lass jerk me off every now and then, but I would most likely just go with the 15mins booking.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 23rd July 2019, 05:53 PM
Poster ID: Pritham_Pri9
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Any Idea what's happened to her . She was the Best


