Thread Title: Olivia Sparkles - Ultimo - 0403 403 540
Floor: #1
Post Time: 14th September 2015, 02:57 PM
Poster ID: ausugnd
Post Title: 
 Olivia Sparkles - Ultimo - 0403 403 540
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Olivia Sparkles

Establishment : Private Apartment

Date of Visit : 2/7/15

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Ms Olivia Sparkles - Erotic Masseuse and Pro-Domme

Hours of Business : Various - See Site

Rates : $300p/h

Age : 27

Size/shape : Curvy, not big. Her photos are definitely her, just using some creative lighting. Either way, not overweight, and quite attractive.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie (maybe Kiwi?)

Services Provided : Passionate Massage with BDSM twist

Value for money/recommend? : Yeah, for something a bit different!

My experience/comments : I had the day to spare so decided to treat myself and take a little walk on the wild side. I did some quick looking around and found Olivia on both Google and Backpage, and after looking on here not finding a review, I thought I would take a punt for the team and see what it was like.
I get in the apartment, and it is new, clean and well kept with a section cordoned off with a massage table on it. We sit down first and discuss what I am into and my limits. I then strip down and jump in the shower before taking a position face down on the table.
What follows is then a combination of soft, sensual massage, with scratching, pinching and pushing my back. After a few minutes of that, she commands me to stand up where she proceeds to tie me up in an elaborate bondage knots, before lying me down and going to work on my front. Still pinching, scratching and probing the whole time, she starts with a light flogging to accompany.
She held up a giant black strap-on, to which I jokingly said no way, and she laughed back, saying "See, we have found a limit", then back into character where she climbs on top, and begins stroking my now rock hard cock. Reminding me not to cum without permission, she then slips a finger inside my ass and starts pumping away in sync with her strokes.
I then blow what is a massive load and she cleans up before i jump back in the shower and head off.
While it isn't everyone's cup of tea, I would defiantly recommend her if you were into trying something a little different - especially if you don't want to go all the way down the dominatrix path. Not sure how much training she has had in the more serious side of BDSM, but for what I was after, she was the perfect combination of kink and relaxation.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 10th December 2015, 03:11 PM
Poster ID: huawei585
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks  ausugnd for the review, I just saw her ad on locanto and find it a bit exotic than a traditional massage.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 1st August 2016, 03:11 PM
Poster ID: Mercurio56
Post Title: 
 Olivia Sparkles - Private Masseuse - Magic Fingers and Oh So Naughty
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Olivia Sparkles  

Establishment : Own Premises   

Date of Visit : June 2016   

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :   www: http://www.oliviasparkles.com 
Phone No: 0403 403 540 
E-mail: olivia_sparkles@outlook.com 

Hours of Business : On enquiry   

Rates : $400 for 90 minute erotic massage   

Age : Early 30s   Size/shape : Curvy Size 10 DD   

Nationality or Ethnicity : Middle Eastern ?  

Services Provided : Massage   

Value for money/recommend? : Yes, if you like great erotic massage only   

My experience/comments :   I  was lucky to be visiting Melbourne for work and decided that I just had  to finally book some time with the delightful  Olivia Sparkles.  I had a  few technical challenges in getting in contact but Olivia took all  these in her stride and we set a date and time.  I decided to try her weekday theme special, which included a toy show.....what a good decision on my part!  I  was entranced at the door to be greeted by Olivia in some sexy lingerie  and followed her in mesmerised.  

We hit it off straight away and seemed  to have a lot in common.  I was invited to watch her sexy striptease  and I then was asked to lay on the massage table for a fantastic  tension-reliving back massage.    When  it was time to roll over, I was also treated to the sexy toy show she  had promised.  Olivia got up onto the table and proceeded to tantalise  me with the way she used her toy.  My hands were raised to cup her  luscious derriere and to hold her tush as she played with herself for my  pleasure.   

Once she had finished with the show, she then moved to the side of the table and applied out to me and proceeded to give be an amazing hand job while she whispered filthy little suggestions into my ear about what she could do to me with her toys!  Needless to say there was a very happy ending to this session.  

As she states on her website, she isn't for everyone, but if you like erotic massage, then you will like Olivia.  I will visit her again when next I am in Melbourne.


