Thread Title: Private independent massage - Burwood - 0415 737 743
Floor: #1
Post Time: 15th February 2017, 07:50 AM
Poster ID: Genesis
Post Title: 
 Private independent massage - Burwood - 0415 737 743
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : jew jew / or maybe accent deceiving and Jo jo 

Establishment : Private residence Burwood

Date of Visit : 8.2.17

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 

???OPEN MON-FRI??? ??Sensational Massage?? ?Beautiful Young Girl? Burwood ???0415737743???.. - Sydney body rubs - cracker.com.au

Hours of Business : 10am to 5pm - Monday to Friday

Rates : 
$40 / 30 min
$50 / 45 min
$60 / 60 min
$90 / 90 min

Age : Maybe mid 30's

Size/shape : slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : I never asked but I am pretty sure Chinese

Services Provided : Massage - bbj - Fs

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : 

Was in the area last week and decided to try something new. Rang and was given address via text and then unit number when I arrived. 
As the ad states the place is not far from the station if you are training it.
Jo jo / jew jew is about mid 30's slim, with nice C-cup's.
I know everyone is different but i found her very attractive, and something that does not normally get my attention eyes that you can kind of get lost in - weird because normally that is the least thing i remember about a punt.

Anyway I am asked how long i want to stay and I go for 60min for $60, then straight up asked if I want nude and hj for $50 which i accept, she then asks if i want bbj for $50, at that point I thought i would slow things down a bit and keep some leverage for later to maybe help keep the punt on track, as in rather than just rushing it all to the extras paid for, so i said I will think about it and let her know at the end, which she was happy with.

Massage table in room and a bed, but we were on the bed and it was comfortable and the massage was good, was asked hard or soft and went for the hard and was not disappointment.
Was a fair bit of chit chat and we did kind of click which is always a bonus. 

Massage then turned from therapeutic to more erotic after she undressed and was giving a really nice body slide over my back, at that point she turned over laid on her back and asked what i wanted to do?
Being in 10 frames of mind I was not sure, and she said do you want sex? I said yes and she asked what i was going to pay? I only had the $50 left on me so that was agreed, as i said i was in 10 frames of mind that day and i was not sure what i really wanted so i changed my mind and said i wanted bbj, which she was happy to oblige, after a short while I said do you 69? which she said yes and said but the other way, i assume she meant with me on top, so i changed my mind again and decided to just Daty which went on for some time. After daty she proceeded with bbj which was good, and she asked do you take a short time normally or long time, and i said long time - she said we are over time already do you want me to finish hj which i was happy with and it was a good technique that got me over the line.

I will be back to see her again.

Although she is private I could see there was another person that worked there too (could hear them) so i am not sure if it is another person attached to that number of different altogether.

Be aware Burwood being Burwood the Parking is shit, metered (2 hour) parking available or parking un-metered couple streets away.

All up price was $60 massage + extras of $50 and $50 so 1 hour for $160 for an enjoyable punt I was happy and will probably be back.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 15th February 2017, 11:27 AM
Poster ID: sparksy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Wonder if this is the same JO Jo of BBBJ fame from Asquith in the pool shed??


Floor: #3
Post Time: 15th February 2017, 01:20 PM
Poster ID: antares01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
The link attached to #1 is a Cracker add where the text implies this is a business with multiple ML's and possibly multiple locations, suspect not really a PML.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 15th February 2017, 04:18 PM
Poster ID: Genesis
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I asked her if I call the phone next time that i will be getting her and she assured me that it would be her.
Unless the number is allocated to her - as i said I know there is another room and think another Wl, but she seemed to indicate that she was the one running the number and operator.

I guess i will find out for sure next time I go - will report back


Floor: #5
Post Time: 17th June 2017, 07:59 AM
Poster ID: Genesis
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Pretty sure Jojo has retired.
Have tried numerous times to contact and phone either rings out or off, and no ad's since March. 
Shame as was excellent.


