Thread Title: Private Mobile Masseuse, Sydney - Sara
Floor: #1
Post Time: 29th January 2017, 08:37 PM
Poster ID: paunchy
Post Title: 
 Private Mobile Masseuse, Sydney - Sara
				
Post Content: 
Has anybody had a massage from this lady?

http://sydney.locanto.com.au/ID_1103...-Masseuse.html

She has the same ad in both the Personals and Health & Beauty Services sections of Locanto, but it is not clear what sort of massage she offers.

I am thinking of making an appointment with her, but before I do I would like to hear of any experiences others may have had with her.  She only takes enquiries by SMS; I sent one asking whether she did a complete body massage and got no response, which suggests she may be legit and found my question impertinent.  On the other hand she does advertise in Locanto Personals, which suggests more may be on offer.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 29th January 2017, 09:11 PM
Poster ID: WOTAN01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Search the forum under her name or mobile to see if it bring up anything. 

If it doesn't make a booking and take a punt and write a review of your experience.

She probably did not answer your question as she had put in the advert what she does "massages, back, front, or full body massages, many types of massages like relaxation, Thai, Lomi Lomi, or deep tissue." From the English in the advert I thing English is not her mother tongue so understand her not answering such a question. Both shops and providers get sick and tired of people asking such questions.

Now if you are really looking for a nude R&T then go to any of the excellent shops on the North Shore which I would think by some earlier comments are a man of extensive expertise must be fully aware. 

If FS is what you want then there are again excellent selection in the North Shore or other parts of Sydney. The relevant sections of this forum will be full of such reviews which are available for you to read.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 30th January 2017, 08:55 AM
Poster ID: paunchy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks for this advice.  I did a search under her phone number but there were no matches, which I take it means that there are no reviews of this lady.  I intend to try to contact her next time I am in Sydney, and if I mange to see her I will let you all know the result.

I presume it is permissible to ask this sort of question before actually going to see a private massage lady.

I am aware of all the places that provide nude R&T, but I am more interested in the private providers who are quasi-legit, like some who have been reviewed in this forum.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 30th January 2017, 10:06 AM
Poster ID: nextlif
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Its ok to ask questions but whether anyone helps you out is another matter. Most of our members regard this Forum as a 'give to take' arrangement, meaning,  the more you put in, the more you get back. 
In your case, a Paid Silver member with only 2 reviews since 2012 (if I have missed any, let me know via PM please) posting numerous questions around the Forum, is not likely to be over run with replies. 
But you can ask......


