Thread Title: Pure Barbie - Penrith locoanto only
Floor: #1
Post Time: 31st December 2019, 10:09 AM
Poster ID: reggid
Post Title: 
 Pure Barbie - Penrith locoanto only
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Pure Barbie

Establishment : incall garage + apartment penrith

Date of Visit : Nov and Dec

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.locanto.com.au/by/purebarbie/b42637/

Phone : not provided

Hours of Business : enquire

Rates : 1st massage and topless HJ cum on tits $150/30 minutes, 2nd visit mutual natural oral, hj, massage $400/30 minutes

Age : mid to late 20's

Size/shape : 5' 6" wild guess, size 8-10 some nice curves

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : mutual oral, hj 

Value for money/recommend? : expensive but good, prices seem to vary so watch the ads

My experience/comments : 

i was wary of locanto messages as only means to communicate but shes real and not a time waster from my experience. usually on time within 10mins which is a bonus. 
plenty of parking near by. i arrive and was expecting a blonde bimbo type but shes a brunette, pretty face nice complexion and unlike alot of punts this way is just a normal woman not some junkie or skank. certainly good quality for this area probably why she charges a premium.

met outside main entrance and she said we have have to go to the garage lol wat. seemed pretty dodgey thought about leaving but pursued. there was a mattress with a dim light, was not sound proof but garage had a mesh door that had some provacy. exchange money and lay down for a nice hj. she uses coconut oil i think and the technique was good. very enjoyable. clean up was with wet wipes.

2nd time incall in apartment was available with shower and aircon, discussed mutual natural oral which may not available on first meet and she does inspect the package, she's a very hygienic lady. 
she tastes divine and has a bit of downstairs hair which is good for a change on a caucasian, sucks really good to. no CIM though so finish on tits and shower and leave. very enjoyable

 the prices are expensive but i enjoyed the experience. worth a visit if out west


