Thread Title: Sienna - Sydney (CBD) - 0403 250 564
Floor: #1
Post Time: 23rd January 2012, 07:32 PM
Poster ID: Bracket
Post Title: 
 Sienna - Sydney (CBD) - 0403 250 564
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sienna

Establishment : private

Date of Visit : January 2012

Contact Details : 0403 250 564 + Cracker ad

Rates : $120/30 $180/60

Age : 24

Size/shape : 170cm, size 8, slim, C-cups

Nationality or Ethnicity : Singaporean

Services Provided : erotic r'n't, prostate massage, DATY

Value for money/recommend? : suits me!

My experience/comments : 

So there I was, five minutes after having walked into the apartment of a woman I didn't know, and finding myself on all fours with her behind me reaching around with one hand firmly stroking my rigid pole while the other had a finger up my arse.  How did I get here? 

Sienna turned out to be a bit of a surprise, in the pleasant direction.  She says she's 24 and Singaporean, both of which seem reasonable by my judgment.  She is tallish, maybe 170cm, has lovely light olive skin and attractive looks.  She's slim, although on account of her height I might have put her at a size 8 rather than her advertised size 6, and sports a pair of C-cups, possibly enhanced, with smallish pink nipples.  She's lightly pubed.  Her nice smile reveals a set of braces.  How will they impact any blow job, I wonder?

Sienna advertises her services in Cracker as r'n't, together with a prostate massage "should you require one" + extras.  This attracted me since, after having a few duds from Cracker recently, I was looking at a "harm minimisation" strategy whereby I wouldn't have to fork out a lot for what might turn out to be yet another dud punt.

Sienna's English is OK without being fluent - definitely not good enough to script her Cracker ad.  She tends to say "Good for you" a lot, which I guess works well in a lot of situations where her English isn't up to it.  But as events transpire, she can use her English very well, with a great line of suggestive and dirty patter.

After being buzzed up to her CBD apartment Sienna opens the door with a nice smile and a black bikini.  After complimenting her on her appearance I open the batting by asking about extras.  Her advertised prices are $120/30 or $180/60 for r'n't, with extras on top, unspecified.  Turns out she doesn't offer natural French, only cbj, and FS is $100.  I don't pay for a cbj, and aren't that keen on FS without bbbj in any event, so I tell her that I'll take just the basic r'n't please ma'am, and hand over $120 with the hint that if her service is good she'll see me in future for an hour at a time.

Then it's into the shower by myself, after which Sienna directs me to sit on the end of the bed while she turns her back to me and slowly and sexily undresses, wiggling at the right moments.  Even though her English isn't that good she does have a nice line of dirty patter that helps keep me horny throughout the session.  Once naked she pushes me onto my back and slides on top of me, very nice!  I'm then ordered onto my front and after a legitimate massage lasting, ooh  30 seconds, she goes straight into her erotic routine, reaching between my legs and stroking my sack and shaft.  Her finger then trails down my crack and she questions "Put finger there?" to which I reply yes please!  So it's up on all fours, where I came in on at the beginning of this review.  I do find the situation horny, but she doesn't keep it up long enough to put me at risk of shooting my load.

Then it's onto my back and Sienna sits astride my hips, sliding the outsided of her pussy along my shaft.  I notice a few prickles from her pubic stubble, but, hey, I'm not about to complain.  When she asks what I'm ready for I suggest that she can sit on my face, to which she replies that she's sitting on my cock instead.  Fair enough.  She then moves around next to me so that her body is accessible while she strokes my cock.  I play a little with her tits and then her pussy, access to which she improves by putting in some KY and inviting me to continue.

On account of where Sienna is sitting, my digital access is less than perfect, so I then invite her to straddle me with her back to me, a suggestion she graciously accedes to.  But she's sitting too far forward for me to get good purchase so I nudge her back towards my head.  Eventually she's that close to my head I can kiss her cheeks, which I do.  Her reaction makes me venture to move my head forward and stick my tongue between her cheeks, which I thought might have been classed as an extra and therefore unavailable to this old cheapskate.  But that wasn't the case and as I licked her arsehole her moan invited me to stick the tongue in.  Doing that, and then putting it into her pussy while she was stroking me firmly is more than sufficient to make me shoot my load and I am one satisfied customer.

Sienna tidies me while continuing the suggestive patter.  There are still a few minutes to go so she offers me a nice head and neck massage, on my back with my head on a pillow on her lap.  The massage comes to an end naturally (with no buzzer!) and it's into the shower.

This has been the best r'n't I've had since the long-gone days of Bobo at Masstige 8, and frankly I'll be happy to come back purely for the erotic r'n't without any thoughts of FS.  And next time it will be for an hour.  (And as you've probably guessed, her braces didn't affect the bj at all, since I didn't ask for it.)

Pretty well the entire half-hour massage has been erotic, rather than straight with a quick hj at the end.  Sienna gives an upmarket erotic r'n't, lasting virtually the whole of the session, rather than what the shops typically offer.  So if you're looking for something different from the shops and are willing to shell out more than they ask, Sienna might appeal.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 23rd January 2012, 07:35 PM
Poster ID: Bracket
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Sienna's Cracker ad seems to have expired, although it can be found by googling "Sienna 0403250564" and using the cached version.  But here's a cut and paste :

Hi 

Let me introduce myself, my name is Sienna, i am 24y.o from Singapore, i'm offering a very sensual & erotic massage from my cbd apartment, i'm a professional masseuse with a very unique style, my techniques are gentle and aim to make you feel calm and relaxed throughout, i've combined my Balinese massage with a touch of erotic pleasure to elevate you to new heights and give you a complete experience that will invigorate your whole body. I'm also able to give you a prostate massage should you require one. 

I begin with techniques that will provide deep tissue relaxation followed by erotic touches that begin from your head down to your feet. I will leave no stone unturned as i bring you to the brink of orgasm, i then satisfy you with a highly charged hand relief. 
For those wanting that little bit extra i suggest asking for some extra's during our time together, my aim is to please and i wont be totally happy unless your left feeling like a new man. 

Here's a little about myself, i'm a size 6 girl with a C cup bust, i'm attractive with model looks and a very friendly personality to match, if its your first time i'll make you feel totally relaxed with an unrushed service, i take pride in my appearance which you will notice when you first see me. 

My complete set of photo's are of me and have been verified so you can expect no surprises when we meet. 

I'm usually available from 11am until late, please call me anytime to discuss and book today, i look forward to meeting new gentleman whilst i'm in Sydney and also providing them with a totally pleasurable experience. 

My Incall Rates: 

30 minutes: 120 
60 minutes: 180 

Look forward to seeing you soon. 

Sienna x


Floor: #3
Post Time: 23rd January 2012, 08:59 PM
Poster ID: BadAussieBoy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Great review Bracket!

Sounds like she may not actually be Singaporean though, as English is the 1st language there. So I do tend to be a bit sceptical when they say they are from Singapore yet can't hold a decent conversation in English!


Floor: #4
Post Time: 25th January 2012, 09:11 AM
Poster ID: Benwpxx
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Very good review mate ,will planning to see her soon


Floor: #5
Post Time: 25th January 2012, 11:12 AM
Poster ID: FriarFuck
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Agreed. Sounds like a keeper


Floor: #6
Post Time: 31st January 2012, 12:22 PM
Poster ID: Flyerr221
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Is Sienna now known as Chelsea ? Or do we have another ML who is doing Balinese style massage with prostate poking at the same rates ?

24 y.o. Hot Asian- Erotic & Sensual Bali Style Massage-Private@CBD Apartment>>>$120.00 - Sydney | Adult services | Erotic | Cracker





			
				Hi I am Chelsea 24 y.o. from Hongkong. I used to work in modelling company for 4 years. C bust stunning, sexy elegant legs, brown hair! 
PROVIDE YOU UNFORGETTABLE EROTIC&SENSUAL BALI STYLE MASSAGE EXPERIENCE . 
I offer gentleman :deep tissue massage, Genital stimulation, Prostate massage, Relaxation massage, Oil massage, Bali technique. 

All service will be provided in the brand new apartment in CBD area. Luxury private and discreet room. Energy lifting and relaxed music played 

My rates are as follows: 
120 for 30 minutes 
150 for 45 minutes 
180 for 60 minutes 

Out calls only to CBD hotels and exclusive private residence. 


300 for 60 minutes 
*Reduce the price for longer booking, overnight stay can be discussed. 

Please call or text for an appointment MON-FRI 12pm-8pm


Floor: #7
Post Time: 31st January 2012, 11:15 PM
Poster ID: Bracket
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by Flyerr221


Is Sienna now known as Chelsea ? Or do we have another ML who is doing Balinese style massage with prostate poking at the same rates ? ..
"""



Interesting, although it may be that Chelsea is now known as Sienna since Chelsea's ad is dated 9/1/'12 and Sienna's 12/1/'12.  Having said that, there are some significant differences between the ads, e.g. Chelsea doesn't mention extras, Chelsea's mobile is 0422368241, Sienna doesn't offer outcalls.  It's possible that they're different girls working from the same apartment.

To further confuse the issue an ad appeared today for Tiana, also in a similar vein, but again with differences.

Hi, my name is Tiana, please take the time to read my profile, i'm a 24 y.o euro asian from Singapore with an exotic French mix, i'm offering a very special and unique nude body to body massage from my private cbd apartment located on Kent St between Market & King St. 

From the moment you see me i will make you feel totally relaxed, i'm very friendly and generally like to satisfy and pamper my clients the best way i know how, from a hot steamy shower i'll lead you to my bedroom where i aim to provide you with a very erotic tantric style massage with lots of tantalizing touches, soft stimulating strokes, i'll leave no part of your body untouched then finish with my unique hot therapy hand relief, this has often been descibed by my clients as the best orgasmic experience they have ever felt. For those wanting that little bit more i do offer some extra's which i prefer to discuss when you see me.

Here's a little about myself, i'm a very attractive girl with striking model looks and features, i'm a size 6 with a natural C cup bust, i keep fit and toned as i love fitness and enjoy my regular yoga classes, my skin is smooth and soft, flawless and wonderful to touch, the photo's on this site are of me and have been recently taken and not altered in any way. 

I'm usually available 7 days a week between 11am and 8pm from my clean, private and very discreet air conditioned apartment. 

Advanced bookings are always best however i may be available on short notice as well, i do prefer sms booking's and usually respond very rapidly. 

Here's a little of what to expect when you visit me: 

A nude body to body massage 
Hot premium grade body oils & lotions 
Nude Body Slides 
Hot therapy hand relief 
Genital and Anal massage 
Prostate massage 
Very Sensual & Erotic touches. 

MY INCALL RATES: 

30 MINUTES - $95 
60 MINUTES - $170 

OUTCALLS ONLY TO CBD HOTELS - $200 

I really look forward to meeting you today with not just a massage but an experience to remember. 

Tiana x 0452594095

There's clearly significant investigative work to be done!


Floor: #8
Post Time: 13th February 2012, 11:59 PM
Poster ID: Bracket
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by Bracket


... To further confuse the issue an ad appeared today for Tiana, also in a similar vein, but again with differences.

...

There's clearly significant investigative work to be done
"""



Well, I've now undertaken investigative work, and can report back that Sienna has indeed morphed to Tiana, whom I've reviewed here : http://auxxxreviews.com/forum/f100/t...4-095-a-11434/


