Floor: #1
Post Time: 6th February 2018, 08:38 PM
Poster ID: mrcooldude
Post Title: 
 Smiley Riley -  Newcastle/Sydney/Touring - 0491 034 783
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Riley

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : January 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Smiley Riley touring central coast 5th feb- 8th feb - Newcastle body rubs - cracker.com.au

Hours of Business : Unsure but at least as late as 9:30pm

Rates : $140/30mins

Age : 27

Size/shape : Curvy

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : Erotic Massage, and reportedly oral (although I did not explore this)

Value for money/recommend? : A reasonable experience

My experience/comments : 

I must admit this is not my first review, I just took a bit of a sabbatical and now find myself a new member again. 

I found Riley on cracker and found it easy to set up a meeting with her via a fairly prompt SMS exchange. She works out of slightly old property in the CBD with possibly one other girl (or a very accomodating housemate). I'm sure the photos really are her but they certainly portray her in the best possible light. The woman that answered the door was certainly curvy, possibly even heavy set (think size 12-14) and a little bit darker than the photos would suggest. 

She took her underwear (not lingerie) off and provided a reasonable body rub. Unfortunately, it was on a bed and there wasn't a lot of dirty talk or teasing. Things improved on turning over though and Riley was a fair bit more adept at the final act. She also seemed to relax a little bit more after the 'massage' was done and we spent a few minutes making small talk about our plans for the evening. 

All in all, probably par for Newcastle but pales in comparison to what is on offer in Melbourne and Sydney.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 6th March 2018, 01:26 PM
Poster ID: vikgill90
Post Title: 
 Smiley Riley Touring Now North Sydney
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Riley

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 6/3/18

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Smiley Riley Touring Now North Sydney - Sydney body rubs - backpage.com.au

Hours of Business : 10am onwards

Rates : Full body erotic massage
Sensual and seductive, full of slippery body slides, every part of your  body will be adored and caressed. I will slowly build up the erotic  tension and then lead you a truly fulfilling climax.

30 mins- $150
1hr- $230
1.5hrs- $350

Extras $50 Deep throat, Mutual, Spanish, prostrate massage, torture and  more please send through requests that i have not mentioned

Sensual and/or Deep Tissue Massage
For those who love massage and sensuality but don't need the erotic  ending. It's hard to find a good massage from a qualified masseuse who  won't slap you if your towel turns into a tent when she's rubbing your  upper legs! Unless you want me to, I won't slap you, in fact I encourage  you to allow your body to do what it needs- no judgement. With me,  you've found yourself a qualified remedial massage therapist who can  provide something a little more special and intimate than a regular  masseuse and just as therapeutic. 

30mins:$80
1hr:$140
1.5hrs:$220

Age : 20s

Size/shape : BBW

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : Massage and FS

Value for money/recommend? : No

My experience/comments : OK, so my booking at Bellevue 5 star got cancelled as the lady cancelled for the day. On a whim, I made contact with Riley, she was free within 1 hour hosting in Cammeray. Refused to send me any pics to 'protect her privacy'; so I was a little suss. Anyway, the location was a house; I've always had bad experiences when visiting houses..not sure why. Walked in as the door was open and two girls peeped from above the staircase, first impressions were bad. Riley had a lot of scar marks on the left side, assuming it was a liposuction as I'm not sure what else can leave those deep scars, burns maybe? That was a big put off, also was not true to the pics at all. So, I managed to reduce the booking to 30 mins and saved myself $80 off the original $230 booking. Next, the bedroom was clean but she forgot to get the oil. Now, I'm not sure if anyone has had rice bran oil applied copiously for a massage, for a while I though I was going to be fried! 

Gave me a few perfunctory body slides, wasn't enjoyable at all, the massage was really good, hard and firm, released some knots. Maybe I should have opted for the 'non-erotic' version! Then she moved my hand to me cock and encouraged me to jerk off, whilst proceeding to take my left hand and rub her clit. I so wanted to get out of the place that I came in 5 minutes flat. Avoid!!


