Thread Title: Sofia - Parramatta - 0420 610 933
Floor: #1
Post Time: 1st November 2017, 05:47 PM
Poster ID: james31
Post Title: 
 Sofia - Parramatta - 0420 610 933
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sofia


Establishment : Private Apartment Parramatta 


Date of Visit : 31-10-17


Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0420610933

Sensual Asian Nuru massage in PARRAMATTA - Private & Discreet - Cool Comfortable Apt - Sydney body rubs - cracker.com.au


Hours of Business : 10am -10pm


Rates : $200 1 Hour Nuru massage


Age :  Claims to be 27, I think a little older



Size/shape : On the chunkier size, quite short, Ok looks - I don't believe she matches the pics in the ad



Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese



Services Provided : Massage, Nuru gel, HJ, CBJ, FS is on offer 



Value for money/recommend? : Not for me


My experience/comments : I have been spending way too much time at my favourite RnT joint where everything is on offer and so I wanted to try something a little different, having seen some videos of Nuru massage and with the added bonus of a CBJ to finish and a "twin view" table which I have never tried before plus some prostate massage my hopes were high for a new experience but what followed left me a little underwhelmed.

Sofia works out of a nice modern clean apartment near Parra railway station , on first meeting I am thinking to myself " wow you sure looked slimmer in the ad", maybe it is the same girl but I don't believe so, she was pleasant enough to look at but no stunner.  When she had her clothes off she had a bit of a pot belly and sagging tits, I had hoped for better.

Anyway onto the double holed table which is really just an extra hole where your cock hangs down and it is big enough to fit hands through to give you a good rub, it has a mirrored base to I guess provide the extra stimulation of seeing your cock hanging and her hands working their way down to play with your balls and cock , not for me though  it did not really do much for me in fact I found the freedom a bit disconcerting having been used to my donger being squashed by my body on a normal table and where any body movement normally stimulates your cock I found the freeballing of this table had the opposite effect for me, maybe others will like it.

The massage itself was pretty ordinary and having never experience NURU gel I am not even sure that's what she was using, I did expect to be covered by the stuff and for her body to body to provide a sublime experience sliding over me but I found that the gel ( whatever it was ) was minimal and the body slide very average, admittedly she did spend a lot of time rubbing my arse and balls and reaching around to my cock and there were times of enjoying the teasing and there was a lot more of this than you normally ever get in a normal RnT because your cock is hidden under your body so at times I would get stimulated but the feeling passed and I found myself drifting off and just looking forward to the turn over.

The ad mentions Prostate massage but there was definitely none of that , which was a downer.

At the flip she pretty quickly whips on a dom and what follows is a respectable CBJ, at this point I asked if FS was on the cards and she said yes for another $100 and this for me was just over the top so I declined.  Having gotten the works at my aforementioned RnT joint for only $150 with some spectacular at times body to body massage there was no way I was going to spend more on top of the $200 already paid.

Anyway I had to get her to wank me off because I was losing interest, the CBJ was good but was not going to get me over the line.

All up for me it was disappointing on many levels, I suspect that YMMV and for some they will enjoy the double holed table but the reality did not meet my expectations so I would have to give this punt a 5/10.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 24th September 2018, 07:57 AM
Poster ID: tryhardaussie
Post Title: 
 Sofia - Parramatta Nuru - 0420 610 933
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sofia 

Establishment : Private 

Date of Visit : September 

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://sydney.locanto.com.au/ID_256...u-Massage.html
Phone :0420610933 
Hours of Business : 10-10

Rates : $200 P/H 

Age : advertises as 27 I reckon 35 

Size/shape : Untoned 10 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese HK 

Services Provided : Nuru HJ CBJ 

Value for money/recommend? : Meh 

My experience/comments : Always wanted to try a Nuru massage and was in Sydney for the week so I arranged a meet late one afternoon and arrived at the appointed time.
Parking around is difficult but you can park underneath the secured apartment, just arrange via text.
Up the lift and into the room Sofia was not as attractive as I had imagined but on reflection it is her in the ads they are just softened with photoshop. 
Showered first then onto a table with 2 holes, this was a first for me.
Sofia strips straight away and reveal an average body with a wisp of hair and c-d cups.
SOP as follows 
Overall massage that was just ok but plenty of tackle tickle that was interesting because you are looking down at your cock as there is a full length mirror underneath. Her handling of the crown jewels is very competent.
Then she slides underneath the table and as you gaze on her snatch she is massaging your cock and nuts. Unless you have very long arms you cant reach her snatch but I did by putting my arm through the face hole. 
She follows up with a warm Nuru gel massage which is part bodyslide.
Then a CBJ which is just ok.

When I review it like this it is value for money but it lacked enthusiasm and was mechanical which made it more Meh for me. 
WIR No but happy to have tried the gel


Floor: #3
Post Time: 25th September 2018, 07:31 AM
Poster ID: tryhardaussie
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I originally posted this as a new thread and Stoker kindly shifted it.

TBH if I had seen the post from James31 before I went I wouldn't have gone. 

It shows the value of the forum though.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 18th December 2018, 01:51 AM
Poster ID: roboccoc
Post Title: 
 Sofia - Parramatta - 0420610933
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sofia

Establishment : Private apartment

Date of Visit : December 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 

Private apartment located in Macahrtur St, Parramatta. About 15 min walking from train station.

https://sydney.locanto.com.au/ID_256...u-Massage.html

Phone : 0420610933

Hours of Business : 10AM - 10PM 

Rates : 60 minutes - 200

Age : 27

Size/shape : tiny, big boobs (great job in the massage)

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Nuru Massage, oral finished

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : Continuing with my search in the nuru massage, this time try Sofia. I booked a session prior an hour by sms, she gives me the directions, and arrived in a new apartment in parramatta in a residential place. She looks less fitness than the pictures publicated in her ad but has a good pair of boobs and kinky attitude (positive points). The massage was good, and make you feel comfortable asking the way and intensity (harder or softer) pressure on your body. She was combining a professional massage with kinky touchs in the engine to turn you on. The nuru part was really good, she plays with her tits over your back and with authentic gel nuru, very nice sensation. The magic words saids an the intersting things begins, she play very well with her boobs making you a russian ( I don't know if this terms its ok, but when a girl rubs her tits with your tool). I like the way she builds the climax playing with balls, and when I was in fire, she kills me with a very skilled covered oral.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 24th January 2019, 03:49 PM
Poster ID: Poser
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sofia

Establishment : Private apartment

Date of Visit : 2nd week of Jan 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 

Private apartment located in Macahrtur St, Parramatta. Plenty of free parking in the side streets.

Phone : 0420610933

Hours of Business : 10AM - 10PM 

Rates : 60 minutes - 200

Age : late 20s

Size/shape : short about 140 ish, c cups boobs,

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Nuru Massage, oral, hj

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : 

I had seen Sofia in the past when she was in the city and now she's in Parramatta. Contact was easy and booking made via sms. She gave me her address and called her when I was outside. 

Finances dealt with, a quick shower and then face down on the two holes massage table. Massage was good and good pressure with stroking of the balls through the 2nd hole. 

The nuru part was really good. She rubs her boobs over your back. The visualise  continued on the flip. On with the cbj and plenty ball playing while I played with her boobs. It wasn't long before I came.

A nice massage of the hands before showering. Overall, a nice massage and good experience. Will return.


