Thread Title: Soki - Parramatta - 0450 780 756‬
Floor: #1
Post Time: 18th July 2019, 08:26 PM
Poster ID: 617harry
Post Title: 
 Soki - Parramatta - 0450 780 756‬
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Soki

Establishment : Private Unit Parramatta

Date of Visit : Saturday 15 June 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://m.locanto.com.au/sydney/ID_3...rom-Nepal.html

Phone : .0450 780 756‬

Hours of Business : 24/7 

Rates : $140 for 30 minutes
           $240 for 60 minutes 

Age : ad says 20 Soki has told me 22

Size/shape : size 6

Nationality or Ethnicity : Nepalese

Services Provided : BBBJ GFE

Value for money/recommend? : I regularly visit her

My experience/comments : Soki is a girl who ticks many of my boxes, she is always keen to please and dress how I desire. I particularly like tiny Asian girls in short skirts, off the should tops, high heels and no underwear. Typically this is how Soki greets me when I arrive. She has a cute smile but when she pours she looks so much older. When she pouts I often receive a very rough experience but when I treat her right and take it slow and build up the appropriate sexual tension I often have returned a very loving Girl Froend Experience. 

When I arrived on this particular night, she was wearing new heels, short white pleated skirt and a lemon yellow blouse, her hair was out and she wore dark glasses, you know the large lens over the top Audrey Hepburn sort of things. When her glasses came off I could see she had had some cosmetic surgery and  her eyes were a little puffy, still she was eager to see to my comfort as I commented on her beautiful eyes. Soki directed me to shower and joined me quickly to ensure my wedding tackle was cleaned to her satisfaction, post shower she toweled me down, popped her heels back on and lead me to bed, I popped down on the bed and Soki immediately had me in her mouth. I like a girl who does full service but mostly I prefer a BBBJ service only. I love a long slow BBBJ and Soki didn't fail to please me. I love it when she keeps her heels on for the service, and she did for our 30 minutes together this time. I finished with cim and Soki quietly disposed of this as I was offered another shower.

Soki allowed me to finish my shower in peace, before our session was at an end and with a quick kiss I was out the door afterwards.

cheers
harry

(Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)


