Thread Title: Sophie -  Bondi - 0401 876 638
Floor: #1
Post Time: 29th August 2016, 12:42 PM
Poster ID: pharqueme
Post Title: 
 Sophie -  Bondi - 0401 876 638
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sophie

Establishment : Private massage lady

Date(s) of Visit : 29/08/16

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0401 876 638
Sensual Blonde size 8 with Natural DD - Sophie - Sydney body rubs - backpage.com

Rates : $200/60

Age : 20's

Size/shape : Blonde, slim, natural boobs.

Nationality or Ethnicity : British

Services Provided : Massage/ B2B/ handjob

Value for money/recommend : No


This British Babe has been advertising for about a month. Contact is via SMS only (see her ad).

She works from ma private unit in Bondi and her pics are accurate. The unit is clean with good shower and an ample pump soap bottle. Clean fresh towels for shower before and after.

She admits she is inexperienced but the massage was quite good, however, it lacked any sensuality with only brief tackle tickle just before roll over. The massage is done in bra & panties until the bra comes of for the B2B. She allows touching of her breasts but no kissing, licking or sucking. The panties NEVER come off.

Quite a good tug technique. She gets up on the table between your legs and leans over allowing touching and didn't seem troubled when I blew partially on her tits (although she prefers if you don't).

I gave her some "customer feedback" afterwards and suggested that for $200 nude, more sensuality and touching other areas should be on the menu. She abruptly said that nude was never going to happen and made some excuse about the lack of TT saying she had just had her nails done.

An attractive young inexperienced girl charging top dollar for RnT but falling short.

Will not return. Jeri Ryan is much much better value.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 20th September 2016, 09:24 AM
Poster ID: MattC
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Went to see Sophie last week, while her pics are real, I was expecting a much taller girl!

She's only about 5' 2" and quite stocky. Cute face though and a nice large pair of natural breasts. 

Found her nice enough and quite chatty, she's backpacking from the UK (Surrey) and will be here til Jan. 

Massage was nothing to write home about, though she did do some tackle tickle and you can't complain about bodyslides with big boobs. Upon turning over after a bit of a massage she did bend over me over me so I could lick her breasts and suck her nipples (I did ask her about this before though, maybe she doesn't let everyone) and while the panties remained on I was feeling her round ass and a bit between the legs. 

Then she sat between my legs and did some front bodyslide and rubbed my cock between her breasts (always great) and got me off with my cock in one hand and the other hand rubbing her nipple around the head of my cock - which was something new lol, her handjob technique was also better than average, slow and got out every last drop. 

So all in all not too bad, especially since she didn't have change so I got the 30 min massage for $100 rather than $120 and she's a pleasant girl. 

Biggest issue was that she doesn't remove her panties, though she told me via SMS sometime ago that she lets her regulars touch down there so maybe if you see her a few times that becomes available. 

I'd probably go see her again (even if she didn't take her panties off) if she wasn't so short and stocky (as I prefer taller, slim girls) she has a pretty face though, great tits and is good value for a caucasian massage girl.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 20th September 2016, 05:37 PM
Poster ID: WOTAN01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by MattC


Went to see Sophie last week, while her pics are real, I was expecting a much taller girl!
..................................................  .................

I'd probably go see her again (even if she didn't take her panties off) if she wasn't so short and stocky (as I prefer taller, slim girls) she has a pretty face though, great tits and is good value for a caucasian massage girl
"""



What a pity you do not write these sessions up as complying reviews like you used to using the template.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 20th September 2016, 10:05 PM
Poster ID: MattC
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Well the details are the same as the review just above my post. Don't see how copying all of that helps (unless you're reviewing a new girl or one that hasn't been reviewed in a while and whose details might have changed).


Floor: #5
Post Time: 21st September 2016, 07:16 AM
Poster ID: nextlif
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by MattC


Well the details are the same as the review just above my post. Don't see how copying all of that helps (unless you're reviewing a new girl or one that hasn't been reviewed in a while and whose details might have changed)
"""



Looks like you dont bother using the template at all anymore. Your last review was in March and that is your only review this year. In the last 12 months you only have 4. It is a condition of your free membership that as a Silver member you post 4 template reviews every 6 months. If you want to stay here you're probably wise to take Wotan010's advice.


