Thread Title: St Mary's - 0449 041 749
Floor: #1
Post Time: 16th February 2011, 04:09 PM
Poster ID: Farquar
Post Title: 
 St Mary's - 0449 041 749
				
Post Content: 
RnT Only
$80 for 1/2hr
$150 for 1 Hr

Do not go if you like a younger woman.
Do not go if you like clean premises.
Do not go if you don't like clock watchers.
Do not go if you like a slim lady.
Do not go if you like small breasts.
Do not go if you like black hair, brunette hair or blonde hair.

Do go if you do not like all of the above.

You have to forgive me I didn't get her name.  I was perplexed upon entering, probably having a brain explosion trying to work out how I was going to get out of this place as fast as I could but then I had a change a mind and thought what the heck.  I think I wanted out for all of the above and the fact that I was paying $80 for the experience.

She was pleasant enough and I thought with my head buried in the massage table I would be able to imagine I was with someone much more to my liking.  She provided a half descent massage but there wasn't much B2B except for just before roll over time when she oiled those mellons and slid them over my back.

Time to roll over and little Iso didn't want to play at first but came to the party after a little playing around.  Usually I can find something nice about the lady I am with and focus on that to get me across the line.  Really when you have gone through the whole list and end up with nothing you know it's gonna be a long hard road and I have never had to get myself across the line but was this going to be the first?

A little grapple with the butt didn't work.  Felt more like my current car looks after the hail storm a few months back.  Maybe she will let me try the front?  Nope, none of that was on the cards.  Ok time for the melons, big soft and the nipples were getting erect.  Ok that will probably do it for me now so here we go.  

A few minutes later I'm feeling much better about getting to the line.  That was until she said "time is almost up, you need to cum now".  Well I think to myself "you have just made it so much harder again now".  A few more minutes in and I'm trying with all my might and she says "if you don't come now you will have to pay for the next segment".  Well to myself I say "like fuck I am you already ripping me off and and maybe you should have rolled me over earlier to get the job done".  With even more of my might (no way was I paying for anymore of this) I managed to finally get there.  "no time for a shower" she says, much to my delight as I just wanted to get the fuck out of there.  I hope she was going to change the massage table towels as I wiped all the moisturiser off and the left over cum off my cock with them but left them in place.

I knew it was going to be a bad experience but sometimes you just have to do it.

Iso


Floor: #2
Post Time: 17th February 2011, 07:02 AM
Poster ID: the wizard777
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Iso. You have brought back bad memories for me. I saw this lady late January when I got back from holidays. I did not report the experience as I am still trying to block it out of my mind. Everything you said is spot on. She is not very attractive, larger lady, the massage is OK at best and like you I had to try and think of something else to get me over the line. The premises are a mess and I swear I heard someone snoring in another room.

The worst part is I saw this same lady several years ago at Brighton. When I phoned her in January something sounded familiar and the alarm bells should have been ringing but the little head took over (as usual).

Definitely one to avoid and at $80 1/2 hour is way overpriced.


