Floor: #1
Post Time: 14th February 2018, 04:15 PM
Poster ID: asprek
Post Title: 
 Stella - Lindfield/Artarmon -  0435 775 631
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Stella

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 14/02/2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : ?? ??? Private spa and massage with sweet , pretty, sexy girl ??? - Sydney body rubs - backpage.com.au - 0435775631

Hours of Business : Check with ML - (after hours/day off at her place in Lindfield, when she works at the Artarmon shop, it would be at the shop)

Rates : $190/90 minutes + $50 for nude and HJ

Age : 20's

Size/shape : slim/petite, small but ample breasts

Nationality or Ethnicity : Vietnamese

Services Provided : RnT (supposedly also with body scrub + facial as advertised)

Value for money/recommend? : Definitely 

My experience/comments : 

Booking : Smooth - sent her a very late text message the day before which she  quickly replied. A few texts exchanged and a morning booking  for the  $190/90 minutes session was made. I was lucky enough to get a booking at  her place as I prefer private RnT.

 Place : Lights off - dimmed red light for mood.

 Session : 

 Started off with a quick shower and went in straight to the bathtub -  she did then mention me that there is actually an extra $50 for the  nude+HJ on top of the $190. Was taken aback for a second but quickly  agreed. A second later she joined me in the bathtub fully nude and  started to gently massage me while facing each other. She definitely had  a slim and petite figure and small but ample breasts. After a brief  moment of awkward silence we did start to chat and the time just goes  like that. When I mentioned about the body scrub and facial, she seemed  to be a bit puzzled. It looks like you do need to confirm with her  before the appointment that you want those on the menu (even though it  was advertised) as she might have thought that I only booked for the  massage.

 After a while, we dry ourselves out and on into the massage table  where she gave a decent massage on my back. Flip over and there goes she  works with my cock. I was only allowed to touch her up there and down  there is for viewing only. Here is the fun part - when I play with her  left nipple, she did give out soft moans - don't know whether it was  real or faked but surely timed   Unfortunately my lil'bro had a bad day and it did not seem to want to  nut,  Stella patiently keeps on trying multiple positions, kissing my  neck and ears, until I pretty much run out stamina and gave up (me, not  her!).

 Unfortunately, the time has way past and no body rub the day. Session  was ended with her giving me a shower and me being very very happy, nut or no nut.

 TLDR - A very cute and bubbly lady, pretty good with conversation,  unhurried, works hard to make you happy.  Totally recommended!


Floor: #2
Post Time: 21st February 2018, 01:39 AM
Poster ID: artfldodger
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I saw Stella at her unit in Lynnfield. Nice girl with a friendly attitude. Bit too thin for my liking but she is very pleasant.. I requested to jump on the bed instead of massage table for a cuddle and she obliged. She gave me a nice HJ while giving me a prostrate massage. It was kinad painful though... I asked her if she would do FS and she said yes with a shy smile... it was cute.. Will try next time.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 21st February 2018, 07:05 AM
Poster ID: Whatakonk
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
More info or detail would helpful.
How long did you book.
How much was the RnT .
What does she charge for FS.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 26th February 2018, 01:32 AM
Poster ID: artfldodger
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
sorry... I paid $90 for 30 mins RnT.. I didn't ask how much she charges for FS. Its something she doesn't offer normally.. I get the feeling she would if she likes the person..


