Thread Title: Strong Healing Hands - Wollongong - 0406 576 289
Floor: #1
Post Time: 22nd July 2013, 11:05 AM
Poster ID: Hot_kp
Post Title: 
 Strong Healing Hands - Wollongong - 0406 576 289
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Ms NoName (I was so in shock I forgot to ask)

Establishment :  Private

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 
Advertises in the Illawarra Mercury - 0406 576 289

Hours of Business : didn't ask

Date of visit : 18th July  2013 

Rates : $90/half hr

Age : Late 40's maybe in early 50's. Ad says 45. 

Size/shape: size 18 at least. Long fair curly hair with enormous DD boobs.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : Somewhere between a 'proper' massage and and an erotic one with a half hearted and aborted HJ

Value for money/recommend? : NFW

My experience/comments : Omg. What can I say. If you don't like cats, the smell of cat piss, cat shit in the bathroom or anything to do with cats  I wouldn't go here. The place including the neighborhood was a dump and I should have walked but I didn't. I got naked and on the table hoping I'd get used to the smell. She came in the room naked - huge boobs. Good start but that was it. She started in with her massage which had hints that she may actually know how to do this. I asked for a hard massage but she said there isn't enough time to do it properly and I'd actually paid for her 'sensual' massage. So she did an in between type of thing with a bit of crack and sack stroking. One of the cats joined me on the table and I thought fuck this gonna get a bit kinky, but thankfully she shooed it off before it used its claws on my sack. On flip over she proceeded to pummel little kp so hard it made me wish the cat was back and use its claws instead.  No touching of any type and she is very stern about this and made me feel very uncomfortable. When little kp wasn't behaving to plan she just stopped and said this is a waste of time to keep going and it would have been better had I just paid for a 'normal' massage. I was covered in Creme and at least she had the decency to offer the shower but first had to clean the cat shit out so I declined and got the hell outta there and had a shower at home. 

I hate being so negative but FMD I can't believe I went through with this. 

The (subjective) Kp score:

Looks: 5/10

Body: 5/10

Service: 3/10

Premises: 2/10

WIR: No chance


Floor: #2
Post Time: 22nd July 2013, 12:01 PM
Poster ID: seeking85
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I visited this lady a few months ago - as soon as I entered I did the 'checked the pockets, forgot wallet in car trick'. I honestly didn;t think she would last very long, but must be getting business if still going. that place made me sick, so sick i couldn't even find the courage or sanity to try anyone else that day. 
overall score =  -50/10 (negative 50), can you score negatives?


Floor: #3
Post Time: 22nd July 2013, 03:06 PM
Poster ID: Hot_kp
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Yea fuck. I don't know why I didn't walk. I should have just started sneezing and blaming a cat allergy. She did ask if I was allergic. 

I'm still traumatized.


