Thread Title: Sue, MLC - Asquith -  0402 354 411
Floor: #1
Post Time: 12th October 2014, 11:55 AM
Poster ID: Thatagirl
Post Title: 
 Sue, MLC - Asquith -  0402 354 411
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Sue
Establishment : Private
Date of Visit :  8 Oct 14 Tues
Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0402 354 411 /Hornsby-Call for details/Hornsby Advocate Class
Hours of Business : 9-5, M-Friday
Rates :  60 hour, +
Age :   40-45
Size/shape : 157cm, medium build, a cup 
Nationality or Ethnicity : ML Chinese 
Services Provided : RM, nude b2b
Value for money; Good for me
Was in the northern suburbs up in Hornsby way last Tuesday and saw an ad for private RM just north of Hornsby in Asquith. Made an appointment, got the address and rocked up around lunch time to a private house in a suburban neighbourhood about 5 minutes up the Pac Highway north of Hornsby. On arrival I call and she tells me she will open the gate (it is for your car to drive  in the private driveway, so off street parking available for the security conscious). Inside I was met by Sue, a ML Chinese (Guangzhou) lady, doing private massage out of her leased house in Asquith. She is 40ish, with a pleasant face and decent build, She does the massage in the small sauna house behind the house.  She only takes appointments  M_F, from 9-5, so perhaps a house wife and/or mom from the look of family shoes around. 

Sue did more  of  a remedial style rather than sensual massage, but I never really doubted that the ending would be happy. There was not a lot of TT, but shortly after the flip, she offered the HE, then she asked me if I wanted it with the clothes off. OK, I asked if we could do more, but no, no, and I'm guessing there's low possibility of FS ever. She stripped and looked ok, with smallish A naturals and some loose belly paunch birthing skin. Still pretty workable for me. Once to work as she was naked standing next to the massage table, which for me is kinda lame,  but then she got a little more service oriented and started sucking on my nipples, which is still not quite my thing. So, I instead asked her to get on top of the table with me, which usually makes things more intimate. 
She jumped up on the table enthusiastically, and then got on top of me, laying flat face to face. Since my cock was already lubed  up, she reached down and put me between her legs, closed her legs, and then she started having a kind of simulated sex with me. The action was her athletically bouncing on top of me with my cock between her legs. Her initiative. She pumped hard and fast and it appeared as if she would tire quickly.  So being a considerate gent, I got her to lie on her back on the table and I fucked the crack of her ass. She kept her legs closed and respecting her limits, I enjoyed the whole  thing. All pretty good fun in lieu of the real thing and nice way to end the massage. We did not agree on prices before we started, but when I struggled with what I thought would be appropriate change she handed back  my extra cash and happily accepted 90 total. I thought that was a pretty righteous price for the extras after a good massage.  One downside that gets up my nose was she took 2 calls during the massage. She has a friend who works there (I think substitutes for her) on Friday. I would go back if in the area and it was convenient.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 24th January 2015, 05:23 PM
Poster ID: BrianB
Post Title: 
 Sue- Asquith 0402 354 411
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sue

Establishment : Private massage

Date of Visit : Dec 2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0402 354 411

Hours of Business : 9 to 5 weekdays (but may be flexible if asked.)

Rates : I paid $100 for 1 hour nude and B to B

Age : Probably early 40s

Size/shape : Guess 6 ot 7, small breasts, slightly slack stomach

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Massage, Body to body, HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : This is a private house in a battleaxe block in Asquith.  Call ahead and she will open the gate at the top of the driveway.  The add is in the "ethical" massage section, so you may have to haggle a little for the extras, but I charmed my way in.  The massage is on a proper table in a nice "Norwegian Wood" sauna cabana, and maybe you could book a sauna too!  She is not a looker, and does not dress sexy, but the service is good, and speaks quite good English.  Massage quality is OK, but I asked for soft, so if you like your muscles pounded your experience may be different.  Tries hard to please.  As is common, she does answer the phone in the session, but keeps one hand on the job.

She was dressed in a simple shift, non-sexy.  Started with negotiations  on what service, and happily accepted to do a nude body slide.  Like I  said, must have been my charm.  She stripped right at the start, and did  a good massage, with lots of strokes down my back.  Lying face down on  the table I was able to reach up and massage her butt and slide my hands  for some light caresses of her unshaven pussy.  On the turnover she  popped on top for a slide with oil.  Finished with a hand job.  Shower  was offered and taken in the sauna.  

Her younger sister does the Friday session, and Sue recommends her.  I think the rate goes up for a younger lady, but I get the impression that the rate varies according to how busy she is.

IMHO good value for a private  operator.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 30th March 2015, 02:24 PM
Poster ID: BrianB
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jo-Jo

Establishment : Private Asquith

Date of Visit : Late March 2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :  0402 354 411

Hours of Business : 9-5 Friday only

Rates : $120/hr

Age : 35

Size/shape : Guess size 8, solidly built, but with nice curves, B cups.

Nationality or Ethnicity : PRC Shanghai

Services Provided : B2B, CBJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes/Yes


My experience/comments : Sue highly recommended her younger sister JoJo, so I had to give her a try.  Comparing sisters is always fun, however, there was no physical resemblance.  JoJo only works Fridays, so I guess she has a day job.
She was dressed in a simple shift, but it was more sexy than Sue.  Very giggly at the beginning, like she was being a naughty little girl  Started nicely by straddling my leg and rubbing herself on it whilst giggling away.  Stripped quickly to reveal a pleasantly curved little body, and was happy to allow touching, but was very ticklish when it came to sucking the nipples.  More giggling!   The body slide was good, especially as her bottom is bigger and more rounded than her sister, not that I would complain about Sue's.  Finale was a good CBJ with lots of touching which she seemed to enjoy.  The balance of the hour was a pleasant medium massage.  Certainly recommend her, only problem being that you have to make it a Friday.


