Thread Title: Tai - Newcastle - 0423 520 110
Floor: #1
Post Time: 2nd May 2019, 08:37 AM
Poster ID: Driven2Punt
Post Title: 
 Tai - Newcastle - 0423 520 110
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Tai

Establishment : Private home

Date of Visit : 10/4/19

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Locanto,  search ads from Tai9er, Sensual Massage And  BJ

Phone :0423520110

Hours of Business : Week days 930am to 215pm, no weekends or school holidays

Rates : $160 for 1 hr 

Age : 37

Size/shape : Skinny size 6-8, 165cm tall

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : Massage and BJ

Value for money/recommend? : Not great value in my opinion, but yes to recommend if this experience is your type.

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)
Found Tai's ads a few times on Locanto and called her up.
She answered and gave a clear detail of her service 
She sent a pic from neck down nude and side on.
She sounded great so booked for 2 days time
When I was close to her place I texted her to get the house number. On arrival she promptly met me at the front door which was away from the road and I was welcomed in.
On first sight I was a little disappointed to be honest.
She appeared to have made no effort to present herself.
Hair messy no make up plain sports tights and loose singlet with no bra.
Could see tiny boobs through the singlet, but she had a happy smile so I was reassured.
Exchanged money and told to strip and lie on the bed.
Her massage was about 45 minutes.
She has no massage skills at all. It was all soft hand sliding and chat.
She is educated and smart and we got on well.
At times she was just talking with her hand motionless on my back =  Boring.
She lacked tackle tickle and tease which I find the best part of any massage right.
Any way on the flip she went straight to slow HJ to harden me up then straight to BBBJ
It was slow and mechanical. No eye contact or sexy moves just up and down.
After  a few minutes she got more into it but I think it was all to get me off asap.
She times it well and removed her head just in time to avoid any fluids.
So then it was clean up, more chat, get dressed and out the door.
She never got naked and I didn't ask her to.
She was too skinny for me. She took her top off on the flip and remained at arms length.
She told me she isn't interested in giving her body sensually to a man unless it is meaningful.
I wasn't attracted to her so that was my issue, also the massage was not good, due to no skills and no tease.
So that's it for my first review here. 
She may be your type.
She is a mum and works around school hours so that may be your thing also?
Anyway have fun
D2P


Floor: #2
Post Time: 28th July 2019, 10:07 PM
Poster ID: dean_milll
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Tai

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : May

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 

Phone :0423520110

Hours of Business : 9-2

Rates : 

Age : $160

Size/shape : Slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : Massage /BBFD

Value for money/recommend? : No

My experience/comments : It was really hard to organise appointment as she seems to have issues with her phone.
Arrived at her house was taken into a  dark room with some weird music in the background which did not set the mood, She showed off her pet snake.
I got naked and the massage was non existent she literally ran her fingers up and down my back while talking about her younger nomadic lifestyle and the hippy parties she attended.She used coconut oil which made me smell like an Anzac Biscuit. I felt as if she was just killing time with the small talk. There was no body contact apart from her hands.
The last 10 minutes she got me to roll over then proceeded to give a nice BBBJ, i came but she did not take my load. I was given toilet paper to wipe myself with.
Overall very ordinary service only decent thing was the BBBJ


