Thread Title: Talia - visiting upper north shore - 0434 159 421
Floor: #1
Post Time: 22nd January 2019, 04:21 PM
Poster ID: paunchy
Post Title: 
 Talia - visiting upper north shore - 0434 159 421
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Talia

Establishment: Mobile massage

Date of Visit : Saturday 19 January, 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Telephone 0434 159 421:  no website; online advertisement in Gumtree https://www.gumtree.com.au/s-ad/sydn...age/1206910408

Hours of Business : 1200-2100, Mon-Fri, 1630-2200 Sat, 1700-2200 Sun.

Rates : $200 for 60 minute erotic massage, done clothed.

Age : Mid-30s, judging by her appearance and her comment that she had been brought to Australia as a teenager by her mother, and had been here for 20 years.

Size/shape : Typical East European body, very solid, large bust, black hair, pretty round face.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian of Ukrainian origin.

 Services Provided : Erotic clothed massage with prolonged edging

Value for money/recommend? : From my point of view the price of $200 for a one-hour massage with a happy end was very good value for money, even though it was performed fully clothed, because of the very erotic way she massaged my whole body.  That price was similar to that charged by Danielle of Kellyville for the same sort of massage, a very erotic pampering done fully clothed.  I have no hesitation in recommending Talia's service to those forum members who like me are not wanting a very raunchy highly sexualised body rub, but rather a very erotic pampering with prolonged edging of the penis.

 My experience/comments:

I had seen Talia's advertisement on Gumtree and was drawn to it, even though the lengthy description of her service emphasised its therapeutic nature, with references to cupping, facials, waxing, sports massage etc.  Certain elements in the wording suggested that something more erotic might be on offer, eg the reference to "complete relaxation", and to the whole body being massaged, so I plucked up the courage to make an enquiry.

I sent my first text early in December last year, a non-committal enquiry saying that I might be interested in a full-body massage, and asking whether she would able to come to my place of residence on the Upper North Shore. She replied that she would not be starting her mobile serve until the middle of the month. I texted her after the date she had given, to again enquire whether she could come to my address; she replied that she could, and quoted a price of $120 (she would be coming from the CBD).  A bit of text pingpong then ensued, the outcome of which was that she would be able to a 7:30 PM appointment, once I had decided on a suitable date.

 The very day I received a text from her out of the blue which gave me pause for thought. She wrote that she had forgotten to ask me what sort of massage I wanted, and rattled off a few very therapeutic-sounding options, eg whether I had any bone or muscle problems, whether she could use different healing oils for my skin. That made me wonder whether her service was entirely non-sexual, so I replied non-committally that I wanted a full-body massage for complete relaxation, and that I did not have many bone or muscle problems.  She texted back "no problem" and enjoined me to let her know when I had decided on a date. That still left the nature of her service somewhat up in the air, since as we all know the term "full body" is often applied to strictly non-sexual massages.

However, it was now time for me to go off on my holiday to India.  It is a fascinating place, and well worth a visit, particularly if you are keen to have close encounters with very large but entirely friendly brahmin bulls with long horns. On my return in the middle of this month I resolved to make a booking with Talia, if only to see what sort of service she offered.  So I texted her, referring to our previous exchange, and asked if she could come the next day at 7:30.  This time I was more direct, and stated up front that I wanted a soft sensual massage to my whole body.  She replied that she could not come until 8:00-8:30, (which actually suited me better, as all the nosey old tongue-wagging ladies who live in my retirement village would be in bed by then), and asked for directions.  She nominated a price of $100 for one hour, or $150 with a happy end, so it was clear that she had got the message about my nefarious desires.

Almost immediately a series of texts arrived from her which somewhat alarmed me.  The first stated that if I wanted a sensual massage including my penis the cost would be $150; so far so good, since that was what she had already quoted.  However, a minute later a second text arrived, stating that if by sensual massage I meant an erotic massage, with her massaging my penis for the whole hour, the cost would be $200 for the hour.  Whaaaaa? Such a massive price inflation over just a few minutes. I was left wondering whether Talia was actually a therapeutic masseuse who did not normally do this sort of service, but having been presented with a request for it was quickly seizing the opportunity to screw as much money of me as possible.

For a moment I hesitated, wondering whether to cancel, fearing that the price might rise even further on her arrival.  However, I recalled that Danielle at Kellyville had also charged $200 for one hour of clothed erotic massage, and her treatment of my penis had been marvellous, so I resolved to go ahead and see what eventuated. And it turned out that I made exactly the right decision, since her massage of my penis was better than anything I had experienced in a very long time.

So, Talia arrived at 8:30 on the Saturday evening, after a bit of difficulty finding my address.  I went out to meet her and helped her to carry her large table and all her other equipment into my unit. I was pleased to see that she was quite attractive, and I found her East European accent quite charming. Once we had got the table set up and her music-player  plugged in, we sorted out the financials, and I undressed and lay down on my stomach on the table.

Talia poured warm oil over my back and buttocks and down between her thighs.  Then I felt her warm hands come down onto my shoulders ands gently slide down my back, over my buttocks, and right down my anal cleft to my perineum, under my scrotum and right up to the base of my penis.  And that stroke was followed by a flood of similar strokes.  This was the best start to a massage that I had had in a very long time. About halfway through this first half she reached through my legs and pulled my penis back so that she could massage it; thereafter every stroke down my back or up my legs ended with a gentle teasing of my penis that was absolutely heavenly.

Finally it was time to turn over, and what ensued then eclipsed everything that had gone before.  After some hard tweaking of my nipples, Talia began a prolonged edging massage of my penis that must have continued for a good 20 minutes or so, slowly but surely building me up to an explosive orgasm.  When it came it left me gasping for breath, and my heart went on pounding for quite some time.  After washing her hands, Talia began a more therapeutic style of massage, ending with a wonderful relaxing facial.

After we packed up her things, we had a nice conversation for about 15 minutes.  Talia told me that she was of Ukrainian origin, having been born in Kiev, but had come to Australia when she was a teenager.  She had also lived for some time in Poland where she had family, and had studied there.  I told her about my visits to Poland, Ukraine and Russia, which interested her very much.  It turns out that although she is Ukrainian she is pro-Russian, and regards the present conflict between Russia and Ukraine as an utter disaster caused by the Americans.

 By the time she said goodbye it was a little past 10.  Needless to say I was feeling completely satisfied and I slept very well that night. I have since contacted Talia to thank her for the wonderful treatment she gave to my penis, and we had a conversation in which she informed me that she can do the massage nude for an extra $50  She also does massages of up to four hours in which she makes her clients ejaculate several times, up to eight times in a four hour massage.  At my present advanced age I think that would be well beyond me, but I told her that next time I would like to try for at least two ejaculations. It seems she can massage a man's ego just as well as she massages his body!  We shall see what the future will bring.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 22nd April 2019, 04:11 PM
Poster ID: markjohns5431
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Talia

Establishment: Mobile massage

Date of Visit : Late March 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Telephone 0434 159 421: no website; online advertisement in Gumtree https://www.gumtree.com.au/s-ad/sydn...age/1206910408

Hours of Business : Mixed

Rates : $100/60mins

Age : 40s

Size/shape : 5'6, large breasts, pretty face. Would have been hot in her youth. 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian of Ukrainian origin

Services Provided : Erotic clothed massage with HJ


Texted Talia and organized a time for her to come visit. She doesnt host so had to wait until my place was empty. She arrived and l was impressed. Quite a nice face and a heavy chest on display. She is friendly although a little shy at first (opened up more later).

Helped her set up the table in the room and stripped as instructed, didnt specify nude or not, but l went nude. Good strong massage on my back with plenty of oil. 

Talia dragged her hands up my ass groin a few times which made me crazy hard. Flipped over and l was fully erect. She started massaging my stomach almost straight away. There was a definite sexual tension in the air. She kept on touching my cock as she was working my lower stomach area. It started to get a little heated and she ended up oiling up my cock and going for broke while l felt her large tits through her top. I shot my load pretty quick after build up. 

We kept chatting for 30mins after. She is a nice lady!


