Floor: #1
Post Time: 21st July 2018, 03:14 PM
Poster ID: sleazyryder
Post Title: 
 Tammy Bodywise Massage Lavington Albury NSW Vic Border Town /City
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Tammy

Establishment: Bodywise Remedial Massage

Date of Visit : July 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://bodywiseremedial.business.site/

Phone : 0417332315  is the best contact however she does has a burner #

Hours of Business : Mon to Fri 9am to 8.30pm and after hours when advertised ring to confirm hours

Rates : $30 half hour $50 the hour This is for the straight service

Age : 22 just turned

Size/shape : BBW (Triangleshaped body) 'C' cups wide load on the largess. Think Mr Whippy ice scream cone. 
Tammy has a very pretty face but has some genetic issues in body shape. But still a lovely personality.
Worth trying at least once

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie from Dar-Win NT

Services Provided : Remedial massage with HR (Topless shirt over the head)

Value for money/recommend? : I think this might be a situation where finding someone who knows how to massage is a good thing. YMMV is the term to have in mind. Tammy is able to be trained and does offer numerous other services including FS BBBJ but not in this environment.

My experience/comments : 
Now Tammy has been on my to do (or rather to see list) for quite some time. In fact from a couple of years back.
She advertises on Locanto and Gumtree. Arranging an appointment can be difficult.
I tried to get one but she was fully booked. I was on the canx waiting list.
I thought the chances of seeing her were not great.
So I went with my first option Wen who I have reviewed here in the PWL thread 

https://auxxxreviews.com/forum/f117/...murmurs-56779/


Now in between getting an appointment with Wen I was offered a late afternoon appointment by Tammy. Hence the lack of urgency to release with Wen. You will need to read the Wen thread to understand what is meant by this.

So so the appointment with Tammy was going to be my second punt for the day. A worthwhile cause as work does not offer that many chances of visiting Albury Wodonga to have my Donga dabbling deep in pussy or on the other hand wanked willingly hopefully not woefully.

 That is what punting is all about. The sure thing is a safe bet usually unless there are other variables.

Anyway I rocked up to the address which is in the website in Union Street Lavington Albury Burbs 

It was Professional rooms and my heart started to sink as I am thinking this is not something I usually manage to convert on the first occasion. Sure things can always look official and subterfuge can exist without any signs apparent.

So the place was neat and tidy. Tammy rents a room and possibly lives there but that is not important. Her business was in Lavington before but she departed company with the Beautician/Hairdressing Shopfront she was associated with last year.

Tammy answers the door. She is wearing a corporate Polo shirt embossed with the business logo.

I am thinking well I could really use a decent massage Having had sex a couple of hours prior to this visit (Wen) and having a full sack still I was pondering the wisdom of holding back. 
But thought what the heck.

Into the room well heated nice setup. Very professional looking. Drat. Oh well

She asks me to prepare by getting the gear off and did not specify anything about undies on or off as most experienced therapists leave that up to the client. She requested to use the towel to cover and let her know when I was covered with the towel and on the table.

I got onto the table, towel over the glutes..

Into the room and on with some oil. The conversation flowed naturally. She is very young very big around the hips and bum with a small c cup bust looking through the Polo shirts.

Here's the reason why research really pays off. She asks where I saw her ad.
I chuckle to myself thinking wow she walked into that comfortably.

 Having noted she has numerous accounts and ads on Locanto. 
Dont know why she needs so many however to my observations she clearly believes more is less.

I answered her I found you on Locanto. Along with some of your nordy ads.
She laughed and said well a girl has to try and work all angles.
Confirming the research and Intel I went in with. 
A warm feeling just went to my pubic region,

I said I guess guys are like that and they enjoy the extra benefits of a massage. She chuckled. I said I would be in that number that would ascribe to the enjoyment theory.

She was smiling, I said I guess I would join that number if you were happy to oblige. She said yes why not.
The massage suddenly took another direction. She went into the groin with one hand and massaged my gluteus maximus with her other. I became aroused. The cupping of my balls showed that she had received training in erogenous/erotic massage. Most are clueless but she is a Master at this. Clearly well versed.

The punt was was going to pay off. 

Now Tammy protects her business so do not ring or contact her therapeutic number and make a stupid request. You will get shutdown and disappointed for certain.

She has a number of different ads on Locanto some offering natural blow and go.
 A lot of the ads are contradictory. Don't worry just contact her and request services appropriately and you should be good to get.

She does full service but is a really big gal so you may get lost in her space.

I just wanted to confirm the facts of what was on offer.

Now because I went in for the straight massage @ $50 hr and I had decided that I would like to sample and tick this one off my list I was happy to accept whatever she asked.

Not going to say she was cheap. Or even VFM but the cost was literally dictated by the circumstances. 
(All puns gratefullly appreciated) ( in case you are not punny. dic and cum are punny)

Hence by reason of explanation or mansplation I cannot say how much the usual charges would be for handrelief.

It was a topless handy that felt oohhh soooo good. Ahh you know the type which is done firmly and continued past the final drop squeezed out of your sperm factory conduit. AKA Cock.

Ohh boy was it a gusher. And the warmth of the rush of blood engorging my pubic region was just devine. So yes this BBW knows how to tweak the goods and was a lovely end to the days activities.

Somewhere between the start of the Remedial and the end of the sensual massage 30 minutes was lost. The other 30 minutes was gained by her and lost by me.
Think she may have assumed I was there for one purpose only.

I really wasn't bothered as the bucket list got two ticks off in the one day. If you understand this comment then you can thank or like both posts so I know you appreciate the comedy of life as much as I do.

The only real blemish on the event. I paid two pineapples my fault as I was certain she would take some convincing and likely terminate the session if I had not been given the que to suggest that all fellas enjoy that most thoughtful of extra touches.

Tammy had canx on me before making her a difficult booking to make. That was last year. I am a patient man. 

The type that makes No seem way too inviting in a curious method of attracting by denying,

You know the girls who say No for the tease but actually just like a guy to grovel.

As opposed to those who mean 'No' when they say 'No!' A very poignant difference.

If you don't know the difference learn it fast if you want to stay safe and out of trouble.
Never assume always ask.

All in all Tammy was a worthwhile punt. She delivered well and knows how to turn a guy on and deal with his needs with her hands. This alone makes me shiver with delight.
Worth a visit at least once.

Inside tip. If you see Tammy for an hour request the sensual towards the end. That way you should get a really decent massage. Me I just wanted to experience the other side of Remedial.

Be aware she is a big girl Size 16 on top but size 28 on the hips and bum. You won't be able to get your arms around her bum so that is a 26 to 28 for me. Triangular shaped but you don't see her for the way she looks just the actions she can perform.

All in all a delightful day.





Sleazy.


