Thread Title: Taryn Harvey - Crows Nest - 0419 910 509 - Tantric
Floor: #1
Post Time: 28th November 2019, 08:06 AM
Poster ID: rogerbinny76
Post Title: 
 Taryn Harvey - Crows Nest - 0419 910 509 - Tantric
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Taryn Harvey

Establishment : School of sacred Tantra

Date of Visit : 03/11/19

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.tantricmedicinewoman.com/bodywork

Phone :0419910509

Hours of Business : by appointment

Rates : 350 for 90mins

Age : late 30s

Size/shape : 12/curvy

Nationality or Ethnicity : Caucasian Australian

Services Provided : Tantra bodywork, massage

Value for money/recommend? :  Yes but not for everyone

My experience/comments :  I saw her ad online and checked out her site which had good reviews. Fairly easy to talk to and make a booking. She has a clean space for tantra sessions and looks just like the pics on her site. Greets me with a hug and we sit down to discuss outcomes for the session. She changes into a sarong with lingerie underneath and get me to lie on my stomach for the massage to begin. The room is filled with incense and soft music. The massage is firm and relaxing. When I turn over Iam in a trance like state. She strokes me and I get aroused several times during the session. She brings me to the point of orgasm with her hand and then squeezes and stops it. She also kissed my torso, nipple and neck to keep me aroused. Then she did something completely unexpected and licked my cock! She has an amazing technique with her mouth and fingers working together that kept me on the edge for a long time. After 20-30 minutes of this I was just about to come and felt this sensation through my whole body. However there is no ejaculation but it all feels very satisfying. She hugs me and we rest in post orgasmic? bliss. I look at the clock and its more than 2 hours! I had paid for a 90 min session. I take a quick shower to get the oil off. Taryn has an assured presence and sees me off with a hug. Definitely not a regular punt and I will be seeing her again as I have feeling there is more on offer. Has anyone else seen this lady?

She brings me to the point of orgasm with her hand and then squeezes and stops it. She also kissed my torso, nipple and neck to keep me aroused. Then she did something completely unexpected and licked my cock! She has an amazing technique with her mouth and fingers working together that kept me on the edge for a long time. After 20-30 minutes of this I was just about to come and felt this sensation through my whole body. However there is no ejaculation but it all feels very satisfying. She hugs me and we rest in post orgasmic? bliss. I look at the clock and its more than 2 hours! I had paid for a 90 min session. I take a quick shower to get the oil off. Taryn has an assured presence and sees me off with a hug. Definitely not a regular punt and I will be seeing her again as I have feeling there is more on offer. Has anyone else seen this lady?]


Floor: #2
Post Time: 9th December 2019, 09:17 AM
Poster ID: Madeupname
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Yes, I've seen her, but didn't get this service! It was more to do with breathing... a bit underwhelming, tbh.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 9th December 2019, 04:50 PM
Poster ID: antares01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Taryn's book; "Trust" is well worth a read. A wonderful insight into Taryn and indeed how/why women move into the sex industry and some of the challenges.


