Thread Title: Terri -  Roseberry - 0448 833 692
Floor: #1
Post Time: 20th January 2017, 04:16 PM
Poster ID: pharqueme
Post Title: 
 Terri -  Roseberry - 0448 833 692
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Terri

Establishment : Private

Date(s) of Visit : 20/1/17

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0448833692 ROSEBERY:Mature aged Woman..Sensual Massage - Sydney body rubs - backpage.com.au

Rates : $60 30min + $20 for BBBJ incl. CIM & swallow

Age : 50's

Size/shape : Chubby 40D.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Cauc (Aussie) 

Services Provided : Massage, BBBJ + CIM & swallow

Value for money/recommend : Maybe

Rang at 11.15am & got a booking for midday. Her private house is easy to find with easy parking in the street. The house is an older style terrace; a little messy but clean with no funny smells or cigarette smoke. Clean shower to use after the event.

Terri was no pretty picture. About 162cm (5'4") chubby. You wouldn't look twice (or even notice her) in the street.

I undress and lie face down on a sturdy massage table in the front room of the house. Smells clean & fresh and noticed a pile of clean folded towels in the corner.

The massage is quite good. She doesn't use oil - I'm not sure what it was - but it washed off easily in the shower. Started on shoulder then back, bum, legs with TT once she started on the legs. It was quite relaxing.

On the flip, some chest massage and then onto the man bits. She told me over the phone that she would only do BBBJ if I was "clean". By now, the floppy 40Ds are out and large soft nipples are in my mouth. She only does topless. I think she doesn't want all her fat on display, however, no resistance to hand inside panties and rubbing of a somewhat moist slit.

The BBBJ was actually good. No deep throat but plenty of work around the tip which I like. She took a week's worth down no props and after a little more massage it was off to the shower.

She did not ask me for the money upfront.

WIR:  ???? Service was good. Price was good. Just lie back and enjoy, but be warned, she ain't too pretty.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 20th January 2017, 06:57 PM
Poster ID: SeaRay
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
TERRY's Mature Massage in Roseberry was tested by the SeaRay before Christmas which was not reported on, Terry which she spelt with a Y and not an I is, well different.
She is a committed Lesbian who does like sucking a Dick, but she is quite rough with a Tooth or Two missing in which I didn't think was worth creating a new post on.
She does have a good hot shower and she likes a Fag after the RnT.
Over all an interesting visit


Floor: #3
Post Time: 21st January 2017, 11:30 AM
Poster ID: paunchy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
This lady also advertises regularly in the Health $ Beauty Services section of Locanto:

http://sydney.locanto.com.au/ID_7956...-ROSEBERY.html

I tried ringing her number several times, but there was never any answer.  I also texted, but again no response.  There is one review on her Locanto name page which wonders why she bothers to advertise if she is never going to answer enquiries:

http://www.locanto.com.au/by/ksmith1.../?show=ratings

So obviously her failure to respond has been experienced by others.  But apparently it is possible to get through, as the preceding reviews show.  I wonder what the secret is.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 16th February 2017, 10:26 AM
Poster ID: ned2
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Terry

Establishment : Private

Date(s) of Visit : 1/2/17

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :ROSEBERY / 0448833692 

Rates : $60 30min + $30 for BBBJ 

Age : 50's

Size/shape : Chubby  

Nationality or Ethnicity : Cauc (Aussie) 

Services Provided : Massage, BBBJ 

Value for money/recommend: Not really

I was in the area and decided on a massage and called Terry at 2:30pm for a 3pm appointment. She answered and said no problems.
She txt me her address and I was on my way. She works from a private house which there is plenty of parking. I was told to call he when I arrived and she meet me at her front door.
I thought to myself she's not pretty but she may make up in other areas.... Was told to take of clothes and lay down on massage table. I ask "would you like me to take a shower?" She replied "No need"
She then creamed her hands with some type of Moisturiser. Her massage was pretty average with tickle tackle which was nice. Then I notice Terry still has her clothes on?? Then she flips me over and starts on the front, Neck, chest  and a few strokes on my member. She then asked me if I would like a BBBJ for $30 extra. I said ok, thinking she clothes will come off, But they didn't. She start a very average BBBJ a bit toothy while wanking me in between. after 5 min of this I blow on my chest. She cleans me up and directs me to her shower. I clean my self up and get dressed and at this stage I still haven't paid her yet. She is now sitting on her couch having a smoke. I tell her im ready and about to leave. She say to me thats $90. I tell her I've on got $100 (2 x $50) Now since I didn't enjoy myself and she kept her clothes on, I thought to my self I want my change. She say "Oh your so nice for giving me a tip, Make sure you came back again"    I felt like I was burnt twice..... I wont be back!!!


Floor: #5
Post Time: 17th February 2017, 11:36 PM
Poster ID: Jonlad
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Terri

Establishment : Private

Date(s) of Visit : 16th Feb 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0448833692 ROSEBERY:Mature aged Woman..Sensual Massage - Sydney body rubs - backpage.com.au

Rates : $60 30min

Age : 50's

Size/shape : Chubby 40D.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Cauc (Aussie) 

Services Provided : Massage

Value for money/recommend : not for me

Let me preface this and say Terry is a nice person so she should be treated with care.

But that was a farked experience! 

Called Terry and arranged a booking on short notice. Said oral was $30, l thought ld see what shes like before l confirm anything. 

Arrived outside and it sounded like there were a bunch of dudes inside so l waited and texted Terry that l was outside. 

Terry let me in. As l said shes a very nice person, but physically very unnattractive. About 5ft flat and 90kgs. I suspect she was born a male and had surgery or has just been on hormones. (If someone has had a good look down there please correct me)

Asked to use the toilet, so she directed me out back. 

As we were walking through the house we entered the lounge room and she introduced me to two of her friends.

I was greeted by what looked like two large women naked except for g strings on, cuddling on a couch. 

After looking at the pair for a few minutes l realised one was a huge +100kg caucasian tranny with flappy B cups from estrogen, who would probably flatten me on my ass! 

and the other was a asian tranny who actually looked alright from my quick glance 

Safe to say l was farking shocked!

Anyway l quickly used the toilet and quickly made my way back to the massage room where Terry began the massage.

Reasonably relaxing massage, but as l said l think she may have been a dude earlier in her life. Hence l couldnt really relax as its not my thing. 

Passed on any offers of extras. Paid Terry the $60 and was on my way!


Floor: #6
Post Time: 18th February 2017, 06:37 AM
Poster ID: trapper
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Very scary scene you described there Jonlad


Floor: #7
Post Time: 18th February 2017, 06:56 AM
Poster ID: Mad_Bastard
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Farkin hell Jonlad!

Sounds like a scene from a Tarantino movie :-)

Glad you made it out alive.....


Floor: #8
Post Time: 18th February 2017, 03:45 PM
Poster ID: uxb
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
The things we do....


