Thread Title: Tiana (was Sienna) - Sydney (CBD) - 0452 594 095
Floor: #1
Post Time: 13th February 2012, 11:56 PM
Poster ID: Bracket
Post Title: 
 Tiana (was Sienna) - Sydney (CBD) - 0452 594 095
				
Post Content: 
Not 100% sure how to classify Tiana, since she advertises as r'n't.  But since I took advantage of her extras offer and fucked her, I guess WLs is as good as any.

Person's Name : Tiana (used to be Sienna)

Establishment : private

Date of Visit : February 2012

Contact Details : 0452 594 095 + Cracker ad  

Rates : $95/30, $170/60 + extras negotiated (I got cbj + FS for $50)

Age : 25

Size/shape : 170cm, size 8, slim, C-cups (enhanced)

Nationality or Ethnicity : Singaporean

Services Provided : erotic r'n't, prostate massage, DATY, cbj, fs, dirty talk

Value for money/recommend? : excellent value for an upmarket r'n't

My experience/comments : 

After spending some fruitless weeks trying to get back in touch with Sienna http://auxxxreviews.com/forum/f116/s...0-564-a-11305/ , who had given me one of the best r'n'ts I've had in a long time, I decided to chance my hand with Tiana, another "handjobs + extras" Cracker advertiser. http://auxxxreviews.com/forum/f116/s...305/#post43247 Her prices are $95/30 and $170/60, a little cheaper than Sienna's.  Her advertised services include genital and anal massage, and prostate massage.

After lining up a booking I'm directed to none other than the very same apartment in Kent Street where I met Sienna.  My first thought is that there are two girls working from the same apartment, but when the door is opened it's none other than Sienna who greets me, this time wearing an electric pink bikini, rather than the black one from last time.  She laughs when she recognises me, but I don't get an explanation for the name and mobile number change.

Her looks haven't changed from my Sienna review, so I'll lift my description thereof from there.  She says she's 24 and Singaporean, both of which seem reasonable by my judgment.  She is tallish, maybe 170cm, has lovely light olive skin and attractive looks.  She's slim, although on account of her height I might have put her at a size 8 rather than her advertised size 6, and sports a pair of C-cups, possibly enhanced, with smallish pink nipples.  She's lightly pubed.  Her nice smile reveals a set of braces.  Her English, although accented and less than fluent, is delivered in a husky, sexy voice with lots of dirty, flirty talk.

I tell Tiana that I would like to stay for an hour and then jump in the shower.  After towelling myself Tiana asks in that husky, sexy voice whether I want her naked.  I say yes and take the opportunity to help Tiana remove the bikini while standing in front of the mirrored wardrobe in order to maximise my viewing pleasure.  After the bikini is shed she turns around to hug me and presses close so that my rigid old fella is forced up vertically sandwiched between us.  She reaches down and bends it so that the knob goes between her legs at the top of her thighs.  Cleverly, she then asks whether I want just a massage or something extra, but I stay on the straight and narrow.

Tiana then starts off giving me a very nice sensual massage, before asking "prostate massage?" to which I nod my assent.  More oils follow and then I feel the fickle finger of fate interpolating itself into my nether regions.  I later discover that she's gloved up, but at that point I can't tell the difference.  I push myself up into all-fours and she plays both with my arse and my cock, which I find very exciting.  She starts a dirty, flirty line of patter about her being the doctor and having to explore all inside me, the patient.  She does it very well, both the patter and the exploration.

Then Tiana asks me to turn over onto my back, and I'm expecting her exploratory digit to be removed.  But she leaves it in there and I'm faced with a nice view of her continuing the ambidextrous treatment.  She asks whether I want to try two fingers and I agree, but she finds it too tight and goes no further.

Tiana then pulls the finger out and straddles me asking me to come inside her.  I assume that this is a hint for extras and bat the suggestion away.  She slides along me with her slightly bristly pussy sliding along outside my dick.  But she's nothing if not persistent and comes back again with the suggestion, not in any annoying way I hasten to add.

At this point I ask for some DATY and have a lot of fun as she writhes around on the bed, alternately exposing and hiding her pinkish bits.  And still her dirty patter continues.  Hearing her say, "Oh patient, make doctor horny!" makes me realise how the right attitude in a WL can really enhance the punting experience.

Tiana's still hassling for extras and, in a moment of weakness, I agree to pay an extra $50 for FS, including a cbj.  To be perfectly honest the CBJ isn't that good, principally on account of this mouthguard sort of thing that she puts on over her braces.

Then Tiana mounts me in cowgirl, and we cycle through a number of positions, including standing up and walking over to the mirrored robes to admire our mounted selves.  She's very responsive, and asks me to pump faster and harder, don't stop.

Although we're going through a number of positions and Tiana's dirty talk continues, for some reason I'm unable to get over the line.  So I ask her to give me a handjob.  She agrees on the condition that I put my fingers into her twat and give her some fun too, a request I'm only too happy to oblige.  Before long I explode to the sound of Tiana saying "Doctor make the patient happy."

To finish the session, Tiana offers me a head massage, which is very relaxing.  While she's doing that, a workman starts an angle grinder outside, for which Tiana apologises although the noise isn't that bad.  It's now time for a shower, and after I get out the grinder is still going.  I give her the "extras" $50.

The workman is right outside the curtained window and Tiana, completely nude, opens the curtain a fraction to check where the workman is, which turns out to be half a floor above us, so that his feet are roughly at our eye level.  Tiana sneaks another peek and remarks that wouldn't he get a surprise if she opened the window and grabbed his cock.  I wittily respond that his surprise wouldn't be half as much as if she opened the window and stuck her finger up his bum!

As I leave I check my watch and it's been 54 minutes since I walked in.  That's a minor negative, but not enough to put me off Tiana.  I'll be back to see her, provided she doesn't change her name and mobile number yet again!


Floor: #2
Post Time: 1st May 2012, 03:43 PM
Poster ID: tubby
Post Title: 
 Tianna on Cracker
				
Post Content: 
Advertised on Cracker. She is a very good looking Singaporean. Nice body. Massage follows shower and makes good use of the additional hole in the table for tackle tickle. Roll over and invited to the bed. prostrate massage included, BJ with condom $30.00. At $120 I suspect you'll do better at the the Thai shops and so will I in future. Maybe if she offered BBBJ or FS could be worth it.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 1st May 2012, 09:38 PM
Poster ID: BadAussieBoy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hey tubby,

Have you got any contact details or a link to her ad...search comes up with nothing.

Thanks,

BAB


Floor: #4
Post Time: 1st May 2012, 10:07 PM
Poster ID: Bracket
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
BAB - this should be merged with my thread, Tiana (was Sienna).


Floor: #5
Post Time: 1st May 2012, 10:59 PM
Poster ID: BadAussieBoy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks Bracket






 Originally Posted by Bracket


BAB - this should be merged with my thread, Tiana (was Sienna).


Floor: #6
Post Time: 4th May 2012, 11:26 AM
Poster ID: maxwell
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Checked out the Tiana cracker ad.... price for 1 hour is advertised now for $200. I think too pricey for just a rnt


Floor: #7
Post Time: 4th May 2012, 03:27 PM
Poster ID: tubby
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Sorry, Spelled  her name wrong - should be Tiana. Thanks Bracket!


