Thread Title: Trinity - Bangalow - 0490 466 413
Floor: #1
Post Time: 7th January 2019, 04:07 PM
Poster ID: luvclaire_8
Post Title: 
 Trinity - Bangalow - 0490 466 413
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Trinity

Establishment : PML

Date of Visit : December 2018

Contact Details/Address: https://m.locanto.com.au/byronbay/ID...L-Goddess.html

Phone :0490 466 413 

Hours of Business : 1030am - 6pm ?7 days

Rates : $150/30, $250/60 - heavenly hour  $350/90m kings treatment 

Age : mid 30s

Size/shape : 10, Huge E cups, firm, perky, small hard nips 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian 

Services Provided : Erotic massage, body slides, 

Value for money/recommend? : Holy shit yes! 

My experience/comments... 

So this may singlehandedly be the most perfect erotic massage/tantric experience I've had. 

Surprisingly There really isn't much up here in the northern rivers area in regards to tantra/erotic massages. I expected different given the hippy lifestyle up here but oh well. If you'd like the few other providers around hit me up with a pm and I'll send you the details and save you the trouble of scouring all the classifieds! 

I finally stumbled upon trinity. Contact was easy through text and she'll send some amazing photos (definitely her) and her address which is easy to find off the main road in Bangalow. She offers a 30m erotic massage, a heavenly hour and a kings treatment 90m which I'll just copy and paste her text description: The heavenly hour is a fabulous full body massage, done fully nude, with amazing bodyslides, mutual touch, and a gloriously orgasmic finish  The Kings treatments very special , it gives us extra time for all sorts of lusciousness - could be a private dance, tantric energy play, a sexy mirror massage, or extra therapeutic massage anywhere  - depending on your mood 😌
Sound enticing?

She opens the door and she is stunning. About 5"9, dark hair and eyes, dark Ted lipstick, lightly tanned skin, huge tits barely hidden beneath a tight top and smooth shaved legs. She welcomes me with a long embrace, shows me the tantric room setup with a single massage table draped with fresh towels. Surprisingly, she had great music playing in the background and not the usual shitty ambiance music 🤣

I jump in the shower and head back into the room. She gives 3 rules before we start - no kissing on the lips, no penetration (genitals or fingers), and if I touch my penis I can't touch her with that hand again. Other than that everything is fair game! 

From the beginning I knew this would be perfect. She provides the most sensual massage - She moans and nibbles on your ear while tickling your balls, she positions herself perfectly so you can see everything from the mirrors placed around the room. She loves being touched intimately on her nipples, breasts, pussy and asshole. And holy shit she squirts like a firehose! 

The first time it happened she'd stood up, taken her clothes off and oiled up her whole body. She had her tits rubbing on my back with her pussy grinding my hand before she started to pull my hair, squeeze my neck, moaned and showered my hand in her wetness. It was amazing. 

I flipped over and what followed was 30 minutes of her stroking my cock and my hole. Teasing me up to 7/10 before letting the energy release and begin edging again. Having her leg up on the bed grinding my hand and my leg. She came so many times squirting that delicious load every single time. My back was drenched from it at the end. 

 My favourite part being my cock between her magnificent breasts - I posted a thread about the best tits in Sydney in general discussion and well, while not in sydney I've found my favourite 🤣. 

Before I flipped and after she'd cum the first time, she offered me for her to position her pussy in my face and get herself off for $50 - I didn't have the cash with me at the time, but she offered me to drop it in her mailbox. I would've done it but for $250 I figured I better put that $50 towards a second massage. She'd grabbed my cock with her tits at that point and I forgot to ask what other extras are available but I'm sure there's plenty 

Afterwards we laughed about how wet the massage table was from her, she gave a nice head massage a big kiss on the lips another shower and out the door. 

I really cannot wait to head back to her - hopefully this week 

Enjoy


Floor: #2
Post Time: 8th January 2019, 12:17 AM
Poster ID: sleazyryder
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
https://byronbay.locanto.com.au/ID_2...e-you-can.html

Aka Temple Goddess. Shakina.... et al

Byron is full of hippies that offer adult services but not to all. It is a matter of surviving in a small town mentality. Gossip is a tool used to undermine others. Many workers will only offer services to tourists or visitors from out of the area.
Reason to tell the worker you are not from around the locale. If pressed say from a distant state.

Same goes in most isolated areas rural and outback Oz. There is always a worker who works on the downlow.

SR.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 9th May 2019, 05:39 PM
Poster ID: delpippo
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Trinity

Establishment : PML

Date of Visit : April 2019

Contact Details/Address:https://byronbay.locanto.com.au/ID_2...L-Goddess.html

Phone :0490 466 413

Hours of Business : 1030am - 7pm ?7 days

Rates : $150/30, $250/60 - heavenly hour $350/90m kings treatment

Age : mid 30s

Size/shape : 10, Huge E cups, firm, perky, small hard nips

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : Erotic massage, body slides,

Value for money/recommend? : Maybe/Yes

Having been eyeing of this ad on Locanto and the positive review from  luvclaire_8 i decided to take the plunge.

Communication is easy, all done through sms, Given an address on the Main street in Bangalow, i must mention that i have seen Trinty couple of times now but this is my latest experience with her. As mentioned above Trinty is in her mid 30s brown wavy curly hair and brown eyes with a tight and toned body with some of the best real tits you will ever encounter! Into the shower where your kindly asked to leave your offering on a small table outside the bathroom. Bathroom is a little old and dated but not not run down.

Room is set up with the usual tantric paraphernalia tarrot cards, incent buring, tantric art,candles etc etc. Some pretty cool relaxing music not the usual massage music. Trinty then gives you the 3 rules no kissing on the lips, no penetration(Light touching on the outside is okay) and if you touch your penis the hand you use can't touch her anymore. 

Now the massage starts with the usual tantric talk: release yourself to the female power, concentrate on your breathing etc Hope on the table with nicely fresh clean towels. The table is surrounded by Mirrors so you can see exactly what Trinty is doing and watch her amazing body. She start with a light therapeutic massage building up with what i like to call "building up the fire inside". She oils herself up and with long strokes massage your body with her body and amazing tits all the while looking in the mirrors and giving a cheeky smile back, she loves to be watched and genuinely  enjoys giving pleasure. On to the flip and she rubs her amazing body all over and those amazing tits.  One thing i noticed is the first time i saw her only for 30mins the ending part of the massage isn't the same if you book her for longer she lets you play with her more. I got no squirting must not have the special touch.She expertly now how to give a good tug building the pressure than slowing down the building then slowing down all the time playing with my nipples and kissing and breathing in my ear. Before i know it im blowing my load. 

Quick Shower and a long hug and out the door

As mentioned if you love big real tits Trinty is your girl


