Thread Title: Vesna Vienna - Gosford - 0477 547 316
Floor: #1
Post Time: 27th November 2019, 11:52 PM
Poster ID: leepin lee
Post Title: 
 Vesna Vienna - Gosford - 0477 547 316
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Vesna Vienna

Establishment : PWL

Date of Visit : Aug 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.escortsandbabes.com.au/D.../Body-Rub/All/

Phone :0477 547 316

Hours of Business : 1pm until late

Rates : from $70 and $100 for a "Happy Ending"

Age : 50's

Size/shape : 18+

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : Rub and Tug with a massage (of sorts)

Value for money/recommend? : Absolutly NOT

My experience/comments : 

I rang during a mid week afternoon and was given an address at the back of the Gosford CBD and asked not to make a noise coming into the block of units. Upon arrival I was greeted by rather unflattering odour of dogs kept in a confined flat. 

Vesna did not look anything like the photo, or if it was her photo it was taken 20 years ago.

The inside of the premises were dark and confined and best described as "Hoarders Haven". The narrow pathway to the massage table had junk piled up to hip height and nowhere to sit and get out of your clobber for the business. Once the rate was discussed I jumped onto the table and was subjected to the worst massage "Swedish" massage I have ever had. 

No finesse, all pounding with the edge of her palms, no rub down, no powder, no oil or lotion, just an uncomfortable battering between the shoulder blades.

After 10 minutes of discomfort I asked to roll over and finish off with a hand relief.  What I got was my wedding tackle grabbed and groped that was far from sensual. I don't think a masochist would find this operator appealing as I had to call it quits after just 5 minutes of unappealing kneading similar to a bread roll being made.

All during this time she was complaining about her "Ratbag" neighbours dobbing her in about her dogs.

That was enough to complain and after I said I would be telling Escorts and Babes she refunded $50 back and I got out of there $50 lighter and with a sore scrotum.

There was no customer service, certainly no pride of doing a good job, no effort in her appearance or her premises.

I would not reccommend this operator to anyone. Her behaviour was erratic and strange at the least and gives good PWL's a really bad name.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 3rd December 2019, 08:14 AM
Poster ID: sagacious
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Golden review! 

I'm pretty sure this is that lady that use to be in concord somewhere and had the ad which said "no trench coats or backpacks allowed" seems the screws continue to loosen!

If your up around the Newcastle area sometime and want a good rnt try this lady Cher... Will do a review soon she's exactly the opposite to what you experienced - good massage, clean professional and good finish!


Floor: #3
Post Time: 3rd December 2019, 08:14 AM
Poster ID: sagacious
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
https://m.locanto.com.au/newcastle/I...n-massage.html

Oops forgot the link!


Floor: #4
Post Time: 6th December 2019, 06:07 AM
Poster ID: SeaRay
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
This is stupid ole VESNA / MARIA / and many other names who does not like customers taking bags or big coats in to her work room in case you pinch her things, Although she is weird she does have a nice set of titts but she is a grub and has so many rukes


