Thread Title: Vicky - Wollongong - 0490 840 950
Floor: #1
Post Time: 8th March 2018, 03:43 PM
Poster ID: Hot_kp
Post Title: 
 Vicky - Wollongong - 0490 840 950
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Vicky

Establishment : PML

Date of Visit : march 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : advertises in the local paper. 

0490 840 950

Hours of Business : not sure

Rates :  $40/half + extras

Age : maybe early 30's

Size/shape : slim sz8 nice Acups and trimmed/tidy pussy

Nationality or Ethnicity : thai

Services Provided : massage and nude HE with a so so body rub

Value for money/recommend? : meh. Maybe

My experience/comments : this place has just popped up. Not sure how long but I've only just noticed it. In Suburbia. Vicky is friendly and speaks good English. I asked about extras and she said HE. I asked for nude. She was shy but said yes. I asked about b2b and she wasn't so sure and asked how much I pay. So we ended up agreeing on $60 extra. Wow. Anyway. She was sweet. 

On the table and she proceeded the massage but was still dressed. It wasn't a remedial massage. More stroking and firm rubbing. She mixed it up and I would say it was more relaxing than a real massage. The occasional light touch of the tackle while doing my legs and she did spend time on my arse and thighs. 

She left the turn over till close to finish and only undressed then. Her b2b consisted of rubbing her nice little boobs on my chest while she was stroking me. She did allow touching but not between her legs - her period apparently. She was very sensitive and seemed to enjoy her clit being worked. She didn't have the best hand technique and it took a while but eventually she got me there. 

Vicky is a very nice girl and seemed somewhat shy so I didn't push her boundaries. I think with seeing her more she might loosen up. She did say she enjoyed my touch and hopes I come back to do it again. But they all say that right? 

She is available Monday and Thursday and I believe there are other girls working there.


