Thread Title: Vicki - Shellharbour - 0418 274 939
Floor: #1
Post Time: 7th June 2020, 01:17 AM
Poster ID: Massageguy01
Post Title: 
 Vicki - Shellharbour - 0418 274 939
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Vicki 

Establishment : Parkes st, Oak Flats, Private granny flat out the back. 

Date of Visit : May 2020

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : yellow pages - Aussie bliss massage therapy 

Hours of Business : 9am til 7pm

Rates : 80 / hour + 30 for tug 

Age : mid 50s 

Size/shape : Petite

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : remedial relaxation and hand relief 

Value for money/recommend? Good to try once

Was after a relaxation massage and found Vickis details after some searches online. After a conversation she sounded playful so I thought more may be on offer that just a massage, so booked for hour later that day.Arrived and was taken to her granny flat at back of her house. She seemed fit, very skinny body, but an okay butt noT to skinny ass. Looked like she was fitness freak mid 50, she was wearing tight pants and a top with jacket.  No money upfront and she was friendly enough, left room for me to undress and said I can use towel or not. She returned and I was face down naked. She put the towel on for a few rubbing bits Over my ass then removed it as she started applying oil to my shoulders and then rest of body. Then said she will take off jacket. She said she usually does remedial but I just wanted relaxation not to hard on body. Shoulder massage was ok then moving down to ass tickles every now and then and soft and slow work around hamstrings I sensed something was on. She said would I like to rollover for thighs and "other areas" After about 40 mins of legs back and ass work I said yes. I rolled over but she used towel to help me roll over I thought nothing was on. Smiling and massaging my thighs she kept moving the towel it was getting good. How many times can you move the towel Bumping my cock. She did inner thighs and asked if it was ok I said I like more inner thigh and she kept going slowly and smiling at me it was getting hot and she saw the towel start to rise. Then said she will do stomach and started there pushing the towel lower and lower as my cock started coming out the top . She asked if that was ok. I said a bit lower which she was very happy about and smiled and she went slowly around my cock not touching it but then fingers down my balls and said is that ok. I said yes but she said that's an extra 50 as she was smiling rubbing my balls. Felt so good as I waited there a few seconds Thinking she was gently rubbing ballsack I knew I only had 30 extra so I said I only had 20 to start the bargain. she said oh I'm not sure I can do that as she usually doesn't do this.  while she rubbing my balls I said ok let me check. Stopped and checked and said sorry I only have 30 she said ok that should be ok for the first one. Back on table she took towel off and reheated oil in microwave as it was cold which seem to take forever, then dribbled The warm oil all over my stomach groin balls and cock felt really good. She started Massaging all around Stomach inner thighs for a little bit then went to the tug and just kept going for a few mins at good pace I grabbed her ass which she was okay about and I cum. she let out a nice sound watching me cum like she was orgasming was great so that was sexy. She cleaned my up then, got dressed paid hug and left out the room and she walked me to gate and said bye. Nice lady. 

Worth 100 for an okay massage and tug but don't think I'll be back. Good to try Atleast once, not sure if more on offer but ymmv I didn't really try for more. Nice to have private Aussie near Shellharbour.


