Thread Title: Yaya - kirribilli - 0478 144 439
Floor: #1
Post Time: 13th November 2018, 01:56 PM
Poster ID: Crofter
Post Title: 
 Yaya - kirribilli - 0478 144 439
				
Post Content: 
Default YAYA - TINY Doll Like PML

Person: YAYA 

Establishment : PRIVATE 

Date of Visit : 12 November 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : was asked  to only provide phone number on request . If that's ok . Please PM 

Hours of Business : subject to availability . Variable 

Rates : 160/60

Age : 30's

Size/shape : size 3-4 , 38kg doll like. Perky A cups tiny bud nipples . Despite tiny has soft womanly curves.

Nationality or Ethnicity : THAI 


Services Provided: massage NHJ. other? . YMMV

Value for money/recommend? : yes

My experience:

Contacted YaYa based on a recommendation. Note Yaya , only taking limited bookings, as she's not really working at present , but is happy to consider a booking based on referral 

Went to a Kirribilli address, easy access.

Greeted by a tiny slim proportioned Thai woman long haired , large smile, light coppery skin.

Taken to the room she's in ( only till Thursday) then told going Gold Coast. Clean compact and fresh. 

Asked the usual by her and discussed massage type. I wasn't going to ask for hard as whilst my neck could do with it to kill the throbbing headache , her General  frame and size suggested powerful deep strong wasn't going to be avail.

Gentle a little sensual was what she could offer. I'd known this  before I arrived.

Yaya is naked from start, unbelievably tiny woman;slim and fit not a toned hard gym body, just tiny and doll like. And such gorgeous proportioned pert A Cups

Massage on a bed, told she normally has a proper portable table , but not with her at present. I asked if it had two holes ... she looked at me puzzled.. and I went on to explain its therapeutic benefits... 

Touching is allowed , some light kissing of her body  , though she's clear no pussy play . Ok. Though as I climax later I had my hand firmly on her right ass cheek ( it fits in my hand ) , and fingers just inside her inner thigh. She moved at first though as I did no more , moved back toward me allowing my hand and fingers To stay. 

Massage is teasy enough. Light pressure and is competent technique and more than just an obligatory prelude ..

i ask if she can on turning if she can slowly build sensation and edge . She's puzzled by that and I explain .

Ok can do 

Yaya , holds you so well . A little nipple flicking , usual fare , but is her holding , her small lithe fingers her grip her holding of your balls and slow Steady play on your cock that is delight. I'm taken almost to climax and not a number of times and as Yaya is not trying to piston pump me, the cock play is lasting more than half of the session.  

The effect if you are into edging is .. just what I wanted 

I knew I wasn't  going to get an intense GFE , knew wasn't going to get or try at least for over n above and was more than content with what was given.

Go back ? If I'm mood for a sweet no more than sweet moment on a Sunday morning . Yes 

it'd be great to see if more could develop, but have distinct impression, that it would take significant time and trust .

be enjoyable though 

if you get to go see her , be gentle lads. Ya ya is tiny and quite a shy thing. Respect like for many ML's is I think key to her.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 13th November 2018, 02:19 PM
Poster ID: Chalk010
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Glad you had a good time, but she seems expensive


Floor: #3
Post Time: 13th November 2018, 02:43 PM
Poster ID: Crofter
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Private rates - most  PML’s I’ve seen charge more than a shop.

However this morning I was at 84a and a 30
Min with Mia was 130 including tips.. I’m thinking that is exp


Floor: #4
Post Time: 14th November 2018, 12:26 AM
Poster ID: Chalk010
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by Crofter


Private rates - most  PML's I've seen charge more than a shop.

However this morning I was at 84a and a 30
Min with Mia was 130 including tips.. I'm thinking that is ex
"""



So $40 for 30 min
So $50 for a nude Handjob
So what does an extra $40 buy you?

(and I have heard that she is encouraging the girls to only charge $40 for a 30min NHJ.)


Floor: #5
Post Time: 30th November 2018, 11:33 AM
Poster ID: Crofter
Post Title: 
 YAYA  contact details 0478 144 439
				
Post Content: 
Went to book Yaya again. She’s up in Boondall Brisbabe for awhile.

However she was happy to have her number made public

O478144439

Here’s link to ad. All pics are real. 

https://m.locanto.com.au/brisbane/ID...s-Massage.html

She’s also doing couples massage and will also do massage/HE  on women. 