Thread Title: Yvonne - Narellan - 0406 394 977
Floor: #1
Post Time: 3rd July 2019, 08:51 AM
Poster ID: Signor Zorro
Post Title: 
 Yvonne - Narellan - 0406 394 977
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Yvonne

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 2/7/2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :Narellan/Mount Annan https://sydney.locanto.com.au/ID_363...-nsw.htmlPhone :0406 394 977

Hours of Business : 9  to 3pm

Rates : $60 for half hour

Age : early 30's.

Size/shape : large flat tits, bit of a tummy

Nationality or Ethnicity : Mixed Islander/Japanese but looks European.

Services Provided : Massage,  HJ

Value for money/recommend? :for $60 half hour, cant complain. 

My experience/comments:

Gave her a call as I was in the area and she responded immediatley. I think she was having a quiet day. She answers the door in a puffy coat and heels. Once the door shuts, she reveals her maid outfit like in the photo on Locanto. Her tits are barely kept in. Its a domestic situation - the massage table is in the living room, but her partner is at work and knows what she does. I strip off and lie on the table, while she takes her to off only. She leaves her skirt and panties on, no sex is a policy but you can touch from the outside. She gave me an alright back massage, that went down to the legs, shoulders, calves etc. it was medium strength rub.On the flip I couldnt resist those tits. She offered me her left nipple to suckle on and to my surprise she had milk!She doesnt advertise this fact as she said something about she looses sensation etc... I felt I hit the jackpot!I spent a good ten minutes just feasting on mother natures nectar and at the same time rubbing her pussy on the outside of her panties. She in return was jerking me and I lay flat on the bed while she continued nursing me and jacking me off with her right hand till I exploded. I cleaned up and was on my way.A couple of pointers. She doesnt offer showers so be clean when you go.Also, a downer is that she has smokers breath for those that dont like this. Otherwise she's quite easy to get along with and you can have good banter with her.


