Floor: #1
Post Time: 23rd March 2015, 01:15 PM
Poster ID: jpo
Post Title: 
 Zara/Sofia - Nuru - Syd CBD - 0431 274 751
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Zara

Establishment : Private apt - Kent St CBD

Date of Visit : March 2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : nuru

Hours of Business : Unkown

Rates : $200/hr

Age : 35-40

Size/shape : 10

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Real Massage + RnT

Value for money/recommend? : Qualifies Yes

My experience/comments : Zara advertises as a real masseuse and RnT expert, and I think that's pretty fair advertising. Her pics are of her, but are certainly done to make the best of her attributes (can't blame her there!).

She advertises as 27yo, but would be more like 37 IMHO, but in good nick.

Nice cup of herbal tea on arrival, very clean premises, shower, towels etc. Started with a very good remedial massage, and then into nuru with much bodysliding and work on the business end via the strategically placed hole in the massage table. There's a mirror that you look down on so that you can see what's happening which I'm sure might be good for some - but I'm as blind as a bat without specs, so no good for me!

Zara has a nice body and is very experienced in RnT, long slow buildup and really well done for the afficionados of this type of service.

Advertises CBJ, but did not evatuate in my session - not that I called for it though.

If you're looking for a good RnT practitioner, with not much in the way of eroticism, but with excellent technique - definitely worth a visit.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 12th April 2015, 11:16 AM
Poster ID: Sydneybrisbane
Post Title: 
 Zara Lee Nuru Massage - Sydney - 0431274751
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Zara Lee

Establishment : Private penthouse on Kent St

Date of Visit :  Late March 2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :  0431274751 http://sydney.locanto.com.au/ID_3386...ch-Ending.html

Hours of Business :  i think it was before 9pm, please check with her

Rates : $200/1hr

Age : claimed to be 27yrs, probably 35-38

Size/shape : Petit

Nationality or Ethnicity : Claim Mongolian/Russian, probably shanghai or other mainland city

Services Provided : Nuru Massage

Value for money/recommend? :  Not a yes or no answer, please see my review below to decide.

My experience/comments : 

The photo she posted was not her
She's Not 2.7 Years old, should be about 10 years older,
Not Mongolian/Russian, most likely from Shanghai or mainland china.

Having that said, the massage is quite good and will be an interesting experience if you haven't tried once.
You should request her to heat up the gel, otherwise you have be bear the cold gel on your back for a while.

It's a good relaxation experience, I felt lighted afterwords.
Just do not have any expectation on her appearance.

I had an 1hr session on her custom made twin hold talbe, started with massage and then nuru gel over my back, body slight, handjobs with gel and she would stimulate you unexpectedly.
You will be able to see her magic hand from the mirror under the table. 
2nd half i turn around, massage more body slide, handjobs, more stimulation in the end which gave me an very intense orgasm.

Not sure if i will go back because I felt like i was deceived by the photos.
If I do go back, half an hours is sufficient.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 12th April 2015, 12:00 PM
Poster ID: nextlif
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Zara's ad...




			
				PHONE OR TEXT: 0431274751

Hello Gentlemen, 

I am Zara, a 27 yr asian exotic beauty form Mongolia / Russia. I invite you to my luxury CBD penthouse to experience the erotic art of Nuru massage, where you can escape the outside world and indulge in a cloud of beautiful fragrances, gentle touches and softness to unwind, relax and recharge. 

I will pamper every inch of your body with a variety of massage and erotic techniques to tantalize, stimulate yet at the same time sooth your senses. The unique, incredible slippery Nuru gel heightens the sensual responds from your body aroused by every tender stoke from my hands and every intimate glide from my body. You are led into a long exhilarating play and taken to a place you have never been to before. 

A specially designed twin hole table is where you will be resting on and experiencing all the magic. The special design offers you many exciting and intriguing surprises and sensations that words can not describe when my hands glide over your skin in every imagining angle. A much needed French ending (covered) will complete the enchanting journey, providing you the ultimate pleasure and satisfaction. 

My apartment is conveniently located on Kent street Sydney near all transport and business districts. It is tastefully decorated, fully air conditioned and candle lit with soft music playing in the back ground - nothing spared to deliver you the ultimate clean and comfortable environment to relax and rejuvenate. All toiletry are of premium quality and massage products water dispensable to ensure your privacy and discretion. 

It will beIt will be an unforgeable encounter and exciting adventure for you. I am looking forward to seeing you soon. 


RATES - PHONE OR TEXT: 0431274751

30 MINUTES - 150 
60 MINUTES - 200 


WHAT'S INCLUDED - 

* Luxury Clean Environment - fully air conditioned 

* Custom Made Twin Hole Leather Massage Table 

* Authentic Japanese Nuru Gel - made from seaweed extract, odourless, colourless and extremely slippery and smooth 

* Aromatherapy & Therapeutic Deep Tissue Massage 

* Erotic Massage - nude body slides, erotic play, genital stimulation, prostate massage, hand relief, French ending ( covered ) 

* Premium Massage Oils / Creams - scented & water dispensable 

* Refreshing Herbal Teas 

* Discretion and Privacy Assured 
NOTE - The service is for MASSAGE only, sex is NOT offered during the session. 

Zara  x 
PHONE OR TEXT: 0431274751


Floor: #4
Post Time: 8th January 2016, 10:27 PM
Poster ID: mrm
Post Title: 
 Zara,Nura Massage - Sydney CBD -  0431 274 751
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Zara

Establishment : Private Apartment Kent St CBD Nuru Massage

Date of Visit : December 2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : www.asiannuru.com

Hours of Business : 10AM-8PM (Estimate)

Rates : 30 MINUTES - 150 
60 MINUTES - 200

Age : 27

Size/shape : Slim Nice Body

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian (Cracker AD says Mongol/Russian)

Services Provided : B2B Nuru Massage, CBJ, HR, Prostate Massage on request

Value for money/recommend? : Very Much so

My experience/comments : Saw ad on cracker, followed the included link. Contact made via SMS on same morning, fitted me in only a couple of hours later. Gave me easy to follow instructions on getting to her private apartment. It is a very nice clean 2 story apartment on the penthouse level with clean shower facilities before and after. After first shower she was waiting naked. Table has 2 holes and a mirrored base. Room very welcoming with music playing.
She talks you through each step of the massage with a comforting assuring voice. Started with a firm proper massage for about 20 mins. Felt awesome then slipped into Nuru. Used authentic Nuru, full B2B which was phenomenal. Hands slide underneath into bottom hole which you could see in the mirror. She was so highly skilled it was the most amazing feeling I can recall. I have no idea how I didn't blow on the mirror. (Zara did say it has happened a lot since she installed the mirror and she was going through a lot of windex lol)
On the flip the B2B continued, dabbled with some prostate which wasn't my thing and finished me off with a wonderful CBJ and HJ.
All the info on her site is accurate and she is an amazing lady offering an amazing service. I would definitely recommend.  I am a huge Fan!
Zara is exactly as she portrays on her site. Great Body Great Service. Happy Punting!


Floor: #5
Post Time: 7th June 2016, 06:34 PM
Poster ID: Swordfish
Post Title: 
 Sofia - Asian Nuru Massage (Sydney CBD)
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Sofia

Establishment: Private residence - Sydney CBD

Date of Visit: Early May

Contact Details: 0431274751

Hours of Business: 7 days a week (11am -10pm)

Rates: $200 per hour 

Age: 26 (but I think more mid to late thirties)

Size/Shape: Shapely and buxom.

Nationality or Ethnicity: Japanese

Services provided: Massage and CBJ

Value for money/recommended: Yes

My experience/comments: I'd always been curious about trying out a Nuru Massage so Sofia's ad on Cracker caught my eye. Making the booking was easy and all went smoothly regarding her punctuality for the appointed time. I have to say that I was a little taken aback upon meeting her - she was not the girl pictured in her ad (certainly not to my eyes). She seemed a little shorter, a little older. Having said that, she was pleasant looking, very polite, and her premises were clean and very presentable. Shower facilities were great and a professional "two hole" massage table with a mirrored base in an allocated room. The lighting was subdued and quite a sensual atmosphere was created. Sofia carries out the massage nude and I have to say the use of the various gels and oils were a real turn on. She knows what she's doing and paces the massage really well, starting out with an overall rub and then slowly but surely working the arse crack, balls and cock from above and below the table, along with a full body slide. The tease was quite tantalising and by the time she asked me to turn over I was ready to blow. She oiled up her tits and worked them up and down my cock. She finished the massage with a CBJ and some dirty talk that got me over the line with a big smile on my face. I can see how this could easily become addictive.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 22nd June 2016, 10:24 AM
Poster ID: oxyboy
Post Title: 
 Sofia Nuru Massage Sydney
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sofia

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : April 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0431274751  Private Asian Nuru Massage - CBD Penthouse Apartment - Amazing Sensation - French Ending - Sydney body rubs - backpage.com

Hours of Business : 11am-10pm

Rates : 30 MINUTES - 150 ;45 MINUTES - 180; 60 MINUTES - 200 

Age : 26

Size/shape : size 8

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian

Services Provided : Massage/Hand relief/covered BJ

Value for money/recommend? : yes/yes (for massage)

My experience/comments : Was looking for a RnT with a bit of a difference so visited Sofia who advertises on backpage. Got the hour for 200 (feeling pretty tense to wanted to take my time) 

Apartment in nice complex in CBD. Able to go straight to lifts past conceirge and buzz up to her floor. Greeted me with a smile and a cup of tea. Sofia is very sweet and polite, has a great body, as seen in her photos, but her face doesnt do it for me. sorry if that seems harsh but it is what it is. Anyway, was here for massage etc so wasnt too put off.

Bedroom upstairs with massage/milking table. yes you heard me correct. second hole for "milking" access. Those of you that havent hadNuru massage to cut a long story short its a normal bit of body massage and then a real concentration on the butt, butt cheeks, crack and sack and then off course some work on your old fella. theres no penetration of the butt or anything, just subtle massage around that area.

anyway nuru part of the massage was unreal. then flipped over for a body slide which was great too and may have almost cum then had that gone on much longer but was trying to hold on as "french ending" had been promised. 

this turned out to be a bit of a let down. pretty ordinary covered blowie sort of spoilt the mood. in hindsight wouldve preferred to have gone without and blown on the body slide. she finished me off with some hand relief. but by that stage i was feeling a bit over it (what can i say, im a moody bastard). shower on arrival and exit, clean and tidy. Sophia is very polite and friendly. may be tempted to go back for the nuru and body slide again, but will skip the extras


Floor: #7
Post Time: 14th January 2017, 12:27 PM
Poster ID: Poser
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sofia

Establishment : PML

Date of Visit : 13 Jan

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : http://sydney.backpage.com.au/BodyRu...-incl/18747777 

Hours of Business : 10 - 10pm

Rates : 200/hr

Age : mid to late 30s

Size/shape : 150cm tall, size 8-10, c cups

Nationality or Ethnicity : asian

Services Provided : massage, HJ and CBJ

Value for money/recommend? : For me, yes

My experience/comments : 

Was working out of Sydney and it was quiet, so decided to take an extended lunch break. Looking through backpage and saw her ad, decided 'why not?' I've had nuru massages before, the last one (3 years ago) was run by a group of ladies in Darlinghurst, just off the Oxford St in a group of terrace house and had a pretty good experience (ended up screwing my italian masseuse ).

Booking was pretty easy and quick - sms and arrange a time for 11am. She operates out of one of the apartments on the top floor of the building and she provided me with her floor and room number. Buzzed her at the entrance to have the lift sent down. Walked nonchalontly past the concierge, looking as if I was visiting a friend....ha.

Got up to her floor, knocked and was let in. Greeted with a smile on her cute face, had a quick chat over a glass of water and dealt with the financials before being led to the room upstairs. A quick shower and onto the two holed massage table. The massage was ok, mainly focused on the butt, ball and cock. SHe didn't mind my hands wandering or touching her. Turned over, some more massage on the front before she started the HJ. BEfore long, she had a dom and expertly put it on with her mouth, before going for the BJ. Didn't mind that I played with her boobs while she gave the CBJ. It wasn't long before 2 weeks worth of tadpoles were released into the bag. 

Will return as she is convenient and easy to get to and discreet.


Floor: #8
Post Time: 14th January 2017, 12:54 PM
Poster ID: Poser
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Mods, I think this lady should go into the private massage thread


Floor: #9
Post Time: 23rd January 2017, 04:12 PM
Poster ID: pharqueme
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
This is Joiline Tang    www.jolinetang.com
https://auxxxreviews.com/forum/f100/...38-312-a-11137


Floor: #10
Post Time: 23rd January 2017, 04:20 PM
Poster ID: WOTAN01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by free747


This is Joiline Tang    | Escort Services
https://auxxxreviews.com/forum/f100/...38-312-a-1113
"""



I doubt that, different mobiles and physiques.


Floor: #11
Post Time: 23rd January 2017, 06:13 PM
Poster ID: pharqueme
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Agree that body description is different but WLs change mobiles, the service description is exacly the same for Joline's old Nuru ads as is the location description and the photo editing of face is identical (poor) technique in current ad and website.

I had one of Joline's nuru massages years ago so maybe I'll go see Sofia and report back.


Floor: #12
Post Time: 23rd January 2017, 10:24 PM
Poster ID: wachumba
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by free747


This is Joiline Tang    www.jolinetang.com
https://auxxxreviews.com/forum/f100/...38-312-a-1113
"""



That picture of her on the home page does look very familiar and similar to what Joline used to advertise when she was doing Nuru.  The way the faces are blurred out are exactly the same as this Joline ad http://sydney.locanto.com.au/ID_4582...ry-Desire.html


