Thread Title: Le Boudoir - 81 Rokeby St, Collingwood - 03 9415 8055
Floor: #1
Post Time: 14th March 2010, 11:58 AM
Poster ID: Cando
Post Title: 
 Le Boudoir - 81 Rokeby St, Collingwood - 03 9415 8055
				
Post Content: 
Hi Folks,
This is my first and the gorgeous lady is Cherie from Le Boudoir in Collingwood, Melbourne. Cost is $160 per 30 mins. Cherie is worth every cent. She is in her 30's but has a body of a 25 year old. Fantasic oral and what she does with her tongue onyour balls just sends you to the roof and she is ust so giving and receptive from you. I highly recommend her.
Body 9/10
Oral 10/10
Service 9/10
from Cando


Floor: #2
Post Time: 15th May 2010, 10:47 AM
Poster ID: phil 23 feb
Post Title: 
 Jessica
				
Post Content: 
Establishment and/or person's Name: Le Boudoir - Jessica

Contact Details/Address: Collingwood

Prices: $240.00/hr

Age: Mid 30s

Size/shape: Tall & Slender

Nationality or Ethnicity: Australian

Services: Many (including Anal)

Value for money/recommend ? Yes

Other comments: Been seeing Jessica for a number of years, great service, goes the extra mile


Floor: #3
Post Time: 15th May 2010, 02:26 PM
Poster ID: someone or other
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hi Phil,

Can you just clarify whether Jessica's service includes anal at no extra cost or is it an extra (and if so, for how much)?

Cheers,

s.o.o.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 15th May 2010, 06:00 PM
Poster ID: phil 23 feb
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
SOO

Anal is an extra $100.00 in an hour booking

Phil


Floor: #5
Post Time: 22nd June 2010, 11:28 PM
Poster ID: whoever
Post Title: 
 Le Boudoir - Allie - xx/05/2010
				
Post Content: 
Hi all,

I went to Le Boudoir late one Friday night to see what was on offer.  I'd read good reviews on other boards but wanted to see for myself.

Someone had entered shortly before me, so I wasn't first to choose.  Upon seeing Scarlett leaving the downstairs room, I knew that the other patron would choose her.

Of the other girls working that night that I received introductions from, Allie was the most attractive.  She was taller than myself, had a nice body and short hair, all of which I like.

After paying my dues, going upstairs, having the health check and a shower, Allie offered to give me a massage.  Following the massage was a real GFE.

Allie offered a passionate GFE with a lot of kissing and a lot of DATY.  After some moaning and squirming, deep throat CBJ was offered, which I enjoyed.

CBJ was followed by mish, cowgirl and doggie.  When I tired, Allie encouraged.  While I failed to cum (because I'd drunk too much before going to Le Boudoir)  I thoroughly enjoyed the experience.

Allie is in her early to mid thirties with blonde hair running to her jawline combined with an undercut.  She is taller than me (being only 5'7" myself) with an awesome natural body.  I thought the $250 was money well spent.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 15th February 2011, 07:14 PM
Poster ID: Long Time Player
Post Title: 
 Le Boudoir Keeps Getting Better and Better
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Katie and Simone

Establishment : Le Boudoir

Date of Visit: Jan 2010

Contact Details/Address/Weblink:

Hours of Business: 

Rates: $245/$250 per hour

Age:

Size/shape:

Nationality or Ethnicity:

Services Provided:  Pretty much anything, 

Value for money/recommend?: Expensive but they deliver

My experience/comments: 

Lots of changes to the Collingwood/Abbotsford scene of late.  New owners at The Grosvenor (and name change and price hike!), new owners at Badabings, but Le Boudoir stays the same (actually price has gone up a bit, but I guess that's inevitable).  The most important thing though is that service quality is consistantly good.

I have only had two bad punts there ever and I have been going for many many years.  Even those bad ones were not that bad.

Now down to the recent reviews.

Katie.  What a gem.  Early 20s, killer body with a nice rack,great arse and just enough padding to make it all comfortable.  DFK with seemingly real passion, CBJ that almost instantly melts into real deep throat, DATY till you feel you've just washed your face,  great multi-positions,  up for virtually anything, anal and other more extreme things are extra.  I didn't partake as the 'standard service' was really really good.

On top of all that, she's an interesting conversationalist and the post coital massage is not too shabby.

Simone.  Another ripper find.  Friendly, obliging and seemingly really into it.  The punt was a couple of weeks ago, so I have forgotten the details.  The thing is, the memories are great and I am planning my next visit.  She was a true GFE, including great eye contact (always a turn-on) and quite a few compliments (actually my experience that's not quite GFE, but you get the idea).

I'll be back, often

More as it happens

LTP


Floor: #7
Post Time: 9th March 2011, 03:21 PM
Poster ID: fukmee
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Jane

Establishment :Le Boudoir collingwood Vic

Date of Visit:March 2011

Contact Details/Address/Weblink:http://www.leboudoir.com.au/

Hours of Business: 10.00am-5.00am

Rates:$165-$255

Age:mid 40s

Size/shape: slim

Nationality or Ethnicity:caucasian

Services Provided: FS, DATY,DFK,BBBJ,Anal

Value for money/recommend?: Excellent value. highly recommended.

My experience/comments: (Here you must give at least a general description of the experience which you have had - 25 word minimum is required to give fellow members an idea of time spent - "Ill be back" or "good value" is not a sentence or review. )




Went to Le Boudoir last Wednesday to catch up with Jane who has just started there after departing Collingwood Confidential.

As usual the action started even before the gear came off with lots of DFK as only Jane can do. Gear off and Janes great body was exposed in all its glory - the nipples larger than life as usual and soon I was, if not larger than life, large enough at least. Shower time, more DFK and BBBJ from Jane standing up. On to the bed and I positioned her at the edge so that I could kneel and get into a good position for DATY. My technique ( if you can call it that) is tongue on clit, one finger up her arse and one inside her pussy stimulating the G spot. Soon she was showing all the signs of enjoying herself and came with sounds of delight.

My turn for some pleasure and I left her at the edge of the bed so that I could assume what I call the 45 degree push up position - feet firmly on ground, arms full length on bed and do half pushups. Both vaginal and anal were on offer but on this occasion I chose anal - maybe vaginal for round two. After a good workout of pushups we both came in a lather of sweat. "Come down on top of me I'm coming" said Jane - so I obliged. Then came a nice back masage from Jane with plenty of attention to the arse area ( I prefer my massages after rather than before).

Then over on my back for some more oral which got me hard again. Jane hoped on for some reverse cowgirl so that I could give her arse some more attention but I was unable to cum again. Never mind. Shower then clothes and as usual more DFK whilst full clothed so that I was straining at my zipper as we left the room. Jane has lost none of her charms in the new environment and remains IMHO one of the very best - and she is a very nice person too.


Floor: #8
Post Time: 13th April 2011, 12:07 AM
Poster ID: Coconuts_one
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
sounds great. what times or days do people find are best?


Floor: #9
Post Time: 28th April 2011, 07:26 PM
Poster ID: gazza69
Post Title: 
 Kimberley
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Kimberley

Establishment : Le Boudoir

Date of Visit: 7 April 2011

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: Rokeby St MElbourne

Hours of Business: 

Rates: $170

Age: 30ish

Size/shape: Busty/slim

Nationality or Ethnicity: aus/kiwi

Services Provided: FS

Value for money/recommend?: Absolutely gorgeous

My experience/comments: Gorgeous Blond, a bit of a Marilyn Monroe look going on.Very sophisticated yet friendly. Watching her blowing me was amazing, she is so beautiful. Reverse Cowgirl was fantastic and she finished me off in no time. I'll definitely be back.


Floor: #10
Post Time: 11th May 2011, 08:37 AM
Poster ID: Coconuts_one
Post Title: 
 Sienna - Le Boudoir, Collingwood Vic
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Sienna

Establishment : Le Boudoir

Date of Visit: April 2011

Contact: Le Boudoir - 81 Rokeby St, Collingwood - 03 9415 8055
Hours of Business: 

Rates: $255 per hour

Age:late 20's

Size/shape: Curvy

Nationality or Ethnicity: White

Services Provided: hj, cbj, daty, 69, all positions

Value for money/recommend?: for sure

My experience/comments: Sienna was really friendly and asked what i liked. the usual intro stuff then sat on the bed naked, got close and into a lubed uncovered hj. she had great smooth, olive skin. real boobs and a little bit of extra ass. which was fine with me. cos ive recently broken up with a trim girl, nice for a change.

some daty then covered 69. started off with her on top, then reverse and then pretty much any position i could think of during the time. the right amount of noise, not over the top or to little. but her enthusiasum was great.

a top experience all up at Le Boudoir. the lady at the desk was nice. Sienna was the only girl i saw, the rest were busy. and i was in with no hesitation. will be back there soon to see who else they have.


Floor: #11
Post Time: 15th May 2011, 11:20 PM
Poster ID: mflinders
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Good to know that Jessica is still busy. I've seen her several times, but not in the last year. She loves to dress up and role play, which I really enjoy. Gorgeous pussy, well displayed in those big mirrors while giving head. A bit mechanical at times, charges for extras but well worth the money. Often needed to book  in advance.


Floor: #12
Post Time: 28th December 2012, 12:07 PM
Poster ID: KingCock
Post Title: 
 Le Boudoir - Ruby (Sexy young brunette)
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Ruby 

Establishment : Le Boudoir

Date of Visit : December 22nd. 2012

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Le Boudoir Melbourne Adult Entertainment Sex Workers Escorts Brothel

Hours of Business : 10am - 4am Sunday - Thursday, 10am - 5am Friday & Saturday

Rates : 1/2 Hour $185

Age : 26

Size/shape : Size 8 / slim, B-Cup

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : Full Service

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

Went down last Saturday night to Le Boudoir to check out the lovelies on offer. Saw a few during the intros but the sexiest one in my opinion was Ruby. She seemed shy at first appearance but had a beautiful cheeky grin which suggested that there was more than meets the eye. Anyway, up into the room and showered, she got into the shower with me and washed my cock. Then after drying, it was straight into DFK, DATY, 69, missionary, doggy, cowgirl, more DFK, she fucked me until I was bone dry and had the biggest grin on my face. Legs where feeling really wobbly after the session. It was a power packed session I must say. Thouroughly recommend her to all punters.


Floor: #13
Post Time: 9th October 2013, 12:26 PM
Poster ID: John1453
Post Title: 
 Collette - Girl next door blonde - Le Boudoir
				
Post Content: 
Collette Le Boudoir


Person's Name : Collette


Establishment : Le Boudoir


Date of Visit : 13/09/2011


Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 81 Rokeby St, Collingwood, VIC Brothel Melbourne Escorts Adult Entertainment Sex Workers Le Boudoir


Hours of Business : 10am - 5am


Rates : $255 an hour


Age : Early 30's


Size/shape : C cup, slim, a bit busty.


Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie


Services Provided : CBJ, DATY included in price, FS


Value for money/recommend? : Yep


My experience/comments :


This girl is about 30, with blonde hair. Overall her looks we pretty good not a stunner but not bad either. DATY was included with the regular price which I liked the sound. Gives the impression that the girl enjoys having her pussy licked which is a turn on. The session went a bit different to the norm. She came to the room with no panties and her unshaven pussy lubed up. She was wearing garters and a bra. Love it when girls just expose there pussies and keep the rest of their clothes on.slutty. 


Her pussy was trimmed but not shaved which I liked. There was no massage and straight into some titty sucking then oral.She then told me to stand up (I was wondering what was going to happen). She bend over the bed and told me to fuck her. This was quite close to the start of the session but I didn't mind the impromptu nature of it. After 5 minutes I told her I wanted to eat her pussy out. I went down on her for quite some time (probably 10 minutes). I believe she had a genuine orgasm and seemed like she really got off on it from what she said afterwards. Then went on to fuck here missionary style and blew a big cumload in the johnny I was wearing.


Overall would rate her quite well, this is a genuine GFE style experience and a bit different to the norm.


Floor: #14
Post Time: 20th October 2013, 03:48 PM
Poster ID: rexrunt82
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Holly

Establishment : Le Budoir, 

Date of Visit : 3rd August 2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Ph: 03 9415 8055 - 81 Rokeby Street, Collingwood http://www.lebudoir.com.au

Hours of Business : Sunday to Thursday 10am - 4am, Friday & Saturday 10am - 5am

Rates : Time 15min $100 - 20min $120 -  30min $165 - 45min $215 - 60min $255

Age : 24

Size/shape : 8 - 10 Slim but curvy

Nationality or Ethnicity : Caucasian / European Origin 

Services Provided : Pretty much everything

Value for money/recommend? : YES definitely

My experience/comments : I went to Le Boudoir around 3am one Saturday night. I was the only customer there and 5 girls made their intros, most of them fairly young (early 20s) and attractive.

 24 yo Holly's intro was short and simple. She came across as quite confident, I liked that. I was really keen on a one of the other girls who talked to me the longest and seemed a lot friendlier and easy-going but holly looked too hot for me to resist. Pretty face, chin length straight blonde hair. Her little black dress really showed off her nice toned legs and body. Petite yet she had subtle curves at the right places. And the best part for me, her boobs looked so good. Big and full for her body size.

 And when her clothes came off, those natural full perky boobs, oh man they were so perfect for me I could die. They weren't huge but they were the biggest they could be while still natural and perky. Soft flawless skin with some tattoos, I liked that too, they suit her. She was shaved and smooth down there. Tight little pussy with longish labia. So in terms of looks she was a dream come true for me. YMMV depending on your tastes.

 I got along with her well even though I was nervous because I don't punt much. I didn't ask about DATY at intro so I asked during the session and it turns out its not part of her full service, but she ended up letting me anyways, no extra charged. As for her performance I thought she did her job well. It was my first parlor experience and only a short 30 min so I didn't quite manage to calm my nerves enough to really enjoy her. But that's something I gotta sort out on my end. We ended up having a nice little conversation about food at the end.

 The lobby and the room was also very classy and clean. I loved the place. Overall it was a pretty good punt. Definitely going back


Floor: #15
Post Time: 25th May 2014, 09:26 PM
Poster ID: garry187
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Establishment and/or person's Name: Armenian French Girl(Forgot Name) Le Boudoir

Contact Details/Address: 81 Rokeby Street, Collingwood

Date: 20/04/14

Hours of Business: 10am till late

Prices:$230ph (+50 Extras)

Age:25-278
Size/shape:Hourglass, Busty

Nationality or Ethnicity: French

Services: GFE, CBJ, Multiple Positions, DATY, Kissing

Value for money/recommend?: Yes

My experience/comments: Two girls working that night, and older BBW and this french girl (unfortunately forgot her name). Great body, very busty, brunette, heart shaped arse about 5'7. Into the room, usual checks. Left while i showered, came back whilst i was sitting on the edge of the bed. She disrobed exposing some great lingerie. Im quite the waif and she took control straight away. She had a smirk on her face, I figured she thought i was still in school? Kelt on the bed pushing me back, really intimate. Unclipped her bra exposing magnificent breasts and she rubbed them in my face. Great kisser, I went to work with the DATY and felt like I had a chip on my shoulder trying to overcome her initial perception. Had her writhing with multiple orgasms( im well aware I sound like a douche here), her smirk soon swept away and I went to town with the in and out in multiple positions. Held off cumming and had great 69, really rough blow job(loved it) and I started rimming her, ended up blowing load in dom whilst throating me. One of the best punts ive had. 5 mins left and we were both drenched in a heap of sweat. Brief chat afterwards, shes in the finance industry and is here on a working visa. Amazing time, fully drained, felt like Rex Hunt.


Thread Title: Le Boudoir - 81 Rokeby St, Collingwood - 03 9415 8055
Floor: #16
Post Time: 16th June 2014, 07:14 PM
Poster ID: garry187
Post Title: 
 Raine - Le Boudoir - 15/06/14
				
Post Content: 
Establishment and/or person's Name: Raine Le Boudoir

Contact Details/Address: 81 Rokeby Street, Collingwood

Date: 15/06/14

Hours of Business: 10am till late

Prices:$165  Inclusive Half Hour

Age:25-278
Size/shape:Slim, Implants(Busty)

Nationality or Ethnicity: Caucasian(Aussie?)

Services: GFE, CBJ, DATY, Kissing

Value for money/recommend?: Yes

My experience/comments: Went to Collingwood Confidential however no girls available. Went down to Le Boudoir instead, 5 girls working. 1 Mature, very busty size 14, a leggy blonde whos just arrived, a asian girl who ive seen before (previously painted my peen red), a girl who was clearly on methadone or equivalent substance and Raine. Raine is a 5'7 slim bust Australian girl who introed herself as more GFE than PSE. I requested no pentration this session as I was just after a more intimate session of foreplay. Had a fantastic time, mutual oral, massage, 69. She came and tasted unusually sweet(diabetes?). We went over the buzzer time in which case she rolled over and i humped her furiously blowing my load across her back. Ace.


Floor: #17
Post Time: 5th October 2014, 02:10 PM
Poster ID: Wilhelmas
Post Title: 
 Le Boudoir - 81 Rokeby St, Collingwood - 03 9415 8055
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Kerry 

Establishment : La VBoudoir

Date of Visit : October 2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 

Hours of Business : 

Rates : 170 - 45 min 

Age : 20-25 

Size/shape : Petite

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian

Services Provided : Full Service - everything

Value for money/recommend? : Yes very much 

My experience/comments : 

I always like La Boudoir - for the class  - the service and most of the women are beautiful.
Went in during the week just looking for intro and see what tickles the fancy.
Only one on and 3 working.
Kerry - Asian - magnificent body - petite and very friendly.
her hair was waivey and blondish so she has that euro asian look.
She said she likes forplay and to take it slow so we kissed a while then i got to explore her and kissed her all over.
I rolled her over and kissed her cack and traveled down her back to her perfect ass.
Now i dont have mant fetishes but if its one thing i like is going down on a girl having her in the doggie style position.
I dont know why but I love it.
I got down there and she moaned as i lightly licked her - just a stubble spread of hair on her pussy absolute perfect.
She moaned into orgasim and got brilliantly wet.
She turned around and said you're turn as i stood on the edge of the bed she rolled a condom on and slowley blew me i was very close after a few minutes and asked if i could bend her over to which she said of course.
With that i gripped her perfect ass and thrusted in....I lasted 5 minutes But i just loved it.
If its slow you want then Kerry is the girl.
Good time 
And so did Kerry.


Floor: #18
Post Time: 23rd June 2015, 02:32 PM
Poster ID: lygon007
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Alicia
Establishment : Le Boudoir
Date of Visit : June 2015
Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 81 Rokeby St, Collingwood, (03) 9415 8055 
Hours of Business :
Rates : 275 - 60 min
Age : 25-30
Size/shape : Petite
Nationality or Ethnicity : Russian
Services Provided : Full Service

Value for money/recommend? : Nope, stay away


I hadn't been on a punt for quite some time, headed to CC first round and met with the girls who were working.

Neither of them (2 available at the time) interested me much and the third was booked out already which was unfortunate. In hindsight I should have stayed at CC and spent time with Kendra. I was in a mood for a shorter girl with a larger rack and boy did that fail on me as well ...

Anyway, into LeB I wander and I get introduced to one girl only, Alicia.

I was destined for a fuck so I went with it. She seemed nice, a little immature in a 'worldly' sense and didn't understand the question about her 'extras' and the cost. Kissing and GFE was all included she said, no extra charge, when we finally figure that part out ... 

Conversation was good, but slow as we went upstairs. Into the shower and she wandered off. No health check. In she came and I continued conversation and I approached her whilst she was about to undress, "on the bed" she prompted at me as she froze taking her top off. Hmmm ... I see, excellent start. She undressed and made her way onto the bed and we held and kissed _slightly_ before she insisted we move onto the next part.

O ... K ... yes, CBJ please.

That was quite good, in fact I should have held that for the entire session rather than attempting to fuck her.

After about 5mins or so she switched to her on top and hesitated to have anymore than than the head of my cock inside of her. She grew tired so onto missionary. Same a again, positioned in such a way that unless you can do the splits only the head of my penis went in.

Exasperated I pulled out and requested her to turn over for doggy.

"Hmmm ... No, I don't like that position", Hah! Fucking hell. Ok. "What position do you like?"

A long silence ...

Fuck this I was thinking.

I eventually got her to start giving me head again. She refused to move around 69 - not so I could have a taste but so I could get a view of her arse and pussy.

"I can't do this for much longer, my back is sore" she explained. The only thing allowing me to cum was closing my eyes, dreaming of other fucks I had had and eventually getting her to tickle my balls with her nails.

I blew, it was all over and it couldn't have happened fast enough. As we both showered I kept up conversation so as not to appear like a grouch. You know what, I get a feeling her language barrier - which isn't a massive one to be fair - but general demeanor is a put on. I asked her a question about where she had been in Australia and made a joke about Sydney, the immediate response from her was a little too quick based on the way the rest of the conversation had flowed and without accent that had me wondering ...

This is what I get for not reading reviews before wandering in, and also just wanting a fuck for fucks sake.

Had the lady at reception been there as I went downstairs I would have had a word but by this point I was over it.

Le Boudoir, you have given me some great times but it seems they were at the start of my punting. You do nothing buy burn a unsatisfied hole in my wallet these days.


Floor: #19
Post Time: 23rd June 2015, 09:25 PM
Poster ID: jakewond
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks mate, will avoid her if I see her there. I usually like LB girls.


Floor: #20
Post Time: 16th July 2015, 01:54 PM
Poster ID: ipdaily
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I think she intro ed me once and i could tell she was crap. Had that disinterested aura about her. 

Sent from my SM-G900I using Tapatalk


Floor: #21
Post Time: 29th October 2015, 07:58 PM
Poster ID: John1453
Post Title: 
 Sarah - Le Boudoir Collingwood
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sarah

Establishment : Le Boudoir Collngwood

Date of Visit : 3/10/2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 
81 Rokeby St, Collingwood VIC 3066, Australia


03 9415 8055



Hours of Business : 10am - 4am

Rates : $265/hr

Age : Late 30's

Size/shape : Slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : FS, CBJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : I visited LB for the first time in a while. Usually I visit Collingwood Confidential first and if I don't like the girls I'll visit LB which is a bit more expensive. Sarah had a slim slightly skanky look about here which I liked. She is slim, blond, smallish tits and probably late 30's.

The sex was better than expected with a fairly good massage followed by cbj and mish. I then move onto doggie which she was keen to do and I blew a pretty big load not long after. Overall this was a respectable punt. I probably wouldn't go back but then again I very rarely see the same girl twice.


Floor: #22
Post Time: 16th January 2016, 08:17 PM
Poster ID: a3dollabil
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Establishment and/or person's Name: Le Boudoir - Coco

Contact Details/Address: Collingwood

Prices: $240.00/hr

Age: Late 20s

Size/shape: Short, curvy, busty

Nationality or Ethnicity: African

Services: Standard

Value for money/recommend? Yes

Other comments:

Called LB to see which busty girls were available and the receptionist recommended. Went into meet her and was taken by her intelligence and bust size, so booked a 30 minute session. 

Coco lead me upstairs and chatted with me while I had a shower. Then as I was drying, went downstairs for minute.

When she came back, we chatted about what I wanted, which was nothing unusual, and she jumped on the bed for some DFK. 

That quickly turned into her on me, then me on her, then her on all fours, while I watched her lovely tits and ass in the mirror.

When I was done, she gave me a little massage, which was very welcome.

WIR: An enjoyable time was had and have seen her since.


Floor: #23
Post Time: 17th January 2016, 02:26 PM
Poster ID: WOTAN01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by a3dollabil


Establishment and/or person's Name: Le Boudoir - Coco

Contact Details/Address: Collingwood


WIR: An enjoyable time was had and have seen her since
"""



What dates were these encounters? Please always use the Standard Template for your reviews and fill in the types of services; Standard is not much detail to me.


Floor: #24
Post Time: 20th January 2016, 04:29 PM
Poster ID: a3dollabil
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by WOTAN010


What dates were these encounters? Please always use the Standard Template for your reviews and fill in the types of services; Standard is not much detail to me
"""



Dec 2015

Services: CBJ, FS


Floor: #25
Post Time: 12th April 2016, 03:07 AM
Poster ID: ExplicitMe
Post Title: 
 Valerie - Le Boudoir
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Valerie

Establishment : Le Boudior

Date of Visit : 11/04/16

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : www.leboudior.com.au

Hours of Business : 10 am - 4 am

Rates : $265 p/hr

Age : 28-30

Size/shape : size 8, fairly slim (non-athletic)

Nationality or Ethnicity : Caucasian 

Services Provided : Full service, GFE

Value for money/recommend? : Great value, definitely recommend

My experience/comments : 

Been trolling the PPG site for a nice caucasian girl to try out and came across some nice reviews for a few parlours including Club 859(?), Collingwood Confidential and Le Boudior. Rang Le Boudior and the receptionist listed out all the girls in quick succession. I asked her to describe them to me and that I was a looking for a slim, young broad. 

Valerie's name came up and range a bell in my scourging of the forums. Decided to drive over and have a look for myself what the fuss is all about. This place is nicer than the asian parlours with classic decor and clean rooms, the girls were more or less all caucasian except for one asian. Sat down by the receptionist and intro'd 2 girls, could only remember one of them, Ella. Had to wait another 10 min for Valerie. She came downstairs 5 min later in a hotel robe and all I could say is, she was real cute and tall! Legs that go on for miles, and looked real hot in the robe with tussled hair. Intro'd shortly after in a miniskirt and sleeveless top (they're a little more classy here) and it was an all inclusive package (non of this deluxe rubbish)

Was sold - put $265 down for an hour.

Commenced routine:
- Check up
- Shower 
- Girls go BRB

I asked her if I could undress her and she obliged while giving me a nice GFE DFK (things are looking up). Undressed her to her underwear, put her on the bed and proceeded to kiss her all over (ALL OVER). I then gave her a nice massage and ate her out like a fat kid eating cake. Clean shaven (slight regrowth which didn't bother me, especially with a view like that). I got her to cum and could feel her pussy tighten up with my two fingers in there.

My turn - She gave kissed me all over, lubed up my cock and starting working wonders on it with her hands. Put the cover on starting to give a real nice CBJ with a good motion and plenty of suction. She is able to really envelope the whole penis and deep throated like a champ (although I am no king dick). For some unknown reason, despite her being so attractive and passionate my little bro limped out. She got me to relax, and gave a good effort to get him going again! Working all sorts from caressing to a nice 5 min dfk session to no avail. So she kindly ended with a handjob and gave a soft and relaxing massage.

Overall a great experience - would love to be able to perform a little better and unleash a load inside her pink luscious pussy.

WIR - Definitely.


Floor: #26
Post Time: 21st October 2016, 10:53 PM
Poster ID: Pete Lestat
Post Title: 
 Le Boudior - Layla - Oct 2016
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Layla

Establishment : Le Boudoir

Date of Visit : OCt 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : www.leboudoir.com.au

Hours of Business : 10am - 4am

Rates : $270/hr

Age : mid 20's

Size/shape : slim and curvy

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian / Euro background

Services Provided : FS, CBJ, DATY, DFK

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)
Had a cancellation for another appointment this evening, and was already in the mood for some fun so did a bit of research.

I did call about an hour before to see who was available, and had read good things about Lucy so was looking forward to meeting her when the girl on the phone said she was on this evening. By the time I got there, Lucy had apparently just left and I met three of the available girls and discussed their services with them individually.

Layla was the first I met and felt a connection with, plus the tight red dress she was wearing looked very appealing. The other two ladies were nice enough, but I decided to spend an hour with Layla.

With the commercials out of the way, Layla led me to the upstairs room which was quite tastefully decorated and spacious. In to the large shower with fresh soap and a small cup of mouthwash, while Layla went off for a few minutes. When I had finished the shower and dried off, and Layla returned, it was straight in to some kissing and mutual groping for a few minutes and then over to the bed.

More kissing and caressing, and some time spend pleasuring Layla, which she responded to well and did genuinely appear to be having a good time. She returned the favour in plenty on me with some very nice CBJ and then CB. I thought about trying something different but the view and the motion was so good, plus she was really in to it, that we just kept going until it was over.

No offer of a fake massage afterwards, just cuddling and plenty of chat. Layla is a very intelligent young woman who knows how to please and take pleasure.

Review also posted on another site.


Floor: #27
Post Time: 18th April 2017, 08:10 AM
Poster ID: TLC69
Post Title: 
 Phoenix - Le Boudoir
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Phoenix 

Establishment : Le Boudoir

Date of Visit : April 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Welcome to Melbourne's Finest Brothel - Le Boudoir  81 Rokeby St, Collingwood VIC 3066 PH: 9415 8055

Hours of Business : 10am to 4am

Rates : $270 per hour

Age : 30's

Size/shape : Curvy

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian 

Services Provided : FS, CBJ, DFK, DATY

Value for money/recommend? : Very good service. lovely girl

My experience/comments :Had a intro, few ladies on and decided to pick Phoenix. Early 30s, blonde, very good looking with pierced nipples. After the usual, started with a bit of foreplay with kissing and touching  and then DATY, which she enjoy. The my turn with a CBJ. Then moved into missionary, cowgirl and doggy. Ask if I could cum on her ass and she was happy to let me. Got a good massage and was easy to talk. Will have to make time to go back and see her one of these day.


Floor: #28
Post Time: 25th February 2018, 01:20 AM
Poster ID: atevaz
Post Title: 
 Luna - Le Boudoir - Collingwood - 03 9415 8055
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Luna

Establishment : Le Boudoir

Date of Visit : Jan 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 03 94158055

Hours of Business : Weekday Day shift

Rates : $275

Age : Early 20s

Size/shape : Athletic/ Toned/ Natural 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Dutch

Services Provided : GFE Full Service - LFK, CBJ, mutual massage

Value for money/recommend? : ABSOLUTELY

My experience/comments : 
Young
Blonde
Dutch
Beautifully tanned
Youthful
Natural D
Good time
-End of Review-
Wait! do I really need to write anymore? 

I met Luna after a long day of work, late afternoon, I rocked up to try my luck and bingo, Luna was on and was available! Luna is very down to earth and I love her vibe, straight talker with the cute Dutch accent, reminded me of my good time in Amsterdam. 

I also had a great time with Luna over a 45min booking. Luna did not offer all the services I usually after (ball-licking/ tea bagging), but I still have a great time. Over the years, I have learnt to accept that life is not perfect, especially at a price of merely $275/hr. For this amount of money, I had a company of a young lovely dutch girl. 

WIR? YES!

Quick rating
Appearance: 9/10
Service: 7/10 
Atmosphere: 9/10


Floor: #29
Post Time: 25th January 2019, 09:25 PM
Poster ID: Diamondcutter75
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Agree with the review of Luna, although I thought her sex service a bit higher 8/10. She has an incredible way to move herself when she's on top . It feels so good that Its like your doing it without protection. Once I had to tell her to stop so I could check that it hadn't broken.


