Thread Title: On On Chen - 7-9 Duke St, Abbotsford - 03 9428 8668
Floor: #1
Post Time: 30th September 2010, 10:56 PM
Poster ID: musiccynic
Post Title: 
 On On Chen - 7-9 Duke St, Abbotsford - 03 9428 8668
				
Post Content: 
Establishment and/or person's Name: The Duchess, 

I can not remember the girls name, but she works during the day, is asian, very attractive and slightly older (perhaps in her late thirties) than the other girls

Contact Details/Address: 9 Duke St Abbotsford, http://www.yellowpages.com.au/vic/ab...2-listing.html

Hours of Business: I think 10 to 10, perhaps later

Prices:hand relief with massage, i think it was around $70 for 20 minutes, but this was a year ago.

Age: 30+

Size/shape: very fit, curvy (not fat), and decent fake breasts.

Nationality or Ethnicity: Asian.

Services: they offer for full, oral or hand relief with massage 

Value for money/recommend?:  It is worth the price of the massage alone.

My experience/comments:

 I just get a massage with hand relief, always with the same girl (apologies I do not remember her name, but she is older than the other girls so easy to spot).

She will offer either a soft or hard massage.  The massage is worth the price alone, I am pretty relaxed before the good finish.  She moves from the massage to finish seemlessly.  I have stopped going to other places for the last few years because I find the massage with the happy ending a better deal than that offered by most brothels in Melbourne.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 31st January 2011, 10:36 AM
Poster ID: Salsa
Post Title: 
 On On Chen, 7-9 Duke Street, Abbottsford, 03 9428 8668
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name:Annie

Establishment (if applicable):On On Chen

Contact Details/Address: Duke St Abbottsford

Hours of Business: (if known or applicable) 24/7

Prices: all pretty standard - $110 per half hour (massage & FS), Massage & HJ also available @ around $80

Age:very early 20s

Size/shape:slim but shapely

Nationality or Ethnicity:Chinese

Services:Full Sex, BJ (Covered)

Value for money/recommend?efinitely recommend. Great service!

My experience/comments: 

This is a re-post of a review I posted a couple of weeks ago. Apologies to those of you who have already read it. In my earlier post I didn't fill out all required details.

"I've been curious about this place for a while. I'd read a review somewhere, some time ago that spoke in glowing terms about it but I always felt it looked a bit dodgy whenever I've casually cruised by. So, until today, I'd never ventured in (yeh, I'm a sad bastard ... need to take a few more chances).

Anyhow, I'm through the door and the mamasan (polite but shrewd-looking, no putting one over her) sits me down and calls for introductions. What soon followed was a parade of 5 or 6 pretty much gorgeous, twenty-something, Asian honey-pots. I'm a bit selective when it comes to women. If I'm paying I want a honey. I know that's not the best policy 'cause a lot of honeys are up themselves and give a crap service; but I didn't say I wasn't a sucker. Never learn. One day I'm gonna book an old chick with wrinkles and a 'marsh'.

These chicks all seemed to have a good attitude (as much as you can tell in a split second intro) although one or two maybe seemed a bit bored (maybe last night was a late night). As usual I was drawn to the hottest of the hot stuff I'd just met ... dark, shoulder length curls straying over her lovely face, intelligent looks and a cheeky smile. She would certainly deliver (Damn it! Can't remember her name).

But, wait a minute, maybe I am leaning from experience. I don't pick Miss Hottest of Hot. I ask for Annie, the first in the intro parade. Perhaps she's not quite as good-looking (although, I stress, she's still 9.9999/10) but she's got a very comely smile, a great, great, great body and an attractive, friendly, happy face and something tells me it will be a friendly, happy half-hour experience.

OK ... so, into the room, shower, Annie returns and peels off her clothes. I wasn't wrong. Perfect body, beautiful mammaries (not huge or enhanced; natural with enticing pink nipples. My eyes run down her frame. Flat tummy, shaved pussy (maybe I'm weird but I love shaved puss) and shapely thighs.

I'm a bit shy first time with a girl so I don't go for broke initially ... like to get to know them over a few visits. I'd like to spend a little time holding and caressing her standing by the bed, fondling her tits and butt and allowing her to handle me. But that can wait till next time.

Onto the bed and she starts a slow, sensual massage. First my back, moving down over my arse to my legs. On the way back up each leg her hands brush against my sack, just enough to get me stirring. She's sitting on top of me now, rubbing my back again with her hands and rubbing the back of my with her warm, moist pussy. Wow. I've had this sort of treatment before but, with the right girl, this is heaven. She's sitting beside me now and her hand begins gently playing with my sack, tickling but now with serious intent. She glides fingers in around the sack and gradually, reaching further under, starts massaging my shaft. I could go on like this forever, no, it's too much. Must be 10 minutes into my time now (I think ... but I'm not sure about time any more) so I roll over and let her start full on with my cock. I coax her to change position so I can get an eyeful of her pussy close up (I'm gonna be in there soon). Now she's got a condom on me (how did that happen?) and she's stroking my cock with her wondrous lips, taking me in more deeply than I thought possible while all the while looking up at me with her soulful eyes.

Man, I can't take any more. Got to begin the real thing. I've developed a bit of a liking for pumping chicks while they are sitting / lying on a massage table or something. I like that you can hold their legs up and apart and really get full access to their pussy ... not to mention the view (drool).

There's no massage table here but there's a bench so I ask her politely, almost jokingly 'cause I'm not sure how she'll respond, if we can do it with her up on the bench. "No worries". Shes all for it. She hops up with her butt on the bench. It's pretty much just the right height so that I can stand between her legs and not have to bend down or stand on tippy-toe to get inside her. I take hold of her legs and part them, lifting them so that they bend slightly at the knees. All I gotta do now is slide my rock hard cock in between those little pink lips. Oh yes, she's tight!

Annie takes my hands and holds them as I thrust into her repeatedly. Holding hands, each pulling the other towards them, gives us traction (is that the word?) so that it's no trouble staying up firm and close to her. She's moaning softly and smiling warmly at me. If it's not for real then it's a good act. Anyhow, I don't care. This is all only real while were in the room together.

I'm so far gone at this stage that it only takes about 1 minute of pumping and I shoot my load. Yeh, I know, I'm a sad fucker.

Anyhow, what can I say, the rest is history.

I'll be going 'back to Bow River' again when I can (maybe tomorrow). Hope to see Annie again but, as we know, happiness is fleeting; the girl you love is often gone the next morning and you never see her again. But I'm not joining a monastery (they're all poofters in those places). If Annie has flown the coop I'll screw another honey.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 31st January 2011, 01:49 PM
Poster ID: Buckland Boy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Great review mate. Great to see that all the planets lined up for you.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 11th May 2011, 07:58 PM
Poster ID: kazuya
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name:Wendy

Establishmen:On On Chen/ The Duchess

Contact Details/Address: Duke St Abbottsford

Hours of Business: (if known or applicable) 

Prices: all pretty standard -Massage and HJ $ 80 / half hr

Age:late 20s

Size/shape:slim 

Nationality or Ethnicity:Korean

Services:Massage and HJ

Value for money/recommend?: YES

My experience/comments: Wendy took me to room and gave me one of the best massage! She doesn't allow touching her though. In the beginning I tried to touch her and than she she asked me to change it to FS. So after that my mood dropped a little bit but then she made it up by giving me a really good massage. The best HJ I ever got. And still had 5 min so she game me nice rub after HJ with nice chatting with her. she turns out to be very nice person as well. Will go back to see her for sure


Floor: #5
Post Time: 14th June 2011, 01:53 PM
Poster ID: Salsa
Post Title: 
 On On Chen - Annie
				
Post Content: 
I posted this review on another forum earlier this year.

I've been curious about this place for a while. I'd read a review   somewhere, some time ago that spoke in glowing terms about it but I   always felt it looked a bit dodgy whenever I've casually cruised by. So,   until today, I'd never ventured in (yeh, I'm a sad bastard ... need to   take a few more chances).

Anyhow, I'm through the door and the mamasan  (polite but  shrewd-looking, no putting one over her) sits me down and  calls for  introductions. What soon followed was a parade of 5 or 6  pretty much  gorgeous, twenty-something, Asian honey-pots. I'm a bit  selective when  it comes to women. If I'm paying I want a honey. I know  that's not the  best policy 'cause a lot of honeys are up themselves and  give a crap  service; but I didn't say I wasn't a sucker. Never learn.  One day I'm  gonna book an old chick with wrinkles and a 'marsh'.

These chicks all seemed to have a good attitude (as much as you can tell   in a split second intro) although one or two maybe seemed a bit bored   (maybe last night was a late night). As usual I was drawn to the  hottest  of the hot stuff I'd just met ... dark, shoulder length curls  straying  over her lovely face, intelligent looks and a cheeky smile.  She would  certainly deliver (Damn it! Can't remember her name).

But, wait a minute, maybe I am leaning from experience. I don't pick   Miss Hottest of Hot. I ask for Annie, the first in the intro parade.   Perhaps she's not quite as good-looking (although, I stress, she's still   9.9999/10) but she's got a very comely smile, a great, great, great   body and an attractive, friendly, happy face and something tells me it   will be a friendly, happy half-hour experience.

OK ... so, into the room, shower, Annie returns and peels off her   clothes. I wasn't wrong. Perfect body, beautiful mammaries (not huge or   enhanced; natural with enticing pink nipples. My eyes run down her   frame. Flat tummy, shaved pussy (maybe I'm weird but I love shaved puss)   and shapely thighs.

I'm a bit shy first time with a girl so I don't go for broke initially   ... like to get to know them over a few visits. I'd like to spend a   little time holding and caressing her standing by the bed, fondling her   tits and butt and allowing her to handle me. But that can wait till  next  time.

Onto the bed and she starts a slow, sensual massage. First my back,   moving down over my arse to my legs. On the way back up each leg her   hands brush against my sack, just enough to get me stirring. She's   sitting on top of me now, rubbing my back again with her hands and   rubbing the back of my with her warm, moist pussy. Wow. I've had this   sort of treatment before but, with the right girl, this is heaven. She's   sitting beside me now and her hand begins gently playing with my sack,   tickling but now with serious intent. She glides fingers in around the   sack and gradually, reaching further under, starts massaging my shaft.  I  could go on like this forever, no, it's too much. Must be 10 minutes   into my time now (I think ... but I'm not sure about time any more) so  I  roll over and let her start full on with my cock. I coax her to  change  position so I can get an eyeful of her pussy close up (I'm gonna  be in  there soon). Now she's got a condom on me (how did that happen?)  and  she's stroking my cock with her wondrous lips, taking me in more  deeply  than I thought possible while all the while looking up at me  with her  soulful eyes.

Man, I can't take any more. Got to begin the real thing. I've developed a   bit of a liking for pumping chicks while they are sitting / lying on a   massage table or something. I like that you can hold their legs up and   apart and really get full access to their pussy ... not to mention the   view (drool).

There's no massage table here but there's a bench so I ask her politely,   almost jokingly 'cause I'm not sure how she'll respond, if we can do  it  with her up on the bench. "No worries". Shes all for it. She hops up   with her butt on the bench. It's pretty much just the right height so   that I can stand between her legs and not have to bend down or stand on   tippy-toe to get inside her. I take hold of her legs and part them,   lifting them so that they bend slightly at the knees. All I gotta do now   is slide my rock hard cock in between those little pink lips. Oh yes,   she's tight!

Annie takes my hands and holds them as I thrust into her repeatedly.   Holding hands, each pulling the other towards them, gives us traction   (is that the word?) so that it's no trouble staying up firm and close to   her. She's moaning softly and smiling warmly at me. If it's not for   real then it's a good act. Anyhow, I don't care. This is all only real   while were in the room together.

I'm so far gone at this stage that it only takes about 1 minute of pumping and I shoot my load. Yeh, I know, I'm a sad fucker.

Anyhow, what can I say, the rest is history.

I'll be going 'back to Bow River' again when I can (maybe tomorrow).   Hope to see Annie again but, as we know, happiness is fleeting; the girl   you love is often gone the next morning and you never see her again.   But I'm not joining a monastery (they're all poofters in those places).   If Annie has flown the coop I'll screw another honey.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 20th November 2011, 07:29 PM
Poster ID: MTO
Post Title: 
 Yoko, The Dutchess, Abbotsford
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name :  Yoko

Establishment : The Duchess, 

Date of Visit :  12/11/11

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :  Duke St Abbotsford  


Hours of Business :   11am till late

Rates :  230 hr

Age :  early 20s

Size/shape :  D cup, slim

Nationality or Ethnicity :  Japanese

Services Provided :  CBJ, sex, massage

Value for money/recommend? :  good value

My experience/comments : 

Feeling a bit horny on a saturday night so I popped in to the Duchess. They usually have Asian girls, though there was also an Indian girl this night. I went with a cute Japanese girl who paraded out in some very tight jeans & a bikini top. She had a beautiful pair of breasts & light brown hair. She was slim but not tiny.

Had a shower & then down to business. Started off with a nice blow job and then on to the sex. Tried a variety of positions including doggie & cowgirl before she finished me off with a very good CBJ. 

We were both tired out by this point. She gave me a very good massage & we had a bit of a talk, though her English wasn't great.

The girls seem to change with some regularity at this place & Yoko said she moved between different Australian cities including Sydney & Brisbane, but would be back in Melbourne next year. Hopefully I will get to see her again.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 9th June 2012, 10:56 PM
Poster ID: musiccynic
Post Title: 
 The Duchess - Duke St Abbottsford
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name:

Establishment: On On Chen/ The Duchess

Contact Details/Address: Duke St Abbottsford

Hours of Business: (if known or applicable) 

Prices: Massage and FS $120 / 45min

Age:late 20s

Size/shape:curvy

Nationality or Ethnicity:Korean

Services:Massage and Full Service

Value for money/recommend?: No

My experience/comments: I used to visit this place because I could get a very good massage and a very happy ending.  I have been twice in the last six months after an absence of at least a year and on both occasions I have received a rubbish massage.  Basically the massage amounts to light touching (almost tickling), then the flip and on with the business. 

I am not complaining about the service afterwoods on both occasions the girls got me to the finish and I left happy.  My complaint is that I miss the really good massage.


Floor: #8
Post Time: 31st July 2012, 08:03 PM
Poster ID: keykey
Post Title: 
 The Duchess - Ashley
				
Post Content: 
Establishment and/or person's Name: The Duchess - Ashley

Contact Details/Address: 7- 9 Duke St Abbotsford 3067 / 03 9428 8668

Prices: $115/30 mins

Age: mid 20s

Size/shape: 10

Nationality or Ethnicity: Indian

Services: FS

Value for money/recommend ? Yes

My experience:  This place is usually an all-asian brothel, but you do get the odd Indian working which is good for variety.  Went here on a weekend and booked Ashley who is an Indian.  She is an university student working to make ends meet, but more of a mature type - probably mid to late 20's.  Face is average, but nice body with decent sized tits, c cuppers, curvy but not fat.  Like other Indian girls i have met, wears gold colour bracelets around her waist and ankles.  Overall session was very enjoyable, a tad clinical but very willing and accommodating.  There was lot's of body kissing, ball licking fondling before the main event, and she was happy to try a number of positions.  Finished a few minutes earlier, and offered a massage to complete the time, so a good value punt all up.


Floor: #9
Post Time: 13th March 2013, 11:49 PM
Poster ID: Monkey pants
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : the madam

Establishment : the duchess

Address: 7/9 Duke St  Abbotsford VIC 3067

Date of Visit : feb 2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 

Hours of Business : 9428 8668 

Rates : $90 included massage, handjob, and her hand in my ass - I got 40 minutes

Age : late 40's

Size/shape : lean

Nationality or Ethnicity : chinese

Services Provided : massage with extras

Value for money/recommend? : great

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

really skilled hands,
experienced and vigorous,
really thrust her hand into my ass, and hand gripped my cock like a vice,

no friendly banter but she new how to milk a


Floor: #10
Post Time: 14th November 2013, 09:09 PM
Poster ID: Bones
Post Title: 
 The duchess Abbostford
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jenny

Establishment : The Duchess

Date of Visit : 30/8/13

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : :(03) 9428 8668

Hours of Business : 10.30am - 3.30am

Rates : 100 for half hour

Age : 25

Size/shape :8 little bit chubby

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : BJ 

Value for money/recommend? : yeh would recomend 

My experience/comments : So I went down to the Duchess for one of their $50 R n T but the lady on reception convinced me for the $100 full service and BJ so I thought why not,  The girl was pretty good, she had nice boobs thats why i chose her, she gave me a good boody rub and then then an absolute gem of a BJ and i came hard, i didnt get her for a full service becuase apparently could only come once. so I left a little dark on that but overall will be back


Floor: #11
Post Time: 14th October 2014, 01:11 PM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : jenny

Establishment : on-on chen

Date of Visit : 14/10/2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0394288668

Hours of Business : 10am till late

Rates : $120 30 mins

Age : 26

Size/shape : size 8 b-cup slightly pear shaped.

Nationality or Ethnicity : japanese

Services Provided : fs

Value for money/recommend? : yes

My experience/comments :  I popped in here after sussing out 609 Victoria st again. The boss is an aussie man and we haven't always seen eye to eye.   I was told 2 girls on so I thought this will be easy, have a look then split.   First girl Jenny presented in a see through skirt with black bra and G-string.  Hair slightly wet, prob from a previous booking.  Lovely smile and an excited look on her face and I was hooked.  Japanese look about her and confirmed in the room.  Other girl just popped her head out and said hi.   

Upstairs jenny was playful touching my  member through my pants before she left while I entered shower. She looks like one of my fav jav pornstars.  When she returned she left G-string on and rubbed it all over my member while laughing and moaning.   Her G-string was one of those hard wire like fabric and I could see her pussy slightly hanging out from the G-string at times, very sexy.  She knew how to turn me on.   After this initial teasing, she starts licking and sucking the nipples.  Oral followed  bj after some ball licking.  It was ok.    She then let me rub the clit of her shaved puddy.   

Fs started in missionary with me giving her light kisses on her lips and neck.  She has a lovely smile and  I would lean up during the sex just to look at her lovely face.  After about 4 mins she placed a leg behind my rear and slapped my rear with her hand, and to counteract her control, I placed my right leg on the outside of hers and then placed by left leg on the outside of her leg and forced them in, so im doing her missionary with her legs together, and jenny found this amusing.

Jennys neck smelt good as I layed pressed against her on top, slowly penetrating her.  We then did some doggy scissors and reverse cowgirl, but we ended up back in missionary with her telling me to "cmon" in a nice way.

Didn't get there, and didn't care really.  Enjoyed her company, lovely girl with a nice classic Japanese face and smile . Stomach has a little amount of flab but lovey skin and nice shaped rear end.   There is a jenny above who fits her description who is reported as being chinese, well if this is her she is Japanese and the service was top notch.  Told the boss on way out she was lovely.


Floor: #12
Post Time: 14th October 2014, 01:29 PM
Poster ID: Squirter
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
$120 and you still didn't cum? Good write up but disappointed you could not deliver. Was she not hot enough for you to crack a major hard on? Well hopefully you learn from this mistake.


Floor: #13
Post Time: 14th October 2014, 01:37 PM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
im pretty sure I said I didn't care about the lack of produce


