Floor: #1
Post Time: 22nd February 2011, 12:32 PM
Poster ID: stevenboy
Post Title: 
 1/12 Norman St, Peakhurst - 02 9534 7377
				
Post Content: 
Address: 1/12 Norman St PEAKHURST 2210
Phone: 02 9534 7377
Rates: 70 half an hour / 100 an hour
Hours of Business: from 10am till late (2am)
Age: from 18-30
Size/shape: okay
Ethnicity: chinese/korean/japanese
Services Provided: full service
Value for money/recommend?: good and will come back regularly
My experience/comments: 

I tried Kerrie (chinese korean)
she got cute face, busty, nice pinkie nipple, boddy is good, make you go hard when she nude.. 
she like to kiss, many eyes looking, like a girlfriend feeling..
her blow job (cbj)skill is also good, and she like doggie style..
her skin is so clean, look like she look after herself very well..
if any brothers has bbbj from her, pls let me know..
because i like to come back to her 
some other girl can do bbbj


Floor: #2
Post Time: 9th March 2011, 01:58 PM
Poster ID: jetset
Post Title: 
 First Review: 1/12 Norman St Penhurst, NSW 2222
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Bella

Establishment : I don't know the name only the address

Date of Visit: 04/03/2011

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: 1/12 Norman st Penhurst. phone: 02 9534 7377

Hours of Business: 10am till late 

Rates: 1hr-> $100  - 1/2hr->  $75 

Age: 21 -23

Size/shape: Slim

Nationality or Ethnicity: Chinese (they have koreans as well)

Services Provided: Full service

Value for money/recommend?: I would recommend it

My experience/comments: I went on a Friday night (around 11pm), a friend recommended me the place and for the price I was expecting it to be very busy. They had 5 girls working at that time, so I sit on the couch, they passed me a few magazines and after 20 minutes I got to see a girl who did not convinced me (a bit skinny for my taste). 

After and hour Bella came in to say hello and I ask her to go for 1 hour, she had a slim figure probably size 8, between 20 - 23 years old and her nationality was Chinese. Was very friendly and the only thing she said no was anal. I asked her for a massage, thing she gladly did, had a bit of a chat, god bj, many positions. It was worth the wait, I'll definitely be back.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 23rd June 2011, 02:14 PM
Poster ID: bill_100
Post Title: 
 12 Norman St Peakhurst
				
Post Content: 
Brothel – 1/12 Norman St Peakhurst NSW Australia

Visited in March 2011

Name: Co-Co - Chinese
Link – no website 
Face: 3.5/5
Body: 4/5
Estimated age of the girl: about 25 
Skill: 5/5
Service: 4.5/5
Detailed account of the experience: 
This is a new shop that has recently opened and is currently charging $100 for one hour service or $150 for outcalls which must be the cheapest in Sydney. Not sure if it was only an opening special but while it last is worth the drive and to have two hours sessions. It is staffed by young mainly Chinese girls although there is a least one Korean and one Japanese student working there. It is definitely worth the drive to visit there as long as the price and the quality of girls remain as it is.

The establishment is located in an industrial estate in a "dead end" street with parking outside the unit or on the street.
The industrial unit has been fitted out with many rooms all wit double bed, shower recess, chair etc. Unfortunately no mirrors yet but it is customary at this shop to provide "shower with the girl" which is good.

As is typical with most Sydney Asian establishments there is no line up but so far all the girls have turned out to be reasonably attractive and give good service.

Co-co is a slim Chinese girl about 5' 4", size 6 with nicely formed B+ cup breasts which have sensitive nipple. She has recently come to study in Sydney and English level is good and can have a very intelligent conversation. Like most of the girls there they are working to help pay their way through their studies.

I have seen her twice (she was the first girl I tried there but she was away for some weeks and has just returned)

This is a description of the last session but my first visit was very similar. Co-co wore a sexy short black dress this time and a similar light colour one before.

Pay the money to Co-co for a two hour session and she takes it to the Receptionist and returns quickly with towels and cover sheet. Co-co wore a sexy short black dress and disrobed and helped me to do so too. We carefully step into the shower for cleansing which is a bit cramped for two people. She kisses gently and then begins to wash me all over, starting at the chest and then progressing down below which gets a very good cleaning front and back. She then drops down to do a BBBJ but I refuse this for hygiene reasons.

After the shower step out and dry off then on to the bed for action. At this stage I always give the girl a bit of a tip which I find is always appreciated and I think one get better service. She likes being kissed and loves her breasts being touched and her nipples sucked. She also likes being stroked and when you run your hand down her body especially around her inner thighs she visibly shakes as she must be very sensitive there.

After she is worked up a bit I proceeded to fingering her (she insisted on using a condom as do the other girls at this shop) and she went into multiple orgasms and squeezes her legs together which she says makes it more intense for her. She gets extremely wet and seems embarrassed as she must be a squirter as it goes through the cover. She goes to have another quick shower, out to get a clean cover, then back to look after me. We continue kissing and petting then on to a BJ (with my condom, my choice) for a while. She keeps eye contact during this operation which is good.

After that recap and on to full service in the missionary position. After this she gave me a nice relaxing massage then a bit of talk about China.

Conclusion: Co-co is a nice intelligent girl who appears to be ready to please. She is really sensitive

Overall score: 9/10


Floor: #4
Post Time: 23rd June 2011, 02:31 PM
Poster ID: exmelpunter
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
thanks Bill,  But your review was based on a trip in March, so the intro deal will probably be well and truly over by now.  it would have been useful if you'd posted in March, unless you just discovered this site, in which case, ce la vie.  But a good review nonethe less.  cheers
emp


Floor: #5
Post Time: 24th June 2011, 09:03 AM
Poster ID: bill_100
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
No I was last there in May (been overseas for a while) so I phoned yesterday to check that deal still exists. Tel No. is 0406579158


Floor: #6
Post Time: 18th August 2011, 08:11 AM
Poster ID: monty00
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Helen

Establishment : 1/12 Norman St Peakhurst

Date of Visit : 16/08/11

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 

Hours of Business :  

Rates : 70/30min, 100/hr

Age : mid 20's

Size/shape : Tiny but curvy. 4ft 6in tall, a/b cup

Nationality or Ethnicity : Mongolian (been in Australia for 4 weeks)

Services Provided : FS, CBJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : Another Tuesday evening, so I decided to try Norman St

The place presents ok, but is a little unusual. On entry there are about 6 or so little cubicles for waiting punters to have a seat. And there are 2 or 3 punters sitting in them, waiting for their favourite WL I guess.

I'm shown straight into a nicely appointed room with a massaging shower, and soon enough the girls come in 1 by 1. First in is Helen, a curvy little number ... and I mean little, must be 4ft or maybe not much more. Friendly, very cute too with a nice face, and good enough english skills. Then another pretty number comes in, Mina, again friendly and quite attractive. Then a 3rd girl who I forget her name and her face as Helen and Mina have me undecided. Lastly Tiffany ... and I remember her because her english was so bad she struggled with her working name, also a bit too skinny for me.

I picked Helen, simply because her stature combined with attractive looks appealed to me ... but I will need to return sometime and see Mina.

After showering, and failing to get the massage jets in the wall to work, started cuddling with Helen. It was an interesting experience, as she's the first WL that had to stand on my feet to be able to reach up and lick/kiss my nipples. I grabbed her by the arse and lifted her up off the ground so we can get some kissing going. Then onto the bed.

She lay across on top of me, still licking and sucking my nipples. A bit more cuddling and kissing, and then a CBJ which went for a while and was quite good. She then gets on top of me for cowgirl ... as light as a feather.

We finish off, have another shower, and I depart. 

The thing about this place that is weird is the punter traffic in the lobby area. As I was leaving, there must have been 4 or 5 punters standing around waiting. A bit disconcerting as all eyes are on you as you leave. One guy even asked me if I had a match. I dont smoke so I said "sorry mate, I don't" ... he started whingeing at me! That is one thing about this please that might stop me coming back. Otherwise, for 30mins only $5 dearer than 12 Bellevue and for 60 mins it's $20 cheaper than 12 Bellevue. You get better surroundings and possibly slightly younger girls.

But the punter traffic management plan has to improve.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 30th September 2011, 11:58 AM
Poster ID: bill_100
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I dropped by yesterday but it was closed and had a sign up closed for renovations. Hope they reopen soon as they have some good girls.


Floor: #8
Post Time: 30th September 2011, 01:01 PM
Poster ID: Brad
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Got a feeling this place was shut down by the Land and Environment Court.  A nearby brothel owner named Sam seems to be the complainant.

Peakhurst brothel shut down - Local News - News - General - St George & Sutherland Shire Leader

Peakhurst brothel shut down

BY MARIA GALINOVIC

28 Sep, 2011 12:00 AM


 THE red light at the illegal brothel at Norman Street, Peakhurst, has been switched off along with water and electricity.
After almost two years of a cat and mouse game with the brothel, Hurstville Council took the matter to the Land and Environment Court.

The court issued an utilities order on August 24 which came into effect on September 9.

A nearby brothel owner, Sam, has been trying to get the council to close down the illegal competition for almost two years and said the legal businesses had been badly affected.

"They were a big problem — they used cheap labour, they lowered their prices and they tried to make as much money as possible before they were shut down," Sam said. "But this utilities order will shut them down because they can't operate without essential services."

Although in an industrial area, the brothel couldn't get a permit because a sex business was against the strata regulations and the other business owners in the complex objected.

The council issued about $37,000 in fines — none were paid — but said the operators proved impossible to pin down.

Each time the council issued a closure order, another development application would be submitted under a different name and the process would start again.

A council spokeswoman said it was pleased with the outcome.


