Thread Title: Massage (unknown) upstairs 146 Railway Parade Kogarah
Floor: #1
Post Time: 2nd September 2019, 01:21 PM
Poster ID: paddyo
Post Title: 
 Massage (unknown) upstairs 146 Railway Parade Kogarah
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Not sure maybe Li or Hi

Establishment : 146 Railway Parade Kogarah Massage

Date of Visit : 16/08/19

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 146 Railway Parade Kogarah upstairs (beside best Tax)

Phone :unknown was walk-in and not advertised online as far as I know.

Hours of Business : Not sure

Rates : $30/30min plus $20 for HJ

Age : 50s

Size/shape : average 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : massage (good) & Non-nude HJ

Value for money/recommend? : if you are into looks no

My experience/comments : alright apologies if this is already got a thread but after a few searches couldn’t find it.  I was in the area and needed a massage so already knew several shops existed in this strip, had a walk down and came across a massage sign at 146 Railway Parade, the other shops look legit and I’m always curious about upstairs as that’s where the more seedy gaffs are. I decided to TOFTT as it wasn’t listed anywhere I could search.  Walked in through open door and older lady lying on a couch watching TV, she quickly sprang up as if customers are a rarity and not expecting anyone.  The shop is a complete hovel shit everywhere and maybe small area like a kitchen to one side, the small massage room to the side had a table and was a makeshift curtain or something, I was about to walk but sometimes I’m pleasantly surprised so took a punt, I did try ask name she said something I couldn’t understand but the price was $30 for 30mins so I figured not much of a loss paid her $30. I get on table and I hear her lock door and set $20 change on the side table she has a pink massage uniform on (she had it on under her coat).  She starts and gives what I class a good massage, on the flip she asks if I want HJ for $20 so I said sure, she didn’t undress and I didn’t ask.  HJ was good, she got me hard from massaging my cock and didn’t need any visual stimulation. It’s cheap if you want a bit of relief but that’s it, not sure if anything else would be on offer.

personally I would return on basis of a massage and see if she is up for any play for extras, she Not youngest or attractive lady but sometimes you are surprised.
						



 Attached Images


Floor: #2
Post Time: 2nd September 2019, 04:59 PM
Poster ID: aviator1300
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
This place has been here for quite some time. At first it was a legit massage place but I believe that somewhere along the line a new owner took over. Not much of a business person as does not advertise anywhere, the place is quite run down and the ladies leave much to be desired. Could be quite a good earner with the right person running it.


