Thread Title: 127 Club - 127 Regent Street Chippendale - 9699 7715
Floor: #1
Post Time: 21st February 2020, 07:07 PM
Poster ID: Charles
Post Title: 
 127 Club - 127 Regent Street Chippendale - 9699 7715
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Candy

Establishment : 127 Club

Date of Visit : Thu 20/02/20

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : City Brothel & Adult Entertainment Club CBD | Top 127 Club

Phone :9699 7715

Hours of Business : 11am till late

Rates : 30 mins/$150 Diamond Service

Age : 24

Size/shape : Slim, good size breasts

Nationality or Ethnicity : Indonesian

Services Provided : FS

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : I'd seen the ad for Candy on here and, always on the lookout for Indonesian ladies, took the first opportunity to go and see her.

I've walked past this place in the past, and kept on walking. The front entrance has always looked pretty bad and didn't encourage entry, particularly since it is so public and on such a busy main road. However it now looks better, so perhaps the new owners have done it up. I looked up their website anyway and saw there was a much more presentable and discreet rear entrance, so I used that.

I was greeted by a barely pubescent young bloke and I told him I wanted to see Candy. He didn't seem to understand and asked if I wanted to see the line up. So I repeated that I wanted to see Candy. He asked me to sit down and went to get her. 

Candy arrived and proved to be very attractive. I greeted her in Indonesian, and she was so surprised she just blurted out a short response in Indonesian and then left. The baby papasan came back and I confirmed that I wanted to see Candy and gave him the cash.

Candy then returned and took me into the room. We both quickly stripped and she had a great body. Slim but still shapely and surprisingly large breasts for an Indonesian. I started chatting with her in Indonesian and she was very surprised at the extent of my Indonesian, but I think also pleased to meet a punter who could speak Indonesian. I should also mention that her English was also very good, so non Indonesian speakers will have no problem. She was delightful to talk with and seemed quite innocent and demure.

 We showered together and she soaped up my dick and played with it for a bit. I got out and she stayed in the shower to wash herself.

I laid down on the bed and waited for her as she dried herself. She then joined me on the bed and started a nice bj. It was good, but she seemed a little inexperienced. She seemed happy to do this for some time, and I was enjoying it, but after a while I suggested we fuck. She dommed me up and started riding me cowgirl, but again she seemed a little inexperienced, not quite getting the timing quite right. 

I suggested we move to missionary, and this was very good. There was just a little bit of foam, but not enough to be off putting, and it was just delightful to watch my hard cock sliding in and out of her very nicely shaved and shaped pussy.

We then moved to doggy for a while and then back to missionary and I eventually asked her to remove the condom and finish up with a hj.

Altogether it was a very pleasant experience with a delightful young Indonesian lady who I will definitely see again.

The only negative was nothing to do with her. Whilst the premises were generally quite clean, the bedspread and pillowcase looked like they had never been washed. They appeared to be quite filthy. She was only given two towels, so these were wet and couldn't be used for us to lie on.

Also, Mods, I've started a new thread for this place as it seems to be completely unconnected with the previous occupants of these premises, but of course if you judge it should be in the old thread please move it.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 28th February 2020, 04:36 AM
Poster ID: simon82
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Diamond service 30m mins $150 but in their website $140? and if i may know does she do bbj or dfk?
cheers


Floor: #3
Post Time: 29th February 2020, 11:32 AM
Poster ID: Charles
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Yes, it includes bbj


