Thread Title: 666 Elizabeth, Waterloo - 02 9690 1925
Floor: #1
Post Time: 13th May 2010, 09:37 PM
Poster ID: Bob51
Post Title: 
 666 Elizabeth, Waterloo - 02 9690 1925
				
Post Content: 
Establishment and/or person's Name:  Amy

Contact Details/Address:   666 Elizabeth St   Sydney

Prices:  $120 for half an hour

Age:  Mid 30's at a guess

Size/shape:  Great figure, abt size 8, tanned light brown hair

Nationality or Ethnicity:  Caucasian

Services:  Full service

Value for money/recommend ?  Definately yes  

Other comments:  This establishment no longer has the number of nice ladies they used to have.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 17th July 2010, 02:54 PM
Poster ID: wanderlust
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Establishment and/or person's Name:Jasmine

Contact Details/Address: 666 Elizabeth st Waterloo

Hours of Business: (if known or applicable) NFI

Prices: $100/30, $150/45, $180/60 

Age: 25ish?

Size/shape: Black beauty, 5'3", c-cup, big afro type arse and lips!

Nationality or Ethnicity: Jamaican

Services: Uh huh!

Value for money/recommend?: Yup

My experience/comments: Needed a change from the usual Asian diet, so I give this place a bell and 7 ladies on duty (yeah right), a mix of Aussies, Asians, South American and probably some other countries which don't start with A.

  Looking forward to my first Armenian working lady.

  Having had had an Arabic.

  But I always have to be contrary, so out of the 5 ladies paraded (maybe 7 was actually real? Naaah) I picked the J girl. 

  But not Japanese, oh no.

  Jamaican.

  From her dark as midnight skin, to her black afro curls, to her big rubbery lips (both sets!), to her mad-as-a-meataxe-2-boys-fighting-under-a-sheet-shaped arse.

  No showers in the rooms in this place which could be a problem for those busy times, upstairs I could only see 1 wash room for the 4 bed rooms, but this was taken care of and back to the battle front to begin hostilities to find Jassy already nuded up on the bed planning her assault.

  I'm not that great with the blow by blow descriptions, but if I was to say that DATY was enjoyed by both, Cbj with LOTS of saliva, no need for lube, (OK I'm not over sized) and a great deal of sweat from the both of us you should be getting the idea that this was a feckin' great root which ended in caterpillar so I could fantasise of anal in that J-Lo be jealous butt. 

  A sweet girl, not stale in any way , good company and puts in for a very vigorous service.

  Only if I completely take leave of my senses will I not try to catch her again.

  "Well, I'm giving it 5 stars, and what about you Margaret?"

  Cheers, wanderlust.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 17th July 2010, 08:38 PM
Poster ID: Henry1
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
It seems that their prices have reduced significantly. My last information on this place was Prices: $140/30, $180/45, $220/60.

I've always regretted not staying here the one time I visited. I'll have to make a special effort to go there again.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 22nd July 2010, 07:15 PM
Poster ID: pj80
Post Title: 
 ebony 666 elizabeth rd waterloo
				
Post Content: 
just went and done the recon on this place after seeing their add in the paper saying they have african and south american ladies...

and the news is all good...would i go there again well just read the review and you will have that answer...

place is run by asians now (don't know what it was before as i have never been here before).

was shown to the waiting room and after a few minutes in walked the girls two Asians an Indian and an African, names i cant remember as i was they only top look, but desided to stay for the hour with Ebony (have a guess which one she was?) 

so anyhow she leads me upstairs to the room and asks if i would like a shower which i take and she shows me the way, back in the room and i have a wait for her to get back, but no more then a minute. now Ebony is from South Africa black as the ace of spades and as she take off her clothes she has a great set of titts would say a C cup size and a few odd blemishes as we all do but nothing really off putting.
so i'm laying on the bed and she lays on top of me and starts to stroke my cock while i suck on her titts and begin the small talk...this does last long and i'm sticking a finger in her pussy which she did pre lube as it was rather dry and tight to start off but got moister and moister as the time went by. all the time this happening Ebony starts going down on me and licks my balls and shaft and without even been asked she starts  a slow bbbj which was great at first and i throught this wont last long...was i wrong!!! the girl know how to and love to suck cock and there i nothing better then a black girl sucking on a white lollipop. 
she stop after about ten minutes and asks what i would like and i just wanted more of her lips and mouth on my dick...this were she every so softly told me she was happy to do so as long as i didn't cim but after the next 15 min of what can only be described as the GREATEST HEAD IN SYDNEY she seem not to care and i think she even tried to make me cum then toyed with me just as she got me there and so on and so on you get it hey?

desided that the bbbj was great but i needed to fuck this girl as its hard to find african girls these days (or i just don't look hard enough). so on with the dom and she begins to ride me cowgirl and let me tell you she works it hard and feels great too after this its onto missionary this were i can tell that she is loving my cock deep in her as she gives me what i call the voodoo eyes look and i just want to pull out there and then and blow my load all over her but i manage to control it and get her into doggie which was like a treat from the gods as she pushed back and really gave me a great view of her little black arse. then she pulls away and it off with the dom and she is back sucking my cock with me on my knees just loosing the plot over this great head...the head to end all head.

the second round of bbbj lasted for about 10-15 mins before i just had to fuck her again and this time i just let loose...straight into doggie and while i was there i began to play with very thing of hers, tits, clit, slapped her arse pulled her hair (which she liked a first but i stopped as i don't think she was all that keep) and then gave her the micky doonan (my thumb up her bum while i'm fucking her doggie) and didn't get knocked back like most working girls seem to do so i as her if she does anal?
"yes but i haven't done it for a long time " 
so i ask if i can go there and as she said but you have a big dick and i tell her i will got gentle on her...anyway i lube up and she sees that i was for real, so she lubes up and tell me that if i say stop then you stop (which i feel fair) so i stick my cock slowly into her arse and its tight and i mean tight even with the lube and i start to pump away slowly at first and then build up steam as she starts to enjoy herself, and this were i blow my load deep in her arsehole...

now all that done we both lay on the bed and start to talk about life and must say this one shy but cool chick, got a bit worried when she told me what she does when she isn't doing this (nothing bad), it just that i have a mate that lives very close to here that i married to an african girl and well you just never know...

so in summary i paid $180 for the hour the prices are from memory
100 30min
140 45min
180 hour

value for an hour i think the best around
the place very tidy on the inside but very open entry right on the main road.
the ladies were rather hot but i hope this doesn't become an all asian place the mix there was good.
the girl black south african what can i say? i have a thing for black girls...
the job like i said the best BBBJ in town right now!!!!! and the sex was great too as i got anal for no extra $$$   

so would i go back yes i would but only on the select days that Ebony works so that i can see her  be sucked by her and then fucked by her...

PS if you would like to know what days she works you can ring and find out but if you PM i will let you know just so that you can experince the great Ebony form South Africa and hopefully back up what i have said about her and sing her praises too...


Floor: #5
Post Time: 22nd July 2010, 07:43 PM
Poster ID: andrewblake
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
welcome to AUXXXR PJ80!

wow! great first review and punt with an ebony lady..

glad you had a good time and more reviews to follow!

happy punting and keep reviewing! well done!

ab


Floor: #6
Post Time: 22nd July 2010, 10:28 PM
Poster ID: wotif
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
After that review I guess I'll have to stand in the queue LOL


Floor: #7
Post Time: 24th July 2010, 03:26 PM
Poster ID: wanderlust
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
No queue this afternoon hellyeah, walked in, went through the intro's, Ebony, a Vietnamese chick who seemed maybe a bit demure for the job (but in the room?) and Bella another dark beauty.
So putting faith in the power of the internet and pj80 in particular I chose Ebony.
I've made some bad decisions in the past.
Chucked in a cruisy public service job just before the redundancies.
Bought an Italian motorcycle when electrics where something they had not got there heads around yet.
Bought Qantas shares.
But this was not a bad decision.
In fact it was a FUCKING GOOD DECISION!
Not sure about the GREATEST HEAD IN SYDNEY but it was plenty good, did not go the dirt track, save that up for next time, has a nice sweet pussy which I plan to explore further, fantastic tits with really responsive nips and I guess more than anything else which contributed to a great session is that she is a really lovely girl.
So treat her well guys.
Batting 2 good punts at a great price from 2 outings to this place, guess it means I'm heading closer to a bad 1, but this must be 1 of the best value places in Sydney, get in quick before the inevitable price rise. $100 for 30 mins at this quality is rare to find.
Cheers, wanderlust.


Floor: #8
Post Time: 24th July 2010, 04:35 PM
Poster ID: andrewblake
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
another great review! fantastic.. well done..


Floor: #9
Post Time: 7th August 2010, 02:18 PM
Poster ID: wanderlust
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I don't want to seem like a publicist for this place but..... had to go see Ebony again as I like a sure punt and with nothing planned this morning the time was nigh. First customer of the day for her (does it get any better?) and 45 mins was the order and thats what I recieved. She is in great form, DFK, BBBJ, prostate massage, greek, and pussy muscle manipulation to milk you dry. A great service provider, lovely girl, can't see myself getting bored with her anytime soon. Enjoy.

  Cheers, wanderlust.


Floor: #10
Post Time: 28th August 2010, 12:33 PM
Poster ID: wanderlust
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Well struck that dud punt here, stupidly with Ebony and Bella available this morning I picked Anna, also very attractive around 5'2", size 10ish, great d-cups, darkskinned, great accent, but thats as good as it gets. You know your in trouble when she makes no eye contact, spends heaps of time spreading the contents of her bag over the bed, gives 20 seconds of BBBJ before the dom goes on, maybe 1 minute of cowgirl before "You on top", basically you get the feeling she is done with her side of the deal when she took the money downstairs.

Oh well, you get that, did get the shot away, hinted I was less than pleased to which she clearly couldn't care less.

One to avid, guys, but don't let it stop you trying some of the other delights here, and make sure you post.

Cheers, wanderlust.


Floor: #11
Post Time: 28th August 2010, 01:22 PM
Poster ID: Chalk010
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Bad luck on the dud punt, thanks for taking one for the team, better luck next time.

Cheers


Floor: #12
Post Time: 19th September 2010, 01:22 PM
Poster ID: curvyman
Post Title: 
 666 elzabeth st waterloo
				
Post Content: 
hi all went to 666 a few weeks ago and mety a nice black lady form africa ebony

she was very friendly and about a size 12 black hair a few minor scars very minor though,started off with a bbj very deep to had a mouth full and then went on to missionary slowly stuck my old fella in and felt great and all the daily pressures had been released ,she enjoyed as much a sme than we tried cowgirl she rode me well and also dooggy style unitl i couldnt hold on any more and blew my load.was 180 for the hour at 666 elizabeth st waterloo, room and showers were clean as was the towels  i wiould go back  180 is a bit pricey but you get a good and well mantained establishment not like some others that may be cheaper


Floor: #13
Post Time: 20th September 2010, 09:17 AM
Poster ID: CaptainNH
Post Title: 
 Lucy @ 666 Ellzabeth
				
Post Content: 
Establishment and/or person's Name:  Lucy

Contact Details/Address: 666 Elizabeth St, Waterloo

Prices: $180/hr

Age: 20ish

Size/shape: Size14 | Curvy | Cs

Nationality or Ethnicity: True Blue Aussie

Services: Safe GFE with DFK

Value for money/recommend?: Just waiting for them to open and I'll be back :-)

My experience/comments: 

My first visit to 666 Elizabeth St, having previously assumed that is was full of older ladies, but heard on the grapevine that they have a variety of ages and nationalities working for them.  Was pleasantly surprised with the cleanliness and decor - a million times better than their competition across the road.

Dropped in around midday, expecting a couple of girls to be on, but was completely overwhelmed with 8 girls to choose from - mainly younger (early 20s) but with a couple of more mature ladies (one of which I recognised from AH at Artarmon).  From recollection, 3 Aussies, 3 Asian and 2 black african girls, and, to be honest, I could have happily spent time with any of them - no complete duds at all.

One of the girls, Lucy, caught my eye.  She had only just arrived, so was still in civvies - a long floral summery dress which showed off her curves.

My brain was struggling with the selection (need to take a notepad to write down all the girls names), but Lucy had me interested.

I'd guess Lucy is around 20-22, shoulder-length brown hair, a cute face, with size 14 curves with a respectable C cup.  Certainly not a jaw-dropper, but perhaps the kind that you'd try to pick up in a club if you'd had a few 

The main event got off to a slow start - lots of stoking and caressing, to be honest, I started to think along the starfish lines and wondered if I'd chosen the wrong girl.

I spent a while exploring her pale, smooth body and, slowly but surely, she started to warm up, with some hard pink nipples making an appearance and some gentle kissing which became more and more enthusiastic until her tongue was in my mouth.  Exploring between her thighs found my fingers drenched in a river of wetness and a hard and very responsive clit.

Her cbj was ok, but not mind-blowing (i've become accustomed to enthusiastic bbbjs from the ladies at AH). Soft, wet and warm, taking me to the back of her mouth, but certainly no DT.  Not the worst I'd ever had, but you'll never hear me complain about my dick being in a young ladies mouth 

Lucy wasn't having any fingers and politely declined any DATY (though post-coitally, when I let her know what she missed out on, she'd said she'd be open to it "next time")

Spent the best part of 40mins inside Lucy - a very enjoyable 40mins it was. Mish, cowgirl and doggy.  Lucy must have rode me in cowgirl for 1/2 hour and she enjoyed at least 4 Os in that time - my groin was absolutely drenched in her juices 

As is par for my course, I blew in standing doggie with only a couple of minutes left on the clock.

I'm thinking I might give Lucy another go - I think she's still got lots of relaxing and warming up to do.  She could be a wild ride if you established yourself as a regular with her?

In the meantime, there are a couple of black girls that have me interest too!


Floor: #14
Post Time: 20th September 2010, 11:16 AM
Poster ID: andrewblake
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Nice review CapNH,

Who was the lady you recognized from AH? Seems they have all moved around alot.. Similar to Mature on Broadway.. A few of them have gone there too..

AB


Floor: #15
Post Time: 30th October 2010, 10:54 AM
Poster ID: quac
Post Title: 
 Re: Velvet Peach
				
Post Content: 
Establishment Name: Velvet Peach

Contact Details/Address: 666 Elizabeth St Waterloo NSW ph96901925

Hours of Business: unknown

Prices: $100 - 30mins
          $150 - 45mins
          $180 - 60mins

Age: age ranges from mid 20s - mid 30s

Size/shape: medium-small to medium-large size

Nationality or Ethnicity: a good mix of Nationalities

Services: good service 7/10

Value for money/recommend?: yes

My experience/comments: the last time i went there i had lucy for a 30mins session. A brunette that was a medium to larg size with amazing tits and good service. Very friendly and did whatever i asked. Started off with an awesome cbj and finished off with some doggy. Overall good for a cheap and quick session and i will be returning within the near future =)


Thread Title: 666 Elizabeth, Waterloo - 02 9690 1925
Floor: #16
Post Time: 17th December 2010, 09:18 PM
Poster ID: Jsomeone
Post Title: 
 Anglo MILF Kate
				
Post Content: 
On a Mission for an anglo MILF.
Big flashing red lights out the front, even a bind man would probably know it's a brothel.
$160 per hr across the road from 647 elizabeth

A slightly past it sexy grandmother (Indonesian or pinay) Milf opened the door and led me to a nice narrow waiting room 
I was shown two woman first a flirtatious late thirties strawberry Aussie blond, "oh yeah I'd do that I thought to myself ", then a few minutes later a 30ish athletic Thai walked in, 'oh yum I thought' before reminding myself, I was there for a mature white woman.

Down the hall to Dingy Shower and toilet in which I found a TAG Heuer Watch $4000 retail value, it did occur to me to pocket it (no inscription), but I had a vision of some poor bloke explaining to his girl friend/wife how he manged to loose a $4000 watch. Think about it in for someone who visits a $160 per hour establishment it is quite likely $4000 is not just spare change.  I ran out after the receptionist and handed the watch in.

Nice room with a decent bed kind of made up for the walk down the corridor to the dingy shower.

Kate was in sexy Lingerie and kept her stockings and heels on for the complete session.  She put on a Massive Attack CD,
Started with me sitting on the edge of the bed with her standing between my legs.
Then the Wonder bra came off and once again I wanted to sue the markers for supporting false advertisement
Still breasts are breasts and her nipples are nice large and responsive.
Moved her to a a 69 position she didn't partake but I continued tongue to clit until the end of the song, my tongue dancing along in time to it, naturally she enjoyed this. 
On with the Dom for a good CBJ, 
She climbed on top and rode me, her heels clipped the slides of my legs a couple of times.  'I was being ridden and she was using her spurs'. Her angle of attack was working her G spot. Like so many woman she lost control of her legs just before Orgasming.
 She stopped me from turning her over, we had to disengage to accomplish this maneuver on account of the danger her spurrs posed.
Once we reengaged with the pillow under her arse, in no time at all she was bucking, grasping grinding, at times twitching  and shaking with convulsions, basically she went off, it was slow grinding affair loosely following the music. 
This continued for another ten minutes before some application of lube and a final 5 minute burst of intense fucking, we lay attached, while she twitched a little more in response to some gentle grinding.
Afterwards we were Fucked and bathed in sweat, the place needs AC (perhaps not on as not a hot day)


Floor: #17
Post Time: 30th December 2010, 08:38 AM
Poster ID: bentlyhunter
Post Title: 
 666 Elizabeth Street
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name:Anna (Vietnamese)

Establishment (if applicable):666 Elizabeth St

Contact Details/Address:PH 96901925

Hours of Business: (if known or applicable)

Prices:$100 FS

Age:26

Size/shape:Busty, Curvy, Largish

Nationality or Ethnicity:Vietnamese

Services:FS, BJ.

Value for money/recommend?:Yes

My experience/comments: (Here you must have at least 1 full sentence - "Ill be back" or "good value" is not a sentence or review. 20 word minimum please)You have to ask for Vietnamese Anna, as there are other girls called Anna. She removed her clothes, and revealed her breasts which are top shelf, then began rubing them all over. We were on the bed before long, fondling, then she was turnd on and wanted doggy. She was all over the place, and had an orgasm, at which point she sat up and kissed me. All this was great, and we finished with good old missionary sex, lying there for a while afterwards. She was in no hurry.


Floor: #18
Post Time: 19th January 2011, 11:03 PM
Poster ID: t187
Post Title: 
 miki at 666 elizabeth st waterloo
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name:miki

Establishment (if applicable):

Contact Details/Address:666 elizabeth st waterloo

Hours of Business: (if known or applicable) 24 hrs

Prices: 90 half hour

Age: 21

Size/shape: slim tall busty for an asian chick

Nationality or Ethnicity: chinese

Services: full service, bbbj

Value for money/recommend?: YES

My experience/comments: big friendly smile and intro, jumped into shower with me off the bat, soaped me up n sucked me in the shower, proceeded to dry me off then bit of a massage/body slide after which bit more bbbj, bit of a starfish but shes hot.
would see her again, this place never dissapoints n its cheap too.


Floor: #19
Post Time: 25th January 2011, 08:51 AM
Poster ID: ut0p1an
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Sophia

Establishment (if applicable):

Contact Details/Address:666 elizabeth st waterloo

Hours of Business: (if known or applicable) 24 hrs

Prices: 90 half hour

Age: 38-42

Size/shape: busty hourglass

Nationality or Ethnicity: greek

Services: full service, bbbj, everything is on offer but make sure you are both on the same page

Value for money/recommend?: The jury is out

My experience/comments: 

Popped into 666 a couple of weeks ago because I.... well the same reason you all do. Went through the intros and met Sophia. She seemed bubbly and said everything was on offer (kissing, bbbj w cim, anal play & greek) at no extra. Now something set off a caution alarm but I was not sure what so I resisted the urge to walk thinking this could be a hell of a show. Booked 30min then went upstairs. When I got up there I found a surprise $50 in my wallet so I asked her if she could arrange to extend to 45min and she agreed to do so while I was in the shower. The sex was pretty good but very rushed. We finished but I could not get it out of my head that it seemed way too quick for 3/4 so I dug out the crumpled eft receipt from my pocket. Low and behold 30min was all we had. Any other day I would have just banned the place but this day I fired up. I walled back to the establishment and confronted the manager. He & she advised I should speak with the worker as they knew of no extension. Spoke to Sophia and a tirade of abuse followed to rival the best/worst I have encountered. She thenclaimed to the bosses that the $50 was a tip. The money was not the issue, it was the principle. Anyway I guess the lesson learned is trust your gut and make sure the arrangements are completely clear up front to all parties.


Floor: #20
Post Time: 25th January 2011, 03:58 PM
Poster ID: rumata
Post Title: 
 Famous Sophia
				
Post Content: 
That could be famous Sophia ( ex Rockdale etc etc ), judging by service and pattern of behavior it is 99% chance.


Floor: #21
Post Time: 25th January 2011, 09:03 PM
Poster ID: Jsomeone
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by ut0p1an


so I dug out the crumpled eft receipt from my pocket.
"""



Receipt ? Gosh talk about legit (GST requirement).


Floor: #22
Post Time: 26th January 2011, 10:53 AM
Poster ID: HBL
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Wonder what company name is on the eft receipt.  If it is looked up, what is it?
In the old days, before we realised how dangerous it is to hand your credit card to someone you dont know and let them return with the receipt for signature, I once used the company credit card by mistake.
Next day when I could not find the receipt, I realised I may have made the mistake.
One month later I am asked "where is the receipt for the auto electrician?"
Um ah??, I will bring it tomorrow when I find it.
That night I sprayed degreaser on the engine (company car), borrowed the neighbours water compressor and washed the engine bay, it looked like work was done.
The boss took the car to the Auto garage many months later, they changed a spark plug lead.
It was a real place?  The company clerk looked up the auto electrician and got the address details and a copy of invoice was faxed ?? dont know what was on it.  Must also be the owner of the brothel.
It was across the road from an IT company.  I never went to the actual auto electrician to thank them.


Floor: #23
Post Time: 7th April 2011, 06:37 PM
Poster ID: Haydoss
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Jordan

Establishment : 666, Elizabeth St

Date of Visit: Last week

Hours of Business: open till late

Rates: $100/half hour (FS)

Age: 40+ (45+ even)

Size/shape: tall, busty, curvy

Nationality or Ethnicity: True blue aussie

Services Provided: FS only, BBBJ offered for extra, and anal as well.

Value for money/recommend?: yes

My experience/comments: 
Ended up at this place, looking for a punt. My first time here, and it was an interesting experience. I was given the '"6 girls, but 3 busy" intro, although 4 actually materialised in the end. There were 2 asian ladies - the first of whom was a very sexy milf, the second who was completely unremarkable - a tall, solid and pretty sexy looking african, and a similalrly built aussie lady called Jordan.

i was tempted by the African lady, but decided for someone a  bit less large and went for Jordan. She's tall - maybe around 5'7 or 5'8. A great, firm bodyw ith smooth skin for someone her age. She didn't look her age in the dimly lit waiting room, but she definitely looked it up close. Still, she's a loud, bubbly lady, who obviously likes to enjoy her work, and have some fun. A solid frame, meant she took a good pounding, and let me know when she enjoyed it. very accommodating, and tries to make things naughty/interesting - eg. using the mirror to best effect, giving you a good view, she's open to being fingered (even in the ass) but will charge extra for a BBBJ, and greek. Also, she didn't seem to be interested in kissing - I just went with the flow and didn't push the issue.

not a clock watcher, and she defintely gave me a workout. The lack of kissing wasn't great, but word of warning, not brilliant teeth (couple of fillings) for those that are turned off by that stuff. Good fun in the end - I'd consider going back at $100 p/half hour!


Floor: #24
Post Time: 7th April 2011, 06:40 PM
Poster ID: Haydoss
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
PS - dropped by again more recently, and it appears that the 4 girl line-up is the way they are going. Again, 1 african, and 1 Aussie, and the other remaining were Asian. someone beat me to the lady i wanted, so didn't end up staying...


Floor: #25
Post Time: 7th April 2011, 07:08 PM
Poster ID: lightning
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
My brief experience here was: intros of 2 old Aussie hags, a nice asian and one nice african girl. 
Took the african for excellent service. 
Been meaning to get back to the cute little asian. But the well-used aussie WLs - no thanks.


Floor: #26
Post Time: 27th October 2011, 09:58 PM
Poster ID: lone stranger
Post Title: 
 666 Elizabeth St - Linda
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name :  Linda

Establishment :  666 Elizabeth St sydney

Date of Visit :  daytime today

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :  96901925

Hours of Business :   10 till late

Rates :  180 per hr

Age :  30's

Size/shape :  size 6-10

Nationality or Ethnicity :  Vietnamese

Services Provided :  FS BBJ

Value for money/recommend? :  not really

My experience/comments : i had an hour to kill and i was on Elizabeth St.it was either 647 or 666 and when i rang they said they had an Australian girl at 666. i thought i'd check it out and if there was no luck i would cross the road to 647. the australian girl was older and didn't do BBj so she was out. Angel was gorgeous but nothing natural. she was young, about 20 and i wanted BBJ so i opted for 3rd choice, Linda  who said yes to everything including anal at no extra cost. little did i know she had no idea what i was taliking about even though i repeated myself 3 times to make sure she knew what i meant. She was older but had a cute face and said yes to everything. unfortunately she didn't kiss and didn't do anal. when i explained, she said she didn't understand and i figure this is her trick.everything was just ok and i felt ripped off not getting anal. she was very tight otherwise . the BBJ was woeful and in the end i didn't stay the full time. after i came, she got up and told me to go to the shower. i wont see her again and probably wont be back. last time i was there was to see CJ, a late 40 ish californian who has dropped off the planet. she was great.
Lone Stranger


Floor: #27
Post Time: 30th December 2012, 12:23 PM
Poster ID: yutang
Post Title: 
 Lucy of 666 Elizabeth Street
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lucy

Establishment : 666 Elizabeth Street

Date of Visit : 15 December 2012

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 666 Elizabeth Street Waterloo Full Service Brothel - Home

Hours of Business : 10am til late

Rates : $160 for 45 minutes

Age : late 20s, early 30s

Size/shape : Size 7-8

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie/Caucasian

Services Provided : BBBJ, DFK, the usual

Value for money/recommend? : Yes, definitely

My experience/comments : 

It was a late Saturday night and I just left a party in Sydney. I flagged down a taxi, intending to go to 647 Elizabeth Street. Unfortunately, 647 appeared fairly rundown and there were only older ladies there. I decided to give 666 Elizabeth Street (which was across the street and had a giant 666 flashing sign in front of the premises) a go.

I was shown two ladies. One was a much older lady and the other was Lucy. Lucy has Bcups, blonde hair, cute eyes and normal sized (for a Cauc) and is HOT. I picked her and we went upstairs. I was told that it was her first day on the job.

After some quick chitchat and a shower, we got down to business. She gives very good kissing/DFK and is very attentive. I was very surprised that BBBJ was given too. Good service was provided and I would definitely return again.

She told me that she works Thursdays, Fridays and weekends.


Floor: #28
Post Time: 5th August 2013, 02:40 AM
Poster ID: waynegraham
Post Title: 
 Ebony - Waterloo
				
Post Content: 
Persons Name: Ebony

Establishment: 666 Elizabeth St, Waterloo

Date of Visit: Fri 26 July, 2013

Contact details/address: 02 9690 1926

Hours of Biz: 10am - 7pm

Rates: 110 half hour/200 hour

Age: late 20's

Size/shape: size 10/12, B Cups, 5'5"

Nationality/ethnicity: Black African

Services provided: DFK, BBBJ, covered sex, Spanish

Value for money: Yes

My experience/comments:

Ebony by name, ebony in colour. She is as black as night with a great, great afro booty. Ive been with Ebony before so when I see her we get right down to it.

On this occasion I followed her up the stairs after choosing her from the line up. By following her up the stairs I got to check out her awesome ass and got hard in the process. By the time I got to the room I was ready to go and so was she. 

I wasted to no time in DFK her on entering the room and puller her B cup puppies out and sucked on them hard just as she likes it. She was def wet by the time I reached down to feel her black shaved pussy. She loves it when I refer to my rock hard roger as being thick and white and deep in her black mouth and throat. She def gets hot when I talk to her like this.

On this occasion I did the FCMNF Fully Clothed Male Naked Female role-play. I had jeans, denim shirt, boots on where I motioned her to her knees and pulled my hard cock out of my jeans thru my unzipped fly and she gave me the most amazing BBBJ until I nearly came.

There was a chair close by so I positioned her on her knees on the chair making her lean forward exposing her beautiful round black booty doggy style where I then proceeded to pound her as hard as I could. I wasnt interested in lasting just hitting her as hard as I could and coming all over those B cup tits of hers. She was totally in to the whole thing and moaning true and loud and after riding her by holding on to the chair as I slammed away I came after a good 5 minutes.

I shot a huge load all over her chest and tits giving her a great pearl necklace and she loved it and rubbed it in like Dove intensive care lotion. I had a great time as I always do with this particular black beauty.

Overall service 8/10
Ass 9/10
looks 7/10
BBBJ 8/10
Attitude 9/10
Doggy 8/10

Best,

waynegraham


Floor: #29
Post Time: 17th December 2013, 07:27 PM
Poster ID: hellowod
Post Title: 
 666 Elizabeth St, Waterloo - 02 9690 1925
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Chealsea

Establishment : 666 Elizabeth Street, Waterloo

Date of Visit : 16 December 2013

Hours of Business : 9am until late

Rates : $110/ 30 minutes

Age : 30+

Size/shape : Average

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : FS

Value for money/recommend? : Ok

My experience/comments : Chealsea is a friendly Aussie girl who only work during the day times. After showering, she started to give me a hand job and started to rub my d*** on her body - quite sensual. I got pretty hard initially. After a few positions, I didn't c** as I just wasn't that turned on. However, she seemed to be somewhat interested in chatting up about every day things - this could be fun for some people. I didn't really wanted to ask a lot of questions about her as I did want to go into too much details about her or about myself. I think if I stayed longer, it could be a nice experience as she is quite friendly


Floor: #30
Post Time: 5th March 2014, 08:29 PM
Poster ID: Ricksterw80
Post Title: 
 Chelsea Cougar WL @ 666 elizabeth street waterloo
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Chelsea

Establishment : Velvet Peach, 

Date of Visit : 24th feb 2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 666 elizabeth street waterloo

Hours of Business : mid-day till late

Rates : $110 half hour

Age : 42

Size/shape : Petite size 10, 36C semi-firm tits 

Nationality or Ethnicity : aussie/italian

Services Provided : full service and deep throat, kissing

Value for money/recommend? : good value for money

My experience/comments : 

Saw Chelsea on Mon afternoon, she usually works sun-mon and I guess one of the days during the week.

She provides a great deep throat service and loves to get a bit nasty with spitting on cock,nipples, etc. This is awesome as she is a bit submissive if you make her feel comfortable right from the start. I would know, as I tend to give her a runny nose most of the times! She also does make it a point to gag herself during the blowjob which demonstrates that she is a hard working woman 

She is a bit quirky though as she hums during foreplay..but not annoying. 

Really enjoys a good session of sex after the blowjob which leaves us both satisfied! 

I would definitely see her again and would surely recommend her if you seek a good service as long as you're okay with her being a cougar.


Thread Title: 666 Elizabeth, Waterloo - 02 9690 1925
Floor: #31
Post Time: 10th March 2014, 10:35 PM
Poster ID: hulk
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Chelsea

Establishment : Elizabeth st 666

Date of Visit : 5/3/2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : as above

Hours of Business : as above

Rates : $110/30min

Age : 37?

Size/shape : size 8-10, petite, natural C boobs, blonde, nice ass

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : light kissing, FS, DATY, CBJ, GFE

Value for money/recommend? : yes and yes

My experience/comments : 

I was looking for a place not far from city where i work so called this shop to see what they had. Very hard to talk to the asian lady on the phone, she advertised that Chelsea as hot booby aussie blonde was in the roaster so $110 for a caucasian decide to give a go.

The place has a huge 666 sign (the number of the beast) so you can't miss it, and it just the opposite to another asian shop Elizabeth St 647. No backdoor entrance so had to use my umbrella as camouflage. The place is quite clean and decente, considering it is running by asians (no offence). In the waiting room, Chelsea came in wearing a sexy blue tube dress in high-heels: cute smile, nice boobs, nice ass, SOLD!

Paid for 30mins and followed her upstairs to the room while appreciate her nice ass. She left the room to pick something while I had a quick shower and for my surprise she came back even  before I finished shower - not a time waister. She undressed revealing a beautiful pair of C cup boobs, very soft and nice to touch. She jumped naked with her heels into the bed saying "dada" which was cute. Then got on her top sucking her soft tits and we exchanged some light kissing. I then lay on my back and she started body sliding her tits in my chest, tummy and cock. Asked for BJ, she put me a dom and started CBJ. Initially was a bit teethy, but got better and she also did some DT which was nice. Returned the favor by licking her shaved pussy. We fucked in various positions, banged hard and finished in doggy style.

We chatted for a while to get to know each other. She is very friendly with an easy-going personality. We exchanged some jokes and kisses, not DFK but she can give a nice GFE service. Had a quick shower and left very happy.

Her body is her best asset: nice natural C cup, curves in right places and sexy ass! She is petite but perfect size for me.

Im saving money for my next visit this week. She works weekend (not sure Sat or Sun), Mon, Wed and Fri daytime only.


Floor: #32
Post Time: 1st August 2014, 09:47 PM
Poster ID: hellowod
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lily

Establishment : Elizabeth st 666

Date of Visit : 1/8/2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : as above

Hours of Business : as above

Rates : $100/30min

Age : 20-30

Size/shape : Petite, natural C boobs, 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai?

Services Provided : FS, Fingering

Value for money/recommend? : Average
My experience/comments : 

Went to 666 for the first time in many months. Was greeted by the mamasan who is Chinese. It seems there has been a change in management? Last time I went, there were Aussie girls and other nationalities, but this time it seems that it's only Asian WL.

Anyway when I was coming in, there was another punter who came out, and saw another older gentleman with another lady. I went upstairs and was shown 2 WL. I chose the older one, who was fairly dark, so thought was Thai? 

She has an average body and said she only came to Australia for 1 month, who knows, but her English definitely was not good. It was difficult to communicate to her. Anyway tried missionary, cowgirl, and doggy.

No BBBJ, condom only. Overall, an average punt. She was somewhat goodlooking with makeup, but seem to have no nipples ... Overall, an average punt at best.


Floor: #33
Post Time: 20th August 2014, 07:52 PM
Poster ID: lonelypunter
Post Title: 
 666 Elizabeth Street, Waterloo - (02) 9690-1925 - Lana
				
Post Content: 
666 Elizabeth Street, Waterloo

(02) 9690-1925
(02) 9690-1926
666 Elizabeth Street Waterloo Full Service Brothel - Home
Name: Lana

damage : $85 1/2 hour

Age : late 30's

Size : 8-10 Slim with C cups
service: BBBJ, FS

Nationality or Ethnicity  Chinese

visited this lace few days ago.
Seems this place is under new management, actually i have been to this place ages ago... may be like 8 years ago
 ..then it was called a little bit older... bolder...something in those lines with more mature ladies 
Now this is run by new management mainly asian ladies in the roster.

Anyway i went to the place mamasan was asian , quite friendly nice person.
ladies came through & there was a middle aged lady... well she is about late 30's but very well groomed, professional make up
with a very nice figure.


selected lana, she seemed to be keen in sucking with the brief dialouge i had prior to selecting.
so i already hard on.
went in had a shower, lana started to slowly touch my balls... then went into the BBBJ. nice technique.
I helped to undress her sexy black dress. ...she had a very nice body.
Although usually i see more mature ladies this one was quality with a smooth silky skin.
She dommed me up ..then into the mish and I blew my load.

If you are after a quality mature asian lady i would recommend her.


Floor: #34
Post Time: 6th September 2014, 02:47 PM
Poster ID: Dick dastardly
Post Title: 
 666 Elizabeth St, Waterloo - 02 9690 1925
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Ebony

Establishment : triple6

Date of Visit : 5th August 2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 9690 1925. 666 Elizabeth st waterloo

Hours of Business : 11.00 - 22.00

Rates : $120/160/200 30/45/60 mins

Age : 25 ish

Size/shape : medium bust, small waist. Big arse big thighs.  About 5 foot 5. Nice face and good skin...getting a tiny bit of cellulite on the thighs as she ages a bit.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Sudanese.

Services Provided : full....deep throat specialist

Value for money/recommend? : yes and  yes 100%

My experience/comments : 

this is shop can be a bit hit and miss. Sometimes the line of 3or 4 girls has two young gems to choose from, sometimes not and you have to have the discipline to walk....there's a Chinese brothel just across the street so you have a plan B!.

best thing about here is that you get a good mixture of race and age to choose from 

Ebony is a good pick there. But ring to check because she doesn't work many days and takes months off sometimes.

Very service orientated and one of the best deep throaters in sydney. Intelligent and friendly.


Floor: #35
Post Time: 6th September 2014, 03:43 PM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by Dick dastardly


Person's Name : Ebony

Establishment : triple6

Date of Visit : 5th August 2014
.

"""



Mistake with the address ?

There is no Ebony on the roster, 666 Elizabeth Street Waterloo Full Service Brothel - Roster


Floor: #36
Post Time: 6th September 2014, 04:35 PM
Poster ID: Dick dastardly
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Yep, as noted in the review, this girl is unpredictable in terms of attendance you have ring to check to be sure she will be there...Tuesdays is the best bet


Floor: #37
Post Time: 26th February 2015, 12:27 AM
Poster ID: cafepombo
Post Title: 
 Dice - 666 Elizabeth St Waterloo - 96901925
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Dice

Establishment : "Triple 6" - 666 Elizabeth St Waterloo

Date of Visit : 18/2/15

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 96901925 / 666 Elizabeth St Waterloo / triple6.com.au

Hours of Business : Didn't ask, but didn't look like it was closing any time soon and I went at 11pm

Rates : $100 / 30, $140 / 45, $160 / 60

Age : late 20's

Size/shape : Slim for African lady. Probably a size 10 in reality.   

Nationality or Ethnicity : Nigerian

Services Provided : FS, no kissing

Value for money/recommend? : YES

My experience/comments : Picked Dice from an otherwise motley line up.  Maybe my standards are too high - I never feel compelled to stay if no one grabs me.  Anyway, Dice was attractive and friendly in the intro, so off we went.  We got on well in the room, and things weren't rushed, which was nice.  It was an all safe experience with no kissing allowed anywhere.  So I figured I may as well just enjoy myself - on went the dom and CBJ was really pretty good.  I wasn't here for a BJ though, and we went at it in a few positions.  The sex was more GFE (without kissing, so not sure if that really counts as GFE), but her personality definitely made it a positive experience.  If African women are your thing, she's definitely worth visiting.  Even if they're not, watching your dick disappear into a black pussy is probably still worth the price of admission.


Floor: #38
Post Time: 21st April 2015, 05:51 AM
Poster ID: batscha
Post Title: 
 Dicey @ 666 Waterloo
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Dicey

Establishment : 666 waterloo

Date of Visit : 19/04/2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 666 Elizabeth St, waterloo

Hours of Business : 10am till late

Rates : $160 an hour

Age : late 20s

Size/shape : B cup, size 10

Nationality or Ethnicity : African

Services Provided : cbj, fs, massage

Value for money/recommend? : okay, but would not repeat

My experience/comments :

Wanted to see a black girl for the first time and heard this place usually has them. After waiting for 20mins, got shown two, Dicey and Sammy. Both seemed like they had lived in Australia for a while. Sammy had a more curvaceous body, which I wasn't feeling, so went with Dicey. 

After a shower, was given a weak massage. There was limited communication at this stage and it was all a bit clinical. Asked to turn over and on went the dom, before a surprisingly good cbj with good suction and deep throat. Though was keen on my playing with her pussy. After 5 minutes or so, put some lube on before jumping on top. Did cowgirl and reverse cowgirl before blowing. 

Dicey is a good looking girl, with a thick arseand sharp facial features. However, her service is dispassionate and formulaic. Many more fish in the pond, wouldn't repeat.


