Floor: #1
Post Time: 3rd March 2015, 10:31 PM
Poster ID: fjfan
Post Title: 
 Araya/Jaya - Jevou/Senses Sydney  (Nuru Massage) - 0458 490 758
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jaya/Araya

Establishment : Jevou/Senses Sydney Nuru Massage

Date of Visit : 02/02/15

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 
Erotic Massage Sydney, Nuru Massage Sydney, Tantra Tantric Sydney, 
Nuru massage and Tantra Massage Sydney
Senses SydneyNuru Massage Melbourne & Sydney

All the same joint apparently just different names and contact details. 

Hours of Business : 
Mon - Thurs 10am - 10pm 
                           Fri - Sat 10am - 11pm
                           Sunday 12noon - 10pm

Rates : According to their website the base prices are $140 for half an hour, $240 for one hour, $350 an hour and a half and $420 for two hours. Although depending on what you want it could be more or less. 

A comprehensive list of rates can be seen below. 

Senses Sydney

Age : Mid to late 20's 

Size/shape : Apart from a bit of a flabby stomach I felt she had a nice curvy body with a very spankable ass.  

Make up your own mind. 

 


Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai 

Services Provided : Ridiculously long list of services all involving Nuru massage with a variety of tantric positions which are priced by colour blue,red,black and a Sukebe chair option as well. Some of the girls also offer a full service option from what I heard. The list looked like a bunch of horse shit to me so I basically asked for her to give me a massage with a happy ending that catered to my foot fetish.  

A comprehensive list of services can be seen below. 

Senses Sydney

Value for money/recommend? : For what I wanted most definitely. Will be coming back for sure to try some of the other girls.  

My experience/comments : This place always seems to be changing its name and having different websites up on an almost monthly basis. Their most recent one being http://www.geishamassage.com.au/. I recommend calling or texting the number on their other site Erotic Massage Sydney, Nuru Massage Sydney, Tantra Tantric Sydney, (or Nuru massage and Tantra Massage Sydney) which is where I went to get a booking because it seems to be their most consistently updated site and seems to be the longest running. 

With my first punt on NYE with http://auxxxreviews.com/forum/f55/ky...n-kylie-31987/ being a largely forgettable one I decided to check this place out due to its relatively closer proximity and its more reasonable rates. I wasn't disappointed as Jaya (or Araya as some other websites have started referring to her as) gave me an erotic massage using her whole body (especially her feet) to massage me with the Nuru gel for lubrication. She then gave me a footjob with the aforementioned spankable ass facing me. Needless to say I didn't last very long as after showing her what to do with her feet (this girl is a quick learner) and I blew a load all over her feet after her amazing footwork. After a shower we had a quick chat in which she cleared up any remaining confusion I had with the place by stating that Senses Sydney, Jevou etc. were all the same place with the same girls just with different names.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 4th March 2015, 11:46 AM
Poster ID: aviator1300
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Their price list is as long as a Chinese restaurant menu. Only much more expensive.


