Thread Title: Candace - 70 Newtown - 02 9557 3035
Floor: #1
Post Time: 28th May 2016, 10:23 PM
Poster ID: ozawa
Post Title: 
 Candace - 70 Newtown - 02 9557 3035
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Candace

Establishment : 70 Enmore

Date of Visit : May 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 70 Enmore Road, Newtown (http://auadult.com.au/adult-service/70-newtown or Home - Newtown 70 Brothel Erotic Service in Sydney | Sydney Asian Escort Service), 0295573035 

Hours of Business : 24 Hours

Rates : $160 an hour (winter special)

Age : early 20s

Size/shape : A cup, c.165cm

Nationality or Ethnicity : Korean

Services Provided : GFE, CBJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes, definitely.

My experience/comments :

Ok, this will be a massive contrast from other review and it is if you want a GFE. Usually when they say early 20s, I think late 20s but Candace was definitely early 20s. She seemed shy in lineup and was covering up her top given her boobs were a lot smaller than the other girls - but I love real, small perky boobs.

During the session, I could not help looking at her, she was so goddamn cute and reminded me of hs/uni days. She had great skin and was not shaven downstairs but I did not mind. Her English was pretty bad given she has not been here for long but credit to her for trying to speak English.

She is one of those girls that you just want to take it easy on given she gives a great GFE and as I mentioned definitely one of the cutest girls I have ever seen with nice little chuckle and cheeky grin. I just wanted to extend so I could look at her more - one of those.

Onto the session, she started out licking my nipples and my neck and well I kept on looking at her perky tits and nipples and just had to suck them delectable nipples. She slowly progressed to lapping me up before slipping on a dom for a CBJ. She wasn't that experienced but was making an effort and I couldn't help but eye off her bushy pussy. Slowly she guided me underneath her and started bouncing on my dick whilst holding my hands. The mirror next to me made for an awesome view and she sat back and let me watch her as well guiding my hands as she was thrusting and grinding on me.

I had to change positions so went on top and it gave me a great view of her in whole. Me going in and out of her pussy which was nice and tight. She was very sensual with her hands. Liked to do a lot of caressing and holding close. I couldn't hold for much longer so I blew in her and she held me really close kissing my neck... yes a true GFE.

After cleaning up and a bit of chat which was tough given the communication barrier, she gestured me to go again and I did not hesitate. She knew what turned me on and this time I did her from behind. She was a great height and it was good doing her standing on the edge of the bed and even behind on the bed. Just seeing myself go in and out. She had such a cute tight bum so was just so squeezable and yes, the mirror was great. It wasn't long ago before I came again from behind. Would definitely see her again - if her English was better I would be broke!


