Thread Title: Club X - 711 George St, Sydney - 02 9211 4398
Floor: #1
Post Time: 16th March 2011, 12:00 PM
Poster ID: nsa_only
Post Title: 
 Club X - 711 George St, Sydney - 02 9211 4398
				
Post Content: 
Amazing alix
Person's Name:Alix Darling

Establishment :Club x

Date of Visit:11/11/2010

Contact Details/Address/Weblink:clubxxx.com.au

Hours of Business: 10am till late

Rates:40 - 150

Age: 20 ish

Size/shape: slim tall

Nationality or Ethnicity:australian

Services Provided: oral, full service, naked lap dance

Value for money/recommend?: definitely

My experience/comments: Went in to this adult store just for a look around when i saw this woman walking around in nothing but a bra and a g string, so i instantly was horny.... started chatting with her, and she started flirting then she told me about her private rooms .... i was sold, there was so much blood in my old fellow that she could of charged me the world and i would of givin it up.... anyway to cut it short, she had the most amazing ass id ever seen, i thoroughly enjoyed her , would go back for seconds and thirds .

Just to add a bit more, alix wears a blonde wig, thats absolutely hot, just be careful u dont pull it off her when u take her from behind...( thats her fav position... man was i in heaven) .. if u want it all it will cost you 150 if she likes u, 300 hundred for a private 1 hour session...... shes young and well spoken... and loves to giggle alot ... which i find really cute.

You can find her at club x ,sydney george street, or call them at 02 92114398... shes absolutely amazing!


Floor: #2
Post Time: 21st March 2011, 02:38 PM
Poster ID: aviator1300
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Is this girl there every day? I've been to this place a number of times, mostly during the day, but have never seen any ladies walking around. Does one have to specifically ask for her?


Floor: #3
Post Time: 9th April 2011, 11:09 PM
Poster ID: Elmo
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Elmo was robbed (almost).  

It must have been karma for sneaking away from work after heading into the city for a meeting and heading in here .  Anyway, got conned into a private for $40 for 15 minutes with Sammy who looked alright, said she was a Ralph model (Did I recognise her? she asks. Err...no, I actaully have my doubts.) Anyway, 5 seconds in and it's that $40 is just to get you inhere to talk about extras like -

1. Touching $120 - what?
2. Pussy touching $150 - say again WTF!
3. BJ $$$ - I don't remember because it was crazy
4. Mutual oral $450 - FARK!!

I may be a muppet but wasn't copping this so I said I had no cash.  She said OK, duck down to the ATM and I'll wait for you.  She flashed her lovely pussy which was very enticing and said hurry back.  Well, I know I was done over so just plain old hurried off never to return.

You have been warned!


Floor: #4
Post Time: 9th April 2011, 11:13 PM
Poster ID: Chalk010
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Elmo, can you tell us what day of the week, that this "lady" was there?


Floor: #5
Post Time: 9th April 2011, 11:22 PM
Poster ID: Elmo
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Ahh, it was Monday afternoon


Floor: #6
Post Time: 16th June 2011, 06:00 PM
Poster ID: goggles
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name: not sure but I have seen her there before, blonde hair.

Establishment : Club X 711 George st Sydney

Date of Visit: 15/6/2011

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: Adult Shop Australia - Adult DVDs, Sex Toys, Lingerie, Novelties, Magazines

Hours of Business: 

Rates: 40 for a private show, much more for extras

Age: unknown, maybe late twenties or early thirties

Size/shape: mmm, beautiful figure, soft gorgeous body

Nationality or Ethnicity: Caucasion

Services Provided: condom blowjob, strip show

Value for money/recommend?: no

My experience/comments: Elmo was almost robbed. Goggles was most definitely robbed. He got mugged. There is usually somebody who sits in the corner of the store in the doorway of a tiny dark room who wears very little and looks at you with big pleading eyes, "private?" she whimpers. Forty dollars, so what? I pay the guy and we go into the room where there is a chair and instantly she tells me the prices of some of the extra services that are provided. Whoa, slow down I'm thinking. The prices were ridiculous. Just do a strip show for me, please, I kept telling her. But I need to make money, she whined. Get a job, I thought. This is my job, she would probably have replied. Maybe not. Anyway, I stood there waiting for this moderately attractive woman to start dancing and showing off that wonderful body to me for a good ten or fifteen minutes while she went on and on about me having to pay for extras. I don't want extras, I want you to dance! Show me them titties, shake that ass, come on! I'll do full service for you for a ridiculous amount of money, she told me. I do want full service from you but not for that much, I told her.

She had taken her clothes off but that was about it. Time is almost up, she told me without having done anything and I should have walked right there. Demanded my money back from the guy at the cash register or something. Elmo's prices are accurate. After much negotiation the girl with no name and I agreed on a final price of one hundred dollars for a blowjob. "Don't tell anyone," she said to me.

The music then came on. I dropped my pants and she told me to jerk myself off and when I was ready to cum that she would take over. She gets on the floor and starts rubbing herself in the most fake, mechanical and forceful way I've ever seen. It was the most bizarre combination of feelings as I watched her and tried to get myself off. Annoyed and frustrated at having been ripped off. Somewhat turned on by having a beautiful woman on the floor making orgasm faces and sounds at me. There was something comical about it all but it was no time for laughter, I had some serious business ahead of me. 

I can lie to myself all I want, but Mini-me was having none of it, he simply would not co-operate. "Are you ready to cum?" she kept asking me. No. There was some precum in my condom, "did you cum?" she asked me. What kind of whore are you? You can't even tell the difference between cum and precum! The blowjob was the the worst blowjob I have ever received by anybody. She had my poor penis in some kind of death grip and and instead of bobbing her head back and forth her whole body moved and shook while my cock stayed stock still in her mouth. There was a special maneuver where she shook her head very quickly from side to side which I found interesting.

It became clear to me that I was going to have to force myself over the finish line and I stood up over her and jerked myself off. She lay on the ground on her back with her legs spread wide rubbing and and fingering herself. What a view and how I would have loved to have taken her right there and then. "Get up," I told her and she knelt on the ground in front of me with her mouth slightly open. I had the perfect view of her ass, her tits, her back and her shoulders and if it had been like this from the beginning I wouldn't have any complaints.

"Happy?" she asked me.

"Sure."

Her tone of voice had changed, the pleading had gone and somehow now, after it was all over I finally felt I was talking to a real person. She wore the most tired and bitter expression and her bloodshot eyes told the story of someone who had been knocked around far too often. I left telling myself never again. Not from here, anyway.

"I'm broke," she told me.

Inside her little bag full of condoms there were several fifty dollar notes.

"Yeah, so am I."


Floor: #7
Post Time: 17th June 2011, 07:05 AM
Poster ID: hornykiwi
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks for that review goggles and the reminder why I never use the girls there. For a $100 where she gets you to get yourself to the line and she does the final part is a HUGE rip off. You would have been better to go in the cinema just incase a couple came in


Floor: #8
Post Time: 17th June 2011, 08:57 AM
Poster ID: Overtheedge
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
THis must be the girl that wears the fake blonde wig.

She is crackers


Floor: #9
Post Time: 17th June 2011, 11:18 AM
Poster ID: exmelpunter
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hey OTE, havent seen you around for a while 

Back when I was in melbourne I used to regularly go the Club X and Shaft shops.  The girls there were pretty good value for a lap dance and often I'd get a suck, DATY and more for just a few extra bucks. There was one asian girl called Amy (a tiny thing) that allowed access all holes for just $40 more, and she was an absolute cracker.  Her eyes would roll round to the back of her head when she was being pounded.  These Sydney girls are WAYYYY over the top.  Wouldnt be seen dead in one of these rip off shops.


Floor: #10
Post Time: 17th June 2011, 01:05 PM
Poster ID: Overtheedge
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I need to visit Melbourne i think!!!

Havent reviewed lately.  I have been visiting some regulars which i have reviewed previously.

I had one fun experience at the place but it certainly was pricey.

OTE


Floor: #11
Post Time: 29th June 2011, 11:43 PM
Poster ID: Fred Vile
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Reading these reviews reminds me of an experience many years ago at the EROS cinema, when I was a very much younger man, perhaps 25-30 years ago now. It put me off punting for the next 20 years, believing that I would get ripped off again.

I used to go there to watch the X rated movies and see the strippers. I remember not long after they moved from George street to Goulburn Street there was one girl in particular that was beautiful, she had a bit more beef than the other skinny hags and an arse to die for.......but I digress.

Girls used to prowl the audience for a client during the shows. One particular eastern european woman in her 40's I used to especially avoid, as she had a hard face. Despite this I must have been fully loaded one day ( could have been after watching the other mentioned girl) and I gave in the the eastern euro hag and went to the ' private room'. I did not even have the cash, so paid by credit card. The docket to sign came back with $30 more the $100 original price, and believe me that was expensive for 25-30 years ago. The room that she took me to would be best described as a broom closet, when the door was shut it was pitch black. The hag sucked like the proverbial hoover, she obviously knew that she would have this young punk empty in 30 seconds. To this day I do not know whether I had cummed, or shear suction power had extracted the sperm. It was all over in 1 minute, I was 2 and a half 269 Canterbury Road roots poorer and was left with spunk all over me in the dark to clean myself and get the hell out of there....never to return


Floor: #12
Post Time: 3rd July 2011, 12:19 AM
Poster ID: matey2
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I remember those heady days. Pretty wild! What was the name of the Cinema on lower Oxford St, where the naked strippers would clamber through the audience after their show, with every bastard shoving and jabbing their dirty fingers into their pussies? I'm surprised they we'ren't torn to shreds! For the final act they'd go to a small centre stage, lie back wide and guys would go up and dine at the Y. All free of course. I guess they had to get the finger dirt cleaned off somehow (??). But, I'm not sure a bath of half-processed Rechs DA and Tooths New was going to do the trick.

In another place near by, the girls would come down after their strip show and rub their pussies on each punters face and get eaten out. I remember some old cunt in front of me with a dirty coat, greasy hair, a 3 day growth and whiskey breath going hammer and tongs in the love tunnel of a 30+ 'lady'. As she strolled seductively around to me, he leaned over and said "Mmmm, bit salty that one". Needless to say, I declined her offer. As this was happening, the classy theatre MC came over the loud speakers, referring to young girl who'd just finished her strip, saying "Weeell gents, that was the lovely Tina! If you'd like to 'slam into' the lovely Tina, just come back and see me at the office." 

'The lovely Tina's' probably some overweight scrubber smoking 40 a day in a van park in Emu Plains now.

Its funny the shit you remember.


Floor: #13
Post Time: 3rd July 2011, 12:36 AM
Poster ID: sinner
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
was the place in lower oxford street called cinema 35?  after looking at street view on google.for 35 oxford st ............i am very sure it was

used to live roud the corner and snuck there a few times when the then defacto was asleep


Floor: #14
Post Time: 3rd July 2011, 02:13 AM
Poster ID: matey2
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Not sure. May be just 'The Oxford Street Cinema'. I checked the web, but found nothing.

About 6 months ago I ventured to the Cross (don't live in Syd anymore) and headed into Stripperamma or some such. Man, these places are really scraping the barrel now. You'd think with Underbelly and corruption investigations etc. that they'd have cleaned themselves up a bit, but NO! I always got an entry discount in the 90's, but not anymore. Instead you pay top dollar then get some gorilla trying the fleece you for another fiver after you've already paid! - as a 'tip' apparently. A tip for what? I tell 'em to shove it. Anyways, I get inside and I'm immediatey accosted by some drunk Irish loser working off his debts from bar tips. He tells me I 'have to' buy a drink or leave. But I just paid to enter! In the old days they'd try this too, but you'd say 'Yeah, later' and they'd go away. Not this dickhead, he just kept on and on...! So finally, I said "OK OK, get me a beer". There's no show going on, so I'm just staring at a blank stage. But, in the stage mirror I can see the Irish loser at the bar, head back, chugging a big swig from 'my' beer! He then staggers down, beer in hand and leers in saying "Here's your beer'. I say I don't want it. He looks puzzled. "No, but this is your beer!" "Look ya dumbfuk, I could see you drinking from it at the bar" I say and I point to the mirror. I say "Its YOUR beer now!" as I brush past him, heading out. He looks majorly dumb-struck at his folly. A complete waste of money - will NEVER return!

I realise most blokes are afraid to end up as a statistic on the evening news in these places, so they just meekly pay up. But I've found that these troglodytes respect a bit of back-chat and you can get out of their mild extortions. Essentially it sounds like, if not for naive tourists, these KC places would have died long ago. May be its firebomb time!


Floor: #15
Post Time: 12th July 2011, 03:49 AM
Poster ID: wolthelb
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I remember reading on another thread about Club-X Sydney having a regular amateur called "Jasmine" who visits the cinema there. Has anyone met her or can give me the lowdown on this lass? Is she legit?


Thread Title: Club X - 711 George St, Sydney - 02 9211 4398
Floor: #16
Post Time: 19th July 2012, 10:23 AM
Poster ID: Seamiccon
Post Title: 
 Pixie peep show/privte dance girl
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Pixie

Establishment : ClubX

Date of Visit : Sunday 15 July

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 711 George St, Sydney - 02 9211 4398 City - George St Adult Complex - Adult Shop Australia - Adult DVDs, Sex Toys, Lingerie, Novelties, Magazines

Hours of Business : 

Mon  10am-12am
Tue  10am-12am
Wed  10am-12am
Thur 10am-12am
Fri  10am-1am
Sat  10am-1am
Sun  10am-11pm  (peep show/private dance 11am-7pm)

Rates : 
Peep Show Booth: $2 a minute maybe.
Private Dance: $40 for 15 min. extras $100 for HJ, afraid to ask for BJ price

Age : mid to late 20s

Size/shape : caucasian medium height, red hair (wig) B Cups

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : peep show booth; private hardcore strip show and lap dance
Value for money/recommend? : no/no

My experience/comments:
I never saw a peep show so I figured I have a go.  The peeps shows and private dance don't have the same hours as the store, at least not for Sunday.  The peep booths are in the back.  I choose the least dirty looking one and entered closing the door behind me.  It was a small booth maybe 1 metre square.  The peep window was about the size of an A4 sheet of paper.  I put in two $2 coins and the window opens.  I look in the room and there is a bed with a girl sitting on it.  She is clothed in a school girl outfit.  When she sees the window open she starts rolling around on the bed and takes off her skirt and top.  Not a bad body I think to myself.  She reaches over to a table and grabs a sheet of paper with 'private hardcore dance $40 for 15 minutes' written on it.  Fuck, she's not even naked yet and she is upselling me.  She strips off her panties and revealed a very nice pussy.  As she is fingering herself the window closed.  With the strip clubs charging three time that amount for a 15 minutes private dance I figured I'd at least have a look.

I went out fron to the register and ask the guy for a private dance the girl from the peep booth.  I pay the $40 and he walks me over to the tiny room next to the cinema.  A few minutes later the girl arrives.  The said her name was Pixie and explained how the private dance works.  The $40 was for an all nude hardcore dance only, no touching but extras were available for an additional cost.  I asked what kind of extras.  She said HJ with condom, CBJ, fucking.  I asked how much for the HJ and she said $100.  I said it was more than I had and said just the private dance then.  She asked how much I had because then she would tell me what I could get for it.  I said $60 and she said I could rub her pussy but no penetration and suck her tits.  Having already spent the $40 I gave in and gave her the $60.  She put the music on and stripped right down to nothing.  As I sat in the chair she did a good job rubbing her ass against my crotch.  Her tits were perky with light brown nipples that hardened as I played with them.  She really did have a nice pussy and it was great to watch her plunge three fingers in as far as they would go.  

She was really nice and very into putting on a show for me.  If she was at a brothel I would deffinately choose her.  But the cost for 15 minutes is too high for me to recommend a visit to ClubX for a private dance.


Floor: #17
Post Time: 19th July 2012, 02:38 PM
Poster ID: bill_100
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Peep shows are always a rip-off. Better to go to a brothel and pay $90 and you get everything for half an hour or $150 for an hour.


Floor: #18
Post Time: 15th December 2012, 01:30 PM
Poster ID: Erickpy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Is that girl tall?


