Thread Title: Gangnam Girls - 244 Oxford St., Paddington, NSW - 02 9360 1518
Floor: #1
Post Time: 17th July 2017, 04:56 PM
Poster ID: sugarpappy888
Post Title: 
 Gangnam Girls - 244 Oxford St., Paddington, NSW - 02 9360 1518
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Chloe

Establishment : Gangnam Girls

Date of Visit : July, 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.gangnamgirls.com.au/ 

Hours of Business : 11am to late

Rates : 280/hour VIP Service

Age : mid 30s

Size/shape : Slim, large nipples, C-cup, small triangle pubs

Nationality or Ethnicity : Singaporean

Services Provided : DFK, Nuru, BBBJDT, DD, CIM, FS

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : 

Decided to venture out to Paddington to splurge, heard some good reviews on Chloe for her great BBBJDT. Choose the VIP service, which I think includes BBBJ, nuru. If you just do the standard full service, which is alot cheaper, its covered everything and no nuru I believe (which is 180/hour). Made a booking in the morning, got there on time. Shown to the room. It had a huge shower area with a nuru bed on it and this crazy looking shower-head-robot-machine thing. 

Chloe came in, she's a bit more mature than your usual 20 something WL at this price range but she's still very sexy. Long black hair, smooth white skin. She got everything ready while I took off my clothes. She had a bit of tuff above her pussy, but her lips were nice and smooth. Large nipples with a natural C-cup. She beamed with a big smile. 

Her english obviously very good, started with a rubdown in the shower. Cleaned all the crevices, gave me a nice fire and ice BBBJ to start. I can tell she can take it in deep. Not totting my own horn, but I have a slight above average member and a relatively thick girth. She had no problem.

Onto the nuru bed in the shower, she got it warm and started on the back. Some soft moaning as she slide up and down, was pretty nice. Turned around for the other side, same thing except she ended it with some great BBBJDT. Got up and showered off the gel and onto the bed we went.

She started in the back. As she got to my butt...it was very sensual until she spread my butt checks and just went nuts on the DD. Flicking and licking, I'm usually just 50/50 on the DD, but boy she was into it. After awhile we flipped.

She went straight for the BBBJ. And she was one of the best. Lots of slurping and licking on the base. Great suction and she DT like a pro. After a good 5 minutes between BBBJs and DDing she slipped on a dom, I barely noticed. She hopped on for some great cowgirl. She was riding like a mad woman. Went to missionary after awhile and I almost blew. I asked her if I can CIM, she said that'd be an extra $50 tip and I was down for some BBBJCIM.

Ripped off the dom and she went to town. Wasn't long before I blew all of it down her throat. She spat out a bit afterwards. Took a quick shower, tipped her and I was on my way. Overall A experience. She isn't the prettiest girl in town, but the service was great. The extra $ is worth it if you want to be pampered.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 17th July 2017, 05:03 PM
Poster ID: andrewblake
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks for the review..

BTW.. Your reviews have kudos from me.. great style and depth in what is written.. thumbs up!

AB


Floor: #3
Post Time: 17th July 2017, 06:19 PM
Poster ID: sugarpappy888
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks man, I appreciate it. I try to add in enough deals so my fellow punters know what they're spreading their money on :P


Floor: #4
Post Time: 17th July 2017, 06:46 PM
Poster ID: 100dohlaa
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
very nice find ... definitely trying this place out


Floor: #5
Post Time: 21st August 2017, 03:08 PM
Poster ID: MrSeven
Post Title: 
 Chloe - 244 Paddington - Deepthroat Queen
				
Post Content: 
Chloe - 244 Paddington - 93601518
Person's Name : Chloe

Establishment : 244 Paddington

Date of Visit : 14th June

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 244 Oxford St, Paddington.  gangnamgirls

Hours of Business : 11am-2am

Rates : $270 45 mins VIP

Age : late 20's/early 30's

Size/shape : 8, Slim body

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian

Services Provided : full service, dtbbbj, nuru massage

Value for money/recommend? : YES!!!!

My experience/comments : As a regular of Chloe's I may be a little bias but I still think she gives me the best deepthroat blowjob service I've ever experienced. She really is a beautiful person inside and out. If she went and got big boobs I think she'd be perfect.

Chloe had just returned from holiday when I decided to see her yet again.

Been dreaming about her for months while she's been away. But today all my dreams came true.

Our session began with a hot shower and body rub. This was followed by a shower blowjob wth plenty of deepthroat and I love the way chloe gently straddles my balls with one hand between her fingers while engulfing my sword.

Next we move on to the (now fixed) water bed in the extra large shower. Chloe rubs me down with nuru gels and then does her slide work which include a very nice massage and hot water vacuum thing she does with her mouth. All very pleasing and relaxing.

The it's the flip over and chloe gets to work on my front slides. And to my favourite part, the fire and ice deepthroat bbbj. This takes me to heaven and sends my eyes into the back of my head, and my penis into the back of her throat. I wish this goes on forever!!

Before i cum, chloe stops and pulls me back up to the shower for a quick rinse down.

Next it's onto the bed for a cat bath, DD, and more deepthroat blowjob. This goes on and on, and the pleasure and happiness is the best!! 

I feel the cum rising in my cock til I can't hold off any more and blow down Chloe's throat. My orgasm is so intense , I feel like I shoot 8 big cum loads down her throat. Chloe takes it like a queen, and gives me some final nice softer sucks. The best feeling is cumming during deepthroat, if you've never tried it, you should!! 

Another shower to dry off, and then it's time to say goodbye, it's hard to leave after all of that joy 

If you haven't seen Chloe, do yourself a favour. NOW!

For website details and photos....

https://www.gangnamgirls.com.au

MrSeven


