Thread Title: Infinity Oriental - 475 Elizabeth St, Surry Hills - 02 9699 1911
Floor: #1
Post Time: 8th January 2015, 05:40 PM
Poster ID: SeaRay
Post Title: 
 Infinity Oriental - 475 Elizabeth St, Surry Hills - 02 9699 1911
				
Post Content: 
The existing INFINITY MASSAGE @ 475 Elizabeth Street has relocated to inside the BLACK CAT Bordello @ 479 Elizabeth Street and there is a new "INFINITY 475" / INFINITY ORIENTAL with new sensual Asian Ladies as a full service whore house is opening in the old Infinity Massage shop which is presently being refitted @ 475 Elizabeth St on the 12th January 2015 #02 96991911


Floor: #2
Post Time: 17th August 2015, 12:46 AM
Poster ID: gentlescream
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Girl's Name : Nina

Establishment: Infinity 475

Date of Visit : August 2015

Contact Details 475 Elizabeth Street, Surry Hills, 02 9699 1911

Hours of Business : 10am(?) to 10 pm

Rates : $70hr + ___

Age : 21

Size/shape : B cups (almost C) with firm ass, beautifully pear shaped

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Amazing Thai massage, slight B2B, HJ (FS on table)

Value for money/recommend? : Not highly, but worth a go if nearby.


THIS SHOP had always been a bit of a mystery for me. I see their photos which are genuine. The girls' bodies are quite fine. The price seems very generous for that quality. But can't find much in terms of reviews either here not elsewhere. So heck, I've only done the TOFTT duty literally a couple of times for mah bros, so off I went.

I parked about 20 meters from the shop, took care of some duty on my phone and headed towards the door...only to have another punter step to the door just in front of me (damn SMS). Patty the receptionist answered the door. She asked if we had come together ("nah..."). I was so so tempted to ask if her petite cuteness provided services (but held my patience). 

I was guided to a room to wait. Only one girl Nina, was available. (I believe all the girls here are Thai) She had a nice smile, with a 'solid' body and about 165 with heels. B cups and an ass I immediately took a liking to. Pear shaped body - one of the better ones I've ever seen. Her personality, long hair and the body made me say 'go'. Her English isn't too bad but a still quite short. We had some communication problems, but nothing major.

So, while Nina stepped away into another room get ready, Patty took the $70 and said it was for the massage and HE. More extras? Talk with the girl.

Hopped into the room, the shower (facilities and arrangements here are good), stepped out to see Nina just step in. We chatted a bit while she took off her bikini, during which my hands admired various parts of her body. At 21 years of age, she has a positively mature look to pass for 25. 

The massage began and boy...she can really grind it out for ya. She also works in an "official massage" (her words) and really knows what shes doing. Shoulders and back were all better now. I had been putting off a massage for quite some time and luckily enough, I had stepped into the right door and got me the right girl. Her naked body on me...good times. 

Her tackle tickle wasn't long - although she seems to know what she's doing. She asked me to turn over within a minute or two, citing lack of time. So I turned over to get the 'Part 2 part' deeper. $70 on the table for FS, but I turned it down for today. Very tempting, but not enough. Her HE is above average and she knows how to flirt a bit. Can improve on getting you off in other ways, but nowhere near the dreaded mechanical level. 

Overall, she's all around good fun. However, I think I got short-handed in terms of time. Either the calculation was beyond stingy and basically cheating, or she didn't recall her entry time correctly.

Recommended? Well, the massage is definitely there, as is the quality of the girl(s). But still a tricky one. I think I'll find myself there again (but not too soon), but you can definitely get a massage almost as good and a good (or even better) HE with a similar quality girl for less than this amount. So in other words, not a high recommendation, but definitely worth a try if you're in the neighborhood.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 11th January 2017, 05:43 PM
Poster ID: jlee069
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Cindy

Establishment : Infinity 475

Date of Visit : 19th Nov 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Infinity475- Adorable Asian Ladies Sydney Brothel Surry Hills

Hours of Business : 10am-5am

Rates : $195 for 30 min

Age : ~25

Size/shape : slim asian build

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : massage, CBJ, cowboy -> Full service

Value for money/recommend? : Yes. Very innocent but a sweet girl

My experience/comments :

Not having been to this establishment before I wasn't sure what to expect. 

On arrival the lady at the front desk advised there was only one girl available for massage which she introduced me to. 

I told her I was after full service though. 

After discussing with the girl for a few minutes she came back and said Cindy is ready and we went to the room. 

It appears this was Cindy's first night on the job, at least that's what she told me, and she had only just got off the plane from Thailand. 

We had a short spa where she started to massage my back and then my old fella. 

After 5 minutes we got on to the bed were she provided more of a massage. 

After a few minutes I was ready for more and she then handed me a condom and said she wasn't sure how to put it open which then made me believe maybe it was her first night here. she performed CBJ which was ok, not the best and then she got on top for cowboy which she was quite good. 

Finally we got into missionary when I finished the job. 

All in all she was a nice girl, quite young and still somewhat inexperienced in this field although she was quite nice looking and probably would see her again.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 12th January 2017, 12:08 PM
Poster ID: andrewblake
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks for the review..

I think this is only the second one of this place..

This place maybe a dark horse and possible gem of a place..

AB


Floor: #5
Post Time: 17th January 2017, 08:26 AM
Poster ID: sillyoldwanker
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks for this well-written, informative review. I've wondered about this place too. 
But sounds like Cindy is not quite as innocent as all that - she got $195 out of you for only 30 minutes. 






 Originally Posted by jlee069


Person's Name : Cindy

Rates : $195 for 30 min

Value for money/recommend? : Yes. Very innocent but a sweet girl.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 17th January 2017, 07:31 PM
Poster ID: hard
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by sillyoldwanker


................But sounds like Cindy is not quite as innocent as all that - she got $195 out of you for only 30 minutes
"""



I know a Thai Cindy like that... no wonder there's no reviews!


