Floor: #1
Post Time: 18th October 2017, 12:18 AM
Poster ID: sugarpappy888
Post Title: 
 Ruby Kiss - 278 Cleveland St, Surry Hills - 80680886/0424593128
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Chloe

Establishment : Ruby Kiss

Date of Visit : Oct, 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 806880886/0424593128, wechat: gangnamgirls

Hours of Business : 10am to 3am

Rates : 200/45 mins for VIP service

Age : early to mid 30s

Size/shape : Curvy, big nipples, trimmed pussy

Nationality or Ethnicity : Singapore

Services Provided : Nuru, B2B, Rimming, FS, BBBJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : 

So I'm not sure who occupied 278 Cleveland before but it's been taken over by the 244 Paddington crew (Their website was gangnam girls or something), I only found out because I called the old number and couldn't reach Chloe, but found them through Wechat. I've seen Chloe before, and her services are great, albeit her look is not for everyone maybe.

The place is pretty discreet, just off the alleyway, up to a buzzed door. I made an appointment beforehand so was ushered to the room after I paid my fees. There was alot of rooms in this place, more then the number of girls I think currently. I put in the big room with an ensuite shower and a nuru bed on the floor. They have "normal" FS prices which is like $150/45 mins, but everything is covered. So after a bit Chloe comes in with all her items and towels.

I don't think she recognized me, but she has the same big smile, she had a really nice tight dress on. We got undressed and move to the shower, after chatting her up a bit of the new establishment, she immediately warmed up more seeing I was obviously a repeat customer. In the shower she gave a nice scrub down, with some BBBJ and some great rimming with me standing up and her fondling my balls from behind. It was a first and was pretty good.

We move onto the nuru bed, and she gets out the nuru gel. Proceeds for a really great slide, her pussy rubbing everywhere. Then switching to some rimming and BBBJ every now and then, it was heavenly. Finally she said we should wash off and get to the bed. A bit more shower, a bit more BBBJ, and we move to the bed.

She dries me off and we starts for some more rimming, then BBBJ. Finally she grabs the condom and hops on. She rides pretty well and after about 5 minutes, we switch to missionary. I start reving up and blow to a great climax. I think CIM is on offer but for a $50 tip. Back to the shower and I was on my way. I think my 45 minutes was close to an hour after all said and done. Recommended A.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 18th October 2017, 12:32 AM
Poster ID: andrewblake
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks for there review and heads up on the shop!.. :0 

AB


Floor: #3
Post Time: 19th October 2017, 09:04 PM
Poster ID: flygtfalcon
Post Title: 
 Ruby kiss 278 Cleveland st Surry Hills 02 80680886
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : kloe

Establishment : Ruby kiss 278 Cleveland st Surry Hills

Date of Visit : 15 October 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : ph:8068 0886  278 Cleveland St Surry Hills  https://www.gangnamgirls.com.au/models

Hours of Business : early till late ( I suggest you call to check first)

Rates : seemed to be some confusion around what the R&T rate is, I paid $70 for 30 min nude R&T
fs is available here for $110 per 30 mind

Age : said 24, maybe true

Size/shape : slim petite, firm b cup, pretty

Nationality or Ethnicity : Malaysian 

Services Provided : Nude R&T

Value for money/recommend? : yes great service from a cute engaging girl.

My experience/comments : 

Although the address is Cleaveland St, the entrance is a small door off the side street.
Straight up the stairs and into a waiting room, shown 3 girls, all were good looking.
paid $70 to the boss and into the room.

I strip down and shower (clean & in the room) fresh towel, then onto the bed.
a vey erotic nude B2B massage finishe with an enjoyable Hj.
no clock watching or rush to finish.

Into to the shower again, dressed and on my way.

i will be back to see kloe.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 4th March 2018, 02:07 AM
Poster ID: Assandlegs
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : SUMMER

Establishment : Ruby Kiss, 278 Cleveland St, Surry Hills

Photo Genuine: Yes

Rates : $260/hour

Age : early 20's 

Size/shape : 167 cm tall, Tall well-proportioned with long hair down to her ass.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : BBBJ, 69, DATY, FS, NURU, GFE

Prelude:

Ahhh... another day, another shop to add to my wechat contacts!! Added Ruby Kiss a few days ago ... you cant ever have too many shops, right?  Apparantly my phone disagrees because the damn thing seems to be on a constant vibration mode right now!! Checked out my feed and, wow, there were the usual bevy of beauties scrolling down through the feed. Finally, some girls from Ruby Kiss paraded their way through the phone... each and every one of them looked stunning in a different way. 

Sent a message to Joe, who asked me when I wanted to come into the shop and I provided a time and asked him his recommendation. He propmtly replied back "Summer, she is popular with excellent service". Great, I locked Summer in for a 1 hour Nuru visit. I had no idea at the time what Nuru actually was, but I booked it in anyway!

Rocked up to RK and buzzed in. Introduced myself to Joe and he took me to a spacious room that held all necessary facilities. Joe went off to find Summer while I checked out the room. There was the standard bed, but to one side there was a black double sized massage bed, looked like a double bed with a hole cut into it for your face... with a bucket a ladle next to it. There was a soft knock on the door.. 

Review:

In walks one of the tallest girls I have seen for awhile! Summer has a drop dead gorgeous smile, Summer was nearly as tall as I was in her heels! This girl had an amazing figure! Her photos on wechat, while beautiful, do not show her in her full majestic beauty! This girl is stunning! Summer walks up to me and shows me that drop dead smile and gives me a cuddle, I take her hand and give her the obligatory gentle kiss on the back of her hand and was rewarded with a bit of a shy giggle. I like to start off my session with a few gentle kisses to how the girl responds to me, it set the tone for me for the rest of the session. 

Summer was very business like at the start.. she didn't seem to mind the kisses and they were reciprocated, but she seemed in a hurry to get me into the shower. No problem, I thought, we hopped in the shower and Summer then showed me a tantalising glimpse of things to come. After thorough wash-down.. front and back, I manage to steal a few more kisses. Once the cleaning was done with, Summer started to kiss down every inch of my body! When she got down to the old fella (RBJ) she looked up at me, her sexy eyes locked on mine and proceeded to give my of the most erotic BJ's in the shower I have ever had! Her technique was well suited to my needs. She just kept her eyes locked on mine and seemed to really enjoy my reactions to her efforts!

Shower scene done with... I was about to hop on the bed when Summer told me to hop onto the massage bed. This was a totally different experience as it provided me with sensations that I have never experienced before! Hot water was poured over my back and Summer proceeded to wet massage me with her perfect, firm boobs. It felt sensational when her rock hard nipple was rimming my ass.. after a few minutes of body sliding Summer then did the hoover suction thingy where she began to suck all the water off my body. She started at the top and went all the way down to my feet and then slowly worked her way back up. At this point she concentrated on my ass cheeks and I was getting more nervous by the second!! I can feel my gay-o-meter starting to rise, but Summer, continues to lick and slurp my ass cheeks.. suddenly, she gently starts to lick down from the top of my ass, but she begins to make little moaning noises that really distract me. For the first time in my life, my gay-o-meter turned off and, wow, her gentle moaning and super gentle licking and kissing was something special!! Sensations that I had never felt before flooded my body! This went on for a few minutes and Summer asked me to flip over and she continued with a BBBJ to remember! Eyes locked on mine and concentrating on the tip... I actually asked her to stop as I was about to blow my load  - and I wasn't even on the bed yet!

Summer asked me to hop on the bed after drying me off and continued her routine. BBBJ continued to be awesome with major eye contact, so sexy! I wanted to get Summer out of her routine, she wasn't mechanical, but you could tell that she liked things done in a certain way. I took a little bit of control from her at this point and asked her to stop her awesome BJ... I gently touched her face and slowly worked my way around her body and up with gentle kisses as she was on top of me. I reached her face and gently caressed her face and cupped her head as I kissed her lips oh so very gently and I was rewarded by Summer looking down  with shy eyes, long hair completely covering my chest and kissing me back quite nicely.

At this point, Summer throws her leg over and we proceed to have a lovely session of 69, her pussy is sweet and wet. I have her soon twitching above me and finally she had enough.. hopped off and started to kiss me again, this girl sure knows how to kiss and what buttons to push!! Summer slides herself up and is sitting on my chest, her hair is hanging fully down and is tickling my nuts as she leans back, talk about super erotic! As she is sitting on my chest, I lift her slightly so that I could reach up and gently start kissing her belly, thighs. Summer looks down at me, lift herself up as I slide down lower and she positions herself perectly for a "I am going to sit on your face" DATY. She is so wet, I go to work to find her sweet spot and had her squirming again, she suddenly began grinding herself very hard on my face and in the end, I just laid still and let Summer grind herself to an orgasm on my face. What a girl!!

With hardly a break in beat, Summer produced a dom and, while grinding my tongue, leaned back and slide it on without looking or stopping, she quickly slide down and mounted me in CG and commenced pumping, apologising to me that she was so wet... I told her that there is nothing to apologise for, and she was TIGHT! Awesome stuff!!  I give Summer a tap on her thigh and ask her to lay down and proceeded my routine in mish.. I started of gently, along with the gentle kissing and soon found myself pounding her enough to make me blow my load uncontrollably!

Finally 10 minutes to go, Summer is offering more massage, but I just smiled at her and motioned her to come to the edge of the bed and commenced a DATY session to see if I could get her over the line. I soon discovered that Summer has a super sensitive sweet spot. I worked her up, very gently, to an explosive orgasm that left her looking at me in amazement. I was left looking up at her in complete amazement as I helped her along to one of the most intense orgasms that I have ever seen a woman do.. she got so wet, her entire pelvic area was shaking and shuddering so intensely, it was just amazing to watch! She told me that she had cum 3 times, but that last one was the most intense. I don't know whether to believe her or not, but she said that it was the most intense she had ever experienced. When she stood up, she gave a little stumble while I steadied her and she gave a cute giggle an said that she was a bit weak in the legs and she just wanted to sleep now. She continued to kiss me all the way to the shower, cleaned me up and asked me if I enjoyed the session as much as she did. 

Summer paid me the ultimate compliment of asking me to come and see her again soon!

Conclusion:

Summer is a fantastic girl, if you let her go on with her routine, she will take you to heaven and back. 

Nuru was different, but good and at least I can say that I have finally experienced it!

Thank you Joe for suggesting Summer, she was just awesome, and cute and sexy, and orgasmic...

Thank you Summer for letting yourself go enough to really enjoy our session together! It was unforgettable!


Floor: #5
Post Time: 4th March 2018, 11:46 AM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
The fumes of immaculate service from Ginza club just down the road, must be seeping in through the air vents of this new shop.


