Thread Title: Sakura57 - 57 Reservoir St, Surry Hills - 02 9281-2818
Floor: #1
Post Time: 28th May 2010, 11:00 PM
Poster ID: dandriller
Post Title: 
 Sakura57 - 57 Reservoir St, Surry Hills - 02 9281-2818
				
Post Content: 
Dropped into this place not really intending to stay but just to check  out somewhere that was new to me.
There were 3 girls, Singapore,  Korean and the third was the one I had to have, a cute Japanese.
Her  name was Momo and she was every inch genuine Japanese.
From her  mannerisms to her accent she was clearly genuine and very talkative in  excellent English with the very distinctive Japanese accent.
I was  quite taken by her and her tidy body really had me in trance as she was  quite young and pretty.
There was no extras, it was very vanilla, CBJ  but done very nicely.
Cowgirl was nice and slow as I was "so big".
Thankfully  she did not do the Japanese porn style fake squealing.
I was not  allowed to do anything to her but she did let me play with her clit and  she showed me how she liked it.
No daty or kissing but I quite  enjoyed the experience.
The shop has signs warning that BBBJ is  unsafe sex and will not be practised so I really was not surprised with  the service I received.
I doubt that I would go back though.

Momo  mid 20's
looks 8
body 7 
CBJ 7
sex 7

Paid $125 for  30 minutes


Floor: #2
Post Time: 8th August 2010, 08:05 PM
Poster ID: letterman2
Post Title: 
 Sally at  Sakuras Place - 57 Reservoir St Surry Hills
				
Post Content: 
Sally at Sakuras Place - 57 Reservoir St Surry Hills (japanese girl)

I visited a couple of Tuesdays ago (tues specials $160hr)
Entered via the very discreet side entrance near
Greeted by nice receptionist, he asked me to wait in the room for about 5 mins

eventually was shown about 5 girls, various asian groupsm korean, chinese, thai, japanese.... Sally stood out..
she was petite and smiley. We went upstairs, showered and talked for a little bit

We talked for a bit and I played with her nips and a little bit of daty....
she got a little bit wet and she put on the dom immediately for some cbj
and we began mish...(didnt use lube)

a few minutes later..we were done with time to spare..
we chat for a little bit before she walked me down the stairs.

I really liked the experience overall, good value i think at $160.
will go back for sure, would like to try someone else if available
if not..ill be happy to go for sally again.

overall experience.....7/10 



Establishment and/or person's Name: Sally / Sakuras Place

Contact Details/Address: 57 Reservoir St Surry hills

Hours of Business: I guess 7 days a week till late?

Prices: $200 an hr normally after 5pm I think...(but tuesdays are $16an hr)

Age: Sally was about...early - mid 20s

Size/shape: Small, white skin, slim, cute

Nationality or Ethnicity: Japanese..not much english..but not too bad either

Services: CBJ, FS, DATY

Value for money/recommend?: on tuesdays, YES

My experience/comments: For $160 I think it was very good...clean rooms, very discreet side entrance, good girls....will def go back.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 14th April 2011, 03:11 PM
Poster ID: boomer
Post Title: 
 Miko - Sakura
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name:  Miko

Establishment: Sakura

Contact Details/Address: 57 RESERVOIR ST Surry Hills  02 92812818 

Hours of Business: 12 till late

Prices: 45 min  $140

Age: 20

Size/shape: slim 

Nationality or Ethnicity: japanese

Services: massage cbj full service

Value for money/recommend?: definately

My experience/comments: Was shown three ladies and I chose this girl because it was the only one whose name I remebered let alone the girl, such was the speed of the introductions. However I was pleased with my choice.
Miko wouldn,t stop smiling and laughing. Her english language skills were poor but she was friendly enough. Gave me a good massage with abit of teasing - a bit intrigued by my shaved head. Rolled over and gave a comfortable cbj. Seemed a bit tame at this stage but when we got down to business she exploded like a fircracker. She encouraged me to touch her everywhere and bounced around vigourously. Good fun and she seemed to enjoy her work. Good times for everyone.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 3rd June 2011, 12:15 AM
Poster ID: chickenbrother
Post Title: 
 Jessica - Sakura Palace
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Jessica

Establishment : Sakura Palace

Date of Visit: 31/5/2011

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: Sakura Palace

Hours of Business: 

Rates: 110=30mins 140=45mins 160=60mins before 18:00

Age: looks 28

Size/shape: 8

Nationality or Ethnicity: Korean

Services Provided:

Value for money/recommend?:

My experience/comments:

Face: 7/10 (looks ok from far away, close up not that great)
Body: 7/10 (B cup, slim body, avg size)
CBJ: 7/10 (slow, good gfe, good eye contact)
CatBath: 7/10 (slow, takes her time, gentle, sensual)
Main: 7/10 (cow girl at first, pretty nice)
Overall: 7/10 (not much special comments, just an avg girl, but she does try to please)
Return factor: 3/10 (unlikely, nothing special)


Floor: #5
Post Time: 20th June 2011, 07:52 PM
Poster ID: mobay7
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Lisa

Establishment : Sakura Palace

Date of Visit: Early June

Contact Details/Address/Weblink:

Hours of Business: 

Rates: $140 for $45

Age: Mid 20s

Size/shape: Slim/Enhanced

Nationality or Ethnicity: Thai

Services Provided: CBJ/FS

Value for money/recommend?: NO

My experience/comments: 

A line up of two girls, Lisa from Thailand who had smoking body with dark complexion, and another Girl from Taiwan who was also attrcative but very tall which doesnt suit me.

So up the stairs with Lisa , start with showering together , give cock a good clean and does so nicely. Out we come and she positions me on bed, and vigorously starts licking my nipples which to be honest wasnt that exciting, all of a sudden condom on and CBJ starts, lasts maybe 30 secs , and next thing i know she climbs on for Cowgirl, feels quite tight and surprised she hasnt used lube, as she starts squealing with what to my ears was a pained sound rather than a pleasure sound. Her rhythm isn't great so we change to mish, where she refuses to make eye contact but keeps on squealing, after a while i am starting to doubt my ability to complete so i suggest Doggy and we start up again, this was by far the best and while i had to fantasize about a hot ex girlfriend to get over the line, Lisa did look great in Doggy.

Quick shower and Lisa finishes off with massage then ushers me out 5 mins early.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 6th September 2012, 05:19 PM
Poster ID: Henry1
Post Title: 
 Sakura Palace - August 2012 - Saky
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Saky

Establishment : Sakura Palace

Date of Visit : August 2012

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 02 9281 2818

Hours of Business : Noon till late

Rates : $110/30, $140/45 and $160/60 before 6pm and $125/30, $140/45 and $180/60 after 6pm

Age : 20's

Size/shape : Slim, size 6

Nationality or Ethnicity : Japanese

Services Provided : DATY, BJ, FS, No kissing

Value for money/recommend? : Saky was fun but the intros suck


Having had a few drinks and dinner with some high flying punters, I announced my intention of heading off to SWL. On the way I just happened to pass Sakura, and given that variety is the spice of life, I thought I'd give it a go.

The papasan sat me down and the introduction was one of those speedy affairs of "I'm Saky" and a wave. She was the only one on, and given that there was no opportunity to talk to her, I was in two minds whether to stay. I decided on 45 minutes at $140 and handed over $150. The papasan said he'd get the change to me after the session.

Pricing is 2 tiered. $110/30, $140/45 and $160/60 before 6pm and $125/30, $140/45 and $180/60 after 6pm. Why you would take 30 minutes after 6pm when for an extra $15 you can have an extra 15 minutes is hard to understand, especially when the time for 4 showers is included in the time.

I soon found out that Saky didn't kiss, obviously one of those girls who keep the really intimate stuff for their boyfriends. Thankfully she allowed DATY">cunnilingus


Floor: #7
Post Time: 7th September 2012, 08:37 AM
Poster ID: bill_100
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Henry maybe you should have followed your first thoughrs and walked; bad luck about your change.


Floor: #8
Post Time: 22nd March 2013, 12:46 AM
Poster ID: CunningLinguist
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
There were 3 girls to choose from, I chose Cathy (or possibly her name is Cassie) as she looked the best. Cassie had the biggest boobs, and they looked nice through her see through top, the rest of her looked ok under the dim light when she was paraded, but in the room where the light was stronger I could see she was easily in her forties. I went for the 30 mins for $120 special.

I showered, she ran back out of the room to get the condoms that she forgot, no worries. When she came back she stripped and was waiting for me to lie down. She didn't shower so I assumed she already had one before I arrived. It seemed to start ok, she started licking my nipples and fondling my member and made some moaning noises. I started caressing her and one hand made its way to her pussy and the other to her right breast. Her tits are big, and obviosuly fake, but I didn't mind. There was no juice coming from the pussy, and even though I was being very gentle and patient she quickly said "Stop, I have to work you know, let me get some lube". So she lubed her pussy and put a condom on me and I resumed caressing it, and her right breast, while she did a CBJ. The CBJ was ok, no DT though. After a while it became obvious that she didn't want me to caress her biggest asset, her breasts, as she kept repositioning and putting her arm in my way to make it difficult for me to caress them, I was being gentle all the time. I got a bit further with her pussy, but just as I started to finger her she jumped on me for some forward cowgirl. Ok, she didn't want to get fingered either.

The cowgirl was ok, I was allowed to grope her breasts lightly, she bent forward a bit and I could reach around and caress her buttocks. I started to feel around her pussy and bum hole but as soon as I touched her bum hole she grabbed my hand and moved it. I was'nt being rough or moving fast just slowly adventuring. Out of bounds again!

We changed to doggy, this was ok, but I wasn't going to come in this position so we changed to mish. After turning over straight away she raised her knees up so I was lying against her shins, I actually don't mind this position as you can get some good penetration but it was obvious she was doing it to protect her fake tits. It was during this part when the light shone on her breasts that I could see the large scar marks around her nipples. After a while she let me lay against her but I had to support my weight so I didn't touch her breasts. While we were doing mish I asked if we could do spanish, she said no.

After pounding away for a while she offered me a hand job, I said ok since I was no where near coming. I straddled her while she did a hand job. I asked if I could cum, on her tits and she said yes! She kept pushing me backwards though so that I wasn't really going to cum or her tits it would be more like her stomach. After a little while she said she had a sore arm and stopped. So I lay down and she did a hand job again. This was not helping much so I suggested she lay down and I tip drill her. As I was BB tip drilling her I noticed how she was tensing her muscles and the expression on her face and remembered all the out of bounds issues and her generally bad attitude. Then as if by cue she said to stop as I was sweating on her back and hair. It was at this moment I realised this would be the first time I have seen a ML or WL and not cum.

So I got off her and to her credit she offered to try another hand job but I said don't worry and took a shower, time was almost up anyway. Neither of us talked after that, I got dressed and walked downstairs by myself and walked out.

So:
Age: mid forties
Face: 5.5/10
Body: 6/10 could do with some toning up
Breasts: 6/10, would have been an 8 if could have touched them some more.
GFE: no
Attitude: poor
Value for money: no, didn't even cum
Recommend : no.


Floor: #9
Post Time: 20th October 2013, 10:02 PM
Poster ID: starks
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : jasmine 


Establishment : Sakura Palace



Date of Visit : Oct 2013


Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 02 9281 2818



Rates : $120/ 30min $150/45



Age : early 20's



Size/shape : Slim



Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai



Services Provided : DATY, FS, 



Value for money/recommend? : yeah

Id been battling the biggest hang over all day, and I just had the biggest craving for some pussy.. Like I alI could think about was eating some pussy I especially some hairy Asian pussy so I figured the Japanese joints were the safest bet.. So after searching the net for a few hours I read somewhere that Ginza on cleaveland st is the new Tokyo cat!! My dick was rock hard.. Rocked up to the address but there was a sign on the door saying closed tonight!! Fuck!! So I got back into my car went through the forums again and it was a toss up between commonwealth st and sakuras place.. I've had 2 good punts in a row at commonweath st so I was worried that my luck had run out there. So I went with sakuras which I'v never been too. As I was about to approach the guy walking 10m in front of me rings the door bell and goes in there! Fuck I had when that happens!! Was that a sign that I should go somewhere else? So I walked straight past circled the block and came back in. The hostess was this white kiwi chick who keep cracking the corniest jokes. 2 girls introduced them selves the first was cubby, I guess Chinese, not that friendly.. The second was gourgess!! A slim dark skinned Thai  stunner with a great smile and the sweetest voice.. jasmine!! The choice was easy. I paid the host for 45 minutes and followed jasmine up the stairs.. Wait didn't I want a jap girl!? Oh well.. We got into the room made some chit chat she told me she just started working here yesterday and I was her first customer of the night!! Gold!! Her English was terrible but she was so sweet and sexy it didn't matter.. After the shower i was straight to business straight down to Datey she had pubes so I had the time of my life down there I ate her out for like half an hour.. I'm pritty sure I made her cum with just my tounge too which I've never done before.. After that I smashed her Misho for like 10 min then blew and left extremely satisfied.. Jasmine I will be back!!


Floor: #10
Post Time: 22nd November 2015, 08:42 AM
Poster ID: Kwame
Post Title: 
 Sakura Palace -Meya
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name :Meya

Establishment :Sakura Palace

Date of Visit : 18 November 2015

Contact Details : /Address/Weblink :57 Reservoir St,Surry Hills NSW

Hours of Business :12pm to 3am

Rates : $180/1 hour

Age : 23-25

Size/Shape : B cup,size 8

Nationality or Ethnicity :Asian ,Thailand

Service Provided : FS, GFE, Massage ,BBJ

Value for money/Recommended : Definatly 


My experience /comments :


So I visited Sakura Palace one night after a few drinks with mates. I frequently walked passed this brothel as I work quiet near to the place but have never been brave enough to enter during the day. Anyway after a few drinks I was feeling pretty horny and didn't want to frequent to the place that I usually go to as I already spent most of my money .So being in the Surry Hills area I decided to finally check out this mysterious joint. The good thing about this place it they have a side entry which is less visible so I slipped through the side and rang the doorbell. Anyway I was greeted by and Australian lady which was quiet different was expecting and Asian. So she was quiet friendly and chatty.So she sat me down and asked me if I had any one in particular that I wanted to see, I said not really happy to see all the girls.So four young lady's came out,all Asian decent and only on caught my eye which was Meya. 

Meya spoke really good english and she had on a nice see through black dress which I liked.So payed to see Meya for 1hr.So she took me in her hands and walked me upstairs to the bedroom.So I took my shower and Meya came inside the shower with me ,I was quiet impressed.She showered me down like a wetseal. Stroking me,biting my lips,rubbing my balls ,playing with my nipples .I then was playing with her body stroking her pulling her hair sucking on her nipples .Meya then said she wants me inside of her lets go on to the bed.So I followed her,After drying ourselves down we both laid on the bed to finish what we started.This girl can certianly knows how to cater to her clients.She is so passianote and bubbly you can tell she enjoys her job.So anyway after passionate kissing I then proceeded to go down on her,which she enjoyed directing my head and pushing my head further inside her.As she moaned I went deeper and faster,in different motions then Meya said she's gonna cum.And I continued until she cumed it was the best feeling seeing her in all her glory.So then it was my turn,Meya then asked my which one I prefer covered or uncovered bj.I immediately   responded uncovered.So she told me her price which was $50 I said great and gave her the money.So Meya proceeded to go down on me while giving me this cheeky grin ,she was pretty good in handling my big fella .Deep throating all the way down whilst moaning and rubbing my balls.I then told her to stop before I cum ,she had a lil cheeky grin on her face.So she went and grabbed the condom and put it on..I could feel my big fella going down so I told her to jump on top and ride me.So she immediately jumped on top and started riding me whilst looking into my eyes smiling.I was in heaven fellas the best sex I've had since my ex girlfriend left me.Long story short after this turns into a novel lol.After I came we laid there in each others arms and chatted for about 15 minutes. And then the buzzer went of.Anyway after we showered Meya walked me down stairs and kissed me on the cheek and said she hopes to see me again soon.

So that was my experience with Meya,please excuse my grammar.Still learning.Thanks


Floor: #11
Post Time: 12th May 2016, 02:02 PM
Poster ID: Ozcock
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Misha

Establishment : Sakura

Date of Visit : 12/5/16

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 57 Reservoir St Surry Hills

Hours of Business : No idea. Was there lunch time

Rates : Daytime rates- $100/30mins or $150/60mins

Age : Said 26 probably early 30's

Size/shape : 6 to 8, Petite and busty

Nationality or Ethnicity : Said Jap/Korean bet she's Chinese

Services Provided : Full service

Value for money/recommend? : No way, get fucked, fuck off.

My experience/comments : OK. Rocked up today around lunchtime with a big crowd across the road from premises lining up at some take away. Fortinately there is a side entrance through which i managed to slip through.

Mamasan opens door and escorts me to a waiting room. Misha comes out and i'm waiting for more.But there were no others. TBH , Misha didnt look too bad with white skin, petite body and 36d bust. Turn off was wig which looked quite ridiculous.

Mamasan comes back and asks if i want Misha. No problem. I do reinforce with her asking if Misha gives good service to which she replied ,excellent. OK so i hand over $150 and Misha escorts me upstairs to room.

From here it heads downhill. Misha offers me the shower which i enter and she departs. I finish shower and she reenters the room, gets me to lie on bed then she proceeds to strip and take a shower. Thinking to myself this little cunt is too smart for her own good with her taking a shower during my time. But at this stage i say nothing hoping things will improve as till now there has been no intimacy or touching at all.

Misha then lies next to me and starts to slowly touch my chest,arms. I then proceed to ask her what she likes but she is very quiet. I then try to kiss her but her reply is "you must pay more". I shut up and start running my hand to her pussy. Again she responds, "you must pay more".

Well that was it. I told her to go get my money back. Plain and fucken simple. 

She didnt want confrontation and scurried downstairs with me in hot pursuit so she cant spread any bullshit.

Fortunately the mamasan was waiting at bottom of stairs obviosly surprised we were back after 15mins into a 1hr booking.

Now i must give credit to the mamasan. After i explained to her what had happened she proceeded to give back my $150 with no problem.

On the way out Misha was shouting i had to pay her for letting me suck her nipples. Told her to get fucked.

FFS just wanted to get blown and ended up in a disaster situation with a fucken smart arse worker that i would say takes advantage of 'soft' blokes. 

Fortunately $$ returned so all's well that ends well. I dont accept blokes trying to rip me off so certainly dont accept working girls trying the stunt.

Some may think some of this is harsh but it's what happened. I'm over it just wanted it known on here with some of these places on the 'cheap' side if you dont make it clear what's included it can either cost heaps more or a shit experience.


Floor: #12
Post Time: 12th May 2016, 03:20 PM
Poster ID: Mr Crash and Burn
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
FFS extras for kissing nipples...whats next fucking towel levy and excess water if you are longer than 30 seconds in the shower.

Or with this one....no look or you pay more


Floor: #13
Post Time: 12th May 2016, 05:02 PM
Poster ID: WOTAN01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by Mr Crash and Burn


FFS extras for kissing nipples...whats next fucking towel levy and excess water if you are longer than 30 seconds in the shower.

Or with this one....no look or you pay mor
"""



Sounds a bit like the Melbourne disease that brauninc has been taking about. Ozcock did the right thing complaining as did the mamasan in refunding the money. If mamasan is smart she will sack Misha.


Floor: #14
Post Time: 12th May 2016, 09:01 PM
Poster ID: CunningLinguist
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
What would you have done if the Mamasan did not refund your money ?


Floor: #15
Post Time: 12th May 2016, 11:10 PM
Poster ID: Ozcock
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by CunningLinguist


What would you have done if the Mamasan did not refund your money 
"""



Threatened them with cops and immigration. Bottom line is as much as it was a bad situation totally instigated by the girl, the mamasan handled it perfectly, didnt try and negotiate and was happy to hand over all my money. She did ask , "did you cum/fuck her" to which i replied "you kidding, i've been gone 15mins and she just finished in the shower". 

most of these girls are working illegally and neither the establishment nor the girls would want the heat.

Lots of blokes seem to forget that generally we hold the balance of power in these situations. I say "in these situations" where there hasnt been any physical abuse, drugs or any other underhand shit.

Bottom line is i didnt get what i paid for and have every fucken right to complain in this country.

Dont see why these rorters should get a free ride.


Thread Title: Sakura57 - 57 Reservoir St, Surry Hills - 02 9281-2818
Floor: #16
Post Time: 12th May 2016, 11:46 PM
Poster ID: hard
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I hear you Ozcock. Essentially, a good TOFTT report as it's been a long time between drinks at this place.

However, maybe this girl is new to the business and in fact, quite possibly shouldn't be in the biz. Fair enough that you got your dosh back but we can't assume that "most of these girls are working illegally". There's a whole range of circumstances under which they may be able work... or not.

The return of toll may have been simply good management rather than avoiding heat. We don't know.

"Bottom line is i didnt get what i paid for and have every fucken right to complain in this country." Hehehe... oh that it were so, eh 

Thanks for the review though


Floor: #17
Post Time: 8th September 2017, 05:57 PM
Poster ID: Nelson Brunswick
Post Title: 
 Nana - Sakura Palace, Surry Hills 0402-47-57-57
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Nana

Establishment : Sakura Palace

Date of Visit : August 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 57 Reservoir Rd, Surry Hills

Hours of Business : 10am to 5am

Rates : $160 for an hour

Age : early to mid 20s

Size/shape : skinny

Nationality or Ethnicity : Japanese

Services Provided : CBJ, FS

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : I pop into this shop occasionally after work as it is discreet and cheaper before 7pm. Service is normally pretty good for what it is. 

I spotted Nana at an earlier lineup and filed her as one for a future visit thanks to her pretty smile. I booked her this time to avoid the slight variability of the lineup. She was available on time but somewhat thinner than I had remembered. She later told me that she had lost lots of weight recently, having gained it while on holiday at home in Japan.

I was led to one of the rooms at the top of the shop. It was slightly small but warm enough and the shower was serviceable. Once I emerged from the shower and settled down on the end, Nana got going with a cat bath leading to a very slow and sensual CBJ. This was so good I asked her to repeat the routine before she hopped on top to ride me enthusiastically. We switched to mish where I finished the job.

With only a few minutes left on the clock we relaxed and chatted. She's easy to talk to, bright, very sweet and her English is good. She isn't the prettiest girl I've seen at this shop - although by no means unattractive - but the service was definitely at the upper end of the scale for Sakura. She was very skinny when I saw her, too skinny for my taste, with B cup tits and a neat bush.

Drawbacks include solo shower, no DATY, no DFK and no BBBJ but all in all, pretty good for a cheaper punt, one of the better ones I've had here and I would see her again.


Floor: #18
Post Time: 1st June 2018, 11:35 AM
Poster ID: Njord33
Post Title: 
 Sakura Palace - Liz
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Liz

Establishment : Sakura Palace 

Date of Visit : 28/05/18

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.surryhillsbrothel.com.au/

Hours of Business : 10am-5am

Rates : $170 - 30mins (Diamond Class)

Age : around 25-27

Size/shape : About 165cm/Size 8

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Light DFK, DATY, Catbath, BBBJ, mish, doggy and cowgirl

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : 

I had a bit of time to spare after work before a dinner and decided to head to Sakura Palace. When I got there I was advised that they were doing renovations for one month and all the ladies will be working at their new shop at 43 Albion Street (3 minutes away)

The receptionist even kindly walked me to the new premises. Once I arrived, I was shown into one of the two large communal waiting rooms. I wish there was more privacy because I am not a huge fan of seeing other punters. Luckily I was by myself in the second room and I was shown the line up.

There were 5 ladies in the line up and I was torn between Kara (cute Korean with a bobcut hair) and Liz. I decided on Liz and didn't regret it.

There is a tiered silver, gold and diamond service at Sakura Palace and I chose the Diamond service for 30 mins. I exchanged the cash and was lead to a large room on the second floor.

Liz asked if I was Chinese when we were behind closed doors and I told her I was ABC. Unfortunately, she speaks little to no English but could understand a bit of Cantonese. When undressed she unveiled a well proportioned body and nice C cup breasts.

She told me to go into the shower and gave me a good clean and commented on how big/hard I was getting. She giggled when I told her it only does that around pretty ladies.

Once we dried off we went on the and she started giving me a good catbath all over which then proceeded to a very sensual bbbj. 

We then moved to 69 and after a bit I got her to lie on her back to give her DEATH. After a few minutes of DATY she pushed me away because she was too sensitive in that area. 

It was then straight to cowgirl and doggy before I finished up in mish. She cleaned me up and we tried to chat which was both funny and awkward with the language barrier.

Overall, I definitely will be seeing Liz again and for much longer!


Floor: #19
Post Time: 27th December 2018, 12:18 PM
Poster ID: jeantousse
Post Title: 
 Susan at Sakura 57, Surry Hills
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Susan

Establishment : Sakura 57

Date of Visit : 17/11/2018

Rates : 130

Age : 20s

Size/shape : slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Full service

Value for money/recommend? : arguable

My experience/comments : For starters the receptionist told me she was Korean when she was actually Chinese which created a very awkward moment when I started speaking Korean to her and she couldn't reply. I still proceeded. I think she lacked experience, she was quite robotic, didn't really seem to enjoy the time, made half assed moaning sounds and couldn't speak english either. In the hit & miss world of mongering, this was a miss for me but not a complete turnoff.

Should probably expand on this:
 I got her for 30 minutes. I usually skip the covered bj, not my thing so can't comment on that. No shower together. I had her lie on her back and rubbed her over a bit. She put the condom on by hand. Started missionary and then tried a few other positions, she satisfactorily followed instructions. no kissing (not that I tried). She was skinny but her body wasn't amazing. She had a pretty face but I felt like she was wearing a tonne of makeup (I mean, more than usual). The venue itself is average - I've had worse but not what I would call 5 star... maybe 3 star. I found Kyoto 206 nearby a bit cleaner but all-in-all if you get a good girl there I don't think you'd be too put off by the venue.


Floor: #20
Post Time: 24th January 2019, 06:57 PM
Poster ID: ausnew1
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : khita

Establishment : sakura palace

Date of Visit : nov18

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 
https://www.surryhillsbrothel.com.auhone :

Hours of Business : late

Rates : 120 for 30

Age : 20s

Size/shape : small

Nationality or Ethnicity : thai

Services Provided : CBJ shower together

Value for money/recommend? : yes

Great bolt ons, tight pussy, nice that she offers shower together as some dont here. She switches between Kyoto brothel also. Standard service does not offer premium I believe.

- Description of the lady: Very petite, with big fake hard bolt ons, that I quite enjoyed on her. Super cute, young looking. Cheeky demeanour. Friendly and giggly. 
- Amount of time spent with the lady and costs. 30 mins 120. 
- Services provided and/or offered. cbj, shower together , multi positions. No kissing. 
- Your impressions of the venue (cleanliness, shower facilities, her punctuality etc) overall pretty decent , standard, nothing bad but nothing amazing. 
- Details of what happened in your booking, including her attitude and personality. Her personality was great, I was new to punting and she was nice to me after I had told her. Showering together was a nice ice breaker and set a great passionate tone. Her BJ was actually a bit teethy and maybe needs some work. Shes quite tight and made some noise on the way in but once we got going she enjoyed it more , i went a bit more careful then I would with others. Was over and I blew before I knew it because she was super hot, as are a lot of the kyoto sakura girls in this place, work checking out.


Floor: #21
Post Time: 7th July 2019, 06:33 PM
Poster ID: Haz2019
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Whisky

Establishment : Sakura Palace

Date of Visit : 6 Jul 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : surryhillsbrothel.com.au

Phone : 0402 475 757

Hours of Business : 11 to late

Rates : 140 30mins

Age : 21

Size/shape : 8, cup A

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : FS

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments:
Was my regular Sat punts. After 1hr session at 6Poplar I decided to try 1 more place for round2 before heading home. 
I chose Sakura as this place bring back memory when I used to live in the city. I arrived and walked in around 2 pm.
4 girls were available, andy sports a short hair, big boobs, slim and tall, the other that caught my eyes was Whisky, student type, quite petite, quite slim and girl next door face. I go with Whisky and promise my self to comeback for Andy.
The place surprisingly was very good, it looks like just had renovation done not long ago. I got assigned to the top room that looks like a 4 stars hotel with 2 side mirrors on the ceiling!!
We went shower together and she asked me to lay down on the bed. Whisky has fairly slim body and small nips and fully shaved down below. Straight away she did a cat bath over my body and without a warning she went downtown...I was caught off guard and plastic pl...was already on the tip of my tongue.
But the BJ was so damn good so the dick did the thinking and did not say anything. 
She used a lot of saliva and it felt so moist and warm inside her mouth....However paranoid kicked in so i pushed her away after 2 mins. She dommed me in and asked me to get on top. I gave her a bit foreplay until she is ready....her kitty is very firm and plump and very clean...I didn't do daty as 30 mins will not be enough since I just been jerked an hr ago.
So I gave her the first push and oh la la that was the tightest pussy I had since i am back punting (last 3 months)
5 mins into mish I knew that I wouldn't have a problem to finish....that pussy just fit nicely and fucking wet.
She had all the white goo oozing out, my cock was painted in white. However the juice has quite acidic smell which is normal but I am quite sensitive with that so I stopped and asked for a doggie. She cleaned the white substance on my Dom and bent down. Fucking her from behind just bumped the tightness to another level...I only last 2-3 mins and jackpot inside the Dom.
all that wrapped up under 15mins fucking which makes me happy....quality vs quantity lol
I told her there will be a follow up session and I will go for 1 hr and I want that pussy licked...she giggled and gave me a light kiss on my lips.
She is a student and only works normal hours..I think she clocks off at 9. so grab her while you can..
-haz-


Floor: #22
Post Time: 8th July 2019, 11:32 AM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
This is one establishment I have missed completely during my studies of Sydney's Cbd sex scene. I will take a look next time I am up.


Floor: #23
Post Time: 8th July 2019, 05:17 PM
Poster ID: Billabong Bill
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by brauninc


This is one establishment I have missed completely during my studies of Sydney's Cbd sex scene. I will take a look next time I am up
"""



Braunie. I have great news for you. The New South Wales government have an Export Capability Building Program.  Now if education programs for Chinese students is an export industry, surely developing a vibrant (nay throbbing) interstate visitor market for Sydney rub 'n tug shops would qualify as well. In fact, the government website states "The NSW Government provides hands-on, practical advice to both potential and existing exporters." Seems like they are already on the job. I reckon you could get a grant for training the sweet young things in the special skills required to encourage the Victorian punter market.


Floor: #24
Post Time: 28th July 2019, 03:13 AM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Vivian

Establishment : Sakura57

Date of Visit : 27/7/2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 57 Reservoir st Surry hills 2010. Wechat sakura57a2. Sakura 57 ? Asian Brothel

Phone :0402475757

Hours of Business : 11am to 5am

Rates : 140 30 mins Diamond

Age : 21

Size/shape : size 6 c-cups

Nationality or Ethnicity : china

Services Provided : Bbbj 69 kissing intercourse 

Value for money/recommend? : Absolutely 

My experience/comments 

Had booked this girl for 11.30pm but I ended up going in at 9.30pm. Scary looking younger male papasan,and older mamasan, both friendly though. Was told to wait 5 mins and sat in a chair underneath the staircase. Great view as a girl walked down stairs hehe. 

Vivian presented and looked exactly like the picture on wechat. Gorgeous face I though. Sexy tartan black dress, high heels she certainly has a spunky look.  Gorgeous long black hair. Took me upstairs to a dark room. She leant over the bed to straighten something and I soon had my hand under her dress. She then stood up and wiggled her black undies against my crotch area. I thought i this is looking promising.  I turned her around and I gave her a few pecks on the lips before we headed to the shower. 

We returned to bed, licking of balls,perfect moaning, she knew what she was doing. Not bad for a girl on her second day here.  Viv has a fair bit of hair down there, she turned and presented for 69er. Nice licking her, no hair around her clitoris area, bbbj felt nice in this position,really good technique she kept going for a few mins while I licked. Gave her large breasts a bit of a lick soon after, she made some nice noises to go along with the nipple play.

Soon enough a condom was put on for mish. No lube which was interesting.Tight apon  entry then a bit loose. Very smooth as her juices kicked in immediately.As I pumped away and requested doggy she turned and told me she loved me. Wow I though.  Doggy was nice,she has a small ass crack but a nice enough looking ass in this position. There was a bit over moaning overkill but I did not mind. I told her I was getting tired and as hot as she was I just was not feeling I was close to cumming. She took over sat on top and slowly eased down. We kissed a little as she bounced up and down. Things became more frantic as she went at a faster pace, clenching her pussy muscles to the point where I felt like I was on the verge of erupting. It was in a 30 second period I sensed the condom had broke as the feeling had changed and sure enough, she put her hand down to check and pulled it out of her vagina. She was checking to see the condom was safe in the previous positions.

At this stage I just wanted to take a shower and wash my penis but Viv wanted to continue with a hj or more sucking. I told her to go clean herself out and assured her via Google Translate that I am a healthy man downstairs. Viv was not in a panic at all. 

After the disaster at 43 Albion earlier on and this I felt this visit to Sydney was not going to plan. Vivianne is a must see, she is a very passionate working girl.  I still had not visited the new ginza shop either.


Floor: #25
Post Time: 6th August 2019, 10:06 PM
Poster ID: dominopizza
Post Title: 
 Olivia - Sakura 57
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Olivia

Establishment : Sakura 57 

Date of Visit : July 19

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.surryhillsbrothel.com.au/roster/ 

Phone :0402 475 757

Hours of Business : 10am-5am

Rates : $250/hr

Age : 20ish 

Size/shape : petite/slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Taiwanese 

Services Provided : BBBJ, DFK, CIM, Mutual oral

Value for money/recommend? : 9/10

My experience/comments : I would have given her 10/10 if she had natural breasts. Very pretty girl with great attitude, one of the best experiences I had actually. I really enjoyed chatting with her and her deep throat skills is on another level. I find that girls @brothels usually lack of DT but she definitely works hard and won't stop unless you tell her to. Great kissing skills too. 

Very tight down there and loves to moan! I enjoyed her very much and planning to see her next week.


