Thread Title: Sydney  (CBD) - 0450 500 889
Floor: #1
Post Time: 30th March 2011, 04:44 PM
Poster ID: Bracket
Post Title: 
 Sydney  (CBD) - 0450 500 889
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Giselle

Establishment : Rhodes' CBD shop

Date of Visit: Wednesday 30 March 2011

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: 0450 500 889 

Hours of Business: 10am - 10:30pm (call to confirm)

Rates: $150 per hour

Age: mid-20s

Size/shape: 170cm tall, size 8

Nationality or Ethnicity: Korean

Services Provided: FS, bbbj, hj

Value for money/recommend?: yes!

The well-known Rhodes operation that has a thread in the Sydney - Inner West sub-forum also runs a shop in the CBD that warrants its own thread for geographic correctness, even though the girls are the same and tend to be on slow rotation between both shops.

Today was the second time I have seen Giselle – well, sort of.  Strictly speaking, I've now seen her 3 times.  After my first visit to see her my intention was always to visit her again soon, but after checking out the rest of the Rhodes workforce, at whatever shop.  And then, on a trip out to Rhodes on Monday to see Cici, I bumped into Giselle outside as she was leaving, just as I was about to press the buzzer.  And that unexpected meeting led to today's "official" visit.

When I bumped into Giselle I resisted the opportunity for witticisms such as "I almost didn't recognise you with your clothes on.", or "Do you remember me – you sucked my cock Friday week ago!"    She said that she'd be working from the CBD for the next fortnight.  She looked so classy in her upmarket street clothes that I couldn't resist telling her that I'd be visiting her soon.

And two days later here I am in Rhodes' CBD shop near the corner of King and Kent Streets.  I called the shop yesterday to confirm Giselle's presence and to make a booking for a 1-hour session today.  After being buzzed up I knock gently on the door and it's opened by the lady herself, clad in the same sexy underwear – black, see-through fishnet-type material – that she wore on my first visit.  She remembers my name and gives me a big kiss.  She takes me into the bedroom off a small alcove on the left where we launch into an animated conversation about our chance meeting.  I then hand her the $150 cost of a 1-hour session which she takes away while I go for a quick shower in a bathroom opening off the other side of the alcove.

It's not long before Giselle joins me back in the bedroom and, standing face-to-face up close and personal, I'm again impressed by her height, which, in her heels is eye-level with me.  I tell her how impressed I was by her classy clothes the other day, and how it would be fun one future visit for her to wear some classy clothes that I could have the fun of removing.  She laughs and agrees.

Still while standing, I then pop her tits out of the bra and have a prolonged sucking session.  I ask her how she likes her nipples treated and she says "like a baby sucking milk"!

I ask Giselle about her ancestry, since her great beauty has what seems to me a Eurasian flavour.  She says that some of her clients think she has some Spanish blood but that in fact it's all Korean and that the closest she comes to Spanish is when blokes fuck her between her tits! 

Giselle then gets on to the edge of the bed in doggy, still in her undies, but with her tits hanging out of her bra.  I kneel behind her and remove her panties and then ask her to move her legs much wider apart to afford me easy access to her pussy and arsehole.  On my first visit, Giselle couldn't stop giggling when I rimmed her, so I tell her that today's lesson will be for her to practice avoiding giggling and learning to appreciate the finer delights of rimming.  And she does get better, giving out soft moans most of the time, although the moans are occasionally punctuated by surprised squeals when I get my tongue inside. 

I move my attention to her pussy, and there's no doubt Giselle loves her Y being dined on, no matter the direction of attack.  So it's time to turn her over onto her back and I raise her arse onto a pillow.  She spreads her legs wide as they come back towards her chest - she loves exposing herself.  Within a few minutes of my mouth going to work on her pussy she surprises me by laughing and telling me that I've made her come.  I think she laughed because it was so unexpected for her.

Now I gently slip in my middle finger and start to gently massage Giselle's g-spot.  She tells me in her Korean-influenced English that her pussy has so much water – I get her drift!  I feel my finger being clamped by her contracting muscles.  A second finger soon joins in and Giselle's moans become more intense and demanding.  She encourages me to play with her clit, but points out that it is now very sensitive.  And then she says that it's time to fuck because her pussy feels so horny.

She jumps off the bed to grab a 'dom from the bedside table and it's only now that I realise that the wardrobe to the side of the bed has mirror doors, since the wardrobe had been left open minimising their visibility.  On pointing this out to Giselle she slides them closed so that they give maximum reflection and puts the main light on.

But before fucking, Giselle wants to give me something in return and it's time for a pre-coital session of beautiful natural french.  She is very good at blowjobs!  A number of times she gets nearly the whole shaft into her mouth.  Then she slips on the 'dom and hops on in cowgirl, leaning forward so that I can kiss her tits and then her lips.  She keeps moaning that I make her so horny.  It's a nice compliment, but I think her being a highly-sexed woman might have something to do with it!

Then Giselle says that she wants to get into doggy, but first she will suck me again.  So it's off with one 'dom, receive another great suck, and then a fresh 'dom and into doggy.  Giselle wants to kneel on the side of the bed opposite the mirrored 'robe doors so that she can see us in the mirror.  I offer her the choice of slow or fast thrusting and she opts for fast, which elicits yet more prolonged moans.

Giselle then surprises me by standing up, while still penetrated, and turning us both so that she leans against the wall next to the bedhead while I'm pumping from behind.  She does it so that she can get a view of my dick thrusting in and out, a view that she didn't have in the previous position.  On understanding this motivation, I suggest to her that if she rotates slightly so that she's leaning into the corner, then looking into the mirrored doors over her left shoulder should give her an even better view.  Giselle obliges.

Coming for me generally requires getting into mish after doggy, so we get back on the bed and I slip a finger a little of the way into her arse, which she doesn't object to at all.  But for some reason, pumping her in mish doesn't bring me across the line, so Giselle offers me yet another suck, which in light of the rapidly dwindling time left I choose to forgo in favour of a handjob.

Giselle lies me down on my back and, in her own inimitable style says I can touch her "puss", while she gets into a porno pose reflected in the mirror.  Giselle then proceeds while watching intently the scene in the mirror.  She tells me that when watching sex movies she likes to watch the man come rather than fuck, so that a handjob is right up her alley.  Shortly after I explode while Giselle whispers hornily, "Come on, my babies!" repeatedly.

That's the end of the action, and what a punt it's been.  I doubt I've seen a WL as horny as Giselle was today.  Spending so much time on her pleasure certainly didn't detract from mine, and that makes me feel really good.  I'm pretty certain now that Giselle is going to be a regular for me.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 30th March 2011, 09:59 PM
Poster ID: andrewblake
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
great review bracket.. 

you have got my interest now! might be just new the place to visit after my dud punt at TC.. will try and drop by sometime in the next few weeks.. sounds like a treat..

ab


Floor: #3
Post Time: 18th April 2012, 11:33 PM
Poster ID: qgabs001
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Is this still operating?


Floor: #4
Post Time: 19th April 2012, 11:13 PM
Poster ID: Bracket
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Very sorry to say that both the CBD and the Rhodes shops closed about a year ago.  And the even greater sadness is that neither hide nor hair has been seen of Giselle since.


