Thread Title: Thai City - 43 Albion St, Surry Hills - 02 9281 1098
Floor: #1
Post Time: 19th August 2011, 08:58 AM
Poster ID: ut0p1an
Post Title: 
 Thai City - 43 Albion St, Surry Hills - 02 9281 1098
				
Post Content: 
Name: Thai City

Address: 43 Albion St, Surry Hills

No: 02 9281 1098

Rates: 30 minutes $120, 45 minutes $160, 1 hour $200 full service. 

Rating: Good value, clean & cheap and the girl i saw was enthusiastic. 

Review:
Hi all. Couldn't find a thread for this place so i thought I'd kick it off. Had some time to kill last week over Central way and wandered into this place. Having walked from this place for lack of girls I was less than optimistic but I thought what the hell.
Was intro'd to 2 Japanese girls. Both very pretty and really friendly so just picked the first. Sorry, can't remember her name but i hope the following descrioption helps.
5'3", approx 50kg, cropped black hair, B-cup bust. 

Got into the room and she asked if she could kiss me so i obliged. Not a smoker so no immediate gag. She then moved me to the bed and gave me a sensational BBBJ. We had not discussed extras so i warned her well in advance of my coming climax buy this just made her more enthusiastic. CIM and swallow. We chatted about her study for a while and then she wanted another round. She got the little man back up and then moved to doggy. Great sight and lots of genuine feedback.
She is up for extras if she likes you so treat her nice and you'll have a great time.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 30th August 2011, 09:51 PM
Poster ID: Hohnerboy
Post Title: 
 Sonia - avoid at all costs!!!!!
				
Post Content: 
Today was always going to stick in my memory, mostly for bad reasons, my visit to Thai City was no exception.

short version - I saw Sonia, 30ish thai lady, petite, size 6, a tattoo or two, a/b cups, long hair, crap/indifferent service

longer version

today I said goodbye to an old friend, it came as a shock to hear his passing, and as usual at these kind of events, the service brought tears to my eyes.

hmm, how best to turn the mood around, I was in the city so first thought of an old fall-back, 12 Bellevue, however upon visiting there was no-one appealing. A quick search revealed this place as having a recent good review, so down the street I wandered and into the joint.

the reception is interesting, a 40" tv with porn on it being held up by a couple of elephant tusks, a few Thai things scattered around, and a ATM for those caught short.

Not me, I had my $120 all ready to hand over for a nice bj and overall happy time with a Thai or Jap lass, unfortunately things started going downhill from the start...

Only three ladies available, all Thai ( i think), and only one kind of appealing, Sonia, still in her street clothes, small, petite, almost Indian, with a shy smile.

I asked if a BBJ was included but told by the mamasam that I would have to ask the lady in the room.

Handed over the $120 for 30 mins, and was taken upstairs.

(the rooms are nicely fitted out, clean, a good size, shower in the room, and a large mirror on the wall.)

I had a quick shower, then Sonia returns.
She had little idea on how to get undressed erotically, just turned her back on me and stripped off, then turned back to me.

She asked whether I would like a cbj or bbj, to which I replied bbj, she said $50, I said your kidding, she said no, not kidding, and I said no way, your cwazy. ( I have obviously been spoiled by the likes of 533 and No12, where this is usually included in the price at $65 or $90 for 30 mins, not $120!)

On with the dom, and I realised I was lucky to have saved my $50, since what followed was one of the more average CBJ's I have had ( not bad, but very very average) not deep, about half way in, and only for a minute or so.
Sonia then went through the motions, getting on top in reverse cowgirl, turning around with some encouragement from me but not making any eye contact, it was obvious that she wanted to be almost anywhere but in the room with me.
Sonia said something about being tired and having just woken up, so that made it ok - NOT

I realised this had gone pear shaped so just wanted to make a swift exit, and said something about it not mattering that neither of us seemed to be having fun.
we laid side by side and watched a little porn on the tv, then Sonia started to give me one of the worst handjobs I have ever had. FFS, is it that hard? For a working lady she had no freaking idea on what to do to a guy, she aint that young so really should know better, or  perhaps is a slow learner or has got by on the number of newbies that come through the doors.

I wasn't watching the clock, but I think I was out of there within 20 mins or so, by my own choice, never to return.

Back up the road and to top it off I had received a parking ticket, so my 15 mins with no happy ending had just cost me over $200

I admit the parking ticket was my own fault, so won't hold that against Sonia or Thai City.
Actually I will hold it against them, logic has no place in the punters life!

To get rid of the taste of this experience I headed off to 533 Willoughby Rd to make up for it, and boy am I glad I did, it was a case of some yang to counter the mornings ying!


Floor: #3
Post Time: 31st August 2011, 06:11 AM
Poster ID: Megan Delaney
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Post made in this thread without the right to do so. s.o.o.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 31st August 2011, 08:57 AM
Poster ID: JIRAN
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
a tip for parking in albion st. use a prepaid credit card with a no credit left on it but still has an active date. free parking, it works in all meters that dont have WIFI. i have saved thousands


Floor: #5
Post Time: 20th September 2011, 11:41 PM
Poster ID: zantriab
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Aki

Establishment : Thai City

Date of Visit : August or early Sept 2011

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 

Hours of Business :  

Rates : $120 for half hour

Age : 20, apparently

Size/shape : Petite, small tits

Nationality or Ethnicity : Japanese

Services Provided : Full sex, BBBJ, probably others

Value for money/recommend? : Yes (8.5/10)

My experience/comments : Went with a mate of mine, ended up here. Overall the place is not too shabby - clean, nice rooms etc. I have been there before, with mixed results (in particular, one overley active girl (Thai - can't remember her name right now) who bit me on the arm as foreplay - left a bruise!). Anyway, I digress..

Selected Aki, who came out in a nice bikini. Anyway, upstairs for the deed. Had my shower to get ready etc. I am then surprised at Aki's 20 questions - first one which is have you been drinking (I had 1 beer) - have I been with a Japanese girl before, did I like her outfit, her nails etc. Also asked me why I took my wedding ring off!  I was honest as I could be, she had this sweetness about her.

Then down to busines. I was pleasently surprised that she started with a BBBJ, first time I've experienced this in this estab.  Anyway, this lovely girl does this for 10 minutes, when she suggests we go mish (with dom on).  We only skrewed for a little while, I found her moans and whimpering a little too Japanese porno for me, offputting. Back to a bbbj, which she does to completion.  The main kicker to this is that after I cum, she shows me my sperm in her mouth, and swallows (a first!). I've had CIM before, but always with a discreet spit afterwards - not with Aki!  She also tells me she loves to suck cock!  Yay!

After the deed, wh have a nice little chat about her studies, unusual stuff she's experienced with other clients etc, while playing with my old fella.

All in all, a pleasent experience.  I don't thhink someone like her will be there too long, she's too good.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 25th March 2012, 11:27 PM
Poster ID: zantriab
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Apple

Establishment : Thai City

Date of Visit : early March 2012

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :

Hours of Business :

Rates : $120 for half hour

Age : 24, maybe 23 

Size/shape : Petite.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Korean (I think), maybe Thai

Services Provided : Covered Full sex, covered BJ, probably others

Value for money/recommend? : No (4/10)


Went to this estab, again with my mate.  Chose Apple, who seemed to appeal to me.  Went upstairs to have fun - had a shower, etc.  Tried to have a bit of chit-chat with this girl, however this is limited because of me (I find it hard to understand some of these girls, not uncommon, eh?) and perhaps her inability to understand me. Frustrating, but I've come to expect this.  In my experience, if the girl has a happy attitude/nice personality, this will mitigate that problem. Apple didn't seem overly keen to engage me in this way (and I'm an easy guy to get along with). Oh well. She puts the timer on....

Started with a bit of covered bj, which could have finished me off, however I wasn't feeling to happy about this girl, so I stopped this an continued on with a bit of fucking. Went on for a while this way, got frustrated and stopped this. Ended up getting a handjob from her (the only thing she did uncovered) which did the trick. Interesting - while I was cumming, she cupped her hand over my dick to capture my semen.  After this we cleaned up, and right on cue, beep beep beep from her timer....

To Apple (in the unlikely event that she is reading this) - please improve your attitude. I know this work is hard, but a happy client is one who tips!


Floor: #7
Post Time: 9th April 2012, 04:37 AM
Poster ID: zantriab
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : (null)

Establishment : Thai City

Date of Visit : April 2012

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :

Hours of Business :

Rates : $120 for half hour

Age : (null)

Size/shape : (null)

Nationality or Ethnicity : (null)

Services Provided : Now thats a question...

Value for money/recommend? : (null)

I must admit, it seems to be a busy night - a potential punter who came after me left after realising he had to wait (horny fellas are not patient fellas!!). Anyway, a mate of mine selected his partner, and I was told by the manager to wait 10 minutes. I interpret this to mean 15 minutes and I wait. I'm a patient guy, but I wait, wait, wait...  Half an hour later, I lose patience, and attempted to get out. I tried to wake manager, who seemed to be in a deep sleep, but no luck. One of the other girls in the area notices me and lets me out. 

I let myself back in the place later on to meet up with my friend (from start to finish 1 hour). The proprietor asks me if I want a girl now - how rude is that?  I meet up with my friend soon after (who had a good time) and we leave.  So in summay - I hang around like an idiot, the proprietor goes to sleep, then I collect my mate.

(A quick observation about brothels) I realise that not everything goes to clockwork, and that people will make mistakes, but when you make mistakes, you (the provider) should REMEDY them. (a quick observation about THIS brothel) Where was the remedy? There was no offer of remedy beyond regular service.  If these people had offered me a cup of tea, a beer, anything, I would have been happy with that!  I've got to question where the professional ethics are.


Floor: #8
Post Time: 13th April 2012, 11:49 AM
Poster ID: bill_100
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
From the reports it looks like this place is one to miss, not only poor service from the girls but no management skills at all from the owners.


Floor: #9
Post Time: 13th April 2012, 12:10 PM
Poster ID: wayne
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
bill_100, this place has always been useless. 30 years ago, when there three separate Thai knocking shops along that stretch of Albion Street, 43 was the worst. Periodically, in hope, I have since been back and never had a good experience.


Floor: #10
Post Time: 28th July 2019, 02:34 AM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jessica

Establishment : Xcity43

Date of Visit : 27/7/2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 43 Albion st Surry hills wechat Xcity43

Phone :0292811098 0466084343

Hours of Business : 10am till 4-5am

Rates : 150 30 mins Diamond service

Age : 27

Size/shape : size 6 b-cups hairy puss, olives skinned, long hair

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Bbbj and minimal intercourse.

Value for money/recommend? : No way, she had period. 

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

Came to Sydney to visit Sakura59 and new Ginza shop. Got sidetracked and found this shop with open sign, looked it up and it's s Thai brothel. There has not been a review here since 2012. I wondered why. 

Met 4 girls and decided to stay for some reason. The older manager guy seemed nice. Jessica wore a black dress and seemed cute. I have never had a thing for the Thai woman thing but I just felt like giving her a try. Big mistake. 

Took quick shower, had trouble switching the dam thing off, Jessie took over and took a quick shower as well. Limp penis,sucks for 10 seconds before slowly jerking. And that's diamond?.  In the end I took over and while I messed around with her body a little and she did the old nipple licking thing, I noticed as I sat up and told her I was now hard enough for sex, she had her hand over her pussy. I had noticed her legs were clenched together earlier as well. 

Lube applied enter her in mish.A little ball tickling with one hand and her other hand still covering her vagina. Another minute of pumping, she grabs a tissue and starts wiping the condom. The gig was then up her period had started. 

I said thanks but no thanks, hit the shower. Jessica was not really apologetic at all. Went down stairs asked for a card and the manager asked how it was and I told him the girl was having her period and he appeared shocked. I then headed to Sakura57 to try this shop.


Floor: #11
Post Time: 28th July 2019, 09:44 AM
Poster ID: downthelane
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I had figured this shop had closed. The one and only time I was there was a probably a year ago when the boiler had broken at Kyoto 206 and the papasan walked me between the two venues to use their facilities and rooms. The place seemed to be undergoing refurb at the time.


Floor: #12
Post Time: 5th October 2019, 10:30 AM
Poster ID: downthelane
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Wandered past this place on my travels to another Surry Hills establishment and there's a sign on the door advising punters to go to Kyoto 206.

I guess group management are keeping this one in the back pocket for now.


