Thread Title: Top ONE27 - 127 Regent St, Chippendale - 02 9319 3349
Floor: #1
Post Time: 13th May 2011, 10:39 PM
Poster ID: jock2u
Post Title: 
 Top ONE27 - 127 Regent St, Chippendale - 02 9319 3349
				
Post Content: 
Establishment : GOLDEN FLOWER

27, Regent Street,
Chippendale,
Sydney NSW, 2008

Date of Visit: April 2011

Phone (02) 9319 3349

http://gf127.com.au/



Hours of Business: Not sure but looks to be open   24x7

Rates: After 6pm
$130 for 30 minutes
$190 for 45 minutes
$240 for an hour


Nationality or Ethnicity:  Korean 

Services Provided: Full Service 

Value for money/recommend?: Not on this occasion  but could be with  the right WL

My experience/comments: Was looking  for some action and had went to another well known  establishment  to be told that they were fully booked   and to come back in three hours. 
No point in going  back to the pub  for three hours as   may have then been pointless looking for some rumpy pumpy.

Had  made some previous enquiries and  had the Golden Flower  on my to do list,so made my way.

Entrance at the back lane   was discrete  and was asked  to go into  a room for the girls to select via  the standard  numbering process.

Was expecting  3-5  girls  so surprised to then   have 10 + Korean enter  and then asked to select. With so many  girls to choose from   in a short space of time  had to make a quick decision and went  for a very nice  looking  girl and took the $190  /45.
I would have preferred more time  or a few less girls to select from , but my choice.

Was led to a nice room and then invited to shower   with  number 11  as i cant remember her name. Shower ok but problems getting the temp right ended up feeling  a bit chilly.   She did   all the key parts in a functional way, so not like those Naru massage  vids  that i envisaged,   foolishly.

Her English  was limited,   but a 100% better than my Korean. I asked if she enjoyed Sydney  and surprised that she said  she was not enjoying Sydney.  I expanded  this question  and she did not appear all that happy  and   this  put a bit of a damper on the visit as i didnt feel all that comfortable  and felt a bit sorry  for her.

Anyway the BBBJ was surprisingly  good   and  we did roll about in a few positions   but and with my mind distracted by her apparent   sadness  i  only came after an extended  HJ     as was in  two mind  to call it a day.

In summary  there was a good selection  with  some  very nice   girls   and on this occasion  i  didnt make a good  choice, so   hope  she  has returned home as i think  she  was homesick.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 14th May 2011, 08:12 PM
Poster ID: Henry1
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
The address on their website is 127 Regent Street, Chippendale. This is the address of Nadira entertainment. Has there been a change of ownership, or just a re-badging, re-marketing move? From your review it sounds like the same mechanical Korean service of Nadira, and some of their photos of the girls look familiar as well.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 15th May 2011, 12:30 AM
Poster ID: andrewblake
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by Henry1


The address on their website is 127 Regent Street, Chippendale. This is the address of Nadira entertainment. Has there been a change of ownership, or just a re-badging, re-marketing move? From your review it sounds like the same mechanical Korean service of Nadira, and some of their photos of the girls look familiar as well
"""



from what we can gather it has been a management change and re-jigging of the place.. it was closed for a few weeks and then re-opened as mentioned..

ab


Floor: #4
Post Time: 18th May 2011, 11:54 AM
Poster ID: someguy
Post Title: 
 Hanna
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Hannah

Establishment : 127

Date of Visit:  31.4.11

Contact Details/Address/Weblink:  gf127.com.au

Hours of Business:   

Rates:  

Age:  

Size/shape:  

Nationality or Ethnicity:  Korea

Services Provided:  

Value for money/recommend?:  

My experience/comments: Arrived Saturday evening about 5:30, a young guy shows me to a waiting  room while he brings the girls out. I'm introduced to 8 or 9 ladies, all  of them quite young and attractive (and Korean of course). I choose  Hanna, who's in her early twenties with a cute smile that caught my eye  as she walked in. 
Before 6pm a half hour costs $120, I pay and Hanna  takes me upstairs to the room. The room is nice, a bit on the small  side but with a large shower and mirror on the ceiling. We chat a bit as  we disrobe and she leads me into the shower and gives me a good scrub. 
Onto  the bed with some light kissing before she goes down for the BBBJ. On  with the dom and she starts off in cowgirl, the firm mattress makes her  bouncing easy and she's soon slamming onto me. Then into doggy for a bit  before switching to missionary. Had her finish me off with a slippery  handjob. I lay on the bed and watch the j-pop music vids on the TV while  I recover and she showers. I have a quick rinse off myself and the  buzzer goes off as I'm getting dressed.
Overall very happy with the  service, only downpoint was the air-con; way too hot in the room. We had  to stop a few times to wipe off the sweat. On the way out Hanna tried  to turn down the thermostat on the wall in the hall but it seemed stuck  on 27. I'm looking forward to my next visit.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 30th August 2011, 11:02 PM
Poster ID: MrBeen
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Address: 127 REGENT ST. Chippendale NSW 2008 AUSTRALIA  
Phone: 02 9319 3349  
Website: currently down following being hacked. New one coming soon

I rocked up to Golden Flower on Saturday 27 August 2011 around 11PM, seeking release following seeing some great Asian babe eye candy at the MrB hotel in the CBD. Golden Flower is just up the road from Central at 127 Regent St Sydney. The recommended entry point is via the discrete rear entrance in Chippen Lane but one can also come in via the more public Regent St.

The male receptionist showed into the waiting/viewing area. In due course there was a line of 5 girls, obviously a few other girls were unavailable doing the business with other punters. Looking at what was on offer I opted to have a punt with the lady whose tag said No 2. I now know this lady is Lisa. I paid my $240 ($10 surcharge after 9PM) for 1 hour with Lisa, and proceeded upstairs with Lisa. Now Lisa is a pretty hot looking woman and definitely a lot more upmarket than my last couple of punts. The following is Lisa's stats from BabyFaceSydney.com: Age: 24 ;Height: 168 cm; Measurements: Bust 34B (that is C size); Waist 24; Hips 34; Nationality: Korean.

The room is well appointed, that is nice furnishings, fittings and a good shower within the room. Also the linen and towels are of good quality. We both nuded up and got into the shower together. Lisa helped wash me and dry me.

Then it was onto the bed for action. Being a mammary man I got straight down to sucking and licking Lisa's nipples and massaging (kneading) her lovely breasts for some time. This starts to get my cock hard. I also did some light kissing with Lisa, did not attempt any DFK. I then allowed Lisa to give me a bit of cat bath. Lisa then moves to providing natural French, lovely sucking and licking and no toothy brushes. I had to watch myself here as Lisa gives and very good BBBJ it would have been all to easy to shoot a load before getting to the main event. So to slow things down I proceeded to help myself to a generous portion of DATY with Lisa. Now Lisa has a very lovely shaved cunt and it tasted good. So I gave her a real good tongue lashing and she seemed to be enjoying it and she certainly got very wet. Alas no fingering is allowed, which is a real pity but then no digital penetration is the norm. And she was not big on kissing while did not even try any DFK.

Noting this wetness I told Lisa to dom me up, which she duly did. I rolled on to my back and got her to jump on board and ride me in cow girl. Lisa got tired after a while so we switched to missionary. I gave her a good old thrusting, having some deep penetration with her legs being put high in the air resting on my shoulders. We then moved to dog, it felt really great and there was wonderful squishy sounds as I went in and out. However, I knew that I was not going to get over the line, drinks at Mr B's were having an effect on completing. So I lay back down on the bed and got Lisa to take the dom off and give me a hand job while I played with her cunt. This finally got me over the line, a nice load of jisim being shot out. Lisa cleaned me up and then we both proceeded to have a shower. While we were redressing the buzzer went, signalling end of engagement. Lisa escorted me back down stairs and I wandered out the back entrance and off into the night.

I certainly had a good time with Lisa, but then I would have been very sorely disappointed if I had not given I had spent $240. Would I return to this establishment, yes definitely, I can still remember how it felt doing doggie with Lisa, see attached picture for a show of the good posture of this girl. However, this would be only occasionally as I am hopeful of finding a place which has good looking women but about 25 per cent or $60 cheaper as some economy in spending will give me more punting action overall. Oh for unlimited punting funds.






(Also posted on HL, MHR, PP & SYD99 30/08/2011)


Floor: #6
Post Time: 5th September 2011, 08:32 PM
Poster ID: andrewblake
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
nice review mb..

it is a funny place and has had mixed reviews.. some very good.. some just plain bad and not service orientated.. guess if you are after k dolls.. not really much choice around.. unless r/t is more preferred.. such as m8 or romeos..

nice to see that this place is still around after the name and ownership change..

ab


Floor: #7
Post Time: 5th September 2011, 11:19 PM
Poster ID: CommanderM
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
the only girl worth seeing is Jenny + maybe 2 more WLs apart from that its not worth going


Floor: #8
Post Time: 8th November 2011, 02:41 PM
Poster ID: xemxem
Post Title: 
 Golden Flower - Lisa
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lisa

Establishment :   Golden Flower

Date of Visit : 8/2011

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :   127 Regent St Chippendale 9319 3349

Hours of Business :    10 am till late

Rates :   $120 (30 mins)

Age :   early twenties

Size/shape :   C cup, slim

Nationality or Ethnicity :   Korean 

Services Provided :    Full Service

Value for money/recommend? : for me, Yes

My experience/comments : 

Arrived Saturday evening about 5:30, a young guy shows me to a waiting  room while he brings the girls out. I'm introduced to 8 or 9 ladies, all  of them quite young and attractive (and Korean of course). I choose Lisa , who's in her early twenties with a cute smile that caught my eye  as she walked in. Before 6pm a half hour costs $120, I pay and Lisa takes me upstairs to the room. The room is nice, a bit on the small  side but with a large shower and mirror on the ceiling. We chat a bit as  we disrobe and she leads me into the shower and gives me a good scrub. Onto  the bed with some light kissing before she goes down for the BBBJ. On  with the dom and she starts off in cowgirl, the firm mattress makes her  bouncing easy and she's soon slamming onto me. Then into doggy for a bit  before switching to missionary. Had her finish me off with a slippery  handjob. I lay on the bed and watch the j-pop music vids on the TV while  I recover and she showers. I have a quick rinse off myself and the  buzzer goes off as I'm getting dressed.


Floor: #9
Post Time: 23rd November 2011, 03:31 PM
Poster ID: godenuv
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I saw a lovely young lady earlier in the year called Sonny. Saw her twice and it was one of the nicest punting experiences I've had. She seems to have left the establishment though. Does anyone know where she might have gone if she is still working at all?


Floor: #10
Post Time: 4th January 2012, 02:33 AM
Poster ID: supaporn
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Coco 

Establishment : 127 Regent St

Date of Visit : Monday 2nd January 2012

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 

Hours of Business :  

Rates : $130 for 1/2 hour

Age : 23 or 24

Size/shape : Thin sexy body

Nationality or Ethnicity : Korean

Services Provided : BBBJ, FS

Value for money/recommend? :did the job

My experience/comments : (Here you must give at least a general description of the experience which you have had - 25 word minimum is required to give fellow members an idea of time spent - "Ill be back" or "good value" is not a sentence or review. )

A mate of mine has been hounding me that we go down to 127 Regent St as he had good experience there. 

He loved the fact that the 127 girls give roseleaf, and i was curious on the subject so i thought i would take him up on the offer and go down to 127 to make my own mind up on the subject.

In the car, off we go, park in the side street. We use the back entrance of the establishment. Greeted by 3 Asian gents, ushered into the intro room. 
We were told that there was a 15 minute wait for the girls and that if we were to wait that we would taken care of by the girls if we were to hang around.
30 minutes later, 3 girls walk in for the intro.

I pick Coco and my mate picks Sonny. Paid $130 for 30 minutes and upstairs we go with the girls.

In the room i go, Coco undresses so i got the drift and followed suit. She got into the shower and told me to get in as well.
After she washed me briefly, i got out dried myself off. I lay on the bed, she gets out dries herself off.

She climbs on the bed begins to suck my nipples, then goes down and performs BBBJ for about a minute or two. She then reaches for condom which she puts on me. I ask her for roseleaf which she refuses.

I was then told to get on top. So i did, proceeded with her legs over my shoulders and off i went. Then got her into side position. Then into doggie and finished off the job. 

Time was up, told again to get into the shower, which she washed me even more briefly than the 1st time. Then ushered downstairs and waited for mate to come down as well. 

Once outside i asked my mate if he received the roseleaf, which to his great disappointment and amazement he did not get roseleafed either.

I really dislike giving bad reviews so i just have given the positives on our experience. 

Maybe we just went on a bad night as my mate had gone 2 weeks earlier and got really good service. 

Unfortunately when you have a bad experience, that really sticks more so than the good experiences. For both of us the job got done, but not in a happy environment.

There are other establishments that are consistent with performance of the girls. I have 1 or 2 establishments that i want try out that have good reviews. 
Unfortunately for 127 i will be in no hurry to re-visit. 
I have found this forum very helpful in the reviews of WL's, more so than just relying on mates reviews. More views the better.

Happy punting to all.


Floor: #11
Post Time: 4th January 2012, 02:22 PM
Poster ID: Chalk010
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I'll bite,...what is "roseleaf"?

Cheers


Chalk010


Floor: #12
Post Time: 4th January 2012, 02:55 PM
Poster ID: supaporn
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hey Chalk010 don't bite too hard your not supposed to use your teeth... lol.  

Roseleaf is having your ring licked


Floor: #13
Post Time: 4th January 2012, 04:08 PM
Poster ID: svkx
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
The term roseleaf used to be used by navy personnel, another was having ones salad tossed.


Floor: #14
Post Time: 4th January 2012, 07:38 PM
Poster ID: Henry1
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Looks like the service here is the same (Mechanical Korean) in spite of the changes.


Floor: #15
Post Time: 11th June 2012, 07:16 PM
Poster ID: supercuki
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Visited this place recently. There were 2 WLs available: Soo Ji and Sophie. Both tall, slim, young and icy cold. I was a bit hesitant, but the receptionist convinced me to pick Soo Ji. Soo Ji has a pretty face and big (enhanced) boobs, but her mannerism is icy cold. 

Had shower with her where she washed my body. It wasn't sensual at all. Onto the bed where she gave me a 30 seconds cat bath before proceeding with the BBBJ, which was very average. She put the condom on and we had cowgirl, mish and doggy. Everything was so mechanical. I couldn't come because she said no kissing. Not even on the neck or cheek. Finished with a very mechanical handjob. The whole experience felt like having sex with a Korean fem-bot, rather than a person.

This place isn't for me. The ladies are young and good looking, but the service is not what I'm after.


Thread Title: Top ONE27 - 127 Regent St, Chippendale - 02 9319 3349
Floor: #16
Post Time: 18th July 2012, 11:35 PM
Poster ID: spungle13
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Establishment and/or person's Name: Golden Flower (NSW) - Misha

Contact Details/Address: 127 Regent Street, chippendale

Prices: 100/30 min

Age: 20s

Size/shape: slim, short, busty (fake)

Nationality or Ethnicity: Asian (korean)

Services: FS

Value for money/recommend ? Yes

My experience: Misha is an old favourite of mine. She is your typical korean pop star. Blonde dyed hair, tanned and slim body, big fake knockers, obvious surgery done on face (eyes, nose, lips, cheeks). As a result of all this, Misha is absolutely gorgeous. She provides a good service where she makes you feel great. She constantly calls me baby in a playful way and gives an excellent bbbj. The only con for me is that she is sometimes reluctant for daty.


Floor: #17
Post Time: 29th November 2012, 12:17 AM
Poster ID: indiana66
Post Title: 
 Lisa @ Goldenflower
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lisa

Establishment : Gf127

Date of Visit : 3/11/2012

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 127 Regent Street, Chippendale , 9319 3349

Hours of Business : 12pm till late

Rates : $100 for 30, $200 for 60 min

Age : looked 20 and is said to be a teen; pretty close!

Size/shape : C cup, slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Korean

Services Provided : CBJ, No DATY, FS.

Value for money/recommend? : Yeah

My experience/comments : After going through the web page for this place, I decided to try my luck at this place. As I went in I was welcomed by the over-enthusiastic door keeper ws all set to be my new best buddy. Stuffed up big time when he asked "You been here before?" and I stupidly said no! In my experience, the newbie is usually treated like some dumb schmuck and I instantly regretted my admission. I was shown two girls, both okay but not a patch on the girls I had in mind. As I declined, he insisted I describe what I wanted, so I said "Like Lisa on the website". Suddenly Lisa would be available in 5 minutes!!!!! After a normal wait of 5 brothel minutes ( 5=20) in walked Lisa. She is a stunning girl, and I quickly handed over the cash and proceeded to the room.
These rooms are great. Very modern but small, and with awsome showers too. Lisa left me to take a shower so I took my time to enjoy the warmth. Even after a long shower, it still took Lisa quite some time to return to the room. When sshe did get back she made straight for the bed where I quickly followed her. She then proceeded to give me a rather nice catbth, still with her undies on before reaching over to pull out the dom for a pretty damn good bj. This did go on for a nice amount of time but any attempt to either kiss or engage in daty was not going to happen (aawwww) Anyway she finally decided to mount up and slowly lowered herself down my shaft in what must have been the best part of the night; seeing this cute young thing impaling herself on my rod. She rode me cowgirl for some time, and by this time I was a bit miffed by her stand-offishness so I let her continue until I blew my load. Clean up was quick, as was the exit. Overall Lisa looks fab, and as it was late she might have been tired and/or we just didn't click. I also prefer a GFE and I think she might be a bit of a firecracker instead; she is certainly built for it!


Floor: #18
Post Time: 19th April 2013, 11:11 PM
Poster ID: CommanderM
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Misha - a rare diamond

Establishment : now known as Top 127

Date of Visit: 19.04.2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: Welcome Top ONE27 Asian Brothel Welcome

Hours of Business: 1pm to 3am 7 days

Rates: $250 an hour FS

Age: 25

Size/shape: slim, short, busty C/D cup nice arse and legs

Nationality or Ethnicity: Korea

Services Provided: BBBJ, DFK, FS

Value for money/recommend?: I keep seeing her every 3 weeks

My experience/comments: 

She never ceases to amaze me and she works 5 days a week... how does she do it? all I know she is very polite and friendly to me

from our first meeting a few months ago, we always had a bundle of laughs. we seem to always share ideas and thoughts.

I always make her laugh - she not only is a goddess - she has a fun loving personality that you cannot miss.

she is very genuine when she told me she had an IQ of 100 and her blood type.

I told her about some of my gay friend's joking about comparing a penis and balls to 1 spring roll and 2 dim sims.

you should see the laughter and tears coming out of her eyes.

She made me so comfortable tonight and we were having sooo much fun that we forgot the 2 hours were up. I had no choice but to extend. 

the first time I have asked for an extension in 2 years...

now to the sex...

after I paid the reception guy, she lead me upstairs, I as per normal gave some chocolates. she thanked me for the chocolates and she asked me where i got them again

I told her where and she told me she often goes shopping there.

I could see she is still has one hell of a body. the arse and legs wow. the tits popping out of the unbelievable sky blue bikini.

after I undressed it was shower time. she joined me in the shower and we talked about another girl who worked there previously.

she cleaned me thoroughly then dryed me off with a towel. I like the service.

she told me to lie down and gave me a good massage.

I was teaching her some English about the word sauna - I had her laughing again how it means a few things in different languages 

she can see why I am intelligent

after the massage she told me to turn over. she rubbed her smooth soft tits on my legs leading up to my groin and she caressed my groin area very softly turning the little Commander on

she licked very slowly my balls, and sucked them. she soon found a very big Commander sticking out

omg she said - you are huge not small size. she had again miscalculated the size of the condom...

well it happens alot to me. not sure why. but to her credit she did like sucking it longer for another 15 minutes

I still wouldnt come for her. I am not that easy to get off.

what I enjoyed was her long hair teasing my skin and balls as she was sucking it.

long sucking by her mouth over the head of my cock

very hard now. 

she put on the condom with her mouth - it was a nice cooling effect on my cock to make it even harder

she then sat on top of Commander junior. it was a great sight

She groaned happily. I could see her eyes wide open as she sucked my nipples and kissed me.

she impressed me with her DFK on my first visit. this was a long time between drinks. 

I almost came with her DFK

but she told me to do missionary. she put a pillow under her so to elevate her hips and pussy. 

wow more kissing and myself sucking her tits. 

I used my left hand to grope her arse as I pounded her in missionary

after what seemed to be an eternity I finally came - she was extremely polite and told me to rest and relax. 

I said your the boss. lol

after cleaning me up she asked me if I needed any more drinks. I said why not - a coke would be nice.

she told me not to go away.

I said yes sir i mean madam - she laughed.

soon she was back and we cuddled - it was a nice feeling being snug and warm with a hot stunning Korean girl. 

after talking and you can tell she was interested in some topics. I could feel little junior stirring again.

she gave me a BBBJ - however as we were having too much fun. the buzzer rang.

it was about 8pm - I said I would have to extend - we cant leave it there.

to my surprise - I could extend another 2 hours

this is strange for a friday night ... oh well their loss is my gain.

I gave her the money and she told me she wont be long - so I took another shower

after a nice shower, I dried and lay on the bed.

She came back with a beaming hot smile. I said Hello. and she took the towel that 
wrapped her off.

it was back to BBBJ. nicely long and slow.

ball sucking and licking and soft caressing. very erect again

then it was on with condom. she started with cowgirl again. I got to kiss her and grope her tits.

i caressed her g spot. she went nuts.

finally she wanted doggy. you know a woman is in the mood when she asks for doggy.

This is the best view of all. the tight ass. the slim legs. the curvature of her hips and me occasionally groping her left tit whilst i pound her senseless.

just to make sure she enjoyed it, I held on to my cum for about 10 minutes. she was totally spent by the time I did cum.

She said I was nuts cuming twice - lol

she thought most men cum once a night.

all I can say it didnt do me justice to a hot bubbly girl to just come once

soon after i went for 3rds this time missionary. she is a great kisser

when the buzzer rang we were still cuddling and some talking. 

I did not want to leave. but she made it easy by showering with me again and taking me downstairs after I put my clothes on

she told me to be careful as it was cold out there. nice caring touch i reckon

I cant wait till next time. i hope it will be sooner than later. what a girl - a rare diamond in this city.


Floor: #19
Post Time: 25th April 2013, 07:03 PM
Poster ID: Louis Koo
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Nice review.. K dolls without the princess attitude are hard to come by.. You seem like a charmer and ladies man.. 

Louis Koo tin lok


Floor: #20
Post Time: 26th April 2013, 10:15 PM
Poster ID: CommanderM
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
no I am not a charmer Louis, she makes me feel comfortable to be myself. 
I can however say theres some chemistry between us.
she is one of the few most positive WLs I have ever met. 
Treat her nice and you will enjoy. 
Yes I have over 8 years of punting experience
and yes I agree with you 
WLs like this are very very rare I can tell you


Floor: #21
Post Time: 26th April 2013, 10:24 PM
Poster ID: JimmyK
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Fantastic punt CM. I love the feeling where it doesn't feel like a punt. It feels like pure nature and instinct. I've had this feeling a few times now and it is pure bliss.


Floor: #22
Post Time: 4th May 2013, 03:21 AM
Poster ID: CommanderM
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Candy who is Misha's flatmate is quite good. pros. natural E cup tits. curvy. BBBJ, DT, very horny, loves DATY. very horny sensual touch. cons. not much kissing on lips. slight bush down below. not as pretty face as Misha.

recommend her yes - as she is easygoing - good english. very horny. can do the cock slide on the pussy


Floor: #23
Post Time: 11th July 2013, 10:25 PM
Poster ID: harryr
Post Title: 
 Candy - Top ONE27
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name :  Candy

Establishment :  Top ONE27 - 127 Regent Street, Chippendale

Date of Visit : 9th July

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : www.top127.com.au

Hours of Business : 1pm - late

Rates : $240 Hr

Age : Late 20s

Size/shape : Fit with big tits

Nationality or Ethnicity : Korean

Services Provided : Sex , no kissing

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

[COLOR=#333333]On a weekday afternoon they had a line up of 5 or 6 girls all good looking; [/COLOR]

[COLOR=#333333]I chose candy , her breasts are huge!! fake but they fell good I would say there a D. Her body is really hot too. She gave a solid BBBJ , sex was ok she needed some encouragement to get into it but was quite satisfying in the end.   Nice girl very talkative , no kissing.
[/COLOR]
Will defiantly see her again.


Floor: #24
Post Time: 15th November 2013, 02:29 PM
Poster ID: Lrd Eucnas
Post Title: 
 Top 127 new review
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Misha

Establishment : Top 127

Date of Visit : October 2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : top127.com.au


Rates : 220$ for an hour

Age : 28

Size/shape : skinny with C cup breast

Nationality or Ethnicity : Korean

Services Provided : BJ massage FS

Value for money/recommend? : Yes but a little expensive, classier and cleaner environment though

My experience/comments : Very friendly from the beginning. I sat in a lounge room while the girls were coming to introduce themselves.
We went up to a very nice and clean room with shower. Shower and listerine with the girl doing everything.
We hen moved on for a naked massage, then AMAZING BJ followed by very nice sex. I was so turned on I came too quickly but she kept turning me on to go again which I did.
Very very nice girl


Floor: #25
Post Time: 15th November 2013, 03:14 PM
Poster ID: gentlescream
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Misha truly is quite something...she's been there for quite a long time now. ...Must go back to see her sometime :P.


Floor: #26
Post Time: 16th August 2015, 02:50 PM
Poster ID: cafepombo
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Amy

Establishment : Top 127

Date of Visit : 14/8/15

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Top127

Hours of Business : till late

Rates : $120/30mins

Age : early 30's

Size/shape : slim, nice B-C breasts, couple of tats

Nationality or Ethnicity : K-dolly

Services Provided : FS, BBBJ

Value for money/recommend? : Not great, not bad, middle of the road

My experience/comments : I somehow keep going to Korean places from time to time despite knowing that the service is invariably going to be average.  This time I found myself at Top 127, which I've been to a few times and had average (not good, not bad) experiences nearly every time.  One time a few years back stands out for the massive awesome perky breasts the woman had, but in terms of service, I don't think I've ever received anything too far from a carbon copy of my previous Korean experience. 

Anyway, I chose Amy from a couple of other girls.  She seemed the most interested in the line up, but we're talking virtually imperceptible differences here.  Things got a bit better in the room with her making some small talk and washing me in the shower.  That was nice actually.  Then onto the bed and I get a bit of BBBJ, so maybe I'm doing her a bit of a disservice saying it was completely average.  The sex was a bit mediocre with the old head turned eyes closed routine, and I guess that spoilt it for me a bit.  

Will I be back - yeah probably.  Will I expect anything different - nah not really.


Floor: #27
Post Time: 30th August 2015, 05:15 PM
Poster ID: luen
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Misha

Establishment : Top 127

Date of Visit : 24/8/15

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Top127.com.au

Hours of Business : till late

Rates : $100/30mins - Monday and Tuesday Special if before 6pm

Age : early 30's

Size/shape : slim, enhance C breasts

Nationality or Ethnicity : Korean

Services Provided : FS, BBBJ

Value for money/recommend?: Yes

My experience/comments : I've been coming to Top 127 for a while now and only see Misha as i usually tend stick with one girl who i really have a connected with rather trying a bunch of duds. So call up and make a booking. Arrived there and greeted by the receptionist, who's normally really funny and easy to chat with. Paid for 30min and waited for Misha to come grab. Not too long she came and we went to the room. If you guys don't know already, Misha is typical K-poll girl with a bit of work done, really bubbly person and quite talkative if she gets to know you. Got undress and we had a quick shower together talking about how's the day being. Then time for business, Misha seems quite mechanical in a way how she do her sessions but that shouldnt put you off her as she does give you a hell of a good time. On the session, she starts a slow and loving BBBJ, definitely one of BBBJ i've had, than onward with her fucking me on top where i could see her little gorgeous body. Then we move to doggy, where she can take a real fucking and I finished off with her in mish. Afterwards, showered and got dressed and left a well satisfied.  Misha is a lovely, treat her nicely and she will definitely reward.


Floor: #28
Post Time: 1st November 2015, 10:19 PM
Poster ID: MattC
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jane

Establishment : Top 127

Date of Visit : 28/10/15

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :  Top127

Hours of Business : till late

Rates : $120/30mins - Monday and Tuesday Special $100 if before 6pm

Age : early/mid 20s

Size/shape : very slim, A breasts

Nationality or Ethnicity : Korean

Services Provided : FS,

Value for money/recommend?: No, but YMMV

Read some good things about this shop on here (and quite like Korean girls) so decided to visit about 5 pm. The male manager seemed efficient and no-nonsense (which I like) and didn't leave me hanging outside the entrance long. Disappointingly however, there were only 2 girls available and picked Jane as the other one didn't look very Korean or attractive.

She's quite tall for an Asian girl (5'6'/7'), very slim with A cup breasts (she's not quite flat chested) with perky nipples which are nice, small waisted with a pert bum - quite a pretty face too (overall, she's more girl next door Korean than K-Doll Korean) with a good nose (not flat!). She's rather shy and maybe was a bit uncomfortable at first as I am both younger and non-Asian unlike her usual clientele. But she eventually warmed up and started chatting about Korean movies and anime, she's moved here from Perth and has good English. 

She showered with me and then lay me on the bed for quite a good massage (much better than most Caucasian girls) and then she told me to flip over and started going down on me (I suppose it was the famous cat bath I always see in reviews of Korean joints) she did spend quite a lot of time sucking my nipples, which was rather meh because I don't have sensitive nipples. Eventually she put the dom on (no BBBJ maybe that's extra or depends on the girl) and gave me a bit of a blowjob, after which I wanted to go down on her but she didn't let me so settled on sucking her nipples and rubbing her pussy (no penetration allowed either). After doing that for a while we got into mish, she was nice and tight (as your Asian girls are) and was breathing heavily so not exactly a starfish but didn't get anywhere exciting as I mustn't have been in the mood and came after only a few minutes (It's always a bit off-putting if the girl doesn't allow DATY or fingering).

So all in all, a rather disappointing session but YMMV - next time I will try to see one of Top127's famous K-dolls like Misha or Sarah as I think the location is good (loads of easy free parking) and the rates are good value (especially if you go on Monday and Tuesday for the daytime special).

Any Top127 regulars have tips on who to see?


Floor: #29
Post Time: 9th November 2015, 04:38 PM
Poster ID: luen
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Guys, it seems there going to be a lot changes to Top 127. It's no longer going to be exclusive Korean joint. Was told today that they bringing Chinese and Malays also the bad news is that my fav Misha has left. Anyone know her whereabouts pm me, much appreciated.


Floor: #30
Post Time: 9th November 2015, 07:14 PM
Poster ID: gentlescream
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Yeah...immediate change in management. Mischa too old for their standards (a year or 2 away from the big Three O). I'm assuming Mishca will probably take some time off and rest before she returns to Korea soon enough. And to think I was gonna book her tomorrow morning to see her after my CBD meeting...SMH...


Thread Title: Top ONE27 - 127 Regent St, Chippendale - 02 9319 3349
Floor: #31
Post Time: 5th May 2016, 07:27 PM
Poster ID: Hot_kp
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
This shop has been smashing my wechat for a while now. 3-4 ads every day with some mighty looking talent and pretty good pricing. 

Might be time for a visit.


Floor: #32
Post Time: 29th August 2016, 11:59 AM
Poster ID: conan202
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Angel

Establishment : Top 127

Date of Visit : 24/8/2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 127 Regent St Chippendale 9319 3349

Hours of Business : 10 am till late

Rates : $120 (30 mins)

Age : early twenties

Size/shape : C cup (enhanced), size 6

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese 

Services Provided : 'Full' Service

Value for money/recommend? : Probably not... good looks but robotic and decided I was 'too big' for her (which is BS... babies fit in there!!)

My experience/comments : 

This was a quick visit. I walked in through the back door and the place had a strong cigarette smell. There was a full ashtray in the waiting room and it wasn't so good.

Last time I went, a Korean guy was in charge, it was all young Korean girls and they gave out free Korean energy drinks. Now... it's a Chinese lady in charge, but there must be some Korean girls because I overheard her talking to a girl in broken English (rather than Chinese).

Short story long, there was apparently only one girl... angel. I had my doubts but went hey why not. She's young, slim and has really nice skin.

I had to go get cash so walked out for a bit. When I came back an Asian guy followed me in. He was promptly ushered to a room and told there were lots of ladies for him. Huh? Some only do Asian guys I guess...

I went to the toilet and overheard and argument between the manager and a girl (in broken English). She was complaining that she'd been rushed out of a session and told to get ready for the other client. Maybe they were telling the truth that only one was available?

Anyhow the session was short. No touch boobs (perky enhanced ones)... no touch everything pretty much. Dom on for a half-arsed suck. I then put it in and gently rode her (slowly and gently) for about a 30 seconds... 'OW HURT!! TOO BIG!!!' I didn't wanna cause trouble so just took myself out. 'Hand job?' Sure... but her weak little hands did nothing (and she faced away from me while doing it). I ended up rubbing against her while she ineffectively jerked me (facing away the whole time). Somehow I finished and got out ASAP.

I was nice to her and I'm not THAT bad looking. However, she clearly didn't want to be there and didn't want me as a customer. Pity because she was young and attractive.

Her breath/hair smelled of smoke and there were ciggie butts in the shower. It seems like they only have 2 or 3 rooms here and churn through the girls quickly (no rest so they just suck down a durry in between and grit their teeth for the next customer).

Decent price for young, attractive girls. But... an R&T can probably provide better prices (and a better service).

Others might say I should be more demanding (or shoulda just pounded her) but I figure it's their domain. If they're not comfortable then I'm not gonna force them. Guess I coulda asked for a refund, but I couldn't be stuffed. Best to just walk and forget about it.


Floor: #33
Post Time: 30th August 2016, 04:19 PM
Poster ID: distantfunk
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Haven't heard too much from this place. As Conan mentioned it was previously an all Korean place but now after change of management sounds like this is slowly going down the gurgler

Sent from my D6503 using Tapatalk


Floor: #34
Post Time: 31st August 2016, 12:41 PM
Poster ID: conan202
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by distantfunk


Haven't heard too much from this place. As Conan mentioned it was previously an all Korean place but now after change of management sounds like this is slowly going down the gurgler

Sent from my D6503 using Tapatal
"""



Yeah... it used to be a neat little Korean joint (possibly funded by patrons of the pub in front). The girls were hot, there were more of them, they were treated better and you'd get a Korean energy drink while waiting (containing some herbs to improve your stamina).

While the area now has a lot of fancy apartments for international students (UTS, Sydney and Notre Dame all seem heavily invested in that area), one of the pubs has closed and the other (the one close to it that used to open until late) had shut early when I visited.

Maybe I just went there on a dud night, but as I said... full ashtray in the waiting room, ciggy butts in the shower... typical Chinese 'I don't give a fark' kinda attitude rather than a Korean 'this place needs to be spotless and we need to please all the customers 150%' kind of attitude.

Still young girls (which is a bonus) and I dunno... maybe this particular 'Angel' just didn't like me (thought I was too fat or whatever). But TBH, I don't think most WL's 'like' anybody... it's all a show and she made no attempt to put on a show. She literally turned her body away from me, grabbed my dick (still inside the dom) and sorta tapped it gently/awkwardly with her fingers. I couldn't see her face, touch her boobs (which as I said, were perky/enhanced) or touch her bum. She also complained about me looking at her when she got outta the shower.

They still have really young/pretty girls so I might have to go back some time. It's entirely possible that I just picked a dud. Be interesting to hear some other experiences. Next time I might either make a booking or tell them I'll wait if there's only one option. When there's a lineup it's easier to pick because there's usually at least one who makes it clear they're comfortable offering their services to you (and you can ignore the dead fish greetings).


Floor: #35
Post Time: 13th April 2017, 04:01 AM
Poster ID: vaamp
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lily

Establishment : Top 127 Chippendale

Date of Visit : 11/04/2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 127 Regent St Chippendale 9319 3349 

Hours of Business : 10:00AM till late

Rates : 180$ for 45 mins

Age : late 20's early 30's

Size/shape : Slim enhanced boobs size B-C

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : FS, BBBJ +50$

Value for money/recommend? : good for a longer FS session with BBBJ for 50$

My experience/comments : Went for my second trip for Top127. The first time it was a young one. This time was ushered into the dingy small smoke filled lounge yet again. The place does give the vibe of stinky China town brothel. The ladies were ushered in. One was introduced as new from Malaysia, though I think all are China now. I chose the other one. A slim black haired one with perky boobs. Went to the shower with her and she seemed to take a shine for my ass, by brushing it inside with shampoo from her hands. (I had my head giddy with thoughts of going to get a free rimming!). she actually wasted some time in bringing toiletries, shampoo, towels etc (one other gimmick of how girls waste time here). Afterwards, she started giving me a cat bath. Came to my main point, and asked whether I wanted a BBBJ. I said Yes. she said 50$..I asked for lower but she was not negotiating. Here I should mention that her breath stinked of cigarette and even after swirling Listerine, the smell persisted in the saliva when she kissed. She was on for the DFK and I had a hunch that she was older than she looked (probably in mid 30's). The thought for the BBBJ cigarette saliva on my Dick didn't sound appeasing and I lifted her head away. She put the cover on and I penetrated her in mish position. Her Pube region (as usual in this establishment) was like a jungle. Rode her for some time and then turned her around in doggie. I should also add that I can come a lot later than usual as described by many partners that I had and it actually can last for upto 30 to 40 min session's non stop with just one shot...this time I rode her like hell and bent her and did it from lying on top of her for a good time from the back. Then turned her around in spooning position and again gave her a well deserved punishment for smoking cigarettes and doing DFK with it!...she was up in sweat with me and literally begging to stop.....I asked if she was so weak to give up so soon?..and began complaining that I'm too much and should cum soon now!...(she hadn't seen anything yet though!..many Russian women have begged for mercy from the vaamp who sucked their blood!.)..I again lifted her up and started doing her in Air..and she began like a Japanese crying girl. Drilled her again and she just protested to stop as it was hurting. So she asked for handjob...and started going for the HJ which she didn't seem to have any experience with. I rubbed now my dick against her body by making her lie down and this probably did the trick as I came in big burst till her shoulder.*Just three minutes back the buzzer also had gone off and I was on extra time*. She made a face and then gave me thumbs up signature with broken english of 'the ...most...long ...had'....I had a smile on my face  flushed with pride...ha!...took a shower changed and she suggested 'you too strong...next time take 1 hour'. I told her 'baby,.. maybe I can survive for 1hr but you wont!' and then walked away from the dragon junction with smoke in the background.


Summary:

The women was a bit mature but was up to the action. Most older ones here are up for more action while younger lot just start screaming one minute in action so they can get away without any thing done and get money free from older clients for only HJ's. For my duration the more aged ones can actually take it.


Floor: #36
Post Time: 13th April 2017, 04:05 AM
Poster ID: vaamp
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
yeah on my last punt, the girl told me herself in Broken English 'all Chinese here...all manager also Chinese'. I think, things started to go down a bit for them after the incident of one Korean working girl of theirs, who was burnt outside the establishment. After this only Chinese have the gumption to stick around perhaps.


