Thread Title: Town Hall Massage - Sydney CBD - 02 9267 0061
Floor: #1
Post Time: 27th December 2019, 01:43 PM
Poster ID: Skwdn
Post Title: 
 Town Hall Massage - Sydney CBD - 02 9267 0061
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Angela

Establishment : Town Hall Massage

Date of Visit : 26/12/2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 382A Pitt St, Sydney NSW 2000

Phone : (02) 9267 0061

Hours of Business : 24 Hours

Rates : $110 for 45 mins + tips ($90 for FS)

Age : Mid 20s

Size/shape : Size 6

Nationality or Ethnicity : Korean

Services Provided : Massage + CBJ + FS

Value for money/recommend? : Pricey, but the service was excellent.

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

This was my second time punting in Sydney. Walked past a plethora of options, and finally decided to give  Town Hall Massage a try. 
The place itself was clean and that applied to the room as well. I was told there will be a wait, which turned out to be 15 mins (I had a shower in the meantime!). Angela walks in, and goes on to give a firm massage. She must be in her mid-20s, very pretty and polite. Her command of English was decent enough to keep the conversation alive for the whole session, so I was quite impressed.

10 mins in. she strips down to her g-sting. Then starts exploring the areas of interest while performing a sensual B2B. A few minutes of that, and she gets to the point. 
She asks if I wanted FS, which was agreed to be capped at $90. (I knows its pricey, but given the barren lands of ACT that I hail from, I wasn't leaving Sydney without going all the way). Once the $$$ were handed out, she pops the dom on, and proceeds with a good CBJ with a lot of tongue play. Then she hops on it and cowgirls very enthusiastically. I didnt want it all to end it so quickly. So I stop her, and we switch to mish, which gives me far more control . We then change to doggy for a bit, and finally end with mish again. 

We still have 15 mins to go, and she gave me a very good head and neck massage. 

Overall I have to commend Angela for her enthusiasm throughout the sesh. She worked for every minute of it with a cute smile, with no interruptions/distractions, and had oodles of energy throughout. She was everything the MLs, WLs of ACT are not! 

Will I go to Town Hall Massage again, probably not anytime soon, till I have explored Sydney CBD more. But highly recommend Angela! She works on Tuesdays and Thursdays at 382A Pitt St. 

But one things for sure, I am never punting in the ACT again!


