Thread Title: Where to in Sydney??
Floor: #1
Post Time: 27th August 2014, 10:51 AM
Poster ID: Air Travel
Post Title: 
 Where to in Sydney??
				
Post Content: 
Ok everyone in Sydney,

Here is your chance to show your city off to a couple of 'Mexicans'.  A friend and I are heading to Sydney soon, and are planning a night out before we jump on a cruise ship with the ball and chain.

I therefore ask where are the good places to go, have a few drinks (not to expensive), feel up a few strippers and then wonder into a good rnt or brothel??

Over to you now.

Cheer Air Travel


Floor: #2
Post Time: 27th August 2014, 01:02 PM
Poster ID: hushabomb15
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Mens Gallery,  Pure Platinum are ya best bet

Brothel wise there are plenty. Use the search engine for that.

Bars are plenty. Bulletin place, Frankies, Tios, Shady Pines.

One thing that's big in NSW is no touching of the ladies in any way shape or form. For that you'll rightly get ya head kicked in. Melbourne your allowed to touch.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 27th August 2014, 03:37 PM
Poster ID: peekaboo85
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by Air Travel



I therefore ask where are the good places to go, have a few drinks (not to expensive), feel up a few strippers and then wonder into a good rnt or brothel??

Over to you now.

Cheer Air Trave
"""



Sydney strip clubs don't really allow touching. Just more watching


Floor: #4
Post Time: 27th August 2014, 04:33 PM
Poster ID: Fuzzynuts
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
BadaBing at the cross allowed touching last time I was there, but it was expensive ($100 for 20 mins from memory). Include entry and drinks and you're spending a lot of cash for almost zero return. Much better to hit some meat market pub near the backpackers and try and pick up for free.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 27th August 2014, 08:05 PM
Poster ID: maxwell
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I wouldn't waste your money at a strip club here in Sydney. The closest you'll get is an up close dance, no touching like you may be used to in southern or North America. And even that may set you back 100 by the time you've paid a cover charge. 

I'd put that 100 to use in a warm up rnt, then go for another, then maybe another... Depending on how wild your night is going to be. 

Max


Floor: #6
Post Time: 1st September 2014, 09:39 AM
Poster ID: Stealth
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
If you want to touch at a strip club,  get on a plane and fly back to Melbourne - Probably cheaper !

For other fun in Sydney,   Top shelf is stiletto, but for a filthy time, I would suggest going to 12 Bellevue, pick 3 of the oldies and have yourself a badass session for 45 mins,  will cost you around $200 -$300 but you will remember it !

Otherwise, club121 if your near the casino, or there's a few around Paddington that are ok....

Good luck


Floor: #7
Post Time: 1st September 2014, 05:21 PM
Poster ID: Stevegem
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Agree with others , strip clubs in Sydney are expensive as are the drinks there.

Then again if you don't come to Sydney often, might as well bring up some extra cash and enjoy yourself, rather than go the cheap.

Id personally wander around a couple of pubs in the CBD for some drinks, try some irish pubs like pjs and scruffy murphys. Good perv and potential pickup.

After that Id head into The Penthouse, right in the middle of the CBD. Has a large open bar, couple of pool tables and lots of WLs to chat to.
(though probably most expensive brothel in Sydney, but you can chill there for a bit)

You can wander down to these RnT places, predominately Caucasians.... 
Bliss on Crown for the RnT, which is probably a good 10min walk from CBD heading towards Kings Cross
Sirs in Erskine Street 
Impressions South of CBD (have a few asians now on their books last time I was there)
Nirvana in Cleveland street, about a 10 min walk from Impressions

All these places ive mentioned have websites, just google
Probably Nirvana and Bliss are the better RnT places

There's literally dozens of asian haunts about, they are a lot cheaper, but cant really help as am an inexperienced punter in the CBD regarding asian WLs.

Have fun, please report back the fun 

SG


Floor: #8
Post Time: 7th February 2015, 08:10 PM
Poster ID: Melchior
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Backpackers and Irish pubs? Sounds like SoP for Melbourne too but still makes great bang-for-buck


