Thread Title: BBW Bianca - Surry Hills - 0420 488 227
Floor: #1
Post Time: 14th November 2015, 02:33 PM
Poster ID: Dr Strangelove
Post Title: 
 BBW Bianca - Surry Hills - 0420 488 227
				
Post Content: 
My review coming up, but first a copy of her ad:

----------------------------------------

Hi there I'm a friendly and playful curvaceous size 16 woman with a firm natural DD bust. I have long brunette hair and an hourglass figure with smooth olive skin. 
Full service is $130 for half an hour or $220 for an hour and I also offer most fantasies and fetishes. I don't send pics or answer private numbers so please just give me a call for anymore information.

I'm available most days from around midday so call 0420488227 to make a booking.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 16th November 2015, 05:39 AM
Poster ID: Dr Strangelove
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Bianca 

Establishment: Private in Surry Hills

Date of visit: August 2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0420 488 227

Hours of Business: after midday

Prices: $130/30mins $220/60mins

Age: advertises as 35, actually early 40's

Size/shape: Size 16, DD boobs, curly hair. 

Nationality or Ethnicity: Mediterranean ?

Services:  BJ / FS

Value for money/recommend?: Yes

My experience/comments: Have seen Bianca's ad's on cracker for some time. 

Appointment is easy to make via text and she's located in (what I believe to be) a housing commission apartment in Surry Hills. Bianca is available most days after midday. I imagine she works till late, but I saw her during the day. 

I saw Bianca for the cost of $130 for 30 minutes. A shower was not offered however she knew I'd had one not long before seeing her. There is a shower available. 

Bianca advertises as 35 and her pictures are 100% accurate (you can actually tell when you visit they were taken in her bedroom), however I'd put her age as early 40's.  She has a Mediterranean look, curly hair, DD boobs and an overall pear shape so nice hips and a big bottom. Not sure she quite qualifies as big enough to advertise as a BBW, but that's a matter of personal perspective. I found her to be very attractive. Also, she's unshaven downstairs, if that's your thing. 

Bianca is very service orientated, she wanted to know what kind of service I like and so on.  

We started with a covered blowjob, Bianca does really well, she can take it all in, good suction with some eye contact. She seems happy to do this as long as you please. 

Bianca then went up the bed and climbed on cowgirl, this gives a great view of her large breasts bouncing, occasionally I'd pull her down to me so I could get them in my mouth. 

Since the half hour would soon be up, we swapped positions and went missionary which got the desired result :-)

Bianca also has quite the array of costumes and toys and has ads that make offers of various B&D services, once again, if that's your thing. 

I will definitely be back.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 22nd March 2016, 10:20 AM
Poster ID: ned2
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Bianca 

 Establishment: Private in Surry Hills

 Date of visit: 4/02/2016

 Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0420488227

 Hours of Business: After Midday

 Prices: $130/30mins, $150/ 45min, $220/60mins

 Age: advertises as 35, 

 Size/shape: Size 16, DD boobs, curly hair. 

 Nationality or Ethnicity: European?? 

 Services: BJ / FS

 Value for money/recommend?: Yes

 My experience/comments:I called Bianca and arranged a time to meet for 45min. Her apartment is easy to fine on Devonshire St, Surry Hills. The building looks a bit run down. Her direction was spot on to her apartment.

Bianca’s apartment was a bit messy but not too bad. She was wearing jeans and a top that showed her big breast. She has dark curly hair, pretty face & dark / tan skin. She advertises as a BBW but she’s more on the curvy side. Also there is a cat in the apartment, but not in the room.

 She offered me a shower and a drink (Vodka Tonic) which was nice to relax after a hard day at work.

After the shower I went back to the room and laid on the bed while Bianca strips to her bra and panties.

She tells me to roll over and started to give me a massage / light rub. During the 5 min massage she asked me what am I into. I said I leave it up to you!! She turns me over again and doms me up for some nice and slow CBJ. Her suction was spot on. It may be one of the top 5 CBJ I’ve had. This lasted a good 10min then she tells me to bend my knees up, Bianca then gets in front of me in the doggie position and reverses back to me. Her legs interlock with my thighs and my old fella slips straight in. I’ve never done this kind of position before. It was like some Kamasutra stuff. She just kept rocking back and forward. It felt amazing. Then she hops up in some cow girls and while she on top she asks me what the next position that I want to do. I said back to the first one. She said that one of her favorite. I said its now my favorite too!!

A few more minutes in that great position I blew my load in the dom. She cleans me up, flips me over for some more massage. I showered then left. 

Bianca is not a clock watcher and has a wide range of toys in her room. She even has a hook on top of the bed to hand cuff you, If you’re into that. I’m not.

I will be back.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 15th February 2017, 06:16 PM
Poster ID: Jonlad
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Bianca 

Establishment: Private in Surry Hills

Date of visit: Feb 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0420 488 227

Hours of Business: after midday

Prices: $150/30mins 

Age: 40s

Size/shape: big, round ass, gut and short. Nice DD tits

Nationality or Ethnicity: Egyptian

Services: BJ / FS

Value for money/recommend?: Probably not worth $150. Seemed drunk or on drugs and the place is a tip lacking in hygiene.

My experience/comments: 

Bianca was quick to pick up her phone and we easily made a booking. Her voice sounded a little slurred on the phone.

Given the address and l entered her flat which in located in a housing commission building. Fair of junk around the place. She was wearing a see through slip with a bra and panties underneath. Quite nice looking for mid 40s girl who has some weight on her. Definately more BBW now versus curvy. Turns out ber mother is egyptian and her dad is british. Explains her exotic appearance.

She was definately under the influence of alcohol as she was slurring her words and speaking unnaturally loud. May have been on some harder drugs but l hope not! 

Her room was full of bdsm toys but thats not up my alley so l didnt press. Lay on her bed, which l dont think she changes the sheets at all, and had a fondle of her nice DD titties while she lay next to me. After a few minutes Bianca proceeded to give me a CBJ which was very nice. Could have easily blown from it. Onto the main course and suggested the position where she places her legs under mine, back to mine, so we are somewhat interlocked and she rocked back and forth. Great view of her large ass. Didnt take long to blow into the dom. 


WIR?

Wont be back, you can get better value for $150 elsewhere and the drinking and potential drug use is a red flag.


