Thread Title: BBW Selma - Ashfield  - 0404 637 095
Floor: #1
Post Time: 28th March 2016, 10:13 PM
Poster ID: bigdickmalone
Post Title: 
 BBW Selma - Ashfield  - 0404 637 095
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Selma


Establishment : Ashfield - Private


Date of Visit : Mid March

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : !!!! ???BBW ??? !!!!! Touring In Sydney, Don't Miss Out !!!! - Sydney escorts - cracker.com.au
0404 637 095

Hours of Business : Contact for hours

Rates : 200 for 45min


Age : early 30s


Size/shape : 16


Nationality or Ethnicity : South African


Services Provided : FS


Value for money/recommend? : Not sure

So was looking for a BBW to tick it off my bucket list, I had seen the horrendous (Crystal Plump bbw for you - Sydney escorts - cracker.com.au ,what a waste of $50) so tried my luck again.

Contact was done via text and we set up a time to meet in the evening. 

She operates out of an apartment in Ashfield. I got to the apartment and she buzzed me up. She opened the door and she was wearing some lingerie. She is friendly and invited me in, we chat for sometime she is bubbly, exchange finances and get down to business. I have a shower and one of biggest bug bears with WL is dirty showers, such a gross feeling stepping into a dirty shower. Yuck.. and to make it worse the hot water isn't working so I'm in a cold dirty nasty shower.

Once done, I go into the room where she is waiting for me on the bed. She is still wearing her lingerie, she stands up and I start sucking on her boobs. Her boobs even though they are large are flabby. I motorboat them and suck them. Playing with large breasts. After a few minutes I slip on a dom and get her to ride me ( I skipped the CBJ as wasn't interested in that during this punt). Keep on sucking the tits while she rides me, having them smash on my face. After a few minutes of cowgirl, I get her to missionary where I can still get to feel her tits. I then finish off.

Do round 2 again no BJ as didn't feel like it. I get her to ride me again then switch to missionary and then finish off in doggy style. 

Selma only allows 2 cums in the 45 min session but that was all I needed. I wasn't really attracted to her so wasn't too fussed about the 2 cums rule.

Would I go see her again: No, I wanted to try a BBW and it wasn't what I expected. I was after firm breast with a nice big firm ass. Sort of like Angela White (ohh how I wish I could get a punt with her). Selma is big but didn't fulfill my fantasy of a BBW.

Do I recommend her: Probably not. 

Now I'm going to stick to my usual WLs and less then size 10s


