Thread Title: BBW Mistress Anna French - Sydney - 0403 640 827
Floor: #1
Post Time: 25th August 2014, 06:21 PM
Poster ID: Dr Strangelove
Post Title: 
 BBW Mistress Anna French - Sydney - 0403 640 827
				
Post Content: 
Gents, due to extenuating circumstances, I've not had a chance to punt of late. Just getting this thread going to force me to finish writing up my review of my visit with this lady, which was my most recent punt in June. 

Her ad from backpage and photos....






Hello Gentlemen Thank you for taking the time to view my profile. I truly enjoy the company of men. I am an experienced, New Zealand born Courtesan and love what I do. Interestingly, I’m a direct descendant of a famous historical mistress. I love to have fun and this is also something that transcends into the bedroom. Spend some time with me and you’ll have a genuine girlfriend experience. Some men have said they felt like they’d known me for years, they felt so comfortable. I’m fun and educated and will make you feel completely at ease with my cute, quirky personality. I have massive double E cup breasts which are firm and milky soft, with long blonde hair and deep blue eyes. Come and spend some time with me and I’ll set you on fire with some of my ....... tricks. I’m also an experienced dominatrix so tell me your fetish/fantasy. There’s nothing I won’t consider.
I’m very sensual and have multiple orgasms. I can be very sweet but I can also dominate and love kink. I have toys and accessories for this very purpose.
I’m also very experienced at giving deep tissue massages so once I’ve pleasured you, I can pleasure you some more. Give me a call and let’s have some fun. I have a private apartment which is very discreet.
Until we meet.
Anna French xx 0403640827


Floor: #2
Post Time: 27th September 2014, 04:26 PM
Poster ID: Dr Strangelove
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Anna French

Establishment: Private situation

Date of visit: June 2014

Prices: $350 for 60 mins

Age: late 30's

Size/shape: size 18, DD/E cups, blonde hair, shaven downstairs

Nationality or Ethnicity: Caucasian (NZ background)

Services: DFK + BBBJ + FS + cof

Value for money/recommend?: Yes

My experience/comments: first up, apologies for taking so long to get this review up, I normally pride myself on writing them quickly, but the last few months real life has just gotten in the way a lot. On a side note, I did break the dry spell 3 weeks or so ago with Stephanie at Riverwood, but have already reviewed her 3 times. So without further ado, Anna French. 

I had seen her ads and pictures on a few sites, some making a big point of the mistress side of things, some more vanilla. 

Contact and booking via text was easy with any questions I had being answered, so I booked in for a late evening appointment. I was just booked in for a "regular" service. 

Anna is in an recently built apartment off Broadway. Not much parking about, may want to leave some extra time if going by car. But the apartment is really nice. 

Once upstairs and into her apartment, the first thing I thought is that the pictures in the ads don't do her justice. She looks fantastic. 

Anna was wearing a fishnet outfit which really suited her. She took me out to the balcony to see the view and have a bit of a kiss and play out there. Told her I'd be needing a shower so we headed back in. 

Paid her the required funds and she took me to the bathroom. Nice and modern as would be expected in a new apartment, I was given a nice fresh towel and told I was welcome to use anything I liked.

Upon return from the shower Anna was naked on the bed. Once again, her pictures don't do her justice.   

Started with plenty of kisses followed by a bbbj that is up there with my favorites. 

This continued for quite some time until it was time to get the condom on and get inside her. Anna is very tight and we had some time in cowgirl and missionary, I didn't dare try from behind as I knew I'd blow almost right away. 

Anna seems to like dirty talk and to be in control (no great surprise). She got the dom off and started to suck again, occasionally stopping to offer some appropriate words of encouragement. 

Finally I knew I was going to cum, she asked that I put it all over her face (YMMV) which I was happy to oblige to. 

A shared shower to finish and I was off.  Overall a very pleasant experience! Yes perhaps a bit pricey but I enjoyed myself a great deal.


