Thread Title: Bella - Mascot - 0499 920 053
Floor: #1
Post Time: 29th June 2019, 07:58 AM
Poster ID: milkyjoe
Post Title: 
 Bella - Mascot - 0499 920 053
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Bella

Establishment : private mascot

Date of Visit : May 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : escorts and babes 

Phone : 0499 920 053

Hours of Business : I saw her at 8:30pm unsure of hours

Rates : $150 for 15 mins

Age : 24ish

Size/shape : short, Italian, curvy, (not fat or Chubby though)

Nationality or Ethnicity : Italian/Australian

Services Provided : bbbj, sex, 

Value for money/recommend? : yes

My experience/comments : 

After turning up at one place to have the girl look nothing like her photos in Sydney cbd, i scrambled through escortsandbabes till I found Bella. She was quick to respond and said she would do a 15 min bbbj no cim or a quickie which included sex and bbbj still no cim. I was after cim but she was polite and beautiful in the photos so I headed to mascot. 

Parking was abit hard but once I found a spot close by I went upstairs to see her. She was quite attractive and I was happy with my first impression, although the photos might of made her look a little less curvy it wasn't by much and she had a great ass. 

After a a quick shower I told her I was just after bbbj and her bbbj was a bit slow to get going but it was improving a lot as time went on getting deeper, wetter and better technique. At this point I thought I may aswell have sex. I really didn't want to because all I wanted to do was be lazy and lay there but she got me all excited. 

Her pussy was great and after a short time I had to stop and slow down and then start again. This was good because I got a good view of her pussy and it was wet and creamy. Looked amazing. Wasn't long until I finished and was out the door. 

Overall, good looking girl with good looking ass and pussy. Win win win. Nice and pretty good service. Would see again but plenty of fish in the sea but that's saying something. Many are good but not worth the second visit in my eyes she was.


