Thread Title: Bella Mac Queen
Floor: #1
Post Time: 16th August 2016, 06:33 AM
Poster ID: iClover
Post Title: 
 Bella Mac Queen
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Bella Mac Queen 

Establishment : Private Escort 

Date of Visit : Late July 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Live Strip Dance/ GFE/PSE/Sex Show - video Attached????? - Sydney escorts - backpage.com, 0412 838 768

Hours of Business : available all day

Rates : check link for rates and services 

Age : Mid 20's or late 20's

Size/shape : 8

Nationality or Ethnicity : Singapore  

Services Provided : Check her services through the link provided.

Value for money/recommend? :I supposed it scratched an itch I had on the night, but I won't be back.

I saw Bella Mac Queen a couple of nights ago, and the experience was average. Her ads were enticing, as were her posts on twitter, it made her sound like a real PSE was on the cards.

Communication was easy, a text and soon a reply advising of in call location. Then asked for a final confirmation text half an hour before "in case she forgot"... why would you say that?!

Anyway, confirmed prior and waited outside the CBD apartment she sent me to. Not a big fan as it was on a main road (ie. the busiest road in the CBD at night). Texted Bella that I was downstairs, and she said she will come get me. Waited for about ten minutes before she came down. She wore one of those slightly revealing traditional Chinese dresses that you used to see the waitresses at Chinese restaurants wear (the ones that have the high leg cut which shows off a bit of thigh). Too much make up, hair was way overdone, basically told everyone on the street that she was a WL.

Once in the apartment I got the feel that it was a place shared by several WL's, the set up was too similar to Asian brothels I've been to in the past. Several rooms, each with their own bathrooms, minimum décor, towels placed across the beds etc.

Paid my money and took a quick shower, and came out to Bella in lingerie. Her body is cracking, exactly like her ads, but her face... was not that of a 24 year old. I guess it's hard to pick the age of Asian ladies, but I'd say Bella was anywhere between a 24 YO who's lived a hard life or more likely someone in her early to mid 30's. Then again, her body was great, so that was good.

She was quite open to deep kissing, and was happy to jam her tongue down my throat which I didn't mind. Gave quite a good bbbj, used her tongue to work my head a lot which I liked. The sex was... ok. There just wasn't the passion and urgency which most of the other escorts I've been with had. If I can be critical, I'd say the session felt a bit clinical. Even her dirty talk sounded rehearsed, did the whole Asian stereotype "oh your dick is so big, fuck me fuck me baby" thing which I found a bit off putting. Ended up with her blowing me and me cumming in her mouth. Afterwards she gave me a massage, we had a quick chat (her English is good, definitely no awkward silences), and that was that.

Overall it was an average punt, definitely not one of the better ones, but then again not the worst I've had either. It felt like a glorified (and more expensive) punt at your average Asian brothel.


