Thread Title: Bella - North Ryde - 0412 728 763
Floor: #1
Post Time: 3rd June 2020, 03:31 PM
Poster ID: choiboi
Post Title: 
 Bella - North Ryde - 0412 728 763
				
Post Content: 
Person's name: Bella

Establishment: Hotel incall / Willoughby Sakura Massage

Date of visit: April 2020

Contact Details/Address: WeChat 0412728763

Hours of business: 10am to 5pm

Rates: $80 - 1hr massage + $50 tip for NHJ

Age: Stated as 22yo – probably not far off

Size/shape: Petite girl with C cups (?), round ass but not fat, shaved

Nationality: Thai

Services Provided: Massage/B2B/CBJ/FS

Value for money/recommend? Yes, absolutely given the circumstances this is good value!

My experience/comments:
With the situation in mid-April, I was feeling frisky so searching around online and came across some intel that there was an hotel outcall service, so I added Willoughby Sakura Massage to WeChat and found that I could book Bella in and she was working nearby, so it was fate. 

Pretty straight forward booking – I passed on my number and on the day of massage I get a call an hour before my session from Bella.
She texted me the details and off I go.
Arrive at the hotel, abit nervous given it was still a full blown lockdown at the time but also excited. I wait in the foyer as instructed and Bella comes to get me. I could tell she was nervous too…. Bella is dressed like the girl next door and she quickly walks me into our room. Now she relaxes & so do I!

Bella is pretty attractive, and you could tell she has a decent rack underneath that top!
I pay her and she does some admin taking a photo of payment as proof. I get undressed and lie on the on the bed relaxed now. She starts
giving me a professional Thai oil massage, which is pleasant given that none of those services had been operating for at least 4 weeks by
this time – she even checks in to see if the pressure is ok? I am now relaxed in everyway possible!

She sits on me and I could feel her lovely round buns brushing my legs and all I could think of was fucking her. After a 30min massage she takes her clothes off and esculates with a b2b and some soft kisses all over…. Farkkkkk. After a few mins she asks me to turn over and my cock was already rock solid in anticipation LOL. I had paid for a nude RnT, but she hinted that more was on offer if I was up for it. I was….
Extra $30 to fuck. OK bargain.

First thing I notice when I see her properly is those ample tits. She encourages me to suck them whilst she plays with my cock in her hand,
whilst her pussy is resting on my leg. I tell her I am ready to fuck, she gets up and looks for a dom – covers me up and gets on and rides
me so fast and hard like as if the world was coming to an end in 2mins… LOL except something else came in 2mins! After I blow like 4
weeks worth of frustration inside the dom. She cleans me up, continue a short massage and thai back cracking and we chit-chat about the
current situation til time is up.

You can tell she is a lovely girl, she even shares some of her dried pork with me.
I leave the hotel a happy man… basically the perfect session!
I would definitely return when I have the opportunity!

Face 7/10
Body 8/10
Experience 8/10


Sent from my HD1900 using Tapatalk


