Thread Title: Bella - Yagoona - 0455 419 403
Floor: #1
Post Time: 9th March 2019, 12:48 PM
Poster ID: Donjon
Post Title: 
 Bella - Yagoona - 0455 419 403
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Bella

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 8-Mar-2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.escortsandbabes.com.au/P...ent/sxc_bella/

Phone : 0455419403

Hours of Business : Didn't ask. I met around 3pm

Rates : 150 half hr

Age : Advt claims 42, but my observation was in 50s 

Size/shape : size 12, tall, blonde, great shape

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : GFE, BBJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments :

I was in Lakemba area for some getting some thing fixed in my car. I was feeling a little toey and wanted a quick relief. Locanto search in that area is full of asian suggestions. Tried my luck in E&B. Her advt comes on top. I have a thing for tall blondes. No reviews dound here. TOFTT, texted from my punting phone and within few texts was able to book her for half hour in short notice for a unit in Yagoona.

Short drive, text message near to her apartment got a quick reply from her. Buzzed and went inside. First impression was good. She was fresh in red mini tight hugging skirt. Tall and well maintained body for her age. Kiss on cheek and financials done. Quick shower and inside the bed room. We both undress quickly.

Lying on the bed, she asked my day and some other short conversations were going on. I noticed her heavy makeup, cleavage wrinkles. But just below that her body is rocking hot. She has a body of 35 year old. Solid and long legs. Pussy with some bush, not trimmed.

After some chit chat, slowly started caressing and started kissing. Moved to dfk after a while. She is a good kisser, lot of tongue action. In some time she held my johny on her hands. He likes the action, went from soft to hard. I gave my attention to her boobs(bolt ons but perfect shape, size proportion for her body) . I moved down south and started licking her pussy. Its not trimmed well. But its easy to reach pussy lips after some work. She responded well, goes on for a while and was well lubricated. I continued and she seems to be enjoying well and started pushing my head hard towards her pussy. I become excited and gave more attention to her wet area. This goes on for a while and she got multiple orgasms with loud moaning every time. Encouraged to spend more time there. After sometime moved to 69 and she gave good attention to my erect dick. I have had best BBJ. This is one of them. But she did well. 

Then to start main action, she dom up and started with miss while kissing her and put legs on top of my shoulder and we both enjoyed the pleasure. In a min she's clearly tired and breathing heavily but co-operated well. Then I asked her for doggy. With a body like this, the way she positioned her for doggy was mouth watering. I gave some licking to her pussy from behind and she was moaning. Started action from behind, and seeing her from behind with solid ass pounding was a lovely treat for eyes. Finished soon, cleanup and shower. 

Clearly enjoyed the time with her. Positives are her rocking solid body(like 35's years old without any belly), boobs, DFK and her pussy responding at this age. BBJ is nothing bad but not the best.

Had good time with her. I'm feeling found a new regulars, but she seems like touring. Will check and report next time.


