Thread Title: Bella Hart - Sydney - 0413 959 955
Floor: #1
Post Time: 14th May 2014, 12:35 PM
Poster ID: at9257
Post Title: 
 Bella Hart - Sydney - 0413 959 955
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Bella hart

Establishment : Private Escort

Date of Visit : Feb 14

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Sydney | Bella Hart

Hours of Business : Daytime

Rates : $500

Age : 19

Size/shape : 10

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : Full Service

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

Comments:

Just wanted to add another feather in Bella's success cap with one more happy client.

I saw Bella when she was here in Sydney last month. Earlier I was bit skeptical to book her due to couple of reviews stating she doesn't offer DFK which I always look in booking but anyways went ahead and I'm glad that I saw her because not only she is good looking but she is very good as a person.

Booking took place at my recently vacant property which was completely empty and I really don't know why I did that as it turned out to be a bad decision in the sense it was hard to have sex on floor but Bella was all cool about it and really didn't made me feel that,"' where the fuck I have called her for an appointment"".

Bella is very good looking with sharp features, very long hair, superb tanned body and as other's mentioned in their reviews her pictures on her website really doesn't do justice to her.

Session started with lots of kissing and then she asked me would I like a condom for a blow job or I would like natural, which I thought was really sweet of her to ask. She gives amazing blowjob with lots of deep throat and eye contact. Sex with her was amazing too, started with cowgirl, doggy(she loves doggy) and ended in missionary.

After sex we had a very good conversation in general and really showed how humble and down to earth this young girl is. She is definitely very mature of her age. I have seen lot of young girls but Bella gave me one of the best experiences I had and I am sure in coming time she will be among the best working ladies we have in Australia.

I will absolutely see her again on her next Sydney trip or I will plan a trip on my own to see her in Gold Coast. She is gem of a person and fellow punters please do see her


