Thread Title: Betty Jordan - Sydney - bettie.jordan17@gmail.com
Floor: #1
Post Time: 30th September 2011, 08:59 AM
Poster ID: nights
Post Title: 
 Betty Jordan - Sydney - bettie.jordan17@gmail.com
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name :   Betty Jordan

Establishment :   Private

Date of Visit :   N/A

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :   bettie.jordan17@gmail.com

Hours of Business :    

Rates :   Claims to charge you $100 an hour after you sign up to an adult site


This is her Cracker Add: 
   

                                       			                         Hy Guys, my name is Betty, i m from Us, but recently moved to beautiful lands of Sydney. 
I am a former adult model , so i know what i am doing. 
Just quit my job a few months ago, and now i want to have a fresh start here. 
I m looking for real gentelmans, so please no 18-20 kids, unless you have good manners and know how to treat a lady. 
In my life i ve done many of my fantasies, and now, it your turn to do them. 
I like going with girls, too, and even threesomes, or group. 

We can also talk over the phone.However I will give you my number  once you contact me on my email. I can be however you want, and i love  submissive games. Let me be your master, or treat me as your slave. 
 Since i am new, my rates will be very low also, so if you want to  know me better on 10% of the price i will charge in near future, now is  your chance 
I can either come to you , or you can come to me, it s ok with me both ways. 
for the moment i m not doing anything else, so i ll be free everyday of the week, so you can contact me anytime you want. 
So, i ll wait for your email, i m sure you won t be dissapointed!


This is the response you get when you contact her: 

Hy, and sorry for replying so late, but i was away for the last 2 days, and honestly i didn t expected to recive so many emails.
Actually there are too many, so i have to sort a bit through them, as i can t date all.
So i would like to talk first a bit through emails, and then give you my phone number, as i had some bad experiences in the past
So, my usual rate is 600$ for 1 hour , 1000$ for 2 hours,and 3000$ for a whole day.
However since i am new here, i m willing to lower the prices, with 200$ , so instead of 600$ is 400$, and so on
Or i have another deal if you want.Since i ve worked in adult world i ve  made some connections in adult industry , and i ve made a partnership  with an adult site.
So if you would go to the site and sign up, and  pay 1 $ trial, they would pay me  around 300$ for each person, plus i  would feel more confortable,as i know you are a real person, which  really wants to meet me, and also i would be able to lower your fee with  another 300$, the money i would get from the site, so when we meet, you  would only need 100$ for 1 hour, so it s  a win win situation.
Reply, and let me know what you think of this, so we can speed this up, and have our first face to face meeting.
P.S This is my Facebook profile, if for some reason you think i am fake or anything else Bettie Jordan | Facebook
Kisses!

........................

Sounds like a hoax to me. If it was that easy for her to earn $300 per customer, then why not just take the money and run...


Floor: #2
Post Time: 30th September 2011, 09:03 AM
Poster ID: Xmin
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
agree, screams rip-off all over


Floor: #3
Post Time: 4th October 2011, 02:54 PM
Poster ID: devotube
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Absolutely, dodgy as a Nascar....


Floor: #4
Post Time: 9th October 2011, 12:22 PM
Poster ID: nights
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Update: This just arrived in my inbox. 

Hi i am Bettie from Cracke

Hy guys, Bettie here.
If you ve recived this email than you probably saw my ad on Cracker, and sent me an email.
I ve been very busy in the last days, and really didn t expect sch a huge response, over 852 requests.
Now i know i can t meet with all of you especially since some of the guys want  a few days  with me
At the moment i am in Sydney, at Shangri-La Hotel.
Before we go any furter please check my Facebook profile at Bettie Jordan | Facebook , so you can see i am genuine, also people replying to this email, will also get my phone number, and will speak to me
I can travel all around Australia, as long as it is worth it, i m mostly looking for longer comintments, but i guess i can also meet you for 1 hour
My rates are as following : 1 hour 400$, 2 hours 700$, 6 hours 1400$, 1 day 2000$, and a whole weekend,Friday 14:00 till Monday 12:00 will cost you 4000$
I can do role playing, real girlfriend, greek, domination games, etc, however we will talk more on the phone
Now since i am too busy and i can afford to lose time, i will need, after we talk on the phone, for you to deposit at least 10% from the value of the booking in advance in my bank acount.So.. that would be around 40$. It s not much , but it would help me see that you are a real deal.
If you don't agree with above terms, then please don t reply.
If you do agree, just reply to this email and ask me for my phone number, and after we talk on the phone, you will deposit the 10% required
Thank you , and hopefully, we will meet soon, promise you won t regret it!
Kisses


Floor: #5
Post Time: 9th October 2011, 06:22 PM
Poster ID: Luscious Leah
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
All I can say is lmfao good luck guys.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 11th October 2011, 10:09 AM
Poster ID: seeto
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
All I can say is Taylor Vixen from FTV

FoxHQ - Taylor Vixen Undies


Floor: #7
Post Time: 11th October 2011, 11:13 AM
Poster ID: exmelpunter
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Yup, scam written all over it. Thing is there are plenty of gullible people out there making her and others very rich for almost no outlay. Tgf this site at least. Rather than just a thread how about axr being proactive and emailing members or at least putting in the newsletter a warning about this and other scammers.


Floor: #8
Post Time: 11th October 2011, 11:24 AM
Poster ID: aviator1300
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Perhaps a new thread, or listing, should be intoduced for scams and other unscrupulous activities being perpetrated on the honest punters out there. No one likes to part with hard earned money for nix.


Floor: #9
Post Time: 11th October 2011, 11:34 AM
Poster ID: exmelpunter
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hi avi. Def a thread but that relies on people logging on and reading it. An email from axr would be more certain to raise everones awareness.


Floor: #10
Post Time: 12th October 2011, 10:23 AM
Poster ID: devotube
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by seeto


All I can say is Taylor Vixen from FTV

FoxHQ - Taylor Vixen Undie
"""



Well spotted, ST.


