Thread Title: Beverly - Bondi Junction - 0414 518 564
Floor: #1
Post Time: 23rd December 2017, 10:22 AM
Poster ID: Redal59
Post Title: 
 Beverly - Bondi Junction - 0414 518 564
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Beverly

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 22/12/17

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0414518564 escort reviews - 0414-518-564 pictures, rating - Sydney escorts

0414518564

Hours of Business : 11am - late

Rates : 500/hr pse

Age : 38

Size/shape : 10 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : BBBJ, FS, GFE, CIM, Anal

Value for money/recommend? : Maybe, YMMV

My experience/comments : 

So I decided to answer my own question on this lady, texting and booking her was very easy and her communication was very professional.  She clearly knows her way around the business.  

As it turned out when I turned up to Bondi and got the address it was the same one used by MS Slique agency girls. Though to be clear she is not working for Mila, she simply makes use of the space.  

She's quite attractive, though I'm aware that is usually in the eye of the beholder.  She definitely fits the milf type.  Some enhanced breasts (not my personal fave, but she makes no effort to hide what they are).  if you are after a super model type then she probably isn't for you.  

I found her down to earth and easy to get along with and if there was any fault with the service it was probably my personal preferences and perhaps not communicating exactly what I was after.  

We chatted much of the time made out (though I found the DFK and GFE aspect a little lacking), she has a a hell of a lot of energy though so the sex was hard and full pace. Cow Girl, Doggy etc, so much so we almost shook the bed apart lol. 

Tried anal but unfortunately my larger size made it next to impossible.  Credit to her though she did thoroughly prepare which is good to know.  Sadly my size also made her BBBJ rather toothy for my tastes but that is really my problem and I absolutely can't fault her effort, I'm sure for smaller guys you'll love it, she gave it 150%.  

She comes over from Adelaide to work for a week or two every month so Imagine she'll be around for a while.  Opportunities in SA for working girls are apparently thin on the ground given the legal situation there.  

As for me I think I'll be saving my money for a while and sticking with Ginza.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 23rd December 2017, 11:26 AM
Poster ID: Waldo
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Who’s Ginza, if I may ask?

W

p.s. nice review btw. She looks the perfect MILF, with emphasis on the ‘L’. Maybe it should be MIHF - ‘have to’


Floor: #3
Post Time: 23rd December 2017, 11:09 PM
Poster ID: Redal59
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Ginza as in the Ginza Club brothel in Surry Hills.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 24th December 2017, 02:41 PM
Poster ID: Waldo
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanx for that.

W


Floor: #5
Post Time: 20th August 2018, 01:03 PM
Poster ID: Chromehound
Post Title: 
 Beverly Valentine - Bondi Junction - 0404 505 595
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Beverly Valentine

Establishment : private

Date of Visit : May 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://scarletblue.com.au/escort/be...ne?city=Sydney

Phone : 0404 505 595

Hours of Business : 

Rates : 300/hr

Age : Late 30s

Size/shape : Tall, atheltic Aussie blonde milf

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : CBJ, FS, DFK

Value for money/recommend? : Yes I think so. In terms of quality, the best quality can be found at places like Ginza, alongside the expensive premium Scarlet Blue escorts, but Berverly was exactly what I was looking for at the time


Looks / Body: Well, she doesn't hide her face on her scarlet blue page, so feel free to check her out there
Personality: 8/10 outgoing, confident and friendly to talk to. Although a bit quiet at the start understandably since it was our first time together
Sex: 8/10 so so intense, I wish I slowed down a bit more to take it all in!
CBJ: 3/10 I'm so used to BBBJ, that CBJ just doesn't cut it for me
DFK: 8/10 quite passionate, I loved it a lot 
Overall: she was a good fuck, lack of BBBJ was disappointing, but she's amazing for intense sex with an older milf! I still prefer Ginza, since you get better quality at the same price, but a new experience like this is not bad at all

I found her originally through back page before it went belly up, mainly for filming. I don't remember how much I paid extra for it, but she was very open about it since she wasn't from Sydney so she didn't mind filming. Not only was I looking to film with someone, but I really wanted to meet a hot blonde milf, and so that's how I found Beverly. 

We first started out with a lot of kissing and I took my time to take it all in and explore her gorgeous body. She was a bit quiet at the very start, but as soon as she started she got REALLY into it. As a young guy in his early twenties, it's hot when you find an older milf with that type of sexual confidence and aura, I loved it. I let her take control when we started off with riding and she just grinded on top of me to set a slow pace for a while. I then picked up the pace and she went crazy, the dirty talk between us was on point, whenever I slowed down with my pace, she picked it up by thrusting hard in return. 

We then switched to a spooning position, so the camera which was on the side could take in the amazing view of her tits bouncing as I pounded her from the back intensely. It was felt so good too, railing her whilst being pressed up against her from behind, being able to hold onto her tits from behind, craning our necks to make out whilst at it too, all whilst rattling the bed as she kept talking about how good it felt to be fucked so hard. We then moved onto missionary where we fucked for some time, before I got tired and called it a day, where she made out with me passionately as she handjobbed me to completion. 

Overall I was pretty content afterwards, and loved the chemistry we built together. It was one of the most intense sex I've had, for sure.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 28th January 2019, 08:41 PM
Poster ID: vantim
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Beverly Valentine

Establishment : private Bondi Junction unit

Date of Visit : January 28 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Beverly 

Phone :0404 505 595

Hours of Business : varies

Rates : $300/hr

Age : 40

Size/shape : tall, voluptuous,extremely attractive

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian of European ethnicity

Services Provided : warm and friendly welcome upon arrival, active foreplay, passionate kissing, DATY">cunnilingus


