Thread Title: Bianca Rio - Waterloo - biancaderio@hotmail.com
Floor: #1
Post Time: 23rd December 2011, 06:00 PM
Poster ID: lone stranger
Post Title: 
 Bianca Rio - Waterloo - biancaderio@hotmail.com
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name :  Bianca Rio

Establishment :  Mysterious escorts

Date of Visit :  Friday

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :  mysteriousescorts.com.au

Hours of Business :   all hours

Rates :  450 one hour

Age :  25

Size/shape :  5'9" size 8

Nationality or Ethnicity :  South American

Services Provided :  FS, CIM,Greek

Value for money/recommend? :  absolutely

My experience/comments : 

XMAS SPECIALS... PORNSTAR EXPERIENCE WITH LOTS OF EXTRAS..... BRAZILIAN BLONDE...INCALLS AVAILABLE - Waterloo | Escort / adult | Erotic | Cracker

the cracker description got me interested. sounded like a real PSE with strange things on offer such as brown showers. it was easy enough to make a booking with her agent answering. they have a few girls in the stable, one of them being Naomi Kenya and this girl can do do double with her which would be a handful.
they have a nice apartment in Waterloo. i was pleasantly surprised to see her in the flesh. not the girl in the photos but very attractive with long blond hair and beautiful boobs with suckable nipples. she speaks very good english and is very pleasant but i'm sure she won't give the full PSE that is advertised. i mentioned that she was advertised as a porn star and she sounded surprised. she is definitely more GFE with extras. great BBj with DT. DFK from the start and realyy very ready to please. i went really for the anal which was great and i love it when they turn their head and look at you while you're giving it to her. she seemed to enjoy it but really got off on DATY and cowgirl. sex was covered but after all the sex i really wanted to come in her mouth. she was very obliging. i never saw her spit it out or use a tissue so i guess she swallowed some of it at least.
a very pleasurable experience with a lovely girl with a good attitude and i will see her again. the others on the website look good too. anyone seen any of the others?

another look at the photos and i think it may well be her. she is slimmer in real life with a great ass


Floor: #2
Post Time: 23rd December 2011, 10:21 PM
Poster ID: FriarFuck
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks for the review... Been thinking about seeing her


Floor: #3
Post Time: 24th December 2011, 04:31 PM
Poster ID: BadAussieBoy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Copy & paste of her Cracker ad:

A KISS FROM BIANCA RIO AND THANKS FOR VIEWING MY AD. 


(ANAL, SPANISH, COB, LESBIAN DOUBLE, RIMMING ALL INCLUDED. NO NEED TO PAY EXTRA) 



Attention gentlemen of Sydney! Be warned that this is the best experience you will ever have with a high class Sydney Escort. My name is Bianca Rio and it is my duty to bring a little bit of Rio de Janeiro into your sex lives. i grow up in Bahia and Rio de Janeiro Brazil and am now a student in sydney. 

I am a professional masseuse specialising in Indian and chinese and can rub you head to toe in a way you have never been touched before. I also specialise in tantra so dont assume an anything like your quickie neighbourhood whore. 

BOOK NOW! 
Contact my sexy manager Zara wilde at Premium Escorts Sydney - Mysterious Escorts 


Age: 26 
hair: Dark blonde 
height: 5'9 
weight: 60 kg 
breast: DD cup 
sexual orientation: Bisexual 
languages: portuguese, Spanish, French and English 
incalls location: Waterloo 
outcalls: sydney CBD, Eastern suburbs, parramatta area 

Services: 
I specialise in PORN STAR EXPERIENCE which includes but not limited to the following: 
passionate kissing 
Greek/anal sex 
Spanish 
Cum on Body 
golden showers 
Brown Showers 
couples 
stripe tease: Am a professional dancer with costumes and can entertain in a party. 
Lesbian doubles with sydney's favourite African escort Naomi Kenya 
straight doubles 

BOOK NOW! 
Contact my sexy manager Zara wilde at Premium Escorts Sydney - Mysterious Escorts 

Please note: All the above are included in my hourly rate and no need to pay extra. 

Rates 

1 hours: $450 
2 Hours: $750 
3 Hours: $1500 
4 Hours: $2000 
5 Hours: $2500 
6 Hours: $3500 
8 Hours: $4000 

Availability: 
Any time with one hour notice and also working over XMAS season 

BOOK NOW! 
Contact my sexy manager Zara wilde at Premium Escorts Sydney - Mysterious Escorts


Floor: #4
Post Time: 3rd January 2012, 06:56 PM
Poster ID: reggid
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
To the OP is this her? Cant be too many Brazilians with biggist cans offering Greek?

Bianca, Brazilian Escort, Sydney Escort, Australian Escort, Busty Escort, --Charmed Escorts


Floor: #5
Post Time: 14th January 2012, 08:00 AM
Poster ID: morethancurious
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Charmed seems like such a ripoff, does anybody use them?

MTC


Floor: #6
Post Time: 14th January 2012, 02:23 PM
Poster ID: inj3ctor
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Definately a rip off. Charlotte looks hot though. I would consider her


Floor: #7
Post Time: 15th January 2012, 01:28 PM
Poster ID: reggid
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by morethancurious


Charmed seems like such a ripoff, does anybody use them?

MT
"""



not much different to other agencies TBH and even the PWL on PG, not used them though. I recognised another $450 dollar "PWL" who is a whole lot more at charmed.


