Thread Title: Bianca  - St Leonards - 0417171548
Floor: #1
Post Time: 14th May 2017, 09:02 PM
Poster ID: mikej
Post Title: 
 Bianca  - St Leonards - 0417171548
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Bianca

Establishment : Pvt but maybe run by Bridget

Date of Visit : mid-may

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : BIANCA - Gym toned hot cougar- Incalls & Outcalls - Sydney escorts - cracker.com.au

Hours of Business : shrug

Rates : 280-300 ph

Age : 40+

Size/shape : size 6-8 quite thin and tall

Nationality or Ethnicity : Italian 

Services Provided : Rimming, DFK, BBBJ/DT, Anal, FS

Value for money/recommend? : depends on one's inclination

My experience/comments : 

Prologue:

I havn't fucked an Italian before and had my eye on Sonia in Gymea but she has disappeared. Bianca seemed to fit my requirements as I will looking for extreme PSE. She is ex-AH so you can dig up reports of her there. Easy to get to from the train station and is located in a modern apt building. The ads for Scarlett (Simone), Bridget (ex maggies) and Georgie were all taken from the same apartment. Contact is easy to make and Bianca responds by text in a timely fashion. I wanted and hour and inquired about anal and it was $100 but got her down to $50. Also her hourly rate went from 280 to 300 on her ad the night I saw her so be aware of this. I paid 330 in total.

Parode:

Arrived a little late, Bianca greeted me in her traditional manner of sticking her tongue down my throat. She was wearing heels, fishnets and a corset. Is very very tanned in an Italian way and quite thin and older than I anticipated but not unreasonably so. Slapped some money in the counter and she showed me to the shower. Apartment is modern and clean with two bedrooms. Cleaned out my asshole in anticipation of a good rimming. She is a bit out there and I don't think extended conversation would be wise.    

Episode 1:

Straight in to the action with more kissing and then she started sucking my cock. Made sure she drooled and got it really sloppy. Excellent execution with no teeth. She has quite a thin narrow face and I was surprised at this. There is something about her technique, the way she move her tongue which had me squirming. Got in a bit of deep throat but she does keep her hand at the base of my cock to maintain control. She moved down to my balls and then my asshole and literally buried her face down there rubbing her face all around my ass. I flipped over into doggy so she could service my asshole my easily and she slipped a cheeky finger in there but had her replace it with her tongue again while she rusty trombone'd me (my signature move). Finished up with the oral to move into the main event. 

Episode 2:

If a girl offers anal I always prefer the first time to be in her ass and this was no problem with Bianca. I had her lie on her back, legs over my shoulders  and with a bit of lub on by cock and I was in balls deep in her shitter. Having fucked taylor/Anastasia in the ass many times there was always a warm-up period and it was painful until she got use to it however with Bianca it was straight in. This girl can really take a pounding and I was really going to town on her asshole. I could see her face from this position and she was exhibiting no discomfort or even change of expression. Quite clean as well as we all know how messy it can be sometimes. After about 10 minutes of pounding I got her into doggy and fucked her ass hard, giving her butt a few slaps for good measure. I prefer PAWG for doggy but its still all good. Got her into missionary again with some more anal and pumped away. Decided to change it up and hit the pussy and surprisingly there was little difference in tightness. Shifted back to her asshole agains and despite Bianca urging me to blow in her asshole I couldn't.   

Stasimon

Quite exhausted at this time so got her to eat out my asshole while I jerked off then moved her mouth to my cock and I felt my self about to blow and I came on her tongue. She took it all, mumbled something and run to the bathroom and then came back and handed my some tissues. No offer of a second around but for me mission accomplished. 

Exode 

Cleaned up and had a smoke to chill and then was out. Cut short by about 10 minutes but I was late and she had another client coming up. She didn't shower so that a worry for those who like to DATY. Reflections: she is very hardcore is the LOS monger sense and very submissive in a way. If you are looking for PSE with no limits whom you can fuck her asshole for as long as you want with ATM then she is your girl. Still prefer Taylor because you can genuinely make her come. Personality very had to discern and there is a very transparent act going on with her fake compliments. Not very good at dirty talking at all and the best I've had is Sara at RCT. I find myself inclined to GFE and Helena is a far better pick but she works very irregularly.   

WIR: no, scratched the itch and time to move on. Would rather have a better emotional connection than extreme PSE. Maybe will try El on her discount days younger with anal and GFE. 330 is a lot but I did get anal.

@AndrewBlake - one more before I make gold???


Floor: #2
Post Time: 14th May 2017, 10:20 PM
Poster ID: Bluey651
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Sorry mate

Ignore funny post.


