Thread Title: Bianca - Parramatta - 0404 975 414
Floor: #1
Post Time: 21st August 2016, 01:43 AM
Poster ID: melboy
Post Title: 
 Bianca - Parramatta - 0404 975 414
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Bianca

Establishment: Private

Date of Visit: August 18th 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: 0404 975 414 | Apartment in Kendall St Harris Park | Cracker ad

Hours of Business: 24/7

Rates: $150 / $180 / $200 for ½hr / ¾hr / 1h

Age: Late 30s (advertised as mid 20s)

Size/shape: Seems weird to say this about an asian, but "stocky" is the word which springs to mind

Nationality or Ethnicity: Taiwanese/Vietnamese mix reportedly (seems plausible)

Services Provided: CBJ, FS

Value for money/recommend? Meh. Perhaps if vanilla asian milfs with an exotic heritage float your boat...

My experience/comments:

Decided to roll the Parramatta Privates dice again. Beginning to suspect they're loaded somehow . 

 Trawling through Cracker, and liked the look of "Bianca" from her photos and also noted CIM is an extra, so shot off a text enquiry. Am texted back on another number (0412857836) some 10 minutes later with "Hello, I am Bianca" and no answer to either question I asked. Grrr, not off to a good start! Communication does improve after this though, so I press on and an hour is booked.

Upon arrival at the supplied address a bit of cloak and dagger is required before finally getting the apartment number and I get let in to the security complex. Am met at the door by an older asian woman who I initially mistake for a mamasan or something - I ask her "are you Bianca" and she looks confused, but eventually I realise this is actually the girl I've booked - she shows me her shoulder tattoos (clearly visible in her photos) to prove it! I suspect her photos are about 10 years old or they've been well air brushed. 



Regardless, in th flesh she has an unusual shape for an asian - on initial glance she seems chubby, but I don't think it is actually fat, it is just she has a solid/stocky build. She's not a stunner but she's not ugly either, and had a cheeky, fun personality which makes me think she's gonna be a decent root.

Yet more confusion ensues when I am asked how long I want to stay, something which had repeatedly confirmed before arrival - I begin to suspect I've been communicating with someone else, perhaps a pimp, or perhaps one of "Bianca's" other personalities. I indicate I booked an hour previously and bizarrely "Bianca" then proceeds to try and down sell me to a half hour, something I'm reluctant to do given the pricing structure means this doesn't really save me much. By this point I'm teetering on the brink of walking, but I confirm that CIM is an option and her affirmative response stops me turning on my heels and heading for the exit.

I pony up the cash, hit the shower and head for the bedroom. "Bianca" is waiting for me in there and unceremoniously peels off her underwear, motioning for me to lie on the bed. To shake up her routine I instead push her down on to the bed  and give her a bit of a ravishing to get her warmed up. Tiring of this after a while, I roll over looking forward to some nice wet BBJ action. However "Bianca" has other ideas and reaches for her condom stash. "Whaaaat?! You said natural suck!" I say. "My english no good. Natural suck no good" she says. Aarrgghh! 

No point arguing, nor going back since play has already started, I try to make the best of things. Her CBJ is forgettable (all CBJs are forgettable IMHO), so I flip her through a bunch of different positions for the next half hour, all the while giving her a relentless pounding (a melboy special). Beyond urging me to cum, she does nothing to help by channeling her inner Princess (With Rules) - no fingering the pussy, no teasing her bumhole, very vanilla. Eventually I can see this is going to have to be a DIY job, so I pull out, rip off the raincoat and jerk off over her tits and stomach.

Reflecting, I think it is the false advertising which has made this punt seem worse than it actually was - expectations were set which were not met, leading to disappointment. Don't think this is "Bianca's" fault, it is whoever is doing her ads (clearly not her given she didn't even know what name she'd been given). Confounding that though is Bianca's general scattiness which overall has me thinking she might be playing a few cards short of a full deck.

Given what I know now, WIR? Nup


Floor: #2
Post Time: 27th August 2016, 02:40 PM
Poster ID: melboy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Now changed names to "Nico" and also now using two different phone numbers - 0404 788 664 and 0404 789 772


