Thread Title: Bianca - Parramatta - 0450 118 478
Floor: #1
Post Time: 25th July 2016, 09:31 AM
Poster ID: josh18
Post Title: 
 Bianca - Parramatta - 0450 118 478
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Bianca

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : July 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Ad is currently not listing, this is a google cache 


Hours of Business : Friday-Sunday

Rates : 250/400

Age : 26

Size/shape : Curvy without the fat.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Spanish

Services Provided : fs

Value for money/recommend? : Enjoyed, might not be everyone cup of tea.

My experience/comments : Saw this one pop up every now and then for the last few months. That ass right - could not find the pictures online so contacted her. Let me preface this by saying I like big ass but not in a bbw way, she seemed to fit the bill if the pics were real.

Turns out she works weekends only, which is why her ad was not always there so had a bit of trouble getting planets to align. Also she was not aware of the auto bump feature on cracker so her ads were rarely in the top five pages for area.

Booking was easy. I opted for 30 minutes, however after arriving 10 minutes late extended to an hour since she has noone after. After meeting/checking her out.

She met me at the door wearing a long sleeve short sweater, long enough to cover her up but not leave a great deal to the imagination. Her face was cute and she sported middle-back length dark hair with highlights. Looking the 26 she quoted, he waist was slimish and her bum nice and wide. A playful slap confirmed what her pictures seemed to say - it was firm, not flabby. Score.


In and out of the shower quickly and onto the bed. Chatted for about 15 minutes about some non-booking related stuff. When I checked my watched she mentioned not to worry about the time from chatting. Thanks.

Down to business. Sat face to face with her in my lap for some light necking before getting all her gear except her panties off. Enjoyed sucking on her nipples of enhanced breasts. Not overdone and hard. Without the work she would have looked a little imbalanced. Continued exploring at an unrushed pace while she trailed fingers around, working on getting me to attention. Lay back and she continued with a little cat bath, some more kissing while my hands were busy being filled with her wonderful cheeks. When I was almost up she put a rubber on and proceeded to give a teasingly slow bf with nice build up. I find a lot of girls just start going full bore when a condom is involved but bianca build up to it. Was quite nice with good suction and head twisting. Lying back on the bed with her ass in the air and my cock in her mouth was great. After a while I rolled off but motioned her to stay kneeling on the bed. Around behind her and proceeded to eat out her nicely smooth pussy. Not usually down for this but the view while she blew me really made me want to bury my head between her legs. Continued for a decent amount of time before getting on top and blowing in the dom in short order.

Relaxed on the bed with Bianca working on getting me back in action after a short break and some more chat. Turns out she may not be in sydney much longer, another month or so. To get back to full mast I asked for 69 and after getting fully hard again went for round two. Started with her on top (should have got her to do reverse cowgirl), then sitting up face to face with lots of eye contact throughout. Switched to doggy and rode her hard, enjoying handfulls of that ass during the final course. This is where I realised her ass is probably earned at the gym. A muscular back attested to deads/squats. At the end i knelt back and had her ride up and down on her knees. Blew again and we slowed down, stopping to enjoy my cock remaining inside while I deflated.

Overall I enjoyed it, maybe a bit pricey but I hard to see if her ass was realy. Had I not been impressed and met a fattie at the door I would have walked. Good to be surprised every now and then.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 25th July 2016, 09:32 AM
Poster ID: josh18
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
??S P A N I S H?? pretty Brunnette ?? hot ?? pussy wet ?? available now ?? - Sydney escorts - cracker.com.au

Had to remove this url to get the post to work.


