Thread Title: Bomi - Telpoea - 0406 762 655
Floor: #1
Post Time: 5th December 2016, 01:10 AM
Poster ID: Jivemonkee
Post Title: 
 Bomi - Telpoea - 0406 762 655
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Bomi

Establishment : Independent

Date of Visit : 30/11/16

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0406 762 655  ????100% pic or walk away???? Bomi ????Korean student ????@Private Apartment - Sydney escorts - backpage.com

Hours of Business : 11am-10pm

Rates : 180/30, 250/60

Age : 23

Size/shape : Slim, B cup

Nationality or Ethnicity : Korean

Services Provided : Full, bbbj, extras

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : I really wanted a punt this particular day. After a number of escorts didn't pick up or respond to my SMS, I got frustrated and almost gave up. I decided to give one more go and Bomi responded.

Within no time I was over at her place in telopea. I wasn't familiar with the area but it wasn't far from me.

Once I was at her place, I was glad to see that her pic was indeed real. Which is rare these days. She was kinda cute and innocent looking. We quickly discussed what I wanted and what she offered. I wanted an hour long blow job (natural) with a bit of sex towards the end - nothing like keeping your cock in a warm chicks mouth for that long.

She initially agreed but then changed her mind to 30 mins instead as it was too long for her. I agreed as long as it would be good bj. We then took care of payments. Not the best English but she very nice though.

After a quick shower, I jumped in bed with her completely naked at this point. She began kissing my neck and making her way down south. She teased me before getting to my cock which made me tense. 

She fondled with my nuts before my cock completely disappeared into her pretty face. She was very gentle and she loooved sucking cock. It was amazing, all the slurping sounds and the tongue flicking my knob. She sucked for about 25 minutes, she got tired and licked my balls a number of times. 

A few few times I was ready to blow in her mouth but I slowed her down. We went a little overtime towards the end. She got the dom on and we got into missionary which lasted for a few minutes. I came hard and we embraced for a little while.

Overall, a good gfe. Very lovely girl, cute Asian if that's what you're into. Don't expect a pse.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 5th December 2016, 11:17 PM
Poster ID: skaterboi
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Wow I saw these ads and because she looks just like this instagram girl:
https://www.facebook.com/joohee.kim2 
I just assumed it was fake. Will have to check her out.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 6th December 2016, 08:17 AM
Poster ID: CunningLinguist
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Shame you can't cum in her mouse:




			
				No cum in mouse and on face


Floor: #4
Post Time: 22nd December 2016, 05:03 PM
Poster ID: Ragnar
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
thanks for the review, has anyone else been to see Bomi?


Floor: #5
Post Time: 23rd December 2016, 12:08 AM
Poster ID: Samseven
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I haven't seen Bomi but I've seen Mina at the same location, a beautiful young woman - not a porn star experience but certainly a good girlfriend experience. 

Review here: https://auxxxreviews.com/forum/f100/...t=0406+762+655


Floor: #6
Post Time: 24th January 2017, 04:49 PM
Poster ID: josh18
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Bomi

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : http://sydney.cracker.com.au/FemaleE...tment/26357072

Hours of Business : 11-11

Rates : 180/250 +50 multiple shots

Age : Mid 20s

Size/shape : Thin. B Cups. Curvy

Nationality or Ethnicity : Korean

Services Provided : FS, BBBJ, see ad.

Value for money/recommend? : Not bad. 

My experience/comments : Have been visiting these koreans lately. Looks wise they have been good. Decided to try Bomi who is in Olympic Park now. I am not sure she is the same girl in the photos but she looks very similar, possibly with better breasts.

Based in Olympic park area her place was a bit difficult to find parking for due to construction and lack of mobile reception. Had to drive back down the road a bit to get apartment details before heading in.

Opted for an hour as I was keen for dfk/bbbj. This is a bit steep and will probably be the last time I try these girls because of it.

Showered together and got rubbed down. Nice clean apartment, brand new building, better than the one in Telopea.

Started on with kissing and she seemed to enjoy having her tongue sucked on. Progress to the bed for some more before working down her body. Some finger action leading into tongue which got her going, no fingers or tongue inside. Swap positions and let her have a go on me. Same deal, works down my body slowly on my cock before getting into full suck action. Nicer than Dabin who works at the same rates out of Telopea. Switch up to 69 for a while. Unrushed fun before slapping on a dom and ending it fairly quickly.

Go for another shower together and get a massage. At this point while I had enjoyed it I was not too interested in dropping an extra 50 on a second shot. After 10 minutes of massage I changed my mind. This time she went straight to 69 and got me up quickly while I gave her some attention. Progressed to some tongue which she did not object to this time. Kept at this for an exceptionally long time and felt my balls and ass getting wet from all her saliva. Nice and sloppy. Quite cute that she changed up the rhythm of her sucking to mine.

On with a new rubber and into missionary. "What is your fav posistion?" "Doggy". Ok do that. She moved around so she could watch in the mirror. I said nothing to start and she was even shy about it when I asked. Outlined why she liked it and what she liked watched in the mirror, pretty hot. Her english was much better than the others from this "group". Pounded away from behind for a while before flipping her on her side and straddling her lower leg. No idea what this is called but it goes deep and they seem to like it. Back to doggy to finish. She genuinely seemed to enjoy the session and commented about how quiet it was. Again I wondered if she would get more work if her prices were more in line with the area.

The second half was better than the first. Had another shower and cleaned up. Most showers ever.

I would not go back due to the price.


