Thread Title: Bossley Park - 0431 629 169
Floor: #1
Post Time: 25th November 2015, 05:26 PM
Poster ID: peekaboo85
Post Title: 
 Bossley Park - 0431 629 169
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Unknown didnt ask. Sorry i keep forgettig to ask

Establishment : Private house

Date of Visit : November

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : YOUNG SEXY AND HORNY !! Ready to please all your needs - Sydney escorts - backpage.com

Hours of Business : 10-3am


Rates : 30 mins- $150
45 mins - $200
1 hour - $270
2 hours - $500
3 hours - $800
Overnight - $3000++

Age : 19

Size/shape : size 8 / 5'4 / b cup

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : f/s

Value for money/recommend? : No

My experience/comments :

Ad from backpage:




			
				Hey guys im a young 19 yr old blonde beauty ready to please, im a petite sexy girl whos very eager to make your fantasies come true. im a very warm and passionate girl whos also very easy to talk to. I want to make your night the best night as possible, im very friendly and giving and have a great personality you will not be disappointed. i want to make u feel happy and comfortable, and to rock your world. Im bisexual. PLEASE NO TIME WASTERS I HAVE HAD TOO MANY PEOPLE BOOK AND CANCEL, ONLY CALL IF YOU WANT TO BOOK OTHERWISE TEXT ONLY PLEASE
Available 10am till 3am
TEXT ONLY PLEASE between 10am - 3am - 0431629169

ABOUT ME:
Nationality - Australian
Age-19
Hair - Long Blonde Hair
Height - 5 Ft 4

Ill only do Sex and BJ, Sex with condom always!, All positions, natural oral, Anal will cost an extra $50 In Calls - Outcalls are extra, will discuss when we text 
30 mins- $150
45 mins - $200
1 hour - $270
2 hours - $500
3 hours - $800
Overnight - $3000++
threesomes will be extra $$ again. 
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
			
		

Looking at the ad picture she looks attractive so sent sms and arrange time to meet her. She works from her place
15 mins away from Liverpool. At first glance when i arrived she was short and looked like she was under 18 like
16-17 yrs old looking at her. She assured me she was 19.

She took me to the backyard where i see a little caravan. Like all caravans small, tight not much space. Handed
over the $$$ for 30mins session, took off my pants and layed on the bed where she started to give me a hand job.
This is where it goes downhill, she doesn't give natural bj cos she scared she may catch something but it states
she does in the ad. She doesn't know how to put a condom on i was like huh ok i will just do it myself.
She pretty much a starfish in the sack. I definitely would not go back


Floor: #2
Post Time: 25th November 2015, 06:51 PM
Poster ID: spellbind
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Not liking the sound of the caravan lol.
Whats her body like? Belly fat? Breast size/shape?


Floor: #3
Post Time: 25th November 2015, 07:13 PM
Poster ID: milfplugga
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by spellbind


Not liking the sound of the caravan lol.
Whats her body like? Belly fat? Breast size/shape
"""



 Stuff that at those rates ld want better than a caravan only reason you would go back is if she was a platinum grade root ......... gee some WLs have got a hide


Floor: #4
Post Time: 25th November 2015, 08:19 PM
Poster ID: pseseeker
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Please tell us more about the caravan.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 25th November 2015, 08:35 PM
Poster ID: Tripod
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I don't think any 19 year old knows how to root properly. She sounds a little scared and out of her depth


Floor: #6
Post Time: 27th November 2015, 04:34 AM
Poster ID: chimera
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
The pictures did look like a cramped caravan must say her replies are poorly when asked to clarify just what is provided in her service.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 27th November 2015, 06:16 AM
Poster ID: SeaRay
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
The Photos were taken in a Caravan, being near Liverpool maybe it's a Viscount then again maybe her parents could only afford a Millard


Floor: #8
Post Time: 30th November 2015, 12:37 PM
Poster ID: hanijo
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
She wasn't working all of last week and this week... up in the central coast, sounds like schoolies haha


Floor: #9
Post Time: 10th December 2015, 11:42 PM
Poster ID: aussie_guy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : In true punting style, I never asked nor was I given her name

Establishment : Private WL

Location: Sydney, Australia. 10 minutes from Fairfield

Date of Visit : December 2015

Contact Details : 0431629169 YOUNG SEXY AND HORNY !! Ready to please all your needs - Sydney escorts - backpage.com

Rates : $200 30 mins/ $250 45 mins/ $300 1 hour

Age : 19

Size/shape : Tall, slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Caucasian

Services Provided : CBJ, FS

Comments:

[Skip this part if you just want to read about the sex]

The idea of punting still blows my mind sometimes. I mean I understand the concept of it which at its core is simply this. Pay money, receive sex. What amazes me is that you can actually pay money and get sex. I mean think about it, you contact a girl and then arrange a meeting time, turn up, hand over your money, and shortly after you will have your penis in her vagina. You were basically strangers just before this moment, and now you’re inside her. What amazes me even more is that you can turn up to designated places whereby you can be presented with a smorgasbord of girls to choose from, none of which you have met let alone talked to previously. Then you make a selection and pay the set fee, get taken to a room and then next thing you know, you’re having sex with this person. You are a stranger to this girl and you might not have said a word to her before choosing her to have sex, but here you are, taking your clothes off, knowing that in several minutes you will be engaging in sexual activity with this girl. 

Sometimes when I drive past a brothel I am reminded of this fact, which is that in that particular building and others of its type, I can walk in and get sex for a set fee, with a girl I have never previously met. There might not even be as much as a “hello how are you” to the girl before I have paid the mamasan, after which time I know that sex is a mere moments away. By the time I am able to talk to the girl, I already know at this point that sex is assured simply because I have already paid the set fee. The concept is still stupefying for me sometimes. I think this is part of the reason that I punt, to experience this phenomenon first hand.

So I come across this ad on Backpage and decide to contact the girl. We text back and forth and she seems to be quite hard to get a hold of. It takes me a while to be able to arrange a time with her; I consider bailing at one point because it seems so difficult. I mean why go to this much effort when there are plenty of other choices out there, I mean this is paid sex here. Eventually though I am able to arrange a time with her. She has increased her price from the time I initially saw her ad.
She gives me the address and it’s in Western Sydney. I make my way out there and am in a decent mood, enjoying the drive, knowing that soon I will be having sex with this girl in which I have had previous contact. My mind starts to wonder if I will be mugged upon my arrival. I quickly get rid of such thoughts and continue to enjoy the car ride. I arrive and call her and she directs me to her house. As I get out of the car and make the walk to her front door, I think to myself again, am I going to get robbed? As I walk up to her front door she sees me approaching and opens the door for me.

[Description of girl starts here]

As soon as she opens the door the first thing that enters my mind is that she’s the girl from the ad, my mind is relieved that I haven’t been scammed in that regard. She’s a fairly tall girl, about 170cm. She has long blonde hair which might be dyed, it has what appears to be streaks of red in it or something. She had her hair tied up so I couldn’t really see. She’s slim, pale skin, attractive looking face. She’s wearing what a typical young girl would be wearing when lounging around at home, basically leggings and some kind of t shirt type top. She greets me and lets me into her house. This is a private residence and upon entering I see that she was watching television and having a juice box while waiting for me. I immediately think who drinks from juice boxes anymore? It’s quite quaint. She leads me to the back of her house which passes through the kitchen where I can see some cooking on the stove. She tells me that we will be going out the back since she “doesn’t like to do it in her house”. In her backyard there is a caravan. She opens the door and I step inside. It’s small and cramped and messy. There is a bed but it’s smaller than a single bed. There is not a lot of room so I sit down on the bed and I see what appears to be cum stains on the sheets. I am guessing she doesn’t change the sheets to her caravan bed regularly. I am not really fazed at these turn of events, I came to have an adventure and it appears as though this is what is happening. I have never had sex in a caravan before so am slightly excited and intrigued by the fact that I am in a caravan, knowing I am moments away from sex with girl I have just met.

She opens the cupboard and hands me a condom. I have never had a WL do this before, typically the condom will be on the bedside table. Here I haven’t even taken my clothes off and she’s already handed me the condom. I put it on the bed and undress. She takes off her leggings and leaves her top on and lays on the bed. I lie down next to her, it’s a small bed but enough room for both us. She tells me that she now doesn’t do natural oral and it’s only covered oral. I tell her that I am ok with this. We make some small talk before I start to caress her boobs. She has A to B cup tits. I start to feel them through her top and then run my hand underneath her shirt. I ask her to take off her top and she says that she doesn’t like to take off her top during sex. I find this quite bizarre but I don’t question it since I am not sure what the reason is. She might be self conscious of her tits, she might not like to have them fondled or licked, who knows. I’m in a good mood so go with it. As I rub her breasts and belly she continues talking. I start to run my hand along her leg and she keeps talking. I then start to rub her pussy through her panties and she continues talking as if nothing is going on. No change in facial expression or body language. It’s like in a porn movie I once saw where the girl was a news reporter and guys came up to her and started feeling her up and she kept reading the news like nothing was happening. They eventually started coming on her face and she just kept reading the news. This reminded me of that. I was rubbing her pussy and she continued talking as normal, not a change in pace or tone or anything. Then I start to move her leg a bit and she spreads her legs a bit. Finally, we have movement. 

[Sex starts here]

I keep rubbing her pussy and she’s still talking as if nothing is going on. I ask her to take off her panties which she immediately does. Her pussy is lasered and nice looking. It’s smooth, soft and pink. I continue to rub it and 
she starts to give me a hand job as she continues to talk. Then she asks if I want to put the condom on. I grab the condom and put it on and she starts to give me a CBJ. It’s cramped on the bed so she leans over and starts sucking. I can’t see what’s going on due to her positioning but it feels ok. I am unable to get access to a lot of her body from this position so I just rub her ass as she is sucking away. She then tells me she is tired and I tell her to lie back down for some missionary. Her pussy is tight but I am unable to get into a good rhythm for some reason. I think it’s because of the positioning or something. I ask for doggy and I can’t really see what’s going on so I almost put it in her ass a few times. Her pussy is tight and I am getting some good thrusting happening in this position but it’s still not enough o get me over the line. I ask her to lay back down and I finger her a bit while looking at her pussy. I then fuck her a bit in missionary before I blow my load.

It wasn’t the best sex because there was no GFE at all. She is friendly though and doesn’t treat you with resentment. I am often afraid that a WL might have an attitude or that she’s having an off day and she just takes it out on punters because she is basically having sex with a stranger. This girl wasn’t like that at all. She was friendly and I even went over time, so she’s not a clock watcher. It’s just that there was no GFE at all and I am a GFE lover. The sex seemed fairly clinical and detached. It was unemotional sex in almost every sense of the word. It was literally pay money, have sex. As I got dressed we talked some more before I did the walk of shame back to my car. On the way home I thought about the punt and knew that this was one of the weirder or more interesting punts that I’ve had. In some cases it would be considered a waste of money but I try to think of it as an experience. Not all experiences are awesome; the ones that are mediocre or worse make you appreciate how good the awesome ones are. In this case it was just a bit of time and money lost. However, the effort wasn’t in vain. I didn’t get robbed, she was friendly to me even if the sex was emotionless, I got to have sex with a girl that I had previously not had sex with. Finally and foremost, is that now I can say that I’ve had sex in a caravan. Huzzah!


