Thread Title: Briney - Sydney CBD - 0449 741 239
Floor: #1
Post Time: 20th November 2015, 10:31 PM
Poster ID: slyguy007
Post Title: 
 Briney - Sydney CBD - 0449 741 239
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Briney

Establishment: private

Date of Visit:31/10/15

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: Phone 0449 741 239 Briney 22 yo, Big DD boobs, Available in CBD now - Sydney escorts - cracker.com.au

Hours of Business: anytime

Rates:$180/ half    250/hr

Age: 35-40

Size/shape: Average

Nationality or Ethnicity: Asian

Services Provided: Full Service

Value for money/recommend?: Not really value, was rushed and robotic. Would not recommend

My experience/comments:

Found this chick's ad on cracker. Her photos were of a young looking, fit bodied babe and caught my attention. Made a booking through text messages, very easy to organise. Was given address within a few texts. 
She's located at an apartment on George St so was easy to get too. Get given the room number once downstairs. I made my way to her room and was greeted by a an Asian female, who didn't look much like the one in the pictures. 
I try to tell her that she's not the one in the pictures, but due to her poor english skills it is hard to get my point across. I eventually pull out my phone and show her the ad with the pics and point out the girl in the pic has a tattoo of an arrow on her right wrist. She then tells me that earlier that day a friend of hers 'had drawn an arrow on her wrist with pen' and that it has since rubbed off. I'm smelling BS, but because I was toey a f**k, I decide to go it anyway. 
Anyway, I get my gear off and stand on the edge of the bed, she starts licking and sucking on my nipples like most asian escorts do these days (i think they must all tell each other this is what guys want or something. She puts a franger on staright away even tho i'm only slightly hard. starts giving me a blowy while i'm trying to reach around and touch her box. Just as i start to make progress with reachng her box, she stops sucking me and lays on the bed and tells me 'ok, now you fuck me'. 
I'm not even really fully turned on at this stage but proceed to start fucking her anyway. Some fake moans start coming out almost immediately, followed by, 'oh baby, i love you. come for me. i want your come now.' I've barely fucked for a minute and she's telling me she wants me to come already, and that she loves me WTF?!
I turn her over and go doggy for a couple of minutes during which she's clenching the fuck out of her box trying to get me to come all whilst fake moaning and telling me 'oh, i want you to come baby. come for me.' Its not really doing it for me, but i need to get a load off, so practically force myself to come just so i can end this dud root. I evenutally blow, get changed and walk out feeling pretty disappointed with the whole ordeal. I would'nt recommend Briney because the photos I believe are fake the service was below average.


