Thread Title: Brooklyn - Surry Hills - 0432 073 846
Floor: #1
Post Time: 26th October 2016, 02:38 AM
Poster ID: chandlerp
Post Title: 
 Brooklyn - Surry Hills - 0432 073 846
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Brooklyn

Establishment : Private (although some will know the Surry Hills address all too well)

Date of Visit : Start of November not sure exact date

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0432 073 846

Hours of Business : Late at night it seems

Rates : $300 per hour with extras

Age : 20

Size/shape : Petite

Nationality or Ethnicity : British

Services Provided : FS, BBBJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : 

Hi guys, 

Been a while since punts due to work commitments and found myself up late one night and in the mood. 

I found Brooklyn posting new ads online into the early hours of the morning, so thought I'd try my luck and messaged her shortly after 1am. 

She responded pretty quickly and we set up a time not too long after for 2am. 

I arrive at the apartment - it is a well known apartment (to me at least) in Surry Hills because I have seen 3 separate girls here recently. 

(Prior to leaving) I'm always dubious when I hear this address so I asked Brooklyn if she could verify I would in fact be seeing her - and she was only too happy to send some photos that aren't online. 

Arrived at the apartment in the dead of the night and ended up waiting nearly 15 minutes which I can only assume was another punter. 

It always turns me off a little when they book us so close together that we overlap - and I know he was a last minute booking like myself - because when I had spoken to her before she said she was free immediately. 

Anyway I wonder to the front door and am eventually greeted by another of the ladies who are working there that night, before Brooklyn finally comes down a few minutes later to fetch me. 

I'm sure a lot of you will know the address in Surry Hills - it's 5 stories I think - beautiful place with it looks like a bedroom on each floor. The owner must make an absolute killing from all the working girls that are there. 

Anyways we get to the top floor (thankfully stairs aren't an issue for me) and I have a shower. A few already used towels thrown in a basket which is a poor touch but Brooklyn is absolutely gorgeous (probably should've mentioned that before) so I don't care. 

I get on the bed and we start with very passionate kissing, which goes on for a few minutes before I instant she must take her nighty off. 

A few small tattoos around her body, with some nice perky and small tits, before she removes her underwear to reveal a nice shaved pussy. 

I'm not 100% into going down on WL until I'm in the actual booking - but I had no hesitation to go down on her instantly. I would've spent a good 20 minutes down there - she was absolutely delicious. Her hands sliding up and down her body, grabbing my hair, her noises - it was a great experience. 

When my jaw was screaming at me to stop because it would be permanently disabled if I continued - I moved myself up and continued some more DFK. 

Brooklyn than had me lay back on the bed so she could return the favour. 

It was a great BBBJ (not the best I've had - but very, very far from the worst) only wasn't up there as the best because she gagged a little too quickly and I was fearful she was going to throw up all over me!

She ended up getting on her knees and finished with CIM and swallow, and I went back to have a shower. (I note on her new ad she has CIM as an extra now)

There would've still been around 15 minutes left on the clock, and I was prepared to lay back down on the bed and have a chat with her for the remaining time. However when I got back out she was on her phone texting away which I can only guess was another client afterwards - and I didn't get the feeling that she wanted me to stay after I'd finished. 

I would see her again because her service was great - I just think she may be new to the industry (she did tell me that this specific day was her second day working here on Sydney.... don't know when you can ever believe a working girl when they tell you this though) so she might still have time to improve her overall appearance (ie the towels in the bathroom, overlapping clients)

Absolutely lovely young girl too so please don't let those couple of small things stop you from seeing her.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 27th October 2016, 08:06 PM
Poster ID: Fuzzynuts
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Found her Ad:
Hot & Sexy....!!!! Rockin Body and very Playful....!!!!!!! - Sydney escorts - backpage.com


