Thread Title: Brooke - Broadway - 0431 712 858
Floor: #1
Post Time: 29th March 2016, 08:16 PM
Poster ID: bigdickmalone
Post Title: 
 Brooke - Broadway - 0431 712 858
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Brooke


Establishment : Private


Date of Visit : Early Feb 16


Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Sydney - escorts - cracker.com.au
Telephone: 0431712858


Hours of Business : Contact for hours


Rates : $250 for half hour


Age : Mid 20s


Size/shape : Size 12 I think


Nationality or Ethnicity : Russian


Services Provided : FS


Value for money? : Yes

Comments: Taken me a while to do this review as had other things on. I was browsing BP looking for a quick punt when I came across Brooke's ad. Liked the looks of the pictures and the price was ok. She was offering all services at the price of $250 for half hour.

Contact was easy done via text (I think someone handles it for her an agency perhaps). We set up a time to meet. She operates out of a hotel on Broadway next to Kings massage. I texted her that I was there and she came down to meet me.

Brooke is on the plain side but I don't mind, gives me more of a GF feel to it. She is taller than average woman about 5' 8 or so and so just right for me. We get to her room, its very small and basic. We change cash and I go have a shower (another shit bathroom, its small and cramped with a well worn towel). She puts on some music.

After jumping out she is waiting for me in her undies. No lingerie, perfect  I grab her and start feeling on her breasts. She has large breasts but they aren't as perky as you'd expect on a mid 20s girl but still I enjoyed sucking on them. She then goes on to give me a CBJ for a while which is good. I then switch her to cowgirl and let her ride me, having the view of her breasts moving up and down turns me on even further. Change positions to miss, where again her breast captivate me. All good so far. Then switch to doggy, she has an ok ass and I hit it from the back real good, while grabbing her breast and she is enjoying it asking me to go harder and spank her. 

A few minutes of hitting it from the back and I'm about to cum so I ask her to turn around and open her mouth, I had been saving up my bigd juice so I spurted out a good load into her mouth. All done.

We chat while we catch our breaths, she tells me about her other job as a waitress and how much she enjoys Sydney. Chit chat as I wasn't going to waste my half hour on her or my life stories.

We rested for a few minutes then resumed round 2. Same situation, sucking me CBJ, then cowgirl then missionary then doggy but this time I ask her if I can fark her in her ass and she is ok with it. She grabs some lube and gently guides me in. We move slowly at first, getting her used to the D, then faster and faster and she moans for more. Finally ends with me cumming in her ass as the buzzer goes off. 

It was a good punt and I enjoyed myself. But I do think that maybe the $250 for half an hour was a bit much. $200 and I would be singing praises all the way.

Still Brooke was a good performer, she offered CIM, BBBJ and anal all at the price so yeah.

Looks like the current ad is down but I hoping she will be back as it seems she works sporadically.

Big D


