Thread Title: Brynne Ivy - Zetland - 0405 703 948
Floor: #1
Post Time: 2nd March 2018, 02:09 PM
Poster ID: Bob64
Post Title: 
 Brynne Ivy - Zetland - 0405 703 948
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Brynne Ivy

Establishment : Her apartment in Zetland

Date of Visit : 2-3-18

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :0405703948

Hours of Business : unsure

Rates : $350 per hour incall

Age : 27 at a guess

Size/shape : Long red hair, gorgeous smile, size 12-14, D size breasts, small in stature, porcelain white skin

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : CBJ, DFK, DATY, FS

Value for money/recommend? : Yes, very much so

My experience/comments : I was very lucky to meet this wonderful lady today. Organising was quite easy, just a few quick texts and all organised. She asked me what I would like in the session which was nice. I told her to wear what she is most comfortable with.
Easy to park where she is located, although she did say she is moving in about a week.
Text I had arrived and she gave me directions to her apartment.
Knocked on the door and I was greeted by a gorgeous young lady, with bright red lipstick and a stunning smile, I was invited in , we had a quick chat and exchanged monies.
I was given a towel and went off to the bathroom. The apartment is very nice.
Walked back into the bedroom and she was standing in some lovely blue lingerie, she smiled and we kissed, which was passionate, she is a very good kisser.
We stood at the edge of the bed kissing madly like long lost sweethearts, I slowly stripped off her attire while she played with my rock hard cock.
My mouth made its way down her neck and onto her breasts, her nipples were rock hard and her breathing was intense, she was making all the right noises.
I guided her onto the bed, we continued to kiss passionately, I slowly made my way down to her shaved pussy, where she spread her legs as my tongue danced up and down her slit.
Her breathing became more intense and her body tensed up, her moans became louder and she began to wriggle;e underneath my tongue and wrapped her legs around me. She came hard.
I made my way back up to her mouth and she said it was her turn to suck my cock.
She put on a condom and gave me a great CBJ, she worked her mouth up and down my shaft, sucked on my balls and dribbled saliva over my cock.
I could not take it any more and told her I wanted her to fuck me, she climbed on top and fucked me hard, her long red hair was going all over the place and she came hard again.
I rolled her over and pumped away with Brynne encouraging me and the 1st shot was gone.
Cleaned up and chattered about our lives.
Round two started with lots of kissing and I was down between her legs licking her tasty pussy again, with her moaning loading and buckling up and down under my mouth.
On with another dom and a great CBJ, she then climber on top again and fucked me hard until she came.
Rolled her over and banged away until the second shot was fired. 
We cleaned up and chattered again, we started to kiss passionately again, unfortunately time had run out and it was time to go to the shower.
I showered, got changed and off I went, a very happy man.
She is a great girl and I would see her again without question.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 13th March 2018, 07:24 AM
Poster ID: Bob64
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Brynne Ivy

Establishment : Hotel in Darlinghurst

Date of Visit : 12/3/18

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0405703948, she also is on scarlet blue and advertises on cracker

Hours of Business : not sure

Rates : $350 per hour

Age : 27

Size/shape : size 12, long red hair, c-d cup boobs, gorgeous smile, pale skin, very attractive, curvy body with an arse to die for.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : DFK, CBJ, DATY, full service

Value for money/recommend? : Very much so

My experience/comments : I knew I would be in Sydney again, so I sent Brynne a message and asked if she would be available on Monday morning, she quickly replied she would be and would be in a hotel in Darlinghurst.
I knew parking would be an issue, however it wasn't as bad as I thought, found a spot on the street, one or two streets away.
Brynne had text me to give the room No and to say the room was basic.
I easily found the place and walked up the stairs to her room and knocked on the door.
I was greeted by a gorgeous red head, wearing a nice dress, which hugged her curvy body. She has a wonderful smile, that makes you feel at ease.
She gave me a big hug and kissed me passionately, I was hard already just from her wonderful kisses.
The room was nice, it was small, but clean and adequate, great bathroom and shower.
I git undressed, exchanged monies and had a shower.
Came back into the room and found Brynne waiting for me with a big smile, she lifted her dress up over her head and we kissed like two horny teenagers.
She has a wonderful curvy body, she pulls you in close and is such a wonderful kisser, my hands were wandering all over her smooth body.
I un-clipped her bra, kissed her neck and made my way down to her firm boobs and hard nipples, her breathing was becoming heavier and heavier.
She grabbed my cock and rubbed it against her body, I pushed her back onto the bed and peeled off her undies.
WE kissed passionately and I made my way down to her smooth shaved pussy and licked slowly, Brynne arched her back and moaned, she moved gently under my tongue as her legs wrapped around my head and shoulders and she held onto my head, making sure my tongue did not leave her pussy.
Her breathing became more intense and her gentle rocking was increasing, her moans were becoming louder and louder until she collapsed back onto the bed.
I made my way back up to her gorgeous face and kissed her and said, I think its time we fuck, she smiled and shook her head, grabbed a condom.
I entered her easily in missionary, she wrapped her arms and legs around me  as I pumped away and let me know she was enjoying it, I knew I couldn't hold on for much longer and the first shot was gone. We laid together kissing and hugging each other.
Clean up and a chat and then round two, with lots of passionate kissing and DATY, Brynne put another condom on me and sucked my cock, she has a wonderful tongue and was driving me wild.
Brynne climbed on for cowgirl and rode me like she meant it, she looked so hot with her read hair going all over the place, she came hard on top of me.
I rolled her over and she wrapped herself around me again and we were in a perfect rhythm. The bed started moving away from the bed head as we became more intense and I could not take it anymore and the 2nd shot was gone. We laid together kissing and hugging each other once again.
Clean up and other chat, it wasn't long before we were kissing passionately again, I made my my way down to her wonderful smooth pussy and licked away, while she wrapped her legs around me and encouraged me to keep going. On with another condom, she sucked my cock and had me rock hard again, she climbed on for cowgirl, then we swapped to doggy, she has an arse to die for and I was tempted to spank it, but I will wait until next time. After a while I got her to lay down and we tried caterpillar, this allowed me to kiss her down her neck while my rock hard cock was enjoying her wonderful pussy, Brynne let me know she was coming and we laid together all sweaty, we rolled over and I entered her easily in missionary, the bed was all over the place, pillows were every where, but we were both enjoying ourselves. I could feel the build up happening and shot 3 was gone and I was spent. We laid together just softly kissing.
We chattered about life again and then I went and had a shower and got dressed.
Brynne is such a wonderful girl, very intelligent, funny, sexy and engaging. She is very easy to talk to, she has a wonderful smile and puts you at ease straight away, after all that she is a fantastic kisser.
Gentlemen and ladies of Sydney, do yourselves a favour and contact this hidden gem, she is very easy going and will have you feeling wonderful.
I know I will most certainly be seeing this gorgeous red head again.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 13th March 2018, 08:26 PM
Poster ID: jono87
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I'be been following this lovely lady twitter for a while now, I'll have to make time for a booking soon. Thanks for the review dc61 and reminding me what I'm missing out


Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk


