Thread Title: Cindy - Homebush - Wechat
Floor: #1
Post Time: 31st May 2020, 07:35 PM
Poster ID: alphaomega8384
Post Title: 
 Cindy - Homebush - Wechat
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Cindy

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 28 May 2020

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Wechat, Homebush

Phone : Wechat

Hours of Business : 11AM to 10PM

Rates : 200 per hour

Age : early 30s

Size/shape : Fit but not too slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : DFK, DATY, BBBJ, FS

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

I continued to be horny and was mucking around with my wechat contacts. I had added one of the ladies I had visited at a shop in my wechat.

She replied confirming she has started working privately and is in Homebush currently. We scheduled a time and since it was very close to me, I decided to continue. Considering she has been one of my favourite in the shop, I didn't hesitate either.

Parked on the kerbside and walked into the apartment reception. Buzzed me in and she invited into her apartment. She mentioned that it has been quite hard/ slow considering the shutdown but she has spent the time resting and sleeping. After a nice litttle chat, I showered and came back to bedroom. She was dressed in her PJs and normal dress. It was quite nice to visit lady at her home in regular fashion. Adds the authenticity of a GFE. We cuddled for some time and started playing with each other. I asked her not to undress in a hurry. I wanted to keep that feeling of being normal and not come to meet a working lady. I slowly explored her pussy through her PJs and one hand squeezing her boobs through her T. I slowly pulled her PJ down and with my teeth, pulled her underwear down as well. Cindy has a beautiful maintained pussy as always. And clean including her arsehole. I didn't wait for any further invitation, started eating her pussy like a hungry animal. She was moaning quite heavily, and having known Cindy for some time now, she thoroughly enjoys my licking. She kept pulling her pussy lips up guiding my tongue where she would love it to explore. She also lets me put my finger in her arse while licking her pussy. After a proper dining for nearly 10 minutes or so, I go up to DFK which she loves a lot. We eat each other's mouth, lips, tongue - you name it as if we were long lost friends. She then let's me on my back and proceeds to such my dick. Slow and steady and deep, she takes her time to treat me like a king. After some amount of sucking, she dresses me up to start with a reverse cowgirl position. Slowly motioning my dick into her tight pussy, she moves up and down. After some time, I take control and bring her down for missionary position. I kiss her deep while making love. She reciprocates, with no reservations. This is why I love going to cindy. She just love anything and everything with me. We make love slowly while making out for proper 15 minutes. I was spent by then and unloaded into the Dom. Left my dick in her pussy while we cuddled for some time. Probably even slept off for few minutes. By this time, we had lost track of time. And since it is not a venue, there was no one to hassle us out as well. Moreover Cindy is not in a rush either. 

After cuddling for some time, I went to take a shower. She followed. After chatting for some time, I decided to leave. For some reason, she didn't really want me to leave but I had to due to some other commitments. I will keep going back to Cindy, wherever she is and as long as she keeps in touch with me. All in all, no surprises, after proper couple of months of no sex, this past week has been one of the best on long long time. Thank you Cindy.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 31st May 2020, 07:57 PM
Poster ID: Stroke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
wechat ID would be helpful please, as others may wish to book her.


