Thread Title: 59 York Street (was Madam Leona's) - 57- 59 York St, South Melbourne - 03 9690 5977
Floor: #1
Post Time: 6th June 2010, 04:33 PM
Poster ID: Doodsy
Post Title: 
 59 York Street (was Madam Leona's) - 57- 59 York St, South Melbourne - 03 9690 5977
				
Post Content: 
Popped in here for a look just the other day. Only 2 girls on. Both very attractive. However, the 2nd girl, "Crystal" was drop-dead gorgeous...your typical korean fuck-doll....tall, slim, long legs, nice B cups (natural) and a heart-breakingly beautiful face....wow was she gorgeous...was a very easy decision.

She's new to the scene here in Melbourne, and her service would indicate that this was certainly true. The korean girls in particular seem to come here with an idea of pretty much anything goes. This seems to change after they've been here a while.

However, with Crystal, pretty much everything was on the menu at no extra cost. DATY, DFK, BBBJ and when i enquired about the possibility of CIM, she smiled and agreed without hesitation....what fun!!

She actually seemed to enjoy the CIM finish, and as I was standing there, with Crystal on her knees, sucking like a hoover, she would stop every now and then, look up at me with her beautiful eyes and doll like features and say "Gimme, gimme,".....was certainly a huge turn-on, and had me reaching the finish line, where I donated my man-juices to her mouth, which she then spat into a re-sealable plastic bag which also contained the used dinger and some used tissues....maybe she keeps these as trophies?....not sure, but she seemed to be taking great care to seal the bag properly....

At $265 for the hour, it's a bit steep, considering this place is such a dump, you wouldn't board your dog there...but Crystal was worth every penny.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 20th June 2010, 09:50 PM
Poster ID: Biggles
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
You are a champion Doodsy. I have never been to Madam Leona's Dump, but your review made me ring them up this arvo to ask about Crystal. Surprisingly she is still there, but was due on at 6pm, too late for my raging whoremoans. So something for me to dream about,

cheers


Floor: #3
Post Time: 21st January 2011, 01:19 PM
Poster ID: YMCA
Post Title: 
 Tina 59 York
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Tina

Establishment (if applicable):ML 59 York st

Contact Details/Address:59 York street south melb

Hours of Business: (if known or applicable)

Prices:$260 hr I think

Age:??

Size/shape:8-10 nice full ass

Nationality or Ethnicity:k

Services:BBBJ DATY GFE RIMMING DFK

Value for money/recommend?: yes

My experience/comments:

I had Tina when she was Bibi at 122 Dynon (TT) once before but didn't RTF coz no BBBJ, DATY or DFK that time. Picked her out of 59's line up coz of her height(tall), dark tanned skin and cheeky fun personality during intro. I recognised her as Bibi when she entered the room.

Normal scrubdown by Tina in the shower but no BJ in shower. Cat bath with loTs of focus on ears, knees, behind the knees and arse whick I find all very arousing. Flip and she goes straight into a rough BBBJ but the passion and suction was missing. No attention at all to the balls. Start with CG with all the usual moans and groans. DFK begins which I love including her biting my neck. Change to missionary for a hard and fast pounding. This girl can take a pounding. She request "lick my (her) pussy" to which I oblige. I think this request was so she can have a rest and get out of the hard work of fucking..which I don't mind. She fakes an Orgasm - i think. Finish off with doggy and cum in pussy (capped). Not allowed to come on her body wtf??.

Overall achieved the desired result but when I think of it her service is more a professional service rather than a true GFE. I would recommend her once for the rimming and neck biting/DFK but I would not RTF a second time.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 7th February 2011, 09:05 AM
Poster ID: freddy5440
Post Title: 
 Ivy 59 york st south melbourne
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name:IVY

Establishment (if applicable):59 York st South Melbourne

Contact Details/Address:

Hours of Business: (if known or applicable)

Prices:$200 /45mins

Age:did not ask

Size/shape:165cm petit with large boobs for a Korean which seemed natural

Nationality or Ethnicity:Korean

Services:Catbath,BBBJ,DATY,DFK,FS,GFE

Value for money/recommend?:YES

I chose Ivy from the line up because the way she smiled and i was not dissapointed.
When she came into the room she greeted me with a DFK and a thank you for choosing her.
We showered together and onto the bed for more DFK and then the catbath.Ivy is a bit mechanical with her service but this is not unusual in Korean places.Lots of moaning and plenty of toungue work then onto BBBJ which was a bit light but still with enthusiasm.She then moved onto ball licking which she is an expert at.I then rolled her over for some DATY which she loved and seemed to get of on.Then FS to completion.All the time there was DFK during intervals.
Ivy has a beaut set of tits which are very sensitive as she has almost inverted nipples but once arroused become quite long and solid.
Overall very GFE and good service
Would I return Yes


Floor: #5
Post Time: 8th April 2011, 12:13 AM
Poster ID: matt
Post Title: 
 Lucy @ Leona's
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Lucy

Establishment : Madame Leona's

Date of Visit: 7 April

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: 59 York St, Sth Melbourne

Hours of Business: not sure!

Rates: 30 mins $140

Age: 22

Size/shape: size 6, 5ft 6" gorgeous

Nationality or Ethnicity: Korean

Services Provided: BBBJ

Value for money/recommend?: Yes, very much

My experience/comments: This girl has a massive tattoo across her back and stomach, didn't go for it at first but then, she made up for it with awesome qualities, top figure, great smile and sweet nature.  Don't take me word for it!  She's only in Aus for two weeks, so very eager to please and fresh!


Floor: #6
Post Time: 19th May 2011, 05:27 PM
Poster ID: dalray
Post Title: 
 59 York Street
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: 
Lily
Establishment : 59 York St South Melbourne

Date of Visit: 
4 May 2011
Contact Details/Address/Weblink: 

Hours of Business: 

Rates: 
$210 per hour (late afternoon)

Age: 
About 21

Size/shape: 
8

Nationality or Ethnicity: 
Korean

Services Provided: 
FS BBBJ, Catbath.

Value for money/recommend?: 
Price was ok but service was very routine.

My experience/comments: 
There were 5 girls in the lineup, all very pretty with great bodies. The papsan just says their number in the intro and they say hello. Hard to know who is best. Recall some favourable reviews on Lily on another site and papasan suggested she was the best. Could have picked anyone they were all honeys.
Lily seemed very friendly and after the shower we hopped on the bed. A 30 second catbath followed - nor AR or anything like that. She asked me to turn over and front catbath for another 30 seconds followed, before she started on the BBBBJ - was only ordinary and only took about half of it (I'm only average size). This only last about 2 minutes before she wanted to put a dom on. 
I wanted some 69 action but she said she didn't like it very much but still let me suck her clit and toungue her for a few minutes.
She then wanted the FS. In missionary position first. Tight pussy and felt good but the fake moans started nearly straight away. After some doggy, CG and RCG she seemed to just want me to finish. Wouldn't do CIM so I shot my load over her fantastic tits (had a boob job but they look great).
After a nice and friendly chat for a few minutes I had my shower and left.
Wouldn't choose her again as the other girls look just as good and I'm sure would provide much better service.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 1st June 2011, 05:46 PM
Poster ID: dalray
Post Title: 
 57 York St, South Melbourne - 03 9690 5977
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Daisy

Establishment : 57-59 York St Sth Melb

Date of Visit: May2011

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: 

Hours of Business: 

Rates: $220 per hour

Age: mid 20's

Size/shape: about an 8

Nationality or Ethnicity:Korean 

Services Provided: AR,BBBJ,CIM,69,FS

Value for money/recommend?efinately 

My experience/comments: Called in recently and selected Daisy from the lineup (previous reviews on daisy were pretty good).
Very attractive girl with a great body. Personality was really friendly and although her English was only ok we were chatting away.
She showered with me and gave my tackle and arse a really good working over - thought there might be a bit of AR shortly.
Certainly wasn't disappointed. After a brief cat bath (which doesn't really do anything for me) she asked if I was ok for some arse action. Of course I was. 
Got a great AR which seemed to go on forever (not as intense as the famous Veronica - elsewhere) but didn't want her to stop. Eventually needed some work done on my dick and I turned over. She started on the BBBJ which was also fantastic. She was happy to switch in some 69 action and she came on my face after a few minutes.
Then into the fucking. She stated CG first and then we switched to missionary and then doggie.
Give her a bit of AR but she said she wasn't to keen on that.
I asked her if I could CIM - she seemed to think that was normal (wish my Gf thought like that).
She took the condom off and started on the BBBJ again. She is really good. It didn't take me long to cum in her mouth and she wasn't in a hurry to spit it out like some others do.
After another shower she helped me dress and gave me a big hug on the way out.
Really nice girl and will definately go back to see her.


Floor: #8
Post Time: 23rd June 2011, 02:17 AM
Poster ID: kiril
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name:  Daisy

Establishment :  59 York

Date of Visit:  20/06/2011

Contact Details/Address/Weblink:  59 York Street South Melbourne 9690 5977

Hours of Business:  Late afternoon until 6 am 

Rates:  $260 per hour

Age:  25

Size/shape:  Slim, B cups, size 8

Nationality or Ethnicity:  South Korean

Services Provided:  DFK, Rimming, 69, BBBJ and CIM (Full service available but not taken on this occasion)

Value for money/recommend?:  Costly rates compared to other venues but well worth it if you love BBBJ

My experience/comments: (Here you must give at least a general description of the experience which you have had - 25 word minimum is required to give fellow members an idea of time spent - "Ill be back" or "good value" is not a sentence or review. )

I tend to avoid South Korean WL's because I find them to be mechanical and pretentious.  However, I like to keep an open mind and visited Daisy after reading Dalray's post.  Daisy is average in looks compared to the many beautiful girls at "59 York" but beats them all when it comes to being kind and genuine in nature.

Daisy and I laid on the bed after showering together.  We enjoyed each others company as we cuddled and kissed for a while.  Daisy guided my hand towards her pussy to reveal how wet she was..my goodness my fingers got sticky playing with her!  I then lifted her up into 69 and could view a trickle of juice flowing out of her pussy into my face.  Daisy could not hold on and violently came within a minute.  She asked to rest for a moment and we cuddled up again.  After a few minutes Daisy came back to life and began a very wet BBBJ with spitting, ball licking, AR and amazing deep throat.  There was about 45 minutes left in the session and I told Daisy that her BBBJ was that good that I did not want to have sex at all (oral only).  Daisy said she loved to give BBBJ more than sex and wanted to give me oral for the whole 45 minutes if I could last the distance.  I laughed and said I will try...

The next 45 minutes was some of the best BBBJ I have encountered.  Daisy shifted between BBBJ methods of deep throat, shaft and tip licking, ball sucking and licking, AR, spitting and wet HJ to keep me hard throughout the session.  I warned Daisy that I cum in massive spurts and she just encouraged me to cum hard.  Daisy heightened the pace of her HJ and the first few spurts of cum were like a sperm whale shooting out of its spout.  The first shots flew over Daisy's shoulder some hitting her in the forehead and going up her nose.  Daisy then gobbled the rest with CIM and eased back to let a few more shots land on her chin and lips.  Daisy was amazed and described the feeling like a shotgun blast.  Unfortunately, there was insufficient time for a massage which would have been quite relaxing.

At this moment the buzzer went off and we showered together.  If you're fetish is BBBJ and CIM then I recommend Daisy to blow your mind.  Thanks for reading.


Floor: #9
Post Time: 18th December 2011, 04:48 PM
Poster ID: maddhatter
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Mina

Establishment : 59 York St

Date of Visit : 14/12/11

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 

Hours of Business :  10am till late

Rates : 250/hr

Age : 25-30

Size/shape : Slim, 170cm, aa-b cup

Nationality or Ethnicity : Korean

Services Provided : FS, DATY, HJ, 

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : 
Dropped into 59 York around 10.30pm on a wednesday night, didn't seem too busy as there was about 12girls available... 

In the lineup there was quite a few hotties.. but Mina looked like what i was after tonight.


She is tall and skinny with a small chest... quite an attractive face.. i would say she is late 20's... always hard to pick with these girls.

In the room Mina setup the room while i was in the shower, she went in after me.

On the bed we lay there and fondeled each other while trying to make conversation... it was a bit of a struggle as her english was very poor. I sucked on her long nipples and eventually made my way down for some daty.

Spent quite a while on daty and she seemed to like it.. after a while she was very wet and let me finger her quite alot.

After this it was on to some mish for me to finish off for the first round. While in mish i went in for a kiss on the lips but she turned her head to the side... guess no kissing on the cards. Ohh well.

After she cleaned me up we lay there for a while chatting. I was ready to go again but was a bit tired.. so i told her to get on top... she put the condom on but the buzzer went... so instead she finished me off by hand



All in all it was a good punt... if i was there again an nothing else interested me i would take her again


Floor: #10
Post Time: 13th April 2012, 01:11 PM
Poster ID: tekorling
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Kelly

Establishment : 59 York St

Date of Visit : 30/03/2012

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 

Hours of Business : 10am till late

Rates : 195/45mins

Age : 23-26

Size/shape : Slim, tall, sharp features, c cup

Nationality or Ethnicity : Korean

Services Provided : FS, DATY, HJ, 

Value for money/recommend? : not really, just okay

My experience/comments : i chose kelly because she is one of the hottest available girl around. tall, fair skin, nice boobs, long hair, sharp face features, like a korean mtv chick. came knock into the room and was very nice and friendly. However everything was very mechanical and choreograph, not much of a GFE experience. shower together, nothing much special going on. proceed to cat bath, very ordinary. I must say she has very nice body and skin. everything smell good. went for daty, nice and sweet. ass was very nice and clean. booked her for 45 mins and bang her for abt 30 mins, lots of fake moaning, seems like she can't wait for the session to be over, but no complains, she was playing along all the while. finish up, shower hug and a kiss goodbye, all not very natural. seems like she is told what to do kind of thing.

my suggestion is, the prettiest looking might not give the best service most of the time. I saw quite a few okay looking ones, looking very horny. should have gone for those!


Floor: #11
Post Time: 2nd August 2012, 02:18 AM
Poster ID: tekorling
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jenny

Establishment : 59 York St

Date of Visit : 31/07/2012

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 

Hours of Business : 10am till late

Rates : $140/30mins

Age : 25

Size/shape : tall

Nationality or Ethnicity : Korean

Services Provided : just straight boring sex

Value for money/recommend? : no

My experience/comments : disappointed. whole thing was very textbook "like" and mechanical. i just can't wait for the session to end after 10 mins. tho, jenny is actually very cute, adorable, friendly. but service wise, very inexperienced. does not allow kissing, no daty. hmmm


Floor: #12
Post Time: 6th November 2012, 03:21 PM
Poster ID: Whatakonk
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Coco

Establishment : 59 York St South Melbourne

Date of Visit : October 29,  2012

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 03-9690 5977

Hours of Business : 

Rates : 240 per hour

Age : 20’s

Size/shape : 175 cm tall, very slim,  A cup ( barely),  volleyball player body

Nationality or Ethnicity : Malaysian Chinese 

Services Provided : BBBJ, Daty, Light Kissing, GFE

Value for money/recommend? :  Yes


Was wandering the neighborhood, checked the rosters at the Harem, Pink Palace that both confirmed why I prefer the Asian shops. 

Decided to continue the stroll to see what 59 York had to offer that evening.

Was hoping Sara was back, but alas, she is gone, but maybe coming back (according to the Boayasan).

Was around 10 pm and there was quite a lineup available, probably a dozen girls.
The parade went by in an eye blink left me totally undecided.

Chatted with the Boyasan  more, and narrowed down my preference , experienced FS lady and not a Korean princess or starfish.

He suggested I try Coco who might meet my expectations, and has some similarities with Sara’s service.

Now Coco is a little unusual.  Very cheeky, very tall and very slim.
I am tall so I thought this might be fun.

Into the room and sorting out the fee (45 Minutes).

Coco soon came back and shuttled me to the shower for a fun scrub down, teasing and laughing I soon realized that his girl was outgoing and fun.

Coco hails from JB across the water from Singapore, her English is excellent and she is quite an intelligent worldly young lady.
 Must note that the shower was small and cramped and we were in an embrace trying to wash and fool around.

Soon we were on the bed and I was enjoying the chat with Coco and she was having a giggling fit when I was caressing her and massaging her back,  cute bum and those long legs.

Coco has the longest arms, legs, fingers I have seen for a while on an Asian woman.
Her face is Chinese Malay, cute with a permanent cheeky smile  (she could probably could benefit from getting braces). 

I went to work kissing this lanky doll and found that her very small breasts with perky nipples were very responsive.  

Kissing her breasts and stomach I worked my way down and Coco opened up those long legs to give me a good view of a nice dark pussy that was inviting my closer attention. She was fingering herself and I was able to have a taste test by licking those long fingers. Her pussy hair was partially shaved, cropped  with a tuft of hair protruding at the top of the triangle.

A very prolonged DATY session unfolded and Coco’s pussy was a delightful tasting dessert. 
Coco was withering and moaning and I lost count, but she had a series of orgasms. This lady was on a roll. Out of time I extended the session for another 30 minutes.

Had a short break and soon Coco was prancing and singing back to bed.  After she finished her song, it was my turn for some indulgent fun.  Coco was caressing, nibbling and kissing me up and down and working her way to my balls and cock.  She continued with a nice long BBBJ that was quite skilled. This girl was very horny that evening. I was rubbing her clit while she was gobbling my Johnson, and Coco taking breaks to have another orgasm.

Not wanting to blow and really wanting to have some lanky sex, we moved into a series of positions and pumped away for a good while and finally I exploded in this maiden (well into the dom).

After catching our breath, more caressing and chatter then the decision to leave as my budget was exhausted.
 I could have stayed longer as we seem to be getting along and having fun.

Back in the shower together, cuddling and teasing.

Coco is fun, and maybe she is not everyone’s cup of tea, being she is so tall and slim.
But I like variety.

Dressed and saying goodbyes, I gave her a tip, and she asked me when I will visit her again.
I absolutely will.


Floor: #13
Post Time: 3rd December 2012, 03:54 PM
Poster ID: tiny tito
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
sounds like a winner there


Floor: #14
Post Time: 3rd December 2012, 08:30 PM
Poster ID: maxdeasey
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hello Hamhax,

Sounds like the BBBJ was so satisfying. Worth spending your pocket!


Max


Floor: #15
Post Time: 4th December 2012, 01:55 AM
Poster ID: hamhax1
Post Title: 
 Yuna - 59 York Street, South Melbourne
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Yuna

Establishment : 59 York Street, South Melbourne

Date of Visit : October 2012

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 

Hours of Business : 11am till late

Rates : $260 an hour

Age : Early 20s

Size/shape :B-C Cup, Slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Korean

Services Provided : FS, BJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : Called ahead to check whether Yuna was working, as I read some favourable reviews of her. Upon reaching the premises, decided to look at the lineup anyway. 5-6 Korean hotties, all above 7/10, came out for a quick "Hello", which is the norm for these Korean joints here in Melbourne.

Yuna was drop dead gorgeous, so decided to go ahead with her for an hour. Into the room, undressed, and Yuna came in. We showered together, with her giving me a proper cleaning in all the important parts. She then dried me and told me to lie down on my back.

Quick catbath, and down to the BJ. The head was AMAZING, with deep throats, some spitting, licking the tip/shaft/balls. On with the dom, with her on top, missionary then doggy. As I started to get abit soft as i was beginning to tire, I asked for another round of BJ. She went at it like a pro, and I blew in her mouth. Will definitely be back to see this amazing lady.


Thread Title: 59 York Street (was Madam Leona's) - 57- 59 York St, South Melbourne - 03 9690 5977
Floor: #16
Post Time: 21st February 2013, 12:56 AM
Poster ID: label34
Post Title: 
 jessica @ 59 york street - 03 96905977
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: jessica

Establishment: full service parlour

Date of Visit:17/02/12

Contact Details/Address/Weblink:59 york street south melbourne, 03 96905977
Hours of Business: 11 till late, but she starts after 3

Rates:$125 30 minutes before 7pm

Age: 25?

Size/shape:short and a little plump

Nationality or Ethnicity: korean
Services Provided: bbbj, cowgirl, missionary, shower from fingers to toes

Value for money/recommend?: excellent service. will recommended

My experience/comments:

it was a hot day so i drive past to see who was around. ivy looks good, she was short but she had big breasts. jessica was not as pretty but she looke friendly. i asked the man who he recommend..he say jessica. so i paid him the cash.

jessica came in 5 minutes later and was very friendly. she washed me all over from fingers to toes. wow, not even my wife does that! it is the first time any woman has done that. she was smiling and talking...very nice experience change from the aussie girls. we dry up and she ask me to lie down. she begin to suck on my nipple...wow i don't know it feels so good! only bad thing is her breasts a little small for me. then she kiss all the way down to my knee cap, not sure why but it does not turn me on. she gave me a good bbbj before i ask her for 69 which she gladly said ok sure. tastes good without any smell and she has such a small pussy. 

she was very tight because we did cowgirl and she was very slow to start. once we start moving and getting hot..this girl enjoys sex. i was fucking non stop because she was enjoying it and wanted me to kiss her while i fuck. i cum so much and was tired so i just hug her and rest. we cannot talk very well because of english but i feel like she was a girlfriend to me. very smiling and friendly. after we shower and say good bye, she keep hugging me and not let go without kissing. i ask her if she work everyday she say yes. so guys...go and try!


Floor: #17
Post Time: 10th March 2013, 07:10 PM
Poster ID: jay.jay.jay
Post Title: 
 Angel, 59 York Street, South Melbourne
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Angel

Establishment : 59 York Street, South Melbourne

Date of Visit : 17/02/2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 59 York Street, South Melbourne

Hours of Business : 12:00pm till late

Rates : $140 / 30Mins

Age : 27 as she told me but looked a little older

Size/shape : A/B-Cup

Nationality or Ethnicity : PRC

Services Provided : BJ with dom, FS

Value for money/recommend? : 7/10

My experience/comments : Angel allowed for some light kissing during the cat bath which she  didn't seem to mind. Onto BJ with dom and her technique was pretty good and was playing with my balls the whole time. We quickly moved into 69 I  got the nod from her but felt she was a bit too sensitive and kept jumping up when I licked her clit. so thought would change positons & Onto FS, and started off with cowgirl and  it was really great watching her with her fit body and silky smooth skin. During this, she went straight down and  started kissing me which caught me by surprise as she's the first girl  who took the initiative to kiss. Onto missionary then finally finished  with doggy and blew my load.

overall 8/10 service
         7/10 looks
         7/10 body


Floor: #18
Post Time: 13th October 2013, 10:06 AM
Poster ID: R3ndar
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Angelina

Establishment : 59 York St

Date of Visit : XX August 2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Tel: NA; 59 York Street, South Melbourne

Hours of Business : 10:00am - 6:00am Fri- Sat: 10:00am to 7:00am

Rates : $260 for 1 hour (Night Rate)

Age : Early to Mid 20's 

Size/shape : Size 6, D cup Enhanced. Slim body.

Stand Out Features: Hot and nice body. Pretty face.

Downsides: Wasted time with her music.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Korean

Services Provided : BBBJ, DATY, FS, HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

Came in around 10:30pm on a Thursday. I was super horny, and was shown about 9-10 girls. Angelina stood out the most. Extremely pretty face, and cute attire. She work a red and white polka dot bikini. Was going to book 2 hours, but played it safe and booked for just the 1 seeing that I haven't heard reviews of this girl.

In the room I go, and Angelina shortly joins me. She tells me she has only been in the industry for 1 day, being that this was her first night and I was her first customer. I found that hard to believe, as he breasts were enhanced and it seemed to me she knew what she was doing. I hop in the shower, and she then starts cleaning me. I hop out and it's her turn..... I thought to myself this was not going to go well. 

Initially cold, she starts to open up and we throw in a few jokes and laughs. I keep telling her I've seen her in magazines somewhere, because she's so pretty. So as I'm waiting for her on the bed, she goes and tries to put on some music on her phone.... for 10 minutes. This point I'm getting annoyed, so to enjoy myself, I come up behind her and start kissing her neck and fondling her tits from behind. She then starts to moan, and I lift her leg up and start rubbing her pussy. Moaning some more, I take her hand and tell her to jerk me off. We then get to the bed, and she gives me a decent BBBJ. Ask for 69, and she politely declines, saying she likes to concentrate on my cock at the moment. After another 10 minutes, I spin her around and give her some DATY. She's really getting into it, and starts grinding my face. Pretty soon she opens up a dom and I slide into her. 

First with missionary, she yelps and clinches me when I slide in. She was in obvious pain, so I slowly pump her. Pretty soon she starts breathing quicker and throws her legs around me and clasps me nearer. She then starts building up the tempo, moving her hips faster and telling me to go faster. Soon enough she comes and I take off the connie and shover my cock in her mouth, which she enthusiastically takes. HJ until completion and I come on the sheets.

We cuddle for a bit, and then session number 2. Down she goes again for another BBBJ, with this time, I tell her to stick her butt towards towards my right so I can play with her pussy while she slurps. On comes the dom and we do doggie. Again, she yelps when I put it in. This time I just bang her hard and fast, and she takes it like a trooper. Finally I get tired, and she's smiling. HJ? She says.

Takes off the dom, and starts licking my nipples and jerking me off. Pretty soon I'm close and she lies on my cock with her tits and I blow all over them. 

Great service nonetheless, but the customer service at this place is a joke. The reception don't know a thing about "keeping customers" and no wonder why they're always quite compared to the Tope St shops. And the girls here are real gems for me personally, so it's a shame that his place is a little pricey during the morning compared to the suburbs.

WIR? Yep!


Floor: #19
Post Time: 6th November 2013, 07:47 PM
Poster ID: jango
Post Title: 
 Anna - 59 York Street - October 2013
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Anna

Establishment : 59 York Street

Date of Visit : 3 October 2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Ladies on York - 59 York St, South Melbourne

Hours of Business : See website

Rates : $140 for 30 mins

Age : 21 -25

Size/shape : Short 155cms, very slim, A Cup

Nationality or Ethnicity : South Korea

Services Provided : FS, BJ, HJ, No Kissing, 

Value for money/recommend? : No / No

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)


[COLOR=#000000]Evening Weeknight. $140 for 30 mins.[/COLOR]

[COLOR=#000000]Three girls available. Two big tall, slim, eyes down, no smiling ones to the left, and then Small, Smiling, Pretty Anna to the right.[/COLOR]

[COLOR=#000000]Seemed like a no brainer. Turned out to be a no gooder.[/COLOR]

[COLOR=#000000]Anna's smile, very pretty face, and extremely padded bra were cover for her anaemic 15 year old boy body and disinterest in my entertainment. Her chest is almost completely flat.[/COLOR]

[COLOR=#000000]BBBJ was OK, but completely mechanical sex. No kissing.[/COLOR]

[COLOR=#000000]After having a crack at Mish and Doggy, but being turned off by the attitude, I asked her to suck it again, which she did, but "no come in mouth - OK". OK.[/COLOR]

[COLOR=#000000]Then she goes to put the Dom back on, and says there's only a minute left on her timer.[/COLOR]

[COLOR=#000000]The timer goes off and the screen returns to the time she originally programmed - 20 minutes.[/COLOR]

[COLOR=#000000]Now I'm pissed off. She's been clearly busted short timing me, and I point to it and tell her that's only 20 minutes![/COLOR]

[COLOR=#000000]I jump off the bed and put the Dom in the rubbish bag and head for the shower.[/COLOR]

[COLOR=#000000]Cheeky bugger smiles at me and thanks me.[/COLOR]

[COLOR=#000000]Rotten Punt.[/COLOR]

[COLOR=#000000]Looks - 7/10 (Pretty Face)[/COLOR]
[COLOR=#000000]Body - 4.5/10 (No Tits at all - 15 year old boy body)[/COLOR]
[COLOR=#000000]Service 3/10[/COLOR]

[COLOR=#000000]WIR - No Freaking Way[/COLOR]


Floor: #20
Post Time: 6th November 2013, 10:47 PM
Poster ID: Cove23
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks for the warning jango. From experience I find the girls at 59 York to have the worst attitude & same goes to the reception guys. I try to stay away from this place.


Floor: #21
Post Time: 19th January 2014, 11:16 PM
Poster ID: lygon007
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Coco
Establishment : 59 York Street
Date of Visit : 19 January 2013
Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Ladies on York - 59 York St, South Melbourne
Hours of Business : See website
Rates : $140 for 30 mins
Age : 21 -25
Size/shape : Short, nice body, A cup
Nationality or Ethnicity : Korea
Services Provided : FS, BBBJ, HJ
Value for money/recommend? : No fucking way
My experience/comments :

I'd never tried this place before and was on my way back from a dinner, thought I'd give it a go. I'd seen girls hanging out down the side street either taking a break from their shift or about to start one over the years and they all looked quite amazing. This was some time ago, I should have let my thoughts be my entertainment for tonight.

Stepped in, 3 girls. I chose Coco. She had a good body, well rounded. Seemed the youngest of the three, I don't recall all their names. 30mins, $140

Led to the room, Coco arrives 5 mins later and we shower. She is really keen on ensuring my dick is clean. Fair enough too, but don't be so rough. Try my best to make conversation but she is not understanding a word I am saying and looks away when she tries to respond.

Onto the bed, BBBJ begins. Not amazing but nice. I could have had that for the entire 30mins and not minded so much, except ...

Every minute or so she is grabbing for new tissues and keeps spitting into them. She clearly does not enjoy this in the slightest. Dom on and CG begins. Hated it pretty much straight away so went soft.

She refused to suck again and gave me a rough HJ to get me back up again for another dom and I finished with doggy. I swear the only thing that got me across the line was watching her tits bounce around in the mirror and that is it.

I've said it before, I don't know what it is about Asian brothels. Only excellent one I've found in the last 12 months has been Romantics, Cherry Blossoms used to be good a few years back as well.

Think I'm better off spending my cash at other establishments.


Floor: #22
Post Time: 20th January 2014, 05:22 PM
Poster ID: lygon007
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Btw, this venue is now called 59 York Street if the mods want to update the title.


Floor: #23
Post Time: 21st January 2014, 07:36 AM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by dumbcomp


Btw, this venue is now called 59 York Street if the mods want to update the title
"""



Thank you dumbcomp.


Floor: #24
Post Time: 20th February 2014, 06:56 AM
Poster ID: allin127
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Has this place changed owners? When I went there 12 months ago there was always 6 or 7 hot girls and you were pretty much garunteed to get good service. However when I returned last month there was never more than 3 girls and the ones I tried were all shit. Definetely gone downhill.


Floor: #25
Post Time: 13th March 2014, 02:05 PM
Poster ID: R3ndar
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Reina

Establishment : 59 York St

Date of Visit : XX April 2014 (Morning Shift)

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Tel: NA; 59 York Street, South Melbourne

Hours of Business : 10:00am - 6:00am Fri- Sat: 10:00am to 7:00am

Rates : $125 Half Hour (Morning Rate)

Age : Mid to Late 20's

Size/shape : Size 8, C cup, Slightly Chubby

Stand Out Features: Anything Goes

Downsides: Looks aren't great

Nationality or Ethnicity : Korean

Services Provided : BBBJ, DATY, FS, HJ, Anal, COB, COF

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

Haven't had a punt in ages, so I thought I'd drop by York for a visit. Walked in and was greeted by an Aussie mamasan (Thank God!), and was quickly shown two girls. First one wasn't really my type, kinda on the large side, and then Reina came out. She wasn't much of a looker, so I'd thought I'd make a run for it, before Mamasan quickly tells me she has the best service here, with glowing reviews from customers. Thought I'd take a chance, and book Reina for 30 minutes.

Transaction goes through with mamasan, and we talk about how bad customer service is at York, with her agreeing the chinese douchebags here don't know a thing about it, even telling me she had first-hand experience with their level of care with customers. Thankfully she told me she works Thursdays and I'm more than welcome to come in. Once we had out yarn, she shows me into the room and I wait for Reina.

Reina comes in about 5 minutes later, and we both take a shower together. Starts working on my dick while I start fingering her without complaints. She soon gets wet and we both come out of the shower. Straight into a BBBJ and she goes on vaccuming my dick for the next 10 minutes while I finger-bang her. Her technique is ok, not the best but some good tongue work. On comes the dom, and we start out in doggy. I tell her to look in the mirror while I bang her from behind, and she seems to like the attention. While I bang her, I start playing with her asshole with my thumb.... No hesitation....in goes the thumb. She starts groaning loud, so I start thumb-banging her asshole while I fuck her pussy. By now she's going wild and grabbing the sheets on the bed while she's moaning. I pull out of her pussy, and slowly put it in her bum for some anal. A little resistance, but a little extra lube helped. This goes on for the next 10 minutes, and I pull out for some COF while she fingers herself in the mirror. 

We quickly clean up, and head to the shower, as we were almost out of time. Shame we couldn't talk because we were nearing the end of the session, but she's a nice and friendly girl. A quick kiss goodbye and I help her with the towels, and I'm off after an exceptional punt.

WIR? Yes! But I felt so dirty afterwards...... Probably won't come back for her next time.


Floor: #26
Post Time: 18th May 2014, 01:18 AM
Poster ID: qwerty.e13
Post Title: 
 57- 59 York St, South Melbourne - 03 9690 5977
				
Post Content: 
WL Name : Angela

Establishment : Ladies on York

Date of Visit : Friday , 9th May 2014

Contact Details/Address: 59 York St, South Melbourne

Hours of Business : ?

Rates : 30 minutes/$140 

Age : 22-25

Size/shape : 165cm, slim build 6-8, C cup (implant)

Nationality : Korean

Services Provided : BBBJ, FS various positions, light kissing

Value for money / recommend? : good value

My experience/comments: 

Went to this 59 York on Friday 9 pm. Decided to go there early to avoid the "customer" traffic jam when it turns midnight. I saw this Angela 2 weeks ago as I was accompanying my friend. This time I finally decided to give her try.

She has a slim and beautiful body with a C cup implanted boobs. Short black hair and a tattoo on her waist. It all started with showering. She cleaned me up nicely inside the tight shower room. On the bed, I was lying down and she gave me cat bath...very typical. Can see that is coming. 

Once flipped over, she continued her way down to the bottom part. BBBJ was alright, wasn't bad but not the best I had. She only uses her mouth and place both of her hands on my thigh, which was nice. I kinda like this type of BJ comparing with hand and mouth combo. 

Once she put on the condom, she started with cowboy. Was slow and steady to begin with. I started to squeeze her C cup breast and played with her nipples. She has a really good body figure, but unfortunately the boobs was implanted. She told me not to play with her nipple bcoz it was very sensitive, so I just agreed on squeezing her booby instead. Not long in Cowboy position, I felt like she picked up the speed and she show me a great enthusiasm in her skill. I can just tell she was enjoying it too. Well, I always like WL starting fresh on shift work as i was probably her first customer for the day. 

The whole cowboy position was fantastic.  All I can say is I kinda feel like i'm the one who being f*ck. her motion totally sent me to heaven. Plenty of hugging and touching around the body. But no kissing.

Then I finished it off with missionary position. 

WIR ? I love too. But what she lack of is eye contact. She never have an eye contact thru out the whole session.


Floor: #27
Post Time: 7th June 2014, 11:11 PM
Poster ID: qwerty.e13
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Went there on Fri night. Hoping to book Angela as i had a good time with her in the past. But she was busy. Papasan recommended Jessica. He said "new girl n havent hav a customer yet" . Well i tot she work hard n provide a good service in this situation. 

All punters reading this. Stay away from her. She was terrible. I can bare with average face n body. But  the service is shit. No shower together. CBJ. 1 minute on cowgirl n ask to change position, no nipple sucking. Its completely just "renting a hole".  Wasted my money


Floor: #28
Post Time: 12th July 2014, 12:03 PM
Poster ID: Anonymous2013
Post Title: 
 My second review as requested :) enjoy :)
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Vicky


Establishment : 59 York St South Melbourne


Date of Visit : 28th June 2014


Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 59 York St Melbourne


Hours of Business : 10am till 5 am


Rates : $200 45min 


Age : 27


Size/shape : Tall and Slim 


Nationality or Ethnicity : South Korean


Services Provided : CBJ and FS


Value for money/recommend? : She's OK 


My experience/comments : Been a while since ive been to York st. Line up was pretty good. Spotted this kdoll very tall. I think she is taller then me lol. I picked her cause she reminds me of the kpop chick lol.


Very nice girl and easy to talk to. In the room she had short shoulder length hair and good body and nice boobs  I the boobs 


Services was normal. kinda sad when given CBJ and cowgirl action was normal if wasn't a pse but still good. mish was normal too  she didn't really have any special skills and technique that the other kdolls I've punted with had. So decided to just finish in doggie which was weird cause how tall she was. No shit think she abit taller than me which we joked around. Saying she doesn't like being this tall. 


Afterwards she had one of those fake cigarette and we were just talking and joking around. Small chat was good. 


Overall my experience was good. cause her nice personality maybe if you go back a couple of times she will start to relax and get more warmer hopefully


Floor: #29
Post Time: 29th October 2014, 07:42 PM
Poster ID: Ginn
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jasmine

Establishment : 59 York

Date of Visit : 2/10/2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 59 York street, South Melbourne

Hours of Business : not sure, till 3am i guess

Rates : $260

Age : 25

Size/shape : curvy

Nationality or Ethnicity : korean

Services Provided : full service

Value for money/recommend? : once in a while

My experience/comments : Hi all here is my first review on this site. Went down to South Bank area around 7pm. Since I haven't been back to 59 York for quite a long time, that day I wanted to see if there was any new gems. As I dropped by, the Aussie receptionist introduced 4 girls. None was quite standing out and I tended to walk away but then she told me to have Jasmine as her service was satisfying. Well, didn't hurt giving a try. Booked for for 45 minutes. Into the room waiting for her to come. Jasmine was about 167, short hair with a b cup. She already had shower in the other room before coming to see me so only me to shower. Started with typical catbath and then working down to CBJ (now most of the girls in South Bank refrain from giving BBJ). Suction was quite good, not to toothy and she didn't seem to rush at all. Dom on, started with cowgirl and then doggie, finishing with mish. She was quite demure and willing to go with the flow. Light kissing and massage was also provided on request. Overall, the experience was good. Her english was enough to manage conversations without any hand gestures involved (she told me she had been in Melbourne for 3-4 years). Might come back to see her one day.
Cheers!


Floor: #30
Post Time: 14th February 2015, 06:43 PM
Poster ID: goehte
Post Title: 
 Angel - Ladies on York
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Angel

Establishment : Ladies on York

Date of Visit : 11 Feb

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 59 York St Sth Melbourne

Hours of Business : 10 am to 3 am

Rates : $260 ph

Age : Late 20s

Size/shape : Petite, Busty

Nationality or Ethnicity : Korean

Services Provided : CBJ, FS

Value for money/recommend? : OK

My experience/comments : Was in the area and the other Tope St venues were busy. Decided to take a walk. Got shown 4 girls, 3 korean and 1 thai.  Angel was the smallest and bustiest of the one's there.

Got shown into the room, one of the middle ones on the right hand side.  Started showering. Hot water system is either scalding hot or completely cold.  Angel comes in.  Cheerful. Stripped off and got into shower.  Close up she looked a bit older and but not unattractive. Slim figure with big bolt ons.  Has a very gentle light touch in the shower which helps get things going.  Step out, dry off and then the big surprise.  She starts chattering in reasonably fluent Mandarin. Supposedly spent 4 years living in Shanghai.  Service wise she was ok but nothing mid blowing.  No catbath, very light body kissing and some gentle stroking of the back before kicking off with the CBJ.  On to the main event, she was on top for a little bit and then insisted on doggy to finish.  Gave a bit of massage but then complained about being tired.  Overall so, so experience.  This place is not what is used to be (haven't been there for over a year) and looks like there has been a change on ownership.


Thread Title: 59 York Street (was Madam Leona's) - 57- 59 York St, South Melbourne - 03 9690 5977
Floor: #31
Post Time: 3rd November 2016, 05:08 PM
Poster ID: BuckAdams
Post Title: 
 Jessie- 59 York St, South Melbourne (Ladies on York)
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jessie

Establishment : Ladies on York

Date of Visit : 14/09/2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 59 York St, South Melbourne. PH (03) 9690 5977  59 Ladies On York - HOME

Hours of Business : Sun-Thurs 1pm til 1am Fri & Sat 1pm til late

Rates : $155 / 30 mins

Age : 30

Size/shape : Short/curvy/ E sized natural whopper.Nipples you could hang your keys on.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Korean

Services Provided : CBJ/FS

Value for money/recommend? : Expensive for 30 mins but was action packed.Yes, I want to go back.She loved it & so did I.

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.) This place is a far cry from it's former glory.I remember going to this shop & other Korean shops nearby in those crazy times from about 2003-2011 and just being blown away with the talent that was there.Anyway, the other shops nearby were full & it was getting late but I really wanted an empty tonight.Stroll in and met with a middle aged Chinese man who introduced me to 1 lady, Jessie.Carrying on the tradition of these joints, introductions are brief, with usually a hand wave & a smile,if your lucky,from 3 metres away.He says 'how long you want, 30 min or 1 hr'.I said, 'can I see her again as I just saw an outline of a person'.He says 'don't worry, how long you want'.Normally, I would walk but it was getting late & I really had a bone a dog couldn't bury, so I took a risk and paid for 30 mins.Into the room and I am immediately greeted by Jessie who seems really pleased to see me.She's hot & she has massive cans.The bed is a four poster and has all these blinking on & off neon lights.There is a massive mirror at the bedhead and it looks like us 2 are the 2 stars of this show tonight.Shower.Jessie is waiting on the bed with a huge smile.Lots of compliments both ways.She seems to want to smell my dick and playfully bites it saying she wants to eat it.I am getting really hard as I lick her awesome nipples.These tits are a work of art.Lovin this while she strokes my member.On with the dom and she gives a slow sensual blowjob.Nice and slow & teasing me.I want to fuck now.She gets on top.She is really tight.I wasn't expecting that but great nonetheless.She goes at it for a bit and then we go into mish.This bird in mish is something to behold.What more could a man want but an eager pretty girl with beautiful E sized tits jiggling like jelly on a plate staring up at you as you hammer her into next week.I was starting to bang her quite hard, as the finish line was just in sight.She's close.I blow a massive 2 weeker and somewhere in there she came as well.Apparently.Either way I had a great time with this great bird.We talked a bit as I showered & got dressed.She wanted me to see her again.I said I would & I plan to because I love a bird who enjoys her work and this one certainly does.Recommended.


