Thread Title: At The Top Of The Town - 516-518 Flinders St, Melbourne - 03 9614 1414
Floor: #1
Post Time: 28th March 2010, 06:26 PM
Poster ID: JustaBloke
Post Title: 
 At The Top Of The Town - 516-518 Flinders St, Melbourne - 03 9614 1414
				
Post Content: 
516-518 Flinders Street, Melbourne, 3000.
Phone: (03) 9614 1414
www.topofthetown.com.au | 521: Web server is down 

Dont know wtf that website is about as it seems unrelated but on a google search that comes up with the places address.

Went here on saturday night while the F1 was in melbourne having come from a nightclub in crown and spearmint rhino (which btw is THE best stripclub I have been to by far, glamas everywhere but no FS)

Having a big night previously and nearing the end of the night I came along with my friend here on the idea he would have a punt while I wait downstairs, he had been here before and from our friends the consensus was the talent wasnt that great so I didnt have much hope as I was feeling fussy and spent enough money on my trip.

I hadnt been to this place before but walking in I was surprised to see it wasnt like a typical brothel at all, beyond the small, unattended foyer room we were greeted by a bar with girls casually sitting and talking amongst themselves with afew fellow punters scattered amongst the seats, the talent varied greatly and the average was about 5-6/10 Id say. The service was nice, I was greeted by one of the staff ladies who was very welcoming, girls were friendly but not pushy.

At the end of the bar was a short corridor leading to a room with a snooker table where a WL was playing pool with afew other people sitting around, following that room was the 1 quiet room with plenty of seats.
10 mins there and no girl had interested me, until I spotted this one blonde cutey with blue eyes who I wasnt sure was a working girl or not so I asked the staff lady who was very helpful in tracking her down as she wandered out of my sight before I could even make eye contact with her. I was happy to be informed she was a WL and she would be with me shortly.

After a warm friendly smile and a short introduction she asked if I wanted a drink from the bar, I then took her to the quiet room to discuss things, the price was 160/30 250/60 or 210/30 deluxe from memory. As soon as she mentioned DATY in deluxe I was sold but as it was nearing the end of my stay in melbourne I could only afford 30mins rather than my usual 60.

I payed $80 to the staff at the counter for the room which is deducted from the previous amount, the balance goes to the WL, then my chick was informed all the rooms where booked, I was happy to hear this, the big perk of this place is if your the type of guy who likes to spend the 1st 5-10mins talking to the girl before getting down and dirty then at this place you can get comfortable without it biting into your allocated time. After about 10mins the room became available.

This place is an old heritage building, seeming to be an old hotel from around the 20s, we walked up about 6 flights of stairs to reach the room which had a decent shower, crap pump soap that seemed to be running out but a nice king sized bed with furnishing that seemed to be from the 40s or earlier, place was tidy and the old school look was impressive. After a quick health check I showered while she went off somewhere, after I had finished she came back in and did a whores shower. 

She put on the dom during foreplay and was carefull it stayed on during,  she was good no acting good feedback on DATY which was something she enjoyed. After the swimmers broke free there was no rush to GTFO which being an establishment that was also busy at the time surprised me, checking my clock later I found that I had blown 10 mins early as the time mustnt of started until she finished her shower and I was abit anxious about only having 30mins, if money wasnt an issue my default time would be 2hrs. When the intercom buzzed from one of the staff we casually got dressed and she led me back down the 1001 stairs.

Next time I am in Melbourne I would likely visit this place again unless gotham city(which I still gotta check out) steals my interest or spearmint rhino steals my budget.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 1st April 2010, 04:08 PM
Poster ID: Tommiethetank
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Gotta gree with you Bloke on the strip club - Spearmint Rhinos.  Best club I have been to anywhere. the girls there are friendly and very nice. get to know them on your next trip and for a fee they will be happy to spend time with outside of the club. The fee is to compensate them for not going in and working on that night..

Now Top of the Town  - yes its ok inside, similar style to say Penthouse in Pitt Street.  Bar etc, but you get the punters after the strip clubs finish, and they can be fairly drunk. so go to them earlier.

Gotham is fairly good, pricey but the chicks there are nice. you go into a lounge area, and the girls practically push each other out of the way to get to you. Apparantly it is usually the first couple of girls that always gets chosen there. I have only been 1 time, and I was the only punter. went for 2 sessions. First girl was strange, marilyn monroe voice and dark wig. All other girls thought she was strane as well, or so my next girl said so.  first girl was very distant, no talk, and straight into CBJ daty ok, but really no personality. very distant.

Next girl was a tassie chic ( I couldnt find the scar on her neck, and I did look)  she also had a wig on - she wanted to have long hair, and she had it cut short. she was pretty good, much better than the monroe chic. good personality, and even had a smoke in the room.

This place whilst being  pricey, was upmarket, so if you are a regular at Stilletos, you will find this place similar.

I'd go back, but I agree, I ten to go to Rhinos on King street first. I am working on bedding one of the girls there. I have her real name and phone number - and last time i was there we talked and met up in the club on her day off.

Melbourne is OK for the punters.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 8th June 2010, 01:53 PM
Poster ID: Sam12321
Post Title: 
 TOP OF THE TOWN 516-518 Flinders Street 96141414
				
Post Content: 
I saw a very busty WL by the name of Shannon lates 20's or so.  She has a Sophia Loren face look about her, long blonde hair, DD's on her chest and natural, of course she had the massive cleavage out for all to see. Has a bit of a tummy, probably a sz 16. Very pleasant lady, talked to her for about 30 minutes about everything really, Just like you would a chick at a bar I guess. Got hornier and hornier talking to her, then I just had to ask if she was "ok to go upstairs". 30minutes paid for. 

Had the customary shower and lay on the bed, She came in and stripped off and started to give me a hot boob massage. Great feeling. She let me suck on them as well as play with them at all times. Then it was on with the condom for a good blowjob. Sucked for a good 10-15 minutes, then hopped on top. Now, having a girl with big titties fuck like a rabbit whilst doing cowgirl is a bloody aweome sight. Tits bobbing around uncontrollably, whilst my shaft getting a good going over. Loved it. I blew my load this way soon after, about 30 seconds later time was up. 

Would definately see Shannon again if I could, she told me she usually works fri-sat-sun nights. A shame I dont live in the city. 

20min - $120 (daytime only) 
30min - $160 
1hr - $250


Floor: #4
Post Time: 12th November 2010, 02:43 PM
Poster ID: anonymouse311
Post Title: 
 ToTT/Laura
				
Post Content: 
Establishment and/or person's Name: Top of the Town / Laura

Contact Details/Address: 516-518 Flinders Street, Melbourne, 3000.

Hours of Business: 10 am to 1 am (I think)

Prices: $250 1hr

Age: 20-24

Size/shape: Slim but nice curves.

Nationality or Ethnicity: Caucasian, blonde/blue eyes.

Services: Full w/CBJ

Value for money/recommend?:Wow, yes, highly recommended.

My experience/comments: Unbelievable calming and generous to a first timer. Was very patient and willing to take things slow. Her oral skills... unbelievable. Time didn't start until after a shower (with which she helped) and she never once seemed rushed or disinterested. Didn't last very long the first time. Cuddled with tender touches until ready to go again. Missionary, doggy, and cowgirl. Would highly recommend and will see again.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 10th May 2011, 08:11 PM
Poster ID: skilgannon
Post Title: 
 Mina at Tope
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Niki 

Establishment: Top of the Town Contact Details/Address: Flinders St 

Hours of Business: 12pm till late 

Prices: 300/h 

Age:24 

Size/shape:Average 

Nationality or Ethnicity:Thai Services:CBJ, FS Value for money/recommend?: No 

My experience/comments:Me and a drunk friend stumbled into Top of the Town a few days ago coz we were right at the city. There were heaps of girls (over 10) in all shape and sizes. I picked a nice lil thai girl by the name of Niki while my friend picked a BBW and there were heaps of them around  After the shower Niki gave a good catbath and started CBJ which didn't last for very long. She soon got on top but it all felt very mechanical and she kept staring at the clock. Overall I blew my load but I expect much more as I am in Sydney a fair bit and they do a much better service with younger girls.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 26th October 2011, 09:41 PM
Poster ID: Pinky
Post Title: 
 Lisa @ At The Top of The Town
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lisa

Establishment : At The Top Of The Town

Date of Visit : 25 / 08/ 2011

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Adult Services - Best Melbourne Brothels, Prostitutes Melbourne

Hours of Business :  Lisa's there Mon to Fri & Sun nights 10pm  4am 

Rates : $250 p/h. $20 extras

Age : early 20's? Well she looks firm and fantastic. 

Size/shape : Slim, athletic, world-class butt. 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : CBJ, FS, DATY

Value for money/recommend? : Great body and very friendly!

My experience/comments : Yes, this review is from a while ago. I'm only an occasional punter and this was really the last time I've hung out my shingle, so to speak. This is my first review, so I can only hope I've got the right idea here... 

About 10pm this night I found myself on the way to Top of the Town. The couple of times I've visited they've been friendly, polite and welcoming, and pretended not to notice if I've drunk a little more than one probably should when looking for company.

I'm shown through and meet three lovely ladies in the bar - Lisa stands out in a stunning black cocktail dress that shows off her perfectly round, firm buttocks. I immediately forget every detail about the others in the room. She's asian and in her early 20's, with delicate features and a slim, athletic body. We chat and she agrees to spend an hour with me. She's softly spoken but friendly.

Upstairs it's time for a shower then Lisa returns and checks little Pinky out. He's feeling frisky already - I apologise but she says it doesn't bother her! Then she asks me to lie down while she takes off that dress and ties her shoulder-length hair back in a pony tail. She gives me a little cup filled with mouthwash and *ahem* casually asks if I've been out drinking tonight? Yeah, I answer, feeling like a bit of a fool, just a couple. She takes it in stride and I feel comfortable again pretty much straight away.

I agree to pay for extras but don't ask exactly what they are - firstly I'm a bit shy (yes, despite already being naked in front of her with an erection and the mouthwash thing), and secondly I like surprises! She starts to rub me, then gives a nice gentle CBJ. After that we have sex, first mish, then doggy. It's great watching that ass move but I'm finding the experience a bit mechanical at this stage.

For a break we lie back on the bed together. I lick her chocolate nipples until they stand up nice and straight, then kiss and lick my way down her stomach to her pussy. She shifts a little and spreads out, moaning. I lick my way around (her bits) a bit then keep on moving... she spreads a little further and rolls over, and I tongue her butt for a while, which I think is a pretty fantastic way to spend time!

After I finish up downstairs (no joy for Lisa sadly, my poor skills to blame) she asks how I want to cum. I request a 69 and she happily plants herself over my face while getting to work on another CBJ, which moves to a hand job when I get a touch over-enthusiastic. The bell rings, and she ignores it to bring me to a covered happy ending a minute or two later. 

We chat away while I have a shower and she takes her time getting dressed again.

Overall I had a great time and enjoyed watching Lisa almost as much the sex itself. Thanks Lisa!

Pinky


Floor: #7
Post Time: 14th December 2011, 02:42 PM
Poster ID: singlebound
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Maria

Establishment : At The Top Of The Town

Date of Visit :  21/11/11

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Adult Services - Best Melbourne Brothels, Prostitutes Melbourne

Hours of Business :  see website

Rates : $231 for 45minutes Deluxe

Age :  18

Size/shape :  As per website 5″5 height, petite size 8, with B cup and olive skin.

Nationality or Ethnicity :  Kiwi accent gives it away

Services Provided : CBJ, FS, DFK

Value for money/recommend? :  Yes/Yes

My experience/comments : Rolled into this place around 1am pretty drunk on a Monday where they do a $40 off special.  Interesting place with all the girls sitting around bars and tables relaxed and giving you the eyes and striking up conversation.  Wasn't seeing much I liked till I saw this short cutey Maria in the back room with the pool table.  Motioned her over and had a quick chat and she explained the prices so went for a 45 min session.  Paid the lady at the counter then Maria led me up a couple flights of stairs to grand old fashioned room with huge bed and massive shower across one wall.  

Hands me a towel and I jump in the shower then once I'm done I lay on the bed for a quick massage.  After about 5 minutes she rolls me over and starts kissing me while I take off her bra then start to suck on her perky little tits.  She takes her panties off while rubbing me and getting it hard so I start to rub her clit and finger her.  Then she grabs a rubber and proceeds to give me a fairly decent CBJ which then turns into her mounting me in cowgirl.  After a while she tells me my turn to do the work so I proceed to give it to her missionary then doggie then back to missionary to finish.

She then cleaned me off and I jumped in the shower and left pretty satisfied.  You can tell she is young and has a bit to learn but she was fun and the conversation was easy which gave her plus marks in my book.


Floor: #8
Post Time: 20th December 2011, 06:14 AM
Poster ID: ryancolt
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
have anyone ever been with girl named Bella? Share it here


Floor: #9
Post Time: 7th January 2012, 04:38 PM
Poster ID: rookie69
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Does anyone know if the slim thai girl called Jenny is still at TOTT ? I venture home to melbourne regularly and had been with her a couple of times, she really is something special.


Floor: #10
Post Time: 28th November 2012, 04:49 PM
Poster ID: xbox
Post Title: 
 Top of the town towards the bottom
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Patsy

Establishment : Top of the town
Date of Visit : 22/11/12

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 516 Flinders St, Melbourne
Hours of Business : pretty much 24hrs

Rates : Starts at $160/30mins

Age : looked 20 but probably high 20's
Size/shape : C cup, slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : BJ, Oral, normal

Value for money/recommend? : yes

My experience/comments : Went here as a dare and was pretty happy with the place.  Clean, professional and made you feel at ease.  It wouldn't be a place I would necessary seek out first, but I guess you get what you pay for.  I only needed 30mins - more of a straight to the point type of person.  Patsy (or that's what she told me her name was) was a real cutie and if I were to go back, ask for her again. Exit/enter off a main street in the city isn't the best, but iin reality who takes notice.

AS I had only 30mins, I didn't want to waste too much time and have to speed things up at the end. After a quick shower I exited and there she was in a nice little lace nightie and 'g' string. She then helped dry me and took up position behind be and ensured my front was dry. Feeling her tits and small bush against my back was nearly enough for me. After what felt like 2 seconds a condom was rolled on and I was lying on the end of th ebed with her mouth swallowing my cock. Not bad (is there ever any bad head??) She then slipped her G to the side and mounted me. She didn't move just did something with her pussy that was amazing. Felt like I was getting jacked off by a hand in her pussy. I could feel things moving along but before I said anyting, she stopped and got off before removing her G and rolling over onto all fours and presenting me with her tanned and immaculate pussy and asshole. I then started fucking her but slowed down so I didn't wast the last 10 minutes. When I slowed, she started pushing back and doing all the work. She was quite eager and enthuastiac which ended it for me. Her pussy doing it's hand thing and her pushing back and a steady rate was all I needed to finish. I had 6 minures to spare and would have liked to have spent that having my cock jacked off by her pussy but it mattered not in the end coz I was spent.
 HAving her neat asshole and trimmed pussy staring at me and her nicely tanned skin was too much in the end and had to wear the 6 minutes.
 30 minutes was probably a bit short, maybe 45 would be ideal.


Floor: #11
Post Time: 29th November 2012, 07:39 PM
Poster ID: eddie.mayville
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hello ps5,  

"After what felt like 2 seconds a condom was rolled on and I was lying on the end of th ebed with her mouth swallowing my cock." How about bare? Would the service rate differ?


Eddie


Floor: #12
Post Time: 29th November 2012, 10:45 PM
Poster ID: xbox
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I don't think they do bare.  Its CD all the way here. I didn't ask as I though that if its being put on this early then thems the rules.....


Floor: #13
Post Time: 14th January 2013, 12:45 PM
Poster ID: Zambrero
Post Title: 
 melissa at Top of the Town
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Melissa

Establishment : Top of the Town, Melbourne

Date of Visit : Friday 4 January 2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Services & Fees

Hours of Business : Monday to Thursday 10am to 6am, 24 hours on Fridays and Saturdays.

Rates : $160 for 30 mins, plus $50 for 'deluxe' including extras. 

Age : early 30s

Size/shape : Fit, toned, about a B cup, blonde with blue eyes, very GFE.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australia

Services Provided : FS, CBJ, two positions, shower together

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : I phoned ahead to learn that 7 girls were available that afternoon around 3pm. Well appointed interior with bar to chat to the girls, either in a group or one at a time. Melissa was immediately warm and welcoming, introducing me to the services on offer. Also chatted with Mercedes, more of a PSE specialist (and available on Friday afternoons), and a couple of the busty Asian ladies. Raven was also there, young lass with slender tall build and dark hair, but she was shy and her 'extras' were modest. I chose Melissa mostly because I liked her friendly attitude and wanted more of a GFE than a PSE that afternoon.

Upstairs, she was excellent. Playful, very sexy, and really enjoys her work. Great balance of intense focus with tickles. Visually appealing CBJ, pussy play, and an exceptionally toned bum. First position was missionary, then over to her on top - she took control with vigour and great talking, exactly what I was after! She volunteered a mutual shower afterwards, perfect for such a hot day.

I'd definately go back to this institution, and if Melissa was on, I'd happily see her again. That said, I might give one of the other girls a try, the chat-in-a-bar style of introduction was fun.


Floor: #14
Post Time: 9th December 2013, 08:01 PM
Poster ID: richierich
Post Title: 
 At The Top Of The Town - 516-518 Flinders St, Melbourne - 03 9614 1414
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Riley..?

Establishment : Top of the Town

Date of Visit : September 21 / 22 early

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Flinders st Melbourne / 03 96141414Hours of Business : 24 hours on weekendsRates : 250 /hr

Age : 19/20

Size/shape : 12 to 14, d cup

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : cbj / vanilla  / anal 

Value for money/recommend? : not so much

My experience/comments : Ok grain of salt with this review, I had had a fair few drinks and I am going off matching my memory of her to the descriptions on the site    90% sure though

My first time here, the place was recommended by the door man at Showgirls around the corner and it was about 1 or 2 am. Went in with a mate there were about 6 girls mingling to choose from, one tall leggy Thai but she was chatting so I got talking to Riley and we headed upstairs after paying at the counter with the Mamasan downstairs and a drink. Rooms were ok and reasonably clean. Riley seemed very new to this but she was enthusiastic and did her best to make me comfortable, though she disappeared for about 10 minutes before we stared but she did note the time when she came back in. After a quick shower in the room she was on her knees in front of me while I sat and talked, kinda mechanical with the bj but did enough I guess. Had her in doggy for ages, she is a pretty big girl and not really my sort but she was enjoyable and was happy to take anal with no fuss and no extra charge. Made all the right noises but I doubt I was in the best of form. Seemed to enjoy having her ass spanked gently and got into it though. I laid next to her on our sides next and had a great time playing with her beautiful breasts in this position. I guess I came pretty early as I recall and we spent a while just laying there talking for quite a bit before a shower. She was talkative and had a few stories, like I said, seemed pretty new to this and didn't seem to think that she would be doing it for too long. Going to uni, part time job to make ends meet etc etc 

Overall she was ok, not really my type I like petite and fit but she was good fun and good natured, not just hustling you out the door. If you like a bbw Aussie girl she is worth your time if she is still there. I would not go back but I might go back for that tall leggy Thai though, she was spectacular    Not a bad establishment but there are better in Melbourne, this was just the closest apparently.


Floor: #15
Post Time: 18th June 2014, 01:33 PM
Poster ID: Dvdlegend
Post Title: 
 Top of the town
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Melissa

Establishment : Top of the Town

Date of Visit : 4/05/2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : (03) 9614 1414/     516-518 Flinders St, Melbourne VIC 3000

Hours of Business : 10am till late

Rates : $170 an hour ($50 for extras)

Age : mature mid 30's

Size/shape : C cup, slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australia

Services Provided : BBBJ, DATY

Value for money/recommend? : 100% Yes

My experience/comments :

I've been to probably every establishment in Melbourne CBD except for this one and they say that this is the best in Melbourne so I decided to try it. Location wise its easy to get to but in a very public part of the city so that's a little off putting. That aside this has become my favorite place. Priding it self on being the best the place doesn't let down as inside it is very nice and stylish and rooms are clean. They have lots of sexy woman who are really nice and really try to sell themselves to you. Went with Melissa as I felt like trying a mature woman and she was amazing, had to pay extra $50 to get extras GFE, french kissing etc (i was told that extra applies differently to all girls so some might offer more than others). all in all will definitely come back soon.


Thread Title: At The Top Of The Town - 516-518 Flinders St, Melbourne - 03 9614 1414
Floor: #16
Post Time: 27th June 2014, 02:50 PM
Poster ID: Fuzzynuts
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Went to Spearmint Rhino on Sunday night, only about 4 girls dancing so got through the roster pretty quickly. My mate got suckered into spending $200 on a private show - WTF?! so I took this chance to skip across the road to Top of the Town for a root. Well maybe you guys have different standards or I got a bad night, but I walked into a sad room with three bored ordinary looking girls staring at the wall, and 2 or 3 old (60-70) men also staring at the wall, and as soon as sat down I knew I made a mistake. Thought I could at least grab a drink and maybe have a chat, but found that they don't have a license so my choice was water or soft drink.  Grabbed a water and waited hoping that a hottie might finish up with a customer and I could still salvage something. Next thing a Mr Burns lookalike wobbles out with an unenthusiastic companion and leaves, while she takes her place on a stool in the corner and also stares at the wall. All very sad so I decide to call it quits.
The whole bar thing works when it's an actual bar with alcohol and full of babes. But an empty room with 2 or 3 deadbeats lingering in it ruined any illusion that this was a place where dreams happen...


Floor: #17
Post Time: 8th December 2014, 08:07 PM
Poster ID: godenuv2
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Georgia

Establishment : Top of the Town

Date of Visit : 08/12/2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : (03) 9614 1414/ 516-518 Flinders St, Melbourne VIC 3000

Hours of Business : 10am till late

Rates : $220 for half an hour ($50 for extras)

Age : late 20s

Size/shape : Fake C

Nationality or Ethnicity : England

Services Provided : DATY

Value for money/recommend? : No

My experience/comments :

Dropped by for a quickie during lunch. It was my first visit. All the girls seemed cold. Georgie was the least cold, or so I thought. Paid $220 for half an hour of "deluxe service" which includes kissing and fingering. Apparently you cant' finger the WLs in the $170 session, you must pay extra.

So we went in. No chemistry. We chatted etc. Then went in for the kiss. SHE SMELLED LIKE VOMIT. Seemed oblivious. I tried to be polite, but she went for more crappy kissing. It was like pashing a pub toilet seat covered in vaseline. Even her hair smelled rank. I reckon she's bulemic. Had baby scars, but didn't mention kids. Travelling from home, kids can't have been too old. Maybe she gave them up for adoption?

Clothes off. She gave a weak massage and we chatted pleasantly about drivel. Then it was time to flip over. She does the old yanky panky but it's totally half-hearted and I don't get hard because she's clearly not into it.

I decided I don't give a shit, told her to stand up, grabbed some lube on my fingers and gave her a good groping. She made the fakey fake moans but I didn't care.

Bend over.

I squeezed myself to a semi with the dom on and shoved it up her. More fakey fake. A bit of mish, then the bell goes off. Early. She goes "don't worry, we still have 5 minutes" and I'm like ok. Turn over then. Spread her cheeks and wedged my semi flat tyre up her loose cunt. Grabbed on and thought dirty thoughts. I came in less than two minutes, got up and had a shower.

Not worth the money. It seems cauc chicks think they can charge more just for being white. I don't know many WLs who like to smell like vomit. Must have been a bad punt in this shop.


Floor: #18
Post Time: 1st February 2016, 09:59 PM
Poster ID: roadbum069
Post Title: 
 Lulu - At The Top Of The Town
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lulu

Date of Visit : 23 .12.15 

Establishment : At The Top Of The Town

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :.www.atthetopofthetown.com.au | 521: Web server is down 

Rates : $270/hr

Age : 20's

Size/shape : D cup, Petite,

Nationality or Ethnicity : Singapore 

Services Provided :..FS

Value for money/recommend? : Yes!

My experience/comments


chrismas break up after party..
fully loaded and horny as fuck walked into this establishment..
saw the line up chose lulu petite asian / singapore girl..
went to room showered..
she proceeded to massage me to help get me hard..
It worked a bit too good ...I told her to give me a bj...
.she was good..but im new at this and the excitement got the better of me...
Lets say I was like a young boy again...
she proceeded to assure me alls good and massaged me a little then proced to help wash me ...
I will return.it was money well spent although quickly  ..id go back


Floor: #19
Post Time: 30th April 2016, 05:49 PM
Poster ID: Americanboy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
MERCEDES at Top of the Town
Person's Name : Mercedes

Establishment : Top of the Town

Date of Visit : April 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : (03) 9614 1414/ 516-518 Flinders St, Melbourne VIC 3000

Hours of Business : morning

Rates : $80/15 minute daytime special

Age : late 30s/40s

Size/shape :voluptuous blonde with outstanding breasts

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian/Greek

Services Provided : massage/cbj/dt (YMMV)

Value for money/recommend? :Yes

I wandered in just to check out a brothel. they had an $80 for 15 minute rub and tug special going on. Mercedes agreed to include a cbj (YMMV). She got undressed, did an inspection of my privates and started a massage. She was very friendly and bubbly. I said screw the massage and just tease and have fun. I wasn't allowed to touch anything other than her breasts, which were spectacular. She did a Russian (what Aussies call a Spanish) and then put on a condom. Fantastic cbj with lots of DT. I came while she was doing DT and she kept going. Cleaned me up and then we had a nice chat.
It was a perfect way to spend 15 minutes and I had a great time.


Floor: #20
Post Time: 18th July 2016, 05:15 PM
Poster ID: Matteo
Post Title: 
 Mercedes at Top of the Town
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Mercedes

Establishment : Top of the Town

Date of Visit : 29 June 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 516 Flinders St Melbourne

Hours of Business : 24 hours

Rates : $220 for 30 minutes

Age : Thirty something

Size/shape : Medium build blonde

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : DFK, CBJ and fucking

Value for money/recommend? : Bit expensive ($50 extra for kissing and pussy touching) but quality premises and friendly experience

My experience/comments : 

My first time at Top of Town. Nice welcome and five ladies available on Friday lunchtime - good range of ladies of different ages all of whom spoke good English. They were very clear about what was included. I opted for half hour with full service plus kissing and pussy touching for $220. Mercedes is a thirty something Australian[COLOR=rgb(0, 0, 0)]MILF[/COLOR]. She was friendly with good kissing, cock sucking and fucking in several different positions. A bit expensive, but I was very satisfied with what I got.


Floor: #21
Post Time: 19th August 2017, 05:26 PM
Poster ID: subboy22
Post Title: 
 Marcelle, Top of the Town, (03) 9614 1414
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Marcelle


Establishment : Top of the Town


Date of Visit : 10/6/17


Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 518 Flinders St, Melbourne VIC 3000/(03) 9614 1414/www.thetopofthetown.com.au


Hours of Business : open 24/7


Rates : 90-300


Age : 25


Size/shape : curvy size 12


Nationality or Ethnicity : French


Services Provided : BBBJ, anal play, strap on


Value for money/recommend? : yes/yes


My experience/comments : I stumbled into the top of the town a couple months ago. Feeling particularly kinky, I looked for a girl who would indulge in my strap on fantasy. Enter Marcelle. She was amazing from start to finish. She took her time getting me ready, using a combination of lube and spit, alternating between finger fucking my ass and sensually tugging my cock. before long she was slowly pushing into me and quickining the pace. the whole time she made sure she kept her hand on my cock, bringing me to the edge multiple times before sliding out of me and wrapping her perfect lips over my cock. What followed was the best BBBJ DT I have ever received. To finish she allowed me to rim her and then bounced up and down on me, all the while spitting on me and slapping my face till i came.


Would I go back? 100% as soon as I find some time.


