Thread Title: Far Eastern Relaxation - 77 Racecourse Rd, North Melbourne - 03 9326 8388
Floor: #1
Post Time: 20th July 2010, 05:29 PM
Poster ID: Jim Pound
Post Title: 
 Far Eastern Relaxation - 77 Racecourse Rd, North Melbourne - 03 9326 8388
				
Post Content: 
Kim is a long legged, slim Asian lady.  Quite large breats for a slender girl, awesome ass.

During introduction came across as a little rude but picked her as she was hottest lady working & found out her silence was more because of a communication barrier.

Service was very intimate, kissing ect. Body sliding followed by oral then sex. Nothing out of the ordinary but seemed very accomodating to my wants.

Would definitely see her again, only negative thing was the establishment which didn't seem the most hygenic I've ever visited.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 20th July 2010, 10:11 PM
Poster ID: Jim Pound
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Far Eastern Relaxation
77 Racecourse Road
North Melbourne

PH: (03) 9326 5933

$105 (30 mins)


Floor: #3
Post Time: 20th March 2011, 01:25 AM
Poster ID: kiril
Post Title: 
 Kitty at Far Eastern Relaxation
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name:  Kitty

Establishment :  Far Eastern Relaxation

Date of Visit:  18/03/2011

Contact Details/Address/Weblink:  77 Racecourse Rd North Melbourne

Hours of Business: 10am to late

Rates: $190 hour

Age:  25-30

Size/shape:  Slim and busty (enhanced D)

Nationality or Ethnicity:  South Korea

Services Provided:  GFE to PSE

Value for money/recommend?:  Highly recommended

My experience/comments: I started my booking at 3:30am and extended to 5:30am due to Kitty's friendly nature.  The session started as a GFE on the bed and led to a PSE experience on the sofa.  We indulged in DFK, DATY, BBBJ, rimming, safe sex in multiple positions resulting in massive cum load on her face, hair, tits (everywhere).  Don't ask for this exact type of service but rather treat Kitty gently in order to see how she responds to you.  YMMV.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 2nd June 2011, 09:52 PM
Poster ID: tifino
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name:Yuki

Establishment :far east relaxation

Date of Visit: Jan 2011

Contact Details/Address/Weblink:77 Race Course Rd Kensington

Hours of Business: 11 till late

Rates: $185

Age: early 30s

Size/shape: size 10, very fit body, 170cm

Nationality or Ethnicity: half Jap/Korean

Services Provided: GFE

Value for money/recommend?: very much so, as 77 has one of the best rates in that part of town

My experience/comments: Been returning here on and off ever since Yoko departed, hoping she would be the one to saunter in once again - alas no today again.

Intros included mainly short to medium koreans and thais. Yuki was the 1st in, and it was a no brainer that I called her back in.
She's quite a tall girl for an asian, which made kissing an even field for once  
Long black hair, fair skin. She has just the one tatt on her shoulder blade.
We shared that hr with a mix of mutual massage, kissing and some jiggy jig to round the experience off.
For this initual meeting Yuki, kindly refrained allowing daty, but the door was left open for next time.
Yuki was happy for me to return another time, but she disappeared suddenly.
Yuki re-appeared months later at Oriental Angels Blackburn, but that is another review......


Floor: #5
Post Time: 16th November 2011, 05:22 AM
Poster ID: gerov85
Post Title: 
 Double Review
				
Post Content: 
Highly Recommended Girls

Person's Name : Ella and Kelly

Establishment : Far Eastern Relaxation

Date of Visit : 5 November 2011

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 03 9326 5933 / 77 Racecource Rd, Flemington (North Melbourne)

Hours of Business :  11 AM - 6 AM (all girls usually come late, 12 to be safe)

Rates : $195 / hour (Full Service, charge +$6 for Eftpos)

Age : Ella (25-27, can't recall), Kelly (23, the most)

Size/shape : Ella (petite, but she gained some for the last 1 year, still slender), Kelly (slender)

Nationality or Ethnicity : Ella (Chinese), Kelly (Korean, look like Chinese tho)

Services Provided : Full Service. Refer to my comment

Value for money/recommend? : Fuck yeaaa...

The reason I put these two girls in one big review, because it happened in one night.

That Night...
One of my best mate came visiting from Brisbane. Since I've been here for a hadful years, I got to be a good host. Pick a restaurant, pick a bar, pick a stripjoint (Corner Elizabeth and Flinders).

Later that night....
As we chatted our night away, recalling things we did while we were at college back at our home country (where prostitution is illegal), we decided to spend the rest of our night to relieve our load. I was the host, so again...i picked the place, which is 7 Park Street (near Domain Interchange) for my mate. I did not pick anyone, since I had no intention to. My mate appreciated it and went on with a Chinese lady, which my mate admitted was really good. Proud being a good host. We moved on to another bar and went our separate way around 3 AM.

But wait...

Suddenly I recalled this one place, 77 Racecourse Rd, Flemington. You know, tipsy and horny will make you recall certain things. And there I went. Busy as shit. Was looking for my regular, Ella but she was occupied. So I decided to go with Kelly (never see her there before, at least not 6 months ago).

The Punt

Kelly
Kelly is Korean, who look like Chinese. Not too slim like typical Korean. I took 1 hour like usual and took a shower before she showed up on the room. We spent the first 15 minutes talking, getting to know her and make herself and myself comfortable. She started with with cat-bathing me (that's what I call for body licking), I stroked her body here and there. She gave me CBJ, which I would never complain. We went to MOT straight after that, and never change position. I loved to see her face when I did her. Her moan and her facial reaction was genuine, which I can always tell. First experience with any girl, I do not ask to much, but she definitely a taste to remember (kinda GFE).

Quick add, no boob job, which is quite rare among Korean. I didn't thing she needs it anyway

Only work Fri, Sat and Sun.

Next...

Ella
This girl was my regular. We shared a lot of story as we had a lot of similarities (will share in the next occasion). I waited for her 20 minutes after Kelly. Again another 1 hour. 

She showed up at the lounge where I waited and surprised. We haven't see each other at least 6 months. She hugged me, ask this and that. We went to the room, didn't take anymore shower, since we needed a quick catch-up. Ella knew what I wanted as always. I started with pussy-licking, she returned the favor with BBBJ, intense sex with a lot of FK, a soft but passionate sex, if you know what I mean. No restriction. 

Since I've been taking Ella for the last 2 years. Let me share her attributes a little bit. She was a really thin Chinese girl, but gained a little weight for the last 6 months but she is still thin. Not the most beautiful girl, but she is quite educated and great to talk with. She has a thick lips which I found sexy and crunchy voice which make her even sexier. One more thing, her boobs is not one of her good attributes. If you like big boobs, stay away from her. Unlike before, she only work on Sat and Sun.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 11th January 2013, 09:59 AM
Poster ID: BigBoy1537
Post Title: 
 Far Eastern Relaxation, North Melbourne
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Cici

Establishment : Far Eastern Relaxation

 Date of Visit : 19 December 2012

 Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 77 Racecourse Rd, North Melbourne. Telephone: 03 9326 8388

 Hours of Business : 10 a.m. - Late

 Rates : Nude massage: $65 for 30 minutes Sunday-Thursday; $75 Friday and Saturday
 Full Service: $110 for 30 minutes 

Age : mid 20s

 Size/shape : slim/curvy

 Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

 Services Provided : Nude massage with a happy ending

 Value for money/recommend? : 

I saw 'Far Eastern Relaxation' advertised in my local newspaper. They are located not far from me, and are close to public transport, so I gave them a call.

I visited the parlour in December 2012 and was greeted by a Chinese girl called Cici. She took me inside to one of the private rooms and asked me what I wanted. I said that this was my first time here and that I would try the 30 minute nude erotic massage.

She told me to undress and lie face down on the bed and then left the room saying she would be back in a few minutes.

About three minutes later Ci Ci knocked on the door and then entered. She took off her clothes and then got on to the bed, straddling me.

She gave me a good, 'proper' massage with oil for about 20 minutes, initially quite firm on my back and shoulders and then softer and more sensual on my thighs and bum. By this stage I was starting to get a bit aroused.

She then asked me to turn over and started massaging my chest, and then slowly worked her way down to my genital area. She put some oil on my now erect cock and started stroking and rubbing it, initially gently and slowly and then harder and faster until I came.

I had a great orgasm. She knows what she is doing! After I had finished she gave me a light kiss and then wiped me up.

She thanked me for coming and invited me to come back for full service next time - for an extra $45.

I would go back to see her again. Overall a very pleasurable experience and good value.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 21st May 2013, 04:02 PM
Poster ID: heythere031
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name: June

Establishment : Far Eastern Relaxation

Date of Visit: Late April

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: 77 Racecourse Rd North Melbourne

Hours of Business: 10am to late

Rates: $190 hour

Age: Early 20s?

Size/shape: Medium build

Nationality or Ethnicity: South Korea

Services Provided: Mechanical

Value for money/recommend?: 

My experience/comments: I dropped by late one Wednesday (around 1am) and was introduced to about 5 girls. Not too many pretty young girls here but most were at least average or better. I picked June who was the best looking of the line-up (in my opinion). In my experience, the good looking ones don't necessarily give the best service but I decided to take a gamble since I wasn't familiar with any of the ladies on that night.

Not too much to say about June. Her service was very basic, although she could speak fairly good English which is unusual for a korean lady. She went through all the motions - BJ, sex, missionary, doggy, massage. But all in all, I found her very cold and I guess we didn't really click.


Floor: #8
Post Time: 31st August 2013, 12:04 AM
Poster ID: native
Post Title: 
 Far Eastern Relaxation - my first time.
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Chloe

Establishment : Far Eastern Relaxation

Date of Visit : July 2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Brothel Melbourne | Brothel in Melbourne

Hours of Business : 

Rates : $110/30 min

Age : 24

Size/shape : 8

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : FS

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : Real GFE.

Paid a visit to Far eastern relaxation in North Melbourne a few weeks ago. They had about five ladies on a Friday afternoon. I settled for Chloe, a small thing from Thailand. All real with loads of character - and no tatts or piercings, which is good because I find both a real turn off. She must have known it was my first time and was very gentle with me. She gently kissed my balls before donning the obligatory condom. In the end I chose to shoot my wad over her tits - and her only concern was that she didn't want it over her face. We were lucky, because I had saved up a huge load, and it was touch and go there for a minute. These guys are fairly reasonably priced - $110 for a half hour - so I'll be back.


Floor: #9
Post Time: 30th October 2013, 06:54 PM
Poster ID: rfunapw
Post Title: 
 Far Eastern Relaxation Club
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Kelly

Establishment : 77 Racecourse Road

Date of Visit : 06/06/2013

Hours of Business : 10am till late

Rates : $90 20 mins

Age : Guess early 30's

Size/shape : B cup, slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Erotic Massage/FS

Value for money/recommend? : Cheap, rooms a bit dim but good enough for the price, nice selection of women.

My experience/comments :

Friend and I were bored one night, after a massage only. Sure enough most of the usual places were closed by the time we got around. Barabings had no free girls and could not be bothered waiting around. Stumbled accross Far Eastern Relaxation, looked pretty quiet had a cheap erotic massage service ($60). 6 or 7 girls auditioned. I chose Kelly, couldn't remember which my friend chose, but tiny little korean looking girl.

Mamasman didn't ask for what service was required and a $90 FS assumed, what the hell, may as well go along with it.

Kelly was friendly and inviting. Got into the room, shower and a short wait. Kelly got straight into it with a nice CBJ. It looked like she was struggling but forced it down like a champ. Got up on top and rode it like a cowboy. Nice body... She got a bit tired and asked if I wanted to take control, went doggy for a little while longer before flipping her over and finishing up missionary. Shower and a hug and it was all good and well.

Will definately return, I think there is a more discreet car part around the back, but it was absolutely dead the night we went.


Floor: #10
Post Time: 8th December 2013, 12:54 AM
Poster ID: Franky.K
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Mika

Establishment : Far Eastern Relaxation

Date of Visit : Late Nov

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 77 Racecourse Rd North Melbourne

Hours of Business : 10 am till late

Rates : $110 for 30 mins

Age : late 20s

Size/shape : size 8-10. C/D cups

Nationality or Ethnicity : Half Korean Half Japanese

Services Provided : FS, CBJ

Value for money/recommend? : YES!

My experience/comments : 
I got bored one day, so decide to go to Far Eastern Relaxation. They have 4 ladies at that time. Settled with Mika because of her big boobs and warm smile. Paid the mamasan $110 and Mika took me to the room.

Mika is very friendly and like to chat. Got into the shower while she took care of her business. She came back while I was drying off. She asked me to unhook her bra and took off her undies. I was very hard at this point by just seeing her body. Beware, this girl really likes to tease you. She asked me to stand against the wall and she gave an amazing CBJ. I asked her to stop after a few minutes or else I will cum too early. We started with doggie, then mish and finishing up with CG. The view when she was on top is amazing. Shower, gave her a hug and good bye kiss.

Overall,
Look 8/10
Personality 8/10
Service 9/10

WIR - definately. 
When I go out I saw a stunning model looks K-girl walking around.


Floor: #11
Post Time: 19th July 2014, 09:55 PM
Poster ID: BrandoS
Post Title: 
 Far Eastern Relaxation - 77 Racecourse Rd, North Melbourne - 03 9326 8388
				
Post Content: 
[COLOR=#333333]Person's Name : Semma
[/COLOR]
[COLOR=#333333]Far Eastern Relaxation[/COLOR]

[COLOR=#333333]Date of Visit : 3/07/2014[/COLOR]

[COLOR=#333333]Contact Details/Address/Weblink : [/COLOR][COLOR=#545454]77 Racecourse Road, North Melbourne, 3051. Phone: ( 03) 9326 5933[/COLOR]

[COLOR=#333333]Hours of Business : 11am till 3am[/COLOR]

[COLOR=#333333]Rates : $200 an hour
[/COLOR]
[COLOR=#333333]Early 20's[/COLOR]

[COLOR=#333333]Size/shape : C cup, slim[/COLOR]

[COLOR=#333333]Nationality or Ethnicity : Taiwanese[/COLOR]

[COLOR=#333333]Services Provided : C[/COLOR]BJ[COLOR=#333333], [/COLOR]FS[COLOR=#333333], [/COLOR]

[COLOR=#333333]Value for money/recommend? : Should have complained to consumer affairs[/COLOR]

[COLOR=#333333]My experience/comments :[/COLOR]

[COLOR=#333333]Driving home after working late to finish a job, I began thinking about how to spend the extra $ from my overtime.  The next thing I knew I was pulling into the carpark at Far Eastern Relaxation for some of what their name suggests.

There were 4 girls on and although the Aussie was a little too curvy for my liking, the others were all nice.  Although I knew it was a bad idea, I chose he girl with the hottest body rather than the one I had the best connection with.  Before my punt I was dying to drop the kids off at the pool  so they directed me to the appropriate room.  Halfway through, the timer light turns off [/COLOR](already on when I walked in) and I'm stuck trying to finish the job in total blackness.  Eventually I get sorted and find Semma waiting of me at the door of the room.  I stripped off and dived into the shower, then dived out as it was icy cold and finished the job 5 minutes later when the hot water kicked in. Began to towel myself off, all of sudden a thunderous fart rips out from Semma's arse and she starts to giggle. I would't call myself a prude but I didn't find it the most sensual way to start a punt, particularly as it smelled like something had died inside her and was rotting in her stomach.  I got on the bed, slipped on a dom  and she began to smoke my pole.  Her technique was fair but she looked great with her pretty face and sexy lips bobbing up and down on my shaft.  Next I spun her around and started a little doggie.  Again she looked great but was a bit of a dead fish and then after a few minutes another deafening trumpet rings out from her arse.  That in combination with the foul stench completely killed  my mood and my hardwood started to turn to floppy cardboard   To top off the bad experience the timer went off only 15 min after I'd entered the room.  I spun her around, stuck my rod in her mouth and crossed the line like that thinking at least her filthy exhaust pipe would be belching in the other direction.  
[COLOR=#333333]
[/COLOR]As I put my gear back on, I started laughing to myself about how bad the experience was - Clueless Semma seemed to think it was because I was happy! Anyway - you win some, you lose some so next time I'm feeling toey, I definitely won't be visiting Semma


Floor: #12
Post Time: 20th July 2014, 11:31 AM
Poster ID: KingCock
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Next time bring a lighter and have it ready for when Semma lets out a whopper, that will teach her some manners!


Floor: #13
Post Time: 21st July 2014, 11:05 AM
Poster ID: johnnydtf
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Wow. Talk about odd experiences lol.


Floor: #14
Post Time: 21st July 2014, 05:39 PM
Poster ID: Elfang
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Now that is a review......


Floor: #15
Post Time: 29th September 2014, 03:30 PM
Poster ID: innocentflight1
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Name: Stephanie
Establishment: Far Eastern Relaxation
Date of visit: July 2014
Contact details: Racecourse Road, North Melbourne
Rate: $110 30 mins
Age: mid 20s
Size: horribly skiny, anorexic
Nationality: Chinese
Services: Full service, didn't request anything else
WIR: definitely not
My experience :

This is from a couple of months ago. I haven't been back since.

Stephanie is anorexic. Looked very skinny in the intro, but was wearing a very long dress and I didn't realise exactly how skinny she was. Just all skin and bones. Felt very sorry for her. She must have been unwell. Had a hard time getting it up as this was a very new experience for me.  She had a very pretty face, but her body shocked me. As soon as the deed was done I made an excuse and legged it out of there.

0/10 very weird experience.


Thread Title: Far Eastern Relaxation - 77 Racecourse Rd, North Melbourne - 03 9326 8388
Floor: #16
Post Time: 11th November 2014, 02:56 PM
Poster ID: au2cn
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
That's a brothel. should this move to the establishment section?


Floor: #17
Post Time: 20th November 2014, 12:37 PM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by au2cn


That's a brothel. should this move to the establishment section
"""



Thank you au2cn.

Moved from Bronze Lounge and merged with this thread.


Floor: #18
Post Time: 25th March 2015, 01:48 PM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Mona

 Establishment : Far Eastern Relaxation

 Date of Visit: 25/3/2015

 Contact Details/Address/Weblink: 77 Racecourse Rd North Melbourne

 Hours of Business: 11am to late

 Rates: $115 30mins

 Age: 25

 Size/shape: short stocky c-cups

 Nationality or Ethnicity:Japan

 Services Provided: fs

 Value for money/recommend?: shes a nice girl.

I was looking forward to seeing mona after a 4 week break from her.This is ex yuri from romantics. The aussie male receptionist confirmed she was there when I arrived at 10.15am this weds. I told him ill book her but it wont hurt for the other girls to think they have a chance and he agreed for me to meet the lot. Mona was 2nd wearing her frilly white undies and bra with the satin fabrict behind. I told the receptionist, its like going for a job interview and the jobs already taken, and he laughed, regarding the other 2 girls.

I had to ask mona why she left romantics, and she told me she transferred to night shift and simply didn't get enough bookings. I was shocked, I think she looks spectacular, and would be in the top 50% of any lineup. She became naked while lieing next to me, and asked me with a cheeky smile, if she would like her to start sucking me and I said ok. After she applied the condom, she asked if I wanted some of this, turning so I could lick her. Her technique very slow and soft,with a warm mouth, she also rubbed my balls to enhance the pleasure.

She was moving around a bit as I licked her, and this went on for a few mins. I then requested sex where she sat on me, facing me, as it pierced her entry, and a tight pussy fit was felt for a few mins. Her moaning away lightly, she doesn't carry on too much which is great. I then turned her over while still inside her, and pumped away missionary and her natural lube kicked into gear, giving more freedom. I was pleased she hadn't applied lube and that doesn't happen that often with me.

I soon requested oral again but with her knickers on, and she was ok with this. She sucked again sitting to the side, then she swungaround and planted her undies in my face. I had become slightly bored and requested sex again, and no complaints, we enter missionary with some lube applied, then lie down doggy for a few minutes, with her yelping softly as I pumped her, and I was able to reach a satisfying orgasm.

   After the shower we chatted and she has stopped her English studies and she has now entered business studies. Mona is a friendly co-operative girl with no visable ego problem.She really is a sweet cute Japanese girl who is fairly structured. I may see her one more time,but beyond that, my lust for her has dropped off a little. She is working weds thurs and fri, and beyond that just check with management if your interested in her.


Floor: #19
Post Time: 23rd November 2017, 04:53 PM
Poster ID: tryhardaussie
Post Title: 
 Far Eastern Relaxation - 77 Racecourse Road North Melbourne, 3051 - 03 9326 8388
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Gita

Establishment : Far Eastern 

Date of Visit : November

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Far Eastern Relaxation | Adult Services North Melbourne 77 Racecourse Road North Melbourne, 3051 03 9326 8388 


Hours of Business : Midday till the wee small hours

Rates : $220 Hr

Age : 28

Size/shape : Curvy

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai/Indian

Services Provided : CBJ HJ 

Value for money/recommend? : I thought so

My experience/comments :

Those that have read most of my reviews know that my preference is toward RnT with the occasional BBBJ thrown in for good measure.
This time i didn't want a punt and I didn't want my usual fare which is either Chinese or more commonly now Vietnamese girls. 

Somewhere in my distant memory I recalled Far Eastern having a varied selection of girls and rooms were big, spacious ones now that's what I was looking for.
I trundled up the staircase of shame to be greeted by a Eastern European dude who arranged the intro's. One of the early ones in was Gita and she had some appeal. After going through the lineup I settled on Gita and paid the dude, of to the room.
I was asked to shower and by the time I had finished Gita was there. Timer in hand. She didn't start it until I was on the cot. 

Here's the thing...at these establishments there is no thrill of the chase...no pretend massage......no bait and switch and no upsell to nude or touching. Just good old fashioned "this is what you get for your money" bang!!!!

Straight off with her clobber and immediately started a cat bath curling her hands around my sack and crack and giving junior a fairly decent going over at the same time. 

Gita has a very nice set of cans that aren't too big but fill a "C" cup nicely.  and a laser pussy that is very well shaped if you like them tidy. 
In fact after her good attempts at CBJ I was also tempted to dine at the Y. Sweet as honey and responsive at least...some moaning but I asked her to stop with that and she did but got wetter and wetter. 

Finished me off with more CBJ then a very nice Hj to completion. 

Olive or dark skinned. Nice tits and a great attitude. adds up to good value. She works most days.

Cheers 
THA


Floor: #20
Post Time: 23rd November 2017, 11:18 PM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Foreman will be pleased to see a rare brothel review, not from him.


Floor: #21
Post Time: 15th March 2018, 08:25 AM
Poster ID: tryhardaussie
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Chloe

Establishment : Far Eastern

Date of Visit : March


Rates : $170-45

Age : 21

Size/shape : Slim 

Nationality or Ethnicity : PRC

Services Provided : BBBJ 

Value for money/recommend? : Sort of

My experience/comments : 
Visited here recently and as usual the line up was of 20-30 something Asian WL's. Some PRC some Vietnamese.
But all were do able IMHO however the youngest was Chloe who had some appeal.

Paid the freight and taken to my room and showered.
Chloe came in as I was drying and kissed me on the lips and trying amateurishly to slip the tongue in. WTF is she just new to this I wonder?

Explained in broken English that I didn't want Fucking or Gig a Gig or boom boom. Just Blowjob you know sucky sucky as I demonstrated with hands and mouth. A bit like Auslan I suppose.

The nipple licking I can do without...really it does nothing for me, so I guided her to the end goal.
She gave the gonads a brief going with light licking then started on the old boy.

Her technique to begin with was crap. So a training session began.
Using her fingers and my mouth I showed her what and how I wanted the service.

It took a little time but I didn't mind as she said thank you every time we added a new dimention.
She is cuteish with A-B tits that of course looked bigger in the intro.
Trimmed pussy that felt tight. She didn't lube up but got wetter as time and manipulation progressed.

In the end got me over line with CIM and a little gulp from her and again thanked me for helping her.
I got the feeling she was new to the industry...if she is not then a very fine actor indeed.


Floor: #22
Post Time: 23rd April 2018, 08:58 PM
Poster ID: putin
Post Title: 
 Lily - Far Eastern Relaxation - North Melbourne
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lily

Establishment : Far Eastern Relaxation

Date of Visit : 21.04.2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Boutique Brothel in Melbourne | Far Eastern Relaxation77 Racecourse Rd, North Melbourne

Hours of Business : 11am/12pm-12:30/2/3/5.30am

Rates : $170 45mins

Age : 30-35

Size/shape : Fattish, big boobs

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Standard, no Anal (finger in her butt OK)

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : 

Lily seemed friendly and nice, despite other women being much more attractive I just got a good vibe from her.  Standard intro and how do you do's, got me to undo her black lacy underwear with a bit of a "well done" for unclasping so quickly.

I'd asked her about anal, which she didn't provide, but motioned for me to touch her arse. She went into some good ball licking and cock sucking pretty quickly, got on all fours so I could rub her clit and arse with a bit of anal fingering which was fun.

She jumped on and rode me for a bit, then we quickly went into doggy.  It was a bit of fun I grabbed her hair and rode her a bit, and she didn't mind the arse play, but I wasn't feeling it.  I went a bit limp and laid down and asked her to blow me again.  This is where things got really interesting.

She replaced the dinger and proceeded to get me hard pretty quickly and.. deep throated (most of the way) my 7".  She might struggle with much more.  However her determination and efforts were second to none.  She slobbered on it, let me grab her hair let me fuck her throat for a bit. 

I was getting a bit too into so she pushed my hand away from the back of her head, but proceeded to please on another level.  She didn't miss a beat for probs 15-20 mins of quality, down the throat cock sucking magic.  When I nutted she gave it one last hoorah, and boy was it great.

I highly recommend Lily, however the venue has its issues.  Day time it's right on a busy road, the room was a bit old and crappy but good enough.  The other girls were hot, and I heard one sigh when she found out I didn't choose her and say "Oh, but I'm horny".  Great sign .


Floor: #23
Post Time: 30th June 2018, 09:15 AM
Poster ID: BigBoy1537
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lisa

Establishment : Far Eastern Relaxation

Date of Visit : 26 June 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 77 Racecourse Rd, North Melbourne, Telephone (03)93268388

Hours of Business : 11 a.m. to late

Rates : $120/30 minutes

Age : late 30s

Size/shape : curvy

Nationality or Ethnicity : Korean 

Services Provided : Massage, oral, sex

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : Lisa met me in the foyer and took me to one of the bedrooms. She asked me to shower and when I came out she was lying on the bed in a skimpy negligee. She asked me if I would like massage, I replied 'yes' and she asked me to lie on my tummy on the bed. The massage was quite good - initially quite firm and then getting softer and moving from my back to my thighs and bum. After about 10 minutes she asked me to turn over. She saw my now erect member, smiled, put on a condom and started sucking. She had a very nice technique and I was soon ready to penetrate her. I asked her to come on top first and I was able to suck and kiss her substantial breasts while we we doing it - very nice! We then switched to the doggy position and I came after a few minutes. Afterwards we just hugged for a couple of minutes. All in all a very pleasurable experience.


Floor: #24
Post Time: 6th September 2019, 07:16 PM
Poster ID: annie
Post Title: 
 Sonia Far Eastern Relaxation
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sonia

Establishment : Far Eastern Relaxation

Date of Visit : 17/8/2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 77 Racecourse Road, North Melbourne Vic 3051


Phone : unsure
Hours of Business : unsure

Rates : $120 half hour

Age : I guessed she should be 34

Size/shape : D cup, BBW 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Indian

Services Provided : BJ, DATY, FS

Value for money/recommend? : Fuck yes!

I was in the area in the Saturday night so head to Far Eastern Relaxation, pick a sexy BBW Indian girl.
She was wearing a sexy see through black panties and bra. She had ready big boobs and ass. 
Start with usual - shower and then she dried my, pushed me on to the wall, she started with damn French kiss and catbath. When I was standing against the wall. Then on the bed, she start with a really good covered BJ, ball licking. My hand was roaming her sexy body and light DATY was accepted. Her BJ was perfect, tongue action and motion was perfect. She then jumped on for cowgirl, perfect riding. After a few minutes, I took the game, missionary and damn great doggy, her ass was so big. I can't last long. She offered me some massage to cover the rest of time. 

Sonia was a  great girl, E cup, giant ass, perfect BJ.


