Thread Title: Ladies for Gentlemen - 339 Punt Rd, Richmond - 03 9429 8242
Floor: #1
Post Time: 23rd August 2010, 12:42 PM
Poster ID: Titan
Post Title: 
 Ladies for Gentlemen - 339 Punt Rd, Richmond - 03 9429 8242
				
Post Content: 
Establishment and/or person's Name:
Ladies for Gentlement, Richmond Melbourne - "Tara"

Contact Details/Address:
339 Punt Rd
Richmond VIC 3121
(03) 9429 8242

Hours of Business: (if known or applicable)
Open every day from 10am except christmas day they are closed

Prices:
$130 for 30 min to $460 for 120 mins

Age:
twenties?

Size/shape:
Slender

Nationality or Ethnicity:
Caucasian

Services:
Full service

Value for money/recommend?:
OK

Have had excellent experiences at LFG years ago, had not been there for a while. Rocked up with no booking, didn't seem to be many girls on. "Monique" introduced herself, older, enthusiastic but very thin. Not available for an hour. Tara was due to start in an hour, so I came back.

Tara was lovely to look at - young, very slender, gorgeous little ass. Tiny breats but great nipples. Booked her for 90 mins. She seemed a bit nervous at first - asked me three times "How's your day been?". She also fiuddled around for to long to get the CD player to work - on my time. I was there for sex not music, but I suppose it made her more relaxed which only helps. But once she got down to it, she was great. Apart from no DFK (a pity) she was very capable. Started with a long slow massage (had quite strong hands), moved to oral while waving her cute ass in my face. She let me play with her shaved pussy in this position but balked when I tried to insert a finger all the way in. After oral, she mounted me smoothly, then turned around. I loved watching and squeezing her little ass while she rode me, didn't seem to mind my lightly fingering her anus. I then took her from on top and we ended up doing doggy when I exploded inside her - hard not to do when you have a great view of that cute little bottom.

I still had the best part of an hour to go, so she resumed her fabulous massage, including my favourite - a deep foot massage which was fantastic. She finished up giving me a vigorous handjob until time was up. 

Overall ok, although not quite to the standard I remembered. I expected more choice, and they had always been willing to tongue kiss. But she was gorgeous to look at (and touch) and I still came out relaxed.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 8th September 2010, 08:46 AM
Poster ID: broke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
The Diminishing Marginal Rate of Satisfaction

For some reason this is about the only economic theory that I can remember from my Uni days, perhaps as its the only one that has any genuine validity.

Danni @ Ladies for Gentlemen

Over the years I have seen Danni on numerous occasions
She is curvy
Blond
Very nice tits that are generous
No oil painting
About 40.
Spotlessly clean
Very affectionate

Danni's strength, in the punting vernacular, was her tenderness.  Danni is great for that long slow gentle session that only the mature WL's can provide

Anyway back to Economic Theory.
Overtime the sessions with Danni have tended not to be so slow, gentle or tender as I remembered.
Is she losing her passion for her work or is my rate of satisfaction from Danni diminishing as it becomes more familiar?

Details
$180 for 45mins
Punt Road Richmond, near the MCG
Old Victorian two story house
It's a bit tired


Floor: #3
Post Time: 22nd November 2010, 05:35 PM
Poster ID: Megan Delaney
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I will be at LFG 3rd to 5th December. My shifts will be Friday 4pm - 12.30am, Saturday 10am - 6pm and Sunday 10am - 6pm

    Not long now!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! It's been nearly a year in the making.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 26th January 2011, 02:58 PM
Poster ID: nico5962
Post Title: 
 Kelly  LFG
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name:kelly

Establishment (if applicable):ladies for gentlemen

Contact Details/Addressunt rd richmond

Hours of Business: (if known or applicable)10am open

Prices:$230

Age:30

Size/shape:10

Nationality or Ethnicity:australian

Services:dfk,daty,cbj

Value for money/recommend?:great value for money

My experience/comments: (Here you must have at least 1 full sentence - "Ill be back" or "good value" is not a sentence or review. 20 word minimum please)

This visit was on Sat 22 2011

I have seen Kelly quit a few times now over the years and her service
hasnt deminished what so ever.
Kelly always has a smile on her face and greets you with great warmth and raunchyness
with every visit.
Kelly has her room which she loves to entertain you in (Green Room)....
Kelly loves to kiss and fondle with your privates and is more than happy for you to daty, 
We venture through a few positions, cow girl, doggy, missionary and of course 69....
Kelly allows cum on breast but YMMV.....
A great time was had and will be returning soon for more adventures with the lovely Kelly.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 24th January 2012, 02:38 PM
Poster ID: Blatchford
Post Title: 
 Ladies for Gentlemen - 339 Punt Rd, Richmond - 03 9429 8242
				
Post Content: 
In Melbourne for a couple of days last week, and driving back from  the Uni across town to St Kilda suddenly found myself at a t-junction with a nice Victorian house ahead with a notice outside saying 'Ladies for Gentlemen'.   Having had a fairly though day I felt like a little pampering, so parked the car around the back and got myself inside what I hadn't realized was one of the city's oldest-established brothels.   $140 is rather more than I'm used to paying, and I usually prefer Asian ladies – of whom there were certainly none available – but there was a delightfully petite little blonde who appealed.   She said she was 19 and a student, and when I got out of the shower giggled and said 'You remind me of my grandfather.'   Not sure how good that is as an opening line, but it wasn't in any way insulting as she accompanied it with a hug, which as we were both nude certainly didn't upset me.   Well, I don't know what she normally does with her grandfather, but he may be a very lucky old gentleman, because she was certainly not just efficient but enthusiastic and delightfully leisurely, timing the 30 minutes so that they seemed more like an hour.   She had a lovely little body with firm breasts and slightly dark prominent nipples which she enjoyed having sucked – but no more than she enjoyed whatever I did when playing with the completely smooth cunt, which had a rather prominent pink clit which seemed to grow between my lips.   She insisted on my lying back and taking it easy while she licked and sucked my balls and cock – at one moment lifting my legs so she could run her tongue from my anus up and over the balls and up to the tip of the cock; great stuff.   She then swivelled round so we could enjoy 69 for a while, and when she was thoroughly wet turned and lowered herself on me and moved very, very slowly until I came.   I did carefully note her name and have now stupidly completely forgotten it – I think something like Amy.   The place itself is pleasant, nicely furnished, clean and appealing.   I shall certainly be going down to Punt Road again next time I'm over there – the house incidentally is at 140, and there is a web site at ladiesforgentlemen.com


Floor: #6
Post Time: 24th January 2012, 07:38 PM
Poster ID: BadAussieBoy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Here is the correct website link:

home


Floor: #7
Post Time: 14th February 2012, 04:15 PM
Poster ID: poundedhat
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Anybody know what happened to Barbara of LFG, been a few years since she worked there, blond, tall, great tits, over 40


Floor: #8
Post Time: 29th April 2012, 11:56 PM
Poster ID: hushabomb15
Post Title: 
 Ducati
				
Post Content: 
Lady - Ducati
Prices - See website home
Vital stats - Ht 5'7", Sz 8-10, C cups, causasian, 30's (she's not listed on the website)

On Thursday night I was in Melbourne and had decided to punt (as you do)

And in walks in @Ducati. With her cheeky nature and awesome ass, she was a great choice. She then says "I'll do kissing, BJ's and 69 and all the things you'll like."  

When I decide to pay, she then says "I do all those things but you'll have to pay $50". So for $140 for1/2 hr, it now costs $190 for 1/2 hour. To which I said "nah I'll stick to the normal 1/2 hr"

Having committed to the punt I decided to go through with it (I'm in Melbourne so what the hell)

And basically the service like a "RnT" with CBJ and some cowgirl without the "R" (she did lick my inner legs and my arm which did actually feel erotic) and then I came on her body. 

Whilst I would be willing to pay that much for a punt in Melbourne, I don't like hidden charges. 

She is a pleasant lady and and quite pleasant. If your willing to pay the price. She is like a Ducati in that it is a ride you'll love to do yet be prepared to pay for it. 

Honestly I won't score this as this I am willing to go back to Melbourne and (maybe) ride a Ducati. 

Whatever the case, let the buyer beware


Floor: #9
Post Time: 9th June 2013, 04:26 PM
Poster ID: Koala77
Post Title: 
 Natasha - Ladies for Gentlemen
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Natasha

Establishment : ladies for Gentlemen
                      339 Punt Road, Richmond
                       9249 8242

Date of Visit : 4/6/13

Hours of Business : 10 until late

Rates : F/S $140 30 mins $230 60mins

Age : Described as Mature and I would guess late 40's

Size/shape : Size 8, D cup, slender

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai, with good English

Services Provided : massage, FS

Value for Money/recommend: Yes

My Experience: not a great looking establishment but never had a bad experience there. Went on this occassion and found two girls on. I chose Natasha a mature Thai lady, whose clothed body didn't do justice to what was underneath. Went to the room for a quick cuddle then showered. On the bed I was treated to a little strip tease and discovered some very nice breast, full and firm and good looking figure. Given a little massage before rolling over for some cuddling and feeling her body, whilst she rubbed me. A covered blow job, that wasn't long but quite intense with lots of tongue twirling. She then lowered herself on me and felt very tight. Quick change to doggy, with her in the mirror was enough to finish me. Another short massage and shower to finish.

although the girls are often more mature herer I always leave satisfied.


Floor: #10
Post Time: 17th November 2013, 01:59 PM
Poster ID: Aperfectstranger
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
This building is now up for sale with the signage taken down.
Can anyone confirm that it has actually shut down?


Floor: #11
Post Time: 17th November 2013, 05:48 PM
Poster ID: Keyser Soze
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
http://news.domain.com.au/domain/rea...919-2u0sv.html

Confirmed and passed in at auction guys. This place is no more


