Floor: #1
Post Time: 3rd August 2018, 11:30 PM
Poster ID: canberra4u
Post Title: 
 Badham Massage - Level 1, 6/5 Badham St Dickson ACT
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Emily

Establishment : Badham Massage

Date of Visit : July 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Level 1, 6/5 Badham St Dickson ACT

Phone : N/A

Hours of Business : 10am-10pm

Rates : $85/hr - $100 extras 

Age : Late 20s?

Size/shape : Petite

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian

Services Provided : CBJ + FS

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : 

So I decided on the back of some positive reviews to venture into Dickson yesterday afternoon to see what was on offer at Badham St Massage.

I'm please to let those regulars and previous reviewers know that Emily is still there and she told me she is now planning to stay in Canberra for a long time rather than go back to Melbourne. So be good to her so she hangs around a while longer.

All the previous reviews are very accurate...she is a friendly lady who provides a pretty good massage at the start...including hot rocks. Her massage is good for what the real game is there and there is definitely not a lot of teasing or eroticism in the original stages of the massage...but the minute I flicked she was on to the real reason for the visit. Very quickly offered HE for $50...I told her I had a little more and asked what else might be on the menu...she said $100 and everything was possible. Anyhow got her the $ and she basically gave a very medicore front body rub and as soon as the little boss was awake and ready she put the cover on a jumped on top....she was only a little active and within a few minutes said to go to missionary. Anyhow she liked a good bit of action in missionary and it was there I finished. She was good and once cleaned up she did a head and foot massage for the reminder of the time.

Next time I'd like to see if the sofa next to the table might provide some fun positions. One the way out I notice another young lady...petite and very cute in the kitchen area...there is certainly some talent here and this could be a good playground over the future.

Overall a good experience at a reasonable price point...Emily is certainly not the most energetic service provider when it comes the real game...but she does enough to get you across the line...and she is friendly and good natured.

Enjoy everyone.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 13th August 2018, 01:16 PM
Poster ID: Davo288
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks for that review.  I only saw that place for the first time the other day and did wonder if they offered extras, so thanks for confirming that for me.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 19th August 2018, 04:37 PM
Poster ID: WOTAN01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by Davo288


Thanks for that review.  I only saw that place for the first time the other day and did wonder if they offered extras, so thanks for confirming that for me
"""



Davo please note that you can Thank a member for the review by hitting the Thank icon on the lower line of the review in the shaded area. You will find other icons as well.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 12th May 2020, 01:22 PM
Poster ID: mojo2017
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Unknown

Establishment : Badham Street massage

Date of Visit : March 2020, just before lockdown

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Level 1, 6/5 Badham St Dickson

Phone :

Hours of Business : unknown

Rates : $80/30min massage and RnT

Age : 40s

Size/shape : size 8 - 10

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian

Services Provided : massage, RnT

Value for money/recommend? : not really

My experience/comments : I had a few things to do in Dickson, just before the COVID-19 lockdown, and I thought i would try a massage here.

Payment of the massage ($50) was straight forward, and I was ushered into a clean and tidy room. The masseuse came in where I straight up asked for a hand job finish. She quoted $30 and I happily accepted. She was in her 40s, reasonably attractive, but wanted more money for her to take her clothes off. I didn't want to pay more.

I fully stripped off and lay on the table. I was pleased that she didn't use a towel to cover my butt. The massage lasted about 20min and was very firm...much firmer than Cat in Franklin. Unfortunately there wasn't much touching of the tackle. On the flip the massage ended and she oiled up my cock straight away. Her technique was very vigorous...think working a piston, with no variation in speed, and only little a amount of playing with the balls.

Nevertheless, it got me over the line. Cleaned up quickly, then out of there in a flash. Won't be returning for a second visit.


