Thread Title: Chinese Point Massage - 36 Corinna St Phillip -  0411 288 606
Floor: #1
Post Time: 24th October 2017, 04:05 PM
Poster ID: Brotherman
Post Title: 
 Chinese Point Massage - 36 Corinna St Phillip -  0411 288 606
				
Post Content: 
Couldn't see a bronze thread for Chinese Point massage so thought I'd just make one to let you all know that Katy has a sign up saying she is away and will be back early November (I think it was the 3rd).

Cheers
Brotherman


Floor: #2
Post Time: 21st October 2018, 03:38 PM
Poster ID: nefarious
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Chinese Point Massage - 36 Corinna St Phillip - 0411 288 606

Person's Name LENA

Establishment : CHINESE POINT MASSAGE

Date of Visit : October 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Chinese Point Massage - 36 Corinna St Phillip - 0411 288 606

Hours of Business : 10-7pm?

Rates :$50 30mins + tips

Age : Mid 20's

Size/shape : 8

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese 

Services Provided : Massage, SNHJ 

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : 

In town for work and usual scenario.... time to spare.. By Design? 😅

I've been to Point Massage numerous times , 2016-17 , then however Katy was struggling to compliment her own charms with a crew that could include younger women.

As has been described previously Katy is mature and likely mid late 50's ? Maybe more,  don't matter as she is quite statuesque and graceful and always impeccably  groomed. Her massage pt1 is up there with Val Halla and her Pt.2 , very adept skilled and will confidently slowly bring you to climax 

Highly enjoyable 

Now however , there are a few young student types on her books.

I had recently been and was disappointed by one encounter. Cutish early 20's Chinese  girl ( forgot name) . Dressed in bib brace overalls and ponytail . Clearly new and highly inexperienced and unable to grasp the fundamentals even if asked and shown - pt1. Poor pt.2 meh. Perfunctory . Though to her credit , she did try.

I did spend quite some time after the session chatting to Katy about the importance of ensuring her staff can perform. Both 1& 2 of the session. More so with the prices been charged, which are up there with legit shops . Katy took onboard the feedback , though I wasn't sure how she was going to deal with the QA.

As for the shop itself it's turned out like Katy stylish and impeccable . Only down is no Shower.

 Text and a quick response , yes Lena is on., you come when? Now I reply, in 10 mins.

Ok

I walk in a smile of recognition a brief chat about where had I been and about Lena.

Into the well appointed room. Low lighting ,  carpeted, large mirror , steam, scented , good music!!   super clean , wide massage table . Walls are full height and not paper thin. However muted conversations, if you care, can be heard. 

I say 30 mins. And Katy departs. Note money not yet taken.

I strip . And sit on the edge of the bed and stand when Lena walks in. She smiles as we have seen each other previously.

Lena is the classic working student . Girl Next Door cute longish hair , nerdy glasses,  approx  mid 20's. Maybe younger maybe older 

Straight off I ask for Pt.2 and she's a little thrown, but smiles. Asks if I want her naked I say please. Now sydney gents may consider nude is nude . Here in Canberra that could mean and does today mean semi with knickers (chaste white bonds)   left on and jeans comically pulled down to her ankles. 😊🤔

Lena is quite gorgeous. curvy and compact with the softest of pink coloured nipples , her breasts full C that defy gravity and soft white unblemished skin.

I sit and  she starts fast and firm on my shaft . I take her hand and tell her no , slow , let's do some edging please . A smile and we start again. For a short time Lena is doing great . Long soft slow strokes and great perineal and ass play . My bells getting also gentle tension applied . But before I know it wshe wants to reinvent the steam engine and Is hard at it ... please Lena slow . She smiles and takes on my comments and slows it right down .

I ask if I can touch gently and I am free to move my hands to her nipples ( that like light tweaking) some gentle sucking and outside pussy play. I also undo her and it falls beatirufuiy across her face.

For about 5 mins I'm suspended . Aroused , getting close then not . Fantastic  lens asks if I can lay down  as her backs a bit tight . Sure 

She moved in close and holds me firmer and brings up the tempo , I have one hand only able to reach and it is gently beteeen her thighs on her clit and around her labia , as she brings me closer , I move my fingers inside the edge of her church girl  knickers and feel her growing wetness . 

Lena tenses a little and I do no more than what I had begun and she begins to lean against my hand some more .  We've been in this place now for more than 10 -15  mins and I'm going to cum. I'm telling her and she knows it and she is caught a little off guard as she grinds against me and as I'm about to cum, Lena stumbles .

Remember she's only pulled her right jeans down to her ankles 

I get one almighty tug before her grasp is released and she topples.

We are both ok but both interrupted.

😅😂

Lena starts again and quickly I'm done ! 

I'm cleaned thoroughly washed with warm water everywhere 😊yum

My phone rings and it's work . I scoot early no massage. No big deal as whimsy Lena can massage it's still light and glittery 

I tip $50 , for the SNHJ as that's what's been asked and feisty with a smile from Lena. Pay Kary on the way out . Quick feedback and gone 

To return? Next Canberra trip yes as I'm sending Lena is slowly opening up


Floor: #3
Post Time: 12th April 2019, 03:44 PM
Poster ID: Matt9
Post Title: 
 Chinese point massage phillip ACT
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Adina

Establishment : Chinese Point Massage

Date of Visit : 5/4/19

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 36 Corinna st phillip ACT

Phone :0411288606

Hours of Business : 9-7

Rates : 80 - 30 for extras

Age : 30

Size/shape : slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : chinese

Services Provided : hand job 

Value for money/recommend? : yes

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

Finished work early so thought i would duck in to chinese point to see if i could get a massage seeing as though i have had some great experiences over the years here. Walked straight in and was greeted at reception by the usual lady i cant think of her name. Then adina came out and took me to the massage room. I undressed and adina came back and was straight into the massage. Very teasey from the very start. Firm good massage. Closest thing to a legit massage i have had with this kinda service was told to turn over. Agreed to $30 but nothing else was offered other than hand job. She gave a very good handjob nice and firm until i came. Was hoping to get a bit more but it was still a good time. Am yet to have a bad time at chinese point!


Floor: #4
Post Time: 16th December 2019, 09:45 AM
Poster ID: Jondo
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Katy (She is the owner)

Establishment : Chinese Point Massage

Date of Visit : November 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 36 Corinna st phillip ACT

Phone : 0411288606 

Hours of Business : 9 - 7 (7 days a week)

Rates : $80 (60 mins) + $30 extras

Age : Late 40's

Size/shape : Thick set size 12

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian

Services Provided : massage with H/E

Value for money/recommend? : Definitely 

My experience/comments : 

Was at a loose end one Saturday afternoon and was surprised to be able to make a booking 30 mins before close. Katy remembered me and asked how long i'd like to stay and said don't worry about the time. I asked for 45 minutes. Off to the room which is quite small but clean as this presents as a very legitimate massage parlour inside an office building.
Katy didn't mention what clothing to take off, but it all came off anyway  Lying face down Katy walks in and commences the massage. She doesn't talk much which is what I like and she knows how to massage. If you lay down naked she will know what you are there for and if you haven't been there before she will ask you where you want to be massaged. If you notion to the bum area she will get what you're there for and not before long she will try a little TT. If you respond it will be on. She uses quite a lot of oil which you need to be ready for....I like it as she does a lot of reaching through which is just awesome. Katy will now spend most of the massage applying oil and massaging your balls and reaching through grabbing your cock and as you raise you're bum she will stroke it and occasionally pull it back between your legs. This now goes on for some time...its an immense amount of teasing....
On the flip....I don't recall if she asked about H/E as I've been before. A little more oil and Katy starts the tease and work up. Katy often wears thick black tights under a dress/skirt. While I was enjoying the stroking i decided it was time to see respectfully see what else was on offer and started to rub her bum on the outside to no objection. Not before long my hand wondered under her dress and around to her pussy and i started to rub from the outside....she moans a little and I continue to rub her until I blow.
A nice cleanup with warm towels and finished with a scalp massage.
There's something that always get's me about legit massage premises that provide that extra touch when you least expect it....This is not your normal cheep looking Asian massage shop. Enjoy!


Floor: #5
Post Time: 7th March 2020, 10:52 AM
Poster ID: Crofter
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
FWIW

The above is quite accurate,  Visited during abusiness trip.  understanding shop is now closed.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 7th March 2020, 01:25 PM
Poster ID: antares01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
The shop sign was out on the footpath yesterday so suspect still open.


