Thread Title: Chrisindys Adult Massage - 7A Kembla St, Fyshwick ACT - 02 6280 7578
Floor: #1
Post Time: 5th April 2014, 09:40 PM
Poster ID: Dantheman
Post Title: 
 Chrisindys Adult Massage - 7A Kembla St, Fyshwick ACT - 02 6280 7578
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Pheobe

 Establishment : Chrisindy's

 Date of Visit : 05/04/2014

 Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Google Chrisindys

 Hours of Business : 11am to late

 Rates : $130 30 min

 Age : early 20's 

 Size/shape : No idea, B maybe C

 Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

 Services Provided : Erotic Massage

 Value for money/recommend? : Mmmm maybe

 My experience/comments : 
Went to Chrisindys today because I wanted a massage from an Aussie gal and the roster looked promising. 4 girls on and all early 20's...

Holly and Chloe come and introduce themselves and both are quite nice looking and I would happily have chosen either to spend some time with.... Then Phoebe walks in. Holy crap she is absolutely gorgeous. Blonde haired, blue eyed and a small tight body! Stunning!

Massage was good, although I was a bit sore from a gym session so a firmer touch would have been heaven but I cant complain, I was getting rubbed down by a hot girl in her early 20's while touching her tight ass and perfect handful of breasts. Then when the time came for her to perform her handywork she did a great job of building up the tension and finished me off right on the stroke of fulltime! 

Overall very good, very pretty girl. And I guess you pay extra for aussie girls so I cant complain.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 30th July 2015, 05:19 PM
Poster ID: rabbit01
Post Title: 
 Chrisindys in Canberra
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Venus

Establishment : Chrisindys

Date of Visit : April 2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Adult Services Canberra | Erotic Massage Canberra | Adult Fyshwick | Chrisindy's

Hours of Business : 11am-12am

Rates : $170 for 45 minutes

Age : early-mid 30's I would estimate

Size/shape : Curvy and fuller figured

Nationality or Ethnicity : Anglo

Services Provided : Nude massage with happy ending

Value for money/recommend? : Was on the more expensive side but was worth it

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

Upon arrival I was let in by the gent on the desk who showed me to the waiting room where I was shortly joined by Venus. She was quite pleasant and explained to me how they worked as it was my first visit. After that she ran me through the menu of extras, which was quite long and includes body slides, Spanish etc but they are a NFS venue. I didn't opt for any extras so I paid and was shown into a quite spacious and relatively nice room. She asked me to undress and checked me over for and STD's etc. Then I had to have a quick shower and wash down before the massage began (part of their requirements). The shower was in the same room so I could watch her undress and get ready for the massage. Then laying face down I received a reasonable relaxation style massage with plenty of oil for about 25 minutes before rolling over for the happy ending. She took her time with this and was quite skilled and 'enthusiastic' and allowed for breast and body touching. Then before long it was all over and she continued the massage with my remaining time before I showered again and left. Overall quite good if not a little on the pricier side. Massage 7/10 extras 9/10.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 6th July 2018, 08:11 PM
Poster ID: PeterMeale
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Does anyone know if it's true that Chrisindys is re-opening in a new location?


Floor: #4
Post Time: 29th August 2018, 01:16 AM
Poster ID: foxtelgo79
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by PeterMeale


Does anyone know if it's true that Chrisindys is re-opening in a new location
"""



Yeah mate, in the same building as Meretrix, same owners too. Looks like it will be a bit of an upgrade of facilities etc. Will be good to have some better competition in the market.


