Thread Title: Dong Fang Traditional Chinese Massage - Isaacs - 02 6262 7376
Floor: #1
Post Time: 16th December 2019, 10:43 AM
Poster ID: Jondo
Post Title: 
 Dong Fang Traditional Chinese Massage - Isaacs - 02 6262 7376
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : She didn't say...was a little coy when I asked

Establishment : Dong Fang Traditional Massage

Date of Visit : December 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 6 Farr Place, Issacs

Phone : (02) 6262 7376   

Hours of Business : 9 -9 (7 days a week)

Rates : $85 Lomi Lomi + $50 extras

Age : Mid 40's

Size/shape : 10

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian

Services Provided : Topless H/E

Value for money/recommend? : Massage a little expensive but extras yes.

My experience/comments : I had seen a review for this place before but can' find it hence posting a new review.

So decided to give this pace a go as i had never been and don't mind a new punt. Walked in and greeted by a lady behind the counter which is on your left when you walk in. She asks what i would like and encourages me to the LOMI massage which i agreed (i think this is a bit expensive for what i got). She show me to a room which is first on the right when you walk in. It's quite large and has a mattress on the floor with rather tired old feeling sheets. No instructions on clothing so i take it all off and lay face down. Another lady walks in wearing black tights and a dress, kneels down to commence the massage using mostly forearms and some light oil. There is no TT at all.....dissapointing when you're there naked. The massage was quite good and firm and as i asked for an hour, seemed to go on forever. 
On the flip she notions the international sign language for hand job  so i ask how much? $50 and will take top off so i say yes. Top and bra come off exposing 40 yr old B cup breasts followed by oil and stroking. I reach up feeling her breasts and she leans forward as i suck and lick on her nipples. My hands wondering over her ass and i notion her to take off her tights....i expected to hear a price rise at this request but was pleasantly surprised when the tights came down while she was kneeling showing a little G string. While rubbing her pussy i encouraged her to pull down her G string for which she didn't hesitate. Now rubbing her pussy all over and playing with her clit she becomes wet and i insert my finger inside her....she moans....she feels tight while kneeling...she stokes me faster as i finger her faster...i look to add another finger inside her when i blow   and she continues to stroke. I'm cleaned up and on my way. This place is busy for a suburban massage parlour....must be a well known shop


Floor: #2
Post Time: 16th December 2019, 01:21 PM
Poster ID: Stroke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Interesting review, but no ladies name makes it of little value for someone wishing to book or avoid the lady.     Reviews are about the lady not the shop.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 7th March 2020, 04:18 PM
Poster ID: Skwdn
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Vivian

Establishment : Dong Fang Traditional Chinese Massage

Date of Visit : 07 March 2020

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 6 Farr Pl, Isaacs ACT 2607

Phone : (02) 6262 7376

Hours of Business : 8:30am to 9:30pm - 7 Days

Rates : $75/hr + $50 for HJ

Age : Early 20s

Size/shape : Slim, B Cup

Nationality or Ethnicity : MLC

Services Provided : Relaxation Massage + HJ with boob touching!

Value for money/recommend? : Better than getting a massage from a 40 year old!

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

This was my second visit to this establishment, and the first after its relocation.
My last visit ended up in a massage from an overenthusiastic 40+ yo ML. So wasn't expecting much.

However this time, I was pleasantly surprised to be greeted by a very pretty Vivian who led me into a comfortable and clean room.
Young MLs are a rarity in the ACT, so I was excited to see what was on offer.

The massage itself was pretty decent, with a lot of patient work on the back, legs and bum. 
Her palms were very soft (clearly not of mileage yet) and felt very nice. Not a lot of TnT, but she did get close at times.
Another plus was that she could converse in English, which was a very good change from the norm.

At the 40th minute mark, I was asked to flip and asked if I wanted "special massage" for $50, to which I agreed. The HJ itself was mechanical, however we kept conversing so wasn't all that bad.
She allowed me to feel her tits and nipples, but that's about it. 

Overall I felt it was a better experience than with a 40+ yo ML who lets you do more with her. 
That being said, YMMV!


Floor: #4
Post Time: 30th May 2020, 05:15 PM
Poster ID: Skwdn
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Gena

Establishment : Dong Fang Traditional Chinese Massage

Date of Visit : 30 May 2020

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 6 Farr Pl, Isaacs ACT 2607

Phone : (02) 6262 7376

Hours of Business : 8:30am to 9:30pm - 7 Days

Rates : $75/hr + $100 for extras

Age : 40s

Size/shape : Slim, C Cup

Nationality or Ethnicity : MLC

Services Provided : B2B + BJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

First day of stage 2 in the ACT, and I just had to visit the establishment I visited last just before shutdown.
Wasn't asked for the app, or any personal information, although there was a stack of forms on the counter requesting the same. I guess that's for coppers/govt officials to fill when they visit 
Unfortunately the younger ML was booked, so I had to settle for Gena who is in her 40s.

Once she had sanitised her hands, she got to work on a decent massage. Not a lot of teasing for the first 40 minutes.
And then she started paying specific attention to the sensitive bits. 
Then she offered HJ for $30, $50 for NHJ, $70 for CBJ, or $100 for B2B +CBJ.

Its been 2+ months since my last massage, so I decided to go for the highest offer.
She absolutely stole the show from there.

Despite her age, she has cute natural breasts, which she used to maximum effect in the B2B.
Then popped the dom, and went to town with the BJ. I was no match for her, and came in a few minutes. 

While I would still prefer a younger ML, I think her service was very good and I may consider her again.


