Thread Title: Melissa - Ngunnawal - 0487 744 525
Floor: #1
Post Time: 29th October 2019, 06:04 PM
Poster ID: callaway999
Post Title: 
 Melissa - Ngunnawal - 0487 744 525
				
Post Content: 
Person name: Melissa

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : September 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0487 744 525

Hours of Business : Varies

Rates : 150/hr

Age : 50's

Size/shape : Petite

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : Full Service

Value for money/recommend? : Maybe

My experience/comments : 


It was remiss of me not to post this review earlier as my session with Mel was in September. I hadn't seen Mel in quite a while, but she seemed to remember me when I texted requested a booking. She must keep a log or something similar as her recollections of me were very detailed.

Anyway, proceeded with the booking – midday on a weekday, which was very easy to make.

Once I arrived, I was greeted by her at the door wearing only underwear which was pretty sexy. Lead into the "fun" room which was very different from the last time I visited. No massage table, mattress on the floor, a snake in a cabinet and a dog perched on the lounge to oversee proceedings – very weird.

Anyway, once on the mattress Mel was straight into a very good BBBJ with just the right amount of sucking and slurping. She seemed to be getting quite turned on herself and proceeded to wack on a condom and start fucking without asking. I must say this wasn't great as she seemed very loose. As a result, I could feel I was starting to go a little soft and had to ask her to stop and go back the BJ. She didn't seem very impressed, but hey, I'm the customer.

Over the line shortly after and she left, I think, to clean herself up and returned with a bowl of oil to massage my shoulders. I wasn't really interested and said thanks but no thanks and off I went.

Would I return? This is a difficult one. BJ skills were absolutely awesome but the whole experience (in front of pets) was a little weird. I probably will but I don't have a burning desire at the moment.


