Thread Title: Pinky
Floor: #1
Post Time: 6th July 2018, 09:24 AM
Poster ID: nefarious
Post Title: 
 Pinky
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Pinky

Establishment : private 

Date of Visit : November 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :currently not working. 

Hours of Business : N/a 

Rates : 190 1.5 hours 

Age : 30-35

Size/shape : C cup enhanced , slim 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai 

Services Provided : Massage HJ, will wear costumes on request 

Value for money/recommend? : Highly 

My experience/comments :

 I usually while in Canberra visit a number of Thai massage businesses, they provide usually very good trad thai or relaxing, swedish style massage depending on your requirement and tolerance for 'pain'. The service is great and in particular GAYASPA with their private closed rooms and discrete policy of removing as much clothing as you feel comfortable is balanced by a clear no extras and strictly professional though pleasurable experience.

Last Saturday I had been rostered on call and so on completion of work I felt the need for a massage.My usual places wore booked and so I looked online for advertisers, who made it clear they could provide a professional massage and irrespective of whether you chose to or not varying degrees of pleasure - the happy beginning, ending or variations of.

After calling a coupe of ads I noticed one that had some thoughtful photographs and clear description of proper massage, on a proper massage table and clear rules and expectations. On ringing I liked the sound of the voice -no nonsense but clear, polite. We made a time.

I booked for an hour. Pinky answered the door (gorgeous) and welcomed me with a great smile wrapped in a robe. What a beautiful woman. I was taken to the room and asked to undress. All a bit awkward for me as my 'first' ever massage where I had to lay there or wait buck naked.

Pinky came in we talked, had a drink and I then laid down for the massage to begin, only to be told to turn over for the happy beginning. Surprised you do as asked when a beautiful woman tells you. Pinky was skilled technician, gentle touch if a bit hurried and became worried that I would not come. I was becoming more worried for her arms and wrists as she became disconcerted and tried various alternate strokes. After I was told repeatedly to relax and that there was a happy ending still to come, minutes later I climaxed. Pinky was also very lovely in that she allowed me to lightly touch her and kiss her neck, waist, breasts as she brought me to climax. That over and feeling light I was ready for the massage.

Pinky for those who have met her is startlingly forthright and confident, she had humour and was clear as she undressed in her rules. I assured Pinky I would respect her space and body and the massage commenced. The massage was not what I had expected It could of been firmer and more assured. Was it enjoyable of course been in a room with a gorgeous younger woman who was all smiles , alternately puzzled face or furrowed brow and occasional laughter was a simple pleasure. 

The massage finished It was happy ending, though despite Pinkys focus and determination wanst to be.

Wlll I see Pinky again, I would think so and I would be clearer in the my massage needs on the day. Can I fault Pinky and her service, not at all. Friendly, welcoming ,no condescension, no sense of hurry. Of course there is a clock ticking, just didn't feel that way. Ill be in Brisbane for work and if there is time and I feel like been beside a beautiful woman Ill call Pinky.

Post script :

Pinky has left the business in March this year to focus on legit massage and other biz interests. 

Many here have been clients over many years and I have also had the pleasure of subsequently becoming a friend.  Though clearly at a loss, though gained in innumerable other ways.

Shame pinky hasn't thought to set up a consultancy as many shop owners and ML's Wl's As well could benefit from her knowledge, presentation  , and focus on customer relations and high level service


Floor: #2
Post Time: 6th July 2018, 04:41 PM
Poster ID: Stroke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
A review from November 2016 and no phone number is historic and no help to members looking for somewhere to book.     It does not count towards your review count.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 7th July 2018, 07:28 AM
Poster ID: nefarious
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
It aas a review I did here . Incorrect format so I did a reformat to comply.

Actually  stoker . I'd disagree .

Firstly I'm not posting a number as Pinky is currently 'not active'. 

Secondly , for those who enjoyed her massage , she is going to re enter the industry . Though she will herself only do legit. However if she does decide to take on staff another matter.

So call it as you like .
IMO Was passing on a bit of current intel on a great ML.

 Cheers


