Thread Title: Chok Dee Massage - 106 Gladstone St, Fyshwick - 0431 713 972
Floor: #1
Post Time: 2nd December 2014, 05:40 PM
Poster ID: Snapper79
Post Title: 
 Chok Dee Massage - 106 Gladstone St, Fyshwick - 0431 713 972
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Didn't ask her

Establishment : Chok Dee Massage

Date of Visit : December 2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 106 Gladstone St Fyshwick. Open 24/7, in/out. Phone 0431 713 972. 

Hours of Business : 24/7

Rates : $60 1/2 hr nude massage with hj, $80 1/2 hr massage with CBJ, $100 FS

Age : n/k looked early 30's

Size/shape : small petite body, little titties from what i could see under tshirt

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Massage and robotic HE

Value for money/recommend? : There's better value around IMHO

Decided to go for a punt at this place against my better judgement. Quoted the 'special opening rate' of $60 1/2 hr nude massage.

Off I go, nude up and await the lady. In comes a petite Thai lady, early 30's I think. She strips down and I see a set of tiny A cups. Doesn't go fully nude. Danger Will Robinson. Honestly, the massage wasn't too bad and was better than places like Back and Foot. Elbows and fingers probe deep into areas which I pointed out earlier as spots to work on. Not much oil either, as opposed to the smattering of oil like it was water onto a fire. English wasn't too good she tells me. I think that'll change if I ask for more.

Get flipped over and she straddles me, lubes me up and a strange robotic HJ starts. I reach up to touch her titties to which she pulls back. Tells me another $30 to touch. Funny that, bad English - more like selective English to me. Eventually she relents and I get to cup her tits as she straddles me, rocking back and forth, one hand on the old fella and the other manipulating my nipple. She starts to grind against her own action, fake moaning.

I come out of sheer bemusement more than excitement. I didn't actually know what to think when I actually came. Bit of shock, horror, and disappointment rolled into a single emotion of "WTF just happened?!?"

For $60 it's a bit of crap IMHO. I could spend $50 on Lisa for the quickie suck and fuck, $70 with Baby for the same but longer, both with BBBJ and FS.

It's a new Thai place that actually spruces 'massage' rather than full service. There's a specific massage only room with the table and beds for the other action. Didn't have a good look at the other places but I wonder what the service will be. 

Guess that's why it's called punting. Sometimes you win, sometimes you strike out.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 3rd December 2014, 12:29 AM
Poster ID: Dantheman
Post Title: 
 Chok Dee Massage - 106 Gladstone Street Fyshwick
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Annie

Establishment: Chok Dee Massage

Date of Visit: 02/12/14

Contact Details/Address: 106 Gladstone St, Fyshwick

Hrs of Business: Apparently 24/7

Rates: Anywhere from $50 upwards, on this occasion $60 for 20 min massage with happy ending

Age: Early 30's I guess? 

Size/Shape: Small, petite

Nationality: Thai? But don't quote me on that!

Services Provided: Massage with happy ending

Value for money?: I think so 

My experience:
I was feeling a bit bored on the way home so I decided to have a look around at the talent on display in Fyshwick. After being mostly disappointed with what was on offer I was about to head home, then out of the corner of my eye I spotted the familiar neon lights and flashing signs that indicated a new shop in the area!

After pulling up, I noticed it seemed to be a massage parlour, and being sore from the weekend I thought why not go and check it out.

The first impression was weird. The look on the guys face was the same as if he was lost in the desert, dying of thirst and with all help lost and suddeny I walked by with water.... Plus he was a little difficult to understand. He showed me a price list containing only massage and massage with HE options, then he mentions he only has 2 girls and they don't offer full service. At this point I thought "well of course not..." 

But anyway 2 girls came out, Annie and the name of the other girl escapes me. Annie was def the better looking in my opinion anyway. 

So $60 for 20 min massage with HE. Financials taken care of and next thing I know I'm face down getting rubbed over. The massage itself was actually pretty good, certainly up there with ones from other Thai places in Canberra. The HE was also pretty good, Annie sat on top of me and started to ride me while jerking me off. 

All in all a pretty good experience, and the price wasn't too bad either.

Downsides: While Annie was topless, she didnt nude up. Also, it seem like butt touching is allowed, boobs however are offlimits. Maybe they are an additional extra. I didn't ask. Also, when you are getting a massage you kind of expect, soft sensual relaxing music, so when all you can hear in the background is late night radio with all the latest shitty dance/techno crap on it kind of takes away from the whole 'sensual' component of it.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 3rd December 2014, 07:19 AM
Poster ID: Lustvader
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks for TOFTT, Snapper.  The ads had caught my eye but your review has helped save my cash for greener pastures.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 15th December 2014, 06:10 PM
Poster ID: Megamaid
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : fked if I could understand it. Sounded like Soni, or Sona. Got her to repeat it a hundred times.

Establishment : Chok Dee Massage

Date of Visit : 15 December 2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 106 Gladstone St Fyshwick. Open 24/7, in/out. Phone 0431 713 972.

Hours of Business : 24/7 – I believe this, I think they live there.

Rates : I paid $100 for 45min, B2B with a HE

Age : Late 30's

Size/shape : smallish petite body, B –cups, lose skin, like a former fatty. Short. 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Massage, B2B (panties on) and HE

Value for money/recommend? : New to the punting in Canberra, time will tell. But I thought it was OK-ish

Essay:
Really after a good massage with a nice finish and figured I’d also give this place a go. Pulled up in my rental car and the door was opened for me. Socks and thongs on a Thai guy. Felt a little odd discussing “services” with a dude, but when in Chook Dee..

Settled on a 45min B2B with HE, for which he said $100. But didn’t take the cash and instead brought out three girls. First two were nasty, looked like they’d really been around the block. Maybe mid-late 40s and really showing it. Was going to walk when Sona showed up. Much better looking, although a littler older than I prefer. Short, but great legs. Probably a size 7. Decided on her and paid the $100.

Went through the waiting room door and into the room on left which was reasonably well appointed. Where the Thai man told me to nude up and await my chosen girl. I did this.
“Sona” comes in and removes everything except the panties. Then gets cracking on the massage. Starting with the legs and it’s pretty good. She’s pending tghem and using her knees. Full marks so far. Then she moves onto the shoulders where it starts to go down hill a little bit. Waaaay too much oil is used and generally just pushed around my back. She does hop up and put her leg against minimaid. Which he enjoyes. 
Eventually it turns into a body slide and she gets grinding into my arse, which I’m flexing for her and she seems to really enjoy. Then it’s flip time.

I’m warned away from touching the boobies, which are pretty good, not sure exactly why, as I didn’t understand her. Either they were $$$ extra, or she just didn’t want me touching them. Seemed to have little problems rubbing them all over me and giving me a bit of Spanish. She got her mouth close to mine a few times, smell wasn’t great with a hint of recently eaten garlic. But still, I’m enjoying things. 

She starts a solid B2B grinding away at minimaid through her panties, then moves down and grinds on my leg while giving me a HJ. This is too much and I blow big time.

Quick cleanup. Decline the shower and I’m out the door.

Welcome Megamaid to Canberra…

some Pics, Nude drawing and ATM in the waiting room.


Front of the store


Floor: #5
Post Time: 15th December 2014, 06:11 PM
Poster ID: Megamaid
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
-Mods-
this thread probably belongs in the Establishment thread. It's FS ll the way


Floor: #6
Post Time: 16th December 2014, 07:33 AM
Poster ID: Blued
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
They advertise as a massage service, so it's classified under massage. (No one has reported FS yet, but that isn't the determining factor.)






 Originally Posted by Megamaid


-Mods-
this thread probably belongs in the Establishment thread. It's FS ll the way


Floor: #7
Post Time: 16th December 2014, 09:25 AM
Poster ID: Megamaid
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Fair enough. I didn't go FS because the girls weren't really my cup of tea.


Floor: #8
Post Time: 30th January 2015, 08:12 PM
Poster ID: zepunter
Post Title: 
 CHOK DEE MASSAGE - Fyshwick ACT - 0431 713 972
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Linda

Establishment :  Chok Dee Massage

Date of Visit : 30/01/2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 106 Gladstone St, Fyshwick, ACT - 0431713972 
http://http://cracker.com.au/canberra-act/erotic/escorts-adult-services/sensual-thai-massage-in-fyshwickchokdee/404502786/advert.htm

Hours of Business : 10am till late

Rates : $50 Half Hour massage (no oil) - $20 extra bodyslide / touching with hand job 

Age : probably 25

Size/shape : B Cup - Natural

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Massage, RnT, Full Service

Value for money/recommend? : Absolutely for the massage

My experience/comments :

Was driving around fyshwick and thought it was time to try an establishment in Fyshwick! 
Was going to stop in some of the more well know ones but ended up having to take a phone call so pulled into the car park next to this place. 
Saw the open sign and it said massage - I thought what the heck I'll TOFTT..

Got to the front door - rang doorbell and it was answered - walked into the reception/waiting room and well - I was met by a trannie... 
I'm thinking this ain't going to be good. He/she saw my hesititation and straight away offered me the "menu / price list" and assured me that they had some girls out the back 

The price was pretty cheap for a 30 min massage with no oil  - cheaper than "Back and Foot" in Belco, my usual RnT joint... 
Got into the room and started undressing  - in came Linda in a nice tight blue outfit. Onto the massage table nude and she started the massage.. 
Very good massage and about 15mins in, she tried to upsell the Bodyslide for $30. I declined  - saying to expensive and i was really happy with the massage so far... 
A bit later she offered RnT for $13 - again declined but i was starting to think, how much extra for Full service (btw their menu had it for $100 - 20 or maybe 30mins) on par with the city working girls... 
And that I might just take her up on that offer.... 
She then got me to roll over and i got a real good look at the front  quite pretty and she again asked about bodyslide - this time for $20. I happily accepted.

Off came the clothes and very nice natural tits - a great handful... she starting to give the bodyslide and started to play with the little man while i copped a good feel of her tits...
into the RnT - pretty soft touch and it wasn't quite hard enough to get me there.. She said the time was nearly up and i was nowhere near blowing. 
As time was getting closer she got a firmer grip on the little guy and in no time I was over the line and she gave me a good smile and tissue cleanup... 

I was in there for about 40 mins and there was no rush about the place.. Linda said she was only here for a month and then going to sydney to study english... 

All in all  - a great experience for a RnT, next time i might even go the FS option as the prioces are on par with the Reid working girls...
Be curious to see if anyone else has tried the joint yet and their thoughts....


Floor: #9
Post Time: 7th March 2015, 08:26 PM
Poster ID: zepunter
Post Title: 
 CHOK DEE MASSAGE - Fyshwick ACT - 0431 713 972
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Amee

    Establishment : Chok Dee Massage

    Date of Visit : 06/03/2015

    Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 106 Gladstone St, Fyshwick, ACT - 0431713972

    Hours of Business : 10am till late

    Rates : $50 Half Hour massage (no oil), $70 sensual with oil, $120 30 mins FS

    Age : about 21/22

    Size/shape : C Cup - Natural

    Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

    Services Provided : Massage, RnT, Full Service

    Value for money/recommend? : Not this time 

    My experience/comments :

 I was in the mood for a quick massage and a HJ or FS... After the last visit, I thought I would try the place again. Walked in and decided on the 30 mins FS option. 

Let into the room and 2 girls were led in. The first one (Amee) was the better looking one - younger and had large tits.. So i chose the first one - Really it was a no brainer 

Asked if I wanted a shower -i quickly agreed and was led to the shower - quite a small cubicle obviously just put in for the clients to use... so quick wash and then back to the room
The lights were turned down and amee procedded to give me a massage with oil. Wasn't to bad. Off came her bra and what a nice sight her tits were. Soon they were rubbing up and down my back... 
A bit more massage and then ammee asked me to roll over.. 

I let her massage a little then as she worked her way up i got my hands on those tits. All natural and a very good handful... 
started to play and suck on them. A few mins into this - Unfortunatly amee started to moan and it sounded quite fake.... It just got worse from there...  
Tried to play with her pussy but wasn't allowed to touch her there so back to the tits.  

Onto the sex - well amee proceeded to dom me up and put it on with her mouth... no BJ just started to work the little guy in.. Lots of moaning now and it really wasnt doing it for me.... 
after a little while, got her to lie down and proceed to fuck her in missionary whilst playing with her tits.. eventually i got over the line with the moaning amee and was kinda glad it was over... 
a quick sholder massage to use up the remaining time and then off to the shower to wash the oil off.. 

Came back into the room and amee had just come back in after her shower... Got dressed and was out of there.. 

After some of the encounters I've had in Reid  - i wouldn't go back for the FS option. I guess YMMV with each girl but for now I'm happy to go elsewhere...


Floor: #10
Post Time: 16th March 2015, 09:21 AM
Poster ID: act
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I had been meaning to venture out that way but I guess now I won't.

Thanks for TOFTT.


Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk


Floor: #11
Post Time: 16th March 2015, 09:31 AM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
<mod comment>
I have moved this thread to Establishments > ACT because

- they provide FS as well as RnT (see Cracker ad below)

- security is less of a problem in the ACT than places where all sex work is regulated

- having the thread in Establishments is easier for Bronze members

</mod comment>


Floor: #12
Post Time: 16th March 2015, 09:36 AM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
The Cracker ad for this business, Sensual Thai Massage in Fyshwick(ChokDee) - Canberra escorts - cracker.com.au





			
				Sensual Thai Massage in Fyshwick(ChokDee)
Posted: Saturday, 21 February 2015, 2:57 PM


Chok Dee Massage is located at 106 Gladstone St Fyshwick, where you can relax and unwind during your lunch break or after work.

We are open 7 days / week, 24 hours / day.

All of our staff are from Thailand and are trained in Thai massage. Our staff include: beautiful girls, handsome young men and even 1 or 2 lady boys so you have lots of choice.

We offer Traditional Thai massage, oil massage, sensual massage with a happy ending and also full service.

Our Price List
Traditional Thai Massage
30 minutes - $50
1 Hour - $90
Sensual Massage (Full-Body, oil)
20 minutes - $60
30 minutes - $70
45 minutes - $100
1 Hour - $130
Full Service
20 minutes - $80
30 minutes - $100
45 minutes - $150
1 Hour - $180


Phone: 0431713972

• Location: Canberra

• Post ID: 6622956 canberra


Floor: #13
Post Time: 20th May 2015, 12:29 PM
Poster ID: Megamaid
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Salsa

Establishment : Chok Dee Massage

Date of Visit : 19/03/2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 106 Gladstone St, Fyshwick, ACT - 0431713972

Hours of Business : 10am till late

Rates : correct as per the post above. I selected $100 / 45min / B2B

Age : late 20s

Size/shape : Cup: A-, reasonable face, very pair shaped, maybe a size 8-10

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Massage, B2B, Full Service 
RnT in underpants to me

Value for money/recommend? : NO, I had one of the worst punts of my life.

My experience/comments :

Horny as, which is often not the best mood to be in when hunting for a punt. I started by calling Chinese Point Massage in Phillip to try and get the younger girl. Through some horrible English I determined that she’s not there again today, just the older woman who wasn’t my type. So I figure I’d head out the Fyshwick as my experience here last time wasn’t too bad.

In to the shop and pick from the menu, $100 for 45min B2B massage please. Gentleman motions for me to sit while he “get girls”

Line up is horrid. All of them come out unhappy like it’s a chore.

Girl 1: name eludes me but she was about 50+ and a raging MILNTF (N= not T = To)
Girl 2: Ana, 20s jumbo, about 90-100kgs, not my type at all. IMO Should be wearing a bed sheet, not lingerie.
Girl 3: Salsa, reasonable, but shy
Girl 4: another mid 40s MILNTF

I seriously consider walking, but just can’t I need some relief so pick girl 3. Turns out to be a horrible mistake.
We get off to the worst start, she knows no English and she removes the towel from the table and motions for me to lie down. Like hell I’m putting my junk on that, I get the towel and put it down, I Chok this up to her first day or something. But we have a little laugh about it.
She removes her lingerie, keeping her undies and bra on. Hmmm, maybe those come off later.

Room itself is FREEZING, seriously cold. This isn’t usually a problem with a good B2B. This however is not a good B2B. What follows is oil being ever so gently spread around my back and legs. There is zero attempt to make it in any way sexual. No rod rubs or anything. It goes for about 15min. Flip time and she does the legs and calves for another 15min. I’m getting so cold my teeth are lightly chattering.

Finally, she starts on the HJ and MiniMaid starts paying attention. He should have stayed asleep. Very mechanical, although not the worst I’ve had it’s pretty close. I don’t even bother to touch her, I honestly can be bothered. I can imagine how disappointed you’d be if you selected her for FS.
I close my eyes, think about someone else, so I can shoot my load in a few minutes and she cleans up best she can with a few tissues.

We’re early but I don’t care. I dress, get the fuck out of there and try to warm up in the car. I’d have had more fun biting my pillow.

Facilities: 2/10
Massage: 1/10
B2B: 0/10
HJ: 2/10


Floor: #14
Post Time: 4th August 2017, 01:19 PM
Poster ID: Skylark
Post Title: 
 Jenny -Fyshwick ACT - 0405 085 012 or 0431 713 972
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jenny

Establishment : chok dee massage

Date of Visit : June 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Chok Dee Traditional Thai Massage Located at 106 Gladstone St, Fyshwick - Canberra escorts - cracker.com.au

Hours of Business : 24/7

Rates : 70hh 130h (no fs)

Age : late 40s

Size/shape : slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : massage rnt gfe body slide

Value for money/recommend? : surprisingly yes

My experience/comments : I rocked up about 7pm on a weekday, the place was cold, and I was ushered into a waiting room where I met the girls. 3 girls were available at that time ya ya jenny and pinky. Ya ya and pinky were cute young and friendly but I went with Jenny (against my normal instinct) because she was banging on about how good her massage was. I decided on the full one hour massage and did not regret it.
after money exchange and showers I sat on the massage table and Jenny came in wearing a shirt black dress g sring and sexy bra. She came at me with full DFK(she has one of those toad tongues), I'm normally all over that shit but even this was too much for me. Was sloppy and kinda gross. I gently eased my way out of it and told her to tone it down a little. She responded well and things were back on track. Jenny has a great body, small tits with those mad nipples and her face is semi smashed crab. As we made out she removed my towel and I managed to take off her dress and bra, exploring her body. This all got me worked up but I resisted my urge and lay facedown on the table. Jenny starts the traditional Thai massage. Slow with pressure. And it's pretty good. Then things get awesome when she oils me up and climbs on top with great balance. Knees elbows body slides. It all feels awesome. After a while she gets down and starts on my inner thigh, I adjust my legs to give her better access to my Johnson but she takes it a different way and heads to my clacker. I gasp and tense up, she doesn't stop, so I'm like yolo and just go with the flow. She's down there for a while, I'm pretty sure she stuck her tongue in. Not my cuppa tea but if you guys are into that try Jenny. After this she flipped me over and got on top of me cowgirl. She then kept her knickers on and oiled up her thights. She squeezed my member between them and rode me. She tried to dfk me again but I wasn't having any of that (I know where that tongue was). Her grinding speed increased and it wasn't long until I started to cum. She then used her hand to squeeze out every drop. 
After a min or 2 she cleaned me up. I jumped back in the shower and she full helped me get dressed, like I've never had that happen before. So yeah I'm glad I went with the old duck on this one. 

Cheers.


Floor: #15
Post Time: 30th August 2017, 10:28 PM
Poster ID: Brotherman
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Asha

Establishment : Chok Dee Massage

Date of Visit : 18/08/2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 106 Gladstone St, Fyshwick, ACT - 0431 713 972

Hours of Business : 10am till late

Rates : $70 / 30 min massage + HE

Age : mid 20s

Size/shape : curvy but slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian (guessing Thai)

Services Provided : massage + HE (non-nude)

Value for money/recommend? : not really

My experience/comments : I generally enjoy my time at Chok Dee, having visited Yaya many times (she was amazing), but this time was a bit bleh.

I like how they offer separate shower rooms so you can kind of do your own thing without being rushed out of the shower.

The line-up wasn't the best this time, except for Asha, who was really pretty. I generally don't go for the most pretty ones as they tend to be a bit uptight and not very good technique-wise, but I chose her, ignoring my doubts.

Into the room I go, wait about 5-10 mins for Asha to come in, and straight into the massage, which was lacklustre. She dug in hard in all the wrong places, and was too light where she should've gone hard. No matter though, who really comes to these places for top quality massages, right?

No tackle tickle to speak of at all, and after 20 mins I was asked to flip over. What followed was truly the hardest and most ferocious HJ I've ever experienced, and not in a good way. No foreplay or prep, just THWOP, straight into ol' softie and his jewels (ouch), until I mustered up enough composure to get (half) hard. THWOP THWOP THWOP. No slow strokes or variation, just relentless and monotonous THWOP. 

She then asked if I want more, and said she'd take her top off for 20 bucks. That killed the mood a bit for me (or what was left of it), and I declined, and just wished for it all to be over. Somehow I made it over the line, she cleaned up (not very well), and I was on my way.

Pretty disappointed in how this visit went, and I think I'll be sticking to my rule of choosing the third-or-so-hottest girl in the line-up next time - they always know how to please.

Cheers.


Thread Title: Chok Dee Massage - 106 Gladstone St, Fyshwick - 0431 713 972
Floor: #16
Post Time: 25th July 2018, 02:05 PM
Poster ID: ABC_Bonker
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
As reported by the ABC, looks like Madam of Chok Dee and Pink Girls has been arrested and the shops closed.

Chok Dee and Pink Girls raided


Floor: #17
Post Time: 26th February 2019, 04:22 PM
Poster ID: sleazyryder
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
https://www.msn.com/en-au/news/austr...id=mailsignout

A further update. The raids were as a direct result of the death of a Thai worker. Her name is in the link.

Anyone who has knowledge is asked to step forward and speak to ACT Police. The investigation is looking for someone who has supplied the deceased with illicit drugs. (Apparently she died as a result of an overdose.). 
Just another statistic but as fellow forum members know some workers use drugs to work and some workers do work to afford drugs. Usually it is near impossible to discern the difference as a client.

It is a sad event when anyone loses their life. Sadder too when there but by the GOG goes I. But Pellocks pervert the news and push stories like these to the back of the news cycle.

Just be aware ACT Police are at a heightened alert. So watch out and be alert.

Enjoy the punt regardless.


SR.


Floor: #18
Post Time: 26th February 2019, 08:25 PM
Poster ID: 2horny
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks.  I saw the news article in the CT.

I didn't think that Thai workers would be taking illicit drugs.  I guess you learn something everyday.


Floor: #19
Post Time: 20th September 2019, 11:22 AM
Poster ID: David Banks
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
They have had some more bad luck according to the Canberra Times today.....Mamasan convicted of harbouring girls who had presumably overstayed or had no work visa

https://www.canberratimes.com.au/sto...jail/?cs=14226


