Thread Title: Diamond Companions - Canberra - 0450 659 096
Floor: #1
Post Time: 22nd June 2016, 10:56 PM
Poster ID: Dantheman
Post Title: 
 Diamond Companions - Canberra - 0450 659 096
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Mila McConaughey

 Establishment : Diamond Companions

 Date of Visit: 22 June 2016

 Contact Details/Address/Weblink: Mila McConaughey

 Hours of Business: See website

 Rates: $190 half hour

 Age: 19 

 Size/shape: size 6, busty and petite

 Nationality or Ethnicity: Aust.

 Services Provided: GFE which included kissing, DATY. Other extras may be available...

 Value for money/recommend?: Hell yeah!

 My experience/comments:
Feeling a tad bored I decided on doing some scouting around the different Fyshwick establishments to see what talent what was on offer. Had no intention of booking until I happened upon Mila at Diamond Companions. But first I got scared at Exotic Studios, re-interested at Tiffanys and annoyed at the tactics being employed at Northside or Gold Curves or whatever it's called this week...

Finally I decided to have a look inside Diamond Companions. Holy moly it looks nice inside and it seems to be a place for Caucasian ladies which makes a nice change . Met maybe 2 girls in the intro room, both of which I would have happily had gone with but whose names escape me. 

Then, in walked Mila. 

Now I have to admit here that Mila is a spitting image of a girl I see around that I have a crush on pretty hard, so making a snap decision to spend half an hour with her was very easy! 

Off to the room and they look nice and neat. Into the funky shower for a quick freshen up and Mila comes in looking sexy as fuck! We sit down on the bed and speak about what I like and what I am looking for service wise. Lots of intimacy, kissing and being able to explore her body and away we go...   

We started kissing nice and slowly. Mila knows how to move and what noises to make while I kissed her neck and worked my way down to her boobs. Before long Mila is lying on the bed and I am tasting her sweet pussy. Fully shaven and absolutely delicious. I could have happily spent all night between her legs. Alas time was not on my side so it was on with the protection and Mila is backing towards me on all fours with her sexy butt wiggling in front of me. I spend a few happy minutes pumping away inside of this gorgeous girl while she was reaching back rubbing my balls and cum on the stroke of the bell.. 

Quite simply, Mila is amazing. Maybe pricey, but when you consider the whole GFE experience usually adds to the cost I think it was good value. So much so that it feels like I should retire on a high! 

Peace.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 24th June 2016, 05:58 PM
Poster ID: WOTAN01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by Dantheman


Person's Name: Mila McConaughey

 Establishment : Diamond Companions

 Date of Visit: 22 June 2016

 Contact Details/Address/Weblink: Mila McConaughey
...........................

Peace
"""



Good to see you back reviewing again after such an absence. Looking forward to reading some more of them soon.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 13th September 2016, 05:43 PM
Poster ID: unclepj
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Camilla White

Establishment : Diamond Companions

Date of Visit : 13/09/16

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : http://www.diamondcompanions.com.au/.../camilla-white

Hours of Business : 12.00 - 3am

Rates : Lunchtime special $250/60

Age : 19

Size/shape : Size 8. C Cup African American drop dead sexy

Nationality or Ethnicity : Afro Amer

Services Provided : FS

Value for money/recommend? : Fuck Yeah

My experience/comments : 
This was a bucket list moment
19 years old
African American
Very well educated and great company
Gorgeous body, Boobs, Lips and the rest

I would normally put this into Gold but this girl needs to be shared
She is leaving Canberra on Sunday to go back home to NZ where she has lived for 10 years

If you live in Canberra find some money, steal some money and go have a session with her
Great kisser, great nipples, her pussy tastes divine. I was her first client for the day
She started on Saturday and is going Sunday

She sucks very well and when she rode me in reverse it took only a few minutes for me to finish

I dont know if I will ever find another bucket moment like this as it was just amazing. The perfect body

BTW she gave me a massage, I undressed her then sucked her nipples, kissed her lips that are so tender and soft
Went down on her, had her suck me
Then she fucked me. Absolutely amazing view with her impaled on my cock riding it with such grace 

Thats it cant write any more. 
Not my usual review 

Go enjoy this gem of a place along with its sister shop Mitchell Mistresses. They are full of beautiful 19 - 20 year olds

Unc


