Floor: #1
Post Time: 25th April 2012, 10:44 AM
Poster ID: 2horny
Post Title: 
 Dream Girls - 5/161 Newcastle St, Fyshwick - 02 6239 2901
				
Post Content: 
Just opened Monday this week.

It's right on the main road (more on that later).

I saw a WL (can't remember her name, Dasiy?)  $130 for 30min + BBBJ (extra $)

The place is newly renovated so looks very clean and tidy, rooms are big so it was cold inside initially.  Girl was very friendly and chatty.  I had the standard FS with BBBJ.

I won't go into the session too much as it was great but standard.  The girl I was with was about a size 10, with perfky b/c cups which I enjoyed sucking and licking and groping while she was on top.  She was also pretty with long hair and word some jewley during the session.  Her BBBJ was great with a nice positive feeling on my the head of my shaft.  But she spent a lot of time teasing me and licking around my groin before actually starting on the BBBJ.  Good tease but I'm impatient and would've like her to just jump on the ride.

I finished in missionary which was really easy because the BBBJ got me so close.  But the only bad thing was that she started the clock and had a shower on my time before starting.  I finished before time-up.  but I would watch for this.

The place itself is ery visible with a bright sign.  But the parking is also very visible and well lit.  Which means that discretion is a bit difficult.  Dream Girls is opened by the owners of Pretty Women in Mitchell and I like the quality of the girls they have, but am concerned about the parking situation.

Otherwise, I recommend the place and I think it should be supported as any new openings should be encouraged.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 25th April 2012, 03:50 PM
Poster ID: philibuster
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Is it an asian shop 2horny? 

Probably should also note that bbbj couldn't be standard since it's illegal in the ACT.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 25th April 2012, 09:38 PM
Poster ID: 2horny
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Yeah, asian shop.  Same as Pretty Women.

no more comments about BBBJ from me.  i will say that they advertisedin the CT, which is how I found them, but the ad was tiny.

if you do drop in for a visit, make sure you let them know that you found out through this forum so that they understand their ad isn't working.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 12th August 2012, 09:41 PM
Poster ID: Carefour
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Anybody else went there recently?


Floor: #5
Post Time: 16th March 2013, 04:39 PM
Poster ID: 2horny
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jessica (? maybe Jennifer?)

Establishment : Dreamgirls

Date of Visit : 15 March 2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : n/a - advertises in CT, but on one of the main streets in Fyshwick.

Hours of Business : ?

Rates : $130/30min.

Age : 26

Size/shape : Slim, a cups, ling black hair

Nationality or Ethnicity : Korean

Services Provided : FS, CBJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : So I was really horny and tried ringing around some of the CT girls to negotiate BBBJ, but either no answer (busy period) or asking too much.

I drove out to Dreamgirls and knew that the car park out the back was open now and so discretion was assured.  That's great, 'cause the main street park and run was getting old.  There were two other cars in the car park and Jessica was the only girl available.  She had a great body, but the face I'd rate at 6/10.  I'm really picky so YMMV.  she can speak english really well, so no issues with communication and in the sack.  I did the usual routine, shower, cuddle, CBJ, cowgirl, missionary, doggy, shower, leave.

Key points;
I asked for BBBJ during the session but no go, she's really big on protection, so no DATY either.  but it was all cool, some WL get all defensive after being asked, I suppose some guys really put on the pressure.
We were in the 69 position (still no DATY, lust kissing on her slim thighs and squeezing her firm butt) and she gave a really great BJ.  Maybe it was because I was so horny, but it felt really great to have her lips massage the head of my cock.  Great pressure and she didn't let up.  I could have blown during CBJ so I stopped it (she doesn't suck balls either).

then into cowgirl which was a bit unspectacular as it's not her favorite position.  We tried a few things with her on top and it was starting to feel intimate, close breathing, moans and groans starting to sound more real, steady rhythm, not rushed.  I asked if she wanted to change positions, and she assumed mish, so I get on top, she's enjoying it more now, legs wide apart and wrapped around my thighs.  arms around my neck, feeling me up, eyes closed, hips thrusting with excellent timing.  I looked down to where the action was, watching to get the pull back to almost the head of my dick then the thrust in to find her clit.  Getting closer now.

Then into doggy.  what a sight.  her shapely butt, slim thighs and waist, i parted her full lips, the wetness making the job easy.  then some more pounding as I admired her form in the mirror.  this part didn't last long, but the pace was faster and i was close.  all i really remember from doggy was how easy it was to hold her and how natural it was to slam her round and firm butt on my groin.  It was exactly how I fantasied about this chinese girl at my work.  pretty much the same body shape as Jessica.

then I got her to lay down on her stomach.  and with one hand on her breast and my diamond hard cock jamming into the depths of her love cave, I kept upping the pace until i blew my white hot lava.  Close to the end she said she was coming, I don't know for sure but I don't see any reason to doubt her.

I really like Dream girls and Pretty women, both places run by the same management.  I must be considered a regular as the mamasan knows my tastes.  she's a good person as well and if you walk she doesn't abuse you.  I like the ability to check the line up which you don't get with CT private WLs.  And the pricing is competitive.

So as far as CBJ/FS goes, it was great and I'd return for more.  My only problem is that I have been corrupted by the ways of the BBBJ/CIM.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 16th March 2013, 04:42 PM
Poster ID: 2horny
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by Carefour


Anybody else went there recently
"""



this last session is about the 3rd time since last august, but I just haven't been bothered to post a review until today.


