Thread Title: Mi Mi Club - 17 Lyell St, Fyshwick - 02 6228 1030
Floor: #1
Post Time: 2nd May 2010, 01:36 PM
Poster ID: philibuster
Post Title: 
 Mi Mi Club - 17 Lyell St, Fyshwick - 02 6228 1030
				
Post Content: 
I apologise in advance if this is a bit old hat, and I wasn't going to do this review, but this punt has been mildly pissing me off for a while now and it needs to be done. This was my second punt in Canberra after a very long period of not punting at all. Over twenty years to be clear about it. The last was in Sydney at the fag end of the 80s - probably more like the middle, but it was a long decade for me and '86 seemed like the fag end. I was single, driving a cab around Sydney hustling fares and devouring Jack Kerouac novels and thinking about how great it would be to be Dean Moriarty. It wasn't until later I discovered I was single because I drove a cab.

I met a few parlour girls in those days. They were often the best fare you'd get all night. Good tippers on the Cabcharge and good company too. Similar jobs in many ways; mainly that we got to see plenty of people at their best but heaps more than that at their most appalling worst. We worked pretty horrible hours and on a good night the pay was great and on a bad night it'd make you want to weep. Anyway, at the and of good shift one night I knocked off early and blew the lot at Cathay Studio in Petersham. That was the last.

Back in Canberra, it was a Wednesday night, hot but not hot like Sydney or anywhere on the coast. It was heat that makes your hair dry out and your skin flake off. It wasn't a good night and I should have known better and gone home. But I didn't, I just kept on up the stairs and as I got higher I caught the stink of the place - stale ciggys and stale perfume and stale mildew and stale pretty well everything else that's happened in there. Not really pungent, more like a strong, unpleasant background smell that's hard to pinpoint. The smell of an undercurrent.

And then there he was; the stale papasan. I thought this guy must've been an actor. He's about sixty and he had the obligatory ciggy hanging from his mouth as he ushered me into the intro room. He smelled of fags and sweat and warm VB and I was sure I'd seen him in Apocalypse Now. All the place needed was the ceiling fans - if it had any, I didn't notice - wooosh, wooosh, wooosh, wooosh and there I am, Martin Sheen on a bender about to confront his heart of darkness up an unknown river.

So the papasan says, "All Asian girls here, you OK with Asian girls?" I felt like asking him if it's true, as I was told in the school playground in about 1972, that Asian girls' vaginas are the "the other way around", but thought better of it. He probably wouldn't have appreciated the subtle irony and in any case, this was no place for irony.

The intro consists of about eight girls speeding in and out of the room, they tell me their name and want to shake my hand for fuck's sake and then they piss off before I have any hope of asking them anything that might help me decide which one I want to see. I can't even remember any of their names - not now, not then. The only one that made an impression was a girl called Hatya (which is about as close an approximation to the true spelling I can come up with). She looked like a honey; about 20, dark skin - I thought she might be Indian, turns out later she's Lao - a curvy size 10 with shapely natural D or E cups - that was the Indian thing for me. So I tell papasan I want 45 minutes with Hatya and hand over my $170.

Bad move. Although it's with hindsight now, I can tell Hatya's a dud the moment she walks back in the room after I've showered. Basically, she just looks pissed off. She comes in, goes to a corner of the room and undresses in the corner with her back to me. She motions to the bed with a flick of her arm, eyes averted, she hasn't even said hello, not a word, I'm trying to make eye contact and she's just not having it. This is looking pretty bad. But it's about to get a whole lot worse.

I'm on the bed now and on my stomach and Hatya's about to start relaxing by giving me a bit of a massage. Next thing I know she's climbing all over my back digging her knees with her full weight behind them into my spine and shoulder blades and threatening serious damage to my coccyx if she's not careful and it really fucking hurts! It was like being on the bottom of a collapsed scrum. So, it occurs to me that this woman could permanently disable me if I don't stop her so with the little air in my lungs left by her crushing from above, I ask her what she thinks she's doing, especially since I hadn't paid for pain as an extra.

Then she got really stroppy; she hopped off me (thank god!) and then kind of stormed around the room a bit giving me a rave about white guys with heaps of money and power. After a little reasoning she then offered to go to work on my by now quite flaccid cock and I tried to reassure her that although we'd got off to a bit of a rocky start, we were going to finish off OK. So she went to work and the most amazing thing happened. She didn't get any lube out and I'm pretty soft by now so she kind of holds my cock between her thumb and forefinger and kind of twiddles it like you'd turn a dial. It was like a I was little kid again and the little girl from next door and me are under the house and she's playing with my willy. It was pathetic, made even more so by the realisation that this might be one of Hatya's very first encounters with a penis.

By some freak of nature she managed to get a condom on me, which was I think a "Black & Gold" brand super economy model. It was the worst fitting condom I've ever seen. It looked like some kind of surplus item from a failed United Nations sexual health project in sub-Saharan Africa. Then she went through the charade of a CBJ. What with the condom like a draped flag and the poor woman having no idea what the hell she was doing, eventually I just said to her, "I think I need to fuck you now." By this stage it was just a matter of getting it over with and getting out of there and somehow I'd managed to get hard enough to at least achieve the former. Hatya had still hardly made eye contact and after starting in mish she quickly got us into a position where she was on her side in a kind of foetal position - a sort of sideways doggy, but the thing is she could still avoid eye contact and that was what it was all about for her. Eventually I came and without even bothering to shower I dressed, headed for the stairs and went home. Perhaps only from being well brought up, I managed to thank her on the way out. On the way down the stairs I had no idea why.

I can't decide why Hatya was at the Mi Mi Club that night. Whether she had a choice or not I don't know. But either way she shouldn't have been there. She was clearly unhappy about it and I haven't had sex with a woman that sexually inexperienced since I was about seventeen. It's was a ridiculous, disappointing punt but sadly, maybe I've seen the future for Canberra's brothels.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 21st July 2010, 01:12 AM
Poster ID: hooker_reviewer
Post Title: 
 jenny@mi mi club
				
Post Content: 
On a cold canberra night i decided to visit the mi mi club in fyshwick. I found the service to be friendly and the girls very attractive. I decided on jenny and she was a very pretty girl with nice large breasts. She was very nice but did not provide any extras. I would recommend mi mi club if you like thai girls.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 6th March 2011, 04:51 PM
Poster ID: JOHN01
Post Title: 
 Mi Mi Club - Fyshwick - (02) 6288 1030
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Ki Ki

Date of Visit: 24 February 2011

Contact Details:  6288 1030

Address: 17 Lyell Street Fyshwick

Hours of Business: 10.00am to 04.00am 

Rates: $180 / 60 mins

Age: Mid 20's

Size/shape: Size 10

Nationality or Ethnicity: Thai

Services Provided: FS, CBJ

Value for money/recommend?: No

My experience/comments: Had been to the Mi Mi Club on a number of occasions and had seen a Thai lass called Ki Ki who had provided excellent service each time I had seen her. Rang the club before I arrived to see who was on. Told Ki Ki was working and asked if she had been there before and was told yes. So I made a booking on the assumption that this was the same person. One shouldn't make assumptions. The service offered was by the "new" Ki Ki was disappointing. No GFE at all and BJ was very ordinary. Lesson learnt - see the girl before you make the booking.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 4th July 2011, 05:38 PM
Poster ID: anon
Post Title: 
 Gigi @ Mi Mi Club - July 2011
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Gigi

Establishment : Mi Mi Club

Date of Visit : xx/7/11

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 17 Lyell Street, Fyshwick, ACT. 02 6228 1030

Hours of Business : 7 days, not sure about hours

Rates : $180/hr

Age : late 20s

Size/shape : size 8 (I think)

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : FS, CBJ, DATY, HJ, 69 (all-inclusive, no extra charges)

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : 

This was my first time at the Mi Mi Club. There were two girls working on this particular night, Jenny (Korean, I think) and Gigi (Thai). Both girls were attractive but I ended up choosing Gigi. Her Thai looks and her friendliness in the intro won me over. She had beautifully smooth skin, a slim waist, flat stomach, gorgeous butt, enhanced boobs, a very pretty face and a lovely smile. A hot little package!

Action-wise, there was plenty of sensual touching and stroking, a very good CBJ, lots of DATY (yummy!) and sex in various positions. Gigi also had an engaging personality. At various moments, we chatted, joked around and laughed. She was a delight to be with. 

The only disappointment was that Gigi did not allow kissing on the lips. That aside, though, it turned out to be a very good punt with a lovely Thai hottie.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 15th July 2011, 05:48 PM
Poster ID: Persepolis
Post Title: 
 Marsha
				
Post Content: 
A few weeks ago I got taken to a parlor in Canberra, I think it was Mi Mi. It was cold and dark and I had been drinking. I saw a delightful Thai lady.  Her name was Marsha. Mid thirties, gorgeous large breasts and a great kisser. When I ring Mi Mi and other Fyshwick parlors I get the run around. Has anyone visited Marsha? I am back in Canberra next week and would like to see her again.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 15th July 2011, 07:28 PM
Poster ID: philibuster
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
You were right the first time Persepolis, it was Mi Mi Club. Marsha is lovely. Stay sober, treat her right and you will be rewarded.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 4th September 2011, 11:40 PM
Poster ID: 2horny
Post Title: 
 Sarah at Mimi's
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sarah

Establishment : Mimis

Date of Visit : 3rd Sept 11

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Lyell St. Fyshwick

Hours of Business :  10:30 am to late

Rates : $120/30min, $150/45min

Age : prob in her 30s

Size/shape : slim and tall

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian

Services Provided : Full svc and I think she let me do DATY but wouldn't go for 69.

Value for money/recommend? : Maybe.

My experience/comments : I spent 45min with Sarah as she was the best presented.  Tall, slim, great skin, great legs, a cups, flat stomach neat pubes.
We started with her kissing me and giving me a cbj, - all very enjoyable.  i asked for daty and it was ok, - all still great.  then I asked for 69, but she didn't like it.  so we got going in missionary and I started kissing her neck, but she said it tickled and I should stop, this is not the first time that an asian girl has reacted this way.

after about 3 min in missionary, we changed to doggie and I fucked her hard while watching her in the mirror.  she moaned and made an effort to sound interested but I read another review somewhere else that she basically just laid there like a lump.

So maybe she got a lecture, maybe she like me better? who knows.

We finished off and then laid around, talked (she's not too talkative, I asked if her english was good, she said, yes, but didn't want to talk).

she gave a really good massage and a kiss on the lips when my time was up.  all in all, she was physically great, but not as interested as she could have been.


Floor: #8
Post Time: 1st December 2011, 03:24 PM
Poster ID: wishfyck
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Have been to this establishment maybe 10 times in last couple of years.  My experiences have generally been pretty good.  Actually, had one of my most enjoyable punts here about 18months ago.  I think her name was Jasmine, not sure (incidentally, there seem to be a number of Jasmines about).  Apart from being gorgeous (tight body, early 20's, Thai?), she was relaxed and friendly and was happy for me to DATY.  Tried a few positions with her and actually had to hurry up towards the end of my 1/2 hr.  Never saw her there again.

This place seems to be a mixture of a few long-term workers with a few of the short-term visiting from Syd/Melb types.


Floor: #9
Post Time: 3rd July 2012, 11:50 PM
Poster ID: Cleaver
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sue

Establishment : Mimi Club

Date of Visit : 3 July 2012

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Lyell St. Fyshwick

Hours of Business : 1000 till "late"

Rates : $130 for 30 mins

Age : late 20s to early 30s

Size/shape : size 8, average height for an asian girl, C-cup (enhanced, but not grotesquely so).

Nationality or Ethnicity : Korean (Seoul)

Services Provided : FS, no extras discussed

Value for money/recommend? : Yes.

My experience/comments : Four ladies were on duty, I was expecting less given it was a Tuesday night.  Chose Sue as they were all reasonable looking but she seemed to be the most fluent in English of the four.  She has an adorable face, lovely body with very soft strokeable skin, and v. nice breasts with large nipples just begging for some oral attention.  She appears to be a smoker - her breath was OK but the smell was still in her hair.  She says she's new to Canberra, having arrived from Brisbane about two weeks ago - I think the cold weather was a bit of a shock for her.  Session started off with some light stroking of my body (for a surprisingly long time), followed by CBJ, cowgirl, doggy, and missionary (which she said is her favourite).  Very active during cowgirl, and she seemed to enjoy that position and decent eye contact, but was getting very mixed signals from her during doggy and missionary, which probably contributed to me not getting off before the buzzer sounded.  Quick HJ to finish me off then into the shower.

On the whole a good experience but room for improvement, especially on the communication front during sex.  I'm no John Holmes but I'm reasonably large downstairs, and at times I wasn't sure (i.e. mixed messages) if I was causing her some pain, and nothing will kill my mood faster than worrying about that, or having to stop and ask.  If I'd known whether she was enjoying things during doggy and/or gotten some feedback from her, I probably would have been able to get off.


Floor: #10
Post Time: 18th July 2012, 07:42 PM
Poster ID: chippytowntie4
Post Title: 
 (ACT) Mi Mi Club - Fyshwick  - Yuki/Yuko/Yoko
				
Post Content: 
Establishment and/or person's Name: Mi Mi Club Yuki/Yuko/Yoko (Can't remember exactly)

Contact Details/Address: 17 Lyell Street, Fyshwick 02 62281030

Prices: $120/half

Age: Mid 20s

Size/shape: Slim with small boobs

Nationality or Ethnicity: Asian (maybe Thai but definitely not Japanese)

Services: FS

Value for money/recommend ? Eh Maybe

My experience: Last June, after a pretty big night and a cab ride I ended up in Mi Mi Club in Fyshwick. Don't really like Canberra parlours but there aren't many options when it's late. My memories are a bit hazy (was decently drunk) but I had an acceptable time with an alright looking girl.  Standard parlour service of light kissing -> CBJ -> sex in cowgirl and missionary. Wasn't amenable to DATY or DFK. Offered a massage after but I elected to just shower and leave. One thing to mention is that it can get a bit dark in these rooms and the girl turned the dimmer back down after I turned it up  which was a bit lame but I didn't really care. A pretty vanilla experience (par for the course in Canberra parlours) but I wasn't uphappy.


Floor: #11
Post Time: 27th July 2012, 10:54 PM
Poster ID: noddy_2004
Post Title: 
 Mi Mi Club Fyshwick
				
Post Content: 
Establishment and/or person's Name: Mi Mi Club - Fyshwick / Susie

 Contact Details/Address17 Lyell Street, Fyshwick - 02 62281030

 Prices:$130 for 30min

 Age: mid 20's

Size/shape: Short, small tits, long hair, pretty face

Nationality or Ethnicity:Chinese

 Services:FS

Value for money/recommend ?Not really

For the price, I got CBJ, missionary, doggy and HJ however it was a bit mechanical and the environment was very mediocre. She was an average looking girl but prettier than the rest. She did put a lot of effort in CBJ but it just wasn't going anywhere. Other places are better.


Floor: #12
Post Time: 11th August 2012, 07:45 AM
Poster ID: JB
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Establishment  Mi Mi Club - Fyshwick 

Person's Name: Marie

Contact Details/Address17 Lyell Street, Fyshwick - 02 62281030

Prices:$130 for 30min 

Age: Late 20's

Size/shape: Medium, girl next door look

Nationality or Ethnicity:Chinese

Services:FS

Value for money/recommend ? Yes

I was in Canberra last weekend and decided a quick visit on the cards, 2 girls in the line up, chose Marie and glad I did. Marie is a cute girl next door experience, a professional at what she does, nice conversation and wish I had more than 1/2 hour to spend with her!


Floor: #13
Post Time: 26th June 2013, 01:29 AM
Poster ID: silentmister
Post Title: 
 MiMi Canberra
				
Post Content: 
[COLOR=#333333]Person's Name : Sara (Asian)[/COLOR]

[COLOR=#333333]Establishment : MiMi Club, Fyshwick,Canberra[/COLOR]

[COLOR=#333333]Date of Visit : 14/06/2013[/COLOR]

[COLOR=#333333]Contact Details/Address/Weblink : [/COLOR][COLOR=#333333]MiMi Club, Fyshwick,Canberra[/COLOR]

[COLOR=#333333]Hours of Business : Upon availability[/COLOR]

[COLOR=#333333]Rates : $250 an hour[/COLOR]

[COLOR=#333333]Age : Early 20's[/COLOR]

[COLOR=#333333]Size/shape : D cup, slim[/COLOR]

[COLOR=#333333]Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian[/COLOR]

[COLOR=#333333]Services Provided : C[/COLOR]BJ[COLOR=#333333], [/COLOR]DATY[COLOR=#333333], [/COLOR]FS

[COLOR=#333333]Value for money/recommend? : May Be (Not much fascinating)
[/COLOR]
WIR: Not Sure. Not the first choice anyway.

[COLOR=#333333]My experience/comments :[/COLOR]

[COLOR=#333333]Felt bored in office so thought of doing something interesting.

Went to MiMi's. Small place with 3-4 rooms.

Showed me 2 girls . Both beautiful. The one with exotic look only does a massage no FS.

So selected the second girl and negotiated for half hour with the manger.

Had a shower. Started with few kisses. wore the cover and started with a CBJ. Did some 69 and she was not in good mood. so didnt last too long.

[/COLOR]Nice firm breasts and silky smooth air. [COLOR=#333333]

Pounded starting in mish , doggy and ended with her on top. Didnt ask for any tips. Bid bye with  a kiss.

Thanks...

[/COLOR]


Floor: #14
Post Time: 2nd November 2014, 12:09 PM
Poster ID: conan202
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Didn't catch it

Date of Visit: 19 October 2014

Contact Details: 6288 1030

Address: 17 Lyell Street Fyshwick

Hours of Business: 10.00am to 04.00am 

Rates: $130 / 30 mins (wall said 135 but the manager gave me a 20 as change for 150 so I didn't complain)

Age: Mid 30's (probably older but felt young)

Size/shape: Size 8, short, MASSIVE tits (enhanced)

Nationality or Ethnicity: Cambodian

Services Provided: FS, CBJ

Value for money/recommend?: Yes

My experience/comments:

I was in the nation's capital for a night visiting friends so decided to pop in and see what Fyshwick had to offer. Firstly I popped into a place around the corner from the Comm Bank ATMs. They had 1 girl on who wasn't bad but tried doing the old 'YOU GO WITH ME!!!' and pulling me away. I said 'I'll have a think about it' multiple times until she left in a really aggressive mood. Lucky I didn't go with her! Then the boss asked me if I was keen... 'nah I'll have a think about it... thanks'. He then got mad at me and said 'why say you'll think about it? You mean no!!! Just say no!!!' So I said 'alright, NO!!' and left with him bitching at me in Chinese.

On to MiMi. Much more relaxed and the manager made me feel at home. He showed me two decent looking girls but I went for the shorter one because she was quite warm in her greeting. One of those short, dark girls with good definition in her bum/legs.

The service was quality. I guess they were quiet? Doesn't mean you drop your quality and get pushy/aggressive like the other place!!

Long story short I spent a lot of time sucking her boobs until her pussy was wet and her nipples were standing up. She then put the glove on me and slipped me inside her. We were going for a good 20 minutes while she made a lot of real sounding noises and rubbed her tits very firmly (which was hot because they are massive). At one stage she stuck a finger up her bum and started moaning while I pumped her. Shortly after she shuddered... probably just good acting but I find it quite uncommon that somebody will at least PRETEND they enjoy it rather than making you feel like a rapist.

When we finished up we talked a little (she had good English). She wrapped herself in what looked like a traditional-style robe so if felt more like being at home than pounding a whore. Nice touch to end it off.

She says she works in Sydney (which is where I live) so who knows, maybe I'll find her there? She said she does other work in Sydney but if she sounds familiar to anybody, give me a shout.


Floor: #15
Post Time: 2nd November 2014, 12:56 PM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thank you for your review conan202.

Good review.

Could the pushy place you left have been Northside Studios, https://www.google.com.au/maps/place...2e849f00913371 ?


Thread Title: Mi Mi Club - 17 Lyell St, Fyshwick - 02 6228 1030
Floor: #16
Post Time: 2nd November 2014, 05:25 PM
Poster ID: conan202
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by fartichoke


Thank you for your review conan202.

Good review.

Could the pushy place you left have been Northside Studios, https://www.google.com.au/maps/place...2e849f00913371 
"""



Yes that's the one. Notably I've been there in the past (although too long ago and I can't remember enough for reviews). 

One time I had a great experience. It was valentines day and I was single/lonely. The girl (who I can't remember much about) got really raunchy. She said 'I'll be your valentine' and did lots of hot kisses. Notably she did a thing with my ear where she put her finger in and moved it in the speed/motion that she wanted. Kinda weird but pretty sure she got a couple of real orgasms from that... she was exhausted and talking really sweet by the end of it.

The next time I got a lady who arrived in casual gear just as I was arriving and it was her first day. I took the 'first time lucky' punt and wish I hadn't. She didn't know how to put a condom on, spent a ridiculous amount of time trying to wash my shaft in the shower (although I said 'I CAN WASH IT!!!') She was shaking the whole time (nervous shaking) and afterwards looked like she'd just been raped up the bum by 10 big boyss from Bankstown... shocked! She kept saying 'that... my first time here!!' I took the punt so hold no grudges (she was a trainee... I thought she might be wild and less 'hardened' if you know what I mean). I didn't try anything dodgy, I just thiught she might not be a complete cold face/starfish.

So yeah... I dunno if Northside is good or bad. I guess it just depends on the night? When I cruise around I generally go in expecting to say no to most girls and only really take ones who show a bit of liking towards me (or at least pretend to). Really not a fan of girls trying to use their lack of language to force me into the room with them (in my experience this invariably means we won't click).


