Thread Title: Mitchell Mistresses - 36 Grimwade St, Mitchell - 0488 017 198
Floor: #1
Post Time: 6th September 2015, 02:34 PM
Poster ID: LightsAU
Post Title: 
 Mitchell Mistresses - 36 Grimwade St, Mitchell - 0488 017 198
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : NaNa 

Establishment : Mitchell Mistresses 

Date of Visit : 05/09/2015 

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : gorgeous NaNa with a stunning body and lovely face only Saturday in Mitchell Mistresses - Canberra escorts - backpage.com
Hours of Business : 

Rates : $120 / 30min (Full Service) 

Age : 25 - 30

Size/shape : 8-10 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Full Service 

Value for money/recommend? : Somewhat (yes) considering the situation

My experience/comments :

Saturday night in Canberra? we've all been there, and if you are a lone cowboy like me, traveling alone, you know the drill. Lucky dip, too many folks about, too much alcohol, too much everything (but not enough availability). Enter the Saturday night grind, a night I soon won't forget. And after a frustrating shop around Fyshwick, it must of been "one of those nights" for the Parlour owners. ACT-Pretty Girls (all girls busy). Lollipop Lounge (all girls busy) + angry front counter lady, was clearly fuming about something, and soon as I arrived at the door, I was blasted for not waiting 10 mins? I think she confused me with another punter, could hear her carrying on before she opened the door, and then kept pointing at her watch "why you not wait 10 mins"... ok, got you at a bad time, bye. Checked around some other shops, it was a dead night. 

So, what now? Mitchell? sure why not. Never been to the VIP Lounge (it is a place where I am too afraid to go inside because I hear the girls are ridiculously good looking, and I will probably cave and spend my next weeks punting budget). So, went for a drive to Mitchell, got to the complex, parked and walked over to the VIP Lounge, and decided head up the stairs, was greeted by a mature lady. I bought a drink and was asked to take a seat, watched some TV, and waited around about 20 mins, nobody... so I left. I remembered an Ad I saw on Backpage for NaNa (5th or 6th choice?). Well, the brand new shop Mitchell Mistresses just happened to be in that complex. NaNa looks smoking in the photo's, got the front door, rang the bell. This door building had a DR Who "Tardis" thing going on, where it did not look like much on the outside, once you get inside it stretches out so far, and for ages as well, it's massive (very deceptive). 

It's a really new furnished shop, it's obviously had some recent work done, and it just happened to be opening weekend?. Met about 3 girls, of all shapes and sizes (if you know what I mean) NaNa comes in the room, and by this time of night I was wrecked, she looked great, lovely ass, lovely figure, but is she the same girl in the photo? I don't think she is, I really don't. Her breasts were much smaller in person, and her figure was thicker than the photo, and she wasn't tall. But! never the less she was cute and looked good enough. After the shower, I had a reasonably good time. She was very friendly and been in the business for 7 years, she knows her way around and very skilled. But it was getting late, and I think the both of us were tired, but managed to keep it fun and light as well, I thanked her for her patients and kindness. 

It's always dangerous when you have not punted for a couple weeks, like a dog on heat and just waiting to pounce. But I did well, I was holding back, I didn't want have another "trash experience" like 2 weeks ago... and because I kept thinking about the last encounter, I think I was perhaps a little too cautious, and as a result things got more complicated for no apparent reason. So really, I should of just picked the first available lady in Fyshwick, because as the night dragged on, so did my frustration, and I suppose the frustration of everyone else. However NaNa was cute, and perhaps was a fitting ending to the night. I think there is about 2-3 girls that look just like NaNa at the Loliipop Lounge, so I could of probably saved fuel in that respect. I learned a lot that night. 

We shall see what the next weekend brings.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 6th September 2015, 06:21 PM
Poster ID: Megamaid
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Well well, looks like a new shoppe. Many thanks for the review!

There are some ads for girls out under the name Mitchell Mistresses

and a photo of the shopfront


Floor: #3
Post Time: 6th September 2015, 11:45 PM
Poster ID: 2horny
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks.  I didn't realise there was a new shop.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 30th September 2015, 12:17 PM
Poster ID: UN Official
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Used to be Jax Tyres....now they sell another kind of rubber used for your safety!!


