Floor: #1
Post Time: 31st March 2014, 02:22 PM
Poster ID: LUNGOR
Post Title: 
 Nobules - 1/77 Gladstone St, Fyshwick - 02 6162 0086
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Mandy

Establishment : Nobules, Canberra

Date of Visit : 29 March 14

Rates : $130/30, $180/45, $230/60 min

Age : 25

Size/shape : size 6, quite petite but curvy, all natural 36 E Cups boobs, smooth soft skin, nice butt 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Korean, good English

Services Provided : CBJ soso, Cat Bath soso, great fuck though!!

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experiences:


This is the Korean shop on level 1, 77 Gladstone St Fyswick Canberra
02-6162-0086, 6162-0087

In Canbeera for the day (Saturday) so was planning to catch up with the busty Mamasan Angie on the ground floor - Bamboo something, when I got there, the Bamboo sign is gone, got some ....... Asian girls sign , not good, rang the door bell anyway and the door bell was broken, just about to turn around and walk and an older Asian guy arrived and showed me in.

I asked him if Angie is still here, he said no and he has three girls on, so why not , there could be an Anita there.

So waited in the room , have a look at the price list, still $120/30 min.

Well, no point wasting time to describe the three milf that came through, none doable, so I got up and leave.

Well, the good thing about 77 is that there are three shops, the Thai/Asian and Cauc shop on either side of the ground floor then the Korean shop on the first floor.

So I make my way upstairs and greeted by the Korean papasan , he show me into the waiting room and said he has 4 girls !
Ok, lets see what you got :

Can't remember all their names but the first girl was a short hair punk girl, wearing high heels, bra and undie , looked quite busty but I suspect they are enhanced.

The next girl is a typical good looking Korean girl, beautiful long hair, short black dress showing nice long legs, not very busty, may be a B !

The third girl was a bit older, may be mid 30's, looks the kind with good services but again, an A or B cupper, at this point, I was already thinking about the Pink Girls down stairs , may be there is a double D cup Aussie blonde waiting for me!

Then the last girl walks in: Hi I am Mandy !

Wow !! some of you may know I have a big crush on certain Korean lady and Mandy could be her sister with very similar good looking face, similar build and for a split second I thought I just saw my little sister !

Then I look down and check out the rest of the body! WOW again, Mandy was wearing this silky yellow/gold dress where the deep V front is completely opened. And no bra insight , BTW, it is similar to the sexy dress Amy Adams was wearing in American Hustle, the only different is, Amy is only a B and Mandy is either DD Cups or E Cups and just by the way the breasts sit on her chest, I am 90% certain they are real!

Wow, Mandy is my dream girl, should I pay $230 for the hour or just the 30 min for $130! Well, Eva already empty me once yesterday afternoon, there is no way I can manage two shots here, so 30 min should be enough!

Paid the papasan and Mandy came back to take me into one of the rooms.

The room is very spacious, decor is dated but reasonably clean, big walk in shower enough for six people, but unfortunately , the WL doesn't shower with you in Canberra !

Mandy told me to shower first and she will be right back. she came back before I was ready , she prepared the bed and took off that dress. Those are seriously beautiful big tits, I can't help but have a hug with Mandy, then turn her around so that I could cup her tits with my two hands, i love to watch this play in a mirror but shit no mirror !!

Well there is a very small one by the door , totally useless. Now that I have both of Mandy's tits in my hands I think they are 99% natural but I might as well ask :

A: They are so big, so beautiful 

M: You like big boobs?

A: I love big boobs, are they all real ?

M: Of course, real boobs, 

Sorry, battery running low, to be continued......

OK, ready for more ??

So I lay in the middle of the bed where Mandy has placed a small sheet in the middle.

Mandy got a Dom out and put it next to me, I already knew everything is safe in Canberra so no BBBJ for sure.

Mandy started the service with some slight cat bath on my chest, she licks my nipples one after another, so this is pretty standard play for Korean shop but I must say, Mandy's CB is pretty ordinary so is her CBJ !!

I think we punters in Sydney are really spoiled with so many Asian shop doing BBBJ as standard services, so I guess this sucking over a Dom is not doing much for me.

So I pulled Mandy up closer to me, and said let me play, her tits of course! So Mandy is now sitting on my tummy , her two big tits are hanging down right in front of my face!

I said D cups? Double D cups ? Mandy said they are E Cups, I said E for excellent ! You have excellent boobs !

So for the next 10 min, I was just playing with my favourite toys:

Playing with them, squeezing them - very gently and softly, kissing them, bury my head between them, and press them against my head, then I gave them a lick, the nipples were very responsive , they were fully erected, so I have to eat them, suck them into my mouth. 

When I have to take a breather I just place my hand under one of the breast and feel its weight, then I hold it up and then let it drop, swing them to one side and let them swing back !

I can do this all day and all night !

Before I could decide whether I should skip fucking Mandy but fuck her tits instead, Mandy lean over to the side table and got some lube in her hand, she lubed her pussy then hold my cock up and eased herself down to me !

I remained rock hard when I was tits playing! Mandy is very tight and once I was all IN , I adjusted my position so that I feel comfortable completely inside her and I can give here some pounding from underneath !

As a massage man , I don't often fuck other woman outside home , the last pussy I was inside was the Aussie girl Michelle from 5 Star, that was a different experience as I haven't had a blonde for many years. Korean pussies I have had plenty but this pair of tits is among the very best. 
I fucked Mandy from below as hard as I can but I have to slow down and take a rest after about 2 minutes , I knew my condition, my back was just getting better thanks to Eva, I really shouldn't over extended myself , so I stopped and just play with those big tits, my hands don't need any rest, may be I should pull it out and fuck the tits instead, I was just about to push Mandy out so that I could get up, Mandy changed her body a bit and started to go up and down on my cock in the cow girl style, and she was very good at this, the angel between her pussy and my cock was perfect , the feeling of her tight pussy moving up and down my cock was sensational , and I have those great tits in my hands, I am cumming !! And I did , as I was just about to shoot, I pulled Mandy down towards me and pressed her big tits on my chest and I move my hands down to grab hold of Mandy's butt and pounded her with everything I got , I haven't cum this hard for a long time, gee she is good! 

A nothing cat bath, pretty average CBJ but great tits and sensational fuck. I'm happy I did the whole thing lay on my back and no bad effect on my problem areas after the session, good, I did well. The last thing I want is to hurt myself having sex !

When I lay there to catch my breathe, Mandy cleans me up and said you are a good man , I said why, she said you are very gentle, your hands are very soft , you must have a good job, I said I'm a accountant, oh, so you work in office, you have good life. I laughed, we continued chatting while we showered separately and getting dressed.

Mandy is actually from Sydney - yes, of course I asked her if she is working in Sydney but no, she has moved to Canberra and will stay there to work a few months to see if she can make good money.

Yeah, too bad she is not working in Sydney otherwise I got to come back and fuck those tits !!


PS. This is a similar dress to the one that Mandy was wearing, similar effects:


Floor: #2
Post Time: 31st March 2014, 05:24 PM
Poster ID: Lustvader
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Great review, Lungor (and nice illustration)!  I might have to check her out sometime.


