Thread Title: Reid - 0411 075 399
Floor: #1
Post Time: 29th June 2010, 07:50 PM
Poster ID: ordnance54
Post Title: 
 Reid - 0411 075 399
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name:  Jessie

Contact Details/Address: 0411 075 399

Prices:$170 for an hour

Age: 20 years

Size/shape: Size 8 to 10. About 170cm tall with surgeon assisted C cup breasts, shaved, very cute and tight butt.

Nationality or Ethnicity: Asian of Thai origin with reasonable English

Services:natural oral for an extra $50, does Greek but only tiny peckers need apply, (which ruled me out)

Value for money/recommend ? Good VFM and worth a visit/revisit

I have visited this apartment in the Argyle complex before and it seems that there is a regular turnover of Asian WLs there.

After seeing the ad in the CT - 'Model Jessie - Asian 20yo, pretty, busty, classy, extras available', I rang and queried Mamasan what was on offer. She advised that natural, Greek for lesser endowed members and even golden showers were available. I booked, hoping that she had poor eyesight or that her version of lesser endowed matched my endowment. Alas, that wasn't the case, but the offer of natural and an attractive girl made me stay.

After showering, I stood by the edge of the bed while Jessica sat on the bed providing excellent natural french, while I alternated between looking at the performance in the mirrored doors, taking a top down view or watching a porn actress on the television. When I weakened at the knees, I lay down while Jessie continued to administer her considerable oral services, while teasing my rear end. In danger of blowing too soon, I call time out and cuddled and explored Jessie while I got my breath back.

After some more oral (this time CBJ) we went into reverse cowboy, doggy and mish, before I called uncle and asked if Jessie would finish me with CIM. She agreed and soon I was seeing stars, while fighting of a toe curling cramp.

A better than average massage followed a very good punt. 

Jessie is returning to Sydney for a month, so keep an eye out for her up there. Meanwhile I wait for a return bout next time she is back in the CT.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 19th September 2010, 10:51 AM
Poster ID: rufustfirefly
Post Title: 
 frist time review
				
Post Content: 
Establishment and/or person's Name: Argyle Square Canberra

Contact Details/Address: 0411 075 399 Argyle Square Canberra

Hours of Business: (if known or applicable) 24/7

Prices: $100 for 1/2hr

Age: 20

Size/shape: small with big tits

Nationality or Ethnicity: Asian

Services: Straight sex plus offers of extras. Good massage

Value for money/recommend?: Yes

My experience/comments: On a cold Canberra night I made my way to the Argyle square for some fun and relaxation. I was met by a fresh eyed and sexy 20 yr old Asian girl in what appears to be just a regular apartment complex. After agreeing on a price and thinking about some naughty extras I settled on regular vanilla type offering. She got straight down to business with removal of her dress in a nano second and straight onto the bed to work my stiff cock. Some mutual play time and then a decent BJ which ended with her on top working me up and down.  Welcome relief followed by a relaxing and well needed massage. Would definitely go back.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 19th September 2010, 11:26 AM
Poster ID: Foxy Roxy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Wow. I bet poor Vic, manager of the Argyle, would love to know the complex is now considered a brothel. Especially considering he had the nerve to kick my young protege, Tabitha, & I out for sullying his complex with this 'unsavoury business'! 

Far out, brussel sprout!


Floor: #4
Post Time: 22nd March 2011, 12:11 AM
Poster ID: cspan
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
At any one time, there's at least six apartment taken with girls working. Most either come here quite frequently on a schedule or seem to live there. He surely can't not realise what its all about.
Maybe he expected you to pay a kick back, not that you should, but I just wonder what his deal is?


Floor: #5
Post Time: 28th July 2011, 10:47 PM
Poster ID: Davidw2
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Establishment and/or person's Name: MIKI

Contact Details/Address: 0411 075 399 Argyle Square Canberra

Hours of Business: (if known or applicable) ? 24/7

Prices: $170 for hr

Age: 26

Size/shape: small with C tits and puppy fat

Nationality or Ethnicity: Thai part Chinese

Services: FS

Value for money/recommend?: Yes

My experience/comments: Miki answered the phone to me and speaks relatively good English (been in oz for 18 months). She sounded nice and friendly on the phone and was clear that she did not do natural French or provide other extras but I felt it would still be good from our chat and was not disappointed. The phone number is not exclusive to her and there are clearly other girls working out of these appartments via the same number. 

Miki greeted me at the door in a sexy outfit - she has long dark hair, pretty face and nice body (not thin) with great tits that are sensitive and she enjoys them being played with and sucked. As with many Thai girls only in to light kissing but lost no time in working her way to my nipples and giving them a good working over. Miki is very cuddly and playful, laughs and once she is relaxed starts to get aroused - although she had said she did not do natural French I can't resist and  after a little bit of exploratory activity she let me in enough between her legs to get started. She has a bit of a hairy mound which I don't really like but decided to keep going and her clit got sensitive really quickly and then I had some great DATY -  she had some powerful orgasms (great taste ). 

After she recovered on with the dom and into cowgirl. Miki is quite tight and was really into sex which was great and she played withn my now sensitive nipples while she rode me, we turned over into missionary and I came quite quickly - she is one of those girls who can contract her cunt muscles around your cock to take you over the edge - I love that experience. 

We then lay and chatted , caressing each other  - she offered massage but I was happy just talking. Miki lives in Sydney and only comes to Canberra in school holidays (does not do this sort of work in Sydney) and has an advert in CT when she is here - goes back this weekend. We clicked but from what she said this doesn't happen with everyone particularly the first time you see someone but as it did it was a fun experience.

Overall: I will look out for her when she is back in Canberra


Floor: #6
Post Time: 6th May 2013, 10:12 AM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by Davidw2


.... The phone number is not exclusive to her and there are clearly other girls working out of these appartments via the same number. ..
"""



Good review DavidW2.

This ad is in todays Canberra Times is consistent with your note about shared phones, or maybe a booker working for a few of the WLs at the Argyle.

ZARA, beautiful Asian, 20yo, busty, sweet, friendly. Phone 0411 075 399.


