Thread Title: 11 Balmoral St, Frankston - 0449 255 445
Floor: #1
Post Time: 21st March 2011, 07:48 PM
Poster ID: iceman
Post Title: 
 11 Balmoral St, Frankston - 0449 255 445
				
Post Content: 
Full Body massage
Person's Name:Marie

Establishment :Office upstairs

Date of Visit:21 march 2011
Contact Details/Address/Weblink: mobile No. 0449 255 445 11 Balmoral st Frankston Upstairs, look for little doorway

Hours of Business:9 - 8pm

Rates:$40 to 60 half hr

Age:
approx 50
Size/shape:Smallish body older so out of shape for the young ones.

Nationality or Ethnicity:Chinese

Services Provided:RnT massage

Value for money/recommend?:Good fun if you are after someone a bit more mature and a bit forgiving

My experience/comments: Visited a couple of times now after trying to track down another Thai Lady Anong, but got the wrong women but had a ok time. Half an hour for a pretty good massage for $40.00 and i asked her would she take off she said next time, so i went along for a relaxing time which i had. Today however i went back and got i think her name is marie and today she said it was hot and i could tell, she was wearing a see thru dress showing off her aging body and above ave underwear.
Anyway the massage started and i said to her would she do nude, she said only if i was good and pay extra $20.00, so thought could i see her nude first, she ok, much to my surprize, off with the gear to reveal a ave naked mature body. She said what now, i said nice slow soft sensual massage which then progressed until i flipped over. She was a little shy and was massaging me a little further than previous so i said we need to relax. To the point she said we need to move rooms, and we went next door, to a better table where we touched each other a lot and she gave me a ave HJ, before she laid down for me to wank onto boobs.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 6th April 2011, 12:31 PM
Poster ID: iceman
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
wrong number use this one. 0449 155 445


Floor: #3
Post Time: 27th August 2011, 03:50 PM
Poster ID: chris2000
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Oh man ...worst massage i ever had
Was massaging me like massaging a doll
She came nude...does not know english.....no use..try some where else
Cheap but if R&T of nude massage never go there


Floor: #4
Post Time: 12th November 2012, 07:27 PM
Poster ID: wicked
Post Title: 
 11 Balmoral St, Frankston - 0449 255 445
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name Lulu

Date of Visit: Oct 2012

Contact Details: see above

Address: 11 Balmoral St

Prices: $100 hr

Age: 30+

Size/shape: size 8/10 Boobs C

Nationality or Ethnicity: PRC

Services: Nude, FS, massage

Value for money/recommend?: Yes

My experience:[/QUOTE] Called the number and was told Yuyu was on. Wasn't sure what to expect, having never been there! Go upstairs, she is busy with someone else after a quick hello. I'm thinking of doing a runner, but wait a few more minutes before being shown to the first room.

Wait 5 mins then she comes up close and asks how long? She makes me horny with her tight black dress and boobs almost about to pop. I say 1 hr and hand over $100. She asks me if I have been there before and I say first time!

A bit of foreplay and I pull out her nipples and rub my cock on the back of her skirt before feeling my way under. She is naked underneath. She then asks me into the next room.

The clothes all come off and I rub my hands all over her. When I get close to her pussy she says not inside and I tell her I don't charge extra! Small laugh. 

I get her on the massage table and offer her a massage to start. I ask if I'm good enough to work there. Rub some oil all over her and rub my cock in-between her cheeks. Do a body slide when she says she should charge me $100 more for a bodyslide. Cheeky. I spread her cheeks and she has some nice looking pussy lips, but flinches if I get too close. We swap positions and her turn to massage me.

Not long after she asks me if I want an oil HJ and suggests more. I offer her $50 for a BBBJ and sex and she agrees. Starts a gentle BBBJ and I ask if I can lick her. Next minute she straddles the table and we are both licking away, before she jumps off and reaches for the condom.

She sits back on the edge of the table and I rub my cock all over her pussy lips before pushing it right in. While fucking her, her mobile rings a couple of times and she takes the calls! I keep fucking and licking her nipples to see if she can concentrate! She holds herself pretty well!

I then move her on top of the table and continue till I want to blow. She has her head tilted to the side with her eyes shut. There is no kissing at all. Finishes me up and she makes some comments about the size of my cock compared to Chinese men.

We have a bit of small talk before I hand her the rest of the money in my wallet and walk out. Good experience for a first time visit! I certainly got more than I bargained for! She did make me horny and filled the spot for today.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 17th November 2012, 12:21 PM
Poster ID: need_email_addy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name: dont know - 'new girl'

Date of Visit: 15th Oct 2012

Contact Details: 0449 255 445 

Address: 11 Balmoral St

Prices: $70 for 30mins

Age: mid 30s

Size/shape: size 8/10 A or B cup

Nationality or Ethnicity: PRC

Services: massage/rnt/topless

Value for money/recommend?: no

My experience: In the area and above review looked promising. No appointment made, just took my chances. Went in and was greeted by 40/50ish prc lady who said 'new girl is on. new girl is good' so off i go into the room. she asked me to pay now, i said how much, to which she asked if i want special massage (of course i do) which was $70 for 30. Off she shuffles and in comes the 'new girl' who doesnt speak a single word and looks like she is being held at gunpoint. not interested at all. I got my kit off and proceeded to experience the worst poking and prodding ive ever paid money for. zero massage skills. on the flip i started to get a bit irritated that it was shit and this sheila was still wearing clothes so i told her to take it off - to which she just stared at me and then removed her clothes. chubby gut, stretch marks on breats and generally speaking not much going for her. it was at this point i was resigned to the fact that id already paid and she was clearly struggling so i just closed my eyes and waited for the tug. was surprisingly good handling the package, just too bad about everything else.
massage/rubbing poking and prodding = 2
body/visual appeal = 4
tug = 7.5

WIR - definite no from me


Floor: #6
Post Time: 17th November 2012, 02:22 PM
Poster ID: wicked
Post Title: 
 11 Balmoral St, Frankston - 0449 255 445
				
Post Content: 
I haven't been back there. But Lulu was definitely worth it. Apart from her using the phone! Your session sounds like a shocker!

Try Cumberland Relaxation next time! Much better value. You can have massage from $60 half and FS for $100. Girls are attractive and accommodating.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 29th July 2013, 07:18 PM
Poster ID: Goldfinger38
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name Emma

    Date of Visit: 27-28th July 2013

    Contact Details: 0449 255 445

    Address: 11 Balmoral St

    Prices: $100 hr

    Age: 30+

    Size/shape: size 8/10 Boobs C

    Nationality or Ethnicity: Chinese

    Services: Nude, DATY, Massage, Tittie play

    Value for money/recommend?: Yes

    My experience:  Called the number and was told Coco plus the girl who answered the call was on. Wasn't sure what to expect, having never been there! Now when I got to the place near the Shopping Centre Car Park entrance I noticed 2 doorways to massage places however for a point of reference it is the one on the right as the mobile phone number is posted on a laminated notice to the right of the doorway.

Go upstairs, press the buzzer and enter through the door, a girl came out of the far room and asked me to come in, I went over entered, she smiled and gives me a hug, she is about 5 foot tall/short

Asks how long, I say an hour and she takes my money and goes out, I commence to undress, part way through this she comes back in and commences to undress as well,  this certainly suggests something is on offer LOL

I ask her what her name is and she says Emma.  OK so not Coco  but she looks ok and give me a hug naked as well and grabs the Johnson to say Hi as well.

I get on the massage table and she asks how I like it   I say firm  and away she goes, putting a little bit of oil on but not too much. Then she hops up on the table and onto me with her pussy resting on my ass, nice feeling as she gets into my back.

Then she hops off and massages around my body while I gently have a feel of her as well which she doesn't seem to mind.

Then she brushes the tackle and rubs up the inside of my leg and brushes my Johnson a few times and then just does that for a while which feels great, so I flip over to check her out.

She bends down so I can suck on those tasty little morsels and she proceeds to oils me up,  I then decide to hop up and suck on her even more while she grabs hold of me,  bugger this so I lay her down on the table and say would she like me to do DATY, she says $20 so I say OK,  proceed to do the job on her and she tastes very yummy and is very wet and cums for me.

Then we swap and she proceeds to give me HJ, she says no to BJ as she doesn't do that and wont do FS. Who knows given this is first time with her she certainly opened up a bit for me (* pardon the pun)

Anyway she eventually got me across the line, cleaned me up and gave me a head massage to finish before I got up to change,
Overall an OK massage, not the best but certainly OK given she was Naked and OK for some extras.

Will try for Coco next time.


Floor: #8
Post Time: 14th August 2013, 03:22 PM
Poster ID: tbimtbim
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
went there today, the lady name is Jolie, about 30's.

I asked 30 mins massage for $40. At beginning she asked me to put the underwear on and very poor massage skill. At the end, I asked for extra service, but she said no, they are not doing it!!!!

Anyone can verify it?


Floor: #9
Post Time: 27th October 2015, 03:35 PM
Poster ID: Wollee
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Julie

Establishment : 11 Balmoral Street Frankston

Date of Visit : 23rd October 2015

Contact Details/Address: Tel. 0449 155 445

Hours of Business : 10.30am - 9pm 7 days 

Rates : $50 for 30 min inc Tug OR $70 for 30 min nude inc tug

Age : 27 (she said but add another 10 years)

Size/shape : Stocky, size 12

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese Beijing

Services Provided : Nude Massage and Tug

Value for money/recommend? : Yes....

My experience/comments :-

Knew that I was going to be in the area, so phoned a couple of days ahead to scope the place out. Told that Julie would be working on the Friday. On the day, I rang and confirmed a time.

Arrived and parked in the Council car park. $1.10 for 1 hour. Entered the door and walked up the stairs. Met at the top and woman asks my name..Wol I said. She said good, my name is Julie. I followed her into the room and she tells me the menus. (Above). I select the $70 option.

She goes out, I strip and sit on the table waiting. She returns and locks the door. Good!! She then lifts her dress over her head to reveal black panties and nothing else. Pert breasts but chubby stomach. Off with the knicks to reveal a neatly trimmed bush. 

She then says 10 minutes for you, 10 for me and 10 again for you ..Better.

Onto my stomach and she commences her massage. I notice that she is playing with her phone and messaging. I ask her to stop and she does. She continues with the rub including crac and sac action. Then her turn. I get her onto the table and start my rub. Down her back to her crac and puss. Tickle the man in the boat from behind and she starts squirming. Turn her over, caress her breasts, nipples and a bit of DATY. She is breathing heavy and tells me to stop. 

My turn again and she starts a two handed cock rub. I flick her clit and the inevitable. Splat.

She cleans me up and finishes off the time with a head and face massage. She gets dressed and disappears. I get dressed and let my self out. About 25 minutes in total.

WIR....probably not as I am not in Franga very often.


