Thread Title: 371B Springvale Rd Springvale - 8524 6662
Floor: #1
Post Time: 17th March 2018, 08:12 PM
Poster ID: happyending
Post Title: 
 371B Springvale Rd Springvale - 8524 6662
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Helen

Establishment : Massage shop

Date of Visit : 16/3/18

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 371 Springvale Rd Springvale

Hours of Business : not sure

Rates : $40 1/2 hr 

Age : 22

Size/shape : Size 8 nice b cups

Nationality or Ethnicity : China

Services Provided : Semi nude hj $50

Value for money/recommend? : no

My experience/comments :I entered the shop and was met by a nice looking young girl in a short dress asked how long i said 30 min she said $40 i gave her a 50 and was shown to the room and told to undress. I removed my clothes and lay down on table the girl returned and  i asked her name she replied Helen and said she was a accounting student been here 3 years. The massage started a bit of elbows on the back then straight to a tickle on the balls and asked if i wanted extras i replied yes how much she indicated hj with clothes off and requested the money before she undressed. I paid and lay down she removed her top and pulled the dress down to expose her g string and oiled me up and started the hj. I went to pull down the dress to access her pussy she stopped me and got a bit shirty i said i paid for clothes off but she refused to drop the g string or allow any touching except her butt and tits. as she already had me hard and continued the hj while we were discussing the clothing, i decided it would be too hard to get up and get my money back so i decided to continue and made sure she had to work hard to get me off. I also made her promised to massage me after which she did until the time was up. Also she cleaned me up with a towel in a bucket of water after i came i was thinking she was going to clean me up after the massage with the same water  but she changed the water, i think they use the same towel to clean up the customers with a rinse in between so i wouldn't be surprised that they are wiping previous customer cum all over you. When dressed i remembered that i hadn't got my change and was not offered it so i said to her i paid you $50 and all of a sudden she says i have to get you $10 change and went to her bag and got it, i believe she though she had got away with keeping it so beware.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 17th March 2018, 08:57 PM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"making her work hard for it".  Visions of sweat dropping off her forehead onto your body as u do everything u can to prolong the inevitable, with her showing a strained face lol


Floor: #3
Post Time: 17th March 2018, 09:02 PM
Poster ID: nextlif
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Do you have contact details or a weblink for this shop?


Floor: #4
Post Time: 18th March 2018, 09:34 AM
Poster ID: happyending
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
The address is actually 371b springvale rd Hualy Massage 8524 6662


Floor: #5
Post Time: 5th July 2018, 11:16 PM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Was doing some detective work this morning in Springvale. I actually said to a guy standing at the bus stop" im undercover", as i walked in. This shop has a neighbouring shop about 10 doors down, with another one next to the liberty service station,opposite.  Back in the car heading towards Springvale station, there is another one on the right just before the lights.  Really shocked to see 4 in close proximity.   I am sure there could be a couple more in surrounding streets in this suburb.  Unfortunately the search for red headed Tiffany, continues.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 23rd August 2018, 05:50 PM
Poster ID: Jassyhub2013
Post Title: 
 Hualy Massage 371b Springvale Road Springvale
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Mimi - Tue

Establishment : Hualy Massage 371b Springvale Road Springvale (03) 8524 6662 

Date of Visit : Aug 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://melbourne.locanto.com.au/ID_...pringvale.html

Hours of Business : 10am till 8pm

Rates : $70 60min

Age : 30ish

Size/shape : C-D cup, slim 8

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese - Guangzhou

Services Provided : Nude massage, Bodyslide, Spanish

Value for money/recommend? : Good value for money IMHO

My experience/comments :

I checked out this place a few weeks ago, however upon entering I was presented with 40+ ML's who were not to my taste for the day and decided to move on.
I thought as it was a different day I would drop in and try my luck to see who was working.
Lucky this time as there was a chirpy 30ish ML in a nice "bone" colored tight dress (sorry for the pun but true :-)) nice body who fit the bill.

Booked for 1hr and she directed me to the first room at the front of the shop.
On entering the room was piping hot as I began to undress. I also noticed a curtain drape at the back of the room. I thought this might lead to another room
or a shared shower (as in some other shops) but was wary as it didn't seem to mask any action noises that may eventuate... 

I lay on the table and notice it is also heated, a nice touch on a cold day.
In comes Mimi and asks if I want soft, medium or hard. I ask for hard then soft later.
She begins with some oil and actually can give a pretty good massage as she begins on my shoulders and back.

A little chit/chat as I ask her if she has been busy which she replies no and I laugh saying "no good, no money"
To which she laughs, smack my bum and says "You cheeky boy" (Looks like we might be onto something here). 

Continue with the massage but no further signs as she proceeds with a hard massage as I requested.
Looking to move things along as she moves to my side I brush her leg with my hand commenting I need to warm my hands up.
She laughs and smacks my bum and gives my balls a quick tickle. She then grabs my hand and puts it between her legs moving back and forth moaning.
We both laugh and she returns to standing beside me massaging my back. With the ice broken I run my hand up and down her leg then up higher
and in between her legs to rub her pussy through her panties.

She continues with the massage until it gets time for her to ask me to flip. she leans down and whispers in my ear "You want nude bodyslide"?
I ask how much and she says $80. I have a good look at her rack which I guess is around a C-D thinking "I'd like to have a look at those"
She notices this takes her hands and squeezes her boobs together and says "I do good job for you"
Believing her I think "bugger it" and agree.

Off comes the dress and I assist to release her "puppies" which are indeed a nice set of C-D and quite pert.
Then off come the panties to reveal an nicely manicured beaver. She motions me back onto the table and proceeds to give a pretty decent bodyslide to my back.
She gets her large breasts and rubs them all over my back and arse then move up and starts licking my ear and blowing softly into it.
After a bit more of this little Jas begins to rise and I'm getting a little uncomfortable as he's jammed between me and the table.

I hint I'd like to flip, she hops off and allows me to turn over.
She oils up a bit more jumps back on and proceed to slide up and down my front. Comes up close and gives me a peck on the lips but no DFK.
she slide back down again and proceeds with some Spanish between her ample breasts which is to my liking.
She smile laughs and starts to make some moaning not worried that the back door is a curtain and others may be around.

She slides up again and starts grinding her pussy against Jas junior and riding me on the outside.
Getting close she must have sensed this and she slid back down placed Jas between her breasts and finished him off to completion.
I shot my load all over her breasts and she lifted her head just in time not to get any on her chin. She looks up and smiles pleased with the results. 

After finishing she cleans herself up with wet wipes and I ask if I can take a shower. She agrees and asks me to wait while she gets me a towel.
I relax on the table and she is soon back and I can take my shower to clean up. She motions me toward the curtain to which I exit and realise it goes straight into the hallway.
I hope we didn't make too much noise as anyone may have been able to hear us!! 

Oh forgot to mention. As she was cleaning herself up she was still playful and rubbing her breasts which I was admiring. She stuck each one (at a time) in her mouth and sucked on her own nipple.
We both laughed and she commented to herself how goof her tits are!! 
A fun lady to which I will be returning to some day.

YMMV, good luck!!

Cheers
Jas


Floor: #7
Post Time: 22nd November 2018, 03:55 PM
Poster ID: Jassyhub2013
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sugar (Thu)

Establishment : 371B Springvale Road, Springvale

Date of Visit : Oct 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 

Hours of Business : 10am till 8pm

Rates : $70 60min +$40

Age : 28-30ish

Size/shape : B-C cup, slim 8, nice body IMHO

Nationality or Ethnicity : Taiwan - ??

Services Provided : Massage, Clothed HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Meh, not really interested....

My experience/comments :

Hi Guy's

Catching up on a bit of a backlog of punts. I took a few weeks off while all the raids in Melb were happening as didn't want to end up a statistic...
I'll try to keep this one short and concise. So here we go (It wasn't the best punt anyway).
Out on a Thursday and was feeling the itch, so decided to head down to Springvale.

ATM I don't have a "special" ML and am looking for someone who I can make a bit of a connection with that is at a reasonable price, so I keep trying diffreent shops on different days.
Went into above shop to see who was working, two girls on the desk. The first one on the left poped up and offered me a massage. She was a new face and looked ok so I said yes.

Into the first room and I dis-robed and lay down to wait. She returned soon and I try to start some banter.
She told me her name was "Sugar" so I "tried" to make a joke of it and said "Oh, your not only cute but sweet as well"
This just got a wry smile from her but no responce (maybe a dad joke she thought?) On with the massage.

She was faily clinical with no real brush of the tackel and no teasing of the sort. The conversation seemed to warm a little and she did chat a bit telling me she had been to the
Royal Melb Show, but she only went as some guy took her and paid for everything (I thought what a sucker, or there was more on the menu? I hope...)
Soon enough time came to flip and she asked me if I wanted a HJ. I asked was anything else on the menu but she shook her head (maybe she is new?)
She wanted $50 but I said it was too high and girls do it for $30. She didn't seem too impressed but agreed.
She actually gave a pretty good slow HJ and she allowed me to touch her and I ran my hand up and down her legs. Felt that she had some panties on and felt her boobs through her top.
She had that "starfish" look on her face but did keep eye contact (which is better than some who just look up to the ceiling or over to a door/window, thier phone...)
Soon enough I erupt and she cleans me up with tissues and wet whipes. I ask if I can take a shower to get the rest of the oil off to which she agrees and gets me a towel.

She wasn't bad but there just seemed to be no connection or contact. Maybe she just wasn't into me, having a dud day or she was new.
I ended up paying her $40 as I did get to have a shower and she also allowed the touching outside. I also found her a little cute (pity we didn't hit it off as I would have gone back for her).
You will know if you get Sugar by the info below. If you do let me know if she was better for you...

Tatoo on left upper arm (Shoulder-Elbow)
Tatoo on lower left ankle
White top short denim mini skirt
White runners with short white socks
Dark shoulder length hair
Two years in Melb
Fairly attractive but a bit disconnected. Maybe just not into me...

YMMV, good luck!!

Cheers
Jas


Floor: #8
Post Time: 21st December 2018, 09:53 AM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
It's been reported on ISG that this area's shops, all 14 of em, were all visited by the cops recently.  I have to assume it was just the police popping in and wishing every a merry xmas and happy new year.


Floor: #9
Post Time: 22nd December 2018, 08:59 AM
Poster ID: happyending
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I was parked out the front of the shops across the road from woolies thinking of checking out the talent of 373 and 375 on Thursday and noticed some suspicious looking people with clipboards hanging around the area, i looked to my left and saw a group of cops etc around the corner of the side street next minute they came down the footpath and passed 371 the council le stopped and read the open for xmas notice on 371 the rest of them split up and entered 373 and the rest went to 375 they stayed for about 30 min. I saw them take some photos of 373 meanwhile some worried looking punters emerged from the shops and scurried away. Both shops were still open afterwoods. I called a girl who works at 375 to tell her what i saw, she told me that the boss just called her and told her not to come to work as they had been raided. Must have been my lucky day !!


