Thread Title: 375B Relaxation Therapy - Springvale - 0450 629 477
Floor: #1
Post Time: 8th June 2015, 03:25 PM
Poster ID: Wollee
Post Title: 
 375B Relaxation Therapy - Springvale - 0450 629 477
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Vivian

Establishment : 375B Relaxation Therapy

Date of Visit : 27th May 2015

Contact Details/Address: 375B Springvale Road Springvale 0450 629 477

Hours of Business : 10.00 am till 8.30 pm 7 days 

Rates : Rate 30min/$50, 45 min/$60, 60min/$70 plus extra

Age : 38

Size/shape : Did not see nude but has a middle aged body, face shows signs of wear

Nationality or Ethnicity : Southern Chinese

Services Provided : Weak Massage RNT

Value for money/Recommend : No

Saw advert in local press for a new shop open 26th April. Called number, found prices and asked who was working. Told to ask for Vivian. A couple of weeks later rang and made an appointment
Was first customer for the day and she was still in her street attire. Heavy jumper, pantyhose but short skirt- could be good-could be bad

Good conversation but massage was fairly weak. She used to work in shopping centre but too many staff-not enough money. Here she is mamasan and is looking to hire more girls. Needs to pocket $200 per day to cover costs and then the rest is hers.

Back to the massage which was pretty weak. I tried to feel her up, but she kept her distance. When I did get a chance to touch her leg, the bloody pantyhose was to thick for any decent feeling

About 20 min in she whispered $30. I said yes and this was a sign for her to begin TT and crac action. Rolled me over and commenced the tug. I tried to go under her top but was met with a couple of layers on additional clothing. Could not even feel her bra. On the lower side, the pantyhose restricted any touching of her privates. She had more body armour on than Sir Galahad.

Anyhow, she got me over the line, cleaned me up with a cold wet one, which shrank the already diminished Wol even further. Got dressed, handed over the tip and before I said goodbye, I asked about additional services and all she offered was topless for an $50. A bit steep just for that, in view of her standoffish attitude. Gave me a business card for future reference. Got the details above and destroyed the card. I may return to see if she has employed other girls but will not waste my time with her.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 12th June 2015, 06:20 PM
Poster ID: Wollee
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Followed up on my previous visit to see if any other girls have been employed. Met Vivian in the hallway and she told me new girl starts tomorrow (Sat). She said 22/23 good looking! 
I didn't not hang around, but will check out the new talent in the next few weeks.

If anyone else has the time and effort....go for it.

Wol...over


Floor: #3
Post Time: 24th August 2015, 04:29 PM
Poster ID: thepunter
Post Title: 
 375B Springvale Road - Springvale - 0450 269 477
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Angela

Establishment : 375B Springvale Road Springvale

Date of Visit : August 2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0450269477

Hours of Business : 

Rates : $50 half hour

Age : 23

Size/shape : small and petite

Nationality or Ethnicity : PRC

Services Provided : RnT

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

Don't normally get to Springvale, but have been a few times recently, and each time has been well worthwhile.

This time was to a newly opened massage shop on Springvale road. Only one ml was in the shop, and that was Angela, very modestly dressed, and there was no indication anything else might be on offer, so I book for 30 minutes.

Early in the massage Angela asked how I like it, hard or soft...and I told her I like it nice and sensual. She said ok, then grabbed my tackle and said nude for extra $50...to which I (probably too quickly agreed). Angela has a lovely body, nice and firm with a pretty little landing strip. Unfortunately she kept well out of groping distance.

On the turnover, Angela when straight into a pretty good hj. Got me over the line pretty quickly.

Will I return. My immediate thought was yes, good massage, pretty lady, the challenge of see if more is on offer etc,  but upon opening the door to leave, I realised a bus stop is right outside, and about ten people watched me come out of the shop and walk away. Talk about a walk of shame!


Floor: #4
Post Time: 17th January 2016, 03:32 PM
Poster ID: schmirk
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I've had trouble finding a place that doesn't close at 1800 on the weekends in the south east so was pleased to find that this place is open until 2130.  It's clean, the massage is good.  The HJ was offered and good although I get the sense that it wouldn't be offered if they got a law enforcement vibe off you.  The lady that I saw was in her mid 40s and I didn't bother to get a name because everything was perfectly adequate without being special.  I'd go back if it was 2030 on a Sunday.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 9th July 2018, 08:53 PM
Poster ID: Jassyhub2013
Post Title: 
 375B Springvale Road, Springvale
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Mae

Establishment : 375B Springvale Road, Springvale

Date of Visit : July 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0450 629 477

Hours of Business : 10am to 7pm (Mae only works Wednesday)

Rates : $70 for 60min

Age : Said 26 but I think around 30

Size/shape : 12+ Curvy (Solid not fat, big butt if you like that)

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : RNT

Value for money/recommend? : Ok, after warming up. Maybe return to see who else is on offer.
My experience/comments : (Please put some effort into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)
So looking to expand my horizons I decided to pick a new place to investigate and found an add on offering $10 discount on a Monday.
Unfortunately I could make it on the Monday but decided to go anyway on the Wednesday and check out the talent.
Thought I'd take a chance and just rolled up to the shop to see who was on. Enter the shop rooms are on the left with a small corridor on the right of the rooms.
Out pops a head of the first room looking down on her phone finishing off a text.

She looks up and ask "You want massage?"

I say yes and she waves me towards the room. On entering the room I realize she is a bit bigger and of solid build than I am usually used to for a Chinese ML. I thought she might even be of Islander decent.
I always find it awkward when it gets to this stage to back out (even thought I'm paying) so as not to offend.
She asks me how long I want and for some reason my brain is not functioning and I say 1hr (then start kicking myself).
Hand over the money and she says "You undress I come back"
Strip and onto the table, just as she returns.
She begins the massage which seems a little soft but she slowly built up.
I ask her name and she tells me Mae and she is from Hong Kong. I am surprised as I mention above but it is soon to be confirmed when another punter enters the shop.
Another ML calls out to her in Mandarin and she replies. The "punter" doesn't seem to like the look of the ML on offer and asks who else is available.
Mae stops for a moment and exits the room. She soon returns. I ask her if it is her customer and he is waiting for her (thinking I might be able to do a swap).

However she reply's "This man no like young girls, he want old lady" 
I laugh and reply "Oh he want Lao Tai Tai"
Even though my Mandarin is bad she understands and laughs out "Oh you smart you can talk Mandarin" I said only a little
She said "I 26, my friend 24 but he no like".
Being polite I said he must be crazy and left it at that. 

I think this seemed to break the ice so to speak as she became more friendly after this episode.

She continued "He want old lady because better fuck! Young girl no good fuck"
This made me laugh and I said "Oh I think you would be good fuck"
She replied "I too big" and pointed to her arse
I roll over slightly and said "No this good, fuck better" To which I indicated you could grab her arse with both hands to plow her deeper
To which she laughed and replied "You naughty man" 

On with the massage at which point I noticed no music was playing, which I think is the first time I've had a massage with no music.
Still face down I hear her rustling around. Next thing I know she is up on the table with me. I didn't notice when I entered the room but there is actually a bar across the ceiling.
She grabs onto the bar and starts to step onto my thighs and back. To her credit she asks if this is ok and not too hard.
As I like a decent massage It was ok so I let the scenario continue. After this she jumps back off the table and begins with a softer massage and begins to tickle the crack and sack.
She grabs a pillow and asks me to flip, seeing I'm a little hard she asks me if "little brother" would like some attention to which I agree.
She grabs the oil and slowly starts to work on a nice slow HJ.
I start to rub her arse and her boobs through her clothes. I was finding it a little hard to complete the effort so to speak and so decided to make a joke of it.

"See I'm a good fuck, can last a long time"
She laughed and said "Next time you come we fuck"

With this she untied her top to present me with a nice "C" size boob to play with.
This improved the situation and I soon ejected my fluids over her hand and my stomach.
She gave me a decent cleanup and we finished off and I dressed. I gave her an extra $30 for her efforts to which she didn't complain.

She gave me a hug as I left and said "You come back, see me next time".

In the end it worked out ok and she is a nice enough girl, but not sure what I'm really after. Maybe I will return to see if there is anything on offer or see who else is working...

YMMV
Cheers
Jas


Floor: #6
Post Time: 9th August 2018, 02:24 PM
Poster ID: Jassyhub2013
Post Title: 
 375B Springvale Road, Springvale
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Emily

Establishment : 375B Springvale Road, Springvale

Date of Visit : Aug 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0450 629 477

Hours of Business : 10am till 8pm

Rates : $70 60min +$80

Age : 30ish

Size/shape : C cup, slim 8-10, little bit of a tummy

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese - Guangzhou

Services Provided : Nude massage, Body-slide

Value for money/recommend? : Good value for money IMHO

My experience/comments :

Having already been to this place before and seeing Mae I thought I would drop in on a different day to see who else is working.
Strolled in crossing my fingers and hoping for good luck, I saw a girl towards the back of the shop dressed in jeans and a dark polo.
She greeted me with a smile and asked if I would like a massage i nodded and she directed me into the room at the end of the passage.
I was quite surprised as she did not look Chinese but rather like Turkish or of Middle east decent.

She enquired how long and I smiled and touched her arm and said how about 1hr. She nodded smiled returned the arm shoulder touch and
directed me to undress and she will return. I stripped off and lay down on the table and awaited her return.
After 5min or so a knock on the door and in walks a woman with a figure hugging red dress just below the knee with a split up the side
and low cut, with breast bulging out. At first I thought "Shit they've done the bait and switch" until I looked up and saw the same woman's face.

"Oh you've changed clothes"
"Yes" she replied.
"You look fantastic" (always being the gentleman, indeed she did look pretty).
She beamed her smile back at me and said "Thankyou, you are a kind man"
With that she grabbed the oil, asked me to relax and said she would look after me (I hope so...). 

She gave an ok massage but nothing to write home about, mainly soft which made me hope more was on the cards.
I asked where she was from and she said China. I commented she did not look Chinese and she seemed surprised but pleased...
Her English was ok but not fantastic, so we did the best we could to communicate. She apologised as she said she likes to talk but her English
was not so good. I rattled of a few words in Chinese and also said my mandarin is not so good. She laughed and seemed happy.

This broke the ice and she came close to my face gave me a peck on the cheek and asked if there was anything else she could help me with.
I asked what was available and settled on nude body-slide for $80. I thought she would ask for the money up front however she didn't (nice touch) and
began to take her dress, bra and panties off. I complemented her body and nice firm breasts. She held her tummy and said she was a little fat.
I told her she looked great (and her small tummy didn't worry me anyway). 

She oiled her body up rubbing oil all over her tits and tummy, then directed me to lay face down again.
I have had a body slide once or twice before however normally they have been nothing to write home about. This time was different.
She was really skilled and rubbed her firm tits up and down my back and all over my bum. It felt really good and she knew what she was doing.
She then proceeded to grind her pussy along my ass and back slid up and again gave me a peck on the cheek, licked my ear and gave a heavy warm breath
into my ear. This continued a few more times and was getting me horny until she hopped off and asked me to flip.

Jas junior was raised to attention. She gave him a naughty clip over the head (it didn't hurt) and smiled and said we have to look after him also. 
She oiled up a bit more then climbed on board started rubbing her tits on my cock and giving me Spanish a little.
She then moved up higher rubbing her tits over my chest then higher and gave me a little peck on the lips, but no DFK.
Up and down a few more times, her breast got near my mouth and I went to suck it however she moved away and I only got a little tongue lick
(which was probably good as she was all oiled up so I don't know what that would have tasted like).

I thought she would either finish me off Spanish or with a Handjob, however she came in close and started to grind her pussy on my cock and
simulated sex. I grabbed her ass to assist and she lay down on me licking my ear and blowing into it.
We pumped away so furiously I thought at one point I might slip in   (lucky didn't) and she seemed to be really getting into it.

She started murmuring a bit and heavy breathing and this was enough for me and I blew my stack.
She either didn't realise or was too busy herself and kept on going moaning a little more.
Not wanting her to miss out I kept hold of her ass and assisted her with the pumping movements until she groaned a little and fell on me in a heap.
We lay there for a while and I ran my fingers softly up and down her back while we rested.

She then hopped off grabbed tissues and a wet-wipe to clean us both down. She then exited to get a bucket and some water to clean up more.
We still had some time left after the cleanup so she offered me a head massage which I accepted.

Time up, I dressed handed over the agreed amount gave her a hug, she gave me a peck on the lips and I then left.
She told me her name is Emily and she only works Thursdays. Nice lady look after her..

YMMV, good luck!!

Cheers
Jas


Floor: #7
Post Time: 23rd August 2018, 01:18 PM
Poster ID: Jassyhub2013
Post Title: 
 375B Relaxation Therapy - Springvale Road, Springvale
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Ellie (Thur & Sat)

Establishment : 375B Relaxation Therapy - Springvale Road, Springvale

Date of Visit : Aug 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 

Hours of Business : 10am till 8pm

Rates : $70 60min +$70

Age : 30ish

Size/shape : B cup, slim 8, nice body IMHO

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese - Hainan

Services Provided : Nude massage, Bodyslide (sort of), DATY, HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Good value for money IMHO

My experience/comments :

Feeling the urge I headed down to Springvale to checkout what Asian dishes might be on the menu for lunch.
Thought I would stop by and see what was on the menu at the local Thai chow house only to discover it had the closed sign up.
Either the cook was crook today or had indeed herself stepped out to grab a bite to chew on. 

Turn 180 and head back up the street to the first of the Chinese establishments to see what was on offer.
In through the door and was greeted by two presentable chow mien dumplings. A quick look at the menu didn't look like it was going to relieve my
hunger pangs, so I politely declined the offer to eat in and said I would stop by again next time for some take away.

Last stop and after being to this place and seeing Emily, I thought I would drop back in again to see if there was any changes to the menu or some specialty discounts on offer.
Strolled in crossing my fingers and hoping for good luck, no one at reception. I waited a little then a girl appeared from the back of the shop.
She was dressed in jeans and wearing a thick fluffy coat. She greeted me with a smile and asked if I would like a massage.
I asked if Emily was working today, to which she replied no but said she would look after me.
A little hard to see what might be on the menu because of the big fluffy coat but decided to take the chance and booked the 1hr banquet.

Into the room which was nice and warm, I strip off and prepare for the feast as I am starving.
Not long and there was a knock on the door and in enters my waitress. Nice change of menu, above the knee white dress.
Split up one side and low cut showing the melons for desert. Things are looking up!!
She begins the massage and asks if I want oil to which I reply "a little".

She starts a little soft and I'm thinking it going to be all sensual. Then she finds the knots in my shoulder and starts to work on the shoulder fillets.
She is quiet chatty which is not too bad as it helps built the rapport. She tells me she has been in the country about 1yr.
Soon she works her way down my back to the butt rump and gives this a good workout and also a good brush up of the butt crack and gonads.
I wiggle my ass and she gives me a light slap and tells me I am cheeky.

She bends down and whispers in my ear and asks me if I want the desert now. I ask what's on offer and she says nude body slide.
I ask what the damage is and she says how much you want to pay. I offer $70 and it is a done deal.
Her hands are a little oily so I offer to help her slip out of her white dress and peel off her bra and panties to reveal a very nice looking body.
As I'm standing beside the table we hug and I slip my Bonner between her legs and we move up and down a little and rub our bodies together. 

She direct me to lay face down and oils up her body some more and then proceeds to run her body all over my back.
She rubs her tits on my ass and back and the grinds her pussy into my ass and rides me.
She moans a little and starts some dirty talk "oh yes baby, mmm feels good" Which for me is a bit over the top.
This continues for a while until she asks me to roll over. She offers me to "suck on the sav" and says $100 all up.
I counter and ask if there are "Oyster" on the menu today and I will eat them for free!!
She confirms with me that there is not going to be any "sausage sucking" today and I ask if there is any "hide the sausage" action possible. 
She said this is for "friends" only so it looks like its off the menu for me   and we agree to begin the "oyster chow down".

I am presented with nice fresh sweet tasting Asian oysters and begin to suck swallow and lick to which she seems pleased with.
I continue and can hear approval of technique and style with some words to the effect of "yes, yes, keep eating, eat as many as you like"
(ok, more like yes, yes, more, don't stop...) She flicks her hips of the table a few times as I'm doing this and I'm thinking she is really liking it. 
She seems to be getting more wet and the taste of the oyster juices seem to be more salty sweet now..
I continue to down what is on offer until there seems to be no more she pushes my head into her oyster moans then softly pushes my head to the side as this meal is now finished.

We switch positions and she proceeds to give me a front slide and some titty action on the now erect member below.
I was hoping to get the oyster grinding on my sav (outside only of course), but alas no luck as she lowered herself and gave me some more titty action.
As the melons weren't in season as so not too large it was too hard to finish the main course in this style.
She decided a quick switch to some hand action was in order with some light blowing over the top of the main dish as to keep things cool and tasty.
This did the job and soon there was thick cream for anyone who wished to add it to their desert. 

She then hopped off grabbed tissues and wet wipes to clean us both down. She then exited to get a bucket and some water to clean up more.
We still had some time left after the cleanup so she offered me a head massage which I accepted.

Time up, I dressed handed over the agreed amount gave her a hug, she gave me a peck on the lips and I then left.
All in all a good solid banquet offered at this restaurant and will come back to dine here again!!
You will know if you get Ellie as she has a tattoo on her left calf on the side.

YMMV, good luck!!

Cheers
Jas


