Thread Title: 58 James Street, dandenong
Floor: #1
Post Time: 31st July 2013, 02:19 AM
Poster ID: torpedo99
Post Title: 
 58 James Street, dandenong
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Cindy

Establishment : 58 james Street, dandenong

Date of Visit : July 2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0414-213-640

Hours of Business : 

Rates : 50/half hour, 60/qtr, 70/full hour

Age : early 20s

Size/shape : 8

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Nude HJ

Value for money/recommend? : On the pricey side but what isn't expensive in Australia these days!!

My experience/comments : Read about this place recently and decided to give it a punt. easy enough to make an appointment. Place is run by an Indian lady and she has a stable of 5 girls working there. Each day about 3-4 girls. Cindy works on Tuesdays, Wednesdays, Thursdays and Sundays. I took the quarter hour option and nude HJ for 110 all in. She is a petite size 8, nice tits and allows plenty of touching. Her massage is very average, she tries but not much technique. On the flip, she undresses and shows me her tight body and starts massaging my thighs and abs. I meanwhile took the opportunity to run my hands all thru her body focussing on her cute tight butt and breast. I ventured my hands to her pussy and she didn't stop me. Her HJ technique was pretty good, no rushing no manic tugging. Nice and slow and bringing me to a nice climax. 
The previous review posted here mentioned that the place was a dump. Not so. Its a corner house on James Street, not exactly palatial but neat and tidy enough for a massage parlour. The shower facility is decent. Downside to this place is that I'm not sure how long this place has been operating, but the location in a quiet suburban area will certainly attract unwanted attention and maybe matter of time before neighbours report to council or police. 
On my way out I saw a blonde girl on the phone. I think her name is megan, she looks hot. Someone may want to give her a try.


