Floor: #1
Post Time: 20th June 2011, 07:47 PM
Poster ID: stripchecker
Post Title: 
 6/436 Waverley Rd, Malvern East - 03 9571 1688
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name:  Angela

Establishment :  Relaxation Massage

Date of Visit:  18/6

Contact Details/Address/Weblink:  6/436 Waverley Road, Malvern East

Hours of Business:   Unsure

Rates:  $70 for half-hour

Age:  late 30's

Size/shape: Size 10, D cup, 5'5"

Nationality or Ethnicity:  China

Services Provided:  RnT Massage

Value for money/recommend?:  Vague massage, rushed tug.  Good potential, but let them rush you.

My experience/comments: 

Been racking my brain to find a some places in Oakleigh, and came across this one, advertised in the Leader.  I walked up to the shop front, and pushed the door bell (locked... From the inside).  A little hand reached across the glass door and let me in.  A nice little Asian student greeted me.  "Do you have an appointment?", "No", we both look up at the clock near the door. "...you need to wait 10 minutes". In RnT that means 15 to 30 minutes.  "Okay, I'll wait".  I was escorted to a room near the back of the building and sat down to wait for my outcome.  

It was cold, and not particularly pleasant.  The conversations of other punters, muffled by the thin partitions, keep me alert.  Finally a knock on the door... and another knock at the door... "Yes!", I wasn't going to play that game, too long.

This pleasant looking girl popped her head into and ushered me into her room. Larger and definitely warmer.  "Massage?", "Yep!", "$70".  I quickly flicked out 2 x $50 notes to peak her interest.  Off she slipped, out the door to the waiting change machine.

Quickly, she returned, I was already prostate on the work bench.  Before I knew, she was sitting between my legs, warming her hands on my butt cheeks.  She didn't waste time in discussing the football scores, as she starting kissing my back and nibbled on my ear.  Some dry body sliding, with semi-firm mammaries warming me up.  Then, she slide onto the floor (no she didn't climb down), and told me to flip over.  A whole 2 minutes effort, before she was ready to oil me up.  I decided to keep the dry run going, and bravely turned down the oil.  She grabbed my weapon, and admired its brilliance.  She then offered to eat it, and presented her version of Gene Simmons' tongue, for my approval.  Strangely, I turn down the extra $20 advance fee.  She persisted with this endeavor, by kissing the target.  So I changed tack, by getting her to play with herself. She wasn't sure at first, so I showed her how I do it, then with mouth open, and tongue lingering out, she played herself like a guitar.

She was having such a good time, she forgot that she was trying to process me quickly, and to spare you the sordid details, the mission was completed.  Her face beaming, and looking slightly puffed, and shuffled past, buttoning the last piece of my outfit, as I slipped out the front door, mission accomplished.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 12th September 2011, 02:57 PM
Poster ID: Rodine
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Kitty (She pronounces it Kit-ty, distinct two syllables)

Establishment : Relaxation Massage

Date of Visit: late August

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: 6/436 Waverley Road, Malvern East

Hours of Business: Unsure

Rates: $70 for half-hour

Age: late Mid-Late 30's

Size/shape: Size 8, B-C cup, 

Nationality or Ethnicity: China

Services Provided: RnT Massage

Value for money/recommend?: Vague massage, vague facial expressions, clock watching, but pleasant.

My experience/comments: 

After a long hiatus I decided to get back into the swing of things by trying this place. Rang the doorbell, ushered inside and to the second empty massage room on the left.
A tall lady entered and introduced herself as Kitty with a pleasant smile, took my $70 for the half hour, and left for me to disrobe.

She came back in, stripped off and proceeded to give me a massage. It was a very vague massage and there wasn't much enthusiasm in it. This went on for at least 20mins, upon which she asked me to turn over. 
Not a great deal of conversation and either her grasp of english is quite poor or she just doesn't talk much. 
One thing I noticed very clearly was that she constantly checked the time whilst massaging me, and to me that is not only rude but a REAL turn-off, as you know that they would rather be weeding their grandmothers garden!

She asked if I wanted oil 'down there' and I agreed, but was completely soft due to the fact that she wasn't at all interested in what she was doing. I struggled to get over the line, but eventually did. She cleaned me up with tissues and thanked me for coming. To be fair, she was a very polite and pleasant girl, it was just plainly obviously that she didn't want to be there, and that just ruined the experience for me.

Would I return? Yes, to see Lily or even Jennifer, but no way would I want to be stuck with Kitty again!


Floor: #3
Post Time: 9th December 2011, 07:04 PM
Poster ID: golferrob
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hi dropped by yesterday and it was closed, a quick glance n the door looked like it was a bit deserted, not sure if they are closed permanently??


Floor: #4
Post Time: 7th February 2012, 11:59 PM
Poster ID: bob2mason
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
What time do they usually open til?


Floor: #5
Post Time: 8th February 2012, 04:30 PM
Poster ID: gotto.love
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by bob2mason


What time do they usually open til
"""



they closed down at end of last year


Floor: #6
Post Time: 6th March 2012, 07:45 PM
Poster ID: ausnoja
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
WAVERLEY RELAXATION Melbourne, VIC
 Description: Suite 6 /436 Waverley Road Malvern East. 9571 1688 Open 7days. MAA 

Date Listed: 05/03/12 
Ad ID: 2167915V2 
Also posted in: Leader Newspapers 
Views: 1 

can it be true they back in buss !!!


Floor: #7
Post Time: 30th March 2012, 05:11 PM
Poster ID: wicked
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
The number doesn't work, so I guess it's shutdown! That is an old link, I have seen reposted on another forum.


