Thread Title: 77 Massage - 77 Davis Ave, Sth Yarra - 0433 669 666
Floor: #1
Post Time: 16th August 2013, 01:38 AM
Poster ID: gdpd
Post Title: 
 77 Massage - 77 Davis Ave, Sth Yarra - 0433 669 666
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Yuki

Establishment : 77 massage

Date of Visit : 12/07/2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 77 Davis Ave, South Yarra

Hours of Business : 10am till late

Rates : $65/HR. You get coupon which will get you $5 off for next visit. 

Age : Mid 20s

Size/shape : Slim, tattoo on back

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Massage and HJ

Value for money/recommend? : YES

My experience/comments :
Went there on very cold day. Its not much advertised. I found this as I live nearby. I walked in and was ushered to room just next to the reception. She turned on the heater and left the room. Got my gear off and jumped on the table. She came back and asked if any particular kind of massage I was after. I asked for Sensual Lomi Lomi. She game me a good massage. Worked out few knots on my back and shoulders. A good massage for about half and hour. Then she went to get the hot towels to wipe off the oil. No flip yet. Then she start giving me really sensual massage. Nice, soft and touhing my inner thighs. Than she asked me to flip. She was giving me a very slow sensual massage. And she was staying very close my Wand (?). I asked her if she gave any extra and she said she could do HJ for $50. I had not that much cash on me. I said I had nothing over $30. She agreed and gave me nice HJ. Had to tell her to slow down but not that bad. No touching as she was standing well outside my reach. Finished me off, and cleaned me up. On my way out she gave me a card which will get me $5 discount. I will return to try again.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 16th August 2013, 11:54 AM
Poster ID: warren64
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
it would be nice if people included - natural, manicured, shaved, landing strip etc
shaved PRC girls are a rarity..


Floor: #3
Post Time: 16th August 2013, 12:41 PM
Poster ID: ThePuntsman
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by warren64


it would be nice if people included - natural, manicured, shaved, landing strip etc
shaved PRC girls are a rarity.
"""



It doesn't sound as if he got a chance to find out


Floor: #4
Post Time: 23rd August 2013, 03:05 PM
Poster ID: raxel
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
There's a few girls there that will do it, two large girls Phoebe and Sasa. No way are they worth $50 a pop, tip em $20, they got no-one to complain to anyway if they think its not enough.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 23rd August 2013, 03:19 PM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Is this business named 'Cozy massage' ?

If so, I'll correct the thread name and telephone.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 23rd August 2013, 10:05 PM
Poster ID: gdpd
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I don't think so! As it just says 77 Massage! I had a massage few months before and no extras were available!


Floor: #7
Post Time: 26th August 2013, 01:36 PM
Poster ID: mikemelb
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by gdpd


I don't think so! As it just says 77 Massage! I had a massage few months before and no extras were available
"""



so its not LoliLove?


Floor: #8
Post Time: 26th August 2013, 03:12 PM
Poster ID: raxel
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Nah it just Taiwanese/chinese girls on holiday visas, so untrained and random results.


Floor: #9
Post Time: 27th October 2014, 09:06 PM
Poster ID: Goboy
Post Title: 
 77 Davis Ave Sth Yarra
				
Post Content: 
Persons name Jasmin

Establishment 77 Massage

Date of visit 25 October

Address 77 Davis ave Sth Yarra

Hours 10 am to 8 pm

Rate $65 per hr plus extras

Age late 30 to 40s

Size and Shape slender 

Nationality   PRC

Services RnT nude 

Value for money fair

My experience

Dropped in here one Saturday cause as I was passing I saw an attractive woman in bright clothing with hair up .Looked quite nice She is not very young but nice looking.Very haughty Chinese ,tall and a bit on the elegant side.
.Early morning and I was first cab off rank. Rate was $65 for the hour and I was just feeling like a restfull massage . I knew nothing about this place.
She shows me into a small clean dark room .red silk cloth dropped over the wall lamp fitting gave the room a red glow.
No tissues .no signs around .i strip off to briefs and sit on the table.she comes in , I drop the briefs and lie down starfish .
What you want? Just relax will be fine.
She starts off with funny little rubs on back muscles .not very skillfull . She then moves my arms from starfish to drape over the sides . I then notice that she has a leg on each side of the top of my arm , my elbow beteen her thighs and upper arm jamed into her v area and she is slowly starting to ride the arm,
Pushing her v up and down gently . I can feel the heat it is generating from her.She moves to the other side and starts the same again..then the hands slide down the crack and tickle to the balls. ,back and forth for quite a while and a little slide under. Turn over please.Hands slide over the junior and underneath .
You like this one done? Fifty dollar.
I say too much what about nude ? She says she will take off top.Not enough for me I say . After a bit of to and fro she agrees to drop the dress .
Off comes the top and after some more encouragement the bra too and the dress drops to the knees 
(who can see the point of that--why not take the bloody lot off) it reveals a g-string ,very slender body ,nice little boobs and smooth taught skin and tight nice bum.i slide my hands over the bum "no touch there" (ha ha she means under the rear of the g-string,a bit of a joke in the circumstances).
As we progress she relaxes a bit and let's the hands wander , but not around the front.
She wants more $ for that . After agreeing on another $20 she drops the g-string to half mast so that I can let the fingers check her out.She is not overly encouraging for too much.I suggest FS but not on the menu .eventually we get over the line and the clean up is a big soapy bucket of hot water.
Overall she is a reasonable experience and worth the effort,save that the $ are a bit excessive.
She explains that there is another shop at 71 Davis owner by the same boss with lady boy for those so inclined.Not my cup of tea .
On the way out is her side kick on duty a dowdy PRC with no smile and a scowl on the face (wouldn't go there) 
Would I return? Probably ,but she needs to loosen up a bit more for my regular here.it is a reasonable pit stop.
Goboy


Floor: #10
Post Time: 28th October 2014, 06:19 AM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
An ad for this place,





			
				Full Body Care
Melbourne, VIC
Description: Full relaxation and deep tissue oil massage. 77 Davis Ave, South Yarra 0433 669 666 MAA

Date Listed: 22/10/14
Ad ID: 2017375V2
Also posted in: Leader Newspapers
Views: 42
- See more at: Full Body Care - Beauty, Health & Wellbeing - Professional Services & Equipment - NewsClassifieds



Also quite a few Locanto ad's like "I am X. Waiting for you in South Yarra", http://melbourne.locanto.com.au/ID_3...RUE-PHOTO.html





			
				 I AM FIONA . I AM WAITING FOR YOU IN SOUTH YARRA. TRUE PHOTO - 24

I am lovely GIRL FROM TAIWAN . I work with Fiona , BONIE , Sophie and Maggie. We are professional therapists and provide both relaxation and deep tissue massage. Full body happy, fully friendly and fully relaxing .

0433 669 666

Shop address: 77 Davis Ave South Yarra


Floor: #11
Post Time: 6th November 2014, 07:25 AM
Poster ID: Goboy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thought I would give Jasmin a return run to see if a repeat or two would  loosen her up ,so have seen her twice in the last week with varying results 
First , dropped in on Saturday last and found her in a very friendly mode . In the room, asked what was on offer.previously she had dropped her gear to the knees and top off  for a semi n HJ. She said n body slide for $100 .Hmm expensive but one needs to test the limits. I had also paid $65 for the hour. Agreed that price .
She then starts into a sort of exotic dance and strips to a red bra and red g string whilst provocatively wiggling about.
She is in her mid to late ( suspect late) 30s ( says she is 31 ha ) but has  a very nice  body with it all off. Slim and quite taut smooth skin and tight muscles. Around the table she sort of mounts your arm whilst massaging the back and crack and underneath and grinds away. She mounts for a body slide and slips the old fella between the her thighs ,oils up and starts a bit of backhand forth. Very nice,all along rubbing the chest or back in abody slide . I am interested to see if there is BJ or FS ,but she does not want to go there,aside from abit of proximate pretend to approach for a BJ ,but no contact.
I arrive and all is good.she does some follow up massage and a bit of back walk( quite competent).no problems with fingers in and around her vitals .a happy chap
All in all pretty good.
Second ,such is the afterburner,I think I will make are turn visit.on cup day. When I arrive she is in a massage.there is another girl about 20 under the reception desk trying to fix or find something . She is in short denim shorts and her arse is in the air displaying a plumbers crack ample deep and long legs (slightly chubby bit not overweight) very nice  . she is at this for awhile .and I think I should change my booking to her as she is the only one then available and that arse looks very tempting.
I decide to stick with Jasmin and return in half an hour.i seek to book for a bit longer to see where Jasmin will run when not under time pressure She wants to do only the hour .it is late afternoon and I guess on the holiday they want an earlier finish,so ok.Jasmin wants to do another walk on the back .ok ,anything to please .She is pretty competent at this and the back feels good .I have indicated hamburger with the lot. Turn over , only 10 - 15 to go .she indicates $100 ,not enough time for that so we settle on $50 for HJ and top off bottom down . She drops bottom slacks to knees and top off .nice g string but "no touching" Hello what is this?" oh it is business" she says.So there are strict limits on price for each performance ot seems ,not a GF experience at all.
It puts me off and I don't cross the line.Ask if the other girl,is available for half hour Jasmin goes  out to ask her (name is Ann) no she wants to go home early.all in all a bit of a turn off
The place is a bit Pricey and not interested in going the extra yard for service. As for Jasmin, she says no BJ or FS available from her .i tested the water with higher price (after all "it is business") but no avail.
Started to feel repeat business is not for me
Goboy


Floor: #12
Post Time: 15th November 2014, 09:47 AM
Poster ID: Goboy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Was passing this place a week ago and Jasmin  caught my eye through the window and beckoned me to come in .
Big smile,"you stay ? I give you my best massage" hmm
I observe a new girl . Very nice. 
Tall,long black hair down to mid back,pink singlet displaying ample perky white skinned boobs,brief shorts on.
I tell Jasmin , I will stay, but see other girl
 Book 1 hr.at $65 and into room.Her name is Jocelyn , from China.Pretty face , about 28 ,very nice body ,nice arse in her short shorts.
Massage underway and I assume  from Jasmin that she knows I have been before for a good serving from Jasmin but I indicate that Jasmin looks after me very well
She starts on the back fully clothed (her ha) and after a while it is rubbing the crack the boys and all.i raise up and she is underneath with the hands to the old fella ,doing a great job."Turn over plis"
I see I have only 15 minutes left,the previous 45 have been well used. I book another 30 mins for $40 as I am enjoying the show.
I ask what extra she can do? HJ  $50 "  any more"  ?
"no" with head shake. Hmm "what about you take off ?" says I pointing to top and shorts.
A lot of pondering. Still no joy ."gee are you sure?" I get a further pondering response as I indicate that Jasmin  always looks after me. "ok" she says with an uncertain look "$ 100 " ( including the original $50) 
Now,I could probably have bargained her down but I wanted to see where the boundary for her was. So I settled in my mind that that was ok this first time.
She goes over to the door hooks and facing away,peels off the singlet and bra.Beautiful long slender back . Then strips off the shorts to a pair of blue lacy briefs ,half turns as though that is it,then decides to drop the briefs.
Facing away, wow what a beautiful (substantial) arse? Her boobs are upright and perky and she has a good figure and as said, a beautiful bum.Her body is white skinned.She says "I am a bit fat" ( not in my book) very nice.
She reverts to the old fella and the boys .Soft  technique , knows what she is doing ,although projects herself as not in this game for long and modest.
She is ok with exploring her bod , but no entry . I am interested  to see if more (BJ ? ) ,but not encouraged.
a very good sensuous massage continued,and then over the line.Aside from the cost of extras a great pitstop.
I would return for her (although I need to introduce some price reality.Maybe she has been tutored on price by Jasmin)
Goboy


Floor: #13
Post Time: 15th November 2014, 03:56 PM
Poster ID: Goboy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I made a return on this today to check out Jocelyn a little further and also in mind to settle price for moderate extras.Shevisvthere ,again dressed in pink singlet,boobs popping out, and short shorts .
Paid my $65 gate fee to her for one hr( funny the girls here put it straight in to their own wallet , must be working independently,no cash register )
Into the rooms and I am down starfish again .She slowly meanders into crack work and raised undercarriage ,at her request and a nice relaxation massage .All good.
On the flip ,I motion 7 figures and she gives a quizzical look as to why not Ten as last time (. We live and die by the precedents we create as our fellow punters often point in this forum,on costs).

What I am indicating for is fully N ,HJ.She says "no ,topless and no touching or $100 for n and external touches"
i point out that she is out of market price on those figures and explain basic prices for each component elsewhere. I end up by saying "no worries ,just do a straight massage on front ,no extras and I am ok with that.
Hmm , she proceeds but is thinking .She is occassionally rubbing across the bow of the old fella and the boys. And then she broaches the subject again $70"but no touching". I say no that is not what I want, just leave it at a straight masage.
Time is marching on ,with all this crap.She then says ok she will do it on my arrangement.

Off comes the pink singlet top,and short shorts and all lacy underwear.Nice body.
As she proceeds on the boys and old fella , she stands away so she is too distant to touch WTF.

I say move closer .She shows exasperation wih the arrangements by looking up at the clock( 20 mins to rub down go, bad luck girl)
The on off move closer ,move away, continues with sullen face.
Eventually,over the line.This week, she starts to dress me (after a hot towel rub down) which she did not do last  week.(maybe a peace offering) . Still no smiles and silence treatment ( a bit like marriage).
At the end when I enquire about what days she works , to make some conversation,she mentions that she also works in Sunshine,a poorer area where "they always pay my price ,for my good service " which she says she always delivers and that is her working arrangement and is very proud of her work.
I politely  explain that she is of course entitled to charge whatever  she likes and whatever the market will pay and I am ,likewise ,entitled to pay whatever the market will accept.

She says ,well next week she expects $100 for her work (a n HJ) ? I say i don't expect a next week. "ooh you mean you can't come next week?(. Still  said with sullen unhappy pretend look ). She says,"then I see you the week after?"
I  don't think so .

 Next time ,if there is one, I will revert to Jasmin ,to confirm the message.
Guess , on reflection,I should have spelt it out more clearly,in case anything was lost in translation.
Goboy


Floor: #14
Post Time: 24th November 2014, 11:02 PM
Poster ID: Goboy
Post Title: 
 77 Davis Ave Sth Yarra
				
Post Content: 
Called in Sunday passing by to see what was on offer .
I suspected Jasmin and Joclyn would not be there so just to check out the talent , stuck my head in the door.
Sitting in the reception in front of the door are  an older woman and a young early twenties girl .
Older woman is in charge no doubt " You want massage?" so ok I am hooked in.
Older woman is in her 40s with plunging neckline.no doubt what she is about.
Younger woman has a black singlet on and brief denim jeans.She is about 23 ,slim,and quite pretty with short bobbed haircut. Older woman gets up to take the booking herself.
I say I would like to see the younger one for one hour. Damage $65. Her name is "Miuii" I think.
She shows me in.and I undress fully .in she comes .She is quiet and gentle in demeanor.and asks what I want hard or soft .
I say relax and drop onto the table.
What follows is a lovely relaxed massage mainly with elbows and forearms.Whilst on my stomach facing down,she starts to press the elbows up into my crotch and balls area ,gently.She sort of avoids the crack but both hands pressure with figures up into my under carriage " .turn over  plis "
It is getting near the hour ,so my thoughts are ,  a rushed final 10 mins or more.
I am enjoying ,so I arrange an extra half hour .Cost is $50 .Hmm a bit steep .i,agree What the hell.
She goes out does the booking to old one and returns.
She is very pleasant ,and pretty on the eye,gentle soft voice and touch.I ask for extras .Yes $50 for HJ. I seek to negotiate all goes quiet for a while.It is obvious this girl is not for turning, so I start to introduce nude and more into the discussion . No don't do with a gentle that would melt the toughest of men.
Hmm no more there.
Ok proceed . My hands start to wander , a gentle pleasant "no touch please". Ok so on we go.
Her style is very gentle on the hand stroke. A sort of teasing down the back of the shaft. 
My thoughts are wandering and I can't help thinking it is what women / girls do to one another in similar situations Ha strange of me in the midst of the action. 
she allows me to,slide my hand up the inside of her singlet at the side and back to touch lovely slender back and side of her  body, but not up around the boobs . Imdont go ther as I think I would not be encouraged there.
The action goes on for another 20 minutes .She is patient and a gentle style. In profile her looks ,face wise are quite beautiful( a young Angelina Jolly) and I tell her that she is very pretty.She,is a bit demure about that .Guess she has heard it all before but she is really a good looking woman in side profile,with stylish hair and a great smile.
She tels me she is from Taiwan and has been here a month .I struggle to understand her name ,which she spells out a few times. Still  not sure but it seems to be " Miuii" .Says she works Friday and Sunday and is studying English and wants to do hospitality next year.
Well she keeps at the job with me and is relaxed and conversational . "you like" Yeh sure do . lots of smiles and we cross the line at the 25 min mark.
Overall a  very relaxing and a nice time.
Yes I would go back for more. I doubt whether there would be any different action though.She was not encouraged by the indication of more $ 's  and seemed to know whether she drew the line(which is not quite where I would like to draw the line). 
As for the older women,I suspect she would be there for much more,but not for me.
Goboy


Floor: #15
Post Time: 1st December 2014, 09:54 AM
Poster ID: Salsa
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Nice review, Goboy.

Unfortunately, in my experience, this place seems to change staff faster than lager turns to piss. I've rarely been able to catch up with the same girl twice.


Thread Title: 77 Massage - 77 Davis Ave, Sth Yarra - 0433 669 666
Floor: #16
Post Time: 6th May 2015, 10:09 AM
Poster ID: kenchan
Post Title: 
 77 Davis Ave, South Yarra - 0433 669 666
				
Post Content: 
[COLOR=#333333]Person's Name : Can't remember
[/COLOR]
[COLOR=#333333]Establishment : 77 Davis Ave, South Yarra[/COLOR]

[COLOR=#333333]Date of Visit : 29 April 2015[/COLOR]

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : http://melbourne.locanto.com.au/ID_3...rls-there.html

[COLOR=#333333]Hours of Business : [/COLOR]

[COLOR=#333333]Rates : $50/ half HR, @55/45 min, $65 / HR[/COLOR]

[COLOR=#333333]Age : 20s[/COLOR]

[COLOR=#333333]Size/shape : skinny [/COLOR]

[COLOR=#333333]Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese[/COLOR]

[COLOR=#333333]Services Provided : Massage and HJ offered but declined[/COLOR]

[COLOR=#333333]Value for money/recommend? : NOPE[/COLOR]

[COLOR=#333333]I has been here ages before and happened to be around this one and had some free time so decided to give it another shot! Bad idea. Walked into the parlor and was greeted by very skinny Chinese Girl. Not very friendly! She ushered me to the room and I was hoping someone else would come in. Nope, she walked in and started to give me massage. After 5 min she asked me if I wanted soft, medium or hard pressure, I asked her about Lomi Lomi and she said she is giving me lomi lomi. Had a few proper lomi lomi (Kahuna) before and she was talking with no idea about the style. No pressure, nothing sensual and was eagerly waiting for it to be over. 10 min to go and flip. She asked me if I was after any exrta, but after experiencing her demeanor and personality I said no. She said she is good and it would cost me $50. No freaking way. for $100/ half hr for crap massage +HJ, nope. She didn't cleaned me properly, probably because she cound;t get enoug mone out of me. Gave me a quick wipe down within a minute with a small towel. I asked her if she could give me a bigger wet towel so I could clean myself up. She goes out and started chatting with another ML. Came back with hot towel after I was dressed up. I was very disappointed and left! Never again.[/COLOR]


Floor: #17
Post Time: 13th December 2015, 07:28 AM
Poster ID: Goboy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Elaine

Establishment : 77 Davis Ave South Yarra

Date of Visit : 12 December

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 77 Massage

Hours of Business : 10.30 - 8 pm

Rates : $70 per hr plus extras

Age : 33

Size/shape : slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Hong Kong

Services Provided : HJ,DATY,BBBJ 

Value for money/recommend? : yes

My experience/comments:
Having a wander and saw through the glass a nice looking slim Chinese woman putting her coat on to go ( still mid morning) ,so she was coming towards the door.She stepped out and locked the door.IShe had that thin faced asian attractive  look ,long hair , slim legs very high healed shoes.A nice package.i asked if she was working .Yes, back in 10 minutes.
My intention had been to head to the northern subs.where there is some good quality service with all,provided at reasonable rates, however this girl had quite an allure , so after a coffee I was back.
There then appeared two other girls who were dealing with other punters. One was very pretty,in shorts (hmmm) I decided to stick with the first choice.
Davis ave is a shop with 3 small rooms behind it , no shower. It has those thin cotton see through table covers over bases ,which are removed with each customer .Out the back as I am going to the room, the other pretty girl, is scrubbing up her arms ,like a doctor preparing for an operation .Funny., big come-on smile from her.
In to the room and strip off , no covers so I prop on the side in my jocks . In comes my lady .I drop the jocks .and lie down.
She is a bit serious at first. I ask her name.
She says she is Elaine and she comes from Hong Kong .She says it is her first day here and she is a beautician .She is from Sydney.She implies she is new to this game, but after my experience ,I realize she is certainly not new to delivering delights to a man.
She asks what I feel like and  is there any special part I want massaged .I Say well, all over .What ever you can you do?  Nice smile now .
The room is fairly dark , small ,warm and intimate.She goes to the top of the table and starts on my shoulders .
She leaves the oil bottle on a chair to the side a little distance away at my waist level,so that each time she wants oil she lean full body across my back ,pressing her boobs into my back and her face and long hair touching into my back..Gee that is very nice.She is fully clothed in a sun dress , open back and shortish.I decide at this point I will place my hands on her thighs and lower butt to test the waters for  a reaction .As I do she presses her lower body further in to my head and shoulders ; a very nice slender body. And little willy is rising to the occassion.She then lifts my hands to the upper part of her butt and bare back ror placement and for a stroke, so we are away.
I ask ,what can she do.What would you like? .Well,everything you are comfortable with is ok for me ,I say.
I ask for nude ,BJ .She says ok .but no FS . Ok by me.
No talk of money ( perhaps a mistake on my part) , but I am keen to have a happy provider.
She strips off the sun dress ,,down to pants and bra."you take those off?" Nice smile and off they come.
Subsequently I learn she is 33 hrs , but like so many asiian woman, she could be 25 ? I later ask in small talk time whether she had kids, She said "well I would not have a body like this if I did" Perhaps not.
Her body is slim, beautiful arse , tiny waist , slender back and young girls breasts ,with pointy nipples that became very protruded later when the action hotted up.
She takes to my hands and neather regions and her own with some wet ones ,so it is obvious she is in for touching and whatever .
She starts at shoulder level and I lightly touch the puss She lifts her leg a little for access .and I pull her leg and then her, up on to the table to see what follows.
She kneels high above me , handling the tackle from behind whilst I am stocking the kitty lightly. It is waxed cean of hair and dry ( probably has been in the beauty business)
I touch it she starts to become wet .she is kneeling high above my chest and looks like a beautiful nude statue. Wow.
. I start to show a bit of tongue movement .She slowly and deliberately moves forward over my face. Still kneeling high .
.What a sight .beautiful breast poking forward high above and a very clean waxed puss lowed down on for DATY. 
This is very nice .She had just arrive down from Interstate and she said on her own.She said she is new to the industry.
Why I say this is because I don't think she had seen recent physical action herself as She immediatly wetted up and it was quite obvious that DATY was turnining her on (perhaps after a break).
Her breast and nipples rise up and distended and she started to rub them herself  when my hands slipped down stairs. 
She then started to open the lips of her puss so that I will go deeper .
I was beginning to feel shat she should be paying me.
This went on for a good 10 minutes and she did not want to stop ,shuddering a lot as we went and certainly getting off on it .Finally she slid  down on me. 
I thought for a moment that she was asking me for full service , but she seemed to stop and compose herself and then slide down for BBBJ 
I have to say , one of the best  BJ's  a long time .This woman knows her business.
 She started by licking my shaft and balls, and then a very soft ,all soft lips and mouth initially a very soft  slow BJ .
She took her time, periodically reverting to a hand job..She obviously knew when I was on the point of coming as she would back off to a lick to prolong the process. She finally started to quicken the HJ but kept interspersing with slow sucks and licking until bingo .
There was no hurry on her part . A clean up ,then she dressed and went  to get hot towels 
She said after that she is new here( first day) and did not know where she would be working.
Apparently in their Oakleigh shop on Sunday and not sure if coming back to South Yarra.) .
After the event,  as I had not discussed money and I had previous history of high prices here and I was keen to see this woman again I peeled off two pineapples .ok? A gentle No was the reply.
Hmm I thought., is this call girl Sydney prices , so I gave her some more ( the old lesson we all know fellas of negotiate up front) however , a particularly good 1 hr experience so I was not too bothered.
My feeling is she would be in for more as you connect with herald she is comfortable with you.
I would return
Goboy


Floor: #18
Post Time: 14th December 2015, 11:57 AM
Poster ID: ipdaily
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
So $150 for extras? 

Sent from my SM-G900I using Tapatalk


Floor: #19
Post Time: 14th December 2015, 01:33 PM
Poster ID: mikemelb
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Goboy, can I ask a favour.  In your reviews do you mind putting in some line spacing as it is difficult to read on a screen with continuous words and no paragraphs.  Thank you for a great review.


Floor: #20
Post Time: 14th December 2015, 10:34 PM
Poster ID: Goboy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks for the hint on paragraphing mike
And ip daily yes ( silly on my part)
Goboy


Floor: #21
Post Time: 8th January 2016, 10:12 AM
Poster ID: Goboy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Kiti

Establishment : 77 Davis ave South Yarra

Date of Visit : 6 Jan 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 77 Massage

Hours of Business : 10-8 pm

Rates : $70 hr

Age : 23 yrs

Size/shape : Slim

Nationality or Ethnicity Taiwan: 

Services Provided : Nude HJ

Value for money/recommend? : just

My experience/comments : Thought  I would check out if Elaine was here again so dropped in about 11 am on holiday morning.
I was met at the door by a young sexy girl in very high cut off jeans and a tank top. Not bad looking at all.

Asked if Elaine was working and met by non recognition of her name and obviously not much English.

There did not appear to be much action going on , one closed room door , so I thought there were two girls on and decided to stay one hr with this one to check it out.

Into the room, I strip off to the jocks, and wait .She comes in ; I drop the jocks and lie down,

She places a towel  over the back, Not a promising start. However it appears it is there for the opening pressure pushes to the back.

When she has done that,she folds it back to work on the back. I suggest that I don't need the towel and she obliges by removing it .I have a preliminary light stoke of her legs whilst she is at the table top.She doesn't seem to object but no encouragement .However she does press her crotch into my hands which are at table top. Encouraging.

There is no crack or ball touching so that is not encouraging.

On the flip I ask what extras she does.She replies $50'for HJ .I ask is that nude ? No ,that is another $50 and no touching.
We start a little haggle , .What a waste of time.
I say ,just the HJ will do. She then says $30 extra for topless. More haggle . I can't understand her English but she is gesticulating about her shorts coming off. I think iti appears she wants to retain her panties.
i am not sure and can't understand .
This is all too much for me

I suggest all up $60 topless .She says yes and off comes the tank top , but bra stays on .WTF.
No good I say and require bra off if that is the price .

Off come the bra ,to reveal a set of medium to small pointed boobs and a not too bad figure .Very nice.
Just as I am settling in comes the command "no touching".

She starts on a very good HJ. Moves from one to two hands ,around the balls and varies her pressure .
 I put my hand on her back and she jumps away like I have put an ice block on her back .Ya .
This lady is not for contact.


She takes her time and I must say apart from her commands and.prohibitions ,she puts in a good performance,if not a little too straight faced.No smiles and no mood change .Like a Chinese soldier on duty.

She gets me over the line quite nicely..

She tells me she also works in Oakleigh as the boss has 2 shops there .She  mentions one to be in Station street.

Would I return? Not for Kiti,as I have been there,done that.

She was not too bad but not what you would call enthusiastic.

There is some good talent in this shop , you just have to get the right girl.

Goboy


