Thread Title: 956 Centre rd Oakleigh south - 0406 259 788
Floor: #1
Post Time: 9th April 2018, 12:14 AM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: 
 956 Centre rd Oakleigh south - 0406 259 788
				
Post Content: 
This new massage shop is opposite the Ventura bus yard, noticed it today.   If a driver turns right out of the bus terminus onto Centre rd, the shop will be directly opposite his left eyeball and left ball in his pants. There is no add for the business as yet, but there is a mobile number on the building which i will add soon, and the  buildings color is pink.  The title of the shop simply says "Massage".

They will be competition now for the one around the cnr on Warrigal rd.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 9th April 2018, 07:45 AM
Poster ID: Billabong Bill
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Braunie, you are indeed the Abel Tasman and  Matthew Flinders of the Melbourne RNT world, circumnavigating, if not maybe circumcising this great city, marking on your giant parchment each outcrop of AMP activity and faithfully documenting the curious customs of all the native tribes upon whom you happen to come. No dodgy neon light, no secret rear entry, no three quarter walls, no inscrutable mamasan, no illegal brothel notice, no aged and pudgy ML trudging in from the car park, and yes, no delicious Vietnamese miss with truly massive tits avoids your eyes. I salute you.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 10th April 2018, 11:27 PM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lily

Establishment : Massage

Date of Visit : 10/4/2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 956 Centre rd Oakleigh south 0406259788

Hours of Business : 10am till 8pm

Rates : 50 for 30 plus 70 bj/bbbj

Age : Late 40's

Size/shape : Size 9, b-cups 

Nationality or Ethnicity : China

Services Provided : Not bad

Value for money/recommend? : Yep

My experience/comments : Had to check out this shop, when i walked in this morning around 10.30am, i was shocked to see Lily, my reg from 29 High st rd Glen iris, and she has also worked at the shop around the cnr, 678 Warrigal rd. Lily was wearing a shiny black dress, with high platform shoes.  She actually looked quite nice.  She told me i was the very first customer .  I basically popped in just to get a read on what sort of girls may work here.  I told her i was just passing, and she told me she would ring another girl for me to meet.  This girl arrived 2 mins later, blue dress, better looking than Lily, but i was quite happy to ask for a back exit and head off.  Lily led me to the back silver gate, which was open and had green spray paint on it with this message" 24 hour parking access required.   Look for this and u won't have to dodge the prying eyes of Bus drivers opposite, on Centre rd.

There is parking around the back here, when i got into car, the lady in the blue dress walked past, i though where the fuck is she heading, i had to laugh when she walked into the back of 678 Warrigal, and i thought they would be enemy rnt's, they are in cahoots together lol.  I then headed to Phoenix relaxation to buy a few four seasons condoms from Apple on reception.   It was then i felt a little horny for Lily, who has never given me a covered bj, so i returned, but she was in a booking.  Another lady was there in a red dress with huge tits, and she like Lily and the blue dress women was another milf.  

After waiting 20 mins, and seeing 2 new guys walk in, Lily presented, and agreed to 120 for 30 mins with the oral.  She always gives the shhhhhh signal to her mouth.  This makes me laugh because she is all over this industry.   She gave me a lot of bum and leg teasing before i turned over after 5 mins.  I pulled out the four seasons, and she did not want to use, offering the usual bbbj.  I told her i would take the condom and then she was ok.  She kept dress on , took off purple undies, applied the condom to a hard penis, rubbed some oil into my balls, and commenced the bj.  Her technique has never been that great, her suction is just too tight, and after a few mins i had given up, and we took the condom off.   She then took a few calls, and im light hang on.   Once she was through with her calls, she has done this before, she was happy to give me a bbbj.  

Still too tight with the suction, i asked her to do it softer.  When she resumed, it was the best she has ever sucked, with ball tickling, but not that great that i was able to cum.  I did want a release, so we agreed for an oily hj.  She pulled more of the base that the tip, very quickly and that got me over the line.  After the clean up she told me she works here 3 days, i did not remember what days, i am quite happy to see her on the odd occasion at Glen iris.  Headed home soon after, and was just gobsmacked at the sight of the additional massage shop opposite BP, cnr North and Poath, now there are 2 or 3 there now.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 13th April 2018, 06:32 PM
Poster ID: Sandman73wick
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
That one opposite BP has rear parking and entrance to mate I popped my head in there one morning to see what's on offer she said that when arrive text or ring through & you' Get buzzed through. The day I popped in couple of 30 looking MILFS & a younger longer lass with very nice knockers. Place didn't look too bad by the way, seen worse in my short time


Floor: #5
Post Time: 25th September 2018, 09:59 PM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Popped in tonight to see Lily but was not there. The girl who opened the back gate was very young early 20's.  That is rare here they usually employ over 30's here. This young girl was dressed in black jeans and a top. If your interested and local she worked Tues.  Did not get her name.  She was not the receptionist


Floor: #6
Post Time: 20th June 2019, 05:49 PM
Poster ID: Koloman
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Mimi

Establishment : Massage

Date of Visit : May 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 956 Centre Rd Oakleigh South 0406259788

Hours of Business : 10am till 8pm

Rates : 50 for 30 plus 80 nude body slides

Age : Late 20s?

Size/shape : Slim, athletic 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian, probably Chinese

Services Provided : Nude body slides, Spanish, HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

Mid morning on a Saturday I ring the door bell and Mimi answers the door in a black T-shirt and denim shorts. Cute face. Sort of bob haircut. She is no nonsense. How long? 30 mins. $50 please. Pay up. Leads me to the room and says she'll be back.

She comes back and starts the massage and straight away goes for the crack and sack in not so subtle terms. There is absolutely no doubt in my mind how this is gong to end. She combined good massage technique with very frequent caressing of the sack and teaching in to the shaft. I had an instant boner.

Turn over time. She straight away gives me this smile and offers nude body slide for $80. I agree. She reveals a slim but athletic body, not an ounce of fat. She gets up on the table and slides all over me, rubbing herself and her tits all over me. She is obviously fit and flexible - sliding up and down every which way. She then grabs my shaft and puts it between her B cups and does a little Spanish. Finished me off with HJ.

All in all a very satisfying experience. Thorough clean up with hot towels.


