Thread Title: aeon massage - 136 young st frankston - 03 9783 10
Floor: #1
Post Time: 13th July 2018, 11:41 AM
Poster ID: pancho
Post Title: 
 aeon massage - 136 young st frankston - 03 9783 10
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Yu

Establishment : aeon(according to OP)

Date of Visit : 21/06/2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 126 Young Street Frankston Victoria
 Phone: 0474 763 793
Hours of Business : 10am to 8pm

Rates : $50.00 for 30 min.

Age : 40+

Size/shape : Curvy

Nationality or Ethnicity : Taiwan 

Services Provided : Massage + ++

Value for money/recommend? : Not for me

My experience/comments : 
It is about 7pm. 

I wander into a joint in Young street Frankston. I am greeted by a pleasant looking, slightly chubby, middle aged Taiwanese ML. She looks familiar, but then again, don't they all ?

I said to her "What is your name ?" She asked "You ?" I said " Me ? Oh I am Pancho, and you ?" She again said "You ?" I said " No no not me, you, what is your name ? She rolled her eyes and said slowly and purposefully " My name is Yu !!"..."Oh oops, sorry luv."

I had two pineapples on me. She relieved me of one of them for a 30 minute massage and left me to get undressed.
She was back in a flash and we made idle chit chat as I nuded up.

She had large dark eyes, jet black hair, thick sexy lips, and big juicy tits. I thought that for the right guy at the right time, she would go off like a box of crackers.

Alas that guy was not me. We kept chatting until I was starkers. She motioned for me to lie down. Instead I chose to sit on the side of the table. She chose to come in and stand between my legs. She asked me what I wanted. She was being very flirty and sexy. 

I said to her " Do you want to know what I REALLY want ?" She was eager to know. "I want you to kiss me softly & beautifully, while you stroke my cock". Ah that'll get her going, you smooth talking bastard. She replied " Kissing ? No that is extra $100.00."

I was genuinely angry. I must have forgotten I was involved in  a commercial transaction. I was thinking 'how dare she knock me back, I am almost doing her a favour. I bet that was the best offer she'd had all day. Well she can go and get fucked. She is not getting another red cent out of me, no matter how hard she tries'.

Well not surprisingly, she didn't try too hard. I lay down and we both went into standard massage mode. 

She did try a few light soft touches here & there, but I wouldn't budge. Mind you, if she had have grinded her pussy on my waiting hands, or even come within touching distance, I might have weakened. 

For once in my life, I was actually proud of having a limp dick at the end of a massage. I also had the other pineapple in my back pocket. I suspect Yu didn't lose too much sleep over either of these two facts.

As I prepared for the long drive home, I naturally felt quite dissatisfied with my evening's outcome. 

It occurred to me try a joint in Balmoral street. Review coming.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 16th July 2018, 01:35 PM
Poster ID: Billabong Bill
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Quote:
I said to her "What is your name ?" She asked "You ?" I said " Me ? Oh I am Pancho, and you ?" She again said "You ?" I said " No no not me, you, what is your name ? She rolled her eyes and said slowly and purposefully " My name is Yu !!"..."Oh oops, sorry luv."

Sounds like "Who's on first, what's on second". I met another you, sorry Panch, another Yu at Poath Rd. When I rang to book it got confusing. "Is Yu there today?" I ask. "Sure I is" replies the mamsan, slipping surprisingly into urban African American vernacular. " No, not you, Yu!" you insist (now even I am a little confused). I established that Yu was Ma Yu (or maybe Yu Ma), which seemed to resolve the problem.


