Thread Title: Amazing Pleasant Massage - 541 Warrigal Road, Ashwood - 0487 487 529,  (03) 9886 9592
Floor: #1
Post Time: 22nd September 2015, 11:07 AM
Poster ID: Prolific
Post Title: 
 Amazing Pleasant Massage - 541 Warrigal Road, Ashwood - 0487 487 529,  (03) 9886 9592
				
Post Content: 
PersonsName: Tasha

Establishment: 541 Warrigal Road, Ashwood,VIC

Date of Visit: 19 September 2015

ContactDetails/Address/Weblink: 541 Warrigal Road, Ashwod, VIC

BusinessHours: 10am till 8pm

Rate: $55 for 45 mins and 45 extra

Age:Early 30s

Size/Shape: About 5.5, B cup, great Ass, slightlychubby, short hair

Nationality or Ethnicity: MainlandChinese

Service Provided: Facial (very keen), massage andhandy (topless)

It was impromptu. I walked into this Massageplace. It is dark inside with the humidifier working non-stop and redlights everywhere. Eerie but calming I guess. I asked for 45 mins andwas told to get ready and  lie down. The receptionist said 10 mins soI stripped and lay down on the cushy massage table. It is verycomfortable and you can switch on the heater. The music is slightlyon the louder side but all good. When Tasha walked in, I was verycomfortable. I felt a hand on my ass, very soft and caressing. Allgood signs. I'd paid $100 so she got my change $45 and said I've putthe change on the table and I said ok.Shethen asks me how would I like the massage. I turned around and sawher. She was smiling, medium height, very short hair, B cups andgreat ass (quite big) with thunder thighs. I heard myself saying softand sensual. She smiled, nodded and started off. Lots of oil on theback and plenty of attention to the ass and inner thighs. This wenton for awhile and I was on my elbows giving her enough room to playwith Johnny. She did for a bit then probably wasn't sure if I'd gofor it so I made it clear I would. From then, it was bliss.Sheasked me to turn around and straightaway asked if I wanted handy now.I said yes and agreed on a toless for the remaining $45. Normal Bcups nothing to write home about. Allows touching and you can sneakin a kiss or two. She tends to get into the act but YMMV. Other timesshe seems aloof. What worked for me was to play with her hair anface. She started slowly and picked up until I was all done. She thengave me a hug and whispered if liked t. I said it was ok. She said wecan do it again next time.Allcleaned up and I left with a bottle of water. All in all, not a badexperience. Perhaps not that great for $100 but I felt good and thatsall that matters.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 22nd September 2015, 04:57 PM
Poster ID: tbone
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
you mentioned facial in your review? did you giver her one?


Floor: #3
Post Time: 10th November 2015, 04:29 PM
Poster ID: Lethal
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name :   Bora 

Establishment :   541 Warrigal Road, Ashwood Victoria

Date of Visit :   06/11/2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :  0487 487529

Hours of Business :   10am to 8pm

Rates :   $55 for 45 minutes

Age :   Approx 25

Size/shape :   8-10 Small B cups

Nationality or Ethnicity :   Thai

Services Provided :   Massage and relief

Value for money/recommend? :   Yes / Yes

My experience/comments : 

Was driving to see a mate who is a bit crook and was stopped at the High Street traffic lights. The illuminated signs caught my eye and decided I had time to check out the shop. Glad there is no buzzer, as the traffic outside this shop is horrendous. So walked in and even though there is a very nice ambience, I noticed that the cubicles had drapes as doors and I was nearly turned on my heals and walking out as the mamasan appeared with a huge smile and hello...damn !! She showed me to the last cubicle while my masseuse arrived 30 seconds later. By the way, the cubicles are very roomy while the drapes are heavy and double fronted, meaning it can be difficult to find the actual opening.

Bora stayed in the room as I undressed and even though the lighting was very dim, I could tell she was a young Thai so I was expecting a good massage at least. She had a pretty face, small B cups ( estimated through 2 layers of cotton tops and bra ), and a couple of tatts, small one on the right arm with a larger one on her left. It was her first day here, which might explain her aloofness at times, but she did warm to me as time went on. Bora also works at Ormond, at a sister shop apparently.

The massage was great, just what I needed and expected. At one stage Bora climbed on top of my back and did some vigorous work which nearly knocked the air out of my lungs, then she finished with a nice relaxation massage that had me tingly all over. On the flip she asked if there was anything else I required while slowly stroking my half erect appendage. $30 was her asking price to which I agreed, and she gave a very nice two paced, two handed tug which had me hanging on the edge for quite a while. When I had completed blowing, Bora loosened her grip slightly and miked him dry...very nice.

Even though she was a bit distant at times, I have a feeling Bora would let down her defences after maybe a couple of visits. Nice place, nice girl and decent price.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 10th November 2015, 04:35 PM
Poster ID: WOTAN01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I have renamed this thread to Amazing Pleasant Massage given various providers


Floor: #5
Post Time: 22nd July 2016, 07:29 PM
Poster ID: happyending
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Erica

Establishment : 541 Warrigal Road, Ashwood Victoria

Date of Visit : 15/7/16

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0487 487529

Hours of Business : 10am to 8pm

Rates : $50 for 45 minutes

Age : mid 20s

Size/shape : thin legs large breasts wearing baggy clothes 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Tiawan

Services Provided : Massage and relief

Value for money/recommend? : OK / No

My experience/comments : On entering shop Erica greeted me and shows me to the cubicle, nice and warm, music playing. She asked me if i wanted soft med or hard massage opted for hard, unfortunately got a soft massage and was drowned in oil. She did concentrate around my bum and between my legs. On the flip offered hj for $30 no touching was allowed or any nudity on her part. Hj was quite good and she followed directions ending in 2 hand twisting motion which got me over the line after about 10 mins.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 29th September 2018, 03:55 PM
Poster ID: sribrah
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Katie (although may be a made up name)

Establishment : 541 Warrigal Road Ashwood

Date of Visit : 29th Sept 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : As above

Phone : No idea

Hours of Business : No idea

Rates : $65 per hour lomi lomi 

Age : 22

Size/shape : Very petite

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Lomi massage, topless HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes 

My experience/comments : 

It was that time of the week again when I needed my weekly massage. 

Went on Locanto. Found nothing interesting. 
Went on Gumtree, nothing there either.

So i just decided to drive to this place that i visited a long time ago (long before i was a member of auxr) 

Walked in and was met with a mid 40s lady with short hair. Asked how long i want massage for. 

"Can we do 1 hour lomi lomi?

"Sure!"

"Are you the only one working today or anyone else working?"

She said nothing and walked away knowing that was i would be more interested in the other girl.

Out of one of the rooms came a very short petite girl cute face, i suspected that she may be 18 years old or so as she looked no older than 18. 

I paid $65 and undressed. 

She came in after just a minute later and started with a firm massage with no draping. It was a mix of relaxation and lomi . 

At no point did she waste time by going outside or checking her phone like other MLs do to waste your time. The massage was a 9/10. 

40 mins passed with a back massage where she used lots of oil for lomi. Wiped me off with hot towels and asked me to flip.

She noticed my hard on but said nothing, used a towel to cover the shaft but not the balls. Which hinted to me that more may be on offer. 

After 10 mins or so of her working on my legs I removed the towel. She came closer and closer to making contact down there but remained professional. As my time was coming to an end she came close and whispered " You want massage her? "

"How much?"

She indicated $30 using 3 fingers. I asked if she does nude to which she said no but agreed to do topless for $50. I should have negotiated her down to $40 but as always my penis was doing the thinking and paid her $50 without any negotiations. 

The HJ was good. She has such small virgin hands that will make your shaft look twice as bigger than it usually is when shes stroking it. Boobs were no bigger than b , she allowed a little sucking and nipple play. I blew after just 2 mins 

She gave me a bottle of water on the way out. Sweet girl and more may be on offer once she gets used to the RNT ways, its obvious shes new to the industry. 

Good clean up after the massage. i  came home and had a shower to get rid of rest of the oil.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 1st November 2018, 07:04 PM
Poster ID: sribrah
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Yumi

Establishment : 541 Warrigal Road Ashwood

Date of Visit : 1st Nove 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :  541 Warrigal Road Ashwood

Phone : Donno 

Hours of Business : No idea

Rates : $50 for 45 mins .  +extras

Age : 27

Size/shape : Petite

Nationality or Ethnicity : PRC

Services Provided : Massage, HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : 

I called up a few independent MLs off locanto but couldnt get a booking as they were busy with other clients. I don't like going to an indepedent ML as soon as she's done with another punter. 

A tip for you all, its best to get your rubs in the morning with MLs have their hands fresh and clean. Unlike the end of the day when their hands have been on penises of a dozen punters. 


So i drove upto 541 warrigal road, parked next to the Subway across the street. Walked in and was met with a short petite girl. At first I thought she is Katie (whom I have reviewed above) as she looked very similar, but as I got closer it wasn't her, but she looked very much alike. Same height, similar face .

Gave her a pineapple and was shown to the first room on the left.

Undressed, she walks in a minute later, no time wasting and begins massage straight away. Puts a big towel over and uses draping all throughout the massage. 

A few questions of the usual , where are you from, how is work blah blah..and another 30 mins of silence. 

Massage was very good, she used pressure where needed and there were a few underbody rubs against my sack. It was a mix of a professional and sensual massage (90% prof, 10% sens), which was very enjoyabe.

30 mins passed and she gets a hot towel to wipe off the oil. Ask to flip over , she covers shaft with a towel. 

Massages the leg and chest while keeping the towel on. I take off the towel lay there completely nude signalling to her that I want extras. 

She says massage done , and right on time. 

"You want this?" She signals with a handjob motion with her hand

"Sure how much?" 

"$30"

"You do topless or nude? BJ?"

"No no no ......sorry"

"Ok , we do HJ"

I tell her not to use any oil . Oil less HJs are enjoyable for me.

5 mins into the HJ and I blow . She cleans me up with a hot towel and hands over a water bottle on the way out. 

I was there for 65 mins so $80 for all that is well worth it.

(Only negative is that you constantly hear punters opening the front door )


Floor: #8
Post Time: 1st November 2018, 11:06 PM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Sribrah a lot of the girls use hand sanitizer after wanking off there clients.  They are also becoming more health conscience by making u use hand sanitizer before touching them.


Floor: #9
Post Time: 11th November 2018, 05:55 PM
Poster ID: sribrah
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Rita

Establishment : 541 Warrigal Road Ashwood

Date of Visit : 11/11/2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 541 Warrigal Road Ashwood


Phone :541 Warrigal Road Ashwood


Hours of Business : No idea

Rates : $50 for 45 min massage

Age : 23

Size/shape : Slim and petite 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Taiwan 

Services Provided : Massage and HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yeah

My experience/comments :

So I dropped in here again for my weekly massage.

I open the door and see an old geezer walk out of one of the rooms. Rita comes out and shows me into the room that the old punter came out from. Yuck but whatever

I went in and removed the sheet that he was laying on. It was still warm. 

I changed the sheet and laid face down , Rita comes in a couple mins later. 

The normal hellos and chit chats of every massage at the start, followed by 30 mins of silence. I didn't want to talk, i had a long ass week and just wanted to relax with a nice massage. 

She wipes off the oil with a hot towel and asks me to flip, notices that I am still soft.

She does a little teasing around the thighs with the front massage . Tries to get me hard , doesnt work. At this point i was laying half asleep reflecting on everything that happened in the week. 

She pops the question "You want han jub?"

"Ummmmmmmmmmmm......." and I look at the clock, we got 10 mins left.

"After the massage we do hanjub"

"Ok" she says and continues massage.

Massage ends with nothing special to mention, she starts a two handed HJ with one hand focusing on the hanging jewels and one hand on the pillar. It was very very slow. I quite enjoyed it.

I ask her if i can touch her from inside, she says its $50 for touching inside, $30 for just regular handjob. I settle for $30 regular HJ with outside touching. 

After a good 5 mins of slow stroking I blow my load all over her tiny hands, she keeps hold of my cock for another 15 seconds or so, squeezing every drop of cum out. 

She wipes me off with another hot towel and I hand her over the $30 on the way out. 

Been a long week and i couldnt put all that much detail into this review, as i'm tired asf. 

Rita is definitely worth a try though, she's got shoulder length green hair and a baby face.


Floor: #10
Post Time: 15th December 2018, 11:39 PM
Poster ID: sribrah
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Yumi

Establishment : 541 Warrigal Road Ashwood


Date of Visit : 12/15/2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 541 Warrigal Road Ashwood


Phone : Idk

Hours of Business : Idk

Rates : $50 for 45 mins + extras

Age : Late 30s or early 40s

Size/shape : Slim, aged body

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Massage, HR, Exchange, Nude

Value for money/recommend? : 

1. For the massage? No
2. For her body ? No
3. For the HJ? Yes
4. For her honesty? No


My experience/comments :  

It has been almost 3 weeks since i last had a massage. Working full time 50 ish hours a week isn't easy and I reached that point where I needed some tension relieved. 

Thought of where to go, 541 warrigal road is my go to place for a nice massage + HR. It's just 5 minutes from where I live so the post-RNT self loathing guilt drive home isnt a 30 minute drive like some other palces i've been to. (I once drove 45 mins to a RNT , had a terrible experience and drove home very depressed. Since then i never travel over 15 mins seeking a tug)

SO! The review

Opened the door and was met with a girl who had her hair up in a bun, from far away she looked good. Came close to see that she has unattractive teeth and is quite old. 

"Just you working , any other girl? " I ask

"Yes yes , go in come in " She says guiding me into the room

I hand her $50 for 45 min massage and ask again "Other girl is coming "? ,she says " yes yes yes"

Undress and lay down, she comes back. Says "other girl busy"

I thought whatever, hoped she would give a decent massage. Massage started decent, hard pressure, i told her to go medium. She didn't understand and kept changing the pressure

Every now and then she would do a credit card swipe of the bum which felt nice. 

30 mins gone, she gets the towels, wipes my back and asks me to flip over. Without even asking me she goes straight for my dong and starts stroking it. 

"You want happy? " She asks

"Maybe, after massage"

She continues the massage and I pop the question "Can i massage you? "

She says "Ok, fifty dollah ! " 

I say ok and she brings the efpos , I pay and she takes off her top and unbuttons her jean shorts. 

I tell her to take it all off but she keeps it on and says "Boss watch me. camera camera" . I think she meant that there is a CCTV camera outside which can see in the room? No idea

I begin massaging her back but she doesn't lay still, she starts stroking me with one hand and a bit of pre-cum drops on the floor as i'm doing the massage. She thinks that i blew my load already. "all done you cum!" 

At this point the language barrier is getting really annoying for me. 

I lay face up and tell her to finish me off, what happened next was very surprising. She starts going slow and then raising the speed and slowing down, this went on for a good 10 mins where she kept edging me to the point i was begging her to let me cum. 

She has amazing HJ skills, i blew my load everywhere and she says "naughty boy! You boom boom everywhere" 

Another wipe off, i get dressed and leave. She is not attractive, is too old for my liking, not honest, very difficult to communicate with BUT HOLY SHIT that HJ was out of this world.


Floor: #11
Post Time: 16th December 2018, 03:27 PM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
She did not seem overly worried by the initial pre cum dribble on the precious carpet either lol


Floor: #12
Post Time: 29th December 2018, 11:42 PM
Poster ID: sribrah
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Mimi

Establishment : 541 Warrigal Road Ashwood

Date of Visit : 29th Dec 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 541 Warrigal Road Ashwood

Phone : No idea, should show up on google

Hours of Business : ^^

Rates : $50 for 45 mins

Age : 26

Size/shape : Slim, petite

Nationality or Ethnicity : PRC

Services Provided : Massage, nude, exchange, HR

Value for money/recommend? : Yeah for a one off

My experience/comments : 


I called up a few places to see who's working, didn't get anything that sparked my interest. 

So i drove to 541 warrigal road ashwood as it's the closest RNT to my home.

I fucking hate how everytime i come to the front door the traffic on warrigal road is just stuck on a red light. All the people see me walking in that massage parlor. 

Anyway

I walk in thru front door, not greeted by anyone for like 15 seconds. I assume that all the girls are busy and turn around to leave, just as i did i see a good looking, petite girl wearing a short black dress waving at me from the other end of the shop (where the staff room is). 

She tells me to come to her using this hand gesture https://media.giphy.com/media/DERVmjBXVFoFa/giphy.gif

I walk upto her , pay $50 with card, Undress, lay down on stomach and wait for her. 

She's back in a minute and starts the massage with a lot of oil. I ask her what her name is, she says "Mimi". Thank fuk it's not Yumi because both girls I met before said their name was Yumi. These girls really need to come up with better fake names. 

Anyway back to the massage. I asked for medium pressure and she did just that. It was a mix of relaxation + lomi. 

Nothing special about the massage except her teasing. Just before the flip she make me rock hard with her teasing. She would rub up my thighs and go underneath, grabbing my penis and returning to massage again. This drove me crazy and i was signaling her that i want more of what she was doing by lifting up my bum and giving her better access. If she kept doing this for another 10 mins i probably wouldve been laying there in a doggy style position for her. With every underneath grab she did i was turned on more and more and lifting up my ass more and more.

She goes out to get hot towels, does a pretty shit job of wiping my back. I flip over. She asks with a hand gesture if i want a hj or nude. I say nude and offer to give her a massage for the rest of the session, we agree for $55 nude exchange massage, i tried to negotiate to $50 but she said since im paying by card her boss takes out some money from card payments or whatever. 

She takes off her tight black dress, off comes the bra . She keeps her panties on and goes on the table stomach down. 

"No oil " She says politely

I say ok and begin the massage on her back. She starts moaning as i was caressing her cheeks and doing a credit card swipe every now and then. I decide the panties need to come off and i pull them down (i only did so because she seemed to be really enjoying it). She says "awww" in an innocent way but doesn't mind them coming off. 

She turns upwards and i start massaging her tits, but she doesn't like the way i do it. 

"Be gentle !!"

I start going softly again and she says "No!! Be gentle"

I give up because she doesn't like the way i touch her breasts. She has a nice set of tits, they looked fake to me until i touched them .They were surprisingly real. 

She didn't like her pussy being touched either. So i decide that's enough and i signal her that i want her to finish me off. The HJ was average, a lot of fake moaning from her and i had to start stroking myself every now and then to speed up the process. I finish up, she wipes me off with another hot towel and tells me to use the hand sanitizer. 

On the way out Mimi gives me a bottle of water and says "see you again soon !! " with a wink. I don't think i'll be back for her as i never book the same girl twice unless it's someone very special. Mimi gave me an enjoyable session, decent massage, decent extras. I wish her English was better because i found it a bit difficult to communicate with her.


Floor: #13
Post Time: 21st January 2019, 10:23 PM
Poster ID: sribrah
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Ella

Establishment : 541 Warrigal Road Ashwood

Date of Visit : Today

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :  541 Warrigal Road Ashwood

Phone : Idk

Hours of Business : Idk

Rates : $65 per hr

Age : 35

Size/shape : Short and chubby

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Massage + HJ (amazing HJ)

Value for money/recommend? : Hell yeah 

My experience/comments : 



5pm..Work finishes, I commute home, take a shower and load up Pornhub on my laptop to find a nice video to fap to.  I swear Porn is so stupid nowadays. One minute the step sister and step brother are watching TV together, and 30 seconds later the step brother getting rimmed by his step sister. Do porn directors even have creativity nowadays? 

I need a good plot when I watch porn. Failed to find anything interesting on Pornhub. I close all tabs, pull up the pants and decide to go get a quick RNT.

541 Warrigal Road Ashwood is where I like to go for a drama free RNT. The girls are young, cute and very reasonable with their prices for extras. Aall my visits here have been amazingly pleasant (hahaa...get it?)

I walk in at 7.30pm and was greeted by a short and chubby girl. I ask her if she shop is closing and she says at 8 O clock. I look at the time on my phone and think there's not enough time for a quickie. 

"Other girl available?" I ask

"No she go home" She responds

So i gave her the nod that i'll book with her. I asked her how long I can book for and she says its upto me. I ask her "but shop close at 8?", she says "Its fine...no problem "

Ok then I say. Booked for 1 hour, i go in, undress and wait for her. She comes in after a few mins and starts a nice relaxing massage with a bit of lomi in there.

What surprised me about this girl is how she doesn't seem to get tired. From the start she just works on your body with both her hands and no breaks in between, no time wasting techniques like checking her phone or going outside for no reason, no clock watching, nothing. 

This went on for 45 mins (during which she had to answer a few punters who came in, she told them the shop is closed and locked the front door to stop anyone else from interrupting the session). 

Hot towel wipe off at 45 mins, asks me to flip

"Want extras? " She asks

"How much" i ask

"30 for handjob, 50 top off, 80 all off". "

"Massage me first ok i will think about it " i tell her because i wasnt sure if i wanted a HJ as her body wasnt to my liking.

With less than 5 mins left I tell her that i want to go ahead with a HJ. What happened next was very unexpected. HJ was slow and sensual with a lot of oil. It was almost as if she was trying to tickle my penis while stroking me. The slow motion sensual HJ went on for 10 mins , it was past the hour at this point and she didn't seem to care. Her priority seemed to be to finish me off as slowly as she can. 

I signaled to her that I'll take over, I stroke for a minute and tell her to take over. A stream of precum shoots out and she thinks I ejaculated. I tell her "no no , keep going". To which she responds "O my gawd !", and 15 seconds later I blow the actual load. 

"You cum twice!". She says to which I responded with a laugh. I point at her and say "You very good handjob!". She says "Thanks!" with a big smile

I asked her when she works and she says only Mondays. Shame, if this girl works all 7 days she will be making more money than the business with her mind blowing HJs.

Name is "Ella", about 5 feet 2, no more than 65kgs, looks 35 ish. Medium length hair.


Floor: #14
Post Time: 24th February 2019, 10:12 PM
Poster ID: sribrah
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Zoe 

Establishment : 541 Warrigal Road Ashwood

Date of Visit : 24/feb 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 541 Warrigal Road Ashwood

Phone : No idea

Hours of Business : 9 am to 8pm

Rates : $50 for 45 min

Age : 19

Size/shape : Slim, petite

Nationality or Ethnicity : thai

Services Provided : Massage , topless HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Meh 

My experience/comments :  

Needed a massage after over 45 hours of work this week. I didn't want to travel anywhere far. 

I drove up to 541 Warrigal Road Ashwood, walked in. Met by Yumi that I reviewed on 15th December (review few posts above). She is very cheerful and bubbly to lure you into book with her. I didn't have a great experience with her last time so i immediately asked "other girl available?" She says yes and takes $50 for 45 mins.

I undress and wait. Zoe comes in. She has short hair upto neck, cute face, small hands. Shestarts a very piss poor massage with no pressure whatsoever. 

But its been many weeks since i last had a massage so i dont mind it all that much. I just wanted a massage. 

She does a bit of lomi mixed with relaxation with no technique whatsoever, tries to apply pressure at times but she's too tired/or can't give a shit to do so. It was around 5pm so i'd assume she was tired

25 mins gone and she gets hot towels to wipe me off. I flip over. 

"Want extra?"

"What do you do" 

"Handjob $30, touching $50, topless $80"

"Lets do topless $50"

"Ok"


Off comes her top to reveal a nice soft set of b cups. I cop a feel and blow in just under 2 minutes.

The usual hot towels wipe off , i pay her $50 and get on with the rest of the day.

I only got 35 minutes out of the 45 mins i paid for which is why i dont recommend this girl if you want a decent massage.


So overall

Massage 1/10
HJ 7/10
Zoe's virgin tits 10/10


Floor: #15
Post Time: 28th March 2019, 10:30 PM
Poster ID: sribrah
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Nina

Establishment : 541 Warrigal Road Ashwood 

Date of Visit : 28th march 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :  541 Warrigal Road Ashwood 

Phone : Google pls 

Hours of Business : Google

Rates : $50 for 45 mins

Age : Unknown, read review

Size/shape : Slim, stick figure 

Nationality or Ethnicity : PRC

Services Provided : Massage, HJ offered but I refused

Value for money/recommend? : No, crazy bitch

My experience/comments : 

Well well well

It was that time of the month again for me. Every couple of hours at work I would be checking up Locanto/gumtree for a private massage therapist near me. I probably sent over 40 messages in the past 3 days and was unable to make an appointment that fit into my schedule..

So 541 warrigal road it was. Arrived at 4pm today and once again it was a red light on the street at the junction and i'd say a minimum of 20 motorists saw me walk into the shop.

I was met with a skinny, about 40kg, body of an 18 year old but face of a 35 year old Chinese girl. She seemed friendly and bubbly so i paid $50 for 45 mins, undressed , laid down. Id say 7/10 at best

She enters room and starts a medium massage which was too hard for me. I ask her to go softer and it was much more enjoyable.  Nothing special about the massage except she did a few teases around the tackle and that was it. 30 mins on and she asks me to flip after a hot towel wipe.

"You want massage here"

"How much?"

"$50" 

"Can you do nude? or topless?"

"No no !"

"Can i touch you?"

"Touching extra, $70 . Outside only" 


These offers were ridiculous. I rejected her $50 HJ clothed HJ offer because I knew she was going to jackhammer me. 

She wasn't unhappy with how i turned her down and got a massive towel to cover my erection. I asked her if i can rub myself off while she watches. And she responds angrily "  You do that at home ! If you do here i call police" 

I said nothing because this bitch is batshit crazy. I kept quiet as she did a head massage to conclude the massage. 

Dont think i'll come back here. Extras are starting to get overpriced here. It used to be $30 HJ and $50 nude and the new girls are greedy.


Thread Title: Amazing Pleasant Massage - 541 Warrigal Road, Ashwood - 0487 487 529,  (03) 9886 9592
Floor: #16
Post Time: 27th October 2019, 07:40 PM
Poster ID: sribrah
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Korean girl

Establishment : 541 Warrigal Road Ashwood

Date of Visit : 27th oct 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 541 Warrigal Road Ashwood

Phone : idk

Hours of Business : idk

Rates : $65 for 1 hr

Age : Mid 20s 

Size/shape : Slim 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Korean

Services Provided : Massage, offered me extras but i didnt take

Value for money/recommend? : NO. 

My experience/comments :

All good things come to an end and this is my last ever visit to this place. Had a disgusting experience 

I arrived around 5.30 today and was met with an older girl I have seen before, no idea what her name is. Another girl walked by (Korean) and i asked the first girl if i can go with her. She said ok and i could see she wasn't happy with me asking for the korean girl.

Paid 65 by card, went into room and undressed

The korean girl was in another booking so she arrived into mine 10 mins later. They didnt even have the courtesy to tell me she's getting late/is in another booking.

First red flag.

She arrives 10 mins later and immediately puts a towel on me, covering my whole body. 5 mins pass, 10, 15,20 and she keeps uncomfortably massaging me with the towel on.

Her massage technique was very poor and i was only interested in extras as she was quite attractive. 

At the 25 min mark she asks if i want any extras, i turn around to take a good look at her body and think. Hmm

Me : "What do you offer"
Her : "30 hand relief, 50 with touching, 80 topless"
Me : "Do you do nude"  
Her : "No sorry"

I tell her ok then just a massage for today. As i was uncomfortable i ask her if she can remove the towel. She says she cant. 

She offers to get the other girl (old one) to continue the other 30 mins of the massage without the towel and I accept.

She leaves the room, comes back 5 mins later and says the other girl won't do it unless I pay $70 extra to start a new massage again. Fucking scumbags

I tell her no and ask to have the massage ended at 25 mins. She leaves saying she needs to call the "boss". Comes back 5 mins later and refunds me $20, so i end up paying $45 for 30 mins. Still was worthless because from that 30 mins i probably only received a massage for 20 mins. 

She left the room after giving me the $20 so i thought fuck it i'll rub one out myself and leave this place forever.

The older girl kept sneaking through the curtain to see if i was getting dressed, she probably suspected that i was going to relieve myself.  

I told her to give me some privacy to get dressed, again she comes back 30 seconds later and has a peak through the curtain. I give her a cold look and she leaves again. I rub one out on one of their towels and throw it behind the cupboard in the room(the one that has all the towels, oils etc). So they will never find that towel until they move that cupboard. HA

So i got dressed and left. This place used to be good value for money, now it's just full of greedy women.  

I'm never returning to this place again - I can assure you guys of that. If you see me returning and posting another review of this place - @mods you can perm ban me and delete my account.


Floor: #17
Post Time: 28th October 2019, 11:10 AM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
50 with touching is pretty sad to be honest.  It's not like the good old days.


Floor: #18
Post Time: 24th December 2019, 10:32 AM
Poster ID: sribrah
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Has this place been raided? There was a notice at the front with everything stripped off (the banners, posters/signage of the store)


