Thread Title: Aura Massage  561A North Rd, Ormond  0416 794 582 (Legit - so far)
Floor: #1
Post Time: 16th July 2018, 07:02 PM
Poster ID: Billabong Bill
Post Title: 
 Aura Massage  561A North Rd, Ormond  0416 794 582 (Legit - so far)
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Katie

Establishment : Aura Massage

Date of Visit : 12/7/2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0416 794 582

Hours of Business : 10 - 9pm 

Rates : Opening special $60/h

Age : late 20s

Size/shape : Small (150 cm)

Hair: Lighter than her original colouring

Nationality or Ethnicity : Taiwanese

Services Provided : Massage 

Value for money/recommend? : Yes - but no happiness at the end (so far)

I have been returned to Silver after a couple of months on the bronze bench and, given the current assessment of this as a legit shop, am happy to report on my exploratory ventures here in this more protected forum.

I drove past one of my old favourites in North Rd and saw that a fancy looking massage place had just opened 100m up the street. What drew my attention was the sign offering one hour oil massage for $60! 

Once inside there were some giveaways as to its probable legit status.  The reception lady brought me a tea, asked for my shoes, which she exchanged for slippers, and passed over a clipboard for me to note down my particulars (not pregnant, no medication (thought about noting that I had just popped  a large blue pill). My ML arrived, short, cute but dressed in an apron of fairly heavy fabric (now quieten down, not just an apron!!) and took me up to a well appointed room up the stairs. She announced her name as Katie and I started thinking of Kate, the curvy little Thai lady who had serviced me just a few doors away (and would again - see separate report).

Now it was already clear that if I had been after a quick nude bodyslide and a wank, this was clearly not the place to visit . The again, I had a strange thought that it might be one of those "two level"businesses, which run a very legit operation for a mixed clientele, but can offer a little something else for regulars. And at $60, I figured "nothing ventured, nothing gained"

I nuded up and lay on the table, cock arranged between the thighs (but out of sight (for the time being). Kate came in covered me with a large sheet and commenced what tuned out to be one of the best "non-professional" remedial style massages I have had for years). After ten minutes of pressure massage through the sheet, she moved the sheet to work on back, legs and glutes, keeping just the critical bits out of view. 

By the time she had worked up and down the glutes, young Bill was at full (though necessarily horizontal) attention, And this was the point at which it became apparent that young Katie likes to play a game which I call the  "Elephant in the Room" game. After uncovering and working on one leg, she pulled the knee sideways to the edge of the table to allow more probing into the hip and ITB. In doing so, Bill was clearly exposed in quite as much glory as he can manage and, as is inscribed in the rules of the game, neither Kate or I acknowledge that there is, in fact, an Elephant (well a baby elephant) in the room which is giving her a one-eyed stare fair in the face. 

On the flip (with the cover on of course), the elephant was not so much in the room as in the tent and trying to bust out, but Katie just deftly worked up the inner thigh and across the pelvis without ever so much as an acknowledgement of the elephant's presence or a twist of the trunk (though she managed just enough incident contact through the sheet to keep things interesting. All the while young Katie was happily pressing her pudenda firmly up against my strategically placed, but deniably static, elbow and hand.

By now, I realised that my strategically placed banknotes were not going to be claimed. After a hot towel clean-up, I reported back downstairs in the hope that the mamasan would whip me behind the screen for a $20 blowjob. That wasn't to be, but she did deliver a very nice green tea to close out the session. OK, I TOFTT, but then again, I am one who can occasionally enjoy the "thrill of the chase" - even when you never actually catch your prey.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 13th December 2018, 05:32 PM
Poster ID: Jason Hardigan
Post Title: 
 Aura Wellness - Ormond vic - 0416 794 582
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : yomi

Establishment : aura wellness 

Date of Visit : 9-12-18

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 561a north rd Ormond vic

Phone : as in title

Hours of Business : unsure.. not late night though

Rates : 70hr (hicaps on some days)

Age : 20's

Size/shape : petite 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Japanese at a guess

Services Provided : deep tissue massage

Value for money/recommend? : yes

this joint has changed hands so I'll starting a new thread for a new business entity.

was really sore all over so that is the best time to try 'legit' places to see if more is on offer. Worst case is you get a good massage! This is my second time here, you have to fill out a sheet saying your name phone no and any injuries or health issues like heart etc.

place has nice fitout and you have to wait 5 mins with the herbal tea first. Was taken to room and that's where they say take off everything except underwear.. not this time! So I went nude. Also noticed a tissue box right next to bed.... In comes yomi she's nice and really cute. Extensive uniform though with apron. Hard to get a look. She puts the towel on me head to to and walk and neals on my back and legs for 5 mins. Perfect pressure and time for this. Not to long  Then out come the oil. Lots of pressure and elbows and easily one of the best deep tissue massage that would put a sports masseuse to shame!!. Knows exactly how to massage a neck and also some good glute work.  She leans right in against my arm hanging down and squeezes it between her legs which was cheaky and rubs al the way down to my bum while squatting above my head. The whole massage was face down which was a bugger. Next time I'll say I need my quads and hip flexors done! I know this all seems clinical but the vibe was better than I'm describing. Once you are in these rooms it's you and the ml. Both times here I requested deep tissue at the entrance. So if you went in requesting Swedish or relaxation you'd be a better chance. I was this close to asking for extras at the end but I'm on the cautious side of the spectrum. The again how many people need a tissue at the end to blow their nose..?!?   If you want a sure bet gaurentee no strike out... go over the rd to 'Oriental massage Workshop' there the mamasan come in at the end and offers a second HJ! True story!

good luck gents.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 17th December 2018, 03:25 PM
Poster ID: Billabong Bill
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Have been to that shop more than a dozen times. I have managed to get a fair bit of sensual with the remedial and a bit of stiffy flashing - well past the point where extras would be in discussion. Sadly, it is clear that this is a legit only shop. Nevertheless, they offer 45 mins for $45 before 1pm weekdays for a very good massage so I will drop in from time to time (and hope for a miracle)


