Floor: #1
Post Time: 6th December 2016, 11:37 PM
Poster ID: foreman
Post Title: 
 Bamboo Body Care -4/1295 Nepean Highway Cheltenham - 0470 217 585
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Vivian

Establishment : Bamboo Body Care

Date of Visit : Movember 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0470 217 585
http://melbourne.cracker.com.au/Ther...nt-20/17781098

Hours of Business : 10am to 8pm

Rates : $70 hr

Age : 30

Size/shape : Size 8, C cups, long nipples, attractive

Nationality or Ethnicity : Vietnamese?

Services Provided : Massage, BBBJ, CIM, HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes but expensive 

My experience/comments : 

Found this place in the usual places. http://vic.locanto.com.au/ID_9679262...heltenham.html

I drive past every day and thought I would check it out. Called the number and got a response straight away. This was after I tried the door first. They have a security camera on the door and it's locked. Located on a very busy Nepean Hwy, down the road from Southland. The girl told me they were busy for 15mins. I waited more than 20mins and was almost ready to leave when a customer left and I walked straight in.

The girl at the desk asked me what I was after? I thought it was obvious, a massage? Followed her to one of the rooms. Really nice setup. Very professional tables and polished concrete floors. A really upmarket look. The girl at the desk soon joined me in the room. There was a clock on the wall that didn't work and the usual sign about no sexual services.

I booked for an hour massage. Her technique was good. She told me she was Thai, but I could hear her talking in Vietnamese to the other girl. I didn't touch her at all and thought I would wait till she said something. She teased me a little before I rolled over. Then it was time for the up sell. Are you interested in HJ, nude bodyslide, or BJ? Her prices started at $100. I wasn't impressed and said I can go to a brothel and get the works for that you know? She dropped down to $80 for a bodyslide, no kissing and BBBJ. Sounded a bit more reasonable. She encouraged me to touch her body, but no kissing. 

Her BBBJ was actually pretty good and I played with her long nipples. This was after she climbed on the table and gave me a body slide. She let me finish CIM and gave me another head massage and cleaned me up with some warm towels. She offered me her card and told me what day she works. I didn't take it. I'm pretty sure FS would be on offer for the right money. 

She asked me what do I usually get in a RnT shop and I told her pretty much everything depending on the girls. I haven't been back. On leaving there were a few guys waiting. There looked like there were a few rooms, but not many girls on. 

Overall not bad!


Floor: #2
Post Time: 7th December 2016, 09:15 AM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
The words" i thought i would check it out", is what gets us all the time lol


Floor: #3
Post Time: 7th December 2016, 09:27 AM
Poster ID: nextlif
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Mimi is worth a visit here ...25 yr old Taiwanese stunner. The locked door is a problem. You have to wait on the Nepean Hwy for someone to open it. 

Its like the wait of shame...


Floor: #4
Post Time: 7th December 2016, 01:57 PM
Poster ID: foreman
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
She did offer me the back door when I left.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 7th December 2016, 09:47 PM
Poster ID: JustaRandom
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by foreman


She did offer me the back door when I left
"""



Any extra ?


Floor: #6
Post Time: 28th January 2017, 01:45 PM
Poster ID: melboy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Vivian

Establishment: Bamboo Body Care

Date of Visit: mid December 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: 0470 217 585

Hours of Business: Nominally 10am to 8pm but they're pretty casual about starting times based on my experience

Rates: $70/hr

Age: Late 20s

Size/shape : Slim with B cups, long nipples, full bush.

Nationality or Ethnicity: Thai/Viet mix

Services Provided: Massage, BBBJ, HJ

Value for money/recommend? Bit pricey, but yes.

My experience/comments: 

Mimi had sent me a message to tell me she was working at this new shop a few months back. Finally down in Melbourne and finding myself with a bit of free time on my hands I decided to pop in and say hello. Rocked up at about half ten in the morning, rang the doorbell and did the wait of shame. Zero response. I notice the flashing open sign is off. Unable to do the wait of shame any longer I give up and pop over to Cheltenham and get a coffee to kill some time. I get back again about 11, but still no flashing open sign  I decide to ring the doorbell again anyhow, just in case. Another wait of shame ensues but still no response. I give up and walk off, but have one last look over my shoulder as I do and bing the open light comes on! Ring the doorbell again and it is third time lucky - Vivian opens the door and lets me in 

Apparently she's the one one there, more girls coming about midday, however Mimi is not one of them as it her day off. My plan is foiled! Well given I'm here and Vivian looks good I figure what the hell and pony up the cash for an hour. In the room I strip to my birthday suit and flop on the table. Vivian dispenses an okay oily massage while chatting away - her English is pretty good and she seems a real nice down to earth girl. About the haflway mark the massage gets a bit sensual as she builds to the flip. The turn over comes and melboy jnr. is standing to attention ready for duty. Vivian giggles and gives him a little stroke and enquires if I want extras. I ask what is on the menu and am told HJ is +$30, nude HJ +$50 and nude BBJ with HJ finish +$70. I take the $70 option and Vivian gets down to business after telling me strictly "no CIM" as she doesn't do that (how'd you get her to Foreman?).

Vivian gives a pretty mean sloppy blowjob and after only a few minutes my cock and balls are well drenched in slimely slobber - just how I like it  Think I would be completely in love if she could take me to the hilt, but you can't have everything. I hold out and enjoy this for as long as I can but eventually I can't take it any longer so I get her to switch over to the HJ for the finish. There's so much slobber on my cock there's no need for oil and fairly quickly I nut all over myself, getting a bit on her too which she takes in her stride. I lay there completely spent while Vivian cleans herself up, chastising me for taking too long and telling me she will have to charge more next time.

I'm asked if I want a hot towel cleanup or shower. I take the shower option and am wrapped in a fresh towel and shown in to a small room containing this space-age looking circular shaped shower. It takes a bit of trial and error on how to turn on the right bit, but eventually I get it going how I want. Be warned that the shower is quite tight - I'm sure it is fine for the tiny shop girls to use, but if you're a bigger unit you might not even get in. I grab my stuff and ask if there is a more discreet exit having already exceeded my shame quota for the day and am directed out the back door into the rear carpark.

WIR? Yep - clean rooms with locking doors, showers, discreet rear entry, at least two quality girls (even if Vivian is a bit money hungry), what's not to like?


Floor: #7
Post Time: 28th January 2017, 02:03 PM
Poster ID: nextlif
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
This place might be a worry on the rare occasion of a stinking hot day in Melb. Rooms are smallish, no windows or ventilation and no air con that I could see.


Floor: #8
Post Time: 28th January 2017, 02:14 PM
Poster ID: foreman
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
When I saw her she said keep quiet don't talk. BBBJ turned into CIM. She did say why didn't you warn me? It was in my review.

Is Mimi Seiko from Moorabbin? You can get BBBJ in quite a few brothels for less. I haven't been back.


Floor: #9
Post Time: 26th June 2017, 02:41 PM
Poster ID: robot
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Vicky 

Establishment : Bamboo Body Care 

Date of Visit : 25/6/17 

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0470217585 

Hours of Business : 10am - 8pm 

Rates : 30min / $45 + $30 clothed HJ 

Age : Mid 20's 

Size/shape : Solid but not fat. Ok face. 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian 

Services Provided : Rub n tug 

Value for money/recommend? : No 

My experience/comments : 

Was shopping up the road. Hate shopping so needed some relief afterwards. Searched the site and this place popped virtually walking distance. Called up and made a booking. 

Parked out front (there is parking out back but only a front entrace). Pressed the buzzer of shame and waited to be let in while I could feel the eyes of people on nepean hwy looking at me lol. Vicky was at reception. Friendly but solid/chubby, boobs were popping out of a low cut top. Thought she could be some fun but thought 30 mins would be enough. 

Rooms are dimly lit with changing-colour bulb lighting and near porn music going. She walked in as I was still stripping so I thought I would ask her straight away what she offers. She played that annoying what do you want game. I said nude with bj but she said only hj today, maybe next time you come in. Ok, whatever. Massage was pretty good, she gave a thai like massage with solid but not over the top pressure. 

Flip over and she start the tug. Now this is why my No recommendation comes in. It was the worst tug I've had in a long time. Straight into a jack hammer with vice like grip. I ask her to slow down and play around a bit which she does for a second before slamming little bot around. I ask her to use her mouth this time but she says next time and it will be $100. I think she was testing if i would have payed her then she would have agreed but there was no way I was about to fork over $100 at this stage. She kept hammering for a while before asking "you cum yet". I said I would never cum this way and to slow down. No go, so I lay back until both her arms were gone. Then I said that's enough. Payed her $30 and walked out. 

After leaving I realised she never gave me back my $5 change from the massage (I gave her a 50). Usually I wouldn't care but was about to go back in after leaving unhappy. Then I realised I would have to push the buzzer and wait again so I just left.


