Thread Title: Bella massage - Malvern - 0426 371 114
Floor: #1
Post Time: 8th September 2019, 10:40 PM
Poster ID: Goboy
Post Title: 
 Bella massage - Malvern - 0426 371 114
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Angela

Establishment :  Bella Massage

Date of Visit : 7 September

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 226a Glenferrie rd Malvern Vic

Phone :0426 371 114

Hours of Business : 10am-9pm

Rates : $70 per hr $50 per half hr

Age : 24

Size/shape : medium , good looking 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Taiwan 

Services Provided : NHJ plus

Value for money/recommend? : yes 

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

This is a new shop At front it is a small doorway on Glenferrie rd to a first floor former office .
There is a very discrete rear entrance off a parallel back lane and signs taking you up a car park internal staircase
i have seen Angela a few times 
She is super nice .good looking ,happy smiling face .big boobs (that she has on display) neat moderate figure short black hair.24 years old.

When I first meet her a visit or two ago she was just setting up . 
She is manager and has one other girl on , rotating others, with her 
These girls are also look ok .

Angela is very nice and generous in her performance
i elected for nude at $80 for the hour as the extra and it eventuates to be much more at the price .A long BBBJ lots of endevour and effort on her part. Exchange massage and Daty were on the menu I will be back for more.

The place is clean and Angela is very conscious of personal cleanliness for both herself and customer ( lots of wet ones, mouthwash and antiseptic.) LOL
i must say I like her 
She is 24 and presently working. 7 days a week

Her Massage is nothing special but she makes up for it in every other way

i sounded her out on FS.but no no there .Pity.

She has no trouble putting In the full hour on everything else,takes her time and a lot of effort and customer care.Touching all ok .
She also has a great sense of fun.
Well worth it all
i cant comment on the other staf except that they are rotated regularly.

The place has a shower and  parking round the back
A Good find
Goboy


Floor: #2
Post Time: 9th October 2019, 10:18 AM
Poster ID: Genji88
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Angela 

Establishment : Bella massage, 226a Glenferrie rd Malvern 

Date of Visit : 7/10/19

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 

Phone : 0426 371 114

Hours of Business : 11am - 9pm

Rates : $50/30 mins, $60/45 mins $70/60 mins

Age : 40+

Size/shape : 8 - 10

Nationality or Ethnicity : Taiwan 

Services Provided : Massage, Bbbj

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : Last﻿ time I went here I saw Yoyo, and the Mamasan Angela introduced herself to me, giving a rundown of the girls. Despite being older as the Mamasan she looked good enough to try out for an "experienced﻿ touch".



I made a booking with Angela and immediately noticing her protuding puppies beneath her sweater and a tight milfy butt in workout pants before stripping off, putting $70 near the oil bottle & a pillow underneath my stomach.. 



She stands in front of my head and massages my back as I grab her ass and tits when she bends over. Massage is a little firm but always with a tickle of the tackle.



On the flip I ask for a nude Bbbj and she﻿ agrees on my offer of $70 on condition of No CIM.

She strips off sporting a natural pair of C-D cup boobs. A little bit of a gut but nothing too hideous. I suck and tweek those titties before she heads down south. 



Bbbj is pretty good - Lots of eye contact, tongue up and down the full length & all in the mouth. 

However suction was minimal and made the mistake of saying "I'm Close" before I was near the edge as she jumped back and jackhammered me to completion.



I got her to massage my legs for the remaining 15 mins and got hard again - was offered a Hj for another $20 which I declined. While she didn't make me cum, she still teased and tickled me a bit. Quite enjoyable but wish I had an extra 20. Wouldn't rule out a return but would like to see if I can get Bbbj from the younger talent here


Floor: #3
Post Time: 9th October 2019, 10:14 PM
Poster ID: Goboy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I don’t think this is “Angela” Genji88
She is 24 not a Milf big boobs and slender (but nicely covered) She has never up sold me and has no “gut”
Certainly no jackhammer.
Goboy


Floor: #4
Post Time: 22nd December 2019, 03:20 PM
Poster ID: Goboy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Monica

Establishment : Bella Massage

Date of Visit : about a week (Saturday)

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : as above

Phone :as above

Hours of Business : 10.am - 9 pm

Rates : $75 p hr plus

Age : 25 

Size/shape : very nice boobs and arse ,slender

Nationality or Ethnicity : Taiwan

Services Provided : bbBJ N HJ

Value for money/recommend? : maybe on price , VG on service 

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

Called on a Saturday on recommendation of Angela (Angela is a comely wench of mid 20s who manages and massage and she is sure worth it ) I came to meet  to meet Monica 
She only works Saturday , studies English on other days.

"She has beautiful boobs "says Angela . Indeed she does and a beautiful arse and good brown skin ,long hair and good looks Overall a nice package , sans.

They were busy , so instead of going for Angela I waited  20 mins in the room .
Angela asured me she did it all , the same as her (Bj N) to a high standard .So ok.

When Monica appeared . She had on a uniform ,looked a bit ordinary (I am in two minds), but on Angela's recomendation I stayed . Glad I did.

Extras were $100 (usually $80 but A knows I pay$100 for that very extra effort which in her case is sure worth it).

Monica starts off with me facing up ,head on pillow as she circles little bro and nice soft relax massage for a few minutes .

I ask what about N ? She says ok no problem.

I tell her I pay$100 for all she is ok to do . a nod from her and then no further money talk.
.
The very ordinary pink Myers store style uniform comes off (intended to convey a professional massage salon) and then wow, what beautiful large tits and perfect arse , slender body . The hair comes down to create a very sexy picture 

She slides into licking rather than suck pretty well straight away along with some chest and nipples rubbing.She takes  my balls into her mouth for a gentle suck, and up to light little head licking .I am having a good feel of her arse ,date , and pussy along the way .
No problems there.

She then slides into a light body slide ,rubbing those D's over my chest ,face and little bro and taking it between them ,then into a very slow and tender BJ 

This went on for maybe 25 minute. She realised I was about to blow and lifted slightly from sucking ,  to licking little bro , then a very tender HJ and Boom. All done.

Lots of smiles from her  and stroking to bring me down, and concluding small talk,good language .and very nice attitude.

Turned me over for a back and big head massge ,reasonable quality, and finally a wash down.

I dress and funds exchanged.
 Angela comes in to ask how we went and tells me all the girls do BJ and all well trained by her, she says with pride.

This place has back lane entrance is clean ,showers and discrete.

Well worth it A VG venue.

Goboy


Floor: #5
Post Time: 5th January 2020, 01:28 PM
Poster ID: tryhardaussie
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Angela 

Establishment : Bella Massage

Date of Visit : December

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 

Phone :0426 371 114
Hours of Business : 10am-8pm

Rates : $70 + $50-$80

Age : Says 25 but I suspect just over 30 

Size/shape : 8

Nationality or Ethnicity : Vietnamese 

Services Provided : Half arsed massage but good extras are a plus

Value for money/recommend? : Ok 

My experience/comments : 

I saw a young lass here Abby some time ago and wondered whether or not she had upped her game and went on Christmas eve to see if she was working but it appears she has left and remembering the review on Monica thought I would ask for her but Angela said she was busy so I went with with Angela who I have seen once before.
She wanted to start with a massage but after 5 minutes I said lets get down to business to which she smiled and started with a bit of a cat bath and onto some BBBJ action.

She does do a decent head job and toiled away for about 30 minutes before I cave her a taste of what was to come then a finish by hand completed my Christmas present to myself.

I did say she earned a break so I was happy to leave at the 45 minute mark on my request but she would have happily massaged me for the remaining time if asked.

She is a trooper and does recommend the other girls saying they all give the same service and when I asked about Abby she told me she had left, clearly not will to provide the same customer service. 

I will go back but to try others on the menu.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 11th January 2020, 03:14 PM
Poster ID: Koloman
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Angela

Establishment : Bella Massage

Date of Visit : October 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 226a Glenferrie rd Malvern Vic

Phone :0426 371 114

Hours of Business : 10am-9pm

Rates : $50 for 30 mins

Age : guessing late 20s

Size/shape : shortish, medium build, toned 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Taiwan 

Services Provided : Bodyslide, BBBJ, NHJ

Value for money/recommend? : yes 

My experience/comments : 

I rolled up without appointment, using the very handy and private rear carpark entrance. Rang the doorbell, Angela lets me in with a friendly greeting. The place is an ex office and very spacious. Well fitted out with shower facilities.  

We agree on 30 minute session, she leads me to room and leaves me to undress. When I am nuded up and lying down she THEN comes back and explains that she is the only one working, has a customer and I would have to wait for 15 mins. Hmmm, she's rolled me here. Anyway, I said I would wait. 

Whilst I am waiting, I notice a TV monitor showing the front entrance of the store from Glenferrie Road. I had a good look at one customer who came up the stairs and rang the door bell. A nice close up. Something to be wary of. I didn't see the back entrance being screened.   

She comes back 25 minutes later! So not great start. But she is very apologetic and promises to make it worth the wait. She explains that the other girl went home feeling sick so she has been run off her feet.    

Angela is very happy and bubbly. Eager to please. She did indeed make it worth the wait. After the usual massage, we agree on $80 for bodyslide and BJ. She reveals a great body and set of tits.   
Hey bodyside was excellent as was the BBBJ. Her body was available for touching all over. All very good. 

I opted for a wash down instead of the shower and she did a very thorough job. 

Recommended.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 22nd January 2020, 04:48 PM
Poster ID: Salsa
Post Title: 
 Tsunami on the ferrie - Nana
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Nana

Establishment : Bella Massage

Date of Visit : 20/01/20

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 226 Glenferrie Rd Malvern VIC

Phone : 0426 371 114

Hours of Business : 10am - 9pm

Rates : $70 per hr / $50 per half hr

Age :  late 20s  early 30s

Size/shape : Quite slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : PRC

Services Provided :  Nude, HJ, DATY

Value for money/recommend? : Yeh, why not?

My experience/comments : 

Hail the size of golf-balls seriously dented the cadillac, I'm getting my balls frozen off one day, roasted the next and that fuck-head ScoMo is still talking absolute, stark raving, denialist bullshit about the climate. I'm gonna mail that cunt a turkey sandwich.

Surprisingly there hasn't been any bushfires in downtown Melbourne lately but the drought is still a big problem - I mean the pussy-drought my cock has been experiencing. I've had a bit of a break from R&T recently, preferring to get my cock massaged by slits rather than mitts. But like our once great Southern land, my wallet has become as parched as the present political debate and so I guess I'm back hunting clam in hand-job huts across jolly ol' Melbourne.

By the way, not many punters know that, when you visit one of those nasty little oriental tug shops, 90% of the money those old chinese slappers fleece from you is sent as a tribute to Fearless Leader xi jinping, back in Beijing, largely to be used for his living expenses. Your hard-earned cash keeps Mr. xi supplied with his Weetbix, Doc Martins, hemorrhoid creams and anti-coronavirus suppositories.

Anyhows, on this day I climbed the stairs to a not so discreet little joint on a reasonably busy road in the south-east. The mamasan here has had a few positive reviews but I was met by a young lass who called herself Nana.  Nana isn't a short-arse. I'd say she's around 175cm tall with quite a trim figure, medium length hair, an attractive face and slightly sticky-out ears which I found cute. I suspect her English is not great but didn't get the opportunity to discuss the details of the Trump impeachment proceedings or the Bridget McKenzie sports rort scandal with her so I'm just working on a hunch here.

She steps back into the room just as I'm pulling off my jocks and stands there quietly watching me. We hadn't really discussed what was on offer but, anyhow, I put my arms around her and we hug and lightly kiss, still standing, while I cup her arse and nuzzle her neck. I offer to help her strip off. She's wearing a loose fitting, slip-on dress so we get rid of that pretty fast and then we peal off her bra. Her tits are maybe a B cup but, whatever, certainly a mouthful. I suck on her nipples and then kiss and lick my way down to squat in front of her and gently slide her panties down, revealing a neat pussy with a trimmed bush.

I start rubbing her gash but pretty soon I'm licking around her inner thighs and testing the water for a clam dive. No objections so I get her to lie back on the table and bury my head between her thighs, eating the watermelon. All the while she's quitely moaning and I'm thinking, like, 'yeh, sure honey'. But when she stands up I test her minge with a couple of fingers and, fuck me, she's wetter than a submarine's number plate - her maiden oil was flowing out of her like a tsunami. My hand brushed against her thigh and it was seriously glazed with punami sauce. My fingers were making that inviting squelchy sound as I gently probed her velvet canyon and greased her clit. This chick responds like a Lamborghini (Huracán Performante) - but I don't think she orgasmed at any point. My bad.

She gets me to lie down and begins a half-arsed massage of my shoulders. I tell to skip to the good stuff and she moves to my glutes and pretty soon I feel her fingers exploring down around my quoit and further under to my shaft. She started lightly jacking me with one hand while the other played around my date.

By this stage my love cannon was locked and fully loaded. I flip over and she starts soothing the monster. I get her to sit up on the table with me, her legs apart, straddling mine. In this position I can put my arms around her and ease her towards me, kiss, suck her cupcakes and, when the mood is upon me, gynecologically examine her. All the while she's gently fapping my rodger.

Earlier, she pleasured my ringo so I want to return the favour. I slip my hands under her arse cheeks and lift her up slightly, just enough to move my feet under her butt, raising her up off the table slightly, checking, of course, that this was comfortable for her. No problems. In this position I was able to insinuate a sneaky finger under and into her sweet spot, tickling and finally slipping a digit in to her freckle. She looks up, gives me an intense look, smiles and moans. I probably can't hold it much longer so we cling together, kissing, as she increases the yank on my crank and I unload a full clip into her hands.

During our session, sometime earlier, in my Delirium, I asked about the possibility of sex. She was like "No, not here", which I interpreted as "Oh, yes, honey, I'll fuck you whenever you want!".

Guess I'll be back.


Floor: #8
Post Time: 22nd January 2020, 07:25 PM
Poster ID: nextlif
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
How much were the extras?


Floor: #9
Post Time: 23rd January 2020, 09:54 AM
Poster ID: Salsa
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
How much were the extras?
			
		

I gave her a pineapple.


