Thread Title: BKK Thai Massage - 365a Springvale Road Springvale VIC - 03 8555 3668
Floor: #1
Post Time: 18th July 2018, 03:03 PM
Poster ID: Jassyhub2013
Post Title: 
 BKK Thai Massage - 365a Springvale Road Springvale VIC - 03 8555 3668
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Fiona

Establishment : BKK Thai Massage

Date of Visit : Jul 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 365a Springvale Road Springvale VIC Phone number 3171 (03) 8555 3668

Hours of Business : 10am till 8pm

Rates : $65 60min, $60 45min

Age : late 30's (38?)

Size/shape : D cup, slim size 8

Nationality or Ethnicity : Vietnamese

Services Provided : Topless massage, HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Ok -> Good

My experience/comments :
So continue with my search for a new favorite place to get a massage I decide to try another new shop.
Walk into the first one and am presented with two older ML's (40+). So I quickly think, grab a card ask their prices.
Not really what I am looking for, I say I'm in a hurry and can't stop now but will come back and start my exit.
A little embarrassing as they try to call me back and convince me to stay.

Onto the next shop which seems to be a mixed business (Beauty shop). A bubbly Asian woman jumps up off the sofa and asks me if I want a massage.
She seems a little older also however she is very friendly and when she says $60 for 45min and $65 for 1hr I decide to take the 1hr option.

Shows me to the room which is very large and has a massage table and a huge bed taking up one wall.
She directs me to get undressed and hop onto the table and she will be back.
I quickly undress and jump up onto the table.

She returns lays a towel over me and begins a medium to hard massage which is more pressure point than massage of the muscles.
I begin the usual conversation "where, who, what, how, why" and she tells me her name is Fiona and she is from Vietnam. She learnt massage there
but has been doing it here for about 4 years.

After the pressure point massage she removes the towel and lathers on the oil (a bit too much for my liking) and begins a softer
flowing massage with her hands and elbows. After a bit of this she starts to brush my arse and balls and soon after asks if the little one
down stairs needs some attention.

I ask what else is on offer and she says she can take off top and pants but knickers stay on. Ok, by me and I offer $50.
She shakes her head and says "no baby, need more money" and pulls a sad face. I offer $60 but she still shakes her head and pulls a sad face and says
"Nooo, noo, this not enough. I take clothes off".
I then pull my ace card and say "I only have another $50, no more money" With this she calculates the total ($85) and agrees saying
"I make good for you baby, make sure you happy" and with that off come the clothes.

She has a nice set of tits fairly large and offers them for me to suck while she plays with my cock commenting on how hard I am.
After a little of this she grabs a small towel, drapes it over my cock and mounts me on the table and begins to dry cowgirl me (I guess she didn't want me to cum on her panties).
She grabs both my hands and places them on her tits motioning me to squeeze them (who am I to refuse). She then leans down so I can suck on her boobs some more.
She seemed to be enjoying herself even though there was they towel between us.

After a bit of this she decided to hop off and position herself beside me to begin a slow sensual tug.
She again offered her tits to suck on and turned her head to gently blow over the top of my cock. In turn I was rubbing her puss through her panties.
She slowly increased the speed till I could not hold out and longer and the stream of thick goo erupted from the end of my cock.
A quick clean up and then she began to get dressed. She offered me a shower to wash all the oil off to which I agreed.

When I came back to dress we chatted a little and she said I should come back to try some of the younger girls. 
I laughed and said "but your good I come back for you". She said "no you have to play, enjoy some of the other young girls also".
I agreed and said I would come back (stupid me I should have asked her who is good, but I never think of these things at the time).

YMMV, good luck!!

Cheers
Jas


Floor: #2
Post Time: 25th July 2018, 03:03 AM
Poster ID: nocturnalboy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I love ya work - you are a master of observation, irony, humour and self deprecation - as required. :-)


