Floor: #1
Post Time: 27th November 2016, 09:54 PM
Poster ID: Whoops
Post Title: 
 Blue Feather Massage - 6/106 Hawthorn Rd, Caulfield North Vic - 0435 783 108
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Nina

Date of Visit : 26/11/2016

Contact Details/Address: 6/106 Hawthorn Rd Caulfield 
Mob : 0416 578 166

Hours of Business : 10-11pm

Rates : 45 mins / $60

Age : 35+

Size/shape : Guess 14/16+
About 165-170cm
Couldn't see rack but didn't look big

Nationality or Ethnicity : Malay

Services Provided : Massage + HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Ok

My experience/comments : 

Walked in without appointment and was greeted by older Asian lady, kind of sexy slutty looking. She wasn't available but Nina was who showed me into the room.

Room was smallish and the door didn't close properly so was kind of cold. Benefit was that massage table was well padded so comfortable. Plus towels were used rather that tissues. Another bonus was that the room had tap with sink.

Nina places the towel over my naked body and starts with squeezing me all over getting me loose and the blood following. She asks what sort of massage I want and I ask me medium sensual. She begins to give my back an awesome massage. Oil feels good also, not like a cheap brand. After sometime she begins with the legs and bum and lots of tackle play. Loves it!!!

On the flip asks about HJ and she says it's $50. Knowing $50 will normally get a topless one elsewhere I counter with $30. She says her HJ are not the standard jerk like other places which got me curious. We settle on $40 and she begins with lots of sack and shaft massage. Lots of teasing. After a while she begins to jerk and I burst shortly after. 

In summary in terms of massage, really good standard. In terms of tug was one of the better ones but I do hate paying above $30.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 8th March 2018, 03:51 AM
Poster ID: Sandman73wick
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Fi

Establishment : Hawthorn Road MP 

Date of Visit : 19/2/18

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 6/106 Hawthorn Road - 0416 578 166

???SENSUAL FULL BODY Massage RELAX & HAPPY $50/30Min 4 HANDS $90/30minOPEN TO 11 PM ??? - Melbourne body rubs - cracker.com.au

Hours of Business : 10am-11pm

Rates : $70 hr +$50 nude HJ DATY + $30 CBJ

Age : 25 - 30

Size/shape : 8 - C cup - nice arse 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Massage HJ CBJ DATY

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : 

Found this place doing some intel online after driving past one Sunday am by chance so decided to check it out on the Monday.

No booking just walk up for this visit, plenty of 2-3 hr parking around the park area. The store is located next to Tram stop, hairdresser and cafe so done the old wait for Tram to collect passengers before making my entrance oh and had to press buzzer.  

Anyway on entering the mamassan May attended to me, asked what wanted and took my booking no worries. May is not bad looking with nice cleavage wearing a tight top and short denim shorts whch interestingly enough she was wearing the same clobber as she was in the original advert I found showing the shop and masseuse so I reckon my chances were good today.

After being lead into the first room on the left she left so I got undressed opted for a shot at naked as never got told otherwise and lay facedown waiting for return.  Upon return a different voice spoke softly so I'm a bit taken aback as I thought it would be May, anyway I glanced up to see a very sweet looking Asian lady (I've a liking for them) she introduced herself as Fi and asked my first time which I said yes & said she give me happy massage so I thought game on.

Massage was fair not overly hard but she did use a lot of oil. Started with my feet working up to my legs and kneading my arse which took a turn for the better when she began massaging my but cheeks and crack. Sensing my raising of butt she whispered in my ear you want happy ending. After a few more minutes she washed me down with warm cloth then asked me to flip over. I asked how much and she said $50 nude HJ and touching so I agreed. After completing transaction she got her kit off displaying a nice set of firm tits round smooth arse and what looked like a small pot belly I thought shit she might be preggers but this didn't deter me one bit.  

She began by focusing on my balls making me get harder as she began rubbing my shaft slowly still giving my balls a good seeing to whilst I felt up  her tits and gave her twat with a little bush a nice gentle rub I was enjoying it all. To my delight then she brought her arse close up to me so I manoeuvred her up closer to my head without any objection from her. She was doing a HJ but she was also gently blowing on my cock & what felt like occassional kiss or lick so I brought her in for a closer inspection and sniff test. After my urges getting the better of me I thought it's time to DATY, so I brought her in closer again licking her nicely trimmed pussy which was tight looking so I began to give her lips a good rub putting in my finger ever so subtly whilst I continued to lick her lips and flick her nub with tongue.  She began to moan a little as I also thrust upwards hoping she would suck me off and to my delight she looked around & said do u want suck. I asked her sorry what, she dismounted me and lent in closer and softly whispered u want condom BJ to my delight. She signalled 50 I said 30 she put on clothes and left room then returned with the rubber.

She took her clothes back off and proceeded to put on the rubber with her mouth and continued to roll it down with her lips and teeth.  The blowjob was amazing she was vigorous in her sucking from the outset, great suction just a little teeth long sucks no hands and DT technique had her gagging a little. I couldn't help myself but to reposition her so I could get a good look of her face full of my cock, it was long after this that I was pumping her mouth filling up the rubber while she kept sucking.  She removed the rubber gave my cock a few more pumps to make sure I was empty and then cleaned me up put her clothes on as I was out of time. As I got dressed I gave her the extra $30 Thanked her with a little hug and told her I'll be back as reckon I got a little extra free time today which is unusual plus getting extras and the up-sell!

On leaving I winked to May saying very happy and I'll book in again soon.

Shop was 8/10 clean tidy nice aroma quiet except for trams bells. 

Fi looks 7.5/10.

BJ 8/10

WIR yes already have as I wanted to give May a try next and to see what else might be on the menu more to follow.

Help me out fellas have I overpaid for the extras today???

Happy Punting.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 13th March 2018, 11:26 AM
Poster ID: Sandman73wick
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : May

Establishment : Hawthorn Road MP

Date of Visit : 5/03/2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 6/106 Hawthorn Rd Caulfield North 0416578166
???ASIAN FULL BODY RELAX AND HAPPY?$50/30min or 4 Hands $90/30min OPEN TO 11PM??? - Melbourne body rubs - cracker.com.au

Hours of Business : 9am - 11pm

Rates : $70 hr + $50

Age : 30's

Size/shape : 8 C cups nice arse and longish legs

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian

Services Provided : Massage & Nude CBJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes 

My experience/comments : 

Booked in with May and looking very much forward to this visit.

Arrived early went in May came out, she was wearing the same clothes as last tim short denim shorts pink tank top with cleavage showing, May isn't a stunner but she is attractive has a cheeky smile and good English. She sort of recognised me from the last visit took me money and lead me in to the room opposite my last visit.  Room was well presented, reasonable in size with a large table sink and usual condiments.  I got undressed lay on table face down naked awaiting her return.

When she arrived she asked how many times I have been here I said second visit last one very happy. She asked how I liked and began to massage asking if I would like my back walked on so I said yes.  She was very thorough in her massage with good technique but this isn't what I was really after.  Once she moved onto my legs I couldn't help but get excited, and she knew this as her brushing of my balls soon moved to cupping stroking to which I couldn't help but raise myself up to give her better access.  Her hands were silky and her attention was second to none, soon after around 40 minutes she asks me to flip exposing my boner with pre cum dribbling.  She the asks what I want signalling HJ I signed BJ, she nodded said $100 I countered with $50, she thought about it then whispered okay but you comeback & ask for me. She then left for a couple of minutes to get the condom, comeback in locked the door took off her clothes revealing a nice set of C cups trimmmed bush and my type of smooth arse and long legs.  May started to stroke me getting me rock hard. She then put on the dom rolling it down with her mouth with skill.  She then proceeded to give me the most furious BJ I have ever had hardly ever coming up for breath. Started standing next to me while I rubbed her arse and thighs and sensually played with her breasts and nipples I got them hard as however she wouldn't let me get up to Bermuda Triangle.  During all this She was taking long deep mouthfuls with the right amount of suction, then she moved onto the table facing me taking off where she left off looking at me every so often, those eyes were a delight to see rollback as she sucked. She continued sucking for what seemed like ages and then as a i was about to come she sucked harder making me go off in her mouth as I kept thrusting until I finished.  She took off the dom carefully gave me a few more quick strokes to make sure she got it all, she playfully watched me whilst doing this winking all I could do was thumbs up like a bogan.

She commenced cleaning me up then moved on to massaging my head & shoulders to finish off the hour.  I got dressed with her in the room gave her the tip and she again reminded me to come back for her, she gave me a hug and a sweet little kiss on cheek and I was on my way.

WIR yes as I reckon there are still other extras available overtime.

Happy Punting


Floor: #4
Post Time: 13th March 2018, 11:27 PM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Looks like its now in Asian hands, gee 11pm is a bit late for closing.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 14th March 2018, 12:10 PM
Poster ID: Sandman73wick
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Yeah Mate have only seen three different Asian ladies here on my recent visits and all the adds on BP / Cracker / Locanto only advertise. As they say "one mans meat is another mans poison" this is my fancy at the moment.  There is another shop up near Glenhuntly Station now advertising different nationalities might give it a try shortly & submit a review.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 20th March 2018, 11:06 PM
Poster ID: Sandman73wick
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Didnt Bother

Establishment : Hawthorn Road MP

Date of Visit : 20/3/2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 6/106 Hawthorn Road Caulfield North - link in previous thread

Hours of Business : varies in adds 9am - 11am

Rates : $70 hr + $50 nude RNT 

Age : 40ish

Size/shape : size 8 b-c cups trimmed bush 5/10

Nationality or Ethnicity : Malay I think

Services Provided : massage & Nude HJ 

Value for money/recommend? : No

My experience/comments : 

I've had some really good punts lately which I haven't wrote up yet but thought I'd get this one in early while everything I want to forget is fresh on my mind.

Had some previous good punts here especially last one with May, so decided to go back for further tastes.  I booked ahead specifically asking for May, as I was walking towards shop she's heading in so that's a good start.  May takes my money  and some small talk then leads me into usual room.  I get undressed looking forward to getting a nude CBJ again reminiscing about her suction skills.  Anyway as I lie waiting in comes another ML whom I thought was May but when she asks have I been her before this surprised so I looked up and said your not May, she said something about double booking or the like this should of been my queue to get dressed and leave if May wasn't available!  

Being one to not rock the boat, cause a scene and burn off any credits I have recently accumulated, I elected listened to her "I'll look after you whisper" versus my head saying its my punt it's my money even though she didn't do it for on the looks side. From this point on I wasn't focussed on getting my rocks off I was thinking will she do it for me.  She proceeded to give me a very piss poor massage probably rate 3/10, the only enjoyable part was the tease before the flip which had me thinking it might somehow get better because she was getting me very aroused with her skilfulness of the tease which was about the 30 minutes mark.

On the flip she's still teasing me and begins negotiations I ask what's on offer she says nude HJ touching $70, I said I get that for $50 here on each occasion or better for that I,e. CBJ & DATY, she says no to my enquiry about BJ so ask for $30 clothed and she relents and agrees for $50 nude.  

She then commenced to drown my cock in baby oil then grab me and go fast from the get go which just doesn't do it for I like to be brought up to a climax not forced into it.  Her body was 5/10 let me play with tits and arse even gentle pussy play, her grip & technique was not very good and after around ten minutes of frantic tugging and fake moans along with clock watching I told her to wipe off oil and start again slow.

She did this and then commenced to do the exact same again to my dismay.  After around another five minutes of the same I called it quits and said you ain't doing it for me, I am going soft she says no you hard you cum I say it's not happening let's finish, she said you've got time left I'll massage your head. So I initially opted to lay there she whispers next time BJ and in the end I thought fuck it I'm out of here, got up wiped myself down got dressed left the money on the table saying not happy and walked out with blue balls & unfulfilled.

Disappointingly no one at the counter to complain to, so I opted to send a text message expressing my dissatisfaction about not getting May and the piss poor overall massage experience.  They sent a reply simply saying "Sorry bout that", no call no apology or offer to make it up to me.

In hindsight I should have got up and walked out when I didn't get May, especially after reading so many comments about guys having the courage to walk if it it doesn't measure up to expectations, this is a lesson I will now heed i this day forward and let my feet do the talking. I should have got her name for future ref for other punters who frequent this MP, but I was that pissed I couldn't be bothered.

On a positive note on the way home after doing a few things I found a shop I didn't notice previously and got a delight which I will submit a review for as I will be returning to this shop.

WIR ??? Would like to hear feedback on much more experienced punters views if I should, as I must say all previous punts have been exceptional at this joint, do I steer clear?

Happy Punting


