Thread Title: Body Massage - 255a Burke Rd, Glen Iris Vic - 0410 469 729
Floor: #1
Post Time: 28th November 2013, 03:00 PM
Poster ID: mayo
Post Title: 
 Body Massage - 255a Burke Rd, Glen Iris Vic - 0410 469 729
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Yoyo

Establishment : Body Massage 255a Burke Rd, Glen Iris

Date of Visit : 4/10/13

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Leader, Body Massage 255a Burke Rd, Glen Iris

Hours of Business : 10am to 7.30pm

Rates : 30min/$70

Age : 20s

Size/shape : very nice full body with lovely tits and great nipples

Nationality or Ethnicity : Singapore

Services Provided : massage, hj, DATY


Value for money/recommend? : definately

My experience/comments : I have seen Yoyo numerous times before at 156 Elgar Rd, Box Hill but told me she works here on Fridays which is great for me as very close by. Entrance is a small doorway leading to 1st floor on cnr Burke Rd & Malvern Rd. Shown to a nice cosy big room and told to undress after handing over $$$. As usual stripped naked and lie in table until Yoyo returns. She strips and gives the usual excellent massage intermingled with plenty of tackle play which makes me raise the hips to allow her to grab my cock as well as the jewels. After about 20 mins tells me to flip climbs on the table and presents her bald pussy for licking while she oils up my cock. Not sure if she does this for everyone but I have seen alot of her and she knows what I like. I cant take this for too long and quickly spurt my juice in the air on to her tits.  Another great time with Yoyo for me.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 29th November 2013, 08:13 AM
Poster ID: adventurous
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by mayo

Not sure if she does this for everyone but I have seen alot of her and she knows what I like. I cant take this for too long and quickly spurt my juice in the air on to her tits.  Another great time with Yoyo for me
"""
 




Yoyo from 156 Elgar does a whole lot more that this, and she does it for whoever asks for it, and money talks of course.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 29th November 2013, 10:10 AM
Poster ID: mayo
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by adventurous



Yoyo from 156 Elgar does a whole lot more that this, and she does it for whoever asks for it, and money talks of course
"""



Adventurous...you obviously have experienced Yoyo


Floor: #4
Post Time: 18th December 2013, 11:40 AM
Poster ID: Cmb013
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hi mayo where exactly is this shop and do u no what days yoyo works? Best I've been with by far


Floor: #5
Post Time: 18th December 2013, 02:43 PM
Poster ID: mayo
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hi Cmb, doorway is on Burke Rd just around the corner from Malvern Rd upstairs. Haven't seen her for a while but last I knew she worked there on Fridays. Yes she is a good one that I have seen plenty of times


Floor: #6
Post Time: 18th December 2013, 03:10 PM
Poster ID: Cmb013
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I use to see her at Elgar rd she one of the best around I will go Friday and see if she is there


Floor: #7
Post Time: 4th March 2014, 11:35 AM
Poster ID: Wollee
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Stacey

Establishment : Body Massage

Date of Visit : 14 February 14

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 255 a Burke Rd Glen Iris Limited parking in Burke Rd. Clearway after 4 pm see note below re parking

Hours of Business : 10-8

Rates : $50 plus $30 for tug

Age : 38

Size/shape : Size 12

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese - Shanghai

Services Provided : RnT

Value for money/recommend? : Yes to see if I can go further

My experience/comments :-

Entry thru a narrow door on Burke Rd. Need to ring and an old Chinese male answers the door. Proceed up stairs to what appears to be an old type of flat with rooms off a central main room. Was shown into a room with a massage table in the middle of the room. In comes a Chinese woman who goes thru the routine of pricing. 
Agreed to 30 mins and handed over cash. She returns and undressed leaving bra and underpants on which are covered by heavy duty pantyhose. No ENTRY !!
Medium duty massage but kneaded my arse cheeks like a baker kneading dough. Thumbs and fingers prodding. No crac or sac play
On the flip removed bra to reveal pert titties sitting up right ....said no kids
Sucked on nipples and a two handed tug go me over the line. 
Cleaned me up and left the room. On the way out the old man shows me the back exit to a car park located behind the vacant chemist shop. Use wooden stairs to climb down ....be aware of the bottom step !!!


Floor: #8
Post Time: 31st March 2014, 03:18 PM
Poster ID: Wollee
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lisa

Establishment : Body Masssage

Date of Visit : 28 February 2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 255A Burke Rd. Glen Iris

Hours of Business : 10 to 8

Rates : $ 50 plus $20 

Age : 30

Size/shape : 10/12 B

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Massage/Covered Blow Job

Value for money/recommend? : Yes...will return to go one further

My experience/comments : Returned to this venue to see of I could go one better. Entered via the back stairs and the old Chinese bloke opens the door. Shows me to a room. In come a different woman to the previous visit. Gives me the menu, and settle for massage $50 nude. 
She takes the coin and I strip off and up onto the table. The woman returns and I ask her name. She replies Lisa. She then strips off and looks very good, but furry where it counts !! She then starts the massage with some crac and sac action. 
On the flip she rubs my thighs and lower stomach. This gets my attention. Then she says 'do you want suck' for another $20. Who am I to deny a lovely lady a chew on the Wolster. She doms me up (I was thinking it would be bare) and lowers her head to my cock. What followed was delightful. My fingers played with her fur to try to find the entry to her cave.
Yes I find the hole and insert a finger and start to rub, but her mouth was doing it's thing. Fireworks and she cops a dom full. She kept sucking until the last drop was gone and then released her mouth from my softening member. 
She then cleaned me with a cold wipe and I shrank even further. A head and face massage followed and a relaxed Wol dressed and gave her $30. I said that I would like to see her again..wink wink!!!
WIR Yes, again, to try to go that extra yard...am looking for touchdown..


