Floor: #1
Post Time: 10th July 2017, 12:20 PM
Poster ID: Frontloader
Post Title: 
 Camellia Massage - 4/4 St James Ave, Springvale, Vic - 0415907988
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : CiCi

Establishment : Camellia Massage

Date of Visit : July 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 4/4 St James Ave, Springvale, Vic.  tel:0415907988
http://melbourne.locanto.com.au/ID_1...pringvale.html

Hours of Business : 10 am - 8pm ( could be open later, not sure)

Rates : $40 for 30 min
ML offered the following extras $50 HJ, $80 topless Hj, $100 BJ ( didn't ask if covered or not)
We agreed on $50 topless.

Age : early 20,2

Size/shape : size 10ish, tan skin, bit of puppy fat around middle and bum. B size cups with pale nipples well suspended. Face 6/10. 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : $50 topless HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Not really

My experience/comments : 
Camellia Massage appears to by one of a chain in various suburbs.
I was on my way back down Springvale Rd on the weekend and the urge took me. My god Springvale shopping area is a busy madhouse. Not sure if I could get a park so was willing to retreat. Was in St James Ave and saw a huge massage shop sign - Camellia Massage - which was set back off the road and had its own off street parking, so in I went. Opened the door and was met by a young ML in a tight black dress that just covered her hooha. Looked promising so I stayed. Asked for 30 min and shown to the last room on the left. Room was clean and presentable and about the same size as a dog box. If I stretched my arms out I could nearly touch the side walls. 

Paid my $40 and left to change. ML returns and intro's done - CiCi was here name. Her english was quite good but she wasn't much of a conversationalist so it was pretty quite as she went about her routine. Was a medium massage that was just passable, with no crack or sack work from go to whoa. Pity. Flip at the 20 min mark and she starts a dry rub of the chest, lower abs, legs with some slight brushing passes of the sack, just to stir the little guy into action. Given the positive reaction she asked if I wanted extra and then gave me her list of demands: $50 HJ, $80 topless Hj, $100 BJ. I said I wasn't interest at $50 for the HJ and she looked at me incredulously. She said $$70 topless and touching and I was looking less interested. I said $50 topless and she replied you get the money first. My warning bell went off but unfortunately my dick was already at my wallet and handing her a crisp 50, with just a sticky tear in his eye. 

Back on the table CiCi removes her little black dress to reveal B cuppers with small pale nipples. Boobs were ok, well formed but not full. An early 20's body with a bit of pupply fat. Her hipster panties stayed on. And this is where it all went down hill. She positioned herself well down the table so I could only reach one boob at full stretch. Asked for lick and suck of the breast and was flately denied. Managed to get one outside touch of her pussy, over her panties, which revealed she had some hair down there, but meh. So whilst fondling her right breast she went about her oiled double handed jack hammer. I was going to ask her to slow down but fuck me if I hadn't already dropped my load within 2 minutes. That was a first for me as I never cum that quickly and I can only feel for those premmy ejaculators out there as I didn't get anywhere near the build up that I wanted. I felt somewhat let down, particularly as my dick had just liberated $50 from my wallet. And with that CiCi was getting dressed. I asked her to remain topless for the remainer of the session, but no, she said the rule is that once the customer cums then that is it. I did say that that was quick, said I should have asked for it slower. Mmmm this one is a smart one - on her terms only. In retrospect I shouldn't have gone the extra's but we live and learn. There's plenty of other shops in Springy waiting to take my money, if only I could get a park.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 28th July 2018, 10:37 AM
Poster ID: happyending
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Coco

Establishment : Camellia Massage

Date of Visit : July 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 4/4 St James Ave, Springvale, Vic. tel:0415907988


Hours of Business : 10 am - 8pm 

Rates : $40 for 30 min FS extra $100 negotiated down to $100 all up

Age : Late 40s

Size/shape : size 10 ,flat chest big nipples typical asian milf body

Nationality or Ethnicity : Tiawan

Services Provided : $100 FS inc cbj

Value for money/recommend? : Ok for a quick release

My experience/comments : Was in Springvale texted regular massage girl, unavailable she was on holiday in Brisbane so i thought i would try this place as i had seen a reasonable looking girl in there before. On entering was greeted by Coco in a short dress she looked ok for middle aged asian but not really interested in her so i thought i would 
try to offer her $100 for FS and get out of there when she rejects it. Surprisingly she says ok so i am stuck there, she asks for money and i hand her $100 she looks at it and says $140 i say no $100 inc massage price she quickly agrees. She then strips off while i undress and gets a condom and put it on my limp dick with her mouth, after about 10 min of good sucking while i am standing and her on her knees she gets up and lays on the table and i pound her in standing missionary then doggy she was quite tight and not a  bad site in doggy position so i decided to blow my load. Finished with wipe down with cloth as no shower.


