Thread Title: Chiangrai Thai Massage -33 Patterson Rd, Bentleigh, Vic - 9557 1720
Floor: #1
Post Time: 24th February 2016, 09:36 AM
Poster ID: Billabong Bill
Post Title: 
 Chiangrai Thai Massage -33 Patterson Rd, Bentleigh, Vic - 9557 1720
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Nancy

Establishment : Chiangrai Thai Massage

Date of Visit : 173.1.2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Chiangrai Nuad Thai is of one of Melbourne?s premier massage

Hours of Business : From 10 am

Rates : $50/h special rate (see review)

Age : 30

Size/shape : Slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Massage, DIY

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : 

Warning: This is a legitimate Thai massage shop offering excellent oil massages (and they do have many women coming in as well as men). The one hour oil massage is only $65, but  if you book over the phone for a session starting latest at noon, you get it for $50.

I started going to this place purely for the massage (which I need for back and hip problems). The trick about this place, however, is that they are prepared navigate to (but not over) the very edge of legal massage. The various girls (I have seen 4 so far) offer variations on this theme, but let me report on the recent session with Nancy. 

This was my first session with Nancy but I started out with a reasonable expectation of what was possible. She leads me to the well-appointed room (high class, typical Thai massage style), I strip off and lie the bed, legs slightly splayed with the bits pointed towards the toes, but with a towel across the top (always better in these places to have both of you pretending that any display or contact was "accidental". ) The towel makes sense because they always start with some (quite good) pressure point massage, through the towel) across the back and legs. Once that is done she places the towel across the butt. I ask, "Could we leave that off?" and she obliges. She then sets off on what is a very good and thorough oil massage. Once the back and shoulders are attended to and all knots removed, she starts on  ow my cock is erect and clearly on open display. This being the particular rules of this game, the "elephant in the room" is not acknowledged, but, when massaging the thighs, a bit of incidental contact is inevitable. In proper remedial massage technique, she then gets me to splay one knee as far as possible to one side while she works on the outer thigh. The elephant is now not just in the room, but standing up and winking at the audience. 

After the next knee is splayed, with more accidental bumping, she quietly asks me to roll over. The elephant is now up on its back legs with his trunk in the air. She proceeds with a  very professional massage of legs and chest, avoiding the looming danger like a soldier moving through a well-mapped minefield (note: no suggestion of extras, eyes averted - I had suggested extras to a colleague on an earlier visit and the suggestion was greeted with shock). This had been the end point for a couple of earlier sessions (which I had complemented with a quick tug while the lady was off getting warm towels.) This time, my randiness got the best of me and I moved my hand  towards my tool. "Could I touch it?" "Me" she responded with a shocked face (thinking that I was asking for a tug). "No me" I responded. She nodded with apparent relief and kindly poured copious amounts of oil over my cock. She then proceeded with her highly professional massage, while I proceeded to wank to a very fine completion a foot or two in front of her face. She then provided tissues and warm towels to clean up (happy to rub the bits so long as it was through the towel)

Yeah, I know the stories. Went to the AMP. Crap massage, worse tug, had to DIY to get over the line. In this case, however, I found the combination of first class massage (more than worth the $50) a nice CFNM experience, a quite happy ending and no hassling about the extras -and all for $50 for the hour. Not for my weekly punt, but not bad from time to time.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 26th February 2016, 03:21 AM
Poster ID: johnny101
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Long review for self-masturbation


