Thread Title: Cindy - 18 Kempson Court Keysborough - 0424 683 058
Floor: #1
Post Time: 23rd February 2016, 07:19 PM
Poster ID: iceebsbro
Post Title: 
 Cindy - 18 Kempson Court Keysborough - 0424 683 058
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Cindy

Establishment : 18 Kempson Court Keysborough

Date of Visit : 23/02

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : http://vic.locanto.com.au/ID_7262030...YSBOROUGH.html

Hours of Business : 10am - 7pm

Rates : $50/30 min 

Age : Mid 30's

Size/shape : 8-10

Nationality or Ethnicity : Taiwan/Thailand

Services Provided : HJ, Fingering , Tit sucking 

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : 

Saw a new venue has opened up very close from home, thought I'd give them a text and find out the details. Made a booking and made my way there. 
The place is in an industrial area with a lot of workshops around so be wary. The place itself doesn't stand out in anyway at all, just a glass door with black
cover if i'm not mistaken. Inside, you can tell the place use to be some sort of factory-type based work. Any who.. went in, the mama-san leads me to the room
and i was given a choice to see the 2 girls available, i thought this was weird as you would normally see this at an actual FS parlour. First girl came in, good looking 
older ML didnt catch her name, 2nd girl came in with a nice dress and dyed hair- more my type of girl so i handed her a pineapple.

Standard routine, start from the top work to the bottom with the occasional swipe of the balls with the standard talk. Found out the place has been open for 2 weeks
and that she only works Tuesdays. Towards the end she came closer to my ear and whispered for me to turn over, at this point i was really into in.
Turn over, said i only had 30. asked if touching and nude was allowed and she actually said yes! her body was okay, abit of a tummy but that's fine- hand technique was good 
too. Started to finger her while sucking on a nipple as she jerked me off, finished off - passed her the 30 and left.

WIR ? - definitely, would love to see if there are youngers girls that are available here.


