Thread Title: Clouds - 38 Scotsburn Ave Clayton - 0481 366 868
Floor: #1
Post Time: 22nd June 2018, 09:12 AM
Poster ID: Billabong Bill
Post Title: 
 Clouds - 38 Scotsburn Ave Clayton - 0481 366 868
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Leanne

Establishment : Cloud's

Date of Visit : 21 June 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 38 Scotsburn Ave Clayton 0481 366 868

Hours of Business : 10.30 to 8

Rates : massage $ 45/hh (I chose Brazilian wax for $50 instead)

Age : late 20s

Size/shape : A little plump

Nationality or Ethnicity : Viet

Services Provided : Topless HJ with a bit of touching for $50

Value for money/recommend? : Might add her to my 6-weekly WnT (Wax 'n tug) roster

So firstly, this was a Brazilian waxing session, rather than a massage, but the dynamic is pretty much the same. Most AMPs mainly give only a shit massage which just sets the scene for what can be negotiated "after the flip". In this case, there is no "flip" as you start on your back and the only time you move from this position is to get into a  sort of "submissive doggy" position for a little crack work. And in this case, the ML literally has her hand on your cock from the kick-off. 

Now I understand that not all of you appreciate the benefits of waxing, or find it too painful, embarrassing or whatever. You might also be nervous that you get an accidental stiffy in the middle of the process. That is why Clouds (and a handful of others) exist. Dodgy massage / waxing shops where the girls are handling stiff dicks every day, just drop and make sure that they do use the right waxes, have trained staff etc and you are away. Having and erection through the process actually makes it easier (and safer) for doing the work, as the best results are always achieved when the skin is taut (actually doing it without an erection is a real pain, as you have to spend all the time stretching out all you loose skin for her to work on). 

So back to Leanne. She is Viet, sweet face, a bit on the plump side with decent C-cuppers, but young enough for that to look attractive. She has been in Oz, she says, for 5 years, but her English is very good, and amazingly colloquial, as we will hear a little later. The waxing was thorough and professional and as good as you would get it you main st beauty salon - except that she is quite comfortable with you to be sporting an erection which she constantly moves from side to side, pulls back and forward, when she isn't juggling your nuts or spreading your cheeks. 

During the process, which lasts about 45 mins, she asked "you stay for massage". I said "no time but we could have a little something at the end". "Yeah I get it" she replied, nodding. With a wax, the equivalent of "the flip" is the cleanup, where the lay moves all the way over your bits with some type of lotion, cleaning away remaining waxy bits. If a smooth wipe of your cock and balls hasn't got you to attention, you may as well go home. But if your ready for action, this transitions easily into a nice HJ finish. She asked how much, I offered $30, she suggested $50 for "show and touch" referring to her nice titties, nesting under a dark top. Oh well, still only $100 all up, so I went with that. She hooked her top down to show a very nice pair which I paid due attention to before slipping my hand up inside her shorts and panties to feel her nice arse. 

Meanwhile, she was doing a lovely oily job on young Bill. Due to the fact that he had now been in a state of ready response for getting on to an hour, he needed a little more to clear the last hurdle. With one hand stroking my cock, I asked if she might also pay some attention to the balls. "Ooops. My bad" she said cutely and perfectly colloquially, and went to town. On the other side of the table, I was inspecting the results of her self-applied waxing, which she had referred to earlier and was happy for a good deal of playing with the pea, which she seemed to enjoy.  As we approached the finishing line. I suggested I slip my finger up. She half raised her leg a couple of times, to give me access, to apologise "not wet today", leaving me with a challenge to start warming the fires a little earlier next time. Anyway, all was done, the notes exchanged, thanks and compliments all around. 

Please PM me for any recommendations for good WnT shops in your area.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 24th June 2018, 09:42 PM
Poster ID: Like
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Sounds like fun Bill. I just haven't worked out how to explain the new look to the Gastapo.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 13th August 2018, 12:59 PM
Poster ID: Billabong Bill
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Mia

Establishment : Cloud's

Date of Visit : 13 Aug 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 38 Scotsburn Ave Clayton 0481 366 868

Hours of Business : 10.30 to 8

Rates : massage $ 45/hh (I chose Brazilian wax for $50 instead)

Age : late 20s

Size/shape : Short, slim, cute

Nationality or Ethnicity : Viet

Services Provided : Topless HJ with a bit of touching for $50

Value for money/recommend? : Sure

This was my regular 7-weekly visit to freshen up the gonads and make them spic 'n span. I made a return trip to Clouds which I am now convinced has just about the best package on offer for WnT services. Mia met me at the front of the shop and ushered me into the room where she layed out aresh length of wide paper towel for the table, while I quickly stripped. In earlier years, the relative formality of the waxing process has tended to be a dampener on the process of waking up young Bill, but this time, he was at full attention from the off. One of the advantages (as I see it) of WnT is that the big neon lights are on and the lady is working away with cock in hand in full view of my gaze and with her head only inches from my knob. That and a cute arse is enough to ensure sufficient tautness of the penile skin (which aesthetic practitioners appreciate is a key advantage for ensuring an effective and trouble free waxing of the area). 

By the end, we had got to know each other well and there was a seamless transition to the tug - $50 negotiated for topless with a fair bit of play allowed up the inside of the panty. We had had a long discussion about why this shop was better than all the others - competitive price, shower nice girls etc. So when she leaned up against the table, rubbing the knob and said "You too big", I thought it was an ambit claim based on a $/m2 treatment charge. Actually her complaint was that she was so fuckin' short that she had to get on tippy toe to get a good purchase on the knob. Now, while young Bill was definitely stretched to his full measure, the problem probably lay more in the size of my big arse than in the dimensions of the todger. nevertheless, it was sweet of her and I gave her clit another squeeze as a vote of thanks.

All told, $100 for a very good waxing and tug package. Looking forward to October!


Floor: #4
Post Time: 8th January 2019, 12:46 PM
Poster ID: Billabong Bill
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Back again to what is now my "go-to," WnT shop. My waxie wankie lady was Sara, trim, sweet, cute, a very efficient waxer and superb at the two handed sausage shake. $60 for front and back wax and $30 to be finished off in style. Very nice all round.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 27th October 2019, 08:12 PM
Poster ID: sribrah
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Thai girl

Establishment : Clouds clayton

Date of Visit : Couple of weeks ago

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 38 Scotsburn Ave Clayton 0481 366 868

Phone :Above

Hours of Business : No idea, google

Rates : $100 for wax and massage, $30 extra for tug

Age : Mid 30s

Size/shape : Average

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Massage, wax, hj

Value for money/recommend? : No


My experience/comments : 

This was a few weeks ago and forgot to write a review for it

Arrived and met with a chubby girl at reception. I told her its my first time and she suggested the massage and wax option as i wanted both.

$100 all up. paid with card, she said the other girl will take care of me. I havent seen her yet so i was hoping its someone good

I was shown into the room and i undress for the massage. Face down. I wait, 5 mins pass, 10 mins pass. No one, as i was just about to  get off the table and go look around what's up - she arrives.

She looked mid 30s, dark skin, said she's from thailand. 

Massage was average, nothing special. What pissed me off the most is how many times she left the room to answer customers at the front. I counted 7 TIMES she left during the 30 mins to answer the front door/answer calls/manage bookings.

I said nothing at this point because it's not worth arguing about - at places like this you get what you pay for = rubbish service

I flip around 20 mins and she gives me a few strokes and asks "want this? $30"

I accept. Her technique was decent - i came quickly.

She guides the other punter out of the waxing room and takes me there, i was wearing a towel and carrying my clothes in my hand

Waxing was painful - although she did a good job (not excellent). Left 2 times during the waxing to answer door too 

WIR ? not for this girl


