Thread Title: Eva - Pamper Touch, Dandenong - 0450 888 787
Floor: #1
Post Time: 11th August 2016, 01:58 PM
Poster ID: Tripod
Post Title: 
 Eva - Pamper Touch, Dandenong - 0450 888 787
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Eva

Establishment : Pamper Touch

Date of Visit : 11/8/16

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :tel:0450888787 
102 foster st Dandenong 

Hours of Business : 10-9pm

Rates : $50/30

Age : 24

Size/shape : 8, reasonably tall, B cup

Nationality or Ethnicity : French

Services Provided : Massage topless hj

Value for money/recommend? : Undecided 

My experience/comments : I've seen this place advertising fairly heavily on locanto recently, I couldn't find any reviews so I thought I'd toftt and test it out.
This place is in a heavy traffic area of Dandenong, parking isn't great and the entrance is facing the main rd, so it's not discreet.
I walked in without a booking and found a very attractive girl with a nice smile on reception. She asked how long, I said almost 8", then she said " no how long would you like to stay"? 30 mins please, $50. She showed me to the room, on the way I passed some other girls sitting in the lounge area, one blond girl looked nice, but the others were just average. So she tells me to strip and she'll be back soon, awesome I've got her doing the massage.
The room seemed clean enough, it's been a quick freshen up of old decor, fresh paint etc, small table and a towel around the face hole, it appeared to be fresh, I hope so as there was no disposable cover.
I nude up and lay down and shortly after she comes back. No messing around here, Eva asked me straight up if I was after extras towards the end, I said yes what are the options? Now it gets a bit costly here, $50 clothed hj with touching outside, no pussy play . $70 topless tug touching no pussy play, $80 topless and pants off but panties stay on, no pussy play , and $100 nude body to body, touching but no pussy play. So basically there's no pussy on offer. 
I took the $70 option, it's more than I would normally spend on a topless tug, but I was here to test the water, and Eva was hot. She removed the top straight away, her tits were a little disappointing for a nice young 24 yr old, I don't mind small but they were a little saggy, nothing bad though. She also had various small tattoos over her torso. 
The massage was acceptable without being great, plenty of tt, we chatted throughout which was fine by me, Eva had good English having only been here for 11 mths. She had no issue with me rubbing her legs or bum when I could.
Come to the flip, she doesn't do much massage here but starts to play with my growing tool, now I can get my hands on her properly, she let me put my hand down the back of her panties a bit, rubbing her toned and firm arse, I tried to go a bit further down but she laughed and stopped me, all good I went to her tits for a suck. All the while she was providing a satisfactory tug, changing it up a bit. After around 10 mins of us fondling each other I blew my load. Unfortunately she stopped almost straight away, I like a woman to continue on for a while after I blow, but no big deal.
No shower here, but Eva did give me a thorough sponge bath with a hot towel.

WIR: I think I might try again with Eva, she gave me enough to think there's more available than what she said, we seemed to get along pretty well for a first visit, I asked her if she would like an exchange massage  on my next visit, she said yes, so we all know what that means hey Wollee?
I don't think there would be any FS available here, turns out it is the sister shop of relaxation massage in Bayswater. 
It was good but extras could blow out very easily I think


Floor: #2
Post Time: 18th August 2016, 12:50 PM
Poster ID: Tripod
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Eva

Establishment : Pamper touch

Date of Visit : 18/8/16

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0450888787

Hours of Business : 10-8

Rates : $65-45 mins

Age : 24

Size/shape : 8, b cups, nice body

Nationality or Ethnicity : French/Italian

Services Provided : Massage, exchange, body slide, hj

Value for money/recommend? : Probably not

My experience/comments : So I went back to follow up on my previous visit with Eva. I wanted to try my luck with nude and getting her on the table. Eva told me last time that her pussy was off limits, but gave me enough of a hint to believe that with more visits, and getting to know each other, that she could be persuaded. 

So I called ahead and booked for an hr, only to arrive and Eva says she can only do 45mins as she has another booking. I didn't have a choice so I went with 45. Same as last time, she asks what extra I wanted from the start, I chose nude with body to body for $100. Now this is too much for this service imo, but I was hoping it could lead to other options opening up so to speak. 
So Eva nudes up straight away, gorgeous body on her, beautiful face, she really is easy on the eye. She was slightly embarrassed as her pussy had some stubble, but I made a joke with her and she relaxed and continued on. For the next 20 mins or so, she did a nice massage, plenty of tt but it's reasonably soft, definitely not a therapeutic massage. Slight body slides on my back while I touched her when I could. We chatted throughout and seem to get along pretty well.
I asked her if I could massage her, Eva happily excepts and we swap spots. She gave me clear instructions that her pussy was again off limits.  I continued on hoping that I may get her to relax enough to change her mind. All this was  with full respect, and I would never do something against the girls wishes. 
After 10 mins or so, I was rubbing her legs and went inside her bum cheeks brushing her arsehole, she was quick to say that was also off limits, Eva was laughing as she said it so she was ok about it. So I  bombed out on my attempt to get some pussy, it was clear that it wouldn't be happening today. 
We switched spots again and she began a nice tug, bent down so I could suck her tits, they are small but I quite like them.  After a while the dam broke and  spewed out over me, good to see she didn't stop instantly today, she kept going until I was empty. 
This place needs a shower, Eva uses quite a lot of oil, last time she gave me a nice wipe down with a hot towel, but today they had no hot water! So cold wipe only. Left a bit greasier than I like. 

WIR: I might but I'll try someone else. Eva is great  and I still believe more visits could get more options from her, but at what cost? She knows she's hot and young, I get the feeling she would string me along for numerous more visits before that may even happen. She's not stupid enough to give it up easy, if at all. 
Eva also told me she hates 1hr bookings, 45 mins max. This also tells me she just wants fast easy money, more customers per day, more money in her pocket. She told me she sees between 6-8 clients a day, most taking the $70 or $100 extras. 

Mods can you please change the name of this shop to Pamper touch?  I got it wrong on the first review.


