Thread Title: Gotham City, South Melbourne VIC – (03) 9699 9269
Floor: #1
Post Time: 14th September 2019, 03:27 PM
Poster ID: ev1
Post Title: 
 Gotham City, South Melbourne VIC – (03) 9699 9269
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sofia

Establishment : Gotham City

Date of Visit : 12/09/2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 70-74 Clarke Street, South Melbourne

Phone Number: (03) 9699 9269

Hours of Business : 24 hours

Rates : $350 an hour ($100 extras)

Age : 25

Size/shape : Slim, B Cup

Nationality or Ethnicity : European

Services Provided : FS, Light Kissing

Value for money/recommend? : Value for money no, recommend no

My experience/comments :

I was hanging around in the area after a trip to Crown and thought I would give this place a try. On entry you have to pay $20 to get in and there were a few girls available.

Sofia took my attention as she was the slimmest there and had a great body with some floral tattoos on her back. She was wearing black heels, black matching bra and underwear with a garter on. She said hello and was quite nice, offered water and said her extras include everything other than DFK and Anal.

The old reception lady walks around and asks me which lady I prefer. I give Sofias name out and pay the funds and then head up into the room.

I shower and she prepares the bed and. I lay on the bed and she starts with some hand movements up and down my body moving towards a licking of the nipples. I get hard and she puts the condom on and starts sucking my dick. The blowjob wasn't too bad I did feel a bit of teeth on mouth exit. Shortly after she changes position into cowgirl which was great. She then changed to reverse cowgirl which was better and the view was amazing as you could clearly see her ass and her vagina going up and down my dick. She rode quite vigorously up and down and had good movements in this position.

Changed to missionary however she didn't like this position too much as she felt like going to the toilet every time. After two attempts, we changed to doggy which was better and shortly after I released and finished up the session. She did mention kissing but we didn't do too much of that. The missionary was a letdown as I do enjoy this position and she did spend a lot of time in cowgirl.

Overall a very attractive lady, service wasn't too bad but there were a few restrictions and she didn't seem too enthusiastic but she was ok.


