Thread Title: Green Leaves Massage - Hampton Park - 0412 271 351
Floor: #1
Post Time: 16th May 2014, 09:45 PM
Poster ID: munchkin
Post Title: 
 Green Leaves Massage - Hampton Park - 0412 271 351
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lola/ not sure

Establishment : I think its 166 Somerville Road Hampton Park, Hampton Park Shopping Centre about 4 doors up from the Commonwealth Bank

Date of Visit : 16/05/2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0412271351

Hours of Business : 10.30am to 8pm

Rates : $75 for one hour plus extras

Age : Lola is about 30 and the other girl between 25 and 30

Size/shape : 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : massge then nude tug

Value for money/recommend? : yes it was ok

My experience/comments : Called Webb Street Narre Warren to book a massage with Amanda, she was'nt working and asked for Lola and was told she was at the new shop in Hampton Park. So called there and booked a one hour massage with Lola. When I got there she told me the shop had only been open for one week. Nice set up with very private rooms and comfortable massage table. I have had a massage with Lola before and she is a great gal and gives a very nice massage, but she was reluctant to let my hands roam so I accepted her decision and opted for extras with the other girl whose name I cannot remember, sorry. She is the only other girl that works there. She came inside the room and looked ok, not spectacular, her engrish was'nt that good and she asked for $50 and I asked if she could get some clothes off. She just took them all off . She had a nice bod with perky small to medium titties which she allowed me to fondle and suck, she kept her legs together so did'nt bother about any pussy play just had a nice feel of her butt instead. Was'nt long before I exploded after not having a rub and tug for about 10 days. She cleaned me up and left the room so I could get changed then come back to collect her $50 for an exhausting 10 minutes hard work.
When I walked out Lola said I still had time left so she gave me a head, neck and shoulder massage for about 15 minutes on one of the chairs in the foyer. I probably would'nt return for the extras girl, she gave a good tug and nude for $50 is a pretty good price but when she undressed I saw some pretty ugly hairy armpits, that was a bit of a turn off. Lola told me Amanda would be working there on reception all next week so I will try and book her for a massage. All in all good fun, got the desired result and a pretty good massage for $125.

it is 2 doors up from the Kebab Shop if anyone tries looking for it.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 17th May 2014, 07:24 AM
Poster ID: huggy20
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
the other girls name is alice


Floor: #3
Post Time: 17th May 2014, 07:54 AM
Poster ID: munchkin
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
She did'nt look like an alice


Floor: #4
Post Time: 7th November 2014, 10:57 AM
Poster ID: smooth
Post Title: 
 Green Leaves Massage - Hampton Park Vic - 0412 271 351
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Helen

Establishment : Green Leaves Massage

Date of Visit : 2/11/14

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :.http://melbourne.locanto.com.au/ID_3...pton-park.html

Hours of Business :.10:30-7:30pm

Rates : 30mins / 45

Age : 40..ish

Size/shape : Slightly chubby, not too bad for her age.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Vietnamese I think

Services Provided : R&T

Value for money/recommend? : Great tug value, slightly older though.

My experience/comments :.

Feeling frisky on a Sunday so I decided to do a drop in to this shop. Easy parking out the front. Walked in to find Helen sitting at reception. Was disappointed by her age/looks - 40ish asian lady with a 6/10 body and face.. But since I was already in the shop I thought I would push on. Booked for 30 mins.

Ushered into the room and asked if I've been here before. Answered yes although I haven't - I have been to the sister shop not far away though.. She smiled and went away while I got undressed. The great thing about this shop is that it's clean with them replacing the towels after each visit.

Once she gets back she starts with a light back massage with small talk about what I do, where I live and so on. After a 5 or so minutes she starts applying a lot of oil into my ass and rubs away down there, pushing under and rubbing my little man. I lift a bit and she gives a few tugs as well. Decide to initiate the flip myself - she whispers $20 tug, $30 topless. Have a quick think if I want to see her tits and agree for topless. Glad I did.. She takes her top off - nice B cup which isn't bad for her age and some long nipples. She grabs more oil and slowly massages around the little fella and builds up slowly to the tug.. She notices me looking at her nipples and shoves them into my mouth... awesome! She reacts well to my sucking and starts to moan and grabs my little man and starts a sensual tug. After a while she starts kissing my neck and nibbling my ear while giving me a 2 hand tug until completion. Because of the build up I almost hit myself in the head! These older ladies know their stuff.

Gives a great clean up with hot towels and I leave with a smile (and a crap load of oil in my ass). Helen only works at this shop Sunday.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 21st January 2015, 06:53 PM
Poster ID: Melchior
Post Title: 
 Green Leaves Massage - Hampton Park Vic - 0412 271 351
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Joanne

 Establishment : Green Leaves Massage

 Date of Visit : 9/12/2014

 Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0412 271351 Shop 23/166 Somerville Road, Hampton Park (a few doors down from the CBA branch towards the back of the shopping center car park)

 Hours of Business :.10:30-7:30pm

 Rates : 30min $45 + $25 for the tug ($70 total)

 Age : early 40s

 Size/shape : Size 10 B cute and MILF-y in my opinion.

 Nationality or Ethnicity : PRC (Mandarin Speaking)

 Services Provided : Massage, R&T

 Value for money/recommend? : For a suburban R&T in a shopping centre, was what you'd expect. 7/10


 My experience/comments :

The need for some mischief can arise at any time. I found myself on the way back from seeing a client in Narre Warren and remembered a (now moved) review for "Natural Care Massage" (0450 201568 for those who are curious). When I walked in, a lady took a minute to appear to only tell me that they were full-up for a Tuesday evening at around 6:30pm.

She did suggest another venue close-by, handing me a business card for "Green Leaves". I called first to make sure I could book in and a short 5-10 minute drive later, I was continuing my suburban sojourn.

Walking in, two ladies in their late 30s/40s were chatting away at the front desk and Joanne was sipping from her tea from the slightly evening. Odd for December but it did keep her hands warm for the coming massage. The place is quite well-presented just like Natural Care and surprised me a bit. Maybe we've all had our fair share of dingy venues?

I was led to the first room to the right and she'd asked if I'd been there before. I mentioned (lied) that I'd been to their other venue and had always enjoyed myself there. There was a immediate relaxation in her demeanour  as I started taking off all my gear and lay on the table.

Her English wasn't the best and there were some pauses to the small talk. It was still quite friendly and she'd slip into Mandarin to finish off her sentences at times. But it was odd as her black-knee length skirt and turtleneck jumper put contrast to the awesome lightly-oiled massage and the sensual brushes against my tackle which was a sure-sign more was available. 

Experience tells me to jovially ask early-on to whether we're just delaying the inevitable as she agreed, taking off her jumper and white fitting t-shirt underneath as my hands wandered on her legs. She leaned closer with a laugh and it was a cosy way to spend the time.

All this only 5-10 minutes in.

We all know how the rest goes but skilful hands, eye contact and a soft smile does help, as one hand wandered over my chest and legs whilst the other varied its grip and speed. She kept her bra on as I draw her closer to the table with my hands wandering up and outside but not in. As my cock glistened with pre-cum, she spied it and gently exhaled/blew on it, for that wonderful sensation that for some reason got me over the line.

She helped me clean up and exchanged some small-talk to see out the 30 minutes, excusing herself after a quick kiss as I got dressed. What I heard made me chuckle, as she obviously opened the front door and the sound of children's voices were asking when she'd finish work and she would reply soon.

I was the last booking, now dressed and exiting the room as I was greeted by the smiling mamasan asking me how I'd liked it. The place was already half-dark because she wanted to go home too.

WIR? Yes but only if I were in that area again.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 21st January 2015, 07:22 PM
Poster ID: nextlif
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Green Leaves Locanto ad





			
				Come to try Japanese style massage at Hampton park - 22
The best massage you will ever have, with GREEN LEAVES MASSAGE~ Pamper yourself in the gentle touches flowing on your skin, taking you away from all the tiredness and stress. We do Japanese style relaxation, remedial and deep tissue massage. We open 7 days from 10:30am to 7:30pm 
Call us +61 412 271 351 
SHOP 23, 166 SOMERVILLE RD HAMPTON PARK ( NEAR COMMONWEALTH BANK) We looking forward seeing you~
Non-sexsual service


Floor: #7
Post Time: 22nd January 2015, 03:47 PM
Poster ID: smooth
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Kerry

Establishment : Green Leaves Massage

Date of Visit : 21/01/15

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Shop 23/166 Somerville Rd, Hampton Park

Hours of Business : 10:30-7:30pm

Rates : 30 mins / $45 + $30 tug

Age : Mid 30's

Size/shape : Average-Slim.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian

Services Provided : R&T

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : 

Driving past in the evening and thought I would drop by to see who was on. I haven't been at this shop or it's sister shop for a while so I was curious to see if things were the same.  Walked in and Kerry popped out from the back room.  I have had a massage with her before and knew she was good with a tug so booked in for 30 mins. 

It took her a minute to remember me but she did which made her relax and also meant she knew what I was in there for – no questions about extras at the end.  Looks wise she is an above average looking lady with what looks to be a tight body. She was wearing jeans and a loose white t-shirt.  Unfortunately I knew from experience that she doesn't do anything more than a tug so the clothes weren't going to come off.

On to the massage which is pretty good. She's happy to put pressure on areas that need it and worked out some knots in my lower back.  Small talk throughout – she likes to chat.

On the flip she oils my little guy up and goes straight to work.  Great tug with various techniques and a lot of light ball play. She's in no rush to get me over the line.  She keeps her distance so no touching even over the clothes.  When I do explode she slows down and milks me dry.  Then does a very thorough clean up.  

She told me she usually works Mondays but was just filling in yesterday.  I'll probably go back when I'm in the area and in the need of relief but won't go out of my way getting there.


Floor: #8
Post Time: 6th April 2015, 11:57 PM
Poster ID: Melchior
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Just for the sake of cross-referencing, this place is currently still running and trading as "Green Leaves Massage" with the same mobile number.


Floor: #9
Post Time: 9th April 2015, 05:18 PM
Poster ID: ipdaily
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Yuko/Yoko?

Establishment : 166 Somerville Road Hampton Park, Hampton Park Shopping Centre near the Commonwealth Bank

Date of Visit : 08/04/15

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0412271351

Hours of Business : 10.30am to 7:30pm

Rates : $90 for 45min plus extras

Age : mid 20's?

Size/shape : a solid 10 or a slim 12...

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : massge then tug

Value for money/recommend? : Decent

Was in the area and thought I'd give this place a shot. Walked in and booked for 45min with an attractive chubby girl called Yuko. Laid down naked and Yuko returned, started with a nice hard massage to the back and shoulders. Pretty soon she started massaging my legs and the accidental touches and brushes began, eliciting moans of pleasure from me. Lots of teasing and she got me to turn over; I didn't pop the question so she just kept teasing my pubic area with a nice soft caress. Finally asked her for a HJ and she agreed for $30. Great technique with lots of nice cockplay, this girl knows how to wank a cock. I started to touch her (clothed) but she seemed reluctant so I didn't persist. After 20min of nice solid HJ I blew my load and she proceeded to clean up with hot towel. Heard her complaining to her friends outside about how I take too long to cum - LOL. 

Overall a pleasant experience, but not something I would drive out of the way for.


Floor: #10
Post Time: 20th September 2015, 07:44 AM
Poster ID: huggy20
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : karen

Establishment : green leaves massage

Date of Visit : 19/09/15

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0412271351..166 somerville rd Hampton park..

Hours of Business : 10.30...7.30

Rates : $65 .. 45 MINS

Age : EARLY 20,S

Size/shape : 6

Nationality or Ethnicity : chinese

Services Provided :massage  hj

Value for money/recommend? : okay

My experience/comments : i have been to this shop several times, i was in the area so i tried again. walked in at 11.00 am and girl said to come back in 25 min.ok. i was shown into .. the room and karen comes in .very pretty young chinese girl ,she says to strip off and onto table,she asks if i want hard or soft , i said soft ..she used hardly any oil and just tickled me with fingers .it felt nice but no touching of anything special,her English is very good but she is a bit bitchy..this goes on for 10 mins then says flip,,i ask about extras .she said hand job only ,how much i ask, she said you have to offer..ok i said $30.. do you do topless i ask ..she said no...nothing else.she gives me a very soft gentle touch up which is nice and had a very caring technique asking what i like..i put my hand on her arm and she said no touching..she gave me a very good tug and held me to make sure i finished she seemed to loose her bitchiness a bit as it went along and gave me a caring hug at the end . i wouldn't bother returning for her. but she might be better next time.


