Thread Title: Healthland -  292C Springvale Rd, Springvale - 03 9547 7974
Floor: #1
Post Time: 23rd December 2014, 09:24 AM
Poster ID: Burger
Post Title: 
 Healthland -  292C Springvale Rd, Springvale - 03 9547 7974
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Joanna
Establishment: Healthland
Date of Visit: Dec 2014
Contact Details:
292c Springvale Road, Springvale, VIC
Ph: 03 9547 7974 
Hours: 10-8pm
Rates: 40/30min
Age: 35-45
Size/Shape: Short and Slim
Nationality: Singapore
Services Provided: R&T
Value for money/recommend? yes

My Experience:

Had a genuine punt today and visited this place for the first time. Pricing is cheap at $40 for 30min. Was happy to take whoever was available as long as their looks were to my liking. Joanna was free. She's very short and i'd say late 30's/early 40's but fairly cute and quite cheeky from the get go. She really knows her shit when it comes to remedial massage and i'll be definately coming back for that reason alone. Extras were slow and sensual and consisted for clothed HJ with touching for $30. She indicated more could be on offer in the future. She ran at least 15min over the allocated 30min.
Joanna works only Tuesdays at this shop but is available in the city.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 28th December 2014, 11:05 AM
Poster ID: donotforgive
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Healthland - 292C Springvale Rd, Springvale - 03 9547 7974
Person's Name: Julia
Establishment: Healthland
Date of Visit: Dec 26 2014
Contact Details:
292c Springvale Road, Springvale, VIC
Ph: 03 9547 7974 
Hours: 10-8pm
Rates: $60 - 60 mins
Age: 20 - 25
Size/Shape: Size 4 - 6 Slim very little boobs.
Nationality: Vietnamese
Services Provided: Massage
Value for money/recommend? OK for a massage.

My Experience:

Well was on my way way home from a BBQ when I decided to stop in front of this place. I walk in 45 mins shy of closing time, I see 2 fairly attractive Asian girls sitting down at the front of shop, they say something in Vietnamese and they giggle. Maybe they saw the convertible pull up outside and chatting about who's gonna take me as a client. The younger of the two gets up and asks how long. I reply 1 hour. She says OK and shows me to the room. At this point I'm not very impressed with the cleanliness but  thought what the hell. Cute little petite Asian chick. Let's see how this pans out. I lay flat stark nude she comes back and doesn't bother to use the towel to cover me. Thought this is not a bad sign. I wasn't too much in the mood to play as was recovering from a flu that had me down for 2 weeks. My body was tired and I was more interested in a massage. I went into this not wanting anything but a massage, anything extra would be a bonus. So she asks about strength and I say medium. She oils me up and starts giving me a pretty decent massage, she was finding and working on nots that had me real tense the previous few days, I was a little impressed as she was young and thought my massage would be ammaturish. I let her continue for bout 20mins and almost fell asleep, guess it was pretty good relaxing massage, I get around to asking some questions, she tells me she is from Vietnam from a village and is not very used to massaging men, she would only massage women in her country. I figure this might not end in a bonus today but not overly concerned. She finally tells me to flip. I flip but mini me is not at attention, he's dead to the world, wasn't really in that sort of mood, maybe cause the room was freezing, this place had cold tile floors and no heating. I was pretty cold, never less on the flip I see her take a good look at my fat flop, Mr baked didn't bother her in the slightest. Normally at this point I would start asking questions relating to extras, but I just wasn't feeling it and left it entirely up to her to make a move or ask if I wanted anything. So she starts massing my legs and thighs but stays away from the sack and pole. She continues to massage my front of body with no accidental touching of private area. I don't bother asking for extras. She finishes up and wipes me down with a hot towel. She then tells me to sit up and does a quick neck massage followed by karate chop style massage on my back. I leave happy with the massage. 

My thoughts:

If I had been in the mood I may have asked for extras and been a but more flirtatious, the girl was great at massage and sometimes its not always about extras. Part of the fun of going to massage places, is its a gamble and up to you to lay your cards right. Her lack of care to me being naked may indicate that more is on offer with her, maybe to those who make enough effort. I did not make effort what so ever on this punt except for laying there naked. The fact I didn't have a raging hard on when I did the flip may have thrown her off thinking this guy is not interested in extras. Who knows what these ML's think sometimes. She was a very cute petite Asian girl and if that's ur thing than give her a go, I'm pretty sure with some effort and enough enticement you could get at least some HR, I enjoyed the massage and I might come back some time when I'm more in the mood and see what can be achieved. 

Till next time. Happy punting.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 6th January 2015, 02:20 PM
Poster ID: caesar13
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Tina (Tina works all days except Wednesday and Thursday)

Establishment: Healthland - 292C Springvale Road

Date of Visit: 5th Jan 2015

Contact Details: 292c Springvale Road, Springvale, VIC. Ph: 03 9547 7974 

Hours: 10-8pm

Rates: 40/30min, $30 HJ.

Age: Early 20's

Size/Shape: 8-10.

Nationality: Taiwan

Services Provided: R&T

Value for money/recommend? 7/10.

My experience/comments: 

Saw a few reviews of this place in the forums, and being on holidays and a SE Suburbs man I thought I would give it a go. It's not the most secluded of places to talk into. The strip is very busy so beware if you like a discrete entrance or exit.

Anyway, I walked in and Tina was at the desk. She asked what I was after, 30 min massage please. $40, shows me to the room. The room I was in was the one at the front. It was VERY bright due to the shop having glass windows with no blinds, and a 1m gap at the top of the wall. I prefer a bit of a darker environment so this wasn't great. (Not to mention noise issues). The room itself was ok. Not the best I've seen but not the worst. Tina came in and laid out a fresh towel while I was getting undressed and then left me to it.

She came back in a few minutes later - I was face down on the bed. She started out by placing a towel over me and putting a fair bit of pressure on. After about 5 minutes the towel came off and she started with the oil massage of my back. The massage was a fair bit better than the usual oil and wipe you get at some of these places. She used a lot of force and jumped up onto the table to get leverage when required. She went nowhere near the crack, and as the massage was so good, I suspected that might be it.

She then moved onto the legs and again, pressure was great. No accidental touching of any kind. I resigned myself to having a good massage and started switching off, and next thing she was leaning over and whispering in my ear. I nodded, asked how much. She said $30 and I agreed. Massage then went from remedial to sensual, with all the attention around the crack and sack. She was reaching under and over, and using pretty much every angle she could to have a fiddle. After about 5 minutes I flipped myself. I asked he if she would kindly disrobe, and was happy to tip more but she said no, she doesn't do that. So I sat back and relaxed. The technique was pretty good. Not the best cleanup in the world. I had to ask her for the towel back so do it properly.

Also, Tina was by herself for about the first 15 min of the massage and had to go out a couple of times to answer the door. Another employee turned up a bit later though so the interruptions stopped then.

So a pretty standard, above average massage and tug in a slightly below average environment for $70. There were other rooms here though so I'd suggest if you do have a punt here you ask for one of the rooms in the back which is a bit more private.


