Thread Title: Herbal Therapy Massage, Moorabbin -  0410 093 789
Floor: #1
Post Time: 21st December 2017, 07:06 PM
Poster ID: Wollee
Post Title: 
 Herbal Therapy Massage, Moorabbin -  0410 093 789
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sasha

Establishment : Herbal Therapy Massage

Date of Visit : 15/12/2017

Contact Details/Address : 7 Central Ave Moorabbin 0410 093 789

Hours of Business : 10.00 am till 8.00 pm

Rates : $50 for 30 minutes plus extras

Age : Mid 30's

Size/shape : Tallish, Slim, Long Hair, 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese 

Services Provided : Massage and Tug

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

Was in the area and went to my old stomping ground, Station Street, to see who was working. Met at reception by Lulu. She said that she was on duty with Sugar. For those of you who don't know, Sugar is a Transexual, but presents well as a woman. I didn't feel a connection with Lulu and as Sugar was busy, I decided to go for a walk to clear my head. 

Where did I go. Straight around the corner to Central Ave. I have seen this shop many times but have never entered. Today is the day. 

Opened the door and out from the staff room comes an attractive woman, mid 30's dressed in a flowery "A line" dress, that flared out from her hips. Yep my type.

Sasha takes me to the last room on the right, financials out of the way and she leaves for me to strip, as I do.

On her return, Sasha commences a pleasant massage working my from my head, shoulders, arms and back. She does this from the head of the table. She then moves to the side of a the table and starts work on my butt, which leads to crac and sac action. I twig to this and commence a massage of my own. I caress her legs, with my fingers working up her legs to her thighs. I then switch my caresses to her inner thighs and she clamps her legs together, locking my hand at her puss.

I instigate the flip and she can see that she has aroused me to a raging boner. We now get distracted with negotiations. $30 for a tug or $50 for a nude tug. Now I desperately wanted to see her naked body, but not just for 5 minutes. Warren Buffet would say "go long time not short". Settled for $30 tug, but I had something else in mind for the next visit. She begins a soft slow tug, I have my finger at her undies and sense that they are thin and flimsy and I raise her dress to see them. They are semi transparent and as I rub her puss she gets my juices flowing. Oh yeah...she drains every drop. I collapse...I am done.

Sasha then goes to the sink, washes her hands, gets a warm towel and cleans me up. She then begins to massage the front of my thighs and legs. I ask her politely to give my head and face a massage, which she does.

During this time I made her an offer to entice me back. I offered her $50 for a nude massage from the "get go". I told her that I would massage her as a bonus. She giggled but she agreed. I hope to see her next week...yippee

I am moving dates to fit her in....


Floor: #2
Post Time: 30th December 2017, 12:24 PM
Poster ID: Wollee
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Backed up again this week as promised. 

Met Sasha as I walked in. I reminded her of our agreement and I offered the $50 door fee for 30 minutes play plus the $50 for nude from the start. She showed me to a room, disappeared, I got my kit off I sat on the table and await her return

She comes in gives lill Wol a caress as I pull her to me. Find the zip at the back of the dress and seconds later the dress has fallen to the floor. She bends over to pick it up and kisses Wol on the the way up.

She then stands in front of me and I unclipped her bra. A bit of a disappointment with B flat, but thick long nipples. She has fed children. Off with her tiny panties and this revealed a trimmed bush. The ensuing 30 minutes broken into 10/10/10 all good but as I was playing with her clit/puss, there was no moisture. I could not get her wet...I am losing it.

When it was my turn on the bench, Sasha completed the tug in a stylish fashion, bearing in mind my finger was well inserted into her puss. Her juices weren't flowing, but mine certainly did.  A good head and face massage completed the session. As I was getting dressed, I asked if we could go the next step (FS) 

She replied yes for $100 on top of time price $50 for 30. This makes it expensive remembering the session will be in a small massage room with noise restrictions...Might give it a miss......


Floor: #3
Post Time: 29th December 2018, 07:44 PM
Poster ID: Wollee
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Janice

Establishment : Herbal Therapy Massage

Date of Visit : Dec 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Central Ave Moorabbin 0410 093 789

Hours of Business : 10-8pm

Rates : $50 a 30min plus extras

Age : 30

Size/shape : Medium Build

Nationality or Ethnicity : Malaysian KL

Services Provided : Massage and Happy Ending

Value for money/recommend? : Maybe

Was in my favourite suburb and went to Station Street looking for some action. Regretfully, they were busy and was told 1 hour wait. Bugger that. Walked around the corner to Central Ave. and walked straight in. I was met by a medium built girl, dressed in a tight black skirt and a tight fitting top, with thin shoulder straps, and taken to room 2. $50 for 30. Beggars can't be choosers so I took up the option.

I strip, the woman returns and I ask her name. Janice, she replies and I ask her where she comes from. Malaysia is her reply and I tell her that I have been there and enjoyed a massage in KL. I am lying on my stomach and she gets a towel and covers my backside and legs. Ok I go with it.

Janice commences a decent massage and I am relaxed. During this, she keeps her distance so that I cannot caress her legs. As she is massaging my upper right thigh she "accidentally" passes my sac and gives it a flick with her finger. So when she does the left thigh, I raise my lower body off the table to give her better access. The accidental touch now becomes a full on caress of my nuts. Nice !!!

Time for the flip and she holds up the towel - as a modesty shield ! I am now on my back and she drapes the towel over my genitalia so she does not see anything. Oh shit...

She now commences a massage of my left leg and from calf to groin her fingers do their stuff. But UNDER the blanket.  She then makes a circular motion on my abdomen with her hands passing by my now, larger cock. Again, accidentally touching my cock with the back of her hand. Next she moves to the other side of the table and does the same. Now my turn to show interest....As she moves her hand up my thigh to my abdomen I raise my body to meet her touch. The angle of my cock is sufficient to meet her touch and she makes it obvious that she is aware of my desires. 

Time for negotiation. She asks if I want 'to be happy' and I smile. I offer $30 and she is happy. Immediately the towel is removed to reveal a strong, vibrant Cock, waiting for her fingers to do their work. 

Janice now sits down on the side of the massage table and oils up her hands and begins a tug. I ask her to slow down, giving her instruction to rub both sides of my groin and then to tease my cock. She gets the message and for the next ten minutes I am getting very happy....

As she is seated facing away from me, I raise my hands and commence to massage her bare shoulders. She responds with a moan and leans back into my hands. With her fingers on my cock, I take advantage of this and slip the thin shoulder straps off her shoulders and reach under her arms to caress her breasts. She has no where to go. I am feeling her nipples harden, she know it and increases the speed of her tug.....nipples, tug, nipples, tugggggg....I gone...Janice continues with her fingers milking me of my last drop.

Whoa....she gets up, goes to the sink and gets a warm towel to clean my up. I am spent...she then goes to the top of the table and gives me a head and face massage..all good...

Time is up...I get dressed and give her $40 for her efforts. She gives me a hug and says see you soon...I tell her that I will give her a massage next time I she her...she smiles....

As I go to leave the room, I see a handwritten sigh on A4 paper...."No sexy Massage" 

Well I never......


Floor: #4
Post Time: 5th January 2019, 06:11 PM
Poster ID: pancho
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"Immediately the towel is removed to reveal a strong, vibrant Cock,"

No room here for false modesty.😂


Floor: #5
Post Time: 8th April 2019, 05:09 PM
Poster ID: Wollee
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lily

Establishment : Herbal Therapy Massage

Date of Visit : March 2019

Contact Details/Address : 7 Central Ave Moorabbin 0410 093 789

Hours of Business : 10.00 am till 8.00 pm

Rates : $50 for 30 minutes plus extras

Age : 30

Size/shape : Medium Build.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese 

Services Provided : Massage and Tug

Value for money/recommend? : Meh

With the demise of Station Street, I ventured around the corner to visit Herbal Massage.

Entered and the rattle on the door announced my arrival. From out the back came a 30 odd year old Asian woman. Not the MILF type, but some one who could get my juices flowing. Taken to a room and accepted the obligatory $50 for 30 minutes. She left, I stripped and lay face down waiting for her to return.

Minutes later she arrives in the room, introductions out of the way. She is Lily and I am Wol. She asks what pressure and I replied medium. Lily then commences a practical massage, covering all areas. Back, legs all got a rub down, but there was little or no TT. I asked her to concentrate on my lower back, which did. However this did not lead to any hanky panky. 

Lily then asked me to flip and I did. I was as limp as a wet lettuce, which was quite obvious. Lily then offers her menu. Huh...$50 tug, $80 topless and $100 nude. I declined all offers saying 1) your prices are to expensive and 2) I don't pay for 10 minutes of nudity for $100. 

Lily then started a massage of my chest, concentrating on my nipples and lower abdomen. She again raised the pricing issue to which I said I would pay $30 for a tug and no more. She then said ok, but money first. Huh...mood spoiler. Off the table into the pocket, gave her the cash then back on the table. 

As soon as I lay back down, Lily made a be line to my flaccid cock and started to jackhammer. Whoa girl. Stop...I asked her to take her time and slowly get me hard. I showed her what to do and she eventually got me rigid. I started to caress her breasts, over her clothes and she rebuked me for that. Ok. Have it your way, I closed my eyes, thought of England and let her try to get me over the line. It took time, she was nearly worn out but Wol finally gave up his juices...

Lily then cleaned me up and I asked for a face and head massage. Error. She tried to gouge my temples and eyes. Saved ....by the front door rattle. I said thanks and she went out to meet the new punter.  She returned and as I was dressed she showed me back door and I exited via the lane way.

Next time I plan to go there I will ring to see who is working....I will not see Lily again.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 10th April 2019, 11:26 AM
Poster ID: Alternate 75
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
This wonderful institution at 6 Central avenue Moorabbin - 50 metres from station - has got the declared brothel sign on it.  Interestingly there is a sign on the door that says we only do massage now!  I think they must have used the same defence in court!!


Floor: #7
Post Time: 11th April 2019, 05:10 PM
Poster ID: Wollee
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by Alternate 75


This wonderful institution at 6 Central avenue Moorabbin - 50 metres from station - has got the declared brothel sign on it.  Interestingly there is a sign on the door that says we only do massage now!  I think they must have used the same defence in court!
"""




Well it looks as though Atlernate 75 has got in before me.

However, as I had already penned the following, I will post anyway.

It has happened again.......

I was in the area looking at the signage relative to the train line shut down and bus services, and decided to have a punt. With Station Street closed down, I wandered to Central Ave. 

Now I did say that If I returned to this address I would not see Lily. So I walk down the street and......

"What the hell"....

White Paper sign on the door:-

Notice of Proscribed Brothel Declaration

"On the  3rd April 2019, the Moorabbin Magistrates' Court Declared that the Premises at 7 Central Avenue Moorabbin to be  Proscribed Brothel under Section 80 (1) of the Sex Work Act 1994".

It is an offence for any person-

* Unless for a lawful purpose, to be found in, entering or leaving these premises
* To cover, remove, deface or destroy this notice, and, 
* Being the occupier to use these premises as a Brothel.

Penalty $6000 ($12000) for the occupier) or 12 months imprisonment.

All enquires to the City of Kingston Planning Department on 9581 4131.

So.... I then notice the flashing neon sign 'Massage Open' ...So what do I do now....I decided to ring the advertised phone number 0410 093 789 not expecting anybody to answer. Whoa....the phone answers and the conversation goes like this....

Me.....Hello, are you open
Her.....Yes, you come today
Me......But there is a sign on the door about the shop being a brothel. I don't want to get into trouble.
Her .....No problem, you come in and I lock the door
Me .....But what about Police or Council see me come in or leave
Her ....No problem, you can leave by the back door...

Ok, I said, with no intention of entering.

Me....Who is working today
Her... My name is Lily.

Another reason not to enter.

What did stagger me was that she totally disregarded the notice on the door and was trying to entice a punter to do the same...

Ah well......time to forget Moorabbin and move on to another suburb...????

And no...I am not Mr Plod nor a Council Inspector....but within 2 weeks of a review of both Moorabbin shops, they get Front Door Noted....scary.....


Floor: #8
Post Time: 11th April 2019, 05:21 PM
Poster ID: nextlif
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
You might be bad luck Wol...


Floor: #9
Post Time: 12th April 2019, 12:29 AM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by nextlife


You might be bad luck Wol..
"""



The temptation to enter these proscribed brothels is strong, , but if u are caught in these places, u are in huge trouble.


