Thread Title: Herbal Massage - 1221 Glenhuntly Rd Glenhuntly - 0477 692 525
Floor: #1
Post Time: 5th April 2018, 05:47 PM
Poster ID: Sandman73wick
Post Title: 
 Herbal Massage - 1221 Glenhuntly Rd Glenhuntly - 0477 692 525
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Tina

Establishment : Herbal Massage 

Date of Visit : 5/3/2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 1221 Glenhuntly Rd Glenhuntly 0477692525 or 9571 3335

http://melbourne.locanto.com.au/ID_1...l-Massage.html

Hours of Business : 7 days 10am - 8pm

Rates : $70 hr + $50

Age : 30 ish

Size/shape : short about a size 8 ample bust nice legs and arse

Nationality or Ethnicity : PRC

Services Provided : massage + topless HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : 

Finished work early today thought I might sample this new site on way home taking one for the team to see whats on offer.

This shop is right out front of tram stop on cnr of Glenhuntly & Grange Road couple of doors down from subway might be a little awkward during peak hr traffic and there is plenty of 2h parking around the back across from 7-11.  

Walked in with no booking as if it were a no go I would have walked & come back another time.  Upon entering Tina was sitting behind the with her ample cleavage on display she would be in her early to mid thirties I reckon.  She had a hint of elegance compared to other ML and her looks were above average IMHO.  She stands up to meet me and take the money she is wearing a tidy little black skirt showing off her legs which are complimented by high heels. All this now makes me forget about her poor English.

I am lead down the hall to second room, this place is very small with 2 rooms only separated by paper thin walls with no roof only a curtain slung over the roof. The room is quite small with a foldout small table  plastic chair cupboard & sink with everything looking is fresh. I get naked up on the table tucking the old snag between my legs offering invitation to have a play with. Didn't overcook the oil just using enough to give the massage some fluidity.

Her overall massage technique was of a good quality rate 7/10, plenty of attention to whole body and leg which shows her massage skills & experience however not very much sack n crack play but there were enough brushes of my cock and balls to build up the suspense.  Following completion of back & legs she took a warm towel wiped off oil, wiped down with a dry towel, then before the flip she sensually run her nails up and my legs, back and between my cheeks which was rather erotic and stimulating.

On the flip she continues her massage of my legs even with my erect mate bobbing about Tina then putting pressure on my groins brushing my man bits making me even harder.  She then makes eye contact for the first time to offer extras, was all pretty expensive wanted $80 topless HJ, $120 nude, $150 bodyslide. So I go for topless but got her down to $50 as I wanted to get a look at her ample bust.  She removes her dress revealing matching black bra & panties, then off with the bra to release her puppies. She let me touch her lovely breasts tweaking her nipples as she caressed my cock & balls only using the oil from her hands as I asked not to be drowned in oil.  She was delicate and attentive to my moans and movement slowly bringing me to my climax as I began to . As she jerked me I emptied a large amount of cum to her surprise but true to an experienced ML she got every last drop and made sure I was satisfied.  I must say I dislike those girls who grip it & rip it versus those lovelies who really get you off with quality hand skills and fing the older the Ml the better the HJ.

Her overall body would be a 7/10, slight little pot belly which is overlooked once you start fondling her tits and groping her arse.  Not sure if anything more is on offer but might find out over time. Tina works Wed-Thur-Sat-Sun.


They advertise younger ladies and the lass servicing the bloke next door sounded very young and I think I heard her say 22. I managed to catch a quick glimpse of her as I left and confirm she did looked younger and very attractive.

YMMV but I will return for follow up tasting.

Happy Punting


Floor: #2
Post Time: 6th April 2018, 12:09 AM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
80 topless wow.  I hope this is not Tina the girl we all know so well from M & J shinning hands, the exorcist Tina.  She has worked in Hughesdale recently, she would not charge those prices hmmmm


Floor: #3
Post Time: 6th April 2018, 12:46 AM
Poster ID: Sandman73wick
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Yeah nearly knocked me off the table when I heard the rates. not sure if she was trying to take the Mickey out of me so when I go back it'll be on her off day to see another ML. Never been to hughesdale so can't say if it is or isn't the infamous Tina, might have check out some reviews to see if any familiarity's


Floor: #4
Post Time: 21st April 2018, 10:30 AM
Poster ID: Sandman73wick
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Candy

Establishment : Herbal Massage 

Date of Visit : 15/4/2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 1221 Glenhuntly Road Glenhuntly 0477692525

Hours of Business : 7 days. 10am - 8pm 

Rates : $70 hr + $70

Age : 22

Size/shape : 8 nice shape & figure beautiful full C cups long straight black hair cheeky smile

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Nude Massage & HJ 

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : 

Went back to see if any younger talent on offer at this MP, and delighted to advise on this day Candy who is extremely cute IMHO showing just enough cleavage to get your attention & another young ML was on duty.  Was lucky enough to score Candy who was my preference of the two, she was wearing a figure showing black mini skirt dress with platform high heels who looked more like going out on the town versus a massage therapist.

Was lead into same room as last time after paying for my hour and getting my loyalty card stamped to get undressed for Candy return. When she came in I asked what else on todays menu she said $100 nude massage with HE I managed to get her down to $70 if she done the entire massage naked with touching which she agreed to.  She locked the door & began to get undressed giving me a little show to get me further aroused.  Underneath she was wearing matching black quality see thru bra & panties which all came off displaying her beautiful young body, trimmed young bush with her long straight jet black hair stretching all the way down her back to her gorgeous arse, just covering a tattoo she has on her left shoulder.  Satisfied in what I had seen I lay flat tucking my semi hard prick between my legs to show my delight, she checks out my tattoos on my back joking over one of them which is hand on my shoulder blade bit of an ice breaker.

She started by standing at my head leaning over me dangling her ample tits onto my head & neck as she began massaging my back, I was able to caress her thighs and arse peaking at her fruit wishing to get a taste. Candy's  massage skills weren't too bad from someone so young, just enough oil to help the flow of her strokes, you can tell she has had some training as unlike some ML's there was consistency, focus & flow to her massage, not just kneeding & rubbing drowned in oil. She was thorough in her massage giving both legs a really good going over before progressing to the tease before the flip.  Once she had given my tackle a good teasing to she commenced further sensual teasing of my back, sides and bum with her long slender finger nails getting me even more excited.

I flipped over revealing my excitement she continues with massage to both my legs delaying the HE through stealthily  teasing with my balks & shaft with delicate Innocent brushing & touching whilst responding to my sounds and movement.  As I gently caressed her breasts and arse, she even manoeuvred her body to allow me better view of her snatch as she commenced the HJ.  Candy was soft & gentle in her touch really gave my balls a good seeing to before commencing massaging my now fully erect cock that was dripping with pre cum ready to release a full load.  The only downside was each time I caressed her inner thighs and went touch her magic garden she would pull back a little.  Her twisting & jerking strokes was pleasing to watch as was the eye contact and smiling as she worked her youthful magic. I could have watched her all day but my sperm wanted out and she began stroking faster after I told her to go a bit faster. As she upped the tempo I cupped her arse with some pressure to signal I was about to come and in no time she was jerking me empty with cum flying upwards at a rapid rate from the first release which didn't phase her she keep stroking until I stopped moaning continuing to smile innocently.

She gave the obligatory cleanup making sure I was free from oil & jiz. We got dressed together chatting and exchanging numbers, I was still hard as I got dressed and she cheekily gave me few sly strokes after pulling up her panties and then bent down to blow a kiss on my cock once tucked in my boxers.  I helped her with her bra & dress zipping her up giving her a hug from behind pulling back her hair to whisper in her ear how sexy she was and that I liked her (more flies with honey). She responded by turning & allowing me to kiss seductively her but no DFK, I gave her the $$$ another quick hug and off I went fully satisfied.

Candy's English isn't very good, but she is studying here & works weekends and some free days, not sure if she offers any more but I might pay her a visit again to see if she will give some more extras to see if she is $$$ hungry like some. 

Overall enjoyed this experience with Candy today & I will return.  

We have exchanged texts this week which she initiated so looking forward to my next session.

Happy Punting


Floor: #5
Post Time: 23rd April 2018, 01:42 AM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Mia

Establishment : Herbal Massage 

Date of Visit :   Sunday 23/4/2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 1221 Glenhuntly Road Glenhuntly 0477692525

Hours of Business : 7 days. 10am - 8pm 

Rates : $50 30 mins plus 20 extra

Age : 23

Size/shape : Size 8 c-cups

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Mutual massage

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : Thought i would check this place out.  The asian guy, with the glasses and grey ponytailed hair style, who runs the new massage shop in Murrumbeena on  442 Neerim rd, was here, so he is muscling in on the industry with 2 shops.  Tina was on reception wearing a white coat, and i thought she was ok, but i saw a girl walk from reception wearing a short blue denim skirt, and a grey t-shirt, her name was Mia, she was also wearing gold high platform heels, attractive enough face with red lippy and a bob style haircut.  I liked the outfit indeed.

I told the cool asian dude, i will be back and he suggested the 7/11 around the cnr.  I was placed in the 2nd room, where u could hear Tina and boss talking.  Mia started by massaging the back with oil, and leaning over and rubbing her c-cup tits over my head through her t-shirt.  I had plans to massage her, and was working out my spiel as she did her work.  At this stage we could hear a girl walk in and ask for a massage.  I told Mia we must be quiet, and she laughed and told me not to worry.

Mia was giving off a bit of a fun personality as she continued to massage, doing soft massage with light amount of oil around the ass crack region.  I offered to massage her, and she intially wanted 50 but i got her down to 20, as long as i only massaged her legs.   At this stage we could hear the girl in the next room being worked on by Tina, " do u want me to remove my undies or keep them on".  It was a real turn on hearing this, and i lean't over to Mia who was lying on her guts awaiting my magic hands, and told her" these shops are not really designed for women", and Mia laughed saying " they should really go to shopping centre's".   Looking at how Mia was dressed, a women should be able to work out what is going on here.

Mia told me to use aloe vera cream instead of oil, and i squirted a lot on her legs, and gave her legs a nice massage.  Her Denim skirt was very short, and u could see her ass crack, it appeared she was wearing no undies, and i actually touched her in that area, but it was a black g-string.   I continued massaging her legs, and i noticed a massive tattoo on her side thigh, and then i lost a little of my desire for her to be honest.  We finished the session with a front leg massage.  Mia was a lot of fun, i really just wanted to check out the talent here, but got a little seduced by her.  The room next door went very quiet after the last question from the female customer,  hmmmm.   Knowing who owns this shop now, i may not return, not a big fan of the ponytailed manager,


Floor: #6
Post Time: 19th March 2019, 03:51 PM
Poster ID: Wollee
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Alice

Establishment : Herbal Massage

Date of Visit : Feb 2019

Contact Details/Address : 1221 Glenhuntly Rd Glenhuntly 0477 69 25 25 or 9751 3335     herbalin1221@gmail.com

Hours of Business : 10.00 am till 8.00 pm

Rates : $50 for 30 minutes plus extras...Loyalty Card $10 off after 5th Massage

Age : 28 y/o 

Size/shape : Medium Build, Tight fitting dress, Large Breasts

Nationality or Ethnicity : Korean

Services Provided : Massage 

Value for money/recommend? : Meh

It was a hot day and I wanted some relief...from the heat !! Saw a shop in Glenhuntly Rd near Grange Rd, and thought it will be cooler in there.....he heheh

Entered and was met by a youngish woman dressed to excite. Tight dress, large breasts straining to get out. Here we go.

She took me to a room and agreed to $50 for 30 minutes. She left, I stripped and lie on the bench. She returns and I ask her name and she replies Alice. Good introductions out of the way.

Alice commences a massage, but I felt, with not much enthusiasm. Not much chat apart from me interrogating her. How long have you been in Aust, 6 months, are you studying, yes English....da da da. I give it a rest and she keeps rubbing the oil back and forth...

On the flip she offers her menu. She wanted $50 for a handy, $80 topless and $100 for nude. I tell her she is to expensive and offer $30 for HE. She didn't reply immediately, but then raised her offer to $50 including touching over clothes. I told her don't worry about it, just finish the massage. She then said ok, but only this time.

She oiled up the sleeping giant and he slowly woke. I went to caress her bum, over her clothes, but was shunned away. Ok, I lay back, hands behind my head and let her do her work. It took a while, (longer than she anticipated) but finally, a good drop was shot into the air. Alice then washed me down with a hot towel and left me to get dressed.

On my way out, she hands me a frequent flyer card. $10 off after the 5th massage. Er...not for me.

But thanks 

After looking at pervious posts hereunder, I might just have to return......we will see....Tina ?


