Thread Title: Inkerman Street St Kilda - 0450 858 759
Floor: #1
Post Time: 5th June 2020, 08:04 AM
Poster ID: pancho
Post Title: 
 Inkerman Street St Kilda - 0450 858 759
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Emily

Establishment : MASSAGE OPEN signs flashing

Date of Visit : 05/06/2020

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Inkerman Street St Kilda Viictoria. No name, no advertising , to the best of my knowledge. Located next door to The Inkerman Hotel. Sticks out like dogs balls.

Phone : 0450 858 759

Hours of Business : 10am - 8pm maybe later

Rates : $50.00 for 30 mins plus negotiated extras

Age : Guessing late twenties

Size/shape : Slim medium body, nice small to medium tits, prominent nipples, nice enough face.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Hong Kong

Services Provided : RnT

Value for money/recommend? : No, not for me. But as always YMMV.

My experience/comments :
On Wednesday I tried a newish joint near The Inkerman pub. This would have to be the worst positioned AMP, if a walk of shame is a deterrent to you. 

Pre COVID, a large crowd of Piss Pots, wearing flouro tops and work boots, usually enjoy a smoke on the footpath outside the pub. Daytime, next door on the other side, young mums show off their piss flaps in gym gear, as they sit at outside tables slurping the froth off cappuccinos. This massage place will very quickly need to create a back entrance from the rear lane.


It was about 7pm, I was her second (and last) customer since opening at 10am. This was her first day here. "Oh where else have you worked ?" I asked. "Everywhere" was her somewhat non specific reply. 


She wiped my hands with sanitiser before the massage, otherwise no other COVID protocols.


I asked for a soft massage. She enquired "Soft ? you mean very soft ?"..  Ohh yes please.


She went straight for the buttocks. Light butterfly finger tips all over the good bits for about 10 minutes. "Turn over please". I was not hard at this stage. I hate this ping pong negotiating bullshit. We settled on a topless tug at $50.00. 




$50.00 entrance fee, plus $50 for tits out tug. I declined her offer of oral for an additional $50.00. She claimed to be on the rags, so she justified keeping her pants on. She definitely did not want her tits sucked. FMD she might as well have popped them back in. 


The whole session was at best average. The tug was nothing to write home about. She tried hard enough, but clearly just not into it. She even tried a bit of fake heavy breathing. 


Emily is a pleasant girl, and scrubs up ok, but we just did not float each other's boats. 


WIR? no


