Thread Title: Jade Therapy - Lvl 1, 136-138 Martin St, Brighton - 03 9530 8828
Floor: #1
Post Time: 13th May 2013, 03:22 PM
Poster ID: whiteywhite
Post Title: 
 Jade Therapy - Lvl 1, 136-138 Martin St, Brighton - 03 9530 8828
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lilly

Establishment : Jade Therapy

Date of Visit : 13/5/11

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Lvl 1, 136-138 Martin St Brighton

Hours of Business : 11-8pm

Rates : $70 per hour

Age : 30

Size/shape : Tall, size 6

Nationality or Ethnicity : PRC

Services Provided : RnT

Value for money/recommend? : No

My experience/comments : I'd seen this place advertised on Locanto a few times. Was in the area, so thought I'd check it out. The locanto add had the usual clues, but the signage outside of the place looked almost legit from a distance. You have to go up a set of stairs, and when I saw the flashing LED "open" sign, I was pretty sure I was in luck. Walked in an there was about 4 girls sitting around, but I only saw two rooms. Again, the place was kind of a bit weird. It was darkly light, and the girls sitting around looked dodgy, but there were beauty product posters and what looked like an IPL machine, so I was a bit confused. Paid for a massage, and was taken to one of the rooms with Lilly. These rooms are the real problem - they are really badly sound insulated from the front area, and with no lock on the door it just felt like someone was going to walk in at any moment. All conversations had to be whispered.

The massage started, and was quite average to be honest. Certainly nothing to write home about. But then Lilly went into light teasing massage, and I knew it was on. I asked what was on offer and she responded by asking me to flip. I gave the universal sign, and after some bargaining and $30 later, was all good to go. 

Now I should mention here that Lilly is quite a looker. Tall, good legs, tiny ass and waist, decent C cups, she certainly is good looking enough that you'd try to chat her up in a bar. She let me have a bit of a feel around, and so I asked about other services. She whispered that sometimes, but "not here". In fact, in reflection she kept the whole thing very quiet and secretive. It's like she was definately trying to make sure the mamasan didn't know what was going on. Even taking the tissues out of the box she was super quiet.

But when I left the mamsan looked dodgy as hell. Maybe the tips here have to be shared around a little, and she was trying to pretend it never happened so she could keep it? She said the place was really quiet and they had hardly any customers. She also said she was new, so I get the feeling she isn't long for this place.

Would I see her again? Yes. Would I go back to that place though? No.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 8th January 2014, 12:17 PM
Poster ID: Gtrain17
Post Title: 
 Jade Therapy - Lvl 1, 136-138 Martin St, Brighton - 03 9530 8828
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Tayla

Establishment : Jade Therapy

Date of Visit : 19/12/13 

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 136-138 Martin St Brighton Vic (Opposite Gardenvale Train Station)
Easy Parking. 03 9530 8828 

Hours of Business : 10am till late

Rates : $80 an hour

Age : Around 22 

Size/shape : C cup, Nice Body

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : Massage Lomi Lomi with Happy Ending, also does topless and Nude

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments :

Like to try new place all the time so tjought I would try this place being in the leafy bayside suburbs, got shown to a nice big room. She oil up the table and gave me a fantastic massage, I asked her what extras she offered and told me HJ/Topeless or Nude. Nude was an extra $80 but well worth it.

Once I turned from back to my fron she stripped off, fantastic body. She continued to massage but this time there was light teasing. Towrads the end of the hour she concentrated on the downstairs area and I found she new what she was doing. Finshed me of the cleaned me up and had a shower.

Will be going back for sure :-)


