Thread Title: Julie - East Bentleigh - 0421 771 848
Floor: #1
Post Time: 1st August 2017, 03:13 PM
Poster ID: Wollee
Post Title: 
 Julie - East Bentleigh - 0421 771 848
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Julie

Establishment : East Bentleigh Massage 163C East Boundary Rd 

Date of Visit : 28 July 2017

Contact Details/Address : 0412 771 848

Hours of Business : 10.00 am till 8.00 pm

Rates : $50 for 30 minutes plus extras as detailed

Age : Mid 30's

Size/shape : Medium Build, Large Breasts or Well Padded Bra

Nationality or Ethnicity : Vietnamese

Services Provided : Clothed Tug

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

Was in East Bentleigh for business and saw the proverbial flashing 'massage' sign. Have not seen this shop before so I thought I would investigate. Entered and a woman appeared from the first room on the right. She was slim dressed in a tight pair of jeans with a white top. The top accentuated her large breasts. The sign above reception had the price structure and I opted for 30 minutes at $50. Got shown to room 1, she left, I striped and got onto the table.

Julie returned and commenced her work, during which, we had a conversation in relation to the shop. It has been open 3 weeks and will close in another 3 weeks. The boss lady will turn the shop into a Beauty Parlour with no massage service. (After I left I noticed the shop awning was sign written - 'Hair no more laser and beauty clinic')

Julie told me that business was poor, with her having an average of 3 clients per day. She said Too Many Shop, but I digress. The massage was average. As she was rubbing me I was stroking her legs, but with jeans on I had no contact with her skin. She kept away from me, moving around the table. I was getting more frustrated than horny. She cleaned the oil from my back and told me to flip. I did and she went straight for my limp cock. You want she said and I said how much. Her immediate response was $50. I laughed and said no. Too much. She kept stroking me, and I was starting to get harder. But not at $50. I offered $30. She wasn't happy but got the oil bottle and drizzled oil down my hardening cock. She then got her revenge and began to jackhammer me into submission. I asked her to slow down and began to rub her breasts. She stopped her activity and said more money. I gave up and put my hands under my head. She restarted her tugging and finally got me to shoot. She then said " You happy now". 

Julie then gave me the tissues to clean myself up.

As I had some time left, I asked for a head and face massage. As she did this, I told her that maybe her prices were to high. She replied $30-Tug, $50-Touching Over Clothes, $70-Topless Tug and $100 was for Nude Tug. These prices are on top of the relevant time prices, in my case $50 for 30 min. I asked her why she initially quoted $50 and she said she needed the money. I told her that she was too expensive when compared to a session in a brothel for 30 minutes Nude FS $120. She then said " I do not sell my body to everyone"  and you just Cheap Charlie......Yeah well !! What will be...Wol....be

I called time, got dressed and said thanks. Too many shops....no....To greedy....yes....till next time...Not...


Floor: #2
Post Time: 1st August 2017, 08:05 PM
Poster ID: foreman
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Then they wonder why business is quiet! My last massage experience was similar. But only $55 hr for a crap massage!


Floor: #3
Post Time: 3rd October 2017, 08:36 AM
Poster ID: Wollee
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
As I posted, this shop is now solely offering Beauty Treatments to the fairer sex.

Laser and Beauty Concept offering Eyebrow Threading/Tinting/Brazilian Waxing/Hair Removal.

The business is being run by two Indian women.

Good luck to them.


