Thread Title: La Moon Thai Massage - Caulfield North - 8589 8095
Floor: #1
Post Time: 8th March 2018, 11:44 AM
Poster ID: Sandman73wick
Post Title: 
 La Moon Thai Massage - Caulfield North - 8589 8095
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Didn't Ask (sorry)

Establishment : La Moon Thai 

Date of Visit : 3/3/2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :166b Hawthorn Road Caulfield North - 8589 8093 http://melbourne357.wixsite.com/lamoonthaimassage

Hours of Business : 10am - 9pm

Rates : $75

Age : 25ish

Size/shape : 6 good body hidden underneath all those clothes 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Masage Only

Value for money/recommend? : Massage Yes 

My experience/comments : 

After getting a haircut I thought I might opt for a RNT and I had seen this shop on my visit to another establishment close by even if I couldn't recall any reviews on this one so thought I would TOFFT.

Walk in no booking, young cute looking lady sitting at a desk dressed in uniform welcomed me and asked how she could help enquired about 1 hr she said yep $75 took my cash gave me a card for future visits. This should have made me twig but I thought well this might be a front so went through.  She took me to the first room on the left appears to be three other rooms in here, she got out towels and modesty cloth and told me leave on underwear, now my suspicions where confirmed.

She returned shortly after and commence her massage which she was very competent at ended up being a quality legit Thai massage which I did enjoy. Didn't go high up the legs or move my boxers up to get access whilst lying flat on my face so I thought it might turn for the better on the flip.  I could hear someone in the room next to me getting a massage that sounded a little erotic with soft whispering from which sounded male.  My ears and mind pricked when I heard the masseuse next door say sorry and the man reply, it might change I thought.  Anyhow nothing changed with the flip even with my prominent erection and my subtle thrusting upwards when she was high up in my groin.  I ended up getting a good quality massage and blue balls TOFTT.

WIR only for a massage unless another punter has had some luck in future then I might go back.

Shop was very well kept clean tidy towels soft massage table a bit small and room I went in was quite small but would give this a 8.5/10 for appearance.

Strike One!

Happy Punting.


