Thread Title: Leonard Ave, Noble Park - 9546 5237
Floor: #1
Post Time: 19th July 2017, 08:51 AM
Poster ID: robot
Post Title: 
 Leonard Ave, Noble Park - 9546 5237
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Nicole 

Establishment : Massage shop in Noble park 

Date of Visit : 18/7/17 

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 1C Leonard Avenue Noble park, 95465237 

Hours of Business : 10-9pm 

Rates : 30min / $40 

Age : Around 40 

Size/shape : Chubby 

Nationality or Ethnicity : PRC 

Services Provided : Massage with declined tug 

Value for money/recommend? : No 

My experience/comments : 

In the area and did a quick search of locanto. Add for a new shop with pretty young girls came up so I thought I would check it out hoping a new shop would provide some decent service to get business going. Easy parking out front and walked into the shop. 

Nicole rushes from the back - no reception just a room at the front and I think a couple more further on in. Nicole is a solid lady, not young but still an ok face. Shows me to the first room of the shop. Simple standard layout of any cheap massage shop. She comes in after I nude up and starts the massage. 

I try to get some chit chat going to suss out who else works at this shop to see if it would be worth a return but communication was difficult. I did hear a couple of ladies walk in later on and talk out the back but didn't get to see them as I left. 

Massage was really good, she knows what she's doing and got to some of my sore points so at least it wasn't a complete waste of time. On the flip she asks if I want extras and I say sure. She asks for $50 straight out for a clothes tug with touching. I have a giggle and say no way. I didn't want to touch her up and for that price I could get it from a young hottie in a much better shop. She says $30 for a tug without touching and I decline again. I say $20 but she says the standand is $30. I say just a massage today then. I'm surprised she didn't budge! 

She finished off the massage and sent me on my way. Unsure why their extras are so high for the area, maybe no competion? I won't be back in a hurry. 

Sorry I didn't get the actual name of the massage shop and I can't find anything on the net.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 14th September 2018, 04:51 PM
Poster ID: happyending
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Saw that they have a brothal notice on the front door


