Floor: #1
Post Time: 5th January 2019, 11:41 AM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: 
 Level 1/6 Station st Oakleigh - 0404 861 983
				
Post Content: 
Just doing some shopping in the area and noticed the flashing signs.  Seems to be open till 9pm unlike most shops now. It is at the closer end to Atherton rd, so likely unseen by Forever young massage down near the roundabout. But most likely hated by the massage shop at 15 Station st.   Here is there add.  Looking at the model on the window, seems to be Chinese run at a guess

https://melbourne.locanto.com.au/ID_...-Oakleigh.html


Floor: #2
Post Time: 12th January 2019, 11:35 AM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Popped in just for a look this morning. Curious about layout and age of girls etc, so as to convey to members, who are not done with these shops.  Girl on reception had a pink and white skirt, she claimed to be Japanese maybe 27, other girl longer dress maybe same age, but Chinese.  Girls not overly standouts. Japanese girl seemed a bit edgy with more questions,and had a bit of an attitude, then i left.  Lovely interior being a new shop, nice atmosphere, with a couch if punters need to wait for there massage lady.   When u climb the stairs there is another door before u enter.  Good luck.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 11th August 2019, 02:16 PM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Yuki

Establishment : Massage

Date of Visit : 11/8/2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Level 1/6 Station st Oakleigh

Phone :0404861983

Hours of Business : 10am till 9pm

Rates : 50 for half plus 30 mutual massage

Age : 25

Size/shape : Size 7 5 foot 6 A-cups at a guess.  Long black hair tied back with hair hanging down both sides of face.

Nationality or Ethnicity : China

Services Provided : Mutual massage bit of fondling

Value for money/recommend? : Nice session

My experience/comments :This shop is simply called MASSAGE

Headed to Forever young to see if Wendy has returned, but there shop appears to be closed for a period of time. Popped up here mainly just to take a look, and met 2 girls, the younger Yuki, wearing an old fashioned pink dress and open nike tracksuit top.  She was very olived skinned and had some appeal there, and i though i might have a relaxing massage before a brothel visit later on.  The atmosphere in this shop is quite good.  The room was nothing special just your usual office room turned into a massage room.  The window had green blinds which were not in the best condition.  Perfect lighting though.

Yuki was wearing red lipstick and appeared a little shy as she did a medium massage at the head of the table, leaning over to make sure my ass cheeks were not missed. Looked through the hole in the table, to find her wearing cute black slippers.  I asked her nationality and age and that got us going a bit. After 5 mins of back she then massaged the legs. The oil really sunk into the body quite quickly.  Her dress was a once piece that was short enough, her open tracksuit showed off a blue bra through the open part of the top of her dress.

There was no real teasing. I asked if i could massage her and she was ok with that, gave her 30.On her stomach,nice olive skinned legs, lovely see through pink knickers, unfortunately and it happens a lot a visible tampon.  I turned her over and noticed some hair above her knickers, indicating maybe Yuki has a hairy puss .  Gave her legs a good going over. At this stage she was a lot more talkative and she has a nice sense of humor.  Returned to her massaging my front legs and belly, really warm hands she has, with a bit of finger playing with penis, told her i was ok with no jerking.   Turned me over for a quick rub down with luke warm water, and a towel to heat me back up again.

Yuki is a nice girl, she has one of those looks where she would appeal to some men and others would not be interested. She has a look that could have me interested in seeing her again. After the re clothing and goodbye's, took a card from the front desk where a mid 30's male manager was now sitting.  Yuki works Sundays.


