Thread Title: Lisa - Ascend Massage, Narre Warren - 0449 919 355
Floor: #1
Post Time: 29th January 2017, 08:26 AM
Poster ID: huggy20
Post Title: 
 Lisa - Ascend Massage, Narre Warren - 0449 919 355
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name :Lisa

Establishment : ascend massage 

Date of Visit : 27/01/17

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0449919355..5/6 rebound crt Narre warren

Hours of Business : 10.30-2000

Rates : $75 1hour

Age : 30

Size/shape : about size 8

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian

Services Provided : massage hj

Value for money/recommend? : good

My experience/comments : this is a new shop in NarreWarren behind the supermarket in a square of shops with two other Thai massage places both legit i think..i got there just after opening time only one girl there ,Lisa so i payed with a card for i hour and went into nice freshly painted room ,Lisa came back and asked if i want oil or not so i opt for no oil,just soft massage.she has a short dress on and very sexy legs ,she gives me a uninteresting back and leg rub only just reaching the top of my thighs ,no accidental brushes,after about 30 mins she says turn over and starts rubbing the front with a few cheesey smiles,so i ask about extras and she says $50 topless so agree and she strips to nice sexy knickers and gives me a nice oily hand job ,doesn't mind me touching her anywhere which gets me done. nice friendly girl and seems well run shop..there.s another shop around the corner which is well run too,so we have a good choice here now. this shop is in the corner of the square bit hard to find at first .cheers


Floor: #2
Post Time: 19th April 2017, 11:50 AM
Poster ID: robot
Post Title: 
 Ascend Massage - Narre Warren, VIC - 0449 919 355
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Terry 
Establishment : Ascend Massage 
Date of Visit : 14/4/17 
Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 5/6 Rebound Ct, Narre Warren - 0449 919 355 
Hours of Business : 10.30am - 8pm
Rates : 30min / $45 
Age : Late 20's 
Size/shape : Slim 
Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian 
Services Provided : R&T 
Value for money/recommend? : Yes, unless she was a TS, then no unless you're into TS, then yes. 

My experience/comments : Visiting friends on good Friday and needed some relief before hand. I saw this shop a while ago and thought I would give it a go. Walked in and a average looking lady with stocky body walks from the back. Although the other shop is a few minutes away I was short of time so thought I would go for a 30 minute trial. She takes my money and walks me to the last room at the end of the hall. Room is a standard dimly lit R&T room but decent size with nice music playing in the background. 

I nude up and wait a couple of minutes. I thought it was the same lady but while turning around for a chat they've switched up for another lady. Looks much better with a slim and nice body which blonde dyed long hair. Wearing a tight top and short shorts. She begins the massage which was really good. Getting out some tight spots in my back and legs. Brushes her legs up against my arms and happy to let me give them a rub while I'm still on my stomach. 

On the flip she covers me up and starts massage. Looks at me and gives me and gives me a cheeky smile. I ask if she does extra's and immediately she whips off the towel and oils little bot up and starts a slow tug. It gets interesting here. She knees down and starts a great tug but leans up close to my face. Within a few seconds she's giving a passionate kiss, even trying to DFK if I had allowed but not really into it. Alarm bells ring as I try to look for any manly features and get her to talk a bit - it's a 50/50 chance. They way she was kneeling means I don't have access to any undercarriage action to check. I push myself to cum and thank her and she tries to kiss me again. She cleans me up and I get dressed and make my confused exit. 

She works Fridays here if anyone is interested.


