Floor: #1
Post Time: 28th April 2018, 12:12 PM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: 
 luxurious touch massage- Bentleigh day spa 11/1036-1038 North rd East bentleigh 0434271864
				
Post Content: 
This new shop is now open, having engulfed Top chinese massage next door.  This business having taken up 2 shop fronts, may have to pay rent on 2 shops not 1. Popped in for a look, your playing russian roulette crossing North rd believe me.  Greeted by an asian girl on reception.Mid 20's at a guess,shoulder length black hair, tight black top, and i noticed as she sat, wearing jeans.  I asked if i could meet the girls, and she told me the other girl of Latin decent, was in the toilet.  

The girl on reception was from the Phillipines and the other girl was from South america she said.  I grabbed a card and left.  Multinational massage shops, the ultimate trap, especially employing a Latino.  Secondly the girl on reception wearing jeans.  Not much upskirt action there, and how much to get them off do u think.  I don't think Top massage next door will have a hope in hell of surviving employing 1 girl a day against this mob.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 29th April 2018, 07:50 PM
Poster ID: robot
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Daniella

Establishment : Luxurious touch massage

Date of Visit : 28/04/18

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 11/1036-1038 North rd East bentleigh 0434271864

Hours of Business : 10-9

Rates : $60 / 45 mins

Age : Around 30

Size/shape : Slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : South American

Services Provided : Just a massage

Value for money/recommend? : No

My experience/comments : 

Since I was on the lookout for a latina massage I thought I would drop by. Made a couple of mistakes I usually don't do. Called up and booked the South American lady without seeing her and booked in longer than my 30 mins. But when I heard there was a south American girl called Daniella I thought it might be the same lady that I saw at the other shop before it was shut.  

Walked into the newly renovated shop and met my the reception lady and then introduced to the other lady standing there who was Daniella. Yes, she was from South America but she lacked any of the curves or looks of the sterotypical lady I was looking for. She was skinny and very ordinary looking. Wearing a black top and black pants. Should have walked but thought I would go ahead and see how things played out. Daniella showed me to my room and told me to take everything off which is at least a good sign.  

Rooms are all new and roomy. Made myself comfortable and waited for her return. When she got back she placed a towel over my legs and bum and that was the end of anything sensual happening. What made things worse was the massage was terrible. If this is a legit shop I would expect a extraordinary massage but she did nothing but rub huge amounts of smelling oil into me.  

When I was asked to turn over she lifted the towel up and turned her head away to keep from seeing anything. Just let her finish up and clean me up before walking out. Win some, loose some


Floor: #3
Post Time: 29th April 2018, 09:59 PM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I forgot about Robots love of South american chicks, sorry for adding more temptation for you.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 30th April 2018, 07:42 AM
Poster ID: robot
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
There is also another Mexican girl working there but she had left for the day. Place seems too legit so wont return unless I hear of any favourable reviews.


