Thread Title: Massage 1st & Beauty - 16 Hosken St Springvale South - 0421 312 968
Floor: #1
Post Time: 13th December 2017, 03:58 PM
Poster ID: robot
Post Title: 
 Massage 1st & Beauty - 16 Hosken St Springvale South - 0421 312 968
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Tracey

Establishment: Massage 1st & Beauty

Date of Visit: 13 Dec 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: 16 Hosken St Springvale South - 0421 312 968

Hours of Business: 10am till around 8pm

Rates: $45 30 mins + $65 Bodyslide and BBBJ

Age: 40ish

Size/shape: Size 8ish, massive tits

Nationality or Ethnicity: Vietnamese

Services Provided: Nude Bodyslide, BBBJ

Value for money/recommend: Not for me.

My experience/comments:

Read a review on a rival site and was in the area so I thought I would try this place out. Parked out front in a row of dying shops. Door is locked and you have to press the buzzer and do the wait of shame. Lucky Tracey was at reception and let me in pretty quick. Older lady who is still in pretty good shape and has some big tits. She's had a face lift or two so face wise it's a bit weird as most older ladies who have had bad face lifts.

She showed me into one of the rooms and straight away lays what's on offer. Starting with straight HJ to bodyslide and bbbj - she was asking a total of $130 for the bodyslide and bbbj including the massage charge. Knocked her down to $110 before she took my money and left me to strip. On return she stripped aswell revealing that she does look after herself and a has had her boobs done as they're massive and sitting very high. 

Massage was crap, just a few rubs to get oil onto my back and legs before the bodyslide starts. The bodyslide didn't do much for me even with her big tits. She was just going through the motions and soon after she asked me to flip. Similar on the front, oil and half hearted bodyslide and some spanish action. At least I was able to see and touch now and little bot was getting excited. 

The door buzzer went and someone else let another punter in. This is where she went into fast-forward mode. I'm guessing only she works there and she wants to get to the other guy before he walks. Wipe down of little bot and she starts her bbbj. Wasn't too bad and would have been happy if she spent the session sucking my dick but since she was in a hurry now she switched between the bj and hj and soon after added oil and just went pure hj. Soon after I exploded all over her tits.  Clean up, bottle of water and sent me on my way. I was in and out in under 20 mins.

Not a great session so won't be going back for Tracey.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 31st May 2019, 01:46 AM
Poster ID: Drizzt
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Pink

Establishment : Massage 1st & Beauty

Date of Visit : May 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 16 Hosken Street, Springvale South

Phone :95124560

Hours of Business : 10-8

Rates : $80 ph

Age : 30-35

Size/shape : 10 with a decent sized rack

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai/Viet

Services Provided : bbbj, dfk , 69, daty, hr

Value for money/recommend? : yes , very good

My experience/comments : 

I swear I saw an add on L for this shop but can't locate it now.  I happened to almost miss this place as I drove past the block of shops after visiting a friend in the area.  So turned around, parked and rang the door bell. It was answered by a mamasan who let me in and asked how long I wanted to stay for.  Seeing that it was 20 past 7, I asked if I might be able to get a 60 minute session and she was fine with that.  She led me into a room and advised that a ML would be in shortly.  I undress, hop up on the table and after a few minutes Pink walks in dressed in denim daisy dukes and a tank top.  Although there's a sign stating that only a curtain will be closed during massages, she shuts the door and locks it which looks promising.  A bit of chit chat and she asks what sort of massage I'm after.  I reply with firm and she gets to work.  Now for a petite lass she does a fantastic firm massage and I'm glad I got the 60 minute session.  I'm caressing her legs and reaching under those daisy dukes to touch underneath and she offers a list of options.  I take the $70 for nude finish with bbbj.  She wants the tip straight away which is a bit annoying but I get up, get it for her and we move to the main event.  She begins the bbbj which is not bad but could use a bit more pressure or suction.  I ask if I could daty.  She agrees and hops on the table after wiping off from the bucket of hot water she brought in with her.  I go to town on her and take her breathe away.  She moaning and trying to be quiet and has hold of the back of my head.  She pulls me up and indicates I should get on the table again.  She climbs up and be 69 while she begins to use her hands.  before long I warn her I'm close and she quickens the tug and I blow my load on to her chin to drip on to my stomach.  A quick clean up and she resumes the massage on my chest and legs for teh remaining time.  A wipe down a towel from the now warm water in the bucket and I bid her good night with a peck on the cheek.

WIR - definitely.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 19th October 2019, 11:40 PM
Poster ID: Drizzt
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Well I returned here hoping to get another booking with Pink to find they have changed owners and she's no longer there.  I had a massage as I was already there and also to see if it was going to be the same.

Person's Name : Natalie

Establishment : Massage 1st & Beauty (Unsure if they are still using this business name or another as there's no business name advertised anywhere)

Date of Visit : Oct 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 16 Hosken Street, Springvale South

Phone :95124560

Hours of Business : Unsure, I visited on a Saturday arvo

Rates : $80 ph

Age : late 40s

Size/shape : 10 slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Viet

Services Provided : HR

Value for money/recommend? : it was ok

My experience/comments :

I initially drove past sometime in September to a closed for renovation sign on the door and didn't think to come back past for a few weeks.  I returned to find they were now open again so strolled in hoping to get a booking with Pink but alas, there's a new mamasan who didn't know who Pink was.  As I was there I thought what the heck, let's try it out.  After a few minutes wait, I was led into a room and told the usual and that someone would be in soon.  So undressed and laying on the table when Natalie enters.  We exchange pleasantries and she begins a semi firm massage with plenty of teasing.  She's pretty chatty and tells me she normally works out of the city but moved here to help her friend the mamasan who took over the place.  She doesn't mind some touching although I'm not too sure how far she'll let you go as she had pantyhose over her lacy g-string which matched the bra she was wearing.  On the flip she only offered a tug for $40 but said it'd be worth it so I agreed.  She's right, the tug was good and I was splurting goo over her hands and my stomach.  After a clean up with hot towels I went on with my day.

WIR - probably to see if I might get more from being a repeat customer or to see who else works there.


