Thread Title: Massage Around the Corner - Carnegie - 0402 180 093
Floor: #1
Post Time: 8th March 2016, 05:02 PM
Poster ID: Wollee
Post Title: 
 Massage Around the Corner - Carnegie - 0402 180 093
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Tania/Tanya

Establishment : Massage Around the Corner

 Date of Visit : 4th March 2016

 Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 251 Koornang Road Carnegie Tel 0402 180 093

 Hours of Business : 10.00 am till 8.00 pm

 Rates :$50 for 30 Min plus Extra 

Age : Said mid 30's but signs show older

Size/shape : Medium Build

 Nationality or Ethnicity : Japanese/Hispanic

 Services Provided : Massage and Tug

 Value for money/recommend? : Had better VALUE, but good massage

 My experience/comments : 

Was heading in a southerly direction and passed by, noticing the flashing neon 'flame'. This only means one thing...this shop is reopened. Did a u turn and parked in the council carpark near the cricket ground. Entered and was met by a woman who showed me the price list. Opted for $50 30 minute...see how things go. She showed me to a room, I stripped off and waited for her to return. She comes in and we introduce ourselves. She tells me her name is Tania and she is the mamasan/owner. Has been in business for 6 weeks. She says she has a good mix of girls and they change each day. Friday...she works with a Vietnamese girl ..Ivy...I think ???

Her massage was competent and she did this Thai massage thingy where she bent your leg at right angles and had a feel of the goodies..She did this with both legs..Then grabbed a  hot towel and cleaned off the oil. On the flip...she went straight for the Kill..grabbed Li'll Wol and gave him a good going over. Had a feel under her short dress and caressed her tight arse. By this time she stroked me into submission.. juice everywhere.

Again, cleaned me up with a warm towel..Now for the interesting information. Tania openly told me that her business has had a review on ISG, as she was shown a printed version by a punter. The review was critical of a service by a Chinese girl. (ISG readers. review #9285) I had a look and what she told me was correct. Tania told me that she was not worried about the advertising...Any advertising is good advertising..her words..(I did not make ANY reference to these pages!!!) Oh yeah...she also told me that in her previous life she was a kindergarten teacher and she worked at the Spa at Crown...Looks as though she can control kids and whales...


I congratulated her on her business and said that I would return, specifically to see the Vietnamese girl. Tipped her $40 (Sorry lads, but I only had 2 X$20 in the pocket and did not want to be seen as cheap Charlie by asking for change).

As always...YMMV and enjoy the punt.


