Thread Title: Mia - Sacred Healing Centre, South Yarra,  - 0498 551 733
Floor: #1
Post Time: 24th December 2016, 11:01 AM
Poster ID: arranger62
Post Title: 
 Mia - Sacred Healing Centre, South Yarra,  - 0498 551 733
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Mia (and Lana!)

Establishment : Sacred Healing Centre Toorak rd Sth Yarra

Date of Visit : Dec 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0498551733 http://melbourne.locanto.com.au/ID_1...s-special.html

Hours of Business : 10am to 8pm ? Unsure

Rates : varies - see ads

Age : late 30's

Size/shape : curvy

Nationality or Ethnicity : Greek

Services Provided : lomi massage HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes!

My experience/comments : Saw this place on locanto and was intrigued as they also had placed ads for French maid and sexy nun massages. As I was heading in that direction that morning I rang ahead but no answer. Mia called back 15 min later and we teed up an appointment for a 1/2 hr lomi 45 min later. The place was easy to find - it's an older style apartment behind a shop with a side entrance. I entered the reception area (probably the original lounge room) and Mia was behind the counter. She was quite attractive and very friendly. She claims to be Greek but didn't have that dark Greek look and it's not her photo in their ads. The other lady that works there is Lana - Asian with a separate mobile number for booking. There was no sign of her when I arrived as Mia had just opened up for the day. The list price (amongst all sorts of other beauty treatments) for lomi 30 min is $70. I handed over $100 as I had no change. Mia was about to head down the corridor to look for change but I stopped her by saying "hold on to that, we mightn't need any change later". She just smiled and said OK then ushered me down the corridor. As she stepped from behind the counter I got to check her body out - the usual singlet and leggin look. Mia had a nice rack about a C and has a pear shaped curvy bod. If you like bootilicious girls like I do - Mia is hot in that department. Looked like two treatment rooms (with those 1930s style doors with frosted glass panels) then a bathroom (which I needed to use). I couldn't see further down but I'm guessing a small kitchen and maybe another room right at the end. The room was set up really nicely with a professional massage table - the sort with the arm rests under the padded face bit that extends beyond the table. There was a small towel heating cabinet, nice candles etc. A towel on the table with one of those disposable sheets over the towel. No rolled up or folded modesty towel you would expect to see in a legit place so I nuded up and laid face down on the table. Mia came in shortly after and the massage commenced. Lots of oil and working my back and shoulders. Mia recognised I used a computer maybe a bit too much and I was left handed. She knows how to give a good massage and I was really enjoying her touch. The conversation was easy and I found out they had been there about three months and previously at other places as subcontractors (whatever that meant). She asked where I'd heard about them. I said locanto and said I read about the 4 hand massage. She told me there was christmas special on that. The massaged moved to my glutes and legs and as I suspected eventually the inner thighs. Mia had an amazing style and before I knew it I was getting a beautiful soft massage of my perineum. 
Now this is when the most unexpected thing happened about 10 minutes into the massage. There was knock on the door and the door opened. I lifted my head to see what was going on and in entered another lady. Mia introduced me to Lana (who was a bit older than Mia but was heavily made up so hard to tell) and we both said hi. She was wearing black gym pants and a black singlet which showed a really nice figure. Lana closed the door and then started to busy herself amongst the oils and candles and I guess was restocking the towels while at the same time I'm moaning with pleasure having my scrotum rubbed by Mia! Mia then said to Lana "you may be needed here I think he wants a christmas present". She asked me directly and as my imagination ran wild, I said hell yes. Lana then left to put a sign on the door to stop any walk-ins. I then asked Mia if they would both work nude and she said yes $100 each and I checked if that included a happy ending. All seemed good as I'd already paid $100. This is where there was a little misunderstanding. I think Mia meant $100 each on top of the massage fee but to her credit she accepted $100 each later when I was leaving.
Anyway back to the massage. Mia began undressing and I enjoyed that sight. She has an awesome butt and I was eager to get my hands on that. Mia resumed the massage and Lana came back in. I raised my head so I could watch her get undressed. She has beautiful skin - darker than most asian women (sorry I didn't ask where she was from - had other things on my mind) and a smoking hot figure - she must work out. Lana joined in and I had the most sensational time. If you've never had four hands, you must try it especially when both are working your butt, crack, sack and even reaching under to stroke your cock at the same time. Mia at one stage was woking my anus so beautifully I though she was going to put a finger in. I later saw a box of rubber gloves which may have more purposes than just for waxing. Lying face down I was able to reach back and rub both their bums. I was in heaven but I had to instigate the flip as I couldn't see anything or feel any further. I turned over, pillow under my head and oh my god what a sight! Two beautiful naked ladies running their hands all over me! Lana had beautiful tits with large nipples that sat out at attention. Mia's tits were also lovely and I had a hand on each ladies' tits while they stroked and played with me. Lana reaching right down to my anus again. I pulled Mia a little closer to me so I could suck on her nipples and then lifted my head toward her face. She leant down and I started to kiss her softly and then tongues were being exchanged. This was all too much and I erupted like a volcano. I don't even know who had the honour but that's just academic. Both girls cleaned me up and as there was a little time left, resumed the massage. Mia at my head giving me a lovely face massage and Lana working my legs some more. I even felt Lana stroke me again - maybe to see if I was up for a second round? Anyway 5mins later it was all over. Not sure why Mia left the room to get changed but I had great view of Lana's amazing bod getting dressed. Hit the shower and got dressed. On the way out handed another $100 to Lana. This is where it got bit awkward. Mia said it's usually $100 each for nude. I said yes I've already paid you that. She said that's Ok - merry Christmas! 
So I ended up having 30 mins - 20mins of that as 4 hands nude for $200. Merry Christmas indeed. 
So here's the dilemma. Next time I'll have to pay full price which I'm guessing is $300. As amazing as 4 hands is, you don't get to fully appreciate each girl properly. I didn't even have a chance to try and feel down below. I think next time I'll go one on one but now I don't know which lady to book. They are both amazingly good! Time to start saving some cash as I'll need to go back twice in the new year.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 20th March 2017, 05:09 PM
Poster ID: Billabong Bill
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
No review as this wasn't actually a massage. I checked out this place after reading elsewhere that they also offered Brazilian waxing. I had been looking for a replacement for my long-time waxing lady, Maya, mamasan at Thai Day Spa in Fitzroy (which is now a bit far away for regular visits). I found out that Mia (nearly the same name) was the waxing lady at this joint and booked in today. She said that the Toorak Rd joint has been in operation for six months before that she had had a [place in the city.

With certainty (courtesy of the Loan Arranger) that Mia knew her way around a cock, I popped a bluey and welcomed her back to the room with a nicely chubbed up cock. She took me well in hand and worked her waxy magic on my cock. By now young Bill was standing to attention. I can assure you a stiff cock is much easier for the waxer (who wants to work on taut skin) as well as less painful and less subject to damage to the skin. Anyway, we were off and away with no mention of the elephant (ok, puppy) in the room.  

Mia had a very "hands-on" style, holding with one hand while waxing with the other, as well as very efficient in the waxing department.  All of this left me well-primed by the time she finished up with the wax and moved on to the application of soothing cream. As she did so, I said "I think I'm enjoying that a little too much" and made the appropriate appreciative noises. "Do you think you could extend that service a little ?" I asked. "Sure" she replied. (Actually, I think this was always the plan as, once the waxing had finished, she turned the lights down - generally a sign of moving to the next phase.)

Mia squirted on a bit more cream and worked up and down my cock with the other hand, while the other hand headed under my balls towards my arsehole. Having noted the Arranger's comment, I pulled my knees and encouraged her to send her finger burrowing towards my prostate (and no, she didn't require any glove for that). In the meantime, I had one handup her tee-shirt, fondling her titties (through her bra) and the other on her (ample) arse. What followed was a further five to ten minutes of two handed masturbation which saw me very nicely over the line. 

We reconvened in reception - the damage was $80 for the waxing (not bargain basement but acceptable) plus $50 for a very nice tug. All up $130 for a 40 minute service.Not bad when you consider it combined a very good and much needed waxing, a great CFNM experience, a highly erotic hands on titillation and a very nice finish. I assured her I would be back for my next service in six months and now have her firmly on my roster.

General assessment - first class service and a very nice set-up (big and fully private rooms).


