Thread Title: NB 11 Massage - 11 Balmoral Street Frankston - 0469 800 462
Floor: #1
Post Time: 13th July 2018, 12:16 PM
Poster ID: pancho
Post Title: 
 NB 11 Massage - 11 Balmoral Street Frankston - 0469 800 462
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Linda

Establishment : NB11 Massage

Date of Visit : 21/06/2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 11 Balmoral Street Frankston Victoria
Phone 0469 800 462

Hours of Business : 10am - 8pm Sometimes later.

Rates : $100.00/1hour

Age : 50 ish

Size/shape : Slim athletic figure, medium size tits.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese (I think)

Services Provided : Massage, HJ, BBBJ,.

Value for money/recommend? : Excellent value for money. Highly recommend.

My experience/comments :PUNT NO. 3

Frankston is not my usual stomping ground. But I am in the area, and have just had 2 bad punts in a row. Maybe 3rd time lucky ?


I am now acutely aware that time is on the march. I bolt up the stairs hoping to snag a booking before closing time.


I have read some good reviews of Linda. She came out and introduced herself. She is more attractive than I expected.


I hurriedly explained that I was hoping to catch her before she closes. I also explained I needed to find an ATM. Music to her ears. She puts me at ease immediately. She gives me directions and I promise to return asap. 


I return with 2 pineapples in my back pocket. Linda is dressed in camouflage jeans and a singlet top.


We are in a funny looking room. It has a massage table near the eastern side wall, a double bed at right angles to the western side wall, and a dressing table against the southern wall. I am not sure that LE or council sticky noses, would be convinced that a double bed is a mandatory accessory for a legitimate therapeutic massage clinic.


I was standing awkwardly near the dressing table. Linda was chatting away and saying that  because it was late and business was slow, we can relax and take as long as we like.


Not quite knowing what to do next, I asked "So what's the cost ?" She had her back to me. She unzipped her jeans and dropped them down just below her arse, revealing a black Lacey G string. 


She bent over. She turned her head around and with a cheeky grin asked "How much do you think I am worth ?"


I was not in the mood for haggling, or playing silly fuckin games. I suspect she felt the same. I said "You are WORTH a million dollars".


I plonked my $100. on the table. Without any more talking I started to get undressed. She lost her jeans and started to rub her fanny on the outside of her G string. We were both naked in no time.


She points me towards the table. Then she grabs a handful of wet wipes and vigorously rubs her fanny. She proudly explains how hygienic she is, how she always gives her privates  a good wipe whether it is really needed or not. I somehow managed not to laugh.


So it's on with the massage. It starts fairly mundanely and she is at the head of the table, and we are chatting away like old friends. I ask about the bed, and does she actually live there ? No but she stays there overnight sometimes. 


She then suggests, that if I can organise to get away from my wife for a night we could enjoy a sleepover. I explained that I am now single and live on my own. She drops off the idea. I deduce that she would only get her jollies by being the other woman, who occasionally gives exciting refuge from the shackles of a marriage. Maybe she thinks a bachelor would be too clingy ??


She climbs on the table while I am still face down. She is facing away from my head, towards my feet. She half kneels, and places her thighs and pussy over my head. She leans her head down towards my arse. 


She uses her lips, tongue, and mouth to give some very wet and very erotic attention to my arse, perineum, scrotum, balls, shaft, and knob. I reciprocate by moving my head and passionately licking and kissing the insides of her upper thighs. She is loving it, and I am certainly not complaining.


I turn slightly on my side and manipulate a funny looking position, to ensure I don't blow my trumpet. We are both writhing along at a nice steady pace. It is fantastic. A perfect combination of GFE with a slight touch of PSE.


Then the front door makes a noise. She says to me "Oh shit !! that is a customer". As if she had just remembered. She apologised profusely and even asked my permission if it was ok to go and see him. Of course I agreed.


She was back in a jiffy. "He can wait" she said, sounding eager to get back to a bit more slip slop slap. I was actually pleased for the break. 


I suggested she attend to his needs and I'll wait. "Are you sure ? you don't mind ? Etc etc." I played the gentleman's role and semi dozed off under a blanket.


I could hear a lot of noise outside of the building. I tried also to hear what was going on inside the building. I thought I heard the slap slap of flesh on flesh, but I can't be certain. I presume she probably fucked him, but who knows ? Who cares ? 


She returned in about half an hour. Her face was a bit flushed and she looked tired.  She was expecting to go to work on me. Being a gentleman I suggested it was time for me to offer her a nurturing massage.


She happily agreed. She lay on her stomach, rested on her elbows, and read stuff on her mobile phone. She was not operating the phone, just scrolling thru stuff.


I massaged her back and legs and had a fiddle around the cracks and holes. Unfortunately it was doing nothing for either of us. I suggested the flip and we both agreed that a pussy licking might be a good idea.


I asked what she was looking at on her mobile. She turned it around and showed me the screen. She said she was just reading the Chinese news.


So we both settled in for some relaxing munch munch.
She lay on her back, brought her knees up, and flopped her legs wide open. She also held the phone up at an angle to allow a bit of multi tasking.


I popped my head down and went to work. This is no time for false modesty. Many moons ago. I have received rave reviews, particularly outside of punting, for my talents as a DATY">cunnilingus


Floor: #2
Post Time: 14th July 2018, 12:35 PM
Poster ID: Billabong Bill
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Now young Pancho, Linda does sound a gem - and your telling of fhe tale, as always, was epic and magnificent. Reading all three posts, it sounds like quite a night - I think you should have simply taken her up on the offer to tuck up with her for the night - or is she only interested in married men who can sneak out for the whole night (not sure how that us done!!).

Frankston is a long way for me to travel and would involve various border crossings and meal breaks, but I think I might just have to put in the effort - a nice MILFy ML who can deliver a quality VFM service (despite the multi-tasking) is a rare enough species.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 15th July 2018, 12:45 AM
Poster ID: pancho
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
PM sent to your inbox


Floor: #4
Post Time: 18th July 2018, 01:02 PM
Poster ID: Billabong Bill
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Now, we have all read the heroic and epic venture by our colleague, nay mentor, Señor Pancho. After being detailed at Base Camps One and Two, he nevertheless pressed on, in the dimming light to achieve his ultimate goal. Though he struggled valiantly, poor Panch could not finally get his team over the top. So it was with a sense of duty that I set off at first light this morning, assembled a team fresh from a good night’s sleep, to tackle, on behalf of El Panchiño, that final pitch to the top.

I was greeted by Ms Linda, wearing what passes in popular culture for a nurse’s outfit; short white dress with red crosses, with her matching red bra and panties showing though. “Aah, a nurse!” I exclaimed “You will take good care of me?”. “I take good care of cock” my health worker replied“ initiating a quick check that my testicles had, in fact, descended some decades earlier. I proffered the pair of pineapples with a request for “nude and naughty” and she directed me to assume a face-down position and meanwhile stripped down to show a quite trim body with B-C titties and nicely rounded bum and some fuzz around the puss.

I stretched my hand out to investigate her nether regions to have it swatted aside as if it were a Guangzhou gnat. “You relax!” she said. With my legs spread and Bill and the boys open to her attention, she gave them just that, following a little tickling with a full-on cat bath and rimming (well, around, but not into the inner sanctum). Well that all seemed to go well, but my straying arms and hands were consistently kept in their place. She hopped on top and started a little back massage, her legs spread across mu lower back and, as far as my well-attuned nerve endings could assess, rubbed her clit backwards and forwards across my coccyx (which I raised and rotated to aid the mission). 

I declared that I was hungry and wanted to munch on her pussy.  She looked at me with a certain disdain, but jumped up nevertheless and presented herself for my attention, meanwhile planting her lips firmly (perhaps a little too firmly) around my cock. I slid a finger in and kept up a steady lashing of the nub. By now, Linda was into a quickened tempo. “Slow down” I asked. She said that she can’t help it when she gets too horny and, anyway, she normally doesn’t allow insertion of the digit. I complied and we both slowed down a little, but within a few minutes, she had me popping. Within seconds, though, I felt her shiver, shake and let out a demented squeal after which she jumped off and danced a little jig , a big smile across her face. 

No other acknowledgement from the lady (I had thought a quiet thank-you might have been polite), but we both knew that we had finished the task which Panchildiño had commenced and got our team up and over the top. 

She finished with a nice enough massage as we wound down. She explained that the $100 bought me 30 minutes (not an hour as the great master had reported), but we ran to about 40 mins in any case. Linda is somewhere between cheeky and bossy, maybe not to everyone’s taste (though I can vouch that the taste was quite pleasant). I asked if she was a professional nurse. “I cock nurse” she explained. “Is that a degree course or diploma?” I asked. “I study this six year” she replied. “Hey that’s as much as a law degree” I pointed out. “Yes, but lawyer much more expensive”. Indeed. And they don't give such good blow jobs. 

We cleaned up, repaired our dress and said our good-byes. Maybe not quite my cup of tea (I prefer my MILFs a little more shapely), but indeed a labour of duty.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 18th July 2018, 03:15 PM
Poster ID: Jassyhub2013
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hey Bill, well done with the review, very entertaining. Sounds like she is a bit of entertainment herself and a bit of a "fire cracker".
Pity I used to live down that way and would have liked to have a crack at her. Maybe I'll polish up the old mobile and take a drive out there on the weekend.
Do you know what days she works?
Cheers
Jas


Floor: #6
Post Time: 18th July 2018, 03:26 PM
Poster ID: Billabong Bill
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I get the clear impression she manages the joint, if not owns it. She does have one or more girls working with her from time to time, but I would think she is there most days. Give her a call and ask.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 19th July 2018, 06:28 PM
Poster ID: pancho
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
MISSION ACCOMPLISHED !!

Congratulations Bill on  a most inspiring and successful outcome.

You have used your superior gynaecological skill-set to act in The National Interest.

By licking Linda to orgasm, you have diverted her attention away from the subversive propaganda of The Peoples Daily. 

This is a win for Australia, and a win for Democracy.

His Excellency General the Honourable
Sir Peter Cosgrove has been fully briefed.

Please try and act surprised when your OAM arrives in the mail.


