Thread Title: No Contact Details Provided
Floor: #1
Post Time: 20th February 2011, 01:25 PM
Poster ID: MelbNuts11
Post Title: 
 No Contact Details Provided
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Susie??

Establishment : 

Date of Visit: 20 February 2011

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: Bentleigh

Hours of Business: 10am-10pm

Rates: $30 half hour, $60 Hour

Age: 21-25

Size/shape: Slim

Nationality or Ethnicity: PRC

Services Provided: Massage extras maybe

Value for money/recommend?: Yes.

My experience/comments: Took the lead and thought I'd head off for some relaxation. Took my bike to the very small shop and looking at getting some knots rubbed out. 

Met at the door by early 20 something PRC chick. Slim with a great smile and dressed too well for a massage. Anyway went in and saw mamasan in the kitchen area. No other girls but I could here another punter talking in an adjacent room. 

Led to the room and she asked for payment straight away so I gave $60 for the hour. Anyway the room had all the hallmarks, cheap oil, tissues etc. Anyway strip down and she comes in a little while after. I swear she said her name was Susie. She only works here on Sundays. What followed was a very good massage. She certainly knew what she was doing. Couple of brushes past the Jatz and i thought it was going to be a great day.

Then the turn over and she rubs the chest and belly and she's is looking at old mate almost all the time. Anyway she's doing the legs and again a few brushes past. Then she says its finished. So i had to ask any extras available. She said she knows what I'm asking for and said "no" with a somewhat embarrassed giggle.  I was a little disappointed but she provided a very good service and i will definitely return as she had a great attitude and gave a great massage. She wiped me down to get rid of the oil. I left and got on my bike. 

Maybe better Luck next time. BTW you won't find zen here, elsewhere maybe.

MN11.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 4th March 2011, 11:28 AM
Poster ID: MelbNuts11
Post Title: 
 Still no Luck in Banjo's Road
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Unknown

Establishment : 

Date of Visit: Weekday March 2011

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: Bentleigh

Hours of Business: 10-8

Rates: $30 Half hour. $60 Full Hour.

Age: 20-25

Size/shape: Slim 8-10

Nationality or Ethnicity: Chinese

Services Provided: Massage

Value for money/recommend?: Depends

My experience/comments: 
Gentlemen.

Thought I'd give this one a go again. Last time was great massage and no result. So got on my bike and rode there. 

This time I was a little less lucky. Only two girls on at this time. I saw one turn up just as I got there. I also saw a very old punter coming out of a small room within one of the massage rooms and he gave a me the nod.

I thought things were looking up. Anyway usual deal $30 for half or $60 for full hour. I took 30min. The one that was already in there takes me to the room across from the kitchen. She has a really good hold on English. Possibly raised here. Undressed and waited for her to come in. When she came in she went straight for the towels to cover my bare ass. Not looking good. But i have been at other places where they will do this to suss you out. Massage was not as good this time round and she used hardly any oil. Never went near the Jatz. And on rollover just a quick scalp massage. WTF. 

When all was done, she said finished. Clockwatcher. I laid down at 13 past the hour and was finished right on 43 past the hour. 

I asked her if extras were on the cards, and she says "No. Not here." 

This place is definitely hit and miss. If I just want a massage next time, i will go on Sunday when Susie?? is on. Great massage at least. Time to punt on some others. 

MN11.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 5th March 2011, 01:43 AM
Poster ID: someone or other
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Got the phone number for this place?


