Thread Title: Oakleigh Massage - 325 Huntingdale Rd, Oakleigh - 0434 380 456
Floor: #1
Post Time: 23rd May 2011, 11:36 AM
Poster ID: Rodine
Post Title: 
 Oakleigh Massage - 325 Huntingdale Rd, Oakleigh - 0434 380 456
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name:  Shi Shi (Ci Ci?)

Establishment :  Oakleigh Massage

Date of Visit:  20/5

Contact Details/Address/Weblink:  True Local

Hours of Business:   Unsure

Rates:  $70/1 hour & $20 for nude

Age:  40+

Size/shape:  

Nationality or Ethnicity:  China

Services Provided:  RnT Massage

Value for money/recommend?:  Good massage, below par 'T'

My experience/comments: 

Monday is here and another week has past with punt to share!

It's Friday and its been a long week, so what better than to finish off (so to speak) with a nice RnT massage.
As I've mentioned previously, I love exploring new venues which can be hit and miss, but I guess its all part of the fun.
Did  search of the SE via my trusty TrueLocal iphone app and came up  with some options and called up the advert with the worst Chinglish and  mobile numbers as the contact (has worked so far!) made a booking in  Oakeigh.

For those who have been, it is on a corner and a VERY dodgy and decrepid  looking place and I ventured in the gate with reservation and rang the  bell. An asian lady opened the door and ushered me inside with a smile  and to a room on the left which was pleasantly warm with a lamp on.
Once side I opted for a 1 hour massage and she asked for $70, which  seemed cheap. She offered to remove her clothes an extra $20, so I said  sure and she went off to get me change.
Oil dispenser on the table, 2 boxes of tissues.. should be right!

She came back and I was on the table in the birthday suit, and she  started the massage. She didn't really talk much and she removed her  leather boots (which I noticed from the sound and the little hole my  face was located in on the table) and continued massaging.
To be fair the massage itself was pretty good and she got a fair few  knots out of my back. She didn't remove any other clothing though, which  I thought was a bit tight considering she'd taken the money, but she  wasn't a glam, so I thought i'd wait until I flipped as I wouldn't be  able to see anyway.

The doorbell rang a couple of times, and she excused herself and went  off to let other punters in. Must have been a busy place as it must have  rang about 3-4 times and she turned a couple of fellas away as they  were busy. I heard one other lady working there via the trademark clip  clop of heels on polished wood floor and occasionally they spoke  mandarin through the door after entries or exits of punters.

At the 45 min mark I thought i'd better ask to turn over otherwise i'd  be getting nothing BUT a massage and did so, and she agreed and I  flipped. I asked why she still had clothes on and she said I was cheeky  (didn't I pay for it??) and removed her clothes but left her bra and  panties on..... what the? 
Again, she wasn't that hot, so I couldn't be bothered pushing it further.

As soon as she came back to the table, she oiled up her hands and went  straight for the tug. I was actually still soft as I wasn't really  turned on by her attitude or the whole experience thus far, but  eventually blood flow made a liar of me and up she goes.
Now I have to say, i've had some clinical and rushed tugs, but this one  took the cake. She pumped that shaft like a bicycle pump on a flat when  you're late for work. It actually because VERY uncomfortable after about  5 mins and almost painful and as a result I started to deflate.
After another 2 mins I stopped her and said not to worry about it, as it  was clear nothing was going to go my way, and she looked a little  worried (from a repeat business perspective). I told her that it must be  because i'm tired (lied) and maybe next time.

To be honest, it was quite possibly one of the most disappointing punts  i'd had, but at $90 for the hour with a decent massage, I had to see the  glass half full. 
With 10mins to spare, I sat up and thanked her and started putting on my  clothes. Again, she seemed concerned but with a flash of the pearly  whites, told her all was ok and left.

Would I return? Not sure. The place was pretty run down and near a very  busy intersection and school (hint) which I didn't like at all making  the WOS (walk of shame) after difficult.
I'd come back due to the cheap price, but would have to try someone else  as shi shi (maybe Ci Ci with a Chinglish accent?) was NOT my cup of tea  unfortunately.

You win some, you lose some 

Ro' out!


Floor: #2
Post Time: 14th April 2012, 02:47 PM
Poster ID: Toomuchtime
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's name:

 Establishment : Private house

 Date of Visit: 15/4

 Contact Details/Address/Weblink: Saw it on here

 Hours of Business: Unsure

 Rates: $50 for half an hour

 Age: Early 20s

 Size/shape: Curvier than most young Asian girls

Nationality or Ethnicity: China

 Services Provided: Massage and tug

 Value for money/recommend?: Hell no

 My experience/comments: 

After a session at Holiday Calm I was looking for a bit of release (I bet no one's heard that before!) and I remembered seeing this place reviewed so I thought I'd give it a go.I was a bit apprehensive as I pulled up because the place looks abandoned-long grass,fence falling down,blinds drawn and absolutely no sign of occupation.I rang the doorbell and was greeted by a cute early 20s Chinese girl with a liitle bit of puppy fat and a great smile,which is just how I like them.Unfortunately,it was all downhill from there.
She showed me into the lounge room and told me $50 for half an hour.I asked how much for nude because I really wanted to see her body and she told me that they didn't do nude there at all,so against my better judgement I paid her the $50 and got ready.I applied the logic that seeing as the place looked ready to fall down,they couldn't justify $50 for a half hour and NOT include a tug.As it turns out,I was wrong about that.I didn't even bother laying on my front because I was determined to get what I wanted so after about 10 minutes of a terrible excuse for a massage she asked me if I wanted a tug.After replying in the affirmative she told me that would be another $20.I told her that for $70 I could get a tug from a nude girl at other places around town and that I was not paying another $20 if she wasn't going to get naked as well.She again told me that "the boss doesn't allow us to do nude" and that they didn't care what other businesses charged.I told her I was leaving and that I had made a mistake going there and she then offered to give me a happy ending if she cut the time short,which I was happy with.The tug was way better than the "massage" but nothing special and the girl was extremely polite and courteous despite all my complaining.To cap off a very forgettable visit I stepped in dog shit as I was leaving.I did hear another girl clip clopping around while I was there but no ringing phone or doorbell like the first reviewer,so the word must have got out that this place is one to avoid.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 18th April 2012, 07:45 AM
Poster ID: Rodine
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Agreed, avoid like the plague!


Floor: #4
Post Time: 18th April 2012, 08:20 AM
Poster ID: wicked
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
The house is right opposite a primary school and looks really run down! I tried it more than a year ago and did get a nude massage with a mid 30s PRC.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 14th June 2012, 01:27 AM
Poster ID: degauss
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
erson's Name: CiCi

Establishment : Oakleigh Massage

Date of Visit: Feb 2012

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: 325 Huntingdale Rd, Oakleigh

Hours of Business: 10-8pm

Rates: $50/30min with tug + $20 if want nude

Age: 40+

Size/shape: 12 but tall

Nationality or Ethnicity: Chinese

Services Provided: R&T

Value for money/recommend?: Good massage, ok Tug

My experience/comments: 
Visit was a while ago but catching up on reviews. This place has been around a while and I am surprised it is still going because as mentioned, it is right opposite a school but also it is a couple doors down from a kindergarten. Not greatest reviews here and there are plenty of legal establishments just down the road. Nevertheless for those that do go for R&T, I find this place handy when I am not fussed. Arrived and asked how long and asked for half hour. I think the girls were busy and maybe got the mamasam. She was in her 40s and was selling up the girls they had. Anyway she gave a good strong massage which I like to get anyway. She knew what she was doing and proceeded to the tug at the appropriate time. She let me feel her up through her clothes and finished me off.
WIR. yes but only if in the area and need a bit of relief.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 6th March 2013, 09:38 PM
Poster ID: Toomuchtime
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Now closed,thank God.


