Thread Title: Paradise Massage - Ferntree Gully -1300 620 622
Floor: #1
Post Time: 10th October 2018, 08:19 PM
Poster ID: robot
Post Title: 
 Paradise Massage - Ferntree Gully -1300 620 622
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jennifer 

Establishment : Paradise Massage

Date of Visit : 10/10/18

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 745 Burwood Hwy Ferntree Gully

Phone :1300620622

Hours of Business : 10am-8pm

Rates : $50/30mins + $100 for FS

Age : Around 40

Size/shape : Slim, not bad for her age, c-cup bolt ons

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian

Services Provided : Massage, BBBJ, FS

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : 

Was in the area and searched these forums and found some bronze members having some luck here. Drove in to an empty carpark and walked in to find Jessica and another girl who was hidden behind the reception desk. As I walked in they started laughing and hi-5ing each other, some bet at my expense? whatever booked my 30 minutes. Jennifer was wearing a revealing short black dress and high heals giving off a milfy vibe. It was a while since I had a older massage lady so I was hoping for some fun you get with these older types sometimes.

After I nude up and return she drapes a towel over me and climbs up for a solid massage. She's petite so her full weight was pretty nice and actually relieved some back pressure. It's nice to have a decent massage at these places sometimes. Soon she starts the oil part of the massage slowly removing the towel from by back and ass. She hot towel cleans my back and legs and I flip over.

She starts a scalp massage, at this point no mention or hint of extras so I ask what's on offer. Her body language immediately switches and she basically drapes herself over me and starts tweaking my nipples and rubbing my dick. She asks what I'm after and I hint and a nude hj but she upsells herself to FS for $100 which I agree. She walks out to grab a condom and quickly returns.

She strips off to reveal a decent body with some real obvious fake boobs and a few tatts around her body. She starts off with a quick bbbj which is ok but not too much suction, enough to get me hard though. I climb off and insert little bot from behind but she's a bit too tight and she asks to do standing missionary while she is up on the table. I lift her up and guide little bot home and pump away for a while. It was a nice feeling which was a bit too good because I couldn't hold on for more than a few minutes before I pop my load. She cleans me up and sends me on the way.

Interesting old school rnt shop which will hopefully stick around for a while. Jennifer works here Tuesdays and Wednesdays.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 21st December 2018, 02:30 PM
Poster ID: Jassyhub2013
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lisa

Establishment : Paradise Massage

Date of Visit : Fri Dec 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 745 Burwood Hwy, Ferntree Gully, Vic.

Hours of Business : 10am till 8pm

Rates : $70 60min plus extras (in this case $100)

Age : 28-30

Size/shape : c cup, size 8-10, about 5'6" tall, not skinny but not fat either, nice shape.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Vietnamese

Services Provided : Massage, BBBJ, CBJ, FS

Value for money/recommend? : Good Value IMHO

My experience/comments :

I saw a few reviews on this shop and thought I would try it out.
Arrived and entered shop. Easy for parking as they have a big car park, however I decided to park around the corner.
Into the shop, the desk at the entry is very tall. They were two women behind the desk but I could only see one properly.
She stood up and asked if I wanted a massage. She seemed friendly and looked ok so I booked for 1 hour.

She leads me to the front room, turns on the heater I hand over the money and she disapears while I strip.
Room is large and has a two seater with cushions on it and there is a door that I think leads to a bathroom (i didn't enter).
Lisa soon returned and I tried to strike up some banter to break the ice so to speak, as per usual.
Her english seemed good and she was sort of friendly but she didn't seem to want to talk too much and just politely answers the questions with short replies.
She proceeded with a medium to hard massage using her hands and elbows which was quite good. There was no brushing of the tackle but she did eventually massage my butt.

I introduced myself and told her my name and asked what her name was.
There was a slight pause and she said Lisa (not sure if she was thinking of a name or processing what I had asked her). 
I asked how long she had been in Oz for and she said 2 years. I guessed she was not chinese and asked if she was Vietnamese to which she replied "How you know?".
I laughed and said I guessed from the tone of her voice (Vietnamese seem to speak through thier nose/back of throat, different to chinese).

We were well into the massage and she used shit loads of oil. I was going to ask for a shower as I thought the room next door was a bathroom.
She completed my legs and said she was exiting to get hot towel and water (thank god for that I thought..)
She came back with a hot soapy water bucket two face washers and proceeded to give me a thorough clean up (no shower needed now).

She asked me to flip then grabbed the oil and put some in her hand and started massaging around my groin.
Before she got too far I asked what was on offer. She asked what I wanted. I know it was the first visit but I thought stuff it and asked for FS.
She said that would be $100, which I replied ok. She asked for the money and she exited to get the condom.

She came back and stripped of to reveal a lovely set of C cups and a nicely shaped body. She had black panties on.
As I wanted to slow things down a litle I asked if she would like a massage to which she agreed.
She hopped onto the table face down but the panties stayed on. I began the massage, she said she was ok with hard and complemented me on my skills.
She reached around and grabbed my cock with her left hand and startted caressing it. As I moved to the top of the table she turned her head.
Next thing I know she got my cock in her mouth giving me a slow sensual blow job while I'm leaning over massaging her lower back and butt area. 

Not wanting to blow in her mouth I move away and head to the top of the table to continue the massage.
Again she reaches for my cock and caresses it. She's begining to remind me of a younger version of Yolanda!!
Time is running out so I finish off with her legs, she then rolls over and thanks me for the massage and whips her panties off
She again draws me close while she is on the table and my cock is once again in her mouth.
She then hops off the table and kneels down in front of me and continues to blow me. She has a good technique and I'm enjoying all the attention. 

I'm beginning to think she wants to blow me rather than do the FS. She does stop in time and grabs the condom.
I ask to lick her pussy, however she said she doesn't like being licked, so I repect her wish and its on with the dom. 
She then gives me a quick CBJ before I motion her onto the table.

She sits on the table and lifts her legs up. I'm standing and start to slide my cock up and down her pussy entrance. 
She is neatly trimmed however there is enough hair to hide her pussy lips. Soon she starts to get wet and her pussy lips come out.
I slide my cock into her and start pumping her. She is a nice fit not too loose or tight.
I do this slowly as I don't want to cum too quick so just go in and out at a slow pace.
Soon enough I'm feeling I'm getting too far so I up the pace. Her feet are placed on my shoulder and I pump deeper and faster until I blow into the bag.

We have a bit of a chat while she cleans me and herself up. She seems more relaxed now and more friendly.
I get dressed and she exits the room. I'm dressed and ready to leave, pop my head out the door and I see her in the other room.
She returns with something behind her back. I go to give her a hug goodbye and she thrusts a present out for me and says "Merry Christmas"
I said, "No no its ok, keep it for one of your regulars". She insists I keep it and hugs me and asks me to come back on Wednesday or Friday.

So all in all it turned out to be a great punt and I got a present!!
I will return to see if she changes her mind about me chowing down on her kitty ;-)

YMMV, good luck!!

Cheers
Jas


Floor: #3
Post Time: 21st December 2018, 08:33 PM
Poster ID: pancho
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Well played sir


Floor: #4
Post Time: 21st December 2018, 11:16 PM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
If an Rnt offers full service it seems to be 100 extra now, which equates to 150 for half, it is not bad compared to the standard 120 for half in the brothel, but this place really does offer some excitement on the massage table.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 22nd December 2018, 11:26 PM
Poster ID: sribrah
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Nice.....What was the present ?


Floor: #6
Post Time: 31st December 2018, 05:13 PM
Poster ID: Jassyhub2013
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Box of Cadbury roses :-)


Floor: #7
Post Time: 22nd January 2019, 04:38 PM
Poster ID: Jassyhub2013
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Annie

Establishment : Paradise Massage

Date of Visit : Wed Jan 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 745 Burwood Hwy, Ferntree Gully, Vic.

Hours of Business : 10am till 8pm

Rates : $70 60min plus extras (in this case $100)

Age : 40ish

Size/shape : c cup, size 10-12, about 5'5" tall, not skinny but not fat either, average shape.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Vietnamese

Services Provided : Massage, CBJ, DATY, FS

Value for money/recommend? : Ok

My experience/comments :

I had some free time and feeling the urge decided o go and get a RnT back at the place I had tried before.
Rocked on in and no one was at the from desk. A middle aged woman soon appeared in a red dress from one of the rooms.
I asked if she was busy to which she replied "Yes, you come back in 10 minutes" in broken English.
Ok no problem I said and with that headed out the door.
I'm thinking 10 minutes is more like 20 minutes..
As the woman was average I thought I would head up the street to Jade Therapy to see if something sweeter was on offer.

Parked and tried the side entrance but alas it was locked so I had to head in through the front door.
Walked all the way to the back of the shop to reception and again no one to be found.
Finally another middle aged woman exits a room and greets me (ok, maybe this time she was late 30's or early 40's dressed in a white dress).
I asked how long for massage and she replied "You come back in 30 minutes. Ok I reply and I exit the shop and wave bye-bye.
(Fuck that, it's only about 10:30am how come these places are so busy. Maybe only 1 woman on...). 
It was a bloody hot day and I didn't want to stuff around too much trying another place so I headed back to stop #1.

Sure enough about 3minutes after I got back the car in the carpark exited the shop and I entered the premises.
Was greeted by my ML and asked to book 1 hour. I handed over the cash and stripped and wait for the ML to return.

I tried to strike up the usual "convo" but my ML replied "Sorry me no good English". The best I could figure out was she was Vietnamese. 
She seemed pleasant enough so I decided to go for a body language approach and as she got near I brushed her lower leg with my hand.
No response, ok maybe try a little higher. So I brushed my hand up her leg to her thigh and still no comment or movement away.
By this stage I'm thinking we are ok, so I continued to brush up and down her leg and soon discovered she was wearing frilly panties.
At this point she got the message and she began a "reach under" to massage my groin area, to which I raised my mid-section to give her better access.
She did a few swipes and then decided to check out how aroused I was and she grabbed my knob which was at full mast.
She laughed and commented "Big, Hard" and asked me to flip.

She gave me the 3 finger sign and I asked is there was more on offer. She looked at me confused so I asked if can do "boom, boom".
She laughed again and nodded then used hand signals to indicate what I thought was $150.
I'm thinking "Shit, that's steep", so I say with a smile "No, no no, $100"
She again comes back "No darling, body body, $120" I stick to my guns and say "No, other girls do $100"
I'm not sure if she gets the message or not but she then disappears out the door.
I get the money out just in case and soon she returns with which I hand her the money. She checks it but makes no comment.

She asks me to get back on the table and starts to play with my rod. She then moves away and goes for the oil.
I say "No, no, boom, boom" she replies "Yes, boom, boom" I'm thinking her boom, boom is different to my boom, boom. 
I then motion her to jump on the table for some DATY. This she seems to understand and she quickly hops on the table.
I begin to dine on down, its a bit of a jungle down there but before long she start to shake a little and then pushes my head away.
Not sure if she got too sensitive or if she had just cum.

My turn now and she doms me up and starts to give me a CBJ to get me hard. She then hops on the table again and points to her pussy.
I enter her slowly and she moans. She is side on the table with her legs on either side of the table in like a "squat" position which gives me good access.
I move back and forth slowly as I don't want to cum too soon. With every thrust in she moans and groans a little and seems to be enjoying it.
Soon enough I decide to ramp up the pace and with this I deposit my load into the dom.
She cleans me up and I ask if I can take a shower and she points me to the bathroom.
Quick shower and I'm out the door.

WIR: Maybe but the language barrier made it hard, so I think I'll try another day or go back to see how Lisa is on Friday.

YMMV, good luck!!

Cheers
Jas


