Thread Title: Purecare Therapy - Prahran - 9510 2000
Floor: #1
Post Time: 3rd August 2016, 08:08 PM
Poster ID: Toha888
Post Title: 
 Purecare Therapy - Prahran - 9510 2000
				
Post Content: 
Date of Visit: 31/7/16
Person's Name: Not sure 

Establishment: Purecare Therapy

Date of Visit: 2/8/13
Contact Details/Address/Weblink: 167 High St Prahran - Purecare Therapy | Bestee

Hours of Business: 10-8pm daily

Rates: $70/60 minutes

Age: early 30s

Size/shape: average

Nationality or Ethnicity: Chinese

Services Provided: Tug

Value for money/recommend?: not bad, if in the area.

My experience/comments: 
This is the first time I have been to this shop. 
It was Sunday morning and I was pretty tired after a long week at work. This shop is pretty small, only 2 rooms that I saw, didn't look that clean either. 
The girl out the front was the only one there, so I paid my $70 and was ushered into the first room behind reception. Reasonably small, with a sheet over the table, and a towel at the end.
The girl wasn't really my type, but I laid my $30 change on the chair with my clothes, to make sure she knew I was there for a little extra 

The towel was unfolded and laid over the top, and what commenced was an ok massage, A deep tissue style on my back, I was tired and started to dose off at times.
Then down to the business end, With the towel still over my waist she started on my legs,even when she did my legs she would be lucky to go 4inches above my knee, so I knew there was no action at that point.
Anyway, about 10mins before the end of the hour, another girl arrives. As the rooms in this place don't have full height walls they could talk aloud to each other in Chinese I guess.
Then the girl leaves the room, I guess she was going to get a hot towel for a wipe down. Anyway, as im laying on my stomach a pretty cute girl comes in, probably a size 6, and asks me if I would like extras. Nice 
She quotes me $30 Hand Relief, $50 Nude $70 Nude and touching 
I took the $30 option and later upgraded to $50

One more thing about this place, the lights are much brighter than other shops, and with the walls not being full height, it is quite bright in the room.
Which I found it a little bit of a turn off
I think when visiting new shops it always pays to have a little cash on view so they know whats up. 
I know of one guy who lays out $100 with a couple of condoms on the chair with his clothes lol


