Thread Title: Sahara Spa - Level 1, 63 Scott St, Dandenong - 9002 1378
Floor: #1
Post Time: 26th September 2018, 08:13 PM
Poster ID: robot
Post Title: 
 Sahara Spa - Level 1, 63 Scott St, Dandenong - 9002 1378
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Millie

Establishment : Sahara Spa - Dandenong Branch

Date of Visit : 29/09/18

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :  Level 1, 63 Scott St, Dandenong

Phone : 9002 1378 / Millie Direct - 0413 309 758

Hours of Business : 10-8pm

Rates : 45 min / $70

Age : 24

Size/shape : Slim, fit body

Nationality or Ethnicity : French

Services Provided : Massage, nude bodyslide, hj

Value for money/recommend? : Yes, but expensive

Was planning to be in the Dandenong area today so looked around locanto for something of interest. An ad popped up showing a hot French girl doing massage (https://melbourne.locanto.com.au/ID_...e-Preston.html). Sent a message with a time and got confirmation right away with an address. Quick google showed it to be the sahara spa address. Was a bit disappointed since I was looking for a private operator but went ahead with the booking.

Location of this shop is terrible. You have to walk through the gym reception and tell them you're going to Sahara spa, might as well say, "hi, i'm robot and I'm going to be going up to get jerked off). The shop itself is nothing like the amazing setup at Hawthorn, instead a basic reception and room setup. Anyway, met at reception by Millie who was wearing their black uniform. She was quite beautiful and friendly. Body wise she has a perky set of b-cups, tight skinny body (which I find out later because she does a lot of dancing) and cute ass. Perfect!

Shown to the room and nude up before she returned. I asked her for a firm back massage then relaxing for the rest. Honestly, she did little but rub lots of oil around with a little pressure. It was relaxing but not enough if you want to loosen up your back.  No indication of being naughty before the flip and she keeps away from the private areas and on the flip she covers me with the modesty towel.  The front massage was mostly light rubs around the upper thigh so I got the hint and asked the extras question. Prices were $50 HJ, $70 topless, $100 nude, $150 bodyslide. I wanted the bodyslide option even though it was expensive but wanted to see her body but only had $120 on me. Luckily she agreed and went to lock but doors.

When she returned and stripped I wasn't disappointed! She has an amazing body with perky boobs that sit perfectly, fit body and shaved/waxed pussy. She got up on the table with me and sat on my thighs just short of my dick and started slowly oiling herself up. It was an amazing sight and got me insta-hard. Then started an amazing body slide giving little bot lots of attention with her tits while I explored her ass and light pussy rubs. Lots of sensual eye contact, a few strokes of my dick, then more body slides. This went on for a long time and she was in no rush to finish me off. When the time was coming to an end she switched to full HJ mode and she knows how to handle a cock alright with lots of various techniques to get you on edge before an eruption.

Clean up with hot towels since they don't have a shower at this shop. Sucks since I was covered in oil then sent on my way.  Expensive but worth it. Might see her again but will head to one of their other shops.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 26th September 2018, 08:22 PM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
When reading this u feel Robot would have had just paper in his wallet after entering the straight massage, but visions of a big bulge appearing in his wallet in the form of a wad of cash, just to cover the extra's price list roll off her tongue


