Floor: #1
Post Time: 6th March 2017, 05:48 PM
Poster ID: Wollee
Post Title: 
 Serenity Thai Massage 16 Kingston Rd Heatherton 8555 9727 / 0411 057 759
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Hannah

Establishment : Serenity Thai Massage

Date of Visit : 24/2/17

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 16 Kingston Rd Heatherton 8555 9727 / 0411 057 759

Hours of Business : 10.00am till 8.00pm

Rates : $45 for 30 min, $69 for the hour

Age : 40

Size/shape : Slim, very attractive. Bob style haircut, attractive round face 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Thai Massage, no extras...YET

Value for money/recommend? : Yes...but

My experience/comments : Was in the area for more golf lessons and was going to visit Pukki at Sheva Thai Massage. Parked in front of her shop and spied a new shop 2 door down. Nice clean shop frontage which led me in side for a gander. The premises were immaculate. Was met by mamasan who asked the questions and I opted for 30 minutes at $45. Shown to room 1 where Hannah was waiting. Gave her the door fee, she left, I stripped of. She returned and asked me to lie on the table.

She then placed a light towel or sarong over my body and commenced a competent Thai style massage. Worked all the muscle groups which was good. Hannah moved the sarong from areas being massaged, then put it back when working on the opposite side of the body. She did this on my shoulders, back, thighs and calves. Good long strokes up and down my body. When she was working on my buttocks (which were uncovered) I suddenly felt a cold feeling. I turned and saw that Hannah was sitting on the end of the table and using her feet to massage my buttocks. Wow, this is a first....here is me thinking that on the flip I was going to get a foot job.!!! (Later)

A good conversation was had with me detailing previous experiences when visiting her home town of Bangkok. A few laughs about massages, ladyboys and other vices. Hannah continued with her massage, but I sensed that it was only going to be 'straight'.

On the flip she held the sarong in the modesty fashion so she could not see my cock. This was a pity as he was upstanding at this time. She lay the sarong on me, but the 'wood' was on show underneath it. Again she moved the sarong when working on my chest, but put it back when she finished in that area. Down to my calves and she moved it again. This is where it got interesting.

Hannah oiled up her hands and from the end of the table, slid her hands under the sarong and started to rub up my thighs to my abdomen in long smooth strokes. Up and down getting ever so close to my hard cock without touching it. As she went up I raised my body in tune with her stroke. The feeling she created was so erotic in anticipation of what could possibly could happen next.

I smiled, she did too and that was that. I nodded, she smiles again and nothing else. Then I ask the question...politely.... No was the answer, not today as I don't know you...but, but, but... 

I resigned to lie back and enjoy the last few minutes....but I wanted more and asked when she was working next...in a couple of weeks...I will wait. Hannah cleaned me up with hot towels and a nice hug. My 'woody' was pointing at her as I left.....This is not finished....I will return.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 22nd March 2017, 11:31 AM
Poster ID: Wollee
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Followed up with a return visit with Hannah. Booked an hour at $69 and as she had not arrived was asked to wait on a couch at the front door. Approx 10 minutes later a woman in a seductive blue dress and stiletto heels walks thought the front door and down the corridor. The girl who originally met me comes up and tells me that Hannah has arrived and shows me to room 1 and tells me to get undressed. 

Shortly thereafter Hannah knocks on the door and walks in. She had changed. No longer looking alluring, although still pretty, she is wearing the shop uniform of a top and long flowing pants. Same clothing she wore at our last meeting. Highly non sexual and 'no quick release'. I offer Hannah a tip of a $50 note and she slides it under her top, presumably under her bra strap.

That being said, Hannah begins her work. She draped me in the sarong and commenced an excellent Thai Massage, as per the review below. On the flip it gets interesting in that she starts the upper thigh and abdomen massage, but somehow losses the sarong that last time hid the family jewels. As she continues the massage, her hands get closer and closer to the rod, which was loud and proud. She started to caress him with both hands, then backing off to use her thumbs around my butt cheeks. This alternated for some time until I could not take anymore. Her hands worked their magic and the long shot landed on my chest. She then milked me for every drop left in the tank. 

Hannah then climbed off the table and cleaned me up. She then finished her work by giving me a nice face and head massage. I know I overpaid for a clothed tug, but what Hannah provided was an exceptional 15-20 minutes of highly erotic cock play.

WIR.....Probably not, as I feel that if any extra delights would be available, it would be at a excessive premium.


