Thread Title: Stella - Orchid Body Works Caulfield 03 8395 2758
Floor: #1
Post Time: 23rd March 2018, 01:30 PM
Poster ID: Sandman73wick
Post Title: 
 Stella - Orchid Body Works Caulfield 03 8395 2758
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Stella

Establishment : Orchid Body Work

Date of Visit : 20/3/2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 1000 Glenhuntly Road Caulfield 83952758

http://melbourne.locanto.com.au/ID_1...Time-Only.html

Hours of Business : 10am - 8pm

Rates : $65 hr + $35

Age : 20-22

Size/shape : size 6 small breasts shapely bum very attractive 

Nationality or Ethnicity : PRC 

Services Provided : massage + clothed HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : 

I found this place on the way home following a very ordinary punt which left me with severe case of blueballs.  As a regular up & down Glen Huntly Rd never noticed this place previously until I saw the flashing neon massage sign so I decided to pull over and go in and check them out.  A tidy looking young lady come to front to meet me after I pushed bell for service, told her I was after one hour, she said to comeback at 4.30pm so I said ok & off I went. As I was leaving noticed a couple of other young girls in shop so I was hopeful of success on my return. Found the attached ad on Locanto as I recalled seeing it but couldn't find them on BP / Cracker or even Facebook.

Returned to shop met by different girl who took care of me. Her name was Stella very cute looking wearing glasses with a very nice slim athletic body wearing figure hugging tight shorts.  Took me into first room from quick obsvervation might be 3 or 4 rooms here.  Got undressed layed down Stella returned said I get an extra 15 minutes today & proceeded to apply hot oil onto my back followed by hot stones and then covered me in a towel and said she would return 15 minutes.  As I lay there enjoying this new sensation I began to think this might be legit and I'll strike out for second time today!

Stella returned removed the stones and began to give me a very sensual massage with just the right amount of oil which I must say I rather enjoyed as I nearly nodded off it was that good. As she was finishing on my legs she could see from my hints that wanted some extra so she leans and whispers in my ear you want to massage between you legs? My fears now allayed I took up this gorgeous girls offer.  For someone so young she has the teasing down pat with her small soft hands she had me soon raising my butt to give her better access to my bits and she skilfully massages my balls and shaft to the point I ininiated the flip.

On seeing my arousal I asked her how much replied $30 which I agreed to. She then gently initiated a slow sensual massage of my balls followed by twisting, caressing & stroking of my cock using only enough oil to get me lubed up as I caressed her shapely arse. She was giving me the 5 star, slow strokes telling me how hard I was not one glimpse to the clock as she continued this heavenly HJ often looking at me as I was reacting to her skilful wrist play and touching.  

I couldn't last any longer and after 5 minutes with this beauty i told her faster & soon she was watching my cum go everywhere. She made sure I was completely empty I can assure you and her gentle stroking was a pleasure to watch, she even complimented me on my cock and my big load that I gave her.  She cleaned us both up wipe me down with a warm cloth and asked me what I wanted as I had 15 minutes left. I opted for a foot massage to finish on and again this girl amazed me with the best foot massage I have had to date from many visits to MP over the years.

i got dressed and when Stella returned I sincerely thanked her told her this was my first visit and experience with hot stones and I am ver satisfied, so I gave her the full change from my massage punt $35 which she thanked me for. She deserved it especially after my failed earlier punt I was more than happy to reward this beauty, just wish I could have seen her body naked.

WIR yes I would, not sure what else is on offer here but will find out in coming weeks.

Happy Punting


Floor: #2
Post Time: 27th March 2018, 01:30 PM
Poster ID: Sandman73wick
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I recall another member saying how many MP are popping up now and where you see them, came across another today on way home from a session while a was grabbing some lunch.  Might be a walk of shame as right next to Subway 1221 Glenhuntly Road and they have a link advertising young students open 7 days 10am - 8pm.
http://melbourne.locanto.com.au/ID_1...l-Massage.html


Floor: #3
Post Time: 27th March 2018, 11:41 PM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by Sandman73wick


I recall another member saying how many MP are popping up now and where you see them, came across another today on way home from a session while a was grabbing some lunch.  Might be a walk of shame as right next to Subway 1221 Glenhuntly Road and they have a link advertising young students open 7 days 10am - 8pm.
http://melbourne.locanto.com.au/ID_1...l-Massage.htm
"""



It was probably me :


Floor: #4
Post Time: 18th April 2018, 10:58 AM
Poster ID: Sandman73wick
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lin/Lynn

Establishment : Orchid Body Work

Date of Visit : 3/4/2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 1000 Glen Huntly Road - 8395 2758

Hours of Business : 10am - 8pm 7 days

Rates : $70 / hr + $30

Age : 30ish

Size/shape : 5' 2" petite, young face tight jeans showed off nice arse probably size 6-8

Nationality or Ethnicity : PRC

Services Provided : massage clothed HJ

Value for money/recommend? : YMMV but I have enjoyed the Hot Stone & Oil on top of massage 

My experience/comments : 

Thought I'd go in for return visit to see if any value in this spot given previous experience with Stella.

Met Lin upon arrival asked for 1hour hot stone oil massage, Lin is short in stature pretty cute nice cheeky smile who was wearing tight fitting jeans and baggy top. Taken into same room as last visit got undressed when Lin returned she placed change on chair & began to apply the hot oil and stones to my back and rather than leave like Stella last time she commenced to massage my feet which made the experience even more relaxing.  

Following removal of stones after 15 mins she commenced a great relaxation massage which nearly put me to sleep, I reckon I did give a couple of snores but quickly gathered my senses once she gave the aggots a little tickle and my groins a really good rubbing prior to flipping me over.  Would rate the massage a solid 8.5/10 and her transfer from leg massage to erotic massage a 9/10 she knows what she is doing and recognises the singnals and acts on these to give satisfaction.  Clearly on flip I was aroused and she continued with massage of legs and stomach with lots of ball and shaft play leading up to her asking the ultimate question once I placed my hand on her tight little covered arse.

No negotiation just into the RNT applying just enough oil for aided stimulation. Loved her rhythm and tenderness of the HJ 
Caressing my chest, nipples balls all while letting me feel her arse & back with occasional brushing between her legs which she would signal no further by standing on her toes to restrict my reach.  Multiple times she would get me close to cuming, but would back off each time teasing me with oohs & ahs before finally bring me to orgasm softly saying yes yes yes to help me empty out all my contents as I flexed my toes and legs during my release.

Without fuss Lin cleaned me up with tissues and warm towel all over body, gave me a sitting neck and back rub to finish with.  Before collecting the money from chair she asked how I felt, I winked back saying beautiful very relaxed thanks, she asked if I would like a bottled water when I left and then left me to get dressed.

So far this sight has delivered on both occasions with low cost clothed HJ with no upselling or pushing for what seems to be $50 clothed HJ being starting price at most places.  

Will return for future visits, not sure if there is anything else on offer at this MP as no indication from either ML that more extras on offer.


