Floor: #1
Post Time: 18th July 2016, 08:07 PM
Poster ID: Wollee
Post Title: 
 Summer Flower Massage Therapy - 1/415 Hampton Street Hampton - 9598 0019
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lucy

Establishment : Summer Flower Massage Therapy 

Date of Visit : 3rd June 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 1/415 Hampton Street Hampton Vic Tel 9598 0019

Hours of Business : 10.00 am till 8.00 pm

Rates : $50 for 30 minutes plus Extras

Age : Mid 30's

Size/shape : Tall Medium Build. Very good looking in figure hugging dress

Nationality or Ethnicity : Vietnamese - Hanoi

Services Provided : Massage and Tug

Value for money/recommend? : Yes


My experience/comments : I saw reviews of this venue on another site and as I was down bayside way, I rocked up unannounced. The house is actually located in the side street, Grenville Street.

Met at the front door by a slim woman, who was dressed in a coat, red dress and black tights. Took me to a room and asked how long. I said about 4 inches and she laughed. Off to a good start. Booked 30 minutes, $50, and she stays as I get undressed. She also undressed....sort of...she removed her coat to reveal a very short, figure hugging red dress. She then sat on the massage table and removed her tights to reveal a lacy pair of black knickers with a butterfly cut into the back. Very sensuous. I am thinking to myself, this is going to be good....

I climbed onto the work bench and she started a pretty decent massage. During our conversation, she told me that she works here on a Friday and at another shop in Burke Rd Camberwell, near the station, on Wednesdays. She would not elaborate with the name of the shop.

On the flip, she offered nude for an extra $50. I told her that if I wanted nude, I want it from the start of the massage. I took the $30 HJ option, but no touching. Ok. I laid back, closed my eyes and she did her best but it was not working. I suggested that if I could touch, it might be quicker. She agreed. I lifted her dress and played with her knickers and arse cheeks. I got a finger under the elastic on her knicks and the thought of what I might find was enough to get the pump working. Good stuff....splat...

She cleaned me up and finished with a head massage. A good punt and worth a return, particularly knowing what awaits with my $50

As usual ...YMMV. Good punting...Wol.

(PS Sorry for the delay in posting, but as it is a new Thread, I could not C&P. Had to wait for access to a real computer...lol...)


Floor: #2
Post Time: 18th July 2016, 11:23 PM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
i was told about this shop a month ago, and visited, but the girl did not appeal, and i thought about re visiting another day, but this is just one of hundreds of shops now, and its just too hard to fit it in lol.  I knew wollee would eventually find this one too


Floor: #3
Post Time: 19th July 2016, 01:44 PM
Poster ID: Tripod
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Burke rd camberwell near the station sounds like 3 sisters Woll??


