Thread Title: Takagi Massage - 8393 0655 New number = 0468 920 192
Floor: #1
Post Time: 19th November 2013, 04:54 PM
Poster ID: OzPete
Post Title: 
 Takagi Massage - 8393 0655 New number = 0468 920 192
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lily??

Establishment : Glenhuntly Rd

Date of Visit : 17-11-13

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :472 Glenhuntly Rd, Elsternwick 0410 382 590

Hours of Business : 10am - 8pm

Rates : $30 1/2 hr + $30

Age : mid/late 30s

Size/shape : average

Nationality or Ethnicity : PRC

Services Provided : massage + HJ + titty play

Value for money/recommend? : Yes


Happened past this place, seems a new one. Thought i would give it a go. Walked in and greeted by slightly older PRC but not unattractive. Asked for 1/2 at $30. Shown into a smallish but clean room. Stripped off and lay on the table and a few minutes later she returned. Was asked the usual questions, hard or soft massage, oil etc. Massage was actually quite good, full back, shoulders and legs worked on. Once her hands got to thighs there was definite brushing of the boys so i had a good feeling on this one. On the flip cock was at attention to which she looked at me, smiled and made the universal sign for HJ. Negotiated for an extra $30. More oil applied and good long smooth strokes, not as mechanical as some so was very enjoyable. I reached up and went for the titty rub and was rewarded with tits being flopped out. Not huge but lovely big nipples which i proceeded to play with and give a little sucking. Stroking of my cock continued until the deed was complete. Hot towels used to clean me up and with about 10 minutes left, a bit more massage. Very relaxing and not rushed. Would i return, yes. I also think more may be on offer.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 17th December 2013, 02:52 PM
Poster ID: Han Solo
Post Title: 
 472 Glen Huntley Rd, Elsternwick - 0410 382 590
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Mimi

Establishment : No actual business name, sign out from just says 'massage'

Date of Visit : 12/12/2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 472 Glen Huntley Rd, Elsternwick 0410-382-590
Ad was found in the "Glen Eira Leader" rag, under heading 'Brand New Massage'

Hours of Business : 10am til 8pm (need to confirm this)

Rates : currently their opening special rate is 30min $30, 45 min $40, 1hr $50 + tip for extras 

Age : mid 40's

Size/shape : tall and thin, with no ass and probably an "A" cup at best.

Nationality or Ethnicity : PRC

Services Provided : R&T

Value for money/recommend? : No

My experience/comments : New place advertised in the Glen Eira Leader, thought I'd TOFTT and see what was on offer.
Rang during the day to see if walk-ins were accepted, they were. So I swung past on my way home from work.
Shop front is totally frosted, can't see in or out. Get in side and it is a eye opener. Looks as though they have got partition walls from a place that was going to be demolished! It has seriously been thrown together in about 17 minutes. The room I was shown to had 2 doors a meter apart form each other, leading to the same hall way...lol And the door didn't lock or latch, just stayed closed by a wedged piece of ply wood...wtf
Anyways..... I looked past all of this and soldiered on.
Girl who met me at the door was a short frumpy thing, she led me to "THE" room and left for me to undress. I get on the bed full nude, and no towel for covering up. In walks the ML, says "hello". Now I think, this is not the girl who just showed me to the room... Why would she say hello twice?? I lift my head to see an overly tall PRC woman. Soon as I see her face and eyes I can tell she is no spring chicken. We exchange pleasantries and she asks how I like my massage, I go with medium to firm. Ok was the reply, touching my ass the whole time we are talking.
The massage begins, she slaps on a bit of oil and gets to work........ would have to say, worst massage I have had. It was pretty much her just rubbing her hands over my body, no flow or method. The only positive I could give to her style is that she uses her nails to tickle the inside of your legs and bum cheeks from time to time. There is no real tackle play, or a reach under even if you raise your hips.
Time to flip.... she gets a little oil for the front of legs and starts her not so magical technique again. She asks how is it, am I feeling good....and I lie and say 'yes'
She asks would I like HE, and I replied "sure"..... She asked for $30 tip, and I said sorry "I can only offer $20, So don't worry thanks" "Oh okay, for you $20! But next time you come, you pay $30"..... "ha.....no problem" (she asked me to pay first before she continued)
When she started I rubbed her on the leg, she pulled away but damn they were silky smooth and soft. I rubbed my hand on her ass on the outside of her dress. Went to go underneath but she pulled away again. She said I pay more I can have more next time. So I asked if she would get naked for more money and she said she would, but never said how much more. Not sure if I would want to see her naked, she had no boobs and not much ass.
After the average hj was finished, she cleaned me up and then "massaged" the front of my legs for a further 5 mins and then said "okay darling, finished"
All this happened in a 20 minute time frame.
IMOP she is there for the tips, so if you're just after an empty out she's your girl....anything more, spend your hard earned elsewhere or ask for another ml.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 19th December 2013, 05:05 PM
Poster ID: OzPete
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Have been there a few times, and yes not set up particularly well, slapped together quickly it looks like. Have seen the older lady there a couple of times, can't remember her name but she has a slight under bite. Her massage is good, lots of tackle play. For $30 + $40 for nude and DATY (which she loves) i have found it good value. Yes, a little cheap and nasty but a guaranteed happy ending if you're in the mood.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 8th April 2016, 12:19 PM
Poster ID: Billabong Bill
Post Title: 
 Tagaki Massage  - 472 Glenhuntly Rd Elsternwick  - 8393-0655
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Mamasan

Establishment : Tagaki 

Date of Visit : 23 March 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :472 Glenhuntly Rd Elsternwick; 8393-0655

Hours of Business : 10am to 10 pm

Rates : $40 + $20

Age : ~50

Size/shape : Short, curvy

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : HJ, semi-nude

Value for money/recommend? : Only if in particular need

My experience/comments : 

I have been in here a few times and the process is always pretty much the same, so describe the last one. I arrive and Mamasan (as always) is the only one working there (she is the only one I have ever seen there, although I have heard slightly muffled moans from the next booth). She hustles me into to the little room (just 3/4 height walls) and I negotiate and extra $20 for the massage and "nude" HJ. I arrange myself on the table and she returns after answering the phone. She is wearing long blue pants h and which she pulls down to mid thigh and a loose top which she pulls up, with her rather tatty bra, under her chin. The reason for this performance has long since become clear. When another customer arrives, she quickly pulls up and down respectively and attends to the client with "I busy, you come back twenty minutes" or "You go in there get ready. I no be long". Then she is back to proceed with a rather perfunctory massage, a bit of fiddling and then on to a pretty OK handjob. She must have pulled 10,000 dicks in her time so I guess she should have developed a certain skill. While this is going, I get a grab of her droopy tits and a bit of a fiddle with her fanny, she gets me over the line and we are done. 

All told it works OK when she's not too is busy, but once she has the next sucker (sorry esteemed client) in the next booth, it  becomes production line time and it's clear she wants you out and on to the next one. None of this lying together for a little cuddle and a chat, I'm afraid. Apart from that, not a bad sort and she gives you the goods at a reasonable price.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 6th March 2018, 05:30 PM
Poster ID: Sandman73wick
Post Title: 
 No Name - Takagi Massage - 8393 0655 New number = 0468 920 192
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Can't Recall 

Establishment : Takagi Massage

Date of Visit : 12/2/2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 472 Glenhuntly Road (ph is disconnected)

Hours of Business : 10am to 9pm

Rates : $70

Age : 40's

Size/shape : size 10

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian

Services Provided : Massage/ HJ

Value for money/recommend? : No

My experience/comments : 

This store i walk past daily to catch train and I remember the brother in law going for a massage and getting the offer last year when he done the marathon so I thought I would check it out. Walked in around 7pm as for a 1hr massage shop was small a couple of rooms with one lady at the front assuming owner she would be in her 40's in a yellow dress with curves and boobs hanging over the top of her bra which I was now thinking about feeling!

she took me into the first room and asked me what I wanted again she was hard to understand (poor English) so I said the 1 hr rub with extra she nodded said $70 so gave $100 she left bringing back change which i was going to use for my delight. Room was fair and tidy towels were soft and clean and int the form of a swan on the table to make it look legit but the tissues and hand towels presented other ideas.

I layed face down naked waiting for her to return, she commenced massage using not too much oil but I got the gist of what to expect when she began to apply all over my body carefully spilling some between my arse cheeks.  She gave a rather good massage I must admit along with the usual ball touching she got in between my cheeks and gave the backdoor a good rub which I was taking as a good sign but to no avail it would later turn out. 

After around 40 minutes (clock on wall) she asks me to flip and asks how much for HJ as she grabs the old fella caressing it, i signalled $30 she asked for $50 but reading other reviews decided to stand my ground and she nodded ok.  She then proceeded to smother me in oil and commenced stroking me, I hate too much oil. Anyway after around 10 minutes I was thinking I wasnt gonna leave a deposit as I wasn't enjoying her style wasn't much effort so I motioned BJ but she shook her head, I thought fuck I ain't gonna get off. I think she recognised this and could see the time encroaching so without my asking she then lifted her top to show a reasonable set of tits that were suprisingly firm for her age moving my hy hand on to her, not wanting to let freebies slip by I began gently caressing her right tit tweaking her nipples. She decided to massage my arse with her finger in circling motion while continuing the HJ, I asked for tissue to get rid of some oil it wasn't until this that I managed to get aroused enough to spill my beans she tried hard to sound sexy saying ooh cum cum as she drained me. 

After a a quick hot cloth wash down and neck rub I was done. Got up got dressed when she returned gave her the $30 and quickly left doing the walk of shame as there is restaurant couple of doors down.

Shop  6/10

HJ    5/10

massage 6.5/10

Looks. 5/10

This place didn't do it for me and I won't be going back for seconds. 

Might try for younger gal in my next punt.

Happy Punting chaps.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 5th April 2018, 06:09 AM
Poster ID: Sandman73wick
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Looks like this shop might have changed hands recently by the adds I'm seeing in Locanto, pics are obviously honey 🍯 to get clientele migh5 have to stick my head in the door & say gdday.

http://melbourne.locanto.com.au/ID_2...s-massage.html


Floor: #7
Post Time: 14th May 2018, 10:48 AM
Poster ID: OzPete
Post Title: 
 Takagi massage, Elsternwick
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sarah


Establishment : Takagi. 472 Glenhuntly Rd, Elsternwick


Date of Visit : 7/5/18


Hours of Business : 10am till 8pm


Rates : $40 for 30min + $40 extra 


Age : early 20s


Size/shape : Very nice with gorgeous breasts


Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese


Services Provided : topless HJ


Value for money/recommend? : good (in my opinion)


Would i return: yes


Have been to this place a few times, rather local for me. Usually older PRC women which i don't mind. Strolled in and a younger girl came out, shortish, blonde streaks in her hair and some sort of funky outfit, didn't get a good vibe so asked if anyone else working. Sarah walks out, slim average body, long dark hair and a nice natural look to her. So 30 mins with Sarah it was. She is very cute, smiles a lot and seems to enjoy what she does. Massage was a bit average, a bit too soft, but there was definite tackle play which got me nice and hard. On the flip asked if i wanted extra, as in HJ. She offered $50 topless and we settled on $40. Top came off and revealed stunning breasts with very large suckable nipples. Great handy work and soon the deed was done. All cleaned up, off i went one very happy camper.


Floor: #8
Post Time: 7th February 2019, 01:04 AM
Poster ID: pancho
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Takagi Massage - Olivia - Elsternwick - Victoria


Person's Name : Olivia


Establishment : Takagi. 472 Glenhuntly Rd, Elsternwick Victoria


Date of Visit : Late January 2019


Hours of Business : 10am till 8pm


Rates : $50.00 for HJ


Age : Pushing 40


Size/shape : Slightly chubby with good tits and nice curves.


Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese


Services Provided : HJ


Value for money/recommend? : Yes

In the mundane shopping centre of Elsternwick there is a jerk off shop that sticks out like dogs balls. 

I dash in and a chubby ML appears. "You want massar?" Inspired by the negotiating skills of Jersey Bull, I reply "No, just hand job". She smiled broadly and says "Yeah ok $50.00". Music to my ears.

Olivia is bright and cheery. She wears too much make up but is attractive in a strange sort of way. She has big tits, thick lips, large dark eyes, and a big bird's nest of jet black hair. She is wearing a short dress, but her fanny is securely locked away under a pair of witches britches elasticised under wear. 

She gets down to business quickly and oils up my limp dick. I explain that the reason is me not her. She is confident she can get me over the line. So am I. She starts a really good hand job and soon enough Young Pancho rises to the occasion. 

Now we are getting somewhere. I have a crack at her down stairs region but the underwear is too protective. So I give her tits a bit of a tweak here and there. She is stroking my cock and caressing my balls, but I can't cum. 

I try a bit of DIY. She joins in by sticking a finger up my arse. I accidentally let out a short fart. It makes an oily bubble sound. Olivia, a true professional trouper, kept a straight face, quickly removed her finger and focused on the job at hand. 

She uses two hands and a few fake moans to finally jackhammer me over the line. She seems genuinely pleased with her handiwork. And rightly so.

Olivia was the perfect antidote to The Nazi Barber of Ormond.


