Thread Title: Thai Soul Massage & Spa - Glenhuntly Rd Elsternwick 95284778
Floor: #1
Post Time: 14th March 2018, 01:43 PM
Poster ID: Sandman73wick
Post Title: 
 Thai Soul Massage & Spa - Glenhuntly Rd Elsternwick 95284778
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Unknown

Establishment : Thai Soul Massage & Spa

Date of Visit : 13/3/2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Thai Massage Melbourne | Glenhuntly Rd, Elsternwick | Thai Soul Massage & Spa

Hours of Business : 10am - 10pm

Rates : $75 hr

Age : 18 - 20

Size/shape : plumpish A cups

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai / Malay

Services Provided : Massage only

Value for money/recommend? : massage no

My experience/comments :

I was bought a gift voucher from this site for my birthday after I had told the sis & bro in law of this shop when they were down for the long weekend. They wanted some pampering on Saturday before going out on the night so I told them only site I had been to which was what I expected to be a legit site and they would enjoy the morning whilst i took the nephews out and about for the day. 

Never to be one to look a gift horse in the mouth I redeemed part of the gift voucher yesterday looking for maybe a bit of luck given the hours they operate. Arrived as walk up trade showed her the gift voucher opted for $75 hr (my norm) still leaving me another $75 for future use.  The skinny looking lass on the counter even gave me a loyalty card and stamped it offering a free massage after 10, thought might be some good frequent flyer miles here if it is offering extras!

Was taken through the door and introduced to an average looking very young lass, she did mention her name but I didn't hear it correctly and didn't ask again quite frankly.As I was lead through the shop I was taken to a room at far back of shop very well laid out store with a number of rooms even with a dedicated foot massage area.  All this and young looks sort of made my mind up that this was going to be me TOFFT.  I was shown into a room that was well lit great table good ambience told leave my underwear on and no real tell tale signs for what I thought might be on offer. So now my mind was made up this was going to be a straight up massage no extras today young man.

The massage wasn't that great she must have been NTI as she wasn't strong enough and didn't focus on areas where I offered a bit of a twitch when she hit a tight spot in my back.  The leg massage was pretty much the same never going high up the thigh / groin or underneath the boxers. The only thing I did enjoy was the foot massage and the cold water on the way out.  

I did did notice some other older ladies (30's) who I said hello to on my way out they were returning from a coffee so not sure if any of these may offer extras services but I think keeping on the underwear was a strange sensation following habitually now nuding up.

WIR yes but only to use the other half of the voucher that someone else's hard earned paid for and with a different ML. I Won't be using my hard earned here unless anyone else can say they have had success Punting here???

Went back home and thought stuff it, it's me birthday & I'm treating myself so have a shower freshen up get online to get a booking for later in the day at another establishment not to far away.

Hope this assists anyone else thinking of this establishment for future punts.

Happy Punting


Floor: #2
Post Time: 15th March 2018, 07:58 AM
Poster ID: tryhardaussie
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hey Sandy 
Were you asked to leave your undies on or is that your usual MO? 
Even if signs say leave on I take off, and do so for a number of reasons. 
Firstly if extras are available its an easy way for the ML to stroke or brush the gonads.
Secondly I still want my gluteus maximus (And boy is it maximus) massaged without then soiling my jocks with oil.
Finally if its legit I get to engage in a little exhibitionism without getting into trouble. The idea of flashing sometimes appeals. Hehe.  
THA


Floor: #3
Post Time: 15th March 2018, 08:51 AM
Poster ID: nextlif
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
This place has been around for ages and Im sure is 100% legit.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 15th March 2018, 05:34 PM
Poster ID: Sandman73wick
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
No she asked to keep them on my usual MO is always nude, couldn't recall any signs in the room, but like Nextlife says I reckon they're legit also


Floor: #5
Post Time: 23rd March 2018, 05:27 PM
Poster ID: Sandman73wick
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Nan

Establishment : Thai Soul Massage & Spa 

Date of Visit : 23/2/2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Glenhuntly Rd 9528 4778

Thai Massage Melbourne | Glenhuntly Rd, Elsternwick | Thai Soul Massage & Spa

Hours of Business : 10am - 10pm

Rates : $75 Hr

Age : 20 - 25

Size/shape : Short small breasts cute looking

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : massage only ☹️

Value for money/recommend? : only for massage

My experience/comments : 

Well as promised I went back to this place to use the balance of a voucher and to see if there is perhaps anything else on offer here as I Was feeling toey. Thought I might try my luck again but not on my coin to see if any shenanigans goes on here. 

Any way walked in asked for hour to the lady on front desk, gave her my voucher and she asked th3vusual questions and then asked me to take a seat in their waiting area until she came back.  She led me thru to Nan, a small very good looking Thai girl with what I could see was a nice body underneath her uniform. Nan takes me right to the very of this joint into a massage room with two tables, shower & steam room, I thought it might be on.  Then it came, please on your underwear, dam, shit, fuck!  Anyway nothing happened not even a hint but I did recognise Nan from somewhere but not sure where from. For a qood massage and relaxation I would highly recommend this place but if you want a RNT / extras this ain't the place for you.

I left here to head up the road to my go to joint to get my needs attended to as I now needed to get over the disappointment.

Happy Punting


