Thread Title: Traditional Chinese Massage - Frankston - 03 9783 5546
Floor: #1
Post Time: 13th July 2018, 10:57 AM
Poster ID: pancho
Post Title: 
 Traditional Chinese Massage - Frankston - 03 9783 5546
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Unknown

Establishment : Traditional Chinese Massage

Date of Visit : 21/06/2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 13/15 Thompson Street Frankston Victoria. 
Phone (03) 9783 5546

Hours of Business : 10am to 8pm

Rates : Unknown

Age : 50+

Size/shape : skinny

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese 

Services Provided : Unknown - Take a wild guess

Value for money/recommend? : NO NO NO

My experience/comments : Normally I would not deem this worthy of a review. However it is the 1st of 3 punts on the same day. A mod also informed me that ought to review the duds, as well as the gems, because it helps other punters. Gotta keep up those auxxx KPIs.😋

It was early evening and dark and cold. Frankston is not my usual hunting ground, but I have sniffed around here before.


I had some unfinished business to attend to, upstairs at a joint in Thompson street. Too long a story to tell here.


So up I go. My old acquaintance is not there. A mature age ML greets me. I am not overly impressed with her on any level. 


She acts desperate for me to stay.  She all but put me in a headlock and threw in the back room. "5 min 5 min you wait 5 min, I look after you, please please just 5min, ok ? ok ?"  Geeezus, take a breath luv. I agree to wait 5 mins.


15 mins later I am getting pissed off at playing Mr Nice Guy. 20 mins later and  I decide to walk. 


Then I hear a punter leave. I felt sorry for the poor old ML and decided to stay. At least I knew she would give me a ripper service for waiting so long.


I hear footsteps, and in walks one of the ugliest old ducks I have ever seen. I demand to know where the marginally less ugly old duck is. 


She gives me a blank but arrogant look. No English, of course. She uses body language to demand that I get on the table. She had a really bad vibe about her.


Thankfully I was still dressed. I   tried again "No no no I want other lady !!"  She keeps on insisting I get on the table.


I walk down the hall towards the front door. UOD 2 calls out  to UOD 1. UOD1 pops out from a curtained cubicle and totally ignores me. The 2 Old  Ducks are screeching at each other, seemingly unaware that I am casually walking out the door.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 16th July 2018, 01:53 PM
Poster ID: Billabong Bill
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Brave boy to get up and walk on a matter of principle (though I see that you didn't end up walking so far). I have had my share of UODs, some of whom have gone off like veritable firecrackers. I find that the combination of low light and the small towel placed delicately across one's face will make a UOD with magic hands and perhaps persuasive lips more comely than you might have imagined.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 17th July 2018, 12:33 PM
Poster ID: Jassyhub2013
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Sounds like you dodged a bullet on this one. I think after waiting for 20 minutes and then, them trying to do a "switcharoo" on you. You did the right thing.
Thanks for the post and better luck next time!!


