Thread Title: U & I Body Care - Shop 3A 13-15 Thompson St Frankston - 9783 5546
Floor: #1
Post Time: 19th June 2013, 02:09 PM
Poster ID: Dave Hat
Post Title: 
 U & I Body Care - Shop 3A 13-15 Thompson St Frankston - 9783 5546
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Monica

Establishment : U & I Body Care -  Shop 3A 13-15 Thompson St Frankston

Date of Visit : 13/6/2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 9783 5546

Hours of Business : not sure

Rates : $75 for 1 hour massage ($30 for tug)

Age : 28-35

Size/shape : size 8 tallish slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Massage first, HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes if you want very good massage and a good tug but no if you want more.

My experience/comments :

This was my second visit here both with Monica, the first time i forgot her name so didn't post a review. I found out from her that she also sometimes works and Sister body care in Frankston and Chelsea Body Care which all seemed to be owned by the same person. In fact the second time i went they were busy and had to call someone over from the other shop(luckily for me it was Monica).

Both times the massage went very much the same way. First i was taken into the room and asked to take everything off and lie on the table, then when Monica came back in she covered me with the towel. She starts with the back and then moves the towel over and works the butt and the legs. A lot of butt work but not so much crack. When she did the legs, she got in there and did the inner thigh brushing past my balls a couple of times but even though it felt nice and i was starting to get hard, it felt like it was part of a great full body massage. At this stage the first time i was still very much unsure if anything extra would be on offer.

Then comes the flip and she held the towel up and placed it back over me, then massaged my chest, neck and arms. Then she moves to the legs and moves the towel up to my chest so its now only just covering down there. The left leg first and she moves the towel over still covering (only just). as she's massaging there is definite brushing and I'm sure she could easily see im hard by now. Then onto the right leg and she moves the towel so it is barely covering anything, i'm pretty sure my balls are hanging out at this stage. The first time i was still thinking this could still be part of the massage as it was very good and there was no blatant touching or brushing. Then after the leg she massaged my groin pushing the towel up as she did it, i was now completely exposed. Then after no more than 5 seconds came the question, "you want massage here?" Of course the answer was yes. $30 for the extra and i was happy to pay that much considering how good the actual massage was. The HJ was fairly standard with oil and she stood far enough away that i knew touching her was out of the question. After the tug she cleaned up then finished the massage, head and neck and it was done. 

She can be a bit chatty at times but not too much, I definitely got the feeling that there was no more on offer so haven't bothered to ask. I will be returning for sure. I would like to check out some of the other girls to see if they offer the same service.


