Floor: #1
Post Time: 6th July 2014, 06:19 PM
Poster ID: Passthru
Post Title: 
 Zanzibar - 283 Bay St, Brighton - 03 9596 6551 / 0415 726 616
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Angela

Establishment: Zanzibar Touch

Date of Visit: July 2014

Contact Details: 0469 101 457 – 283 Bay St Brighton
Full Body Sensual Massage by Angela young and beautiful 22, Brighton
Hours of Business: 7 days a week, call for hours

Rates: advertised $50 30mins,

Age: mid 20’s

Size/shape: slim with BOOTY, mid height, B Cup

Nationality or Ethnicity: African

Services Provided: almost a Massage, rubbing, HJ

Value for money/recommend?: Yes! 

My experience/comments:

Casually looking thru the usual online ads, found an interesting ad for an hot looking African girl. Pics looked good so worth a punt.
Made the appointment and turned up at the appointed time, bit of a wait but not too long and Angela comes out for the intro, mid height African girl with nice features and rocking bod and booty in a short tight dress.
We wander into the room and as I’m getting comfy decide to waste no time in popping the extras question. She’s acting coy at this stage and we finally establish service for this visit and pricing - $30 for a clothed handjob, nothing further in spite of giving some indicative numbers for more and seems more could be had on repeat visits. Especially when we’re sitting side by side and she’s stroking the member.
Long story short, some very light slight rubbing around back, legs and arms with the occasional slap on the hands when they wander under the short dress, over the top of the dress no problem and very easy to find no underwear there to obstruct if kitty kat was on the menu.
Flip pretty quick (her suggestion) and she’s obviously enjoying the view of the almost-risen and stroking the member with fingers, back of hand and arms while giving the occasional nipple twirl and tug.
We seem to go into a fairly long philosophical discussion about relationships and happiness, interesting but does cause some droopage even with my fingers wandering up her thigh under the dress – still the occasional slap when I get too close but encouraging on all fronts and for inflation.
We then go into a rather long massage, feely session from all sides and front where she pokes that magnificent booty out in reach and welcomes the handling over the dress in all areas but gives the slap away when getting too high under the dress.
This continues for a while and as she backs away, lifts her dress so I can see the bottom of her kitty then inserts a finger or two and makes a show of slowly pleasing herself while I can only look on and lick my lips. In all this time we also establish that she can be a “very ....... girl”.
She offers her fingers to check the state of moisture, yep, definitely moist, then moves into a slow build up on the wristie bringing me to full attention. Quite a bit of effective varied pace and pressure and soon brings me to completion with one hand working the muscle and the other hand holding the balls and underneath.
Last drops extracted and rubbing slows so she can then go out and bring back a towel and some warm water to clean up.
Exec summary – very well worth returning to see how far things can be taken, but need to establish the price points for whatever may be on offer to regulars.
WIR? - Hell yeah! Quite attractive (not her n pics but close) nice round, firm booty and very cheeky at times.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 6th July 2014, 06:27 PM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
The Zanzibar ad,






 Originally Posted by http://melbourne.locanto.com.au/ID_269393786/Full-Body-Sensual-Massage-by-Angela-young-and-beautiful-22.html

 Full Body Sensual Massage by Angela young and beautiful 22 - 22

Hi there!
My name is Angela I'm a gualified massage therapist offering full body sensual massage,Swedish relaxation and Lomi Lomi massage.both done using warm oil.l promise to provide you with a best service you won't leave disappointed!
I can't wait to put my magic hand on you
Showel and hot towels available
$70 to $80 for 60min and $ 50 for 30min
I work 7days Monday to sunday
Please call me for appointments on
0469101457 Thanks.


Is this a private ML or an establishment ?


Floor: #3
Post Time: 6th July 2014, 06:28 PM
Poster ID: Passthru
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
thanks Farti - yep, that's the one


Floor: #4
Post Time: 6th July 2014, 06:33 PM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Here's the weblink of the business,

Zanzibar Touch - Menu and Prices

Seems they have a few different phone numbers.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 16th June 2015, 06:20 AM
Poster ID: Johnjohn1691
Post Title: 
 Zanzibar - 283 Bay St, Brighton - 03 9596 6551 / 0415 726 616
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Coco
Establishment : Zanzibar
Date of Visit : 13 June 2015
Contact Details/AddressLocanto) http://melbourne.locanto.com.au/ID_3...tissue-24.html
Hours of Business : 10-8 10-6 Saturday
Rates : 1 hr:$80 (charged me 10 extra for Lomi Lomi)
Age : Mid 30's at a guess
Size/shape : 12/14 - C maybe d cup
Nationality or Ethnicity : Kenyan 
Services Provided: nude Massage & HJ (for an extra $70)
Value for money/recommend? : not really value for money money/no

I was in the neighbourhood last Saturday early so I did he rounds of Gumtree and Locanto to see if there was anything promising nearby and came upon this ad in Locanto - which seemed to fill the bill.
Got there and met coco at reception an she showed me to the room and left me to nude up. Interestingly she placed oils on the massage table (large sturdy) so when I climbed on I was already oils under for the under strokes. 
Coco is tall - I'd say about 5'11" jet black skin and even though a bit flabby everything (stomach, boobs butt) were rock solid.
Massage started she worked the whole bod and gave the arse some attention but stayed away from the crack which I really like so a bit disappointing. It was an ok lomilomi but I wouldn't go back for that.
After a few minutes I popped the question for nude (I've come to the conclusion asking for a handy may or may not get you nude but asking for nude always includes a handy so less opportunity for up sell on the up sell!!!) she said $70 which was ok by me so long as I was shown a good time.
She stripped off and got back to it. One nice feature was the boobs on the back of the head - they are big enough and firm enough for this to be a bit special. She did some teasing of the cock and balls which was nice but stayed right away from the crack. 
She would let me fundal her boobs fairly full on but only touch her arse cheeks (no bunghole play) and would let me near the pussy at all.
On the flip she rushed the tug (which was so so - a bit mechanical) and immediately go dressed and finished the session with a bit of standard Swedish.

Overall I was Wasn't satisfied- she wasn't  that into it and I expect a lot more arse play to get my return business. My impression is that she won't offer any more but you never know - the ad mentions 4 hands but on the strength of my experience I would risk the cost)
Ps: don't believe the photos on the ad


Floor: #6
Post Time: 16th October 2015, 07:59 AM
Poster ID: kenchan
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Name : Sarah

Establishment : Zanzibar Touch

Date of Visit : 19 Sep 2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0415726616 OR 95966551

Hours of Business : 10 am -8 pm (mon-fri) / 6 pm (weekends)

Rates : $80 for hour

Age : late 20s

Size/shape : slim 

Nationality or Ethnicity : African

Services Provided :Massage

Value for money/recommend? : Yes for massage

I texted and made an appointment. Arrived at the venue, went upstairs, nobody on the reception desk. Rang the bell, the door open near by, just a little bit and took about 20 second for Sarah to appear. Pleasant personality, took me to the room. Shower was available. Took the shower, then went to massage room and got ready for massage. She came in and started giving me massage. Very good massage, very firm pressure. I am not big fan of deep tissue because often I pressure bit too much to relax. But this was just perfect. Not many under body stroked, fair bit of oil and no hints, tease, accidental brushes. After 40 min, I was asked to flip. She placed a towel on me. I asked no draping was required, and she said she prefers it. I didn't feel like pushing any further than this. She continued to massage me and upon finish had a wipe down with a hot towel. It was really decent massage and was told ther are other ladies who give really good massage. Considering money I will be back but not in hurry.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 16th April 2018, 05:52 PM
Poster ID: tryhardaussie
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Coco 

Establishment : Zanzibar

Date of Visit : April

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://melbourne.locanto.com.au/ID_...ODDESS-28.html 
Hours of Business : 10am till 9pm (I think)

Rates : $90

Age : around 40

Size/shape : 12-13 Big cans 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Kenyan

Services Provided : Lomi Lomi + HJ 

Value for money/recommend? : Sort of 

My experience/comments : Booked for a Lomi Lomi hoping it was Angela who used to work in the area many years ago. I believe it was the same Angela who worked here at one stage then went private and solo. However it wasn't and those that know my SOP know that I don't back out of a booking. I had booked for 60 min Lomi and it was good so I did extend which was done in a more sensuous manner and very good it was. 
The Lomi Lomi   was indeed a genuinely good one and there were very slight tackle tickles but when the last 1/2 hour started the crown jewels and staff were given the attention they craved.
All in all a very competent massage and good HJ.

Total was $140 for the massage and $40 for the Hj. A shower is available with some quality soaps and shampoos. Not a rushed service from a pleasant lady who dispenses her black magic with efficiency.


