Thread Title: 403 Albany Hwy
Floor: #1
Post Time: 16th November 2010, 04:25 AM
Poster ID: asd46
Post Title: 
 403 Albany Hwy
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Gwen
Establishment: RNT
Contact Details/Address: 403 Albany Hwy - WA
Hours of Business: 10am - 9pm
Prices: $40 for half hour body massage and $40 for HJ
Age: 21
Size/shape: Slim;  Size 6 ; B
Nationality or Ethnicity:Taiwan
Services: Nuke ; HJ 

Value for money/recommend?: Good for RNT

My experience/comments:
She offers a very good massage but not sure about any extras except handjob. After finished with relaxing body massage, without asking she just proceed with hand relief. Not bad at all but she need to Polish her skills.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 11th December 2010, 03:52 AM
Poster ID: MOQ
Post Title: 
 403 Albany Hwy - WA
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Kara

Establishment (if applicable): 403 Albany Hwy - WA 

Contact Details/Address: 403 Albany Hwy - WA 

Hours of Business: (if known or applicable) ~9pm

Prices:
$70 for 1 hour massage
$50 for hand relief

Age: 21

Size/shape: Petite

Nationality or Ethnicity: Chinese

Services: Massage with extras

Value for money/recommend?: Recommend for someone who's looking to have proper massage as well as hand relief

My experience/comments: Pretty cute Chinese English student. Speaks reasonably good English. Seems to be quite new to the place, so the massage wasn't as good as I'd liked, but her friendly attitude makes up for it. Towards the end, she asked whether I was interested in extras. $50 for hand relief. Very satisfied. Will probably like to see her again.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 2nd March 2011, 01:40 PM
Poster ID: Xmin
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Does anyone have a contact number for this place?

Thanks in advance


Floor: #4
Post Time: 24th June 2011, 11:34 PM
Poster ID: mtcods
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : didn't ask

Establishment : 403 albany hwy

Date of Visit : coupla weeks ago

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 

Hours of Business :  didn't notice but I was there in mid afternoon,mid week

Rates : $70 1hr massage, $30 HJ

Age : maybe 20 possibly younger.


Size/shape : medium

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese(I think)

Services Provided : Massage,HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Terrible/Nope

My experience/comments : Went in this place on the off-chance it had what I wanted. Well it had some of what I wanted but none of it was executed well!?
The girl was friendly enough and I would have liked to see her tits but, no go. It was a cold day so she put a heater on which was good but, she put so much oil on I was swimming in it!? Then the massage started, or did it?....I could hardly feel anything! I thought she was warming up or something so let her go for a bit but then I had to say something...it barely changed though. All this light touching made me cold and I had to go for a piss so I used a towel to wipe some of tha damn oil off and went out the back to the dunny. Got back and the massage got no better. It was time to turn over and she kept a towel over me before massaging my stomach/chest at which point a tent pole reared it's head. She asked " you want HJ? $30" I said ok but wasn't allowed to touch at all!?! This was real soft on material. So I let her go for about 20mins...she got really tired so I showed her how to do it but there was no hope by this stage. Of course she couldn't take it that I didn't blow. I said "that's what happens when you don't at least get your tits out" She didn't ask me for the $30 after that.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 2nd November 2011, 11:20 AM
Poster ID: Shaven82
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Didn't ask

Establishment : 403 Albany Highway

Date of Visit : Month ago

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 403 Albany Highway

Hours of Business :  7 days

Rates : $70 1hr massage, $50 HJ

Age : 25?

Size/shape : Medium

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Massage, HJ

Value for money/recommend? : No

My experience/comments : The place is alright as far as AMPs go. The girl was young compared to some of the other joints around. The massage could barely be felt. The prices are the biggest turn offs as far as services go. $50 requested for a HJ? No way.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 2nd November 2011, 07:42 PM
Poster ID: BadAussieBoy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Can anyone help us out with a phone number for this place?

Cheers,

BAB


