Thread Title: 510 Murray St - Perth - 0413 538 091
Floor: #1
Post Time: 21st July 2013, 12:52 AM
Poster ID: sousmogogot
Post Title: 
 510 Murray St - Perth - 0413 538 091
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Shirley

Establishment : Massage - Perth CBD - Murray St

Date of Visit : May13

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :
http://perth.backpage.com/FemaleEsco...ans-22/3130371

Ph: 0413538091

510 Murray St, Perth

Hours of Business :
10-8

Rates : 30mins $40 + $50 HJ

Age : 30ish

Size/shape : 10, A-B cups

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : R&T

Value for money/recommend? : I won't be going back so, No

My experience/comments :
This one will be short and sweet. Walked in and asked for 30min, paid and a not so pretty girl who followed me in so was going to pull out but thought what the hell. The massage was shocking and on turn over asked if I wanted any extras, asked about HJ and she said $50 and I said let's do it and off she went. As I went to touch she mention no touch and had seemed annoyed I had asked which got me offside and her too. She could not get me across the line as I wasn't in the mood anymore and told her to stop so I could go so I gave her the money and left vowing never to return.
Place also not the cleanest either.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 25th July 2013, 04:27 PM
Poster ID: RedOctober
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
510 Murray st CBD
JJ health studio

Name - Jay and Linda

Visit 03/07/13

Ethnicity - Chinese

Age - late 20

Service - massage $70 and HJ $80

Value of money - not really

It was rainy Perth evening. I was seating home alone with next day overseas trip in mind. tickets are printed out, suitcase is packed and ... nothing else to do except watch useless telly. So the solution of good by kiss in some local establishment has been met by my little bro with  high  excitement. 

It was about 8pm and long trip to suburbs was not the best Option. So Murray st joint was a closest and best solution. I give them a call just to be sure "closing time"still to be sung. 

Frankly I had been here few times previously. 
My first visit had been made just a few days after opening and I was served by ... Man. Nothing wrong to have good massage from young man except I did expect reasonably looking Milf receptionist to provide it and took my trunks off. Well as I said I did enjoyed good strong massage with my best part burried under towel. Needless to say extra was not asked neither offered. 

From that moment I count this place as a legit and keep it on bottom of my priority list.

Things had changed when I called them around Xmas and lady has offered fs but somewhere in midland. I did ask about Murray st and she answered standard "talk to girls" bs. Means yes.

After that I had seen few girls including a/m Shirley. Massage was average but extras HJ and sometimes BJ were on offer. Shirley can do nude massage but it will cost far over $100. 

So this time I was sure everything will happen. It was 2 girls left for late hours. Jay was on reception and Linda on sofa enjoying txt with one hand on sling(?!). I did book an hour. 
Usual routine with gear down. First came Linda and bluntly asked "handjob?" I said yes and she disappeared. In a minute Jay came in and proceeded with good massage. I feel a little bit weird so tried a little  conversation with no great success. Half an hour later traditional  "turn over" has been whispered  and Jay has been replaced by Linda again. Money matter became tense - $80 HJ has been finally agreed with access but not direct. Average HJ and endless struggle for touch. Poisoned adventure combined with greedy Asian approach and not delivered promises. No eye contact and she stay as far as possible murmuring some swearing and talking to Jay in reception. WTF??? Finally I just close my eyes and tried to have better image than furious Chinese slut. It works and I cross a line.
The best part was after. I'm laying naked on massage table in cold room with a door ajar and jizz spread on my body ( well partly removed by paper kitchen towel) for 5 minutes until Jay came back. 
It's over she said.
What? It's less than 45 minutes and I paid for an hour. 
Ah ok I will do some head massage.
This time conversation was warmer. She's in biz for a year but will go home (Taiwan or Macao ?) soon. She never do HJ . Linda can offer fs but not in house. You need her mobile to arrange. 

15 minutes later fully dressed on ghe way out I spotted Linda on the same coach. When I asked her mobile she muttered something in mandarin again. definitely not See you Soon.  Jay tried her best to be polite so her explanation was I can use office mobile number to arrange Linda. I had been awarded with "10 get 1 free" bonus card most probably to keep me as regular. I do remember seeing both of them previously but not using their services. 


WIR - may be just because its on walking distance from my dwelling. I got what  i came for. But not Linda. You can find much friendlier average looking Chinese WL anywhere.

Suitable for lunch tug - yes if you are wearing your pants down somewhere  in QV2 office or around .
Overpriced - definitely.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 30th July 2013, 12:10 PM
Poster ID: RedOctober
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I just realised the best part of report has been missing. Linda had provided HJ wearing plastic sanitary glove. Frankly I had more fun with my rectum exams in New Orleans 20 years ago ( provided by huge black nurse)  than with one handed rubber covered clinical and cynical money (not dick) jamming operation in a middle of Perth. 
Good luck brother punters


