Thread Title: 780B Canning Hwy, Applecross - 0413 626 574
Floor: #1
Post Time: 7th December 2011, 12:02 PM
Poster ID: nverg
Post Title: 
 780B Canning Hwy, Applecross - 0413 626 574
				
Post Content: 
Just tried the new RnT 780b Canning Hwy Applex after being told about it by Stephanie from In Touch Massage Rivervale.  Applecross shop is same owner as Rivervale and Stephanie is the start up girl at Applecross.

Great choise too.

In typical Stephanie fashion she welcom me with a smile and as soon as cubicle door was shut asked me if I wanted her treatment for $250.

Having heard about it on other forums i quickly agreed and rid myself of spare cash and clothes.

Stephanies massage is fantasitic if your horny but if your after a massage for an injury youve come to the wrong place.  There was ball fondling, ear licking and blowing and slow sensual HJ action.

Stephanie wastedno time in going slowly down my front and landing in the important area where great ball licking/sucking skills are shown all the while her hand never leaves my cock.

Now i know theres some debate about BBBJ but ill take the risks with herpes any day cos Stephanie blew me like ive never been blown, slow sensual suction with changes of pace and spit polish to boot.  My cock could have cracked a walnut but somehow i managed to keep control.

Stephanie then did the reverse bodyslide letting her sweet puusy drift past my face as she slid down to mount me reverse cowgirl style.

of course there are limits to what can be done by way of thrusting on a masage table but we pushed those limits pretty far.

she has a way of rotating her hips in the reverse cowgirl position that is amazing!!!

Stephanie sensed my urgency and instantly turned around and took me deep down her throat and pulled out at the last second to let my load hit her neck and tits.

Fucken amazing girl and not really in the RnT market as she is a true GFE/PSE escort who happens to work in the RnT world.

I know some people made a fuss about her $250 charge but let me tell you its the best value in town cos no girl will do her act withourt a rubber to be seen anywhere in Australia.

Im addicted!


Floor: #2
Post Time: 7th December 2011, 07:43 PM
Poster ID: BadAussieBoy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
If anyone has the phone number for this place it would be most appreciated.

Thanks,

BAB


Floor: #3
Post Time: 7th December 2011, 08:02 PM
Poster ID: nverg
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
book by calling mamasan on 0413 626 574


Floor: #4
Post Time: 7th December 2011, 08:03 PM
Poster ID: nverg
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
also Stephanie is still using her work mobile for bookings too 0402 178 793


Floor: #5
Post Time: 12th December 2011, 03:32 PM
Poster ID: diddy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
So I went down to this place on Saturday morning. Was a nice setup, chose the 30min session for $40. But was highly disappointed. I was specifically asked to keep the towel wrapped around me at all times and only got an upper back massage. The girl was clothed the entire time and there was no chance to fool around.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 13th December 2011, 06:20 PM
Poster ID: nverg
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thats rooted diddy!!!


Floor: #7
Post Time: 15th January 2012, 03:30 PM
Poster ID: dick
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
went there on friday had monica for an hour. Very cute slim chinese, looks a bit japanese, very good massage and she ripped my towel off as soon   as she came in. lots of accidental rubbing iincluding ear blowing and blowing on my balls and up the sharft of my cock (she has obviously developed her techniques. prices r & T $30 topless +$20 or  nude and touching +$30   no full service) ( you have to negotiate her down to these prices) walked out a happy man:


Floor: #8
Post Time: 14th July 2012, 05:52 AM
Poster ID: angrybert
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Monica still working there?


Floor: #9
Post Time: 15th July 2012, 11:28 AM
Poster ID: had7878
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
yes, saw her there last week.
Amazing.


Floor: #10
Post Time: 13th August 2012, 12:12 PM
Poster ID: RedOctober
Post Title: 
 Oriental Health 780B Canning Hwy
				
Post Content: 
After so high rating on this site it was very tempting to give it a try so I paid a visit yesterday
Girl: Monica - nice looking, 22yo, South China
Phone 6261 8296
Premises - clean, each girl has own room, discreet back parking for 5 cars, good signage (even so I managed to miss main entry)
Shower - offered and provided, reasonably clean
Good level of English (taking in cinsideration English is not my first language as well)
Prices - massage $70, HJ- $50, topless +30, nude+20, B2B +$150 total.

It was rainy Sunday pm. I was stuck on work, rain increased, car required minor bulb replacement, so my mood was lyrical 
Something like "I need good bonus for hard working Week in this rainy day" was on the back of a head but not materialised until I came out of Repco with spare bulbs in hand.
I was too lazy to go online again from iPhone, so just drive to ease-to-remember 780B...
Monica was something in "rain mood" as well but change it quickly to warm smile
Little short skin-tight dress looks promising...
Accepted without bookings – very good. 2 girls were working on Sunday – not bad.
No EFTPOS - a little bit disappointing.
Ordered 1 hour massage to start
House was very warm and set well for kind of operations provided.
So quickly parted with my PPE (not the best view for man in Parrot suit on Sunday eve) and stick my bare bums out on massage table
Level of pressure has been discussed and we have a usual MP chat (where you came from, how long. etc.,) 
She is very "chatty" girl. I was surprised when she asks my sign and was even more surprised he is good in knowing peoples attitude (including sex) based on horoscopes. 
About 15 minutes of reasonably average massage, few accidental ball touching and hair sweeping and we came to extras. Price list (above) has been delivered and I opt for $100 nude massage (no slides). No negotiation...
Disappointments came after - the long list of "no" with the cutest smile you can imagine
No pussy touch
No DATY 
No boobs kiss
No, No,No...
I'm touchy man - I need to see and touch pussy... for very obvious reasons.
What was allowed – bums and boobs to touch.
On pros side - she agrees to show her best part - but from a distance away of hand reach

Apart of disappointing beginning the rest of session went good with a lot of teasing, different techniques and moaning in my ear.
After few attempts I finally get thru her defence line and touch wet juicy button. She just asks "be a gentleman"...
So finally I shoot a load in a broad air, she use a towel (dry) to clean me and a mess and in few minutes we came back to massage business.
Which is good as I hate to run to car couple minutes after you cum with jizz still dreeping from a little fellow
Shower, get dress, and pay debts...
I don't check a time but looks like all 60 minutes were used
She run out of house and give me her card inviting to come back any time and book her - good marketing and CS move. All that under pooring rain - very touchy...

Value for money - $170... hmmm. You may have VERY good WL/FS for this amount. Definitely overpriced a little bit
On other hand - Massage plus nude HJ will cost up to $150 in other joints so I parted with hard earned papers with light heart.
Come back - most probably. Good combination of chat, teasing and cute smile.
Wish list - massage technique to be improved and more "access" to be allowed 
Rating
Massage 5/10
HJ – 8/10
Overall 7/10


Floor: #11
Post Time: 16th January 2013, 02:12 AM
Poster ID: doro7373
Post Title: 
 780B Canning Hwy, Applecross
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Veronica

Establishment : 780B Canning Hwy, Applecross 

Date of Visit : 10 Jan

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 780B Canning Hwy, Applecross  

Hours of Business : 10am - 9pm

Rates : 40/55/60

Age : 

Size/shape : Slim but curvy

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Massage and HJ

Value for money/recommend? : yes amwsome massage and HJ

My experience/comments : this is the 3rd time visiting veronica, each time the massage has gotten better and the extras have been gradually getting more.
I stayed for 45mins this time and a usual the massage was really firm and thorough, i asked her to work on my shoulders and she manged to get rid of some Knots.
On turning over she was already to my suprise naked. as this is what i had previously done. 
I decided to go for the nude HJ @ $80 is a pricey but what a awesome job she does. Lots of teasing and licking and she was letting me touch a little , she let me suck her perk tits and while this was happening i came and shot cum all up her arm.
she cleaned me up and finished the massage .
I will be going back to see her again as it is an awesome massage and great endings ever if it is a little pricy once you tally it all up.


