Floor: #1
Post Time: 7th March 2012, 08:51 PM
Poster ID: angrybert
Post Title: 
 Bigfoot Massage - 3/305 William St, Northbridge - 08 9328 6929
				
Post Content: 
Wondering anyone been to Bigfoot massage with extra offered? I been there several time for massage.. The massage is good.. Place is clean n tidy.. Didn't ask for extra .. Please let know if you got hj or other services from there  cheers


Floor: #2
Post Time: 15th March 2012, 02:11 PM
Poster ID: super_manny
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hi Mate... I've been there a number of times. It's a good place for a strong clean massage. 

Had hinted to a Chinese gal once if they did 'other service' besides body massage, and was told they did facial, foot massage etc...(WTF!) 

Most recently went there and laid on table full monty, the Jap masseuse came in and immediately covered my bum with a towel. No extras were offered even though she could clearly see that my manhood was ready for some action under the towel during the front massage.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 17th March 2012, 06:32 PM
Poster ID: convoitise
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I had a massage there last week.  Dropped in without a booking and was told to come back in an hour.  They seem to be quite popular, and recommend bookings.  An hour later, I arrived and met the owner.  She then took me to their other store (couple of minutes walk away) on Newcastle St.  Brand new but they are keeping it relatively low key until they can hire more girls.

Anyway, massage (with a Thai looking girl, didn't get name), was excellent. Very good.  I was a little hot from walking there and the massage girl bought me a nice cold drink to start.  She told me to get undressed but leave underwear on. Damn.  I did this, but once she started the massage, she asked if I was hot. I said yes (I was from the walk - hot day).  She then pulled my underwear off (which surprised me) and proceeded to do the entire massage with me naked and didn't bother using a towel to cover me.  I thought extras might be on offer after all!  But no, there were no offer of extras and I didn't ask.  She did offer the use of a shower at the end (and at the beginning for that matter), but I chose the hot towel option.  All in all, fantastic massage but seems 100% legit.  Owner was extremely friendly and quite a nice lady.  As I was leaving, I saw one of the hottest blondes I've ever seen in Perth.  But she was waiting for a massage, not working there.  

I will go back, but only when I want a legit massage.


