Thread Title: Bobo - Jie Mei, Subiaco - 08 9388 9993
Floor: #1
Post Time: 10th June 2016, 05:19 AM
Poster ID: baldie
Post Title: 
 Bobo - Jie Mei, Subiaco - 08 9388 9993
				
Post Content: 
Name: Bobo 
Time: May 2016 
Type of Service: R'n'T Massage 
Name of Agency or Parlour: Jie Mei, Shop 15 Subiaco Mews, 375 Hay Street, Subiaco 
Phone Number: (08) 9388 9993 
Link: http://perth.locanto.com.au/ID_35444...ome-to-us.html 
Hourly Rate: $175 
Age: 23 - 28 
Nationality: Taiwan 
Hair Colour: Black 
Hair Length: Long 
Eyes Colour: Brown 
Skin Colour: Tanned 
Size/shape: Tall - Above 170 cm / 5'7"  Slim, Size 8 to 10, Boobies: AA to B 
Any Tattoos?: One or two 
Full Sex Available: Yes 
Blowjob: Yes, CBJ (Covered Blowjob) 
Handjob: Yes 
Massage: Yes 
Looks: Beautiful, slender, hot and pretty
Personality: Fun, cheeky and sexy
Recommend: Yes, indeed! 

Never been to Jie Mei before, so I gave it a try and it didn't disappoint. It's a little bit public in that carpark, and the entrances aren't very discrete, but what the hell hey.

Bobo is a real pretty girl, a bit taller and more slender than my usual type, actually kinda hot, especially with those legs comin' out of those short daisy dukes she had on. Great body. Has a oval-diamond face, again not like usual little cat-faced cutey-pies I usually go for. And her smile is genuine and quite cheeky too.

Massage was good and was using a lot of tickling, which I'm a big fan of. A lot of cheeky fun ensued, leading to the extras. Opted for the usual slide and hj for $100.
(I would say that FS and BJ are on the cards)

The slide was nice and intimate, the odd peck and heavy breathing. Plus, she used her legs to good effect, placing a lot of pressure on the old man, keeping the throb up and causing a bit of (pleasurable) ache; which she seemed to think was kinda funny. A little bit of the devil in this girl, I must say.   Alternately using the hand and then the odd pussie-job now and then - yes, I have to admit I was enjoying myself. Brought up to vinegar and then stopped, while she laughed. I mentioned the devil in this girl already didn't I?

Anyway, finished off with an HJ (I couldn't hold off that much longer) and I was surprised when the tackle was being gobbled up while the hand was in action. That was a bonus!

Was revved up still after the session was over, this girl is a cheeky hottie! Yes, I think I'll be visiting this one again soon!  

The picture below is NOT REAL, it is an approximation of her slender waist and nice little boobies...


