Thread Title: Body Heat Massage - 62 Gordon Rd East, Osborne Park - 08 9444 0544
Floor: #1
Post Time: 24th November 2010, 10:49 PM
Poster ID: DarkSwanPhoto
Post Title: 
 Body Heat Massage - 62 Gordon Rd East, Osborne Park - 08 9444 0544
				
Post Content: 
LOCATION: Body Heat Massage	
DATE: 20/11/10
NAME: Kara
INCALL/OUTCALL: Rub n' Tug Establishmen
INCALL CLEANLINESS:  Very clean / well kept.  Shower head wasn't functioning properly.
ACCURATE PICTURE:  Alas... there is only one photo on the website and I don't know if its really her but it is representative of what she looks like.
AGE: Didn't ask but I would guess mid to late 20's
PERSONALITY: Very personable.  She cares about the people she attends to.
RACE: Caucasian
BODY TYPE: Very nice body.  I'd say an "8".  She's in great condition. 
BUST: Perky C's or B's?  Nice ones! =)
HAIR: Brunette
SKIN TONE:  Flawless skin / Tan
TRIMMING: Small landing strip
TATTOOS: Not that I could tell
SCARS: None
PIERCINGS: Nothing odd
MOANS OR OTHER SOUNDS?: It's a RnT... don't get that there.
ENERGY LEVEL DISPLAYED: Very professional and patient
MULTIPLE CUPS?: Didn't ask but I doubt these RnT places offer that
ACCEPTS FRENCH: No
KISSING TECHNIQUE: No
FRENCH: No
GREEK: No
RUSSIAN / SPANISH: Offered as an extra.
DON'T's: No kissing / No touching her hoo-ha / No oral / No sex
WEBSITE: http://www.bodyheatmassage.com.au/
http://www.bodyheatmassage.com.au/ma...each-hot-lady/
SCREENING PROCESS: None... it's a RnT
RATES: $150/hr + $30 for extras
RECOMMEND: Yes
REPEAT: (do you intend to see provider again?)  Maybe
COMMENTS:

So my sex addiction was peaking and I happened to be in the area of Body Heat.  I didn't have the time to spare to go to another place and I didn't feel like blowing $300 on an experience I was likely to be dissatisfied with.  In my limited experience here in Australia, the girls don't tend to offer the same level of services as the gals in the US and it costs twice as much.  However, $150 for a massage ane a happy ending is a compromise I can live with.  I don't have the pressure to "perform", I can just enjoy a nice massage and get a less stressful form of satisfaction with a well lubricated hand than a condom covered blow job.

So I drop by to Body Heat and decide to give them a 2nd chance.  In my first experience at BH, I had recieved wonderful service, right until the moment the session was cut short early and I was denied satsifaction.  I made sure to clue the receptionist that I was sensitive to this and she seemed to be a much more reasonable person than the other lady that was arguing with me last time.  I had to wait about half an hour for a girl to be available.  Kara became available and decided to give her a chance.

Kara is the girl next door.  She's caring, polite, attentive, and listens well.  I explained to her my apprehesions / concerns and she was pretty respectful of that.  We walked upstairs to an available room, I disrobed and took my shower.  I was a bit annoyed that the shower didn't function very well.  It was difficult to get clean easily and I think the BH management should fix this as soon as possible.  The room itself is nice and clean.  

I laid down on the massage table and Kara showed up.  She disrobed and revealed her beautiful figure.  She has a very classic look about her.  Timeless really.  Kara is very professional at what she does.  Although, I was a bit confused as to what the extras consisted of.  She seemed reluctant to discuss it in front of the receptionist and suggested we discuss it in the room.  However, the extras didn't really change once discussed upstairs.  Not sure what that was about.  But at least its upfront.  From what I understood for $30 you can massage her, a reverse body slide (69 without oral sex), and a tit fuck.  

We started the massage which wasn't bad at all.  Kara allows you to touch her body (although it isn't clear to me if this is included in the $150 or is an extra).  I had a hard time relaxing because I was nervous that not enough time would be dedicated to my handjob.  This anxiety was getting in the way of enjoy the massage so after 10 minutes I hinted at my concerns and we skipped ahead to the less theurapeutic part of the massage.  Namely, the body sliding and the hand job.  Her body sliding was enjoyable but it wasn't quite as good as Ingrid's.  To be fair, it was a bit mechanical.  I think she could tell that I wasn't responding ot that aspect as suggested that I give her a massage.  I decided to skip that finding the concept a tad odd.  I like to grope / perve a girl but give her a massage on my nickel... not really going to get me "there".  

So we went straight to the handjob section of the massage.  Although she's very "professional" / non-gfe in her attitude, she has tremendous hand job skills.  Let me repeat that again.  The girl is a true hand job artist.  No one... and I mean no one has gotten me off like that with their hand.  It was truly one of the best orgasms I've had in *long* while.  I some ways I felt like a cow getting milked but man... so there wasn't much of intimate / personal connection, but the physical pleasure made up for it by a long shot.  She had me cumming in about 5 minutes which is nearly an impossibility for me.  She definitely has some skills.  

Having gotten that out of the way, and I was riding my high, we used the balance of the time to continue the massage and to chit chat.  A sea salt / soap treatment was done (which feels great) and then I took my shower.

I asked if she visited the review boards and like most WL's in Oz, she doesn't.  I told her about its importance and I told her I would write her a positive review for having done a good job.  

I wasn't sure if I owed her $30 for the extras since I didn't really partake in about half of that.  I elected to offer it to her anyhow for satisfying me.  Its not common that a woman has the skills to bring me to orgasm and I feel good about myself when someone else is able to do the work and is able to make me cum.  For this reason, I felt she did a good job. 

Thank you, Kara!


Floor: #2
Post Time: 17th February 2011, 04:01 AM
Poster ID: hysteric
Post Title: 
 Body Heat - Anna
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Anna

Establishment : Body Heat

Date of Visit: November 2010

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: http://www.bodyheatmassage.com.au/massage/anna/

Perth: (08) 9444 0544

Hours of Business: Mon to Thursday     10am to 11pm Friday                       10am to 12pm Saturday                   11am to 10pm Sunday                      11am to  9pm

Rates: 25 min 	Special 	$75
30 min 	Mini Deluxe 	$110/ $100 cash offer
45 min 	Deluxe 	$130/ $120 cash offer
60 min 	Superior Deluxe 	$150

Age: Not too sure late 20s?

Size/shape: Great body, very sexy and an amazing bust.

Nationality or Ethnicity: Egyptian/Australian on the website.

Services Provided: Massage, body slide

Value for money/recommend?: Yes, definitely someone worth spending time with.

My experience/comments: I had a short, 25 minute massage with this lady and boy, the whole time was so amazing, just seeing those beautiful breasts in front of me, was enough. But she did an amazing job, and I would love to go back some time soon.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 7th March 2011, 06:07 AM
Poster ID: Johnny Holmes
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name:Anna

Establishment :Body Heat Relaxation Centre

Date of Visit:05/03/11

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: http://www.bodyheatmassage.com.au/massage/anna/

Hours of Business: Mon to Thursday 10am to 11pm Friday 10am to 12pm Saturday 11am to 10pm Sunday 11am to 9pm

Rates:25 min Special $75
30 min Mini Deluxe $110/ $100 cash offer
45 min Deluxe $130/ $120 cash offer
60 min Superior Deluxe $150

Age: Mid-Late 20s

Size/shape:Avge body, big bust

Nationality or Ethnicity:Egyptian/Aussie

Services Provided:Massage/Bodyslide, CBJ

Value for money/recommend?:Hmmm not really

My experience/comments:I went with 2 other mates for one of their birthdays. Average seems to be the tone of Anna's service. Massage, Bodyslide and CBJ all average. Was supposed to get a scrub with the 45 min package, it didn't eventuate. However my friends who had Eva and Lucie both said they had a really good time and it was worth every last cent and would definitely return again.  
I would probably go again but with Eva Damn! she was smoking hot.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 7th April 2011, 04:37 AM
Poster ID: Zala
Post Title: 
 Zariel @ Body Heat (Rub and Tug)
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Zariel

Establishment : Body Heat Relaxation Centre (Rub and Tug)

Date of Visit: 21/03/11

Contact Details/Address/Website:
Phone: (08) 9444 0544

Address: 62 Gordon Rd, Osborne Park, WA 6017

Detailed address description: 62 Gordon Road which runs off Albert Street (between the Mitchell Freeway and Main Street).

Website: www.bodyheatmassage.com.au

Hours of Business: 
Monday to Thursday  10am - 11pm
Friday                     10am - 12am
Saturday                 11am - 10pm
Sunday                   11am - 9pm


Rates: 45mins - $130/$120 cash special - value for money
          60 mins - $150

Age: Late 20s

Size/shape: Average size/height, tummy a tad flabby, lovely big breasts (~C size)

Nationality or Ethnicity: Caucasian (Australian)

Services Provided (Extras): Spanish ($10)

Value for money? - Highly recommended

My experience/comments: 
When Zariel walked into the waiting room to introduce herself to me, I knew she was the one. She exudes confidence and has a great body with very nice boobs. 

In the massage room, she started off with a sensual massage, and rubbed her breasts against me whenever she had the chance. She even tickled my ballsac occasionally. 

The fun part was when she asked me to turn over. Then, I had a fabulous view of her body and that got me all excited. At this point, she started to do the "Spanish" extra, and I can tell you she excels at it, what with her rack and all. Finally, it was time to finish up and I got my happy ending. I walked out of the place on cloud nine, keeping her name in my head for a future visit.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 29th April 2011, 07:49 PM
Poster ID: Legs11
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I visited the establishment today at aroune 1530 and I was a little dissappointed especially after hearing from all the above reports, spent money for the hour nad only recievied 35 mins and that was including the shower, saw a girl named Viola, thought she would be different as she's African, by the looks nice smooth skin however a little large for me but like I said thought that it might be a bit different, ah well all down to experience then


Floor: #6
Post Time: 12th May 2011, 08:57 AM
Poster ID: joe187
Post Title: 
 Krystal @ Body Heat
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name:  Krystal

Establishment :  Body Heat Osb Park

Date of Visit:  9/5/11

Contact Details/Address/Weblink:  www.bodyheatmassage.com.au

Hours of Business:   10 am - 12 am

Rates: $100.00 45min

Age:  27

Size/shape: Hour Glass figure slim beautiful full breasts

Nationality or Ethnicity: Italian/Australian 

Services Provided:Sensual massage with body slides

Value for money/recommend?: definitely enjoyed it great service and  would go back anytime

My experience/comments:I went without booking but ended up getting exactly what i wanted. service was great non rushed not to much jibba jabba and really knows how to catch your attention, walls are way to thin can hear everything down stairs (not good if you want to relax) Ill be back any time and i think ill try Ingrid next time.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 12th May 2011, 06:41 PM
Poster ID: Callas
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
This is a bit off topic, but while we're talking about Body Heat  (http://www.bodyheatmassage.com.au/massage/), claiming "Please note our services are non sex.

I looked through to have a look at Krystal, but got sidetracked and fixated with Lola's bum. To cut a long story short, have a look at these links:

http://www.bodyheatmassage.com.au/ma...ming-pool-spa/  (or just look for Lola)
http://caseysmassage.com.au/girls.html   (and scroll down to look for Victoria at the very end)
http://www.escortsandbabes.com.au/Profile/VictoriaC/WA/

Seems for a few more $$ that one can go a little further than a r&t with the lovely Lola.


Floor: #8
Post Time: 13th May 2011, 04:20 PM
Poster ID: Callas
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Has anyone seen Lola at Casey's? Any info would be gratefully accepted.


Floor: #9
Post Time: 13th September 2011, 03:40 AM
Poster ID: Xenostrike
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : crystal

Establishment : Bodyheat

Date of Visit : 12/9/11

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : bodyheatmassage

Hours of Business :  10-12

Rates : 120 +60 extra

Age : late 30

Size/shape : 10

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian 

Services Provided : body slide,69,hj


Value for money/recommend? : Probably 6/10

My experience/comments : her breast are huge and hj is good.however she is very quiet and professional the whole session.


Floor: #10
Post Time: 17th November 2011, 01:54 AM
Poster ID: osharka
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Just saw BullD1's review and thought I would chime in...

Back in September I visited a FS establishment wanting to see a WL who was supposed to be on roster - they told me she wasn't expected that day.  I left a bit dejected, and it was only in the car that the thought occurred to me to visit Body Heat for the first time.

I wandered in without a booking and Viola was the only lady available.  She wasn't really my type but I needed some comfort and went ahead anyway.  In the room she offered the basic extra for $30 or $50 for the full nude body slide etc - based on what I had read this was more than I expected and I initially opted for basic service.  However after a couple of minutes of massage I had a good feeling about it and decided to upgrade.

What followed was magnificent - full-on teasing with generous body slides for most of the time, followed by blissful release.  I let my fingers do a little walking too and they got pretty wet in the process.  I would rate this as my second best RnT experience ever (and the best, by a short margin, was a very long way from Perth - halfway around the world in fact).

I hate being short-changed on time and it didn't happen that night.  Thought I should post this because my mileage did vary a lot, Viola was excellent and I fully intend to go back sometime soon (the forum has given me a few others to try meanwhile...)


Floor: #11
Post Time: 16th May 2012, 08:22 AM
Poster ID: joe187
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name :Kirra

Establishment : Bodyheat

Date of Visit : 13/5/12

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : bodyheatmassage

Hours of Business : 10-12

Rates : 120 hr +60 extra or less check site

Age : early 20

Size/shape : 10

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : body slide,69,hj

Value for money/recommend? : Highly recommended 8/10

My experience/comments : Her breast are small But Shes is Gorgeous little thing.Quite new to the industry but is learning.extras included body slides and rub n tug. keep you wanting more always giving you this cheeky grin.
quite enjoyed it will be back.


Floor: #12
Post Time: 2nd June 2012, 05:59 PM
Poster ID: Bibimbap
Post Title: 
 Body Heat Massage - Ingrid
				
Post Content: 
[COLOR=#333333]Person's Name:Ingrid[/COLOR]

[COLOR=#333333]Establishment: Body Heat Massage, Osborne Park[/COLOR]

[COLOR=#333333]Contact Details/Address:[/COLOR]

[COLOR=#333333]Hours of Business:[/COLOR]

[COLOR=#333333]Prices: $120 per hour + $50 extra[/COLOR]

[COLOR=#333333]Age: Late 20s[/COLOR]

[COLOR=#333333]Size/shape: 10[/COLOR]

[COLOR=#333333]Nationality or Ethnicity: Polish[/COLOR]

[COLOR=#333333]Services: Sensual Massage, Body Slides[/COLOR]

[COLOR=#333333]Value for money/recommend?: Yes[/COLOR]

[COLOR=#333333]My experience/comments: I have seen Ingrid over 10 times over the past 2 years.  Saw her again recently with the new revamped Body Heat "Day Spa" title.  Ingrid has a very talkative and bubbly personality.  She is very sexy, with D Cup breasts in a slim body.  She takes her time to ensure you have a good therapeutic massage as well.  She recently learnt Hawaiian massage... You have to do that for me next time Ingrid.  My only criticism is her HJ technique, which is often a bit too rushed.    [/COLOR]


Floor: #13
Post Time: 25th November 2012, 01:22 AM
Poster ID: joe187
Post Title: 
 Body Heat Osb Park
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Amy
Establishment : Body Heat Osb Park

Date of Visit : 1/10/12

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Gallery | Sensual Massage, Erotic Massage, Body Massage - Body Heat Massage Perth
Hours of Business :10am to 11 or 12 pm

Rates : 30 min
Mini Deluxe
$80

45 min
Deluxe
$100

60 min
Superior Deluxe
$120




Age : 34

Size/shape : 10 ... real D cups...but hang low!!

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussy

Services Provided : massage and rnt

Value for money/recommend? : sure gave me a great service 

My experience/comments : I was completly stuffed so i thought i could do with a bit on r& T

Wasnt Verry Busy but amys tattoo sleeves caught my eye 

convisation was good but massage was awesome 

Really paid attention to me but still new to the industry

very Happy Go lucky girl

Finished me off and even gave me a body scrub


Floor: #14
Post Time: 25th November 2012, 01:33 AM
Poster ID: joe187
Post Title: 
 Body Heat Osb park
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Claudia

Establishment : Body Haet Osb Park

Date of Visit : 21/11/12

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :Gallery | Sensual Massage, Erotic Massage, Body Massage - Body Heat Massage Perth

Hours of Business :10 am to 11-12 pm

Rates : 
30 min
Mini Deluxe
$80

45 min
Deluxe
$100

60 min
Superior Deluxe
$120




Age : 37..ish

Size/shape : 8 ... small boobs 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : RNT

Value for money/recommend? : Yes she has the nices ass

My experience/comments : Just Needed to chill spotted claudia comn down the stairs 

place was packed 

organised 1hr and in the room asked if i was interested in a lingere $50.00massage or fully naked $60 so of course i said Fully Naked.

Used here elbow to massage me can i say really good massage

 But then i came down to buisness after 1/2 hr and she gave it hell 

Great personality great body 

when she got on topof me thighs between my face i couldnt help my self to taste 

here clit just looked so appitising 

boobys lacked in size but overall gives a good service



made me come to quickly


Floor: #15
Post Time: 2nd December 2012, 08:39 PM
Poster ID: osharka
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name :  Amanda

Establishment : Body Heat

Date of Visit : Sept 2012

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :  Sensual, Erotic, bodyslide - Body Heat Relaxation Centres

Hours of Business : until 10 or 11pm

Rates :  Massage is $120/hr, extras $50

Age : 30s

Size/shape :  medium height, B cup

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Massage, body slide, HR, body scrub

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments :  When I rang I was offered 3 ladies and I chose Amanda because she was described as Thai and I figured the massage should be good.  Well the massage wasn't bad, but I wouldn't describe it as Thai style.  The extra service included a nice though quite brief body slide, followed by above average HR which wasn't rushed but nevertheless meant business.  To wind down, she gave me a nice salt body scrub, which seems to be part of the package here now.

Amanda was pleasant, easy company and I definitely left feeling refreshed.  

BTW it really is time they updated their website, I haven't seen any of the listed girls in ages and there are certainly a lot who aren't on the website.


Thread Title: Body Heat Massage - 62 Gordon Rd East, Osborne Park - 08 9444 0544
Floor: #16
Post Time: 11th February 2013, 12:53 AM
Poster ID: joe187
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I had exactly the same thing with amanda great looking lady but massage was quite body slide was crap HR was basic then flip over for a salt bath and doesn't stop talking


Floor: #17
Post Time: 22nd February 2013, 10:36 PM
Poster ID: bigrick
Post Title: 
 Camilla, BodyHeat Perth
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Camilla

Establishment : 62 Gordon Rd East, Osborne Park - 08 9444 0544

Date of Visit : 16/2/13

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : - 08 9444 0544 Sensual, Erotic, bodyslide - Body Heat Relaxation Centres

Hours of Business : 10am till late

Rates : $160 an hour

Age : mid 20s

Size/shape : D cup, toned

Nationality or Ethnicity : Brazilian

Services Provided : BodySlide, HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Great

My experience/comments : Thought i'd finally check this place out, after about 5 girls came through and none looking good Camilla came in looking absolutely amazing. Had to pick her. She was cold to begin with, could tell she's had bad experience with clients but after chatting she warmed up. She has an amazing body and used it well in the bodyslide with an unrushed HJ at the end. Only advise is take the time to build rapport with her, i've heard other punters having a bad experience with her.


Floor: #18
Post Time: 30th September 2013, 07:32 PM
Poster ID: LCA
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Kayla

Establishment : Body Heat

Date of Visit : Last visit was three weeks ago, although this is the first review I wrote her

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 08 9444 0544

Hours of Business : 10am till late

Rates : $170

Age : 25+

Size/shape : size 6-8

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : Massage, HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes, Yes, Yes

My experience/comments : 

I’ve seen Kayla several times now and I treasure each hour that I had been with her. I’m always at ease when I’m with her. This is actually one of the reviews I posted on Punter Planet a few years ago. Although this is an old review, I hope it’ll give you an idea of what’s Kayla like. She has a lot of fans out there in Perth and it is best to make an appointment first, as she is always busy. She works on Wednesdays, Fridays and Sundays from 10am to 5pm. Kayla took a break and is now back working at Body Heat. She is described as follows on their website:

KAYLA is a 21yr old Australian babydoll!!!! Kayla is a petite size 6 blonde. She has light blue eyes, 10B perky bust and a sun kissed complexion. Kayla may seem innocent and seemingly shy but you will be blown away with her service. An experience that wont disappoint. very popular with our gentlemen.
Description is correct, except she is a little bit older than 21

Review
I drove to Body Heat and waited for Kayla. I was a little bit nervous (as usual) when I saw Kayla. She is so beautiful and her eyes are mesmerizing. I was trying to read her. Was she happy to see me? Was she still feeling sick? Is she nervous as I am? It’s very hard to read her. So, I smiled to her and she smiled back. God! Her smile reassured me – it was an authentic one. I followed her upstairs into a room while we chatted. The usual catch-up lines “How have you been?”, “Have you been busy lately?” - But to be honest, when we were going upstairs, I wasn’t really focussing on making a conversation. I was looking at her beautiful bum as I was just behind her. I’m sure she didn’t know what I was looking at, which made it even sexier.

Once in the room, I was still a bit nervous and even more excited. She asked me if I’d like a glass of water and she left me for a moment for me to take a shower. I took a quick one as I already showered before I came.

As I laid face down in on the table, I closed my eyes and I was sure that I was going to have a great massage. You can’t go wrong with Kayla and I’m sure a lot of people should know this by now. She has a very good reputation out there and no wonder it is so hard to get a booking with her. Silly is that when I was laying on the table, I kept wondering what I should say to her when she’d come back. I always want to make a good impression when I see Kayla. It’s not just about a massage. There’s more to it. It’s also about me trying to make the connection. Only the slight sound of the door as it clicked open kept me in the present. Kayla had arrived.

The “music” was already playing from the speaker in the corner (“Just the way you are” played in acoustic). And Kayla dimmed the lights to add a relaxing ambiance to the scene. She placed a towel underneath my feet.
Kayla has magic hands- feminine, yet strong. And as Kayla approached, I also caught a scent — lightly redolent of patchouli and vanilla — that somehow intrigued me.

As Kayla began the ministrations to my neck and shoulders, I let out a small sigh. Those first few touches were always the most intense for me as they signaled the beginning of a link between therapist and client. I nearly lived for those moments. And though I knew somehow it was wrong, that first touch also aroused me. My body began to respond. I tried to think of other things as I didn’t want to spoil a good massage, only  focusing on the sensual feeling.
Kayla’s magic hands continued to minister to the temple that was my body. Kayla was now exploring me with every cell of those well trained fingers. My quiet moans seemed to belie the fact that hers was meant to be a “therapeutic” massage. And yet Kayla’s hands continued their course. As Kayla’s skilled limbs made their way to my legs, I began to note that comforting familiar tingle between my legs. “My god”, I thought, “this is going to be a problem!”

As if Kayla could read my mind, and wanted to play with it, Kayla moved her hands up my thighs. Every masseuse has a difference in how modest they are, but Kayla obviously was comfortable with touching my body. The attentions of Kayla’s hands touched me in areas that only increased my arousal.

Kayla requested that I flip over onto my back. And as my relaxingly stimulated brain turned me over, I was astounded by two senses at once. Both the visual of a good glimpse of Kayla, and Kayla’s cheeky smile — of a husky, yet high register — hit my brain simultaneously. And I realized that Kayla must be one of the most beautiful masseuses that I have ever been with. I felt my body flush with an excitement, though tinged with a modicum of embarrassment. Sure, there were touches of hand to breast/bum happening in the meantime. There was no denying my body’s reaction to the touch of Kayla’s sweet fingers.
And Kayla was absolutely stunning. Her features were those of a tanned goddess, not a blemish to be found. She has amazing, firm breasts. Being fit as any masseuse should be only added to the attractive package that was “Kayla”. And that voice! A blend of Deborah Winger in the husky quality of it, but a slight hint of an accent — maybe Denmark/Australia?

The remaining of this booking was just fantastic and involved some very sensual and relaxing body slide, ticklish massage, foot massage, scrubs, hot towels and a few more.

When I left Body Heat, this session had a very strong effect on me. It costs me less than $160 and I didn’t quite get laid. But, it was more worth it than a full-service session. I kept smiling all day. I kept thinking of things I should have told Kayla but I didn’t. If I could give a tip to anyone out there who is going to see Kayla, it would be “Try to build a connection with her. Let her take control and you will be amazed”. I don’t know if a “shy” personality really suits Kayla, but I tend to think it does. She is very special. She doesn’t talk too much and she’s not too quiet too – just the right amount of talking to complement this sensual massage. I always think of Kayla as a professional masseuse. She puts a lot of efforts in it. She said she just came back from Bali and she had a few massages herself there. I think she learned a few tricks there and her massage is now getting from fantastic to perfection.

I had massage from CBD Perth, professional masseuse and even from some Asian countries (Thailand, Indonesia and Malaysia). I even tried a tantric massage in Berlin once. Each of them has its own style and they are very good. However, Kayla’s massage is unique and I would rate it as one of the best out there. This is simply because she does a very firm and relaxing massage AND she has a very nice personality (polite, kind, sexy and casual). God, I love staring into her eyes too. I love the sight of her back and her bum.

Being a workaholic can be challenging, both emotionally and physically. And let’s face it. Therapeutic massages can help, but more often than not I left some parlours unsatisfied and wanting. It’s only after I discovered the magic of Kayla’s hands that I discovered true relief. And not only do I feel reinvigorated after each visit, I feel like a new man!

Kayla knows she is good at what she does and this review is to confirm it. No wonder it is so hard to get a booking with her and she’s always fully booked. What would I do without Kayla?

Kayla provides a hand relief at the end, and allows touching her down, fingering her and kissing her nipples too. She doesn’t do reverse body slide and never will.
If I combine all her assets – ie. service, looks, personality, skills and her mesmerizing eyes – she’s definitely an ABSOLUTE GODDESS in my book. It is an ‘out of this world’ experience too and I would think she is a qualified masseuse. She goes for massage herself at some very reputable salons in Perth, such as Richardson Hotel massage. This shows how keen she is and how devoted she is to her profession. 

As a final note, I hope this review won’t get her more clients. Otherwise, it will make it even harder for me to get a booking with her when I call Body Heat. Seriously!

Type of Service: R’n’T Massage
Name of Agency or Parlour (if any): Body Heat Relaxation centre
Establishment Address (if any): 62 Gordon Road East running off Albert which is in between the Mitchell Freeway and Main Street.
Phone Number (Please add area code): (08) 9444 0544
Link to Website or Online Ad (if any): http://www.bodyheatm…com.au/massage/
Location where session took place: Western Australia
Incall or Outcall (Leave blank in Victoria): Establishment’s Venue
Session Day: Weekday
Session Time: Daytime
Estimated Age: 21 - 25
Estimated Ethnic Group: Caucasian / European Origin
Knowledge of English: Very Good
Hair Colour: Blond
Hair Length: Long
Eyes Colour: Blue
Skin Colour: Tanned
Height: Average - Around 165 cm / 5’5”
Body Shape: Slim
Estimated Body Size: 6 to 8
Estimated Breast Size: AA to B (Small to Average)
Enhanced breasts?: No
Pubic Hair: All Waxed / Shaved
Any Tattoos?: None
Full Sex Available: No
Kissing Available: No
Blowjob: No
DATY / Oral On Her: No
Greek or Anal Sex Available: No
Massage Available: Yes
Overall Looks: An absolute goddess!
Overall Personality: Fun
Overall Performance: Fantastic time


Floor: #19
Post Time: 30th September 2013, 07:33 PM
Poster ID: LCA
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
There's also a new girl at Body Heat. She is French and her name is Juliette. She may be a size10, big boobs, 21 years of age max.. and she does extras.

Very worth checking her out too!


Floor: #20
Post Time: 1st June 2014, 08:21 AM
Poster ID: mmmatt20
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Rihanna

Establishment : Body Heat Massage

Date of Visit : Thursday before Good Friday

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Gallery | Sensual Massage, Erotic Massage, Body Massage - Body Heat Massage Perth

Hours of Business : 10am open, closing varies on day, check the website

Rates : $120 half, $160 hour

Age : mid 20's

Size/shape : size 12, C to D cups, 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Brazilian

Services Provided : Massage + happy ending

Value for money/recommend? : YES

My experience/comments : Walked in and was greeted by the mamasan, sat on a couch and the girls all came by to introduce themselves. only 4 on as it was probably only about 11am. The 2 I best remember are Rihanna and Skye. Skye is ozzie/indo, tiny body with good looking bolt-ons. One of the girls that came through appeared new as well based on her shyness. As good as Skye looked I thought this a perfect opportunity to try something really new. 

Now they were doing renovations at the time but they kept their clients out of their way so you wouldn't run into them. Rihanna led me up the stairs into the huge room. Asked to shower and when she returned she stripped off all the way. an extra $20 give you touching privileges, but no pussy play. The massage room was luxurious and there was an awesome massage table, solid with 2 holes. Huge mirror to the side so you get a good view. 
Rihanna said she had worked in Sydney but didn't like it as the girls "gave it all away for nothing over there". Seeing as she is not interested in sex with her clients it was probably a smart move for her. 
Her massage was erotic but not therapeutic, she admitted she has not got any training, just went to get some massages to see what it would be like. Apparently the girls massage each other too haha. She later told me Lexi is a little Blonde Canadian pocket rocket who is a trained masseuse so I would be givin her a shot.

Lots of sensual teasing which was fantastic! on the flip the B2B continued with her great tits sliding all over my face and chest. She does enjoy her job. Turned to give me a great view of her pussy and wanted to shoot a load onto her chest then and there but couldnt. She turned back around, got her whole arm into the stroking so I could see her tits bouncing around. Finally shot a huge one!
There was a towel warmer in the room so got a good wipe down followed by watching her shower. Got a shower myself (the cubicle seems too small for 2) before leaving.

IMHO this was a more expensive punt than usual for me but I think it was great value. Quality garaunteed for a RnT, plus some variety of young girls. 
Parking available out the back too, and mamsan goes through the rules at the beginning (basically that they don't do sex)

Next time will be trying pocket rocket Lexi if she is still working there when I next get over.


Floor: #21
Post Time: 4th July 2014, 03:29 AM
Poster ID: baldie
Post Title: 
 Body Heat Relaxation Centre - Osborne Park - 08 9444 0544
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Nikki

Establishment : Body Heat RelaxationCentre, Osborne Park


Date of Visit : 3rd July2014


Address : 62 Gordon Rd, Osborne Park WA6017


Phone : (08) 9444 0544


Website :Gallery | Sensual Massage, Erotic Massage, Body Massage - Body Heat Massage Perth


Hours of Business : 10am till late


Rates : 30 min	$120; 45 min $140; 60min $160


Age : 23-27yo


Size/shape : D/E cup, medium build,stocky with nice soft curves, cuddly figure, but NOT a fat girl. Cuteface. Wears spectacles.


Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai 


Services Provided : massage, HJ,caressing.


Value for money/recommend? : Yes, ifyou like a relaxing, comfortable time with a lovely lady. If you arepurely interested in the physical service and massage technique, thenyour experience may vary.


My experience/comments :


I had great fun with this lady, mainlyenjoyed her company, as she was very easy to talk to and very easygoing. We spent a lot of the time cuddling and messing around, eventhough this an R'n'T -only venue. Some may prefer the girl to do morework, but I appreaciated her manner and her soft body and suggestedwe cuddle and play around instead. In the end, there was a ratherintimate happy ending and I was even allowed to sneak in a quickDATY.


A marvellous ending to a nice nightout.


Floor: #22
Post Time: 28th November 2014, 05:54 AM
Poster ID: baldie
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Claire

Establishment :  Body Heat Massage 

Date of Visit : 22nd November 2014

Address : 62 Gordon Rd East, Osborne Park

Phone : 08 9444 0544

Website : Body Heat - Claire 

Hours of Business : 10am till late

Rates : $160 per hour

Age :22-28yo

Size/shape : size 8, C cup, slim build, great figure. Picture on web-page looks close to the real thing. Nipples can poke an eye out! (See below)

Looks: Gorgeous. Elegant, beautiful face. Dyed brown hair with highlights. Looks like a JAV star, along the lines of Kan Yamate or Remi Sasaki 

From : Fukuoka, Kyushu, Japan.

Services Provided : massage, Spanish, frontal bodyslide, HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments :

Massage was okay, most importantly she did a great job on my aching legs as well the usual back and neck.

Her body slide and Spanish however, felt excellent. She provided a small sample of what you may experience in a Japanese soapland, whereby the girl will manoeuvre herself all over parts of your body, during the slide.

The HJ itself was standard stuff, but it felt good after the slide and teasing - plus, she also sat on my groin area to simulate a cowgirl position and also to provide body-closeness when administering it. This gave me something to hold and also provided an awesome visual.

I have seen other girls with a few more tricks and techniques, but I would definitely visit her again, especially for a longer session. I struck up a great rapport with this girl and we had a great time playing around. Her conversations are quite good in her strong Japanese accent and she has a good sense of humour. She is a beautiful girl and very charming. A real Japanese pleasure.

Her nipples are something like this:


Floor: #23
Post Time: 28th September 2015, 05:27 AM
Poster ID: baldie
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Porsha

Establishment : Body Heat Massage 

Date of Visit : 25 September 2015

Address : 62 Gordon Rd East, Osborne Park

Phone : 08 9444 0544

Website : Bodyheat Massage :: PORSHA

Hours of Business : 10am till late

Rates : $160 per hour, plus $50 for extra show; $210 all up

Age : 38 to early/mid 40s

Size/shape : Slim and slender, maybe size 8? 

Looks: She's a little older than the usual, and it does show in her face, maybe late 30s early 40s, but she is an attractive woman, a little like Jane Seymour during her Dr Quinn years. If she wore glasses, she would have that "stern librarian" look

From : Caucasian with Australian accent

Services Provided : massage, Spanish, frontal bodyslide, HJ, masturbation show

Value for money/recommend? : Not for $210, but maybe for $140, the price without eftpos. Otherwise, was a pleasant experience, with good conversation.

Massage was soft, with body slides on front and back. I opted to pay the extra fifty for a masturbation show and close in play, that was probably a bit of a mistake as it blew out the price to $210 altogether.  (Basically she masturbates on the table in front of you and holds you close)

I am curious as to whether refusal of the fifty dollar show would cause her to get a little sour and taint the experience, but I haven't read a bad review of her anywhere. I will say that she was the best technique/skill/service I've had at Body Heat for a long time and I would go back for a short session, if I'm in the area and they're open. My session with her has opened the place up as an option for me again, whereas before, I would have stayed away.

I thought the whole experience was good, but regret paying so much. 

I might not have made this a rave review, but I can understand why she has a fair group of fans on the internet.


