Thread Title: Body Health Leisure Centre - Girrawheen - 08 9343 5406
Floor: #1
Post Time: 4th November 2013, 06:26 PM
Poster ID: baldie
Post Title: 
 Body Health Leisure Centre - Girrawheen - 08 9343 5406
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Nicole

 Establishment : Body Health Leisure Centre

Date of Visit : 24/10/13

Address : Shop 10/ 32 Balgonie Ave, Girrawheen, WA, 6064 

Phone : 9343 5406

Hours of Business : 10am-10pm

Rates : 1 hr - $40 ex $50

Age : 30's

Size/shape : 5 feet high, medium build, not fat, nice figure, B-cup.

Overall looks : Little bit older, but quite cute actually. Certainly someone you would look at twice in the street!

Nationality or Ethnicity : Hong Kong

Language : Fluent English with Hongker accent.

 Services Provided : R&T

Value for money/recommend? : There are better girls here and elsewhere, would go again if in the area; however, hand-job itself was superb!

Experience :

Not too much to say here, was actually quite the standard experience for the massage. The massage was quite nice, and she was sensitive to my sore neck; which I would say owed much to her knowledge of English. Was a little strange in that she never hinted at any extras until you turn over. So there was no teasing or touching hints to get the throb up and running.

The HJ was quite good though. She used the light strokes and tweaks on the exposed head which was nice for a change; it really built up to a throbbing rock-hard boner, rather than having a mediocre orgasm from a semi; she also really squeezed hard and tugged firm when she cottoned on that the orgasm was gonna be a good one. Her technique actually left me quite hard for a fair while after the finish; which was a testament to her ability to build up a strong orgasm.

Over all, was satisfying, but would only see her again if she would provide a full-time tease, instead of massage, and also if she would do a double-pop in a longer session. If she ever went FS or private, I could imagine some very intense multi-pop sessions with her.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 6th November 2013, 02:44 AM
Poster ID: Calais V8
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Nice! Thanks for the review baldie, sounds like you had a good time 

I think I will head by and see what the other girls on offer are like. Didn't know there was a rnt joint there.  Will definatley put another review up after I try it out too.

Thanks again for sharing this place.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 6th November 2013, 10:42 PM
Poster ID: baldie
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
There used to be cutie from Yokine there, Bella. Ask if she's still on, she was a favourite of mine from way back; though I haven't seen her in a long, long time.


