Floor: #1
Post Time: 21st September 2015, 10:40 PM
Poster ID: baldie
Post Title: 
 Clazzzic Massage - Shop D2, Lot 4/34, Koondoola Ave, Koondoola - 0477879481
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jane (Jean? Jenn?)

Date of Visit : 19th September 2015

Establishment : Clazzzic Massage, Koondoola

Address : Shop D2, Lot 4/34, Koondoola Ave, Koondoola

Phone : 0477879481 

Hours of Business : 10am - 8:30pm

Rates : ½ hour teasing massage, bodyslide, frontal bodyslide and CBJ - $140

Age : 21-26yo (?)

Size/shape : slim and slender

Nationality or Ethnicity : Mandarin speaker, though might be a local girl. 

Knowledge of English: Very good and with a sense of humour 

Height: Average - Around 165 cm / 5'5" 

Estimated Body Size: 8 to 10 

Estimated Breast Size: B

Overall Looks: Cute face! Slender body with proportionate boobs, maybe b-cup

Personality & Performance: Excellent!


Kind of Experience: Fun!



A bit of a surprise this one!

Saw a sign on the road while driving past and decided to give it a try. It's at Koondoola shops, facing the pub.

Wasn't expecting much, but the inside of the shop was quite nice, with soft blankets on the tables, rather than just towels.

The girl who greeted me was a slim cutie named Jean, she kinda reminded me of Mia/Bella from the old Bodywell and Yokine. She was like the slender version of Mia, her face was less cutesy/pudgey. Big expressive eyes and a cute turned-up nose. (When she smiled, she kinda reminded of the food writer, Fay Khoo, back when she was in her early twenties) She looked pretty good in that tight red dress.

Nice enough massage, nothing overly special, though she was friendly and spoke English pretty well with a good sense of humour, making me think she might be a local girl. We were getting along really well by this stage and I mentioned I was ticklish and she responded with a lot fingertip teasing and few laughs at my expense with the noticeable goosebumps- which was a prelude to the offer of extras.

"Extras?" she asked,
"What do you do?" 
She made a HJ motion and said in my ear "Anything you like!"
I asked if she did a slide? Her face lit up for some reason and she gave us a big smile, "Slide it is! I can do that!"

The back slide was really very nice, lots of breathing in the ear, and pointy nipples tickling you all over. Occasionally, she would move back and wheelbarrow me up, for a bit more tease, then back to the slide.

Frontal flip, more of the slide, with some light kisses on the neck added to it and her roving hand making me think of the mess I gonna make if she kept up the stroke-rate! I didn't have to worry though, because she slid back, put a condom on me with her mouth and finished me off with nice warm blowjob! That was a surprise ending I must admit!

She gave me a "frequent flyer card" buy 10 get one free I think, and cleaned me up saying "I think my booking has just come in, it's okay take your time," and she left the room. Headed out, and as I got to the front door, she came back and thanked me and told me to come back soon.

Suffice to say, this was a bloody wonderful surprise.

Cost me $140 all up. A full hour would have been only $20 more, so I'm kicking myself a little bit.

An approximation of her figure below...


Floor: #2
Post Time: 14th October 2015, 03:49 AM
Poster ID: baldie
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I've heard through the grapevine that there are some other pretty young girls there, including one from Japan. Apparently they name the girls after months of the year. There is an April, a May and a June working there. The one I met might have been called Jan, as in January.

I haven't visited there since the review, but I might need to pop in again.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 22nd October 2015, 03:59 AM
Poster ID: baldie
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Supposedly Jan has shifted up to Paradise Wangara? I don't know what name she is working under. I have been in recently and the ladies there were of the older variety.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 29th June 2016, 04:34 PM
Poster ID: baldie
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Maggie

Date of Visit : June 2016

Establishment : Clazzzic Massage, Koondoola

Address : Shop D2, Lot 4/34, Koondoola Ave, Koondoola

Phone : 0477879481 

Hours of Business : 10am - 8:30pm

Rates : 1 hour massage, bodyslide, frontal bodyslide - $160

Age : 33 yo 

Size/shape : chunky and small-breasted

Nationality or Ethnicity : Shanghai Chinese

Knowledge of English: Goodish, very chatty

Height: Average - Around 165 cm / 5'5" 

Estimated Body Size: 12 to 14 

Estimated Breast Size: B

Overall Looks: Average looking girl, nice enough. Wouldn't complain if you ended up with her at last call at the pub.

Personality & Performance: Fun and chatty.

Recommend: Dunno, was an okay experience, read on...

Maggie is fullish-figured with smallish breasts; and quite demurely dressed when you arrive, making you wonder if extras really will be available or not.

She has a lovely, friendly personality, loves to chat in her broken English, mainly about all sorts of random stuff, even asking me about English words on her phone, that sort of thing. We were getting along quite well and I was totally relaxed and comfortable with her.

The massage was okay, not much on the legs, mainly on the back and neck and she did apply extra attention to more painful areas which was pretty good.  Wasn't really any hint of extras. 

At one point about twenty minutes in, she stopped the massage and told me it was time to remove my underwear, went to get hot towels, she came back and wiped off the oils and asked what extras I would like. I was actually a little surprised at this, but by this stage, I had built up quite a good rapport with her while chatting, so we had a bit of a laugh (at how this was a little unexpected from her behaviour and dress) and I agreed on my usual slide and HJ for a $100.

I was quite revved up now anyway, because there was nothing sexual in the massage, so I think my imagination may have gotten the better of the old fella, thinking that she might be a devil in disguise. Anyway, she undressed and massaged my "inner legs" with a bit of teasing, then hopped up and gave me a very nice backslide with lots of giggling, nibbling and kisses, reminiscent of my last visit to Clazzzic. I think she was self-conscious about her weight initially, but she seemed to relax a bit, especially when I told her I wanted to see her in full view. She turned me over and gave me a nice body-to-body leading up to the finish.

Here's the part that makes it okay, rather than pretty good. The clean-up was haphazard. I would have appreciated a bit more in terms of hot towels or wipes, but she just sort of left me to my own devices. The good thing about Clazzzic is that have a place to wash hands in the room, but I still though that this was lacklustre. She kept saying, "you go home and have a shower now, yes?" So I made her go get me some more wipes and used a heap of them.

Disappointing ending to what was a relatively enjoyable experience.

Her body was something like this, but chunkier and with smaller boobs:


