Thread Title: CN Massage Centre - 231-233 Hay St, East Perth
Floor: #1
Post Time: 14th October 2017, 10:03 AM
Poster ID: Lustvader
Post Title: 
 CN Massage Centre - 231-233 Hay St, East Perth
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Unknown (mamasan)

Establishment : CN Massage Centre

Date of Visit : September 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 231-233 Hay St, East Perth

Hours of Business : Unknown 

Rates : $70/hr 

Age : late 40s / early 50s

Size/shape : slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : massage only but...[see below]

Value for money/recommend? : No

My experience/comments : I found myself wandering through the dark backstreets of East Perth after a day's work, looking for a meal and, admittedly, semi-scouting for some sensual soothing to ease my weary bones afterwards (I've decided I'm not built for transcontinental flights in Economy). 

As I was nearing the end of my circuit, ready to head back to the main drag (St George's Terrace), I glanced at a relatively bright shopfront and noticed a small Chinese lady speaking on the phone and looking out the window. She seemed to stare directly into my soul and made a sudden jerky gesture with her free hand. I almost didn't see it as I'd been walking past at a decent pace and it took me a couple of seconds to process the significance of her action after realising it was a massage parlour. To an innocent passerby, it may have just been an odd gesture by an inscrutable Asian woman, but as a sleazy punter I recognised it as an abbreviated version of the universal HJ sign. So my scouting had paid off unexpectedly. I made a mental note of the location and continued on my way to find dinner with added urgency.

After hastily downing a satisfying serving of chilli mussels and a pint of lager, I returned to the shop about an hour later in eager anticipation. By now I'd done a fair bit of pavement pounding and I genuinely was keen for a relaxing massage, with anything more being a welcome nightcap. When I entered the parlour, there was a tough type lounging in the corner hunched over a mobile. We glanced at each other and looked away quickly and I realised he was a punter rather than the shop's muscle. The little woman I'd observed earlier during my recon hurried out from one of the curtained cubicles (not a great sign) and gleefully took my money after I requested an hour. With the unmistakable authority of a mamasan, he rushed me into the cubicle nearest the couch in the waiting-cum-reception area, told me to 'take off clothes please' and disappeared. 

Apart from the curtains, the paper-thin partitions did not extend to the ceiling -- another demerit in my book. The bigger issue for me right then was that the table was a mess. There was a damp-looking towel in an untidy heap at one end and the disposable cover was crumpled and clearly soiled by sweat and heaven only knew what else. A scrunched up tissue was on the floor. No bloody way was I stripping off and getting on that table. I was barely willing to remove my shoes. If I hadn't already paid upfront, I would have left at that stage.

The mamasan returned and was surprised I hadn't moved. I waved at the condition of, well, everything and she seemed to get the message, if slightly put out. She hastily cleaned up, laid a new cover and whisked away the evidence of the previous occupant. I reluctantly agreed to disrobe and she left me to it. As I lay waiting for my massage, I could hear another client finishing up and walking out of his cubicle and chatting with the guy I'd seen sitting. It sounded like a third punter joined them a short while afterwards and got ribbed jovially by his mates who enquired 'what took ya so fucking long, ya bastard'. Much merriment ensued. The trio then left, obviously in a happy mood.

Once again the mamasan returned after some animated chatter with an unseen ML outside my cubicle. She greeted me wearily and began what would be the most interrupted, tense massage I have ever had, for it seemed like every few minutes the front door would open and she would rush out to direct the traffic, before shuffling back in and apologising ('very busy tonight'). The massage itself, when it was actually taking place, was nothing to write home about either. There was barely anything soothing or sensual, with far too much use of her forearms and elbows, though she did spend a welcome amount of time on my bum and inner thighs shortly before asking me to turn over. But with the constant breaks in the rhythm and the loud voices of blokes who had clearly just rolled in right out of the nearby pub (a couple of times it almost sounded like they were standing beside me, given how flimsy the curtain and partition were), there was no way I was going to get aroused tonight.

When I was on my back, she brushed my shrivelled bits a couple of times and seemed almost perplexed that I was not sporting a raging boner, what with the erotic atmosphere and all... She became a bit bolder and ran her hands over it a few times which did improve matters somewhat and she made a big show of how impressive it was. She stepped out a couple of times during this part too, so when she finally asked the question with the same sign I'd seen in the window, I had no qualms in declining. I did innocently ask first if it was included in the price and she said '$30 extra', nodding to my jeans where I'd stuffed the change she had handed me earlier. No chance, especially knowing there was every likelihood of being interrupted mid-stroke.

She finished the massage, glancing sadly at my semi-flaccid penis every now and then, possibly wondering what might've been if only her customer service had been, you know, existent. At the end, she apologised again for the constant interruptions and suggested I was a good man for 'not get angry' -- if only she knew what lies beneath my inscrutable exterior. If you really wanted to make it up to me, you'd have given me a freebie at the end, you old crow, I thought to myself, while smiling resignedly at her and graciously accepting her feeble compliment. I dressed and left without looking back, realising it was past midnight back home and another day's work lay ahead. And I was more tense and tired than when I'd gone in.

It is possible that the MLs at this joint are reasonable and not always as disorganised when not being rushed off their feet, but my unhappy experience with the mamasan left a pretty sour taste in my mouth. I would have much preferred if she had just said they were booked out, either to me or the subsequent punters, but I guess it's not in their nature to turn away a quick buck.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 9th April 2019, 12:39 AM
Poster ID: LUNGOR
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I was in the same area today as my hotel is just around the corner on Adelaide Terrace, walked up to Hay St towards the Hay Street Mall, there are three massage shops quite close to each other, pretty sure one of them is a Thai and most likely legit but if the other two are run by Chinese then a good chance for a RnT quickie . Tomorrow is the only date I have a small window, wish me luck !!!

Won't make the same mistake like Adelaide that's for sure !

Stay tune !


Floor: #3
Post Time: 9th April 2019, 01:47 PM
Poster ID: massageboy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by LUNGOR


I was in the same area today as my hotel is just around the corner on Adelaide Terrace, walked up to Hay St towards the Hay Street Mall, there are three massage shops quite close to each other, pretty sure one of them is a Thai and most likely legit but if the other two are run by Chinese then a good chance for a RnT quickie . Tomorrow is the only date I have a small window, wish me luck !!!

Won’t make the same mistake like Adelaide that’s for sure !

Stay tune 
"""



Certainly all the Chinese places on Hay St are RnTs. FS is also generally available. I think there are 2 Thai. One is definitely legit and one offers limited extras. Can’t remember the names though. In my semi regular visits to Perth I have visited all the shops in this area. More expensive than Sydney though. No bargains in Perth CBD at least.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 12th April 2019, 03:19 PM
Poster ID: LUNGOR
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
My Perth RnT review is done and posted in Silver !

Yes, $50 for a clothed HJ only !!


