Thread Title: Divine Massage - 59C Walter Rd West, Dianella - 08 9271 4468
Floor: #1
Post Time: 24th February 2013, 05:00 PM
Poster ID: tomcassidy
Post Title: 
 Divine Massage - 59C Walter Rd West, Dianella - 08 9271 4468
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Didn't ask

Establishment : Divine Massage 

Date of Visit : 20/02/13 

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 59c Walter Rd West, Dianella WA 6059, (08) 9271 4468 

Hours of Business : 8:30 to 21:00 

Rates : $45/hr 

Age : 28

Size/shape : Slim 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese 

Services Provided : Massage only 

Value for money/recommend? : sort of...

My experience/comments : 

I'm sure some of you guys have been here before.  It's just a couple of shops down from Lily's.  There's a cheap looking sign out front which advertises for a $45/hr massage. 

I walk in at around 9am, and I'm greeted by two Asian ladies.  One is slim and relatively tall, flat chested with terrible looking teeth but otherwise an alright looking face, and the other is very busty, heaps of cleveage, a bit chubby but with a very plain looking face.  The busty one is just on the way into a massage (I can actually see into the room, with a naked dude on the table), so I get the tall one. 

I'm shown into the front room, it has 4 walls but they don't reach the ceiling.  Though the shop looks clean, it has a very empty feel.  Looks like it was thrown together quickly.  Later on, I find out it is only 4 months old.  I ask to use the bathroom, to get a better look around.  It's an outhouse.  I didn't even think things like that still existed.  Looking around, there are 3 rooms in total, and heaps of washing/towels hung up outside.  

The 1hr massag is quite good.  But I reckon the tables are a bit too hard.  It's also very cold in there, with the air con turned up high.  I kept my jocks on for the entire massage, as I normally do visiting a shop for the first time.  But she pulls them down slighly to rub my butt.  Nothing out of the ordinary, but perhaps a sign of more to come.  But nothing more happens.  No accidental touches, no wisper offering extras.

With 10min remaining, I ask if I can turn over, so she can work on the front of my legs.  She obliges.  I still have my undies on, but there's an obvious tent.  Again, no offer.  She's doing a great job ignoring me.  I can no longer resist - I pull the little fella out, and start masturbating.  Again, she just pretends as if its nothing unusual.  She leaves to get a hot towel.  Wipes me down.  All while I'm still tugging away.  She announces the massage is over, and walks out.  Leaving me with dick in hand. 

Oh well... I guess no extras are on offer here.

But I'd be interested to see if anyone else had better luck.  Being so close to Lily's and run by the Chinese, I'm sure you can get more here.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 7th May 2013, 07:39 AM
Poster ID: boi438
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I went to check out this place a few days ago, but there's a little note stuck to the front door saying that the business is closed due to illness. I don't know if that means it's closed for good, or if it will open for business again.


