Floor: #1
Post Time: 4th May 2011, 04:25 PM
Poster ID: Callas
Post Title: 
 Eve's Massage - 1/21 Broun Ave, Bedford - 08 9272 9722
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Lu Lu

Establishment : Eve's Massage Broun Avenue, Bedford, WA

Date of Visit: 3rd May, 2011

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: 21 Broun Avenue, Bedford, WA,  9271 1518

Hours of Business: 09:00 - 22:30

Rates: $40 1/2 hour, $70 1 hour massage

Age: mid 20's

Size/shape: slim, large breasts, not ugly but not very attractive either.

Nationality or Ethnicity: Korean, English limited

Services Provided: Massage, would not take off her clothes, hand job (extra $50)

Value for money/recommend?: Depends...

Drove past this place last evening and thought it may be worth a try. It's in a group of shops with some more 'legitimate' businesses alongside.
Went in and met 2 ladies at the desk. Agreed to a 1 hour massage for $70, but didn't know who with.
Taken into a room, very neat and tidy, proper massage table, soothing music, so far so good.
Was joined by Lulu, who proceeded to give me a very good, firm massage for the best part of an hour. Nothing sensual, just a really good therapeutic massage which was exactly what I had been looking for.
As we neared the end of my hour, I asked if she offered any 'additional' services. She said that she offered a handjob for an extra $50. I asked if that meant her getting her kit off, but she wanted an extra $200 for that. Not tonight, Lu Lu.
She dribbled some oil over the area then turned off the lights. In pitch darkness she said it was more sexy this way and proceeded to moan and groan as if she was having the time of her life...I certainly wasn't. I think my dick must have upset her in a previous life as the handjob felt like a mixture of someone trying to get a top off a beer bottle without an opener, trying to tear my dick off as a souvenir and strangling a rattlesnake to save her own life. I told her it was uncomfortable but she carried on until the little fella passed out from pain, not ecstasy. 
If you want a really firm and therapeutic massage, I'd say it was as good as I've ever experienced. The handjob was a pricey extra at $50, given that the hour massage was $70 and she manhandled the little fella like I had offended her family and there was a feudal score to settle.
Massage -9.5/10
Handjob - 0/10, 10/10 if you're into painful experiences.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 23rd May 2011, 12:07 AM
Poster ID: Ultradv8
Post Title: 
 Review Bella at Eve's Massage Bedford, WA
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Bella

Establishment : Eve's Massage

Date of Visit: 12th May 2011

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: 08-9272 9722/1-21 Broun Ave, Bedford WA/ beautifulcompanions.com.au

Hours of Business: From 10am to 10pm 

Rates: 30 mins - $40, 45 mins - $60, 1 hr - $70 (Chose 45 mins as I had limited time)

Age: Estimated 25

Size/shape: Approx size 8 (Sorry, bad with sizes)

Nationality or Ethnicity: Korean

Services Provided: Massage only

Value for money/recommend?: Good massage but if you are there for the extras, you may be disappointed.

My experience/comments:
Decided to give Eve's at Mt Lawley a call one afternoon. Made a booking at 6 but was told by the receptionist that they was no one available. Was told to call back after 5 mins to see if they can fit me in. Called back 5 mins later and was given directions to the Bedford location. Arrived there 5 mins before time and was greeted by a young Korean receptionist. She told me the prices and when I asked her about extras, she just said, "Discuss directly with masseuse". She then led me to the rooms. 

Clean rooms, nicely partitioned, typical of massage places. I personally haven't been to many but this is one of the cleanest places around. Was told by receptionist to strip down and lie on massage table. Did that and waited. Few minutes later, someone walked in and then started massage. Asked if I wanted hard or soft and I opted for hard. (Long day at work, wanted a relaxing massage). Asked about extras but no reply. Maybe I didn't ask loud enough, or she just pretended not to hear. Wasn't much of a conversationalist during massage. She basically just did her job and after 45 mins, she just went all done and left the room. 

So, although they advertise on BC web, they are probably a non sexual massage place, or maybe I just got the wrong girl. 

Worth going back if you are just game for a massage and nothing else.

Cheers


Floor: #3
Post Time: 31st May 2011, 10:34 PM
Poster ID: Donny74
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I had a similar experience at the Mt Lawley shop with Sarah. Massage was conducted mostly through a covering towel. At the end of the massage, was waiting for an invitation to flip over when she said "OK, all done. Time's up." Before I could ask about anything else, she was gone.

She was wearing a prominent crucifix around her neck which did seem out of place with what I was expecting. But it turns out that maybe I was the one out of place.

The place is nowhere near as nice as their Bedford shop in terms of decor.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 2nd June 2011, 12:35 AM
Poster ID: dick
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
love your prose I had a good laugh, reminds me of the time my mate seduced a life long lessy who gave him a blow job but nearly bite off his dick with the teeth action!!!!


Floor: #5
Post Time: 12th July 2011, 04:51 AM
Poster ID: ahong
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Celina

Establishment : Eve Massage Bedford


Hours of Business :  10am to 10pm

Rates : 1 hour $70

Age : 20


Nationality or Ethnicity : Korean and English is good

Services Provided : Massage


My experience/comments : If your after massages she’s really good. She’s good at both hard and soft massage. No extra but her massage was really good.

Out of interest I've been to both massage locations.

Bedford is definitely the better because they have separate rooms.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 13th November 2011, 08:36 PM
Poster ID: osharka
Post Title: 
 Eve's Massage, Bedford WA
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name :   Unknown

Establishment :   Eve's Massage

Date of Visit :   November 2011

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :   1/21 Broun Ave Bedford

Hours of Business :    9.00am - 11.00pm

Rates :   $70/hr

Age :   24-ish

Size/shape : Medium build   

Nationality or Ethnicity :   Korean

Services Provided :   Oil massage

Value for money/recommend? : so-so  

My experience/comments : I arrived home from overseas to find the local scene somewhat disrupted - what with Bodywell closed and all.  So I was on the lookout for a new place and spotted Eve's - with its painted-over windows it looked like the kind of place that would offer something extra.

I walked in and noticed they offered several styles of massage.  There were two ladies on reception, one asked "Massage?" I said yes and I was shown to a room and told to strip off.  The room was large and pleasant - the place was previously a beauty salon.

There was no introduction, no discussion of what style of massage I wanted, she just got straight into it.  An unusual style of massage, lots of pressing and a bit of stretching, but not like Thai.  Some work on buttocks and feet which was nice.  

When she reached my feet she excused herself for a few minutes to get hot towels, rubbed me down and then - that was it!  I spent the entire hour face down, no work on my front let alone hints of extras.

I like a good massage even without extras, but I wasn't expecting a half-body massage.  I don't think I'll be back.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 5th January 2012, 04:35 AM
Poster ID: MOQ
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Establishment : Eve's Massage

Date of Visit : January 2012

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Mt Lawley

Rates : $70 1 hour

Age : Mid 20s

Nationality or Ethnicity : Looked Korean

Services Provided : Massage only

Value for money/recommend? : Average

My experience/comments : Went to Mt Lawley shop. There were 2 girls at the front desk. One of them took me me into the back room, which was very ordinary setup. Told to take cloths off, and I waited the girl to return laying down face down fully naked. When she returned, immediately she placed a towel, covering large portion of my back. Massage was done initially over the towel, then started oil massage to the parts not overed by towel...and that was it! At the end, I was told to sit up on the side of the table, she finished off the massage of my neck and back for a couple of miniute, then said "Thank you" and left the room. She was polite but did not talk at all during the session. Overall, average massage and no fun.


Floor: #8
Post Time: 10th February 2012, 02:53 PM
Poster ID: regular
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Went past yesterday and this place seems to have been rebadged. I thought it would be hard to maintain two Eve's businesses in the same area, particularly if they are not offering extras.

I think Mt Lawley will suffer the same fate. They keep putting up more advertising signage, so they must be hurting. IMHO only the businesses offering that little bit extra will survive!

It will be interesting to see if the Bedford premises with their change of ownership will result in something more being added to the menu.


Floor: #9
Post Time: 16th February 2012, 05:19 PM
Poster ID: Liluser
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Japanese girl

Establishment : Eve's Massage/ Changed there name of both shops

Date of Visit : Feb 2012

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 1/21 Broun Ave Bedford

Hours of Business : 9.00am - 11.00pm

Rates : $50/hr special before 1pm

Age : 24

Size/shape : small

Nationality or Ethnicity : Japan

Services Provided : Oil massage

Value for money/recommend? : so-so 

As i drove past today, i saw a huge special sign, $50/hour so thought id give it a go, I dont mind having just a massage provided its good.
was led to the room, nicely set up rooms, with mirrors everywhere, not told to leave my underpants on, so i thought so far so good, 
when she came into room she immediately covered me with a towel, "not a good sign" was asked do i want hard, soft or med, which i replied soft
then she proceded to bang me like she was digging for gold, i reminded her i wanted soft.
then the towel came half off and she started on my back, after 5 mins she starts using her elbows on me, like have you ever had a soft massage with someone using there elbows, i asked how long she had been doing massage work, she replied 3 weeks. ooo i thought
she did about 35min on the back then 10 on my leg, didnt go near the sensitive parts, then got asked to turn over, she did a wonderful job of not look at my brother, like he was scary or something.
and then a nice boring quick front job to finish
My masseuse she left the room 3 times to tend to customers, as there seems to be no receptionist, answered the phone 2 times, and still cut me short close to 10 minutes, but that wasn't the worst
as i was leaving, i managed to see the other 2 girls, who all looked ok, so i thought i might have another hour, seems it was only $50, but they both made me feel like they didn't want to do me. so i left


Floor: #10
Post Time: 18th August 2015, 09:40 PM
Poster ID: baldie
Post Title: 
 The Body Hue Massage, 1/21 Broun Ave Bedford -  The odd couple, or the best bait'n'switch ever?!
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sasuki and Yui

Establishment :  The Body Hue Massage 

Date of Visit : August 12th 2015

Address: 1/21 Broun Ave Bedford

Weblink: THE BODY THERAPY MASSAGE

Phone : 08 9272 1512

Hours of Business : 9.00am - 11.00pm

Rates : $40 ½hr + $30 HJ

Age : 22-27

Size/shape : Sasuki petite framed, Yui petite with nice curves and boobies.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Maybe Japanese and Korean/Northern Chinese

Services Provided : Oil massage from Sasuki, HJ and rub-down with Yui

Value for money/recommend? : fark yeah! But maybe this was a one-off experience?? 


Had a strange but utterly delightful experience the other day. Popped into Body Hue on the corner of Coode and Broun in Bedford. Paid for a 30min massage. Was a lovely lady, I think her name was Sasuki or Satsuki. Anyway, she could have actually been Japanese or Korean by her accent, and she spoke in soft calming manner. Good looking girl though, looks a lot like Sophia from Jilakin Massage in Canning Vale. Very good massage, nothing untoward, then she said in those soft, soothing tones, "OK, I get you hot towels" and left the room...

I wasn't expecting anything as I received a very good massage, did my neck the world of good, also my lower back. Anyway, lying there relaxed with eyes closed, the doors burst open and a totally different voice, bubbly, chirpy and loud, "Hot towels!" she proclaims loudly, cute as a button with nice boobies, starts rubbing me down vigorously like she was possessed, removing the oils with great gusto. Then, just as loudly, "Extras! Handjob!" with a big smile on her face. I wasn't revved up or anything, I was more stunned than anything else and she noticed, "You never been here before? Haha! It OK!" gave me this big smile, "My name Yui!" She points outside the room, "and she Sasuki!" and starts laughing, taking a non-aroused man to his happy (though bewildered) ending. Handed me my wallet, I gave her $50, because what the hey, right? She says "oh no" and gives me $20 back. "Only thirty!" with a big smile.

She cleaned me up and said "That good? OK!" and left the room. I got changed, was about to leave and she comes back "You OK?" I say yeah and she smiles "OK good!" And wanders off again.

I walk outside the room and Satsuki is standing at the desk, with this funny grin. I look up at her with this WTF look on my face and she bursts out laughing. I head for the door and I hear "OK! Good!" Yui was standing behind me waving and smiling. I turned to Sasuki and say "I wasn't expecting that" Sasuki shakes her head, smiles and with her soft-spoken voice says, "It's OK, thanks very much, come back soon"
"Yes! Come back sooooon! Bye-BYE!" says Yui smiling and waving. Sasuki is still laughing.

Talk about an odd couple. It was like a clichéd comedy act with the straight one and the crazy one. I dunno if this qualifies as a bait'n'switch seeing as Yui was probably the better-looking of the two, but it was a helluva fun experience.



An exaggerated version of what these two were like...


