Thread Title: Exquisite Massage - Ferndale - 08 63778387
Floor: #1
Post Time: 30th November 2016, 09:26 PM
Poster ID: ABC_Bonker
Post Title: 
 Exquisite Massage - Ferndale - 08 63778387
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Annie

Establishment : Exquisite Massage

Date of Visit : This week

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 6/560 Metcalfe Rd Ferndale WA 6148 Phone:08 63778387

Hours of Business : Daily 09:00 – 20:00

Rates : $70 / hour + extras but YMMV

Age : Early 20’s

Size/shape : Slim, 163cm, 50kg, 32A

Nationality or Ethnicity : PRC

Services Provided : Massage, RnT, CBJ YMMV

Value for money/recommend? : A bit pricey for services provided.

My experience/comments : 

Whilst searching for a RnT joint close to where I was staying I came across Exquisite Massage’s ad in Locanto.  Whilst there seemed to be quite a few potential shops around I chose this one as it was relatively new.

Phoned and made a booking before making my way there.  The person who accepted my booking had a Malaysian accent and spoke quite good English whereas Annie’s English was not that good (she mentioned she had only been in Australia for about 3 months from China).   The shop is in a quiet shopping centre in Ferndale and has an Asian Grocery’s entrance door facing the entry. Rocked up to see an attractive young lady outside the door talking to the person working in the Asian Grocery shop who quickly went inside when she saw me parking – turned out she was Annie.

Gave Annie the $70 for the hour booking and was led to one of the rooms.  The massage room was quite spacious with a small sink  and I noticed a bunch of tissues in the tray under the massage table so things were looking good! Annie had on a demure white patterned dress and had a cute face but was fairly flat chested with slim legs.

I undressed and assumed the usual position on my stomach with the towel covering my butt whilst Annie ducked out for a few minutes.  Upon her return, she commenced a pressure point massage on my back, shoulders and arms.  When standing at the head of the table she was pressing her stomach into my head and when on the side of me was pressing her leg against my arm so I lightly caressed her leg which didn’t cause any complaints but I didn’t push my luck. The towel was removed after the pressure point massage and Annie commenced a light oil massage on my body including a pretty good hand massage.  There was the occasional TT which kept things interesting.  

After the warm towel wipe down, Annie got me to bend one of my legs and then to cross it over the other leg (whilst I was still on my stomach). She then commenced a light sensual tease of my inner thigh with brushes against the sack and also along my stomach towards my groin using the slight hollow under my stomach caused by my position.  I never had this technique done before and it was quite sensual.  The same technique was used on the other side of my body before I was asked to turnover with a pillow placed under my head.  By then I was erect and the universal HJ sign was asked.  Annie indicated it was $50 for the HJ and topless and then brings my tray over containing my wallet whilst I was erect to pay her – WTF!  She then takes off her bra and unzips the back of her dress to the top of her butt (with my help) and proceeds to lightly stroke little ABC whilst allowing me to suck her nipples before indicating if I wanted  a BJ.  Once again negotiations about price stopped all action and it was an additional $40 for full nude with CBJ. My clothes were once again brought back to me whilst I gave her the additional money.  I understand $90 is probably a bit steep for a fully nude HJ, nipple play, pussy play and CBJ but hey I was on holidays. :P  Once financials were out of the way, I helped Annie undress fully and she dommed me up before commencing a really nice BJ. She allowed pussy play but didn’t allow for insertion.  I tried to last as long as I could but the combination of her BJ, playing with her pussy and slim butt pushed me over the edge.  She continued sucking until I was quite soft and cleaned me up afterwards.  She finished off my session with a leg massage until time was up.
I would probably return but would like to sample some other RnT shops first (if I have further opportunities).


