Thread Title: Fabulous Massage - 0452 395 352, Mt Hawthorne, cnr of Green st and London st
Floor: #1
Post Time: 22nd September 2017, 04:56 PM
Poster ID: Legs11
Post Title: 
 Fabulous Massage - 0452 395 352, Mt Hawthorne, cnr of Green st and London st
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Mamasan

Establishment : Fabulous Massage

Date of Visit : 22 Sept 17

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0452 395 352, Mt Hawthorne, cnr of Green st and London st

Hours of Business : 10 am til 10 pm

Rates : Usual Massage rates

Age : 50 ish

Size/shape : round 

Nationality or Ethnicity : chinese

Services Provided : massage with HE, or BJ, topless naked 

Value for money/recommend? : mmmm...not for me

My experience/comments : 

I was out driving and have been past this place a few times and thought that I would give it a go.

Parked around the back in the carpark, walked into the shop and two ladies are in there, they both jump up, I ask for an hour massage, the younger of the two and with a pretty good body with nice boobs leads me away to the end room.

I pay and start to get ready when she walks in and starts the massage, unfortunately she has another booking so she leaves and I'm left with the mamasan. I just close my eyes and enjoy the rub. She isn't that good (IMO) but she does the tackle tickle and askes if that is OK, I say yes.

When she is at my head end she definitely makes sure she's up for anything as she puts her pussy right onto my hands and pushes in, I try to move my fingers and I asked her if that was OK, and she responds with 'would you like that'......

Anyway on with the massage and it was interupted three times, first by a phone call, which she still continued to rub me down with one hand (not impressed) and then by clients coming into the door.

The massage itself was very average, just rubbing the main areas. Time to turn over and she cups my balls and strokes me asking what I would like, $50 for topless, $100 for a BJ, I went for the topless (thought why not), her boobs were actually quite smooth and firm for her age, nice big nipples as well, I go for a feel down between her legs and her arse, time comes for me to blow my load and she's impressed.

The massage continues for about another 10-15 minutes which I thought would never end.


