Thread Title: Iris Therapy - 4 Seddon St, Subiaco - 08 9388 6270
Floor: #1
Post Time: 31st December 2012, 11:04 PM
Poster ID: tomcassidy
Post Title: 
 Iris Therapy - 4 Seddon St, Subiaco - 08 9388 6270
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Unknown

Establishment : Iris Therapy, Subiaco, WA

Date of Visit : 30/11/12 

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 4 Seddon St, Subiaco, WA  08 9388 6270
Hours of Business : 7 days 

Rates : $70 for 1 hr 

Age : late-20s 

Size/shape : Very fit! 170cm, skinny, super long legs 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Korean 

Services Provided : HJ for $30 

Value for money/recommend? : yes for the massage, no for the HJ 

My experience/comments : This place is hidden away in a carpark, behind Llama bar.  I found it by accident, after I went for Japanese with a friend one night.  The entrance is quite exposed, you can feel every eye watching you as you walk in.  Once inside, you get a very legit impression - it's a series of 4-5 cubicle, separated by thick padded curtains.  There's a nice little water feature, and a smell of scented candles.  Because I was asked to pay upfront, there was a slight chance more could be on offer.
The girls will ask you to take off your shoes before you walk into the shop.  A nice 'authentic' touch.
Just looking around, I reckon 4 girls work there at one time - and they are all stunning.  I was turned on, just knowing that a hot girl would be giving me a massage.  Not the usual, 40+ chinese ladies.
The massage was great. Probably the best I've had, with the exception of Tiandi in Chatswood, NSW. I think the best part of Iris, is knowing that they change the towels after each customer. There's just a nice clean feel about the place. I'd strongly suggest going just for the massage. During my massage, a lady customer walked in, and ended up in the cubicle to my right. By this stage I was certain no extras would be on offer. 
I really had to work to hint that I was after more.  I asked her to concentrate my massage on my bum - twice!
In the end, I had to start masturbating before she got the hint. But once she did, she was more than forthcoming. She quoted $30, and wispered that I had to be quiet - given the lady next door.
It was probably the worst HJ ever.  Hard in all the wrong ways.  Far too forceful.  And any groping was well and truly off limits.  In the end, with a bit of concentration, she finally did the job.  Not the most plesant of experiences.
But I have been back again, just for the massage.  I got a different girl, but she was just as good looking, and the massage was to the same fantastic standard.  No HJ was offered, and I didn't try and solicite one either.
Highly recommend the massage, avoid the HJ.


