Thread Title: Jasmine Thai Massage - Albany Hwy, Victoria Park (Perth) WA - 08 6111 8706
Floor: #1
Post Time: 22nd June 2018, 09:50 PM
Poster ID: Frontloader
Post Title: 
 Jasmine Thai Massage - Albany Hwy, Victoria Park (Perth) WA - 08 6111 8706
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Ayu


Establishment : Jasmine Thai Massage 


Date of Visit : june 2018


Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 1/300 Albany Hwy,  Victoria Park, (Perth), WA
08 6111 8706 
20 min Walk from Casino 
Could no find advert.


Hours of Business : 10am-8pm, 7 days


Rates : $45 / 30 min


Age : early 30's


Size/shape : 155cm tall, size 12, a bit of pud around the middle, saggy C boobs. But read on


Nationality or Ethnicity : thai


Services Provided : massage, hj, daty, dfk, fip, cot


Value for money/recommend? : yes


My experience/comments : 
Entered this shop and it had the hallmarks or a legit Thai massage shop. Ayu showed me to my room. Table and a floor mattress in a room with short partioned walls. No music. 


Thai, early 30's , size 12 with some pud, saggy post baby C boobs with erect nipples, fantastic ass (bunchy size 10), didn't match the rest of ber body. About 155 cm tall, black hair to mid back. Dark tanned skin, wide face, absolutely happy persona, very chatty, interested, sexy, frisky, sensual at the right time. 
Wore short black dress, pattern bra and G banger. Pussy, shaved but growing back, more hair beneath than on top. 


Ayu was quite chatty throughout and lots of questions. Dry towels massage to start followed by oil massage. She got up on the table and kneeled by my side and leaned forward to massage. At that point I tested the water and patted her under her dress.... A giggle and a slap on my ass.  Ok, game on. 


She jumped off, parted my legs and went to work on my tackle, and very nice it was... Flip and 15 minutes and she wanted $50 for a tug, I asked for $50 clothes off and she agreed. She undressed to expose an ordinary body, saggy C boobs, a bit fat around the guts but saved by a great tight little ass and the fact that both of us were nude. We also seemed to hit it off and her convo is quite engaging.


She starts by oiling me up but then just licks her hand and polishes my rod... She has no problem with boob sucking and deep tongue kissing. I invite her onto the table and she gets on face up. Some massage, then I attempted some DATY, although initially pushed away she guides me back. I move to the end of the table spread her legs and dive in, lick, lick, suck, suck, one then two fingers in all the way and combined with some licking she gets off with her hand behind my head pushing me into her. By this time I'm slowly running the flat of my tongue from her ass all the way up past her clit and little shaft which were both hard.


I jump off and move to the side of the table and she leans forward almost, but not quite, taking me in her mouth and jerks me off and rubbing my knob against her breast until I unload over her boobs as I continue to finger her. She giggles as I search for the tissues to clean her up. By the time I do she is rubbing my cum across her right breast and making swirls with her finger. Clean up, tip her the agreed $50. 


I was happy with the finish and we ran 10 minutes over at no extra cost. I would return as I quite like her. There was another tall, slim mid 40's ML from Indonesia who I also would mind being massage by.


$50 for 30 min, $50 for topless Hj, but extended to nude DATY, Finger deep in pus and COT for no extra coat 
Oil massage, spit HJ. Did initially $100 for topless HJ and later $100 would get ,pme a lot more fun...


Warning... Some cum ended up on the towel, she wiped it off and turned the towel over... Mmmmmm.


Their original shop is still located at:
Jasmine Oriental Massage 
6/121 James St guilford, (Perth) WA. 
92797642


