Thread Title: KAL's chinese Massage  91 Dempster St, Esperance, WA
Floor: #1
Post Time: 7th September 2016, 04:42 PM
Poster ID: lofty14u
Post Title: 
 KAL's chinese Massage  91 Dempster St, Esperance, WA
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Rachael

Establishment : KAL's Chinese massage

Date of Visit : Last week

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 91 Dempster St, Esperance, WA

Hours of Business : 9am - 9pm & days

Rates : $80 (plus tip)

Age : mid 20's

Size/shape : Size 10, very tappable body

Nationality or Ethnicity : PRC

Services Provided : Massage and HR

Value for money/recommend? : Not really

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

Dropped in here on the spur of the moment. Rachael was free and ushered me straight into a room. Told to disrobe and leave my underwear on.........hmm, no underwear, so she said, no problem.
She returns to the room, I've nuded up and am laying face down. She covers my arse with a tiny hand towel and my feet with a large warm bath towel.
Starts a really silly head and neck massage. I eventually ask her to stop and start on my back with the oil. 
She does a pretty ordinary massage and continually asks how it is..........but i'm too polite to actually say......Yeah, it's crap thanks.
Any way, does my arse and then the legs and gets me to flip over. She covers my tool with this tiny hand towel and starts massaging my legs. So, I start to bone up and the towel is now up sort of in the air and still covering little lofty. I ask her if she can help the situation and she whispers that she needs a tip. I offer $20, but she wants $50! We negotiate for $30.
She proceeds to oil the little fella up and starts the HJ. I'm really quite toey and am busting to cum, so it's not gonna take too long. I ask her to rub my balls as well, I quickly erupt a good load onto my belly, with a couple of initial spurts on my chest. She seems impressed, although this girl doesn't have a lot of personality. Just a little smile as she commences the clean up with tissues. 
She finished the massage with some more head and scalp work. 
I dressed and left the room as another client was coming in.........a nice mid 40's MILF who wanted a strong massage, from the guy at the desk. 
Hmm, I would've like to give her one thats for sure.
Would I return to see Rachael? Nah, she didn't do much for me during the massage and was pretty mechanical in the HJ. She didn't allow any touching as well.


