Thread Title: Kent St Massage - Rockingham - 0449 719 615
Floor: #1
Post Time: 20th April 2018, 12:53 PM
Poster ID: Hot_kp
Post Title: 
 Kent St Massage - Rockingham - 0449 719 615
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Connie

Establishment : Massage Clinic

Date of Visit : April 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Kent St Massage Rockingham WA
0449 719 615



Hours of Business : daily

Rates :  $40/half plus extras

Age : late 20's

Size/shape : sz 8 bcups a bit saggy with big areola. 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : massage with HE

Value for money/recommend? : good release, crap massage. Expensive. 

My experience/comments : Typical Thai setup with a couple of girls. Friendly and engaging, Connie left me with no doubt what was on offer straight up from the get go. As I laid on the table Connie positioned my legs wide apart and with one hand in the middle of my back the other hand slid down the crack of my arse all the way under and grabbed my cock and placed me in an accessible position. While doing this she also gently kissed my ear and continued down my back blowing on my body and between my legs. 

A great start which was lucky because the massage was pretty ordinary. Still, she did spend plenty of time grabbing my cock and blowing on me and let's face it. That's why I was there. 

On turn over she made the universal gesture. I asked how much. We then bartered back and forth. Full naked with HE was $100. Topless and HE was $70. And just a HE was $30. Of course it's very hard to negotiate sensibly when she has your hard on in her hand so naked it was and in truth it was good. Expensive but good. She 'washed' my hands with disinfectant gel and gave me full access to her little bod. With her tit in my mouth and my fingers deeply in her twat and playing with her clit she brought me to a slow and exquisite climax. This girl knows how to get you over the line and if you have no control it would all be over in minutes. Lucky I was able to give as good as I got and had her breathing heavily as well and in the end she slapped me gently and accused me of being a naughty boy. Praise indeed from a professional.


