Thread Title: Leelawadee Thai Massage - Clarkson - 0423 220 505
Floor: #1
Post Time: 4th November 2013, 07:29 PM
Poster ID: brudr12
Post Title: 
 Leelawadee Thai Massage - Clarkson - 0423 220 505
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Chaporn

Establishment : Leelawadee Clarkson

Date of Visit : 4/11/13

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Leelawadee | Thai massage & spa 

Hours of Business : Card says 10am-7pm 7 days, I think it may be 6 days (not Sundays??) Chaporn only works, Mon, Weds, Friday.

Rates : Normal Massage $70 /hour, but their website has a New Section added on the 25/10: "External Massage of the prostate gland can be beneficial in improving  circulation stagnant blood and toxins are moved. These toxins and  poisons then accumulate in the prostate causing prostatitis, pain,  inflammation, infection and prostate cancer." This is $120 per hour.

Age : 50 ish

Size/shape : small

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Thai massage and "external prostate massage"

Value for money/recommend? : Strangely, yes...

My experience/comments : Having been to Leelawadee for two nice massages from a girl called Ae who teased but that's all, I saw the new entry on their website and had to see what it was all about. It has taken a week or so to arrange my time to match Chaporn's but today we met. The massage itself is wonderful, concentrating solely on the legs and lower back and after the flip, the real Thai style bending and stretching started which felt wonderful. Chaporn is an excellent masseuse. Of course with all the bending and stretching, the covering towel comes off and the massage gets closer and closer to the important parts. Chaporn did a wonderful job of building the excitement without ever actually touching my cock, just working in and around and yes, I believe she may have been externally massaging my prostate. Wonderful technique, but not touching and I was beginning to wonder if it would be another tease but don't touch episode; when I was just about begging for it,Chaporn assisted the finish and a very intense orgasm was enjoyed by me!
I know $120 straight out seems quite expensive when you can get a rub for 70 and a tug for an extra 30, but I have to say the experience was worth it indeed.
They even do a loyalty rewards thing where your eighth massage is free- just not the Men's special...

Will I be back, yes indeed. What an experience!


