Thread Title: Natural Earth Massage & Day Spa - Sh 6, 224 Belmont Ave, Belmont - 0423 467 850
Floor: #1
Post Time: 30th September 2010, 08:10 PM
Poster ID: peeble
Post Title: 
 Natural Earth Massage & Day Spa - Sh 6, 224 Belmont Ave, Belmont - 0423 467 850
				
Post Content: 
Establishment and/or person's Name: Miki at Natural Earth Day Spa & Massage

Contact Details/Address: Shop 6 in the Belmont Village (224 Belmont Avenue)
Contact number is 0423467850

Hours of Business: (if known or applicable) 09am to 10pm

Prices: $70 massage (I then paid $100 for extras)

Age: Late 20s early 30s

Size/shape: Size 6 around 5 foot with nice B cups

Nationality or Ethnicity: Chinese

Services: Massage, nude, with happy ending

Value for money/recommend?: slightly dearer than similar places, but new business, nicely laid out, and yes would recommend.

My experience/comments: Been going to Bodywell in Inglewood for sometime and was told by a girl there of this new place in Belmont so thought I would step out of my comfort zone and investigate.

Shop front in Belmont Village, heavily congested car park so after finding some difficulties in parking went looking for the place. Hand written signs in the window and i nearly missed it, but once found went inside.

Place is new with cubicles on the left and was met by the boss lady who didnt greet me, but pointed to a cubicle and said Miki will be with me soon. No chance to ask prices before being shown into the cubicle. A bit more spacious than Bodywell and each cubicle has a ceiling so room is self contained.

Miki met me, I asked for 1 hour, paid $70 and she promptly left the room before i had a chance to ask about extras. On her return, still not undressed I asked about extras, coyly she asked what I wanted. Her English is not good but we finally agreed on nude massage & happy ending for $100. Touching allowed, but "not in pussy"

Money paid i started to undress and before I had my shirt off she was naked in front of me.

Massage, had to ask for a little bit firmer but overall nice and relaxing. Her B cups found there way into my face on several occasions so all in all very enjoyable.

Full body massage consisted of back, front, neck and one leg?? Although with plenty of play around my anus and ball sack I figure she got distracted.

Happy ending was subsequently reached with moaning on her part but overall a very pleasant experience and one I will probably return for if i find myself in the area again.

Pros, a lot nicer and cleaner than Bodywell, cubicles are larger.

Cons, no showers and walls are paper thin as I was able to hear, all be it muffled, the conversation in the next cubicle. Also while she was getting a hot towel another girl walked in on me, realising room being used exited quickly.

Miki told me this place has only been opened 3 weeks, averages 3 to 5 girls on duty,  all Chinese, but not really busy.

Miki gave me a nice kiss to say goodbye and led me her hand to the front door. It was only then I noticed all the girls were wearing the same uniform, white shirt and a short checked skirt. A nice touch I thought. It is these little things that shows me the Boss Lady is really trying with this establishment and I hope she succeeds with it.

Regards

Peeble


Floor: #2
Post Time: 17th January 2011, 05:05 PM
Poster ID: Mikey247
Post Title: 
 Winnie Belmont massage centre
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name:Winnie

Establishment (if applicable):Belmont massage

Contact Details/Address: Belomont massage in Belomnt village

Hours of Business: 10:00am - 10:00PM

Prices:starting from 50 for 45 min

Age:23

Size/shape: 6

Nationality or Ethnicity:Asian

Services:RnT

Value for money/recommend?:Cheap so I'll go back and see what other girls they have.

My experience/comments: Went to bemolt massage the other day was not expecting RnT as I just needed someone to massage my neck having hurt it the night before..... Entered and was greeted by average looking older lady who asked me how long I wanted a massage for. After looking at the prices I decided to go with a 45 min massage.

I was asked to get changed and that someone will be with me shortly. After changing Winnie entered the room. She could have been 34 so a bit on the older side but that did not phase me that much as I was not expecting any extras. The massage started of slow and was not bad at all. After awhile tho she jumped my back and started massaging me with her legs... From this point on I knew that extra was on the table... Having finished rubbed my back she slowly  started rubbing my thighs and then decided she'd start stroking my balls followed by massaging my cock.

She then asked me to turn over and offered tug for extra $30.. Not a bad price so i said what the heck, do it... Tug was great she even filled the rest of the time with a head and extra back massage. I got the feeling more is offered as I was able to finger her during my session. Overall service was ok.... Nothing like Stephanie tho... Man I miss her.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 21st January 2011, 10:41 PM
Poster ID: Donny74
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Sakira

Establishment (if applicable): Natural Earth Massage

Contact Details/Address: Belmont Ave

Hours of Business: (if known or applicable) 10 - 10

Prices: $50 for 45  min

Age: 25 - 30

Size/shape: 10

Nationality or Ethnicity: PRC

Services: Full massage with extras

Value for money/recommend?: Excellent massage, but I felt the extras weren't delivered with much enthusiasm

My experience/comments: (Here you must have at least 1 full sentence - "Ill be back" or "good value" is not a sentence or review. 20 word minimum please). Sakira presented in a short skirt and high heels which immediately grabbed my attention. She is quite good looking, with a good figure and nice C boobs. Her massage was excellent but the extras were spolied a bit by her constant "don't touch the pussy". 
For $70 extra I had her topless with a HJ finish.
Her massage was very good but given what I have read about this place, I had hoped for more with the extras. Would I recommend? Probably yes, as the massage itself was quite good.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 11th May 2011, 10:44 PM
Poster ID: donutduck
Post Title: 
 Belmont Day spa! yummy!
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name:  MiMi

Establishment :  Belmont Spa

Date of Visit:  Feb 2011

Contact Details/Address/Weblink:  Next to Belmont Forum, Belmont Western Australia

Hours of Business:   10 - 10?

Rates:  $70/hr full body massage + $30 for the hand job

Age:  27

Size/shape:  short but nice body.. nice round tits..

Nationality or Ethnicity:  HK

Services Provided:  full body massage with hand job at the end.

Value for money/recommend?:  YES YES YES!

My experience/comments: First time going to belmont spa. Found them in the West australian newspaper. I was going to other massages around perth before but nothing like this one. Here the place is clean and relaxing. 

I didnt really get to choose the girls, I was introduced my the mamasan to MiMi (I bet thats not her real name). Mimi came into the room and she was real pretty. Wearing a tight short skirt with a tight top. Did i mention shes got nice tits? Anyhow, she came in, gave me a hug and we kinda kissed. Like a bf and gf. Very nice start.

Cutting the story short.. I got the best massage ever then she told me its $30 for a HJ and $50 for HJ in the nude. I picked the HJ only but I still got to feel her tits under her top. I even got to play with her wet pussy while she jerked me off. Loving it!

so in the end 10 out of 10! no complaints..


Floor: #5
Post Time: 14th May 2011, 10:06 PM
Poster ID: donutduck
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hi guys,

I'm not sure how true this is but apparently this place has been shut down:

Massage parlour closes after police visit - inMyCommunity - Perth, Western Australia

If you can't see the URL here's the text from the community papers:

Police visited this spa after a complaint about prostitution.

A MASSAGE parlour in Cloverdale has closed after a visit from police investigating a complaint about prostitution allegedly occurring on the premises.

Acting Belmont Senior Sergeant Nathan Trenberth said no arrests were made when police entered the Nature’s Earth Massage and Day Spa at Belmont Village on March 1 after receiving a complaint from the public.

“One woman ran out the back when we entered and she hasn’t been seen since,” he said.

He said the business closed after the police visit and has been closed since.

“Sexual servitude is what we’re really interested in; a lot of the links are from overseas,” he said.

He said the police were using intelligence gathered from websites connecting people to sex services to find illegal brothels, but police could only act on complaints made by the public.

City of Belmont chief executive Stuart Cole said the City received one anonymous complaint about the business about two weeks ago and had not yet taken action.

Nature’s Earth Massage and Day Spa has an Australian Business Number registered to a Shelley address and trades under the entity Oriental Rain Forest Pty Ltd.


Can anyone confirm this as I've never been back there since. By the way.. this sux as I was planning for a 2nd visit!!! not happy..


Floor: #6
Post Time: 29th May 2011, 07:12 PM
Poster ID: ba thang
Post Title: 
 Apple at Belmont Day Spa
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Apple

Establishment: Belmont Day Spa

Date of Visit: March 2011

Contact Details/Address: Wright St Belmont Village, Next to Mitre 10

Hours of Business: 10am ~ 9pm

Prices: $70/hr

Age: 25-30

Size/shape: Petite, B cup

Nationality or Ethnicity: Hong Kong

Massage
Touching her boobs
Hand Job
Body Slide (did not opt for this)
Nude massage

Value for money/recommend?: Yes,

My experience/comments: Upon entry was greeted by a small cute Asian girl called Apple, who ushered me into a small room that looked quite nice and clean, was told to get undressed before she left the room.  I wasn't sure if I should  go fully nude or leave the ol' underwear on I decided to go nude. The Apple returned and started a massage, After 15 minutes of enjoying the massage I noticed on one of her strokes she rubbed her  hand up along my inner thigh and brushed my manhood and my thoughts  suddenly changed from a decent massage to the thoughts of extras! 

After she finished on my back she went down to my legs and within a few  minutes I knew extras were on the cards as she was paying so much  attention to my inner thighs and my crack and even folded my legs up and  started lightly stroking my nuts It felt fantastic and she kept it up  for a longtime before asking me to turn over and unlike alot of  massages where the girl see's you'are excited and immedietly pops the  extras question this girl never mentioned it and just stroked around the  area and lightly brushed against my groin. She finally smiled and  whispered "extras?" and I was so worked up by now that I very nearly  gave myself whiplash by nodding so much. This girl gave one of the best  handjobs I've ever had and I blew in epic fashion and she smiled and  went and got me a hot towel.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 12th July 2011, 04:25 AM
Poster ID: MOQ
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Saw a Taiwanese girl. Forgot to ask for the name, but age around early to mid 20s.
Massage was OK. Went for 60 mins. Around 20 mins to go, I was asked to turn over.
Options were $30 for HJ and $60 for HJ fully node. Went for the second option.
I was allowed to touch her big boobs. HJ was OK. Nothing too special.


Floor: #8
Post Time: 1st November 2011, 08:25 PM
Poster ID: changwuchee66
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hi,

Can someone tell me if this massage place is still doing "EXTRAS"? When I called them asked about extras, they said they only do massage and nothing else.

Thx


Floor: #9
Post Time: 21st November 2011, 01:01 AM
Poster ID: mtcods
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by changwuchee66


Hi,

Can someone tell me if this massage place is still doing "EXTRAS"? When I called them asked about extras, they said they only do massage and nothing else.

Th
"""



They won't tell you over the phone but yes.


Floor: #10
Post Time: 21st November 2011, 04:02 PM
Poster ID: osharka
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by mtcods


They won't tell you over the phone but yes
"""



That's right.

Based on the commentary here I thought it was all over too, but I went in the other day to get my back fixed.  Unexpectedly ended up getting my front fixed too...

Don't know who I saw, but she had a lovely sensual touch - though once the extra work was agreed she went straight into hammer-and-tongs mode.  Would have been nice to have a slower transition.


Floor: #11
Post Time: 7th December 2011, 12:55 AM
Poster ID: littleboyblu
Post Title: 
 Wax 'n' Massage
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Linda

Establishment : Natures Earth/Belmont

Date of Visit : 28 November 2011

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 

Hours of Business :  10:00 - 21:00

Rates : $50 Pube Wax & $65 1hr Massage

Age : Mid 30's

Size/shape : Slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Wax & Massage

Value for money/recommend? : OK, not great

My experience/comments : My first post everyone. Visited Linda following a friends recommendation. Went for a papering session, wax & massage. 

Bad waxing experience, Linda was not sure of what to do and I got badly burnt and took 5 days to heal, little fella was sooo sore. No options offered and had to get changed to go to another room for the massage.

Massage was good but finishing was slow, started to come and after a few strokes just walked away. She realised I was not finished but surely knows us guys by now. 

Asked for $30 for a happy 'clothed' ending but did allow my fingers to go for a wander. Offered topless @ $50 but she was not really a looker, only 5/10.

Would go back as the place is clean and hygienic but will ask for somebody else.


Floor: #12
Post Time: 11th January 2012, 11:52 PM
Poster ID: madboy69
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sofia

Establishment : Natures Earth/Belmont

Date of Visit : 06/01/12

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 

Hours of Business : 10:00 - 21:00

Rates : $50/45mins

Age : Late 20's

Size/shape : Slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : RnT

Value for money/recommend? : Maybe

My experience/comments : Went on a Friday evening, no waiting needed. An older lady came, asked for length of massage. Choose for 45min at $50. Showed me to room and left. Room was clean and pretty sizable with locks on doors. Fiona came in and off we went. She didn't ask for level of strength for massage but was quite strong. Halfway through she asked 'Extras?'. $30 for HJ and extra $20 with top off. Wanted to know if more was offered but her lack of english meant message did not get through. Anyhow, settled on HJ + top off. HJ was good with some playing of nipples, on both sides, she was definitely an A-cup. No rushing and she dragged it out as long as possible.

That done, there was still time to do a head and front massage, unfortunately, with her top on. Didn't get the impression she was a clock watcher and was surprised to see it go over by a bit before she calls time on it. She mentioned that she only worked on weekeds; Fri, Sat and Sun. And that there are 4 girls working there.

 Location wise, plenty of parking and place looks inviting & classy from the front. Would consider coming back again.


Floor: #13
Post Time: 10th February 2012, 03:03 PM
Poster ID: regular
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Anyone know what is happening with this place? Still going?


Floor: #14
Post Time: 16th February 2012, 11:59 AM
Poster ID: Liluser
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
yeah it's still there, havn't been there for a while but been past a few times and its still open, i never see the hottie smoking outside the front door anymore, maybe she was the one who did the runner, can anyone give an update on the girls now.


Floor: #15
Post Time: 25th April 2013, 12:57 AM
Poster ID: phil.davis
Post Title: 
 Natural Earth Massage & Day Spa
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Yoko

Establishment : Natural Earth Massage & Day Spa

Date of Visit : 06/02/2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: Sh 6, 224 Belmont Ave, Belmont WA (right near the Belmont shopping centre)

Hours of Business : 10:00 am till 9:00 PM

Rates : $35 for 30 minutes massage + extras

Age : Probably around mid 20s

Size/shape : Slim, attractive, I'm guessing around a size 6?

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai (I think)

Services Provided : Massage with HR and bodyslide

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments :

This is one of my regular punts, but the girls change frequently, and it can be a bit hit and miss. Having said that of the dozen or so times I've been there I've only been disapointed once. On this occasion I go on in, and I'm greeted by Yoko, she shows me to a room and I pay my $35 for my half an hour, and it is off with the gear and on to the massage table.

Yoko returns, and asks what sort of massage I would like (always a good sign) and I respond soft and she gently begins to massage my back and shoulders. As she moves around to stand in front of the table, she positions herself so that her crotch is inches away from my nose and bends down over me to reach my lower back. I take the opportunity to reach under her skirt and grab her ass, and she doesn't try to stop me (another good sign). Bit more massaging and caressing, and then she is up on the table sitting on my legs, massaging my butt and a bit of 'accidental' ball play - very sexy and I'm starting to get hard. Then she asks me to turn over. 'Would you like extras' she asks, so I ask whats on offer, HR for $20, topless for $50, nude and bodyslide for $80. I opt for the $80 option. 

She takes off her gear, and begins the extras. Lots of touching and a very sexy forward bodyslide where she rubs her perky tits over my cock, before moving up my body, and then I can feel her shaved pussy brushing against my cock, all the time she is smiling at me, she seems to be enjoying the tease, and doesn't mind my roaming hands. By now I'm really hard, and its on to the HR part of the massage, she's standing up now at the side of the table, legs apart so that I can access that lovely shaved pussy. She looks at me and asks if I would like a BJ for an extra $20, I'm tempted but say no, and instead I ask her if I could go down on her. She smiles her cheeky smile, and says 'maybe next time' and continues with the HR until I explode. She puts her gear back on goes get a hot towel and cleans me up.

I went back about three weeks later, looking forward to my 'maybe next time' adventure, but Yoko wasn't available, so I chose a Chinese girl called Chi (but that is another review). As I said at the start, girls at this place come and go on a regular basis, and on a subsequent visit I was informed that Yoko had gone back to Thailand for a while. I'm definitely looking forward to her return to Australia.


Thread Title: Natural Earth Massage & Day Spa - Sh 6, 224 Belmont Ave, Belmont - 0423 467 850
Floor: #16
Post Time: 7th May 2013, 08:30 AM
Poster ID: boi438
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
A word of warning to you guys...this place is basically a brothel masquerading as a therapeutic massage service. If what you're after is a good quality therapeutic massage then you should look elsewhere, as the women here are not properly trained massage therapists. They are basically hookers who just use the massage as a way to get you worked up, before they really try to make money out of you with extras. I've been here 3 times, and on all 3 occasions the women were quite sexually aggressive and pushy with the extras...they don't take no for an answer. 

I went here last week and paid for a half hour massage. The massage was very sexualised right from the word go, and towards the end I was offered a bodyslide massage with sucking for an additional $100, which I declined. She then offered hand relief only for $50, which I accepted. While she was giving me the handjob, she again tried to talk me into the bodyslide but I didn't agree to it, so she offered sex for $100. 

I suppose this place is good if you're more interested in extras than the actual massage, although if that's the case then you're probably better off going to an actual brothel where you can get full service for $120. Because some of the women at this place will try to take you for $200. Don't come here unless you're prepared to be assertive - as I said, these women are very pushy and money hungry, and don't know how to take no for an answer.


