Thread Title: Oriental Massage - Greenwood - 08 9243 5958
Floor: #1
Post Time: 17th April 2013, 07:25 PM
Poster ID: brudr12
Post Title: 
 Oriental Massage - Greenwood - 08 9243 5958
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Amy

Establishment : Oriental Massage Greenwood

Date of Visit : 17/4/13

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 9243 5958

Hours of Business : 9am till 9pm

Rates : 1hr $55 $30HJ

Age : 20s

Size/shape : Tall, nicely proportioned, pretty lady.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian

Services Provided : RnT

Value for money/recommend? : Yes indeed.

My experience/comments : Had seen this place when driving past and finally decided to go there today as my back was sore and I was in need of a massage. Rang the number and booked with someone whose English skills weren't too great but we arrived at a mutually agreed conclusion. 
When I arrived I was greeted by a very nice looking lady who showed me to the massage room. It appears that this building was previoulsy a doctors surgery so the consulting rooms were properly constructed with full height walls and doors. After a little while the same pretty lady whose name I found out was Amy reappeared and started the massage.
Amy is a very skilled masseur who I would go to even for just a massage. She fixed my back and when I turned over she asked if I wanted my front fixed as well. 
After some negotiation we agreed on $30 and Amy proceeded to do a splendid job. Much smiling and a very happy time was had by all. Amy cleaned up very thoroughly then finished the massage doing my feet, hands and head. 
I very highly recommend her to all!!


Floor: #2
Post Time: 16th September 2013, 02:52 AM
Poster ID: Calais V8
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name :  Angela?

Establishment : Oriental Massage - Greenwood

Date of Visit : 8/9/13

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :  9243 5958 - Same area/carpark as the Greenwood Hotel & Bottleshop

Hours of Business : 9am-9pm

Rates : $65 massage + $50 Handjob

Age : mid twenties

Size/shape : Short, average build

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian

Services Provided : Massage & Hand Relief

Value for money/recommend? : Good priced massage and she actually knows how to massage! Hand relief was good but $50 was far to much in my opinion. ($80 to $100 would get you full service for 30mins elsewhere) Would recommend if you are after the typical rub n tug experience with the focus on the massage rather than the extras.

My experience/comments : 

I read the above review of this place one night and sounded like a good spot. I'm normally into the full service than Rnt joints, but tonight I wasn't really feeling up to much more than a good massage. I called up the parlor and made a booking for 8pm, lady on the phone wasn't very practiced in English, so I was a bit worried about the masseuse being the same. I arrived and found the shop easy enough, LED open sign in the window, door in plain view of the entrance of the popular bar/hotel :\

I was greeted by the same lady from the phone call and paid my $65 for the hour (more than the review above although that was a year old). I was then told both the ladies were with someone and to wait. This meant sitting right by the door, so not great for privacy but they have full curtains. Once the previous client left I was met by a young Asian girl who invited me into a room with a proper massage table and dim lighting. I was instructed to undress while she waited outside. She was a pretty girl and was full of energy and excitement we got talking and I got on the table. She asked if I wanted hard medium or soft, I opted for medium.

She was very proper throughout the massage and got talking about how I heard about the shop, I was careful not to mention anything and played dumb  the massage went on well for 45mins and then she rolled me over to massage my chest. At that point she put a warm towel over my head and massaged me, brushing once or twice past my semi hard cock. She lifted the towel and shyishly asked if I wanted my front massaged, I said yes and she told me it would be $50. I too quickly said "I know" at which point she laughed and said SO you have researched us then, and I told her I read a review for Amy. She told me Amy has not worked there for a few months and she hoped she would be better than Amy 

She lubed me up and gave me a great handjob stopping when i got close and then starting again. She joked and said I hope I earned a good review, I can be the new Amy.

We then joked around and chatted as she cleaned the oil off me and washed her hands. She seemed much more open knowing I was aware of the service offered here, and I get the feeling she would offer more, the way she playfully suggested I come back for more.

All in all I left a happy man! I plan on going back but I would probably ask for a naked HJ next time or barter the price. I find it hard to pay so much for a tug when I normally go for much more. Anyone looking for a massage with a happy ending,  think you will be happy here.

Thanks for reading.

Calais V8


Floor: #3
Post Time: 16th September 2013, 06:23 AM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by Calais V8


Person's Name :  Angela?
.
.
All in all I left a happy man! I plan on going back but I would probably ask for a naked HJ next time or barter the price. I find it hard to pay so much for a tug when I normally go for much more. Anyone looking for a massage with a happy ending,  think you will be happy here...
"""



Good, informative and entertaining review Calais V8.

Look at your investment as R&D on an ongoing relationship.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 29th May 2015, 11:20 PM
Poster ID: baldie
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Ally

Establishment : Greenwood Oriental Massage

Date of Visit : 29th May 2015

Address :  Cnr Coolibah Drive and Warwick Road. Around the back of the physio and optometrist's building, opposite the back of the pub/tavern, behind the hedge.

Phone : 9243 5958

Hours of Business : 10am till late

Rates : ½hr including HJ $90 all up (Could be cheaper, $50 was for the HJ) However, compared to a lapdance at a Perth strip club, this is a bargain.

Age : 22-26yo

Size/shape/looks : size 5/6, b/c cup, medium build, nice shaped figure, elegant & pretty Asian face. She is a good-looking girl, and very gentle/sweet-natured. Nice smile too. 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Mandarin Chinese 

Services Provided : massage and hand-relief

Value for money/recommend? : If after extras, not necessarily. If after friendly service, great massage and pretty good HJ, then yes.  

My experience/comments : I have heard that this place is more about the massage than than the extras compared to other places, but I was close by and had limited time, so I popped in here. The massage was good from the get go, and I was receiving a good firm massage; however, I prefer it soft, so I told her not to worry about going too hard. So, she used a sweeping technique using her hands and forearms in such a way that it made it feel like she had two pairs of hands. Felt very nice indeed.

Not too much by way of a pre-flip tease, but the offer of a HJ was still accepted. How could I not tip after all? 

Because I wasn't really revved up through a lack of tease, she took a nice long time, with soft, caressing, meandering hands towards the finish line at a slow, slow pace. The relief was pretty good, though it would have been better with more tease. Important to not, there was no rush and my massage finished at 30 mins to the second. Hot towels to diligently remove the oils, and I felt quite good walking out of there, not regretting the money spent.

Would I go back? Maybe not, but I can recommend this girl to anyone who wants a really decent massage with a "good enough" happy ending. She's very sweet and, so I've heard, a little cheeky once you get to know her.


