Thread Title: Perfect Touch Massage - Unit 2, 27 Augusta St, Willetton - 08 9354 7790
Floor: #1
Post Time: 29th March 2013, 01:48 PM
Poster ID: jtimmerson
Post Title: 
 Perfect Touch Massage - Unit 2, 27 Augusta St, Willetton - 08 9354 7790
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jasmyn

Establishment : Perfect Touch Massage

Date of Visit : March 2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Perfect Touch | Massage Studio, Willeton, Perth

Hours of Business : On Website

Rates : 130/half hour 190/Hour Massage Only

Age : Mid 40's

Size/shape : Sexy Size 8 C cup

Nationality or Ethnicity : British Caucasion

Services Provided : Tantric Massage and HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Good Value 9/10 overall

My experience/comments : Visited this place for the second time. The rooms are very private and all have their own shower in the corner. The idea is that you have a shower lay on the table and wait for the masseuse. 

This time i saw Jasmyn, a mature english lady with a nice body. She has blonde hair and was wearing nice lingerie. After i lay down on the table she removed her lingerie to expose her beautiful body. Has soft skin and the body of a 25 year old.

Went for the hour. She does an awesome swedish massage and is a fully qualified masseuse. The Hj was a 10/10 with lots of different techniques, it is a proper tantra massage and gets really intense at times. She has obvioulsy had a lot of experience and knows exactly what she is doing. After the handjob she gave me a shoulder and head massage for another 15 minutes. I think i had the best sleep of my life that night.

I dont think they offer full service or any other extras at this place, but then again i have never asked and it has never been offered to me. The money is paid to the person at the counter and there is no money exchanged in the rooms. They are really professional and offer a great service.

Will definately be visiting again.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 24th April 2013, 11:12 PM
Poster ID: phil.davis
Post Title: 
 Perfect Touch Massage
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Amanda

Establishment : Perfect Touch Massage

Date of Visit : 01/03/2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: Perfect Touch | Massage Studio

Hours of Business : 10:00 am till 11:00 PM

Rates : $130 for 30 minutes

Age : Probably around late 30s

Size/shape : I guess you would call her a BBW

Nationality or Ethnicity : South African

Services Provided : Massage with HR

Value for money/recommend? : Surprisingly Yes!

My experience/comments :

I came accross this place by looking for massages on the web. They promote themselves as providing a unique sensual experience, so being a bit of an RNT fan thought I would give it a try. I didn't make a booking, and when I got there all the girls where busy, and I was told to come back in about 15 mins, so I went and grabbed a coffee and came back as suggested, and was introduced to Amanda.

Now, Amanda would probably describe herself as a BBW, and frankly not what I was hoping for (I would have preferred younger and slimmer), but she was the only girl available and it was getting late in the day, so I thought what the hell, and went with Amanda into one of the rooms. Then it was a quick shower for me, and face down on to the table.

Amanda came in, stripped off and dimmed the lights, asking me to close my eyes, and then began with what she described as a tantric massage, which involved lots of teasing with silk scarves, feathers and whatever else she had in her box of tricks, and yes it was actually quite sensual. Then the turn over, and the fun began. Amanda has a real fun personality, and really seemed to get into it with a bit of dirty talk, mutual kissing and even some gentle biting, and quite happy for my fingers to roam pretty much anywhere. I ended up shooting my load all over her ample breasts. All in all a very sensual experience.

It sounds a bit pricey for $130 for half an hour, but I have spent more than that at some AMPs for what is a fairly routine experience.

Would I go back, yes, although I would like to try another girl next time. Having said that, I wouldn't say no to Amanda either.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 3rd July 2013, 11:38 PM
Poster ID: kcper
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Ruby

Establishment : Perfect Touch Massage

Date of Visit : 01July2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: Perfect Touch | Massage Studio

Hours of Business : 10:00 am till 11:00 PM

Rates : $130 for 30 minutes

Age : Probably around late 20s

Size/shape : average, size 10? large-ish ass

Nationality or Ethnicity : Caucasian

Services Provided : Massage with HR

Value for money/recommend? : not really a fan of RnT

My experience/comments :
Never had a RnT before, went in monday morning before i fly to NSW later that night. 2 girls went out for lunch and only Ruby was available, ok then.
After shower, lay face down on massage table. Ruby started teasing with feather and silk scarves, it felt a little bit ticklish but in a nice way. Then off to light massages with oil all over my back with some boobies slide here and there. Flipped over, saw that Ruby is fully naked and told me i could touch her from the waist up if i wanted, oh, and her ass as well. why would i say no lol. Then she continue with massages and boobies slide, slowly teasing little johnny here and there while giving me cheeky smile. HJ was ok, cupping and rubbing the balls lightly helped got me over line. After that she gave me shoulder and head massage until times up. overall, it went alright i guess, but i like massage with plenty of pressure. mayb the goal of erotic/sensual massage is to tease and slowly build up to intense HJ releases, not really my cup of tea.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 12th July 2013, 01:24 AM
Poster ID: gooner14
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
thinking trying this place..anyone you guys could recommend strongly?


Floor: #5
Post Time: 27th July 2013, 08:36 AM
Poster ID: Jessandnicky
Post Title: 
 Perfect Touch with Scarlett
				
Post Content: 
Person's name: Scarlett

Establisment: Perfect Touch

Date of Visit : 25/7/2013

Contact detail: 2/27 Augusta St, Willeton 6155

Hours of Business: 10am -10pm

Rate: $190/60 min

Age: 21

Nationality: NZ

Size: 8 b cup

Service provided: tantra massage

Value for money/recommended: YES YES

Never been to tantra massage before so I decided to try Perfect Touch. Very nice little building from the outside with plenty of parking spot.

Greeted by friendly mature lady. I asked who is the therapist for today? She mentioned several names with some descriptions of each one. Because I do not know which one a good one so I chose Scarlett, a kiwi girl. 

After I paid, I waited in a guest room. 5 minutes later Scarlett came in to the room and introduced herself. Black long hair, some tatoos on her body, slim and bright red lipstick. She looked sensual to me.

I had to have shower first before got massage then laid down on my stomach naked on the massage table. She came in and she took her clothes off. I was so excited to get massage by naked woman. She had a great body. She was very chatty and friendly. Not rushing. Very enjoyable. Her skin was so smooth. 

Even though she has been working not very long, she was so professional, a lot of teasing and a good technique. I just wanted her to keep massage for more. It was so good especially when she asked me to turn over. It was amazing experience with the technique the way she did to me with 'full attention and happy ending' at the end. 

Scarlett is highly recommended to anyone that never had tantra massage before.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 8th August 2013, 01:33 AM
Poster ID: wantingu
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hey Gooner14!

Well i went there 3 times and been longing to go there soon. Just abit tight on cash at the moment but none the less mate.... go for it... look on the website and check out the girls details and book them in advance. thats what i do!


Floor: #7
Post Time: 28th August 2013, 08:33 AM
Poster ID: Jessandnicky
Post Title: 
 Perfect Touch
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jacinta

Establishment : Tantra massage

Date of Visit : 27/8/2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0893547790 or Willeton or Home | Perfect Touch

Hours of Business : 10am - late

Rates : 60 min $190, 120 min $380

Age : early 20

Size/shape : 10, slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australia

Services Provided : sensual massage with happy ending

Value for money/recommend? : Definitely

My experience/comments : I came in and the receptionist welcomed me and asked me waited in waiting room. Kind of little bit nervous. Next minute Jacinta came in. She was so young, pretty, gorgeus looking. 
Then I followed her to the room and to had a shower first. For me just looking to her with her cloth still on made me arouse. I could not image when she got naked.

After I had a shower, I laid down on my stomach then next minute later she knocked on the door. She was undressed and started to massage me. She had a gorgeus body and nice firm boobs. I can't get enough to keep watching her. She started pouring oil all over my body at the same time I started to talk to her. She was very friendly, bubbly and very nurturing. At the same time, she rubbed her boobs on my back very often and teased a lot. Her skins was so smooth. 

After about 30 minutes, she asked me to turn over. She put pillow underneath my head. It was so much better view to see her body. We kept talking and laughing at the same time. She poured out some more oil on my body and her boobs kept rubbing my body. She likes kept me building up the intense before 'explode'.

The way she gave me 'happy ending' massage was so amazing with technique that I never thought of before. I really enjoyed, big smile on my face, unforgettable moment. Before I left, she offered me a drink.


Floor: #8
Post Time: 29th August 2013, 10:27 AM
Poster ID: DonkeyKong01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
190 dollars and no FS? Your out of your mind! I don't care how hot they are. If I'm paying that sort of money, I gotta put it in there. By the way. Is this review from a guy or a chic? Wierd user name for a guy.


Floor: #9
Post Time: 8th September 2013, 07:18 PM
Poster ID: LCA
Post Title: 
 August 2013 - Perfect Touch Massage - Daniella
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Daniella aka Danielle

Establishment : Perfect Touch Massage

Date of Visit : August 2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Home | Perfect Touch

Hours of Business : 10am till late

Rates : $190

Age : 25 - 30

Size/shape : size 8

Nationality or Ethnicity : Italian

Services Provided : Handjob (Unfinished Business)

Value for money/recommend? : You're better off going to Body Heat. I blew my money away with this punt really!

ORIGINAL REVIEW

My experience/comments :We have a winner! LCA's first bad review – Daniella from Perfect Touch! Well, I hope I am not going to sound ruthless. I'll try to be as fair as I can. 

This was my first visit to Perfect Touch. The address is Unit 2, 27 Augusta Street, Willetton. It's a 'strictly' massage shop, and the girls there provide a "hand relief" (hand job) at the end of the massage. One hour session requires $190 and this includes the "hand relief" fee. I read a few good reviews of Perfect Touch, on Punter Planet. So, I decided to pay a visit. I travelled almost 20 kilometres to get there, gave them a phone call before leaving home and booked Daniella for one hour.

I got there on time; I went in, told the receptionist that I had a booking. She asked me to have a seat in the waiting room, Daniella showed up and we went to a massage room after I've given the fee to the receptionist.
Daniella (a.k.a Danielle) is an Italian lady in her late 20's.  She is described on their website, as having the italian trademark of long black curly hair complemented by latte colored skin and the description is correct. She reminds me of Salma Hayek. The resemblance between Salma and Daniella is quite remarkable to me - square shaped face with a strong, angular jawline and thick eyebrows. I even thought she was Spanish, at first. I really like her looks, she is quite a cutie, I thought. Regrettably, her service is not up to par. Once in the room, I was asked to take a shower and to lie on the massage table.

The room

The room is quite small, there was a mirror, but the mirror was a few inches too high and I couldn't see Daniella through it. There wasn't a second hole in the massage table, for the little head down there. There was a corner square glass shower unit with sliding doors in the room.


The massage

Nothing good unfortunately! I was hoping for something better than Body Heat (BH), another massage shop that I reviewed, since they charge higher than Body Heat. More's the pity, this could be one of the most awful massage I ever had. She started by placing a very thin towel on my back. Then, I didn't quite follow what she had in mind. She was using the thin towel to tickle me all over. She gently moved the towel all around which seemed to be going on for ages. It was slow-motion, only with the towel and this took ten minutes from the booking time. I found it quite boring and thought this could have been very unpleasant for people who don't like tickling as foreplay. Then, she got a couple of massage stones and she was rubbing them softly on my back. I could barely feel anything. So, it was another waste of ten minutes. She remained quiet all the times.

She actually got naked only then, after the foreplay. Was it going to get any better now that she was naked? Nope! Next she got something else that looked and felt like feather hen and tickled again! I could barely hold this one – it was quite uncomfortable. So, there went another ten minutes, I guess. She then started to tickle my balls with this feather hen stuff she got. I stopped her and she was quite embarrassed. So, she started doing a firmer massage with her hands. Well, they weren't firm really, but it was better than the ticklish feather hen or whatever it's called!

I was then asked to turn around. So, I tried to make a conversation. She got quite talkative actually, but the problem is she completely stopped the massage and kept talking. She was telling me anything and everything, and to be honest and hopefully without sounding too cruel, this was ANOTHER waste of time. I mean "Really?",  she couldn't do the massage while talking? My replies to her were short, so as she didn't keep talking. I might add no front body slide, no back body slide….


Hand Relief

I was hoping this would have saved this booking. Daniella has quite nice breasts – C Cup breasts. But, what I really liked is she has big brown nipple circles and I really waited for this moment, to finally get a chance to play with them. Guess what? No touching! She laid next to me on the massage table, turning her back to me and bending over my belly. I didn't really have any access to her breasts, and what's worse is I couldn't even see them too when she was doing the hand relief. It wasn't a good hand job either. She abruptly stopped sometimes, did it full speed for a few seconds, then stopped for even longer! Barely a few minutes into the hand relief, she started giving warnings that time was almost up. I had a good erection at the beginning although I was tired, but I kind of lost my hardness after a while. She claimed to have done the hand relief for fifteen minutes, but I'm sure it was for less than six or seven minutes. So, she gave up and I didn't cum!
I was a little bit upset but I didn't show it. I just laughed. And then she said something in Italian, which I laughed at too. She was probably saying "I got a dumb ass here", I thought. And there it was… she took a very long shower and left me behind afterwards!
Daniella is a new girl at Perfect Touch (been there only two weeks) and I wish her all the bests with this level of service!
Final Verdict: Although she is cute and has the 'Salma Hayek' look, I'll rate this booking 2.5/10..

Website: Home | Perfect Touch


Service Provider's Name: DaniellaSession Month: AugustSession Year: 2013Type of Service: R'n'T MassageName of Agency or Parlour (if any): Perfect TouchPhotos Authenticity: No photos availableAdvertised Hourly Rate (Pick closest): $190Location where session took place: Western AustraliaIncall or Outcall (Leave blank in Victoria): Establishment's VenueSession Day: WeekdaySession Time: EveningEstimated Age: 25 - 30Estimated Ethnic Group: Caucasian / European OriginKnowledge of English: OkayHair Colour: BlackHair Length: LongEyes Colour: BlackSkin Colour: Latte ColoredHeight: Average - Around 160 cm / 5"4Body Shape: AthleticEstimated Body Size: 8 to 10Estimated Breast Size: C (Medium)Enhanced breasts?: NoFull Sex Available: NoKind of Experience: Clinical ExperienceKissing Available: NoBlowjob: NoDATY / Oral On Her: NoGreek or Anal Sex Available: NoHandjob Available: YesMassage Available: YesExtras Charged: NoOverall Looks: PrettyOverall Personality: Couldn't tellOverall Performance: Crap Service


