Thread Title: Relax Health Massage -Ascot, Perth - 0434 455 177
Floor: #1
Post Time: 8th February 2016, 01:47 AM
Poster ID: Waxeater
Post Title: 
 Relax Health Massage -Ascot, Perth - 0434 455 177
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Fiona

Establishment : 288 Great Eastern Highway, Ascot, Perth, WA

Date of Visit : 7 Feb 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0434455177

Hours of Business : No idea, but I was the last person out the door at 9pm on a Sunday nigh. 

Rates : $70/ 1hr Massage + extras. 

Age : late 20's

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian

Services Provided : CBJ, massage, FS

Value for money: Yes

My experience/comments : 
Having never spent any time in Perth and having only one night in a run down motel close to the airport, I came across an add for this place in cracker.
A bit of googling suggested this place was a legit massage place, and I could pay a bit extra for a rub and tug. 
Sounded perfect as it was after 8pm before I could get out of the hotel and I was tired and just after a quick massage with a happy ending. 
Luckily it was still open, and had a friendly greeting as I walked in by a slightly older lady. Well older than me anyway, who led me to a small massage room with a massage table and just enough room to squeeze around it. She took my $70 for an hour massage and told me to get undressed and lay on the table. 
A short while later Fiona walks in and greets me with a hug and lots of compliments. 
Some small chit chat, and them as I am face down on the massage table she climbs up and straddles my head, rubbing her thighs against my ears and giving me a fantastic back massage with lots of oil. 
She was a terrific tease, and I massage her thighs as she traced her fingers around my ass, tickled my balls, and occasionally reached under to tease my cock which was rock hard!
15 mins of this and she suggested I rolled over, which I was glad to do, as my cock was so hard it hurt. 
Fiona was very pleased to see my hard cock, and leaned in close and suggested that because I was so handsome she would like to offer me some extras. 
When I asked what those extras would be she said for $150 she would do "everything"!
Now I don't think her idea of everything was quite in line with mine, but I was horny enough to test this out, and so a quick exchange of cash and a bit of giggling and Fiona was undressed and placing her beautiful tits in my face. I got a good nipple suck and a grope, and she then oiled them up and proceeded to rub her tits across my chest before finally working her way down to put my cock between them for a good oily rub. 
This turned into a covered blowjob, which was excellent, very deep and wet, and then she climbed on and fucked me cowgirl, grinding herself into me and squeezing her cunt muscles milking my cock. 
Lots of slow grinding, and then deep fast fucking and then into reverse cowgirl where she started to lose a bit of control and fucked me harder. She said she was going to come, but so was I and I didn't want to cum just yet, so we swapped positions and I fucked her doggie for a while, with her cute ass in the air, and she was moaning for me not to stop. 
I wanted to see those tits one more time and really wanted to cum on them, but got the impression that might not be included in the everything, so it was just in to missionary, I tried a sneaky DATY but was denied so instead moved in for the missionary money shot looking into her dark eyes and long curly hair. 
Her pussy was wet and shaven smooth, and I thrust hard as I came and she was in no rush to get me out leaving me to savour the moment before we rolled away and cleaned up. 
I have no idea how long was left of the hour, but Fiona got dressed and left to clean up, and a short while later came back in with a hot towel and began cleaning up all the oil, and finished up the massage, with lots of fantastic back and leg rubbing, magnificent shoulder massage, and then a fantastic face and head rub. 
I was in bliss, she has great massage hands and a great attitude. 
It was expensive at $230, and not what I would usually pay, but the massage alone was worth it, and the extras were a lot of fun.

Not sure how many other girls are at this place, but I got the impression from Fiona that she has been therefor a while. 
I will definitely try to make it back next time I am in Perth.


