Thread Title: Strawberry Lane - 818 Beaufort St, Inglewood - 08 6270 7233
Floor: #1
Post Time: 28th October 2010, 02:05 PM
Poster ID: nverg
Post Title: 
 Strawberry Lane - 818 Beaufort St, Inglewood - 08 6270 7233
				
Post Content: 
Strawberry Lane (Bella)

Beaufort Street Inglewood

Prices: 180 hr for Massage and Hand relief

Age: 20

Size 8 & athletic

Nationality or Ethnicity: Australian

Services: massage & relief

Value for money/recommend?: 180hr and bloody well worth it!!!

My Experience was 1st class, Bella is a living doll and true model figure.  Great attitude and friendly girl that provides fantastic service.  Goes the extra mile without being asked and generally classy. Strawberry Lane is perfect shop for seeing Bella as its clean and classy decour only makes the experience better.

Will I return; I'll be her best regular!


Floor: #2
Post Time: 13th December 2010, 02:27 AM
Poster ID: diddy
Post Title: 
 Strawberry Lane - xx/11/2010
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name:Belle

Establishment (if applicable): Strawberry lane

Contact Details/Address: 818 Beauford St, Inglewood

Hours of Business: (if known or applicable)

Prices: $140

Age: maybe 23 - 24

Size/shape: Slim

Nationality or Ethnicity: New Zelander

Services: Massage / HJ

Value for money/recommend?: Maybe a bit pricey, but definitely recommend

So having heard a lot about the new R'n'T place in town I decided to give it a go. I wasn't too happy about the fact that the establishment was bang off the main road , but oh well.

Was greeted by Chivon at the entrace who let me into a well furnished room. Seemed a bit more upmarked compared to some other places I've been to. Was told that there were two girls available, but I could wait approx 20 mins, and 2 more girls would be free. I took the wait option, and I'm glad I did.

Paid for a 45 min session with Belle. She's a slim and friendly NZ girl, who seemed quite enthusiastic. Was led to a room with a massage table, and I popped in the shower. She came in 5 mins later, asked me to lay on my back and brought out the hot oil. I was a bit disspointed that there was only one mirror on the wall where I could get a glipse of Belle's body, but her friendly banter made up for it. It was easy to get into a nice cheerful conversation with her while her hands made the magic. I was a bit disspointed that there wasn't enough ball play (who doens't love that!), but soon enough it was time to turn over.

Now things got exciting. She got some oil on my shaft and popped up on the table with her ass to my face. I got a full clear view of that beautiful little pussy, but she made it very clear that she didnt want me to get too close. I did ask if she did any extra's but she came back with a no. She was a tremedous tease however, and looking at that pussy staring in my face meant that I couldn't hold out much longer.

It was a brilliant session, and I really wish she did offer a few extra's, but either way, I left there with a smile.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 13th December 2010, 08:33 AM
Poster ID: Flyboy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Very good first review, diddy! Welcome to AXR!


Floor: #4
Post Time: 19th March 2011, 02:58 PM
Poster ID: jackjack
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Website still alive so decided to visit on a trip to the West recently.  Sign on the gate said "Strawberry Lane Evicted".


