Thread Title: Therapeutic Body Center - Myaree - 08 9330 2856
Floor: #1
Post Time: 10th January 2015, 12:26 AM
Poster ID: baldie
Post Title: 
 Therapeutic Body Center - Myaree - 08 9330 2856
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Michelle

Establishment : Therapeutic Body Center (TBC)

Date of Visit : 9th January 2015

Address : Cnr McCoy St and Hulme Court, Myaree

Phone : 08 93302856 

Hours of Business : 10am till late

Rates : 40 min $55; extras $100 ($155 all up) Bit too pricey maybe? 

Age : 28-34yo

Size/shape : size 6 36C cup, medium build, nice bit of meat on her, including a soft belly. Very purdy mouth and lovely tits with great nipples!

Nationality or Ethnicity : Hong Kong 

Services Provided : massage, Spanish, slide, HJ, BJ.

Value for money/recommend? : Okay if you're in the area. I think she would be even better on a return trip. I wouldn't necessarily drive all the way there specifically for her, but if I went there again without a booking and she was working, I would definitely take her for my massage. There are other girls at TBC who are on my bucket list however, and after this experience, I wonder just how good some of the others, who get rave reviews, might be; because this was quite enjoyable after all. 

My experience/comments :

Though the massage was standard, she also attempted small talk and was very friendly. I was very relaxed with her.

Teased only a little during massage,and asked about extras a bit early. However once it was agreed to,she took the time to give me a very arousing, teasing massage. By the time the turnover came around, I had been aroused, and kept there,for a very long time.

Slide was okay, as was the Spanish, but the HJ was very good. She would jerk for a while, then change to playing and fiddling with the head and shaft, then stroke, then balls, then jerk and so on. This was extremely enjoyable and she always seemed to know when to stop jerking and prevent ejaculation. The HJ took a very long chunk of my time there, so I was very happy with that. I understand why she was quick to get into the extras early, her manual arousal/stimulation/relief skills are fantastic. She also lay alongside me so I was able to hold her close while she did it.

When done, I thought it was time to go, but she set me down again and gave me another short massage and caress until time was up.

If I'm down that way, I'd definitely pop in again.
						



 Attached Images


Floor: #2
Post Time: 10th January 2015, 06:44 AM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thank you for your review baldie.

Good review.

The Locanto ad, http://perth.locanto.com.au/ID_30348...er-Myaree.html





			
				Therapeutic Body Center Myaree. - 21

Therapeutic Body Center of Perth has earned the title of being the best and most prestigious sensual massage centre for the features for its venue as well as the beauty and services of the masseuses. We pride ourselves on the amazing place we hold our space in. You will know from the moment you walk into the serenity that has been created for you that will hit all 5 of your senses as you are greeted by a friendly receptionist or a stunning masseuse.

Standards for our girls are of the highest in this city when it comes to beauty, massage skills, as well as sensual services. No costs are spared hiring and training. TBC also maintains a friendly relationships with its customers and we care about the feedback. We have an entire team that works on customer satisfaction inside and outside of the room.

Featured in the pictures are just 4 of the many beautiful ladies you will meet at TBC.

Lola
Contemplation Lola. 23 years old, size 6, 34 C. Our Italian/ Australian princess that is famous for her therapeutic and sensual services. She has many raving fans and has become quite an icon in this industry.

Anna
23 year old from China. Size 8, 36B. Offers an exceptionally friendly service. And exceptionally beautiful. Her baby smooth skin and amazingly silky hair is beyond belief.

Angel​
23 year old, size 6, 36C hottie from Hong Kong, the one you'd walk past on the street and look twice… Now you can come to TBC to feel her touch and more.

Shirley​
21 years old,student,from Hong Kong size 6 34B. Come in and meet get up close and personal with a hottie that you in North Bridge.​

The massage therapists of the Therapeutic Body Centre are girls of all ages and different cultural backgrounds to accommodate for all. Including girls from Hong Kong, Taiwan and Aussie Italian.
The Therapeutic Body centre is open 7 days a week from 10am to 9pm.
Look for the big green sign.

Look out for our big green signage on:

The Therapeutic Body Centre
4/45 McCoy street
Myaree
9330 2856


Floor: #3
Post Time: 8th June 2016, 06:39 PM
Poster ID: baldie
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Queena

Establishment : Therapeutic Body Center (TBC)

Date of Visit : May 2016

Address : 4/45 McCoy Street Myaree; cnr McCoy St and Hulme Court

Phone : 08 93302856 / 0452 296 925

Hours of Business : 10am till late

Rates : 40 min $55; extras $100 ($155 all up) 

Age : 23-29yo

Size/shape : About a size 12. Big boobs, the pics make her look petite, but she's actually leggy, tallish and solidly built. Quite pretty too.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Taiwan

Services Provided : massage, Spanish, HJ, BJ.

Queena has always been on my "to-do list" for quite a long time now.

Was greeted by a girl who looks exactly like what she does in her photos. A nice body on a slender, though solidly built figure, with big triangular missile boobs. Queena is a pretty girl, very sweet and attentive, she likes to smile and giggle, and she always checks to see if you're comfortable and enjoying yourself.

She gave a very nice massage, taking care not to put too much pressure on my overly sensitive neck. Wasn't much tease to start with, OR SO I THOUGHT!

Here's the thing, when it's time for tease, the hands slip through the crack-of-dawn and straight to the tackle. I was quite worn out physically with the sustained period of tease, the arching was going to require another back massage! Anyway, the offer was made and the spanish+BJ option was taken. What happened next struck me as a little odd though. Instead of heading towards the finish-line, she finished up the massage, left the room, came back with the hot towels and cleaned up the oils. I thought to myself, "how am I going to extras when my interest had worn off?"

She had an answer to that, by telling me to turn over on my stomach once again. From there, it was straight up tease, revving me up a second time, until it was turnover time again. Very nice spanish, very nice hands. Lying partly on the table to table to get a good body-to-body feel of her luscious frame, a very nice BJ was given, pausing on the vinegar stroke, waiting, then starting again to prolong the experience; timing the finish right up to when the time on the clock ran out! What an awesome girl! That was much appreciated!

Overall, if I'm in the area, I'll definitely pop in to see her again.


