Thread Title: Vannessa - East Perth Vietnamese massage - 0415 687 458
Floor: #1
Post Time: 31st December 2016, 09:03 PM
Poster ID: Jersybull
Post Title: 
 Vannessa - East Perth Vietnamese massage - 0415 687 458
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Vanessa

Establishment : Massage shop Hay Street East Perth

Date of Visit : 28 December 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 249 Hay street East Perth 0415687458

Hours of Business : 9am to 10pm

Rates : $70 half hour massage and HJ

Age : 40+

Size/shape : Petite, good body small tits

Nationality or Ethnicity : Vietnamese

Services Provided : Massage and HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Good value for money

My experience/comments : I have been in Perth for the past week with my wife visiting one of her friends.
On 27/12/16, my wife and her friend went to Burswood casino leaving me in our hotel with time to kill, which I used wisely visiting a PWL in East Perth. As I was walking back to my hotel from that punt I walked passed several legit looking massage places. One had a nice looking lady at the counter near the entrance, I ducked in and enquired about massage prices and opening times, as I would have spare time on my hands again the next day and would possibly be able to duck in for half an hour.
I went back on the 28th and the lady I spoke to, Vanessa was on and we agreed on half hour massage with 'happy ending' no nude but that was ok.
The actual massage  was fantastic, nearly extended to an hour, but on the flip Vanessa oils up the old fella but as it was cold start it needed a lot of coaxing to get erected. I slipped one hand into her panties and started rubbing the outside of her vag. she was ok with this as she could see it was getting me aroused very quickly. I got the other hand up under bra and started playing with her small titties.
The HJ was the old jackhammer style which I dont like but eventually did the job.
She cleaned me up then used the hot towels to get the oil off my back. Overall a very good massage with an ok HJ with lots of playing with her.
There was no number displayed anywhere and as I wanted to ring in case I was free to come again asked Vanessa.
She wrote a mobile number on a piece of paper and gave it to me.


