Thread Title: 228 Cambridge St, Wembley - No Contact Number
Floor: #1
Post Time: 31st December 2012, 08:22 PM
Poster ID: tomcassidy
Post Title: 
 228 Cambridge St, Wembley - No Contact Number
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jennifer

Establishment : 228 Cambridge St, Wembley, WA

Date of Visit : 06/11/12

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 228 Cambridge St, Wembley, WA (I'm really sorry – I just can't remember the name! And the phone number is plastered across the store front, but google streetview is a little out of date.  It's next door to the Halloween costume shop.)

Hours of Business : 7 days

Rates : $80 for 60min (room only)

Age : 32

Size/shape : Tall (+/- 170cm) and thin (+/- 60kg), with sagging b-cups

Nationality or Ethnicity : China

Services Provided : Full service for $80

Value for money/recommend? : Yes! Considering Perth charges $50 for a HJ!

My experience/comments : This was my first time.  I've driven past it many times, after going to the Blockbusters just a few doors down. I walked in without a booking. The lady at the front desk is a real mean looking SOB. She's quite young, chubby and grumpy. Don't let her put you off – she just collects the money, she won't be touch you.
There are about 3-4 rooms, proper rooms with doors, not curtains. After Grumpy directs you to a room, you'll be visited by another lady, a more attractive one. I got Jennifer. She walks in wearing nothing by lingerie, and a very good sight.  With a bra on, you get the impression she's got a decent rack. There's the usual, tummy fat, but not off putting. She seems straight off the boat, with very little english. After signing $80 for full service, we were away and at it.
She really seems into it. She seductively pulls out a condom, and rolls it on me with her mouth.  This is doesn't actually turn me on that much – I'm a bit antsy that way, I'd rather not catch anything. She's very active, very noisy.  She'll move around whichever way you want.  We started out cowgirl, then moved onto doggie. Only downside, it was done on a massage table – very worried it was going to fall apart.
I only managed to last 30 min – I'm not even going to lie to you guys, and pretend that she came.  So after that, there was a little bit of a back rub.  But by 45min, I was bored and ready to leave. After paying her $80, I got dressed to go. She's a nice girl through, she'll watch you get dressed with a big smile on her face.
Walking out, I had a quick chat with Grumpy.  She'll says that there are normally 3 girls working, and she only runs the shop. But because I'm a dick and I don't really like her attitude, I lean over for a peck on the cheeks and follow it up with a boob grab.
She was not pleased about it at all.  A little bit of shouting in chinese and I'm off for a quick exit.   
I think I'll need to wait a couple of months before I dare to return.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 7th January 2013, 07:02 PM
Poster ID: Xenostrike
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hi,I don't get it.did u just pay $80 for everything or just the room and there is some other extra charges??


Floor: #3
Post Time: 7th January 2013, 08:04 PM
Poster ID: Dr Strangelove
Post Title: 
 228 Cambridge St, Wembley - No Contact Number
				
Post Content: 
I read it as being $80 for the room and a further $80 for said services making $160 all up. 

But then again the poster thinks it's ok to cop a feel from reception, so who knows what he's thinking....


