Thread Title: 387 Canning Hwy, Como - 0450 544 433
Floor: #1
Post Time: 14th March 2011, 12:28 PM
Poster ID: tinytim
Post Title: 
 387 Canning Hwy, Como - 0450 544 433
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Was meant to see Miko, she wasn't there when I arrived, girls name was something like Lucy

Establishment: 387 Leach Hwy Como, next to the Gull servo.

Date of Visit: 03/03/11

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: The ad I used to contact is gone, but this girl is at the same house (they have a few girls there) link

Hours of Business: Not sure, I was there at 3pm was quiet.

Rates:
30 min: 100
45 min: 150
60 min: 170

Age: Mid 20s

Size/shape: Size 8, average height, large fake breasts (one bigger than other).

Nationality or Ethnicity: Thai I believe

Services Provided: FS/CBJ/Massage. No real kissing, didnt try for DATY.

Value for money/recommend?: Yes was good.

My experience/comments:

Was a nice clean place, parking on property behind wall, I parked at the servo instead. Porn playing very loudly in our room, turned that off. Shower at opposite end of house bit annoying. She was a bit distant at the start but warmed up nicely. Didnt want to kiss much. Started off with nice CBJ, good action. Then she got into cowgirl, little bit mechanical. She said I was big for her, so was slow didnt want me to take control, so changed into missionary. Was good, little whimpers from her as I got going. Wrapped her legs around me. Went to doggie, again she said I was too big for her, so she wasn't comfortable. Back to missionary and finished there.

Overall a good escort, kissing would make a big difference.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 14th March 2011, 02:22 PM
Poster ID: andrewblake
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hello TT,

Welcome to AUXXXR.

Great review of an unknown establishment and choice of lovely asian babes..

Keep reviewing and posting!

Kind regards.

AB


Floor: #3
Post Time: 28th April 2011, 02:33 AM
Poster ID: gronks
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
The address is actually 387 Canning Hwy Como. Went there over 6 months ago once and the girl was pretty average. She claimed to be korean but didn't understand any common korean phrases I mentioned from memory which was a little off putting. Can't recall her name but she would be long gone now as that place certainly turns over the girls. There was a TV with porn playing in the background too. Judging from beautiful companion pics the girls are pretty average in the looks department. 

Now over a year ago there was another place on the other side of Canning Hwy, number 372 (Next to Tattoo Palour and shops) which had some absolute stunners working there. I will always remember a true authentic Japanese girl with a lovely set of breasts called Yumiko. An absolute true Japanese angel to say the least. I can honestly say she would of been the best in the business at the best price (110 hf hr) even her looks, body and service. She had a distinctive tattoo on the right side of her abdomen which you can just see in one of the attached pics taken from beautiful companions - yes the pics were 100% real. Its a tragedy that place stopped operating as I remember the house came on the rental market a few weeks after seeing Yumiko. Has anyone else bumped into a Yumiko as per the pics?

http://www.imagebam.com/image/67c402129793241
http://www.imagebam.com/image/b8f86a129793250


Floor: #4
Post Time: 31st July 2011, 06:38 PM
Poster ID: angrybert
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Gronks, wow the pic shows she is hot.. Do u hav her contact?


Floor: #5
Post Time: 5th August 2011, 11:44 PM
Poster ID: gronks
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
She's long gone mate, the place shut down a while ago and the number got disconnected. 387 Canning Hwy (2 doors up from the servo) which is literally across the road is runned by different operators as a few times I've rang and asked if there is a Yumiko there or whether there ever has been and to my dissapointment they informed me theres never been. She was one of the very few true Japanese girls with a lovely rack I've ever come across. What a pitty!


Floor: #6
Post Time: 4th October 2011, 02:36 AM
Poster ID: zilikon
Post Title: 
 387 Canning Hwy, Como - Paya, 0405 622 633
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Paya

Establishment : 387 Canning Hwy, Como

Date of Visit : xx/10/2011

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : South of River Perth : BCVP -REALLY 18YRS SWEET AND CUTE~ PAYA!!!!


Hours of Business :  7 days, same above hours?

Rates : 
$120 / 30 min
$150 / 45 min
$170 / 60 min

Age : 20

Size/shape : Small, 155cm tall. A cup tits.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Korean

Services Provided : full service, cbj, no kissing. 

Value for money/recommend? : passable, OK!

My experience/comments : 
Real pictures, i recognised the room. 
Parking available, near Gull petrol station. I parked near the school on the next street, it was on a weekend.

Messaged and arrived at the door. As I enter, saw another punter coming out..which was bad timing...anyway, some WL asked who I was looking for. I asked for Paya.

As I enter, saw this small and skinny chick. She was quite cute, skinny probably 7/10.
Asked me if I wanted to shower, I said, I showered already. Went for 1 hr which was $170.

First, started off with a massage, full body massage. It was ok, nothing fancy then later she asked me to massage her, cos the night before I think she got over worked. I was like alright. She move her body closer to me, rubbing her tits again my chest. I stroke her arms, from shoulder to fingers. As I was being massaged, can hear guys from the other room, some lady moaning hell loud. Not sure if this was a porn video going on or the actual person..
Before I lay onto the bed, she wraps tissue around my little guy so I lay on my stomach. First time? doing this kind of hygiene or something? Asked if kissing was allowed? She said  Was looking for GFE, kissing part but . 

Then she started off with a CBJ, which was average.  Then i asked if I can do DATY, she said it cost $50, i said alright, pay after session. As I went down, half shaved, smell awful, went down on her. Seems ok but try to stick with it but try my best to like it. After few mins, couldnt take it, so I said Im done..lol. As I was down there, i nearly faint like literally. Dont know why I kept going, maybe I have done a daty for a long time. I think I will put off doing a daty for a while since from this experience. Bad memory lol. It smell like rotten fish or something lol  Then we started off with some positions, she rode me, cowgirl. Went on top of for a few mins, then she ask its my turn to do some work. Gone missionary, doggy style, other styles. Blasted my load. Playing with her tits as well, not very buff but it was touchable, erect style, pointy. 

Then we sat there, she massages me again this time my arm, started some talk. She tried her best to chat, I was tired to chat so she asked me If i was tired..I replied yeah a bit. 
Asked her go for a round 2.
Did all those positions again. I lay her down, bang her from the back. Holding her small body so tight, thrust in and out, in and out. Then off to shower.
She has very nice smooth skin, cute. Overall, quite good punt other than the daty...and kinda gfe.
She said she just started, about a week?

Punt cost $170+$50. Value was good except for daty, which was a bit overkill i think for the price.

Note to self:
Next time: Ask everything before hand like wat services are available.
Too reckless, urge to blow my load. 
Should smell down there before I go in, my mistake. Fish alert! ahah.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 4th October 2011, 01:40 PM
Poster ID: ggg4m3
Post Title: 
 Tara - Perth - 0450 544 433
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name :   Tara (but sounded more like Tiara)

Establishment : 

Date of Visit :   15/9/11

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :   0450 544 433

Hours of Business :    

Rates :   $150/45 mins

Age :   20s

Size/shape :   size 4-6, very slim/petite

Nationality or Ethnicity :   Taiwan

Services Provided :   F/S, GFE

Value for money/recommend? :   Yes

My experience/comments : Got stuck in peak hour traffic and Tara called me a few times whilst I was on my way, at least it was good to know that my booking counted! Parked near the front door and another asian lady (probably the owner) told me that "the girl is waiting", and sure enough she was waiting at the fly-screen door for me. Was surprised to see such a hot figure, even though her webpage had that BCVP mark with it. 

Showered and then returned to her room. Laid down as she licked around my chest and some nice ball licking as well as the base of my shaft, unfortunately no BBBJ. Really got into it but when I positioned her for a 69, she declined saying she wasn't very good at it. CBJ was great though and with good eye contact which I love. 

Eventually she straddled me and was really wet, managed to take me all in even though she felt tight as. She wasn't lazy on top and did a great job riding me. Swapped positions to missionary and doggy and back to missionary. Gave me some deep french kissing whilst doing her missionary. 

After I finished, we just lay there naked on the bed and although her english isn't great, she sure liked to talk! So much so that the booking was closer to an hour even though I paid for 45. If I remember correctly she's a commerce student in Sydney who came here for a few weeks work during uni break. She had to go back that Friday, unfortunately, but she says she will return. 

All in all, had a great time even without the usual massage


Floor: #8
Post Time: 11th October 2011, 06:05 PM
Poster ID: PrawnStar
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
What suburb ? amd would u have the BC link ?


Floor: #9
Post Time: 16th October 2011, 02:11 PM
Poster ID: ggg4m3
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Think the suburb was Como. She's gone back to Sydney already and so her ad has been changed, but it used to be here here on BC web, same phone number but new girl I guess


Floor: #10
Post Time: 4th November 2011, 02:45 AM
Poster ID: angrybert
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
How tall is her? What's her cup size?


Floor: #11
Post Time: 4th November 2011, 10:53 PM
Poster ID: kizen
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I would say around 160cm with A cup.


Floor: #12
Post Time: 7th November 2011, 10:22 AM
Poster ID: ggg4m3
Post Title: 
 Tina - Como - 0450 544 433
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Tina

Establishment :   

Date of Visit :   6/11/11

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :  South of River Perth : BCVP -100% REAL PHOTOS,SWEET PRETTY CANDY

Hours of Business :    probably 10am til late. 

Rates :   $170/hr

Age : late 20s

Size/shape : ~size 8, 165cm, B cup. Triangular tat on her belly. 

Nationality or Ethnicity :   Hong Kong

Services Provided :   DFK, GFE, CBJ, BBBJ, 69, F/S, massage, shower together

Value for money/recommend? :   yes

My experience/comments : Made a last minute booking off the BC website for a girl named Candy, but surprise surprise ended up with a different girl at the door. Wasn't bad looking so I went for it. She had short hair and wore a skimpy lingerie dress, took my arm at the door and led me to her room. Started undressing me and DFK while sorting out booking length and I settled on an hour. Gave $200 and she said she'd have to get change from her boss. 

After completely stripping me rather eagerly, asked me to take a shower and I asked her to join me, to which she agreed. Received some chest and ball licking during the shower and she rubbed me all over with soap as well. Went back to her room after getting my change, and asked if I wanted BBBJ for the $30. Agreed, and man; best $30 spent in a punt. She knelt in front of me and went to work on my dick and balls, really seemed to enjoy doing it and took her time as well. Continued with me sitting at the edge of the bed and then with me lying down. Then changed to 69 on her shaved pussy. Not really a fan of 69 but I enjoyed it and she sounded like she really did. 

Onto F/S, she got my dick well lubed with her spit before applying a condom with her mouth, never felt easier getting one on! By now she was pretty wet and didn't need any lube, so just started with her riding me reverse cowgirl, lots of groping of her boobs which she enjoyed. Changed to cowgirl and then rolled her over into missionary and had my first pop not too long after but she kept grinding and moaning loudly at me, so perservered for a few mins longer. Eventually stopped and asked if I wanted a massage. 

Laid down and gave me an oil massage, pretty firm but with quicker motions than most massages. Overall a pretty good massage, covered my arms, back and legs. Then she started kissing/sucking my ear and before long we went for round 2. More BBBJ with both of us lying on the bed, then onto her riding me reverse cowgirl and then she tried to reposition us whilst I was still inside her and switched to doggy. Finished again in missionary and again, kept going a bit after I popped. 

Showered again together and she helped me dress, which was a nice touch. Gave me her personal number and kissed me off at the door. 

Overall, surprisingly a great experience even though the ad is completely different. Really into it and great BBBJ.


Floor: #13
Post Time: 10th December 2011, 03:50 AM
Poster ID: sunyun
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hi ggg,

Sounds like you had a good time.

Is 0450 544 433  her personal number ?

I assume that from what you said, the girl you had was not the one in the BC ad.

So how do I ID the real Tina ?

Are you able to PM me her personal number ?

Cheers,

Steve.


Floor: #14
Post Time: 10th December 2011, 10:31 AM
Poster ID: Solution
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Nice review - may be hard getting the real Tina ...


Floor: #15
Post Time: 30th January 2012, 03:20 AM
Poster ID: angrybert
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Tried Tira twice, FS is good., give 8/10. But don't expect big boobs from her.
The other occasion was I went there n called before hand to try Coco, but the girl I had doesn't really looks like Coco.. Hmm.. But the FS attitude n services was good.. But she sort of fat type.. Not really my type.. Anyway at least right FS attitude..


Thread Title: 387 Canning Hwy, Como - 0450 544 433
Floor: #16
Post Time: 4th January 2013, 09:07 PM
Poster ID: Xenostrike
Post Title: 
 387 Canning Hwy, Como Perth
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lucy

Establishment : 387 canning hwy,como

Date of Visit : 19/12/2012

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : private

Hours of Business : 10am - late??

Rates : $120/ half hr

Age : early 20's

Size/shape : small

Nationality or Ethnicity : china

Services Provided: Full services

Value for money/recommend? : not too bad

My experience/comments : 

I been there 2 years ago and all the girls quality are pretty good. She is pretty good but quite lazy I think. She trying to be friendly but her mouth have a strong cigarette smell. I really want to keep my face away from her face as much as position. I guess if you are a smoker that will be fine.But the girl's Standard had drop a bit compare to it used to. hopefully just my case or else is just such a shame.

When I first met her I think she is pretty good looking. BUt the cigarette smells really turn me off. She did tried to be friendly and so am I trying to be nice to her and she start getting lazy. Reluctant to change position. When I tried to change a few other positions she said is painful and just want to stick to missionary position. Guess is my unlucky day. Well, even when we finish earlier she still hug me on the bed until the alarm rang. I would just is the cigarette smells that kill my entire experiences but she did try hard to provide good service I guess.


Floor: #17
Post Time: 12th January 2013, 10:14 AM
Poster ID: dirtyperthian
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I know this is probably a stupid question (I'm pretty new to punting) but can you just rock up to 387 Canning Hwy or do I have to make an appointment first?


Floor: #18
Post Time: 16th January 2013, 02:12 PM
Poster ID: Tallguy_71
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
You can just rock up


Floor: #19
Post Time: 19th January 2013, 09:42 AM
Poster ID: dirtyperthian
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks mate


Floor: #20
Post Time: 31st October 2013, 12:22 PM
Poster ID: Hot_kp
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Michelle

Establishment : 

Date of Visit : 30th October 2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 
387 Canning hwy Como 0416 458 307
Hours of Business : not sure. 

Rates : $120/half hr $170/hr

Age : mid 20's

Size/shape : tiny size 5 B cup boobs

Nationality or Ethnicity : Korean

Services Provided : FS, DATY and some kissing

Value for money/recommend? :  so so

My experience/comments : looking for a PWL I was perusing the ads in the West Australian and chose a girl that was nearby. 'She' answered the phone promptly, was friendly and polite so I made an appointment. 

When I arrived at the appointed time I discovered it wasn't a private situation but a brothel and all the girls where busy and there was a half hr wait. Well not a great start. I was as horny as a footy team on tour so I went up the road to the Como pub for a beer and wait the half hr. 

Back again and finally got in a room and introduced to Michelle. Business side done and showered i was soon back in the room with my Korean princess. And boy was she tiny. Very friendly and chatty she soon had me in a tight embrace and giving me very nice cuddles. Her boobs have a wonderful shape and even though they aren't large, on her small frame they looked awesome. If she had some hips she would have been perfect. I had her naked in a jiffy and while standing we kissed and cuddled while she was strocking my cock. At one stage I picked her up and she wrapped her legs around me while we continued to kiss. Such a tiny girl. One negative is she is into foam. Lots of it. 

We lay on the bed and I played with her pussy both with my fingers and tongue and she continued with the foam non stop. Always telling me how large I am. So big baby. Blah blah blah. Lol. Now I know I'm not huge but next to her tiny body I would have looked good in a porno. Crouched between her legs and rubbing my cock over her tummy and pubis while she dommed me up was an awesome sight and getting little kp into her was incredible. Man was she tight. Her moaning definitely became more urgent lol. She had an annoying habit of tilting her pelvis down to prevent penetration being obviously uncomfortable so we changed positions where she had more control and it wasn't long before the inevitable conclusion.  

WIR? probably not. Michelle has a tattoo across her lower tummy which may be a show stopper for some. Her lack of hips, mediocre performance and her excessive use of foam would stop me seeing her again. She said she is from sydney and will be heading back soon. The premises are ok but there is only one shower and the walk back to the room exposes you to the front door.


Floor: #21
Post Time: 21st November 2013, 08:56 PM
Poster ID: dick
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Have been to this place on quite a few occasions normally the girls are in there mid thirties average looking, often had kids. Generally  get  a good punt as they are into the sex and do not short change on time (only had one dud out of 10) only one shared shower in the house. The girls change regularly. Lately they seem to have got a bit younger and better in the looks department.
Saw Amy from  on sunday, tall slim small tits and big nipples good looking , was right into the sex, good covered blow job , missionary ,doggy then shes on top crossing her feet onto my feet giving herself great leverage and doing all the work at a fast pace needless to so I couldn't hold back any longer RECOMEND said shes there for another 2 weeks and was interested in marriage even though shes already got an aussie bloke!!!!!!!! Her English was poor but that didn't stop her talking


Floor: #22
Post Time: 6th March 2017, 10:08 AM
Poster ID: aaron484
Post Title: 
 Pinky - Perth
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Pinky

Establishment : Asian House

Date of Visit : Feb 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Beautiful Companions site 0416 898 990

Hours of Business : 9am til late

Rates : $170/hr

Age : About 25

Size/shape : 5, C Cup

Nationality or Ethnicity : HK

Services Provided : PSE

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : 

This girl is great value for money, typical small Asian girl with great attitude, which is rare.
Full on kissing, touching, and fingering.  Plenty of bbbj, 69s, and fucking.  I ended up having a second round of bbbj after sex and finishing in her mouth.  She took her time to lick me clean.
Great attitude.
She did not ask for extras.


Floor: #23
Post Time: 6th May 2017, 05:52 PM
Poster ID: ofaiom
Post Title: 
 Pinky 387 Canning Hwy,South Perth
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Pinky

Establishment : 387 Canning Hwy,South Perth

Date of Visit : 15/03/2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0416 898 990 

Hours of Business : 10am till late

Rates : $180 an hour/120 for 30 mins

Age : looked 21 to me

Size/shape : C cup, slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Hong Kong

Services Provided : BBJ/CBJ, DATY, FS

Value for money/recommend? : Oh Yes!

My experience/comments :

When I called back in I was told Pinky is ready and which made me feel a little better. I was showed to the room where Pinky was waiting for me.
Her English is very limited but she is so cute and ready to please.The service started with some nice passionate kissing and a bit of groping ,
which helped ease any tension I had. This soon lead to Pinky dropping down and getting my manhood out and started a good long bbbj. 

I told her to lay down while sucking on her fake tits with my fingers also inside her . She started kissing my face and neck then lips and I return the favour then stuck my tongue inside and she did the same. Her vagina was really tight I could feel her muscles grinding my cock. 

It was nice memorable punt with this little hong kong girl.


