Thread Title: Asian Beauties - 367 South St, O'Connor - 08 9331 8381
Floor: #1
Post Time: 29th May 2012, 07:55 PM
Poster ID: gazzaboy
Post Title: 
 Asian Beauties - 367 South St, O'Connor - 08 9331 8381
				
Post Content: 
Linda
Asian Beauties
367 South Street 
O'Connor

Telephone: 9331 8381
Body: Size 6 with 36 " boobs

Cost: $200/Hr.

Linda, what can I say. She was the best GFE and punt that I have had, nice face, beautiful size 6 body, and size 36 boobs (natural), however her English is not the best and giggles a bit when she doesn't understand. After paying for an hour I asked how much for BBBJ. She wanted $50 and I agreed. We kissed and cuddled and then I made my way down to her cute little beaver. She wasn't too keen on DATY however I said I enjoyed it and she allowed me to continue. After DATY I laid back and she sucked my nipples and down my body and legs, then lick up the inside of my leg and licked my balls. By this stage I was going to pop so we got down to business. After I cum we cuddled kissed and she lay on top of me, we spoke a little and then she ran her pussy over my body and put Naughty Boy between her boobs. She the then got down to BBBJ and back to her boobs/BBBJ. She then suggested trying different positions until I pop again. She took me into the shower and washed me down and wiped me. Over all a very good experience.
Rate 10/10


Floor: #2
Post Time: 30th May 2012, 11:52 PM
Poster ID: Remi85
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Is the place behind the deli or on the other side of the road?


Floor: #3
Post Time: 30th July 2012, 11:56 PM
Poster ID: autobots
Post Title: 
 2nd Chance - Autobot's Reviews in Perth
				
Post Content: 
Establishment and/or person's Name: BiBi

Contact Details/Address: 08 9331 8381, Asian Beauties Massage, 367 South St, O'Connor. Open 10am to 2am.
 
Prices: $100 for 20 min, $120 for 30 min, $160 for 45 min, $200 per hour

Age: 25

Size/shape: Size 6, D Cup

Nationality or Ethnicity: Korean

Services: Massage, Full Service, Light Kissing, CBJ

Value for money/recommend: Definitely! 8.5/10 (went whilst quite tired)

My experience: So it was my first time to this establishment. I heard alot of mixed reviews about this places, but generally good things.

First off, you can access the place from the front or the back. It's basically a side shop with a very big car park. This place can get very busy at times, normally two cars are parked at the front (the owners?).



This review is about my visit twice one day; once late afternoon and around midnight. 

Visit 1 (Late afternoon): There's wasn't much cars, I decided to just checkout who was on. The receptionist spoke perfect english and led me to the seating area, where there were 4 large comfy chairs. Was quite impressed and comfortable. Out came out the ladies. 

The first girl was stunning, petite size with a huge killer rack! Shes was slim and had all the goods. With a friendly vibe, she introduced herself as Bibi. She looked sexily hot, but I was abit worried she be stuck up and have poor attitude as a trade off. The other three were taller but slim too. The place seemed really quiet, but I wasn't in the mood so left.

Visit 2 (Midnight): Couldn't sleep so came back late at night, the place seemed quiet too. Same routine, sat in chair and was shown two ladies, they were faily ok, 6-7/10. However, I couldn't get the first girl I saw, BiBi out of my mind. I asked the receptionist if she was still working, and was told I had to wait 25mins. I decide to wait, having a little nap in the chair. Receptionist comes back and tells me that she is finished but could I wait an extra 5 minutes, apparently the poor girl hadn't had dinner yet. I tell her to tell her to take her time, 15 minutes is ok. I ask for one hour and then was asked to go to one the rooms where there was a clean bed, another comfy chair and a shower. I have a shower and wait for BiBi to return. After a while, out comes BiBi, stunning as. She had a cute face with burnt orange hair,  very nicely toned petite body,  with a gigantic rack for her size! She was really friendly and we chatted abit about ourselves and general chitchat.

She asks me to lie on my tummy, then proceeds to give me a really awesome full body massage. I was surprised, but really enjoyed this nice massage. I go on my back and she starts to suck and massage my pleasure tool. She teasingly licked around my area, which felt like a BBBJ but around my pleasure tool. On comes the condom and she goes cowgirl, missionary and doggy. She let's me kiss her gently and I fondle here awesome rack  Pretty sure her boobs were fake, but they felt really good, firm and big. I couldn't cum, so she took of the condom and gave me a nice handjob with kisses over my body. I really get off this, tell her im ready and she chucks the condom back on. She go's cowgirl, I'm really enjoying this and tell here to lie over and on top of me. We bang the shit out of each other, her gyrating up and down and me trying to blast her off like a rocket. I finally explode in pleasure 

I was really tired, so we lay and chat again. I have a quick shower, give her a quick tip for her amazing service. It was definitely worth the wait and money. I couldn't gone for multiple endings but decide to go off with a quality cumtastic ending. 8.5/10


Floor: #4
Post Time: 31st July 2012, 11:30 PM
Poster ID: autobots
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by Remi85


Is the place behind the deli or on the other side of the road
"""



It's behind the deli.


