Thread Title: Burswood Massage - 0488 004 008
Floor: #1
Post Time: 27th April 2011, 01:27 PM
Poster ID: gronks
Post Title: 
 Burswood Massage - 0488 004 008
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Meisha

Establishment : Burswood Massage - Great Eastern Hwy

Date of Visit: Sunday night (27 Mar 11)

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: 0488 004 008

Hours of Business: Till late 

Rates: 110 half hr

Age: 20 - 25

Size/shape: Slim

Nationality or Ethnicity: Korean

Services Provided: Full Service, BJ with condom, Massage, Shower

Value for money/recommend?: If within the vicinity I would recommend

My experience/comments: A small establishment with rear access and parking making it very private and tempting to visit. Had a young Korean girl called Meisha who answered the door and straight away asked me if I liked her. She was friendly and seemed happy. She took me to the shower and brought me a towel then once finished I went into the next room where she was waiting. Her English was only average as she had asked me if it was cold outside and then when I answered and asked a few questions the understanding became difficult. Anyhow, first up it was straight into a back massage followed by a fairly decent protected BJ. She did indeed like to cuddle but not to kiss which was the biggest let down of the whole experience (each to their own). The service was your ordinary missionary and doggy style positions which was pretty good but I got the feeling she wasn't overly impressed that I lasted a good while with a few evil looks in between the thrustings. Anyhow after the icing on the cake she took me to have a shower and to my suprise jumped in and gave me a little scrubing which was a nice touch. 

Overall it was a fairly good experience and would recommened if your within the vicinity or looking for some post casino fun like myself that night. On the beautiful companions website there is an ad tited 'Ruby @ Burswood' which has the same phone number but I think they use the same number for all the girls at the premises. I can not really tell if the photos are of the girl in mention the physiques are similar. To summarise, if you enjoying your kissing don't see this girl otherwise she is worth the quid.


