Thread Title: City West Massage - 5 Oxford Cl, Leederville - 08 9388 3636
Floor: #1
Post Time: 13th November 2010, 04:21 PM
Poster ID: DarkSwanPhoto
Post Title: 
 City West Massage - 5 Oxford Cl, Leederville - 08 9388 3636
				
Post Content: 
Well I broke my Australia hooker cherry.  Back in my home country we don't have brothels and the world's oldest profession is conducted out homes, apartments, and hotels. Since I'd never been to a brothel, I thought I'd check it out (even though my head was telling me I was going to be disappointed).

I don't know if review templates are used to post reviews but I thought I'd continue the tradition here.

LOCATION: City West
DATE: 13/10/10
NAME: Emma
INCALL/OUTCALL: Brothel
INCALL CLEANLINESS: The lobby is a bit shabby but the rooms are great.
ACCURATE PICTURE: No picture... hooker cat walk fashion show in the lobby
AGE: I guessed early 30's... She says 20's... but she wouldn't be more precise.
PERSONALITY: Upfront in the beginning... not GFE...*
RACE: White / Caucasian
BODY TYPE: Nice body. Not a spinner... but I'd give her a 7.
WEIGHT: 140lbs? What's that... a little less than 70kg?
HEIGHT: Tall... She must have been close to 6ft
BUST: Nice natural B cups or C cups. Nice symmetry
WAIST: Decent. Not a perfectly flat tummy but no mommy belly either.
HIPS: Nice figure over all. Very proportional.
HAIR: Blonde / Straight
EYES: Too dark to tell the eye color
FEET: Not really my thing so I can't really report on the subject
SKIN TONE: Very fair... great complession... very little cottage cheese
TRIMMING: Shaved, nicely groomed
TATTOOS: One dolphin on her lower back.
SCARS: None that I could tell
PIERCINGS: Nothing unusual or alternative
CLOTHES: She wore a short black dress that didn't stay on very long after we started
GLASSES: Didn't see any*
MOANS OR OTHER SOUNDS?: Pretty unresponsive... didn't make a sound
ENERGY LEVEL DISPLAYED: While she did work hard at her BJ, she pretty much just laid there like a dead fish. No enthusiam during sex.
MULTIPLE CUPS?: No. Looks like City West doesn't offer this. You cum you're done.
ACCEPTS FRENCH: No. She's a super safety girl.
KISSING TECHNIQUE: No kissing. She isn't even comfortable with people kissing her body.
FRENCH: CBJ / Condom Blow Job... sounds like this standard fare here unless someone can enlighten me. Her blow job was really average in my experience. Not a lot of enthusiasm or eye contact. She did work really hard at it. Her skills just don't compare to some other girls I have seen in the past. She's not the worst either.
GREEK: Didn't bother asking... not my thing and I doubt she'd do it.
RUSSIAN: Her boobs aren't big enough for this.
DON'T's: Where do I start... you only get the most basic service here. Plenty of "no's": No touching her pussy (it's an upcharge to touch the outside of her pussy), No kissing, the only position is missionary, no dirty talk, no... no... no... the word "yes" doesn't seem to really exist for her.
WEBSITE:*http://www.citywestmassage.com.au/
SCREENING PROCESS: It's a fucking brothel... no screening... just plenty of video cameras and people walking around
EMAIL: yeah right...*
PHONE: don't see getting that one any time soon...
RATES: $170/hhr $240/hr + upcharges
RECOMMEND: No
REPEAT: (do you intend to see provider again?) No
COMMENTS:

Like I said, this is my first brothel experience and it is difficult for me to ascertain how being with other brothel girls at the brothel might turn out.*

The taxi dropped me off at City West. I step into the small reception / lounge area and ask the receptionist how this works. Basically, you sit down on the couch and she notifies the available girls that a punter has shown up. I thought they would all present themselves simultaneously and that a few would hang out in the lounge/reception area to have a chat. Nope... they all march in matter-of-factly one after another state their name, perhaps shake your hand and whisk themselves around back to their room. No opportunity to chit chat or anything. Its hard to pick someone on looks alone. So having people just state their name and head back into the room is a very hard way to judge their attitude. Attitude is very important to me and I am somewhat sensitive about this. I had a hard time remembering all their names and struggled to remember four the girls that seemed more interesting.*

I went to the receptionist and asked what sort of services the girls I was interested in offered. She really couldn't tell me much. I asked if any of them were ok with french kissing. She said Emma did and so I went and had a chat with her. Kissing is very important to me... it's part of the whole attitude thing.

We go to her room... and I have to say the room are really nice. The showers are well designed and well placed. I liked most everything about the rooms there. I informed her that I am new to Oz and that I've never been to a Brothel before. She explained to me the basics and seemed to have a good professional attitude. Basically, the "full service" service is very basic. "Full service" is misnomer. I was told that "full service" constitutes a massage, a slip / slide, oral-on-him, and basic sex. Everything else outside of that is extra. Touching her pussy (on the outside only) is extra. wtf?!?!!? Basically, there were no "yes's" to most of my questions. In fact, she has a leg injury which precludes most sexual positions. To be fair, she did tell me all of this up front before I agreed to do the deed with her. I did warn her up front that I have ED issues and that I am very sensitive to a girl's attitude. (I can see a train wreck up ahead, but like a moth to a flame...)

Well, my little head got the best of me and I decided to try her. She asked me to take a quick shower while she took the fees to the madam.... ahem "receptionist." Was she going to join me in the shower? She told me she would during the shower that takes place after the session. So, I shower by myself. She comes back in the room and hands me a dry towel. I towel off and plop on the bed.

I'm on my back and she sits next to me and gives me "light fingers" over a few parts of my body. I'm not really responsive to this kind of stuff in general unless it progresses to a stiffer massage. She lightly caresses my balls and cock. I have a hard time getting erect / sustaining an erection and light touching doesn't do much for me. The light fingers never progressed to a real massage and there was definitely no slip and slide. After about 5 minutes of that she starts slowly tugging on my cock which is still soft and I'm hoping the action will start sooner. I could tell that she likes to lead the show... she's just not a very good leader. I'm not sure how she would have reacted if I had asserted myself more proactively. Eventually, she puts a condom on my soft cock and the blowjob is OK. It's not bad, really. It's just not epic. And in my book, condom covered blowjobs need to be epic to get my attention. So she chews on it for about 15mins. Although she is very beautiful and was earnestly trying to get me hard with her average technique of tongue fluttering, I had to fantasize about some private fantasies of mine to get my soldier to get to work.*

Finally, I'm hard enough to fuck and I tell her to flip over quick so we can fuck missionary style. She switches condoms because she though the first (smaller one) was looking tight on my dick and thought that a slighly larger one would be more comfortable. That's a new one for me. Never heard of that. Couldn't tell the difference. Once the new condom is on, I got on top of her and barely got it in before my dick had a chance to get soft. I start fucking her missionary style. She has a sweet body, a really nice pussy, and a beautiful face. I had understood kissing her mouth was off the menu... what I didn't know is that kissing in general was completely off the menu. wtf?!?!? I start by trying to kiss her her, ears, cheeks, chest, etc... she reacts with discomfort to my advances. This is completely bizarre to me. She was generally unresponsive to my fucking and you could tell she was counting sheep, money, or imagining her next holiday in her mind. This lack of responsive attitude makes things difficult for me. I tried heaving her legs over my shoulders for a slightly different penetration... nope... the minute I touched her injured leg... the grimaces and wingeing was too much... it was a wood killer.*

So we have to start over again and at this point... I'm more than annoyed, somewhat upset, but try to shield this from her so that she might grab the bull by the horns. She tries earnestly again to get me hard. I ask if she has more condoms in case I go soft again during sex. She tells me she only has two more. Again, wtf??!?!? 15minutes later I have to resort to some wicked fantasizing to get me hard. My fantasy does the trick and we flip back to missionary. I keep my mind on target (with the fantasy) and I finally bust my nut.*

I tried to have a pleasant chit chat with her afterwards but she really wasn't very interested in making me feel at home with the balance of time I had remaining. I even asked her a few times if she was interested in seeing my photography portfolio. No dice. In the end, I felt slighted and insulted.

Don't get me wrong, her attitude was professional the whole time. Maybe TOO professional. From this experience I get the impression that "sex" consists soley of sticking your dick in a pussy. Well, where that is a very narrow definition. Sex should include lots of mutual touching, some intimacy, and responsiveness.*

In the end, I was miffed and severely disappointed by my first brothel experience. Like other things I'm finding here in Australia (compared to my home country), you seem to get half the service at about twice the cost.

Now... if anyone can recommend some escorts / girls to me (they must have an incall) that provide genuine GFE/PSE services, I'd be grateful. I'm not sure I'd want to go back to a brothel unless someone could recommend someone to me that would better suit my tastes.*

How's that for a Yank-style review?


Floor: #2
Post Time: 13th November 2010, 05:32 PM
Poster ID: someone or other
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
If that's a "Yank-style" review, we hope to read many more from you but hope you have better luck next time.

Cheers,

s.o.o.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 13th November 2010, 05:59 PM
Poster ID: Chalk010
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I can handle reading Yank Style as well, great review .


Floor: #4
Post Time: 13th November 2010, 10:41 PM
Poster ID: wotif
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hey we all have met ladies like that. Don't be put off. You will meet more professional ladies with a true customer service oriented attitude. Good review. Appreciated.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 28th November 2010, 04:42 PM
Poster ID: clownface
Post Title: 
 Nikki - City West
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Nikki

Establishment (if applicable): City West 

Contact Details/Address: Oxford Cl, West Leederville

Hours of Business: (if known or applicable)

Prices: $240 hr

Age: early 30's

Size/shape: 10/12

Nationality or Ethnicity: Aussie

Services:

Value for money/recommend?: Yes

My experience/comments: Have had a few visits to City West over the years without much success.  I hadnt been in for about a year and was passing so thought I would pop in to see the line up.  There were about 12 girls on and I was introduced to Nikki, she looked a very sexy milf and I decided to take an hour booking with her.

I was pleasantly surprised, her service was fantastic and she got right into the sex.  The rooms have all been renovated and with the delicious array of girls on offer I will put this place back on my regular visits.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 18th February 2011, 01:38 AM
Poster ID: Zi_zou99
Post Title: 
 Elli
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name:Elli

Establishment :City west, 5 Oxford Close, West Leederville (08) 9388 3636

Date of Visit: end of Nov 2010

Contact Details/Address/Weblink:http://www.citywestmassage.com.au/

Hours of Business: Monday - Wednesday 10am - Late. 
(2 or 3am generally) Thursday - Sunday 24 hours.

Rates: 170/30mins, 240/hr

Age: 21

Size/shape: 6

Nationality or Ethnicity:caucasian

Services Provided:full services

Value for money/recommend?:7/10

My experience/comments: Elli was quite short about 1m55, very slim but pretty. She seems a bit inexperienced but friendly and very talkative. She told me she worked as stripper before and was new to this job. Overall good service, i would revisit although i'm not sure if she is still around, i have been away for a couple month and haven't punted lately.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 26th February 2011, 10:47 AM
Poster ID: Fonki
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Jasmin.
Just walked in and saw her, Indian girl. Tall and sexy. Asked for an hour but she suggested 30 mins and $50 on the side for a "specially sensual experience". Cost me $220 in the end but she was really hot. Did not want too 69 but used her looks and body to tease. Clever girl, won't give all away on first date to ensure a comeback. Certainly knows what she is doing and I think return visits will be rewarded so will start saving up. Expensive but hot!


Floor: #8
Post Time: 6th December 2011, 08:47 PM
Poster ID: wildbird
Post Title: 
 City West Massage, Perth
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Candy

Establishment : City West Massage

Date of Visit : 27/11/2011

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : citywestmassage.com.au

Hours of Business :  

Rates : 260/hr

Age : 24

Size/shape : Slightly curvy

Nationality or Ethnicity : African

Services Provided : Full

Value for money/recommend? : 
Yes
My experience/comments : Called in after a few beers out, and was 2 other punters waiting, but didnt want to take Candy upstairs (weirdoes!) Was from Africa, very dark. Was a joy to be with, funny, and liked to mix it up a bit, standing, over the bed, up against the wardrobe etc. Was much fun to be had! Def will be back again. Maybe even try it a bit soberer next time!

Nice place really, nice decor, been in better, but not at this price range. Was there and only one working, which was Candy. If you like black women, you will love this lovely girl. Started off with CBJ, and then moved around to mount me. After a bit of this, suggested i go on top, and then a bit of doggy. She then gets up and stands up against the wardrobe, which was great, except legs got tired! Back onto the bed, and started a great handjob, which finished me off. Not a time watcher, wouldnt do anal, but open to DATY. Would write mpore, but might pop off back there :-)


