Thread Title: Club 316 - 316 Charles St, Perth - 08 9227 5111
Floor: #1
Post Time: 7th January 2011, 05:52 AM
Poster ID: Whoremonger
Post Title: 
 Club 316 - 316 Charles St, Perth - 08 9227 5111
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Simone

Establishment : Club 316 Perth

Contact Details/Address: 316 charles street, perth (08) 9227 5111

Hours of Business: Late, I think until 3am?

Prices: $260 per hour

Age: mid 30's

Size/shape: Size 8, big breasts, blonde, good body

Nationality or Ethnicity: White

Services: BJ, sex, massage, 

Value for money/recommend?: Yes

My experience/comments: Very sexy lady with a great pair of tits. She was into it and we had sex in mutliple positions. Very good in cowgirl and in doggy, she managed to get me to pop twice in an hour. Also provided a nice, slow blowjob that I really enjoyed

Mentioned that she may be leaving and had cut her hours, so best you phone in advance.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 23rd January 2011, 10:58 AM
Poster ID: Buckland Boy
Post Title: 
 Jenny @ Club 316 Perth
				
Post Content: 
Name : Jenny
Club 316 Perth
0892275111
10am to late most days
Half hour $175
45 mins $220
1 hr $255
Age: 35?
Size 8 Slim
Thai.
Full service.
Obviously this is my first review using your template so here goes. I have been seeing Jenny for a couple of years now but usually big gaps between visits as I don't live in Perth. Jenny is very friendly and enthusiastic with her work. She always give me a great teasing massage and has me very eager to get into the business part of her service. Her oral skills are very good and she has a very nice firm body. She has a definite Thai accent but is very easy to understand. As a regular I can definitely recommend Jenny. If you like slim asian women (a little bit older) I am sure you will enjoy spending time with her


Floor: #3
Post Time: 19th October 2011, 03:00 AM
Poster ID: endorfin
Post Title: 
 Session at Club 316 with Clover  ---I was not in Clover
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Clover

Establishment : Club 316

Date of Visit : Friday 14 October 2011

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 316 Charles St, North Perth

Hours of Business : 10-00am to 3-00am

Rates : $250/h

Age : 33

Size/shape : size 10, medium build
Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : first page of their web site says "Exquisite Full Service" 

Value for money/recommend? : no

My experience/comments : I have had some fantastic times at Club 316, so i paid them a visit last Friday night. I chose Clover from about 5 girls for a 60-minute session, and we headed upstairs to the Paris room. A quick check of me, and then extras were offered: $50 for kissing nipples and and touching. I had already paid $250 so what was i to do? Metaphorically speaking, Clover had me by the balls so i paid, and showered while Clover took the $50 downstairs.
The session started with Clover applying a body creme to my back and lower legs. I shall not describe her actions as massaging - it was more like spreading the creme. My upper back, the small of my back, my buttocks, my sides, my upper legs and my ankles received no attention from her at all.
At rollover time, i gently kissed her nipples, but Clover would not allow licking of her nipples! I gently brushed her pubic hair with 3 finger tips just once. That is all that Clover would allow - i estimate that the total time for the $50 extra was 8 seconds: 3 seconds per nipple and 2 seconds for the single brush of her pubes. How's that for value? (I suppose it depends upon one's point of view - hers or mine).
I asked Clover to gently cup my balls with her hands. Clover cupped one hand but she put a tissue in her palm to avoid contact with me. Needless to say, Clover's service had not yet excited me but she proceeded to put a condom on my flaccid penis by unrolling and stretching the condom. Maybe some CBJ would have helped but it was not forthcoming, so i walked out of the session.
I went to reception seeking a refund of the house fee, and i was offered a #30 refund based upon the difference, in the house fees, between a 60-minute session and a 30-minute session. (36 minutes had elapsed between the time of my $50 payment to reception and my return to reception). When i mentioned to reception that i would be speaking to Donna (the madam), i was told that Donna was on the premises and that i could speak to her.
I briefly explained the situation to Donna who apoligised, but it wasn't Donna who was the service provider. Donna authourised a full refund of the $100 house fee. Thank you Donna.
In Summary:
$200 for less than 25 minutes for a piss poor service, or more accurately no service from a provider who IMHO is in the wrong game, but YMMV.
If i ever go back to Club 316, it will be after i have done my homework and i know who i want to see.

p.s. Gabriella, who i have sessioned with, also charges $50 for extras, but at least Gabriella forewarns and provides a service.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 19th October 2011, 12:41 PM
Poster ID: changwuchee66
Post Title: 
 North Perth Club316
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Meme

Establishment : Club316

Date of Visit : 13/10/2011

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Welcome to Club 316. The ultimate gentlemen's club.. 316 Charles St, North Perth, WA

Hours of Business : Monday and Tuesday 10am - 2am Wednesday - Saturday 10am - 3am Sunday 10am - Midnight 


Rates : 1 Hour Full Service $225

Age : mid-20s

Size/shape : Busty

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian

Services Provided : Full sex

Value for money/recommend? : Great service and fantastic rooms

My experience/comments : After paying the fee at the counter, Meme brought me to this beautiful room which has its own shower and spa. We had a quick kiss with each other and then she send me to the shower. Once got on the bed, eveything went wild. She does a great BJ and the doggy style was very nice. We finished with a HJ and plenty of touching. She's not shy at all.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 4th December 2018, 08:06 PM
Poster ID: andraye
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Pixie

Establishment : Club 316

Date of Visit : December 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.club316.com.au/

Hours of Business : Monday and Tuesday 10am - 2am Wednesday - Saturday 10am - 3am Sunday 10am - Midnight 

Rates : hhr $200

Age : late 30s

Size/shape : Size 10, tall, curvy, librarian glasses completing the look, short brunette hair, Nice large E Cup naturals, thick thighs and arse but not at all fat, nice legs, nice soft white skin

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : CBJ, DFK, CFS

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

Have been here before, and this is definitely the best brothel in Perth. Lots of young hotties, and in this case, even the mature women on shift deliver.

In the lineup, I immediately was drawn to Pixie. Kind of alternative looking, short brown hair, librarian glasses, a nice light summery dress showing her legs. What did it for me was the massive breasts that were hiding underneath. It was not completely obvious, but you knew that once the dress came off, her tits were going to fall out, and they would be large and real. You could also tell by the way the top half of her cleavage jiggled like crazy when she walked in the intro.

As I followed her up the stairs looking at her nice legs, it was one of those exciting moments in punting where you are just so ready to go because visually you are so turned on and cant wait.

Into the room, and she disrobes as I am in the shower glancing at her. I am immediately happy with my choice. These large E cup naturals fall out of her bra. Not totally firm, and kind of have a slight droop to them, but with the heaviness and volume, they actually looked really sexy. Not saggy at all, just that pearl drop look to them. She had large darker pink areaolas that were smooth and soft to suck on. 

Into the action, and Pixie is into DFK. I suck and play with her tits, and she gives me a nice cbj. I get her to mount me cg, continue with the breast play as she grinds me, her thick creamy white thighs pushing up into me. She is a solid woman, just the way I like them. Into standing missionary, and I go for broke as I look in the mirror at her tits bouncing in 5 different directions rapidly across her chest, her prominent nipples pointing the way. Total turn on. She has a trimmed pussy that is still covered in fuzz all the way around. Was fine with me. Kind of like a tennis ball. Nice pussy though.

I get her to go to the couch and kneel, and mount her in doggie. She has a nice voluminous arse, and I am pounding pretty good, again watching her lovely tits bounce. 

Finally back to cg, where I can have one final play in this 1/2 hr with those tits. She rides me hard at her pace, and I may have disappointed her a bit because she was seeking an orgasm, but I blew hard before she got there.

All up, a great punt from a very sexy mature woman. She would rate in the top 10% at any Sydney mature establishment. Proof being that I chose her over a fairly hot early 20s blonde lass who was totally fuckable. I think she was surprised I didnt pick her and picked the older bird. I tried to book Pixie again the next day, but apparently she only works sporadically.

Some of the other shops in Perth are a bit dodgy. City Massage was scummy and the girls all totally up sold in the intro. Walked. Casey's Massage is actually full service, and I had a good time with a huge titted small bbw, which was quite fun, but not at 316 standards. I walked out of Langtree's. Cabbie told me to check under the light carefully before I choose, and he was right. Not worth the dosh.

Definitely recommend this shop if in Perth. Nice amenities, and the girls have a fairly consistent nice attitude.


