Thread Title: Esquire On Oxford - 251 Oxford St, Leederville - 08 9242 3070
Floor: #1
Post Time: 10th October 2010, 07:42 AM
Poster ID: GentlemanPerth
Post Title: 
 Esquire On Oxford - 251 Oxford St, Leederville - 08 9242 3070
				
Post Content: 
Establishment and/or person's Name: Esquires on Oxford - Melody

Contact Details/Address: www.esquireonoxford.com.au

Hours of Business: (if known or applicable)

Prices: 250/hr

Age: 21

Size/shape: Petite size 6 with DD

Nationality or Ethnicity: Australian

Services: Full Service, no extra's

Value for money/recommend?: Greatl looking girl, but not as enthusiatic as I would have liked.

My experience/comments: Best looking on offer the night I went to Esquires. Was very bubbly person who was a little nervous at the start but settled right in afterwards.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 16th May 2011, 07:03 PM
Poster ID: cypresssplit
Post Title: 
 Mandie at Esquire Spa and Massage
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name:  Mandie

Establishment :  Esquire Spa and Massage

Date of Visit:  Weekday in May 2011

Weblink:  esquirespaandmassage.com/

Hours of Business:   no idea, was on a weekday afternoon

Rates:  $200 for the half hour, plus $80 extras

Age: 30ish

Size/shape:  kinda tall, no tits, fit, thin, blonde

Nationality or Ethnicity: white, australian (probably)

Services Provided: full service

Value for money/recommend?:  kinda, see below

My experience/comments:

rocked up to esquire on a weekday afternoon with some time to kill, no appointment or anything.  pickings were a bit slim, settled on a reasonably good looking blond.  a bit over the hill, and not really any tits, but good looking anyway.

$200 for the half hour, standard at esquire, and hopped in the shower.  when i got out she came over and had my cock in one hand and a towel in the other.

moved to the bed for the little massage they do to break the ice.  esquire is a massage place but if thats your thing i wouldn't recommend her.  she played with my balls though so wasn't gonna complain.

flipped over and she started licking my balls.  she started reaching for the condom and i asked if she could suck my cock without it.  normally at esquire i wouldn't bother but she was already half there.  $80 later she was going for broke.  

she brought me to the edge a few times then i slipped on the rubber and started taking her from behind.  after smashing away for a little while decided it was time for some more head.  

she was pretty clear about not cumming in her mouth though, so after a little bit she finished me off with her hand while playing with my ass.

anyway, to sum up, a pleasant surprise for a weekday afternoon.  not the best looking girl, and a bit older then she was a few years ago, but had a good time.


