Thread Title: Green House - 204 Belmont Ave, Cloverdale - ?
Floor: #1
Post Time: 18th October 2010, 01:07 AM
Poster ID: dick
Post Title: 
 Green House - 204 Belmont Ave, Cloverdale - ?
				
Post Content: 
adress 204 belmont av clovedale wa
$110 per half hour
around 30 but said she was 20 years old
size 8
korean claiming to be japanese
massage ,bj ,full service
poor value for money

tina works in a house with 3 others. The house is run down on a busy road, not very private one bathroom. The girl who I wanted to see wasnt there and tina didnt match her photo on the beautiful companions web site. no massage given didnt like it when I was sweating in the missionary position and she deciede to stop (what the f) bad attitude worse than hopeless english
not a pleasant experience dont go to the place it is shonkie

disappointed dick


Floor: #2
Post Time: 2nd December 2010, 11:04 PM
Poster ID: soccerman
Post Title: 
 Gabi at Green House Belmont
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Gabi

Establishment (if applicable): Green House Belmont, WA

Contact Details/Address: 204 Belmont ave

Hours of Business: (if known or applicable)?

Prices: 150 for 45min, 180 for 60min

Age: early 20's

Size/shape: Tall, slim and athletic

Nationality or Ethnicity: Korean

Services: Light Kissiing, No DATY, No finger, Nice BBBJ, GFE (YMMV)

Value for money/recommend?: Yes

My experience/comments: Gabi is a very pretty Korean girl who is very friendly but can be a bit business like,... though she is good at her job, you wouldn't know it if you were not very experienced at punting.... But on the plus side, she can and does loosen up if she feels comfortable with you and her BBBJ is very good,.. with few strokes of very nice deep throat... her pussy is also very tight and she does spread pretty well, allowing deep access...but she does not allow DATY (Which is a pity as I love that) and also her pussy is usually fully shaven, making it look very delicious for DATY.... I would recommend her to the punter who likes to the challenge of warming up a WL...but the rewards are well worth the work....I wil... and have repeated many times already.. Good luck to all who try her...


