Floor: #1
Post Time: 3rd February 2013, 08:49 PM
Poster ID: PrawnStar
Post Title: 
 Hany's Massage Centre - 1/1n5 Savery Way, Rockingham - 0424 657 747
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jennie

Establishment : Hany's Massage Centre Rockingham Mandurah

Date of Visit : 28/1/13

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :

Rockingham Mandurah : New girls weekly@Rockingham
PH 0414144282
1/15 Savery Way, Rockingham

Hours of Business : Not Sure 9 am to late tho

Rates :  110 30min 180 1hour

Age : 19-22

Size/shape :  Small Size6

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : FS

Value for money/recommend? : Yes I want to go back

My experience/comments : Only one girl was available Jennie and although the add does say she is Thai I heard her speaking Cantonese so I doubt the Thai part however ignoring that little titbit her ass was fantastic as were her perky small breasts I would giver her body a 8/10 GFE 9/10. Her BJ was a little short and unfortunately the common CBJ but her fantastic face going down on the membership is a worth sight, we proceeded after a little of the BJ to the main course and I had a fantastic shag one of the best for a while. She was not interested in getting rid of me and instead sued me to practice her english I guess a massage would have gone down well but I did not mind so we chatted and I have no idea how long I was there, no one knocked no one disturbed quite good.

The place is clean, in an industrial area, Mamasan even asked if everything was good ... and Jennys ass was fantastic ! I would go back for seconds.

Overall good location, cheaper then the others and so far (this was my second only visit) girls have been of good quality and as advertised online.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 15th April 2015, 07:00 PM
Poster ID: Hot_kp
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sha Sha

Establishment : Hany's Escorts Rockingham

Date of Visit : 14th April 2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :

Ph: 0424 657 747

Escort services Rockingham

1/15 Savery Way, Rockingham

Hours of Business : not sure but they are open late

Rates :  $110/30min $180/hr but a special at the moment of $160 for 1 hr. 

Age : mid 20's

Size/shape :  5'8" Tall sz 6 - 8  shapely Bcups. The push up bra made them look bigger in the intro. Nice boobs though. 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Korean

Services Provided : FS, CBJ and DFK without the D

Value for money/recommend? : Yes 

My experience/comments : was 8ish on a mid week night and 2 girls fronted the line up. Sha Sha was extremely friendly and had a big smile and plenty of eye contact. The other girl, while cute, was distant. No eye contact at all and a tad bored maybe. Anyway. The boobs and long legs on Sha Sha had me convinced so she got the guernsey. 

Into the room and she gave some nice lip kisses and then asked if I wanted a shower. One of my things, no matter how clean I am, if she asks about a shower I always take a shower. Back in the room and we continued our kissing. She's tall in her heels but perfectly placed for my cock to nestle against her pudendum. I slowly unwrapped her and it wasn't long before she was naked like me. 

We reclined on the bed while we continued the kissing. And some nice kissing it was too. Not quite deep but definitely French.  Little tongue pokes and lots of soft lips. She was straddled on top of me and I could feel her pubes gently rubbing against my cock. She had just a slight tuft at the top of her lips but her lips where smooth. Very nice indeed. 

Sha Sha slipped a condom on my cock with her mouth and proceeded with a superb CBJ. Lots of depth and variety including sucking and licking my balls. There was lots of touching and she would slide up and kiss me and suck on my nipples while teasing my cock with her pussy. Eventually the tease became reality and my cock slipped into her moist pussy, with no difficulty, to full depth. She rode me cow girl and moved beautifully to a very nice  rhythm that matched my thrusts superbly while our lips where locked. Her superb boobs swinging above me was mesmerizing. 

As nice as it was seeing and feeling her ride me this way I wanted her in mish and in one movement I rolled her on to her back. And what a superb sight to see this slim girl beneath me with her long legs up around my shoulders. Her boobs swaying to my rhythm as I fucked her to a very satisfying conclusion. We lay embraced for some time kissing and chatting. No rush at all. But like all things, time was running out and after a quick shower I was out of there.

In the stairs I bumped into another girl. Just as cute so I suspect there is some talent here and well worth a return visit. Be quick with Sha Sha though. She's only here for another week. 

Mods - please note the different phone number taken from the current newspaper ad.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 15th April 2015, 07:06 PM
Poster ID: nextlif
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thx Hot_kp. Ive added their  new number to the thread title


