Thread Title: International 300 - 300 Pier St, East Perth - 08 9328 9300
Floor: #1
Post Time: 22nd April 2010, 12:40 PM
Poster ID: xab
Post Title: 
 International 300 - 300 Pier St, East Perth - 08 9328 9300
				
Post Content: 
Last friday night I was in desperate need of attention. Being single for about a month and my balls sack was getting pretty purple. So I stumbled across 300 International in East Perth (near Members Equity stadium).

So I get in and amongst the 12 asian little girls there was one that stood out... a curvy busty black girl called Tanya... by her large breast and her slightly exposed nipples, I knew I was going to choose her. 

So I did.

After a quick shower I lay in the bed and wait for Tanya to come in the room.

Once she does she notices my fully erected penis and she decides to suck it immediately... 
Then after her lips and tongue have been treating my cock, she decides to wrap a condom on it... and continues to suck... 

the damage was already done... she had already had a taste of it... so cheeky enough I take off the condom and grab her head and guide her back on it... 
I then roughly move her hips toward my face and she learns to move her leg accross my head and she plants her juicy wet sweet vagina on my mouth...and there it is... a mean long session of 69... I find her spot immediately, she starts to gush and she reaches her orgasm she sucks harded and faster... I think she was actually deep throating it... 

she comes in my mouth... but I dont stop sucking on her clit... she seems to enjoy the tickle and pain that she's getting... 
she decides to grab hold of my cock and thrust it hard and fast while her tongue continues to persuade it to cum ....

I do so... on her fat lips and her mouth... she calmy licks it off...

once she cleans it well... she wraps a new condom on it and starts riding me.... 

we end up doing a few more positions before we doggie style and i fuck her so hard and she allows me to slip my finger in her ass while pounding her...

I cum twice more and lay in bed with 1 minute to go...

Once we hear the knock on the door, she decides to write her number on my hand...

we exchange number... and hopefully next time, it will be a session at mine or hers


