Thread Title: Jill - Jessie's Sweethearts Massage, Midvale - 0406 046 353
Floor: #1
Post Time: 25th August 2013, 07:52 PM
Poster ID: Calais V8
Post Title: 
 Jill - Jessie's Sweethearts Massage, Midvale - 0406 046 353
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jilli

Establishment : Jessie's Sweethearts Midvale

Date of Visit : 27th July 2013 - Late Night Visit

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0406 046 353 - 28 Elliott Street Midvale (Big Neon Massage Sign in Window)

Hours of Business : 7 Days A Week - Open very late unsure if 24/7

Rates : $150 an hour / $100 half an hour / 2 girls for an hour $300 (I think it was a little more if you go after 10pm)

Age : ~24

Size/shape : Slim n Very Busty

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian

Services Provided : Full Service

Value for money/recommend? : Great Value For Money - Been back to different girls here many times, well worth the long drive for me.


First Something on the establishment:
I have found a few places that provide a full service for $150 an hour and most of the time you end up wishing you had paid a bit more for a better experience. Thankfully I have had several return visits to Jessie's sweethearts in Midvale and been completely satisfied. The 3-4 different girls I have visited there so far have all been stunning, one girl was a uni student who was only there for a week or two and will return part time, I think she will get a special review later 
Saying that there was 1 slightly older lady there who I thought was just taking calls but tried to lead me into a session with her, dodged that and saw a 10/10 instead. The older lady was still decent looking but not of the amazing grade I have seen from them previously. The massage palour is an office building that's been decorated quickly to look massage like. The rooms are private offices with the windows covered up, comfortable enough and private. Sadly the shower is shared and you walk past view of the front door to get their :|
Sound does carry though, so you can hear reception quite loudly from bed, and I'm sure I've made reception hear the girls moan many a time 

Onto the girl for this review:
Jilli is fairly tall for a young Asian woman, slender, long dark hair and was shaved down below. She has amazing boobs, busty and firm D's if not DD's 
She was very welcoming and as soon as we sorted out money and closed the door she was hugging and rubbing herself on me, she motioned for me to undress and she did the same.

Jilli started playing with and rubbing up against my dick for a while and licked my balls, then lead me to the bed.
I asked if she was ok with me fucking her twice and she agreed, she wanted to get the first one out the way straight up to make sure I could have round two. She started with amazing head and soon climbed aboard for cowgirl, again I have to say she has some very impressive tits, which she loved to shove in my face. After a while of cow girl I moved her into doggie and pounded away until I came.

She then cleaned me up and started on great massage, she was very good and made sure to rub those amazing boobs all over me, whilst I let my hands roam 

Following a great massage she rolled me over and teased me before playing with my balls and giving another CBJ. Soon she was back for more cow girl and some other positions.

Once it was all over she cleaned me up again and we got to talking as I dressed, still stroking her great rack. She said she enjoyed herself and wrote down her own mobile number so I could see her without going through the palour. I will definatley give her a call and see her again.


Overall it was a great service, Jilli has an amazing body and her massage is pretty decent. She used a little more lube than I would have liked, but it was pretty late, so probably was feeling rough. Sadly this meant she felt a bit loose, but was still great sex.

I would definatley recommend her and a few of the other girls there, I would probably ask to see them all before you go in, in case there is a less attractive girl there, have seen one hanging around out back.

I make the long trip to midvale every now and then and have not been disappointed yet.

Thanks for reading

Calais V8


Floor: #2
Post Time: 25th August 2013, 07:54 PM
Poster ID: Calais V8
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
PS. Guys they do have a posting on Beautiful Companions but I don't think it has been updated in a while. I have not seen or heard of the girls listed.

Best to ask for a list of the girls when you call, they have been happy to give me the names and description on the phone so far.

Cheers

Calais V8


