Thread Title: La Cherie - 5 Aberdeen St, East Perth - 08 9325 5777
Floor: #1
Post Time: 9th June 2013, 04:07 PM
Poster ID: Koala77
Post Title: 
 La Cherie - 5 Aberdeen St, East Perth - 08 9325 5777
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : cindy

Establishment : La Cherie
                       5 Aberdeen st, East Perth
                       93255777

Date of Visit: 29/04/13

Hours of Business : 10am until late

Rates : F/S from $140/15 min to $260/60min (I paid $170 for 30 mins)

Age : 28 and I wouldn't disagree

Size/shape : c cup, toned

Nationality or Ethnicity: Australian

Services Provided : massage, F/S

Value for Money/recommend: Yes

My Experience:  had time to kill so thought I would check out this establishment. When I phoned I was told there was one girl on but several more due on in 30 minutes. I left it an hour but there was still only one girl on, however it was Cindy, who wore a short black dress which made her blonder hair and blue eyes shine. I opted for 30 minutes and was taken to a room. I showered and waited for Cindy's return. 

Cindy undressed and had a great body, nice C cup breasts and firm thighs. She started with a massage and body slide on my back which was very relaxing. Rolling over I was treated to a great BJ, lots of looking up with those big blue eyes and teasing. Getting close to a climax she climbed on top and slowed things down letting me slide my hands over her body and feeling those great breasts. After a little while we swapped to missionary with her legs wrapped tight around me. Some great sound effects helped me finish off. Chatted for a while before a quick shower and departure.

well worth a visit and will be back for more.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 24th January 2014, 08:35 AM
Poster ID: alpha_beta
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : I've forgotten 

Establishment : La Cherie

Date of Visit : 12 Jan 14

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 

Hours of Business : unsure. 10am open

Rates : $280ph, or $320 for the deluxe package 

Age : 20

,Size/shape : 6ft, skinny, a cup boobs, short pixie hair

Nationality or Ethnicity : irish

Services Provided : CBJ, FS, DATY,

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

Met this lovely irish lass as she was the only girl available when I got there at 11am. She has certain appeal about her but isn't your conventional sexy. 

Once in the room we played with each other before I went for some daty. She sounded like she came after a while so I kept going to make sure but she pulled my head away saying it was to much to keep going. I with the dom and then the best cbj I've ever had. The girl has vacuum lungs! Every upwards suck was accompanied with loads of added suction that eased on the downward, incredible!  She then hoped on for some girl on top before I flipped her for some doggy. Came and then she gave an okay massage for a while whilst we chatted and laughed. On with the dom for round two but I didn't make the buzzer for my hour. She then said I should finish myself off as I'd get there before they cone knocking. I took the opportunity before she asked ifi wanted to cum on her! U mmmmm yes,  so one week aimed shot across her neck and I was done. Nice girl,  great time had,  bit of filth about her. Downsides , no DFK and I found she bucked a little of rhythm some times which was prob her trying too hard.  For perth this wasa good punt as it is a pricy place and you will not get Sydney prices.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 8th July 2019, 10:37 AM
Poster ID: Blimpy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
This establishment is now closed.


