Thread Title: Langtrees - 71 Burswood Rd, Burswood - 08 9473 8933
Floor: #1
Post Time: 3rd April 2011, 09:53 PM
Poster ID: diamond dog
Post Title: 
 Langtrees - 71 Burswood Rd, Burswood - 08 9473 8933
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name:Chanel

Establishment: Langtrees Perth

Date of Visit: 26 Mar 2011

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: Langtrees.com

Hours of Business: evening

Rates:$350

Age: 23

Size/shape: slim

Nationality or Ethnicity: African

Services Provided: GFE

Value for money/recommend?:yes

Photo is not correct as it shows a Polynesian type body but Mel is a pretty African with a nice natural D or DD bust. She gave me a very passionate gfe and I was pleasantly surprised how good her body was, she is quite dark.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 4th April 2011, 08:25 PM
Poster ID: diamond dog
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Sorry Guys a typo on the name - the name is "Chanel"


Floor: #3
Post Time: 4th April 2011, 08:27 PM
Poster ID: Chalk010
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Done ...........


Floor: #4
Post Time: 11th May 2011, 08:01 PM
Poster ID: braviax40
Post Title: 
 Hot hot hot!!
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name:Bonnie

Establishment : Langtrees Perth

Date of Visit: 10/5/11

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: http://www.langtrees.com/Bonnie

Hours of Business: tues: 12pm-8pm, Thurs 12pm-8pm

Rates: $200 Half hr $350 hr

Age:20

Size/shape:6

Nationality or Ethnicity:Caucasian

Services Provided: Full service (massage,mutual french,sex)

Value for money/recommend?: YES YES!!

My experience/comments: I had an amazing time with Bonnie on Tuesday. She is very friendly but passionate when it comes to the business side of things...A real treasure and a must to see 

Bonnie has a friendly personality and quite genuine in her interactions...her smile is to die for too if you get her to laugh. After the shower she came back in and did a slow strip for me at no extra charge .. She offers mild S&M which i wasn't interested in but I'm sure she'd be great at that if that's your thing.
Covered oral was AMAZING...could have just stuck with that but decided to have the whole lot .....various postions led to me reaching heaven right on my hr limit. She's not a clock watcher though and went a little over with conversation....great GREAT time ...


Floor: #5
Post Time: 6th June 2011, 04:39 PM
Poster ID: svengali
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Lillian

Establishment : Langtrees

Date of Visit: 6pm on Friday 3 May but she works irregular hours so check with reception first if you want to see her. It is a good idea to book her in advance anyway as she doesn't spend a lot of time in the lounge

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: 71 Burswood Road, Burswood W.A. not far from the casino. There is not much parking in front of the place but plenty in the surrounding streets. Phone No. is 94738999

Hours of Business: 7/24

Rates: Cost of my one hour visit was $350 but that has now gone up to $400

Age: 24

Nationality or Ethnicity: I didn't ask but would guess Malay/Chinese or possibly Korean

My experience/comments: I had been meaning to see Lillian for some time but it was only this week that the planets ( also known as our work schedules) aligned to allow me to organise a booking.

I arrived at Langtrees a bit early but the receptionist assured me Lillian was on her way and settled me in the lounge with a drink. A few minutes later she brought Lillian over to make the intro. First impressions are important and this was one of the best. Petite, perfectly proportioned figure, a dark green miniskirt showing off long shapely legs a bright welcoming smile and, of course, the trademark long black hair.

After a handshake followed by a hug we sat down and chatted for a few minutes. Her English is pretty well perfect with only a sexy hint of an accent and she is smart with a wicked sense of humour. Take her to a party and you would have all the guys drooling with envy and all the girls sharpening their claws.

In bed Lillian really lights up. She is playful, enthusiastic and wouldn't know an inhibition if she fell over one. Naked, she is every Asian lovers dream, slim and petite with flawless skin the colour of pale honey and a fully waxed playground. Her breasts are small - probably A's- but perfectly formed and very sensitive.

Lillian had no restrictions on kissing and responded eagerly and willingly, bringing a wide range of talents to the table. I don't think an hour was long enough to explore all the possibilities as she clearly has an almost bottomless bag of tricks waiting to be discovered. D.A.T.Y. rates a special mention - not just allowed but enthusiastically enjoyed and encouraged and repaid with a superb C.B.J. I have to say that this part was a highlight and, without doubt, right up there with the best I have ever experienced. She should carry a warning label - "Beware: Highly Addictive". For the rest you will have to use your imaginations or, better still, do yourselves a favour and take the plunge. You won't regret it

Afterwards I experienced a short version of her legendary massage (it had to be short as the clock was ticking) and she definitely knows what she is doing.

To sum up, sometimes, when a lady has a lot of positive reviews the reality doesn't always measure up. Lillian is the opposite. The review and her pics do not do her justice. In the Svengali star gallery Lillian rates right up there with the best and, as Arnie said, "I'll be back".

If you want to book Lillian you can check her roster here:

Langtrees.com

Advance booking is definitely advisable as Lillian does not last long in the lounge. Treat her with respect as she is someone special and a rare gem in the industry.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 8th May 2012, 11:51 AM
Poster ID: jpo
Post Title: 
 Langtrees - Chase
				
Post Content: 
Popped into Langtrees for the first time in years - one girl available, Chase. Aussie, mid 20's brunette, and very attractive. Had a quick chat and off to the room. Typical parlour stuff, CBJ very good - almost DT, and some enthusiastic horizontal folk dancing. DFK and very girl next door experience. Really nice girl to chat to, would recommend and would go back to see her.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 17th May 2012, 10:30 PM
Poster ID: lone road
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
It must have been late in the afternoon, evening Langtrees have nearly 20 ladies, I know because work there on the IT you ill find website keeps you pretty up to date with Who is on now.


Floor: #8
Post Time: 27th June 2012, 08:03 PM
Poster ID: maryanne
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
We welcome reviews, good or bad at Langtrees. We operate differently than most brothels across Australia and find we are probably the busiest with a high returning regular clientele so must get it right most of the time. What is important about these forums is looking at yourself through someone else's eyes. It would be impossible to satisfy 100% of guests 100% of the time but I think we would go close to 95%.The biggest bitch i see pout there is that a lot of clients think langtrees is too expensive. We charge $400 per hour and you have to pay in the evenings before you meet the ladies.New client we are happy to give a quick tour. 
Why?
Because we operate a lounge intro...you come to Langtrees and are our guest before and after your appointment. We serve refreshments breakfast for the very late arrivals, and your time doesn't start until you have found a lady you like. Time is pretty strict because evenings we are busy with over 25 ladies on. After your appointment you can have a coffee a beer and wind down before going home, so one hour with a lady can be three to four hours entertainment.


Floor: #9
Post Time: 28th September 2013, 01:28 AM
Poster ID: LCA
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Maryanne, may I ask how one hour payment can be three to four hours of entertainment? I dont think so. Before, you guys were taking only $50 out of the money that is paid in advance, for supposedly the drinks that are served. I normally just ask for a coke and I always get a coke without gas. Pepsi from a pepsi bottle actually. So, paying $50 for a small glass of pepsi if I didn't make a booking is a tad expensive, if you ask me. Now, you changed the rule. You guys want to keep half of the money for the next booking. What if I'm not comfortable keeping the voucher in my wallet or anywhere else, worrying my partner may find it?

I doubt it will be three hours of entertainment because you guys always put pressure to choose a girl real quick after fifteen minutes. Besides, the girls these days just come and say hello. Within a couple of minutes, they ask you if you want to go in a booking immediately. If the answer is no, they just leave you alone. 

I was a regular at Langtrees in the year 2003-2005! I remember I paid $800 for laticia james (now working private on private girls) and still had a ball. Jasmine was a nice asian girl too. Holly, the girl you sacked, was hot too. You sacked her in front of me on one night - I remember it well. But, anyway, the quality of the girls have gone down too. I'm sorry - I hope you still stand with what you said in your above post. You welcome both positive and negative feedback 

Just my two cents. $400 and no kissing? Last time, a girl asked me $50 extra if I wanted to touch her boobs. Obviously, I left the premises and not very keen to visit again!

It's good for tourists, I guess. But there are better deals out there.


