Thread Title: Mackenzie's of Perth - 159 Great Eastern Hwy, Belmont - 08 9477 2140
Floor: #1
Post Time: 3rd November 2011, 10:59 PM
Poster ID: Bibimbap
Post Title: 
 Mackenzie's of Perth - 159 Great Eastern Hwy, Belmont - 08 9477 2140
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name :  Lola

Establishment :  Mc Kenzies

Date of Visit :  early November 2011

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 159 Great Eastern Highway, Belmont.  http://www.mackenzies.com.au/

Hours of Business :   

Rates :  $180/45mins for RnT

Age :  mid to late 20s

Size/shape :  size 14

Nationality or Ethnicity :  Carribean Black

Services Provided :  RnT, mild body slide

Value for money/recommend? :Average (over priced)  

My experience/comments : (Here you must give at least a general description of the experience which you have had - 25 word minimum is required to give fellow members an idea of time spent - "Ill be back" or "good value" is not a sentence or review. )
Lola is a relatively attractive short Carribean girl.  She is busty D or DD. Friendly enough.  Service started when she insisted I had to take the more expensive $180 option even though I only had 30minutes of time.   
In the room, she started running through all these "extras" for a RnT.  like extras for touching her boobs (I thought I already paid $180!!)
massage was average. Slightly firm, but no real technique.
I spent 80% of the time face down. 
She did tickle my balls several times.
Limited body slide.

I get way better service from Ingrid or Kayla at Body Heat for much less price... and for $180, at least let us touch your tits mate!

Disappointed.... and will never go to Mc kenzies again.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 19th November 2011, 11:26 AM
Poster ID: nverg
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Couldn't agree more except to say your assessment of Lola as size 14 is generous. This girl is FAT and with her attitude an lack of skills should pack up and go home.

Ps. She is also a faker as the photoed she puts up as advertisement of a pretty thin dark girl are not her, and frankly girls doing fake ads are the biggest time wasters in this industry.
Plus she ain't carrbean shes Ethiopian, this girl can't speak the truth in a fit.
should be given a big big miss.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 21st November 2011, 03:49 PM
Poster ID: osharka
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I too tried the "sensual massage" service at Mackenzies a couple of months ago.  Nice waiting lounge and nice, spacious rooms here.

First time went in without a booking and saw an Irish girl.  Paid for the 45 minute option which is supposed to have a number of inclusions, particularly body slides, but she kept most of her clothes on; I asked "what about body slide" and she replied "oh, I didn't think you'd want it".  Huh?  So then she took her top off and rubbed her tits on me for a few seconds, that was it.  Massage was ordinary, service rushed, time cut short.  She might be OK for a full service, but I would never book a massage with this lady again.

I don't know why, but I went back a couple of weeks later - this time I booked Scarlett whose profile says she specialises in the massage service.  I was a bit surprised when making the booking that the receptionist said "we have a lady today who specialises in massage, it's all she does - are you sure you wouldn't like to see her instead?" but I said no because I didn't want a completely unknown quantity.  Scarlett was much, much better - pretty, personable, and did everything that was promised, and was scrupulous about giving the full amount of time.  

That said, I still think the massage is better at Body Heat (and cheaper too).  YMMV.


