Floor: #1
Post Time: 25th January 2012, 04:39 PM
Poster ID: pag80
Post Title: 
 Miss Ella Bella - 16/7 Delage St, Joondalup - 08 9301 2356
				
Post Content: 
Woke up one morning a few weeks ago had a hard on for an asian girl so later that afternoon i drove to Miss Ella Bella (joondalup) 4 girls working, 3 where young 1 was a bit older. I chose the older one "Suki" needless to say she was quite the horny little thing, Massage,BBBJ,69, DATY. English was average but sex was great, went back a week later to see her but she was headed back to china for a month then back to aus again.
Will be going back to miss ella bella when suki returns.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 16th October 2012, 11:48 PM
Poster ID: Ahpv
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Not a bad establishment. I was made to feel welcome. The girls are quite young. The youngest there was 19, the oldest 26. All were not rushed, clean, and very accommodating. Their hours of operation can be a bit arb, so it's a good idea to phone ahead and check.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 23rd January 2013, 12:25 AM
Poster ID: dick
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I tried Nancy
at Ella Bellas
who was a tall hot thai girl with a great body, sex was ok but quite mechanical with a luke warm personality which seemed to warm up at the end of the session , She gave a good massage ( it was an hour booking) 

problem was she was so hot in the body department I came in about 5mins !!!!!!!!!!! of missionary


Floor: #4
Post Time: 10th April 2015, 07:41 AM
Poster ID: Byron
Post Title: 
 Cindy, Miss Ella Bella Joondalup WA - (08) 9301 2356
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Cindy

Establishment : miss Ella bella

Date of Visit : 19/03/15

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :  16/7 Delage St Joodalup WA (08) 9301 2356 Perth Brothel & Escort Service

Hours of Business : 10am - 2am

Rates : $130 half hour

Age : early 20's

Size/shape : size6-8 hot body!!!

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian

Services Provided : cbj & fs

Value for money/recommend? : yes

My experience/comments : 

Over in Joondalup for work a few weeks ago, decided to head to miss Ella bella as it was close to my hotel and the reviews made for a safe bet rather than trying to contact a PWL at short notice. I find the unit and head upstairs, ring bell and greeted by an older Australian women, a bit of small talk and invited to sit down while she got the available girls, it was 8:30 at night but appeared very quiet and I got the feeling i was the only punter there.

Out come the girls one by one, 3 girls in total. I chose the first girl Cindy, smoking hot body, nice tits which were visible through a see through top (C cups?), very pretty face also which is rare. I must say all 3 were very attractive and the 3rd girl Yoko looked like she'd give a great service, looked cheeky.

Head into the room with Cindy, not the greatest rooms but ok, she leaves the room with the $ while I shower, comes back in a few minutes later and proceeds to give a light tease over my body with her hands and breasts, I am very pleased with the sight of this women, easily the hottest Asian I've had! She gets me harder than tungsten then on with the hat and gives a very nice cbj which again was a delight with her pretty face. She then suggests I get on top but decline as I was buggered from jet lag and work that day, so she jumps on but is careful not to take the full length, small waste and tiny pussy made my cock look massive. She takes it easy for a while before I pull her down onto it and give a few deep thrusts, she lets out a shriek and moans, I then just flipped her off, put her legs up over my shoulders and pounded home which had her moaning. I unloaded in the dom and on top of my day was spent, she gave me a shoulder massage for a few minutes with some broken chit chat before I got in the shower again and left.
Service could have been a bit more enthusiastic but in saying  that I was very tired and flat myself, a beautiful girl though and still etched in my mind.

the establishment is very accomodating with nice staff, a good experience and would go back if ever in the area again, pity I was so tired, might have gone round 2 with Yoko or maybe even enquired about a double.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 24th April 2015, 10:27 AM
Poster ID: j4k50n
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Cindy

Establishment : miss Ella bella

Date of Visit : 23/04/15

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 16/7 Delage St Joodalup WA (08) 9301 2356 Perth Brothel & Escort Service

Hours of Business : 10am - 2am

Rates : $130 half hour

Age : early 20's

Size/shape : size6-8 hot body (Looks like a 23 yo body), but as I see the face closely later, she looked a bit older and had make up to cover her wrinkle. 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian

Services Provided : cbj & fs

Value for money/recommend? : No, not really.

My experience/comments : 

As always I should have gone with my instinct. 
There was 3 girls, she was probably the youngest, there was 2 more. 
At that time I was looking for someone with hot body and petite.
She was the first in line, her body is good but seems like less energy. 
Second lady was maybe size 12? good body but a bit meaty. She is Caucasian and every friendly and energetic.
Last one was another asian, dont even bother. Not so good looking and the least energetic.

I was gonna go for the second one as I know the service was gonna be the best, but as I said, I was coming in with the intention to get someone hot, so the first one was the hottest.

So I started showering as she asked me too. Showered already, but still he asked so just do it.
I found out she got korean features and she confirmed. Her english is not good, I'm not allow to kiss, DATY or finger. So just plain vanilla.
I was sort of half expecting that, so I guess it wasnt too bad. She cant massage, but she does a bit of body rub (Without oil) and some licking.

Then she went and did CBJ, wasnt the best, but decent. Got me hard and then I went on top to start the FS.
One thing I like about her is that I think her feeling about the sex is real. So she really tries to enjoy it and she didnt go extreme on the moan, in fact he didnt moan much. But she closed her eyes and had heavy breathing.
But she is damnn strict on time, then the alarm rings, she was like "Yep times up" and I was thinking is she really gonna stop before I cum?
Then I told her I was cumming. I didnt, but just had to smash it through and blow it inside. FYI 30 min start as soon as I got in the room.
And she took her time with coming back so wtf right.

Any way, good body, service I would say this is bad.

So dont get her I think unless u r looking for a better body.

Hope it helps


