Thread Title: Secrets Theraputic Studio - 1389 Albany Hwy, Cannington - 08 9356 8977
Floor: #1
Post Time: 17th March 2011, 05:45 AM
Poster ID: b.b
Post Title: 
 Secrets Theraputic Studio - 1389 Albany Hwy, Cannington - 08 9356 8977
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name:Boo

Establishment :Secrets Massage cannington, WA

Date of Visit:1/3/11

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: Opposite Carousel Shopping Centre, (08) 9356 8977

Hours of Business: 10am, til late, 
Rates: 200 hour

Age: 20

Size/shape:Very Petite

Nationality or Ethnicity:Chinese

Services Provided: kissing, hj, cbj, full service

Value for money/recommend?: yes

My experience/comments: Had a great attitude and was really into it which can be rare in some cases. Did not rush and allowed good touching. Facilities were good as showers were private and rooms tidy. Left a tip and will be back.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 10th May 2011, 07:15 PM
Poster ID: hal069
Post Title: 
 Julie @ 1389 Secrets Massage, Cannington, WA
				
Post Content: 
Her Name: Julie

Establishment : 1389  Secrets, Cannington, WA

Date of Visit: 10/5/2011

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: 08 9356 8977

Hours of Business: Not sure, but I would guess 10am - early morning.

Rate: $200 / hr

Age:  22

Size/shape/appearance:  About size 6, 36C (natural), incredible body, beautiful face

Nationality:  Korean

Services Provided:  Full Service

Value for money/recommend?:  Very highly recommended

My experience/comments: When I arrived at Secrets I was introduced to 5 girls, I would have taken any one of them, very high standard, all Asian. However, one lady stood out with her welcoming smile and the girl next door look (that I am a sucker for). Julie took me to a room which had a shower in the corner. When she took off her clothes I couldnt believe how perfect her body was and that her wholesome breasts were natural. She gave me a nice massage and then turned me over, fitted a condom and started to give me a very nice blowjob. Her English was basic but we muddled through a few pleasant comments to each other. She was a very nice, sexy girl. She then climbed on top and was quickly riding me like a rodeo champion, it was as if she hadnt had sex for a looooong time. I honestly believe she was enjoying it as much as I was, it was amazing. I could tell from the tension in her body that she nearly came a couple of times. I am quite well endowed which is a definate advantage on the Australian "swinging" scene, but can be a disadvantage with some Asian woman (which I have a weakness for ...) who cant take it, so, I have to take it easy which is not my style and detracts from the whole experience. However, Julie seemed to really enjoy it. Anyway, we then went doggy. Now ...... I am an experienced punter, very experienced, but pounding her beautiful body from behind was driving her so crazy I came in half the time that I usually do, even after pausing a few of times to try to slow things down. I am not sure if she actually fully readhed orgasm, if not she was very close most of the time. But the fun didnt end there. We then layed on the bed talking and stroking whilst she wiped the sweat of my face. I made her laugh a few times and she became very affectionate. We had some very nice tight cuddles and kisses before time was up. She is only in Perth for another week or so but I will definately be returning to see her before she leaves. I would highly recommend her, she is incredibly beautiful with the perfect body and a great attitude. Most guys could only dream of having sex with a woman like this ........ if they only knew! What more can one ask for ...... ?


Floor: #3
Post Time: 9th November 2011, 06:08 PM
Poster ID: boi438
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I've visited this place on 2 occassions. The first time, there was 5 or 6 good looking asian women to choose from. On my second visit, I had to wait like 15 minutes for the only girl who was available.

So, I don't really know what to say. Based on my first experience, I would highly recommend it. Based on my second, probably not.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 16th March 2013, 06:52 PM
Poster ID: dick
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
checked out this place twice lately, normally a few girls to choose from no stunners that i could see, and they charge a bit more than standard

Both girls I had were korean 
first girl was ok but I was her first ever customer and she was certainly green to the industry but had definitly been fucked before. I had a good time, she looked a bit worn out at the end 

Second girl was not new, and 15 minutes into a half hour booking her alarm went off as i was giving her a good pounding in mish (what the Fuck ) 
she said it was shower time and i said not likly and showed her my watch and said i dont want a shower keep going 

that just fucked the whole mood (and she wasnt very attractive anyway)

so I said I hvnt come yet, im not going until its time , hand job please which she complained about but obliged

 she keep winging and moaning while she was pulling me off, finally got over the line,  I left angry and frustrated there must be something better around ????????????? this was my 3 dud punt in a row


Floor: #5
Post Time: 10th December 2013, 12:20 PM
Poster ID: ahong
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I've been driving pass this place and it looks liked its closed. can anyone advised if it's been closed down?


Floor: #6
Post Time: 11th December 2013, 07:13 PM
Poster ID: Rb34GTR
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Yes this place has closed down
I think someone mentioned it was due to complaints by neighbours?


