Thread Title: The Red House - 143 Hay St, Kalgoorlie - 0488 220 061
Floor: #1
Post Time: 3rd May 2013, 05:34 PM
Poster ID: Hot_kp
Post Title: 
 The Red House - 143 Hay St, Kalgoorlie - 0488 220 061
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Summer

Establishment : The Red House

Contact Details/Address: Hay st Kalgoorlie 0488 220 061
http://www.theredhouse.com.au/

Hours of Business :  till late

Date of visit : 2nd May 2013

Rates : $200 per 1/2 hr, $250 for 45 minutes and $300/hr

Age : Late 20's

Size/shape : size 14 B cup boobs blond and bubbly

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : CBJ and a supposed FS that didn't happen

Value for money: Unfortunately NO

My experience/comments :  my normal haunt in Kal is Langtrees but it was closed for some reason so I ducked in to the red house. Only one girl on and I went with 45 minutes thinking this would be plenty of time. Summer is a very curvascious young lady and loves to chat as I found out. I'm generally fairly passive in a girls room. Her room her rules but in this case I wish I'd been more pro active. She started with a fairly lackluster topless massage (yes - not naked) and never stopped talking. She also had a "privacy" towel between me and her during the entire massage. 20 minutes of that and I rolled over. She slipped her panties off and when I tried to explore she noticeably backed away and let me know she is very sensitive from "too much" stimulation today. She grabbed little kp in a strangle hold that would have chocked a sumo wrestler and proceeded to slap him around to make him stand up and pay attention. Half flacid she put on the Dom like someone putting an elastic band around a newspaper. Almost painful really. She then proceeded to do a Porn star CBJ. And all the good bits where well out of reach. And she never stopped talking. With around 10minutes to go she flopped on her tummy and I'm thinking - doggy? But no. She wants a back rub and she tells me how to do it. Finally the inevitable door knock came and she turns around and says - how long do I want to extend for? I'm like - wtf? No I don't want to extend. Had she even half bothered to provide the service I paid for I may have been tempted but she barely got a rise out of me in 45 minutes so why would I extend? I just got up and proceeded to get dressed. She was a bit dumbstruck and realized that something had gone wrong and grabbed me asking if I could come in a couple of minutes. I said no and just walked somewhat disappointed. No I didn't complain, no I didn't ask for my money back and no I will not go back. 

To be fair to the girl, I've been a punter for over 30 yrs and I know it takes two to tango. It was late (midnite), she and I where probably a tad tired. We just didn't click. YMMV.


