Floor: #1
Post Time: 3rd March 2012, 08:57 PM
Poster ID: Jack Kerouac
Post Title: 
 2/7 Cleeve Cl, Mt Druitt
				
Post Content: 
Hi All,

Chinese Massage
2/7 Cleeve Close
Mt Druitt. (Sorry folks I was too frightened to get the phone number!)

This is a review about Sophie.

It was with much trepidation that I and my nephew Efrem Zimbalist Farquar entered the world that is Mt Druitt. 

If this is God's country I am in big trouble when I arrive at that other joint that fear prevents me from writing or thinking about. I worry and suspect that hell will be the final destination in my life's journey and the end point of my eternal itinerary.

We parked not far from Mt Druitt station in front of a house with a big African woman in her front yard who would scare the likes of Mike Tyson out of town. Running around the yard was her little boy, naked as a jay-bird, with his butt exposed and tiny tee-tee flapping in the breeze.

I could see Farquar was nervous and the following conversation ensued:

Jack: You look like a guy who fears someone will take a hammer to his ute while he's away.

Farquar: Yep. That's it. I can visualize it turning into scrap iron.

Jack: Don't worry. All is well. (I don't believe a word I am saying.)

Farquar: Yeah and when that ute becomes a pile of shit YOU won't have to explain it to anyone.

Anyway, we made our way into downtown Mt. Druitt. Folks, if they ever want to hold the 1st International White Trash Convention this is the place to do it. If you think white people are the master race just go here and your ideology will require a profound revision.

The blokes in this part of the world seem split into two groups. The first group looks like they just escaped from the detox centre and forgot to take their methadone with them. The second lot looked like they were on their way to the cop shop to 'assist the police with their enquiries'. If this was in the US they'd all have their names and photos in the post office as being 'Most Wanted'. The chief occupation of both these two lots of stooges seems to be mooching 'spare change' from terrified characters like me a Farquar.

Likewise, the ladies are not a pretty picture. Most seemed to be pushing prams with cigarettes dangling from their lips and ice creams melting in one of their mitts. They looked about 30 kilos overweight and enormous pot bellies seemed the contemporary fashion statement in this neck of the woods. They all seemed to have a big brood with them and the message was "Hey, ain't I smart having 8 kids before I was 18?" 

Finally, everybody seemed to have at least one front tooth missing.

We finally found the place and Farquar still had that 'my ute's being fucked up' look.

We made our way up a flight of stairs, past a solicitor's office, and knocked on the door of this place. From behind  the door I could hear the sound of a couple of locks being  turned and the door opened to a crack and the words " What do you want?" and Farquar saying, "A massage". 

Once inside I saw the place wasn't too bad. There were a few wet spots on the ceiling where some water damage had occurred, but it was clean and smelled ok.

I let Farquar have first choice and he took the lady who opened the door. I think she was the owner and her name was Feng. I had to wait for mine to be available in about 5 min.

When she did arrive I saw she was not as cute as Feng. She looked mid 30's, plain face, slim, probably A+ cups.

She led me into the room and while it was Spartan, t appeared clean. As I undressed the following conversation ensued:

Jack: Hi, I am Jack and what is your name?
Sophie: Suki.
Jack: Hi Suki.
Sophie: No, not Suki. Suki.
Jack: Oh, Suki.
Sophie: Not Suki. Like Sukia.
Jack: Oh Sophie!
Sophie: Yes Suki!

Needless to say, we did not discuss the stock market or what Descartes really meant when he said "I think, therefore I exist". Instead I lay on the table and received a functional, if not, rather ordinary massage.

Suki, I mean Sophie, was nice. I couldn't understand a single word she said, but did enjoy listening to her say them.

At roll over time I negotiate 'extras' that you can discuss with her if you ever seen her.

She was nice. She seems to work in parlours all over the place and knows her way around a man's body when she want to. I think she would get better each time you see her and I feel she is not used to men being very polite or gentle with her and responded well to my treating her with respect.

After we finished Farquar wanted to sprint back to his ute and yes he found it in one piece.

Farewell Mt Druitt. Farewell white trash and farewell sweet Suki.

Jack


Floor: #2
Post Time: 4th March 2012, 10:39 AM
Poster ID: FriarFuck
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Was this just an experiment in places that are best seen from 10.000ft up in business class?


Floor: #3
Post Time: 4th March 2012, 12:39 PM
Poster ID: Jack Kerouac
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
You got it right first time!

Jack


Floor: #4
Post Time: 4th March 2012, 03:37 PM
Poster ID: Licker
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by Jack Kerouac


what Descartes really meant when he said "I think, therefore I exist
"""



"The phrase became a fundamental element of Western philosophy, as it was perceived to form a foundation for all knowledge. While other knowledge could be a figment of imagination, deception or mistake, the very act of doubting one's own existence serves to some people as proof of the reality of one's own existence, or at least that of one's thought."

Are you sure you didn't just wake up to find oneself to be a butterfly who had just dreamed of being a man and having a massage in White Trash Borough? 
In such case I can recommend the Butterfly Relaxation Centre at Dee Why 

Or was this the case that you were not thinking and therefore ended up in Mt Druitt, which might have ended your existence?


Anyway, thanks for taking one for the team Jack!  (Or two actually)

I have never been to Mt Druitt. It's never been on my places to see list. And now never will be.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 4th March 2012, 05:13 PM
Poster ID: Jack Kerouac
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I didn't think and almost stopped existing.

Jack


Floor: #6
Post Time: 26th June 2013, 05:49 PM
Poster ID: mytruk
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
its a dive of a joint..very sleazy place..steer clear


Floor: #7
Post Time: 6th August 2013, 10:41 AM
Poster ID: pale_enchanter
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name :    Didn't get her name  (  chubby faced  with  slight gap between teeth )

Establishment :  chinese massage 

Date of Visit : 29 july 2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :  2/7 cleeve close mt druitt

Hours of Business :  not sure  i visited around 11 a.m.

Rates :  $30 half hour massage , was offered $20  for hj   , $30 hj and clothes off.    Negiotated $30  for cbj .

Age :  mid 30's  at a guess

Size/shape :  around size 16 to 18  

Nationality or Ethnicity :  chinese

Services Provided :  masage  cbf

Value for money/recommend? :  yes

My experience/comments :

Decided to venture to this local establishment  had never really read anything good about the place  but as they  say nothing ventured nothing gained.   The entrance  is a door leading upstairs   just follow  all the way to the end  past a solicitors office  . it will be the last door on your left  but there is a chinese massage sign  so  not fears of going into the wrong place.   The place  was clean not dirty but very small.  There was a main desk   with  about two to there  the best i could describe them as rooms with walls that do not go all the way down or all the way up.   I was greeted  by  a women who didnt offer a name  was chubby in the face and a slight gap between the teeth.  She was friendly  and asked  if i wnated a massage .  replied  yes  only half an hour ( never want to stay a long time  if  first time there)  .  $30  for half an hour    so forked over the cash  and  nuded up  and got on the table .   got asked  about the hardness of the massage  and if i was sore anywhere in particular .  She gave a good massage  with some nice conversation  about   where i was from , work , age  etc.

After about 20 mins of massage  she asked me to turn over  . I didn't let my hands wander when i was face down  nor was there any accidental tackle touching .  On teh turnover  she started to massage my head for a few minutes  after that  she smiled at me and hand gestures  a happy ending  . i asked how much  she said $20  and then motioned taking off her clothes with the hj gesture  and said $30.    I umm and ahh   and  motioned  her to come closer and whispered in her ear  blowjob .  she  pulled away   and looked at my  then  had  a look at my cock   and  smiled and nodded.  i said $30  .   She agreed  and  left the room  coming back with a condom.   She lifted her top and bra over her tits  exposing a nice set of c to d sized tits  with nice dark nipples. She thrusted tem into my face  and  gave those nipples a good old sucking  and tits a good squeezing .   whilst doing this  she was stroking my cock nicely  and  put a condom on it .  she pulled away  and began to suck my cock  nice and slow.   i began groiping her ass  which was still clothed.  while sucking my cock she played with my nipples  going from one to the other.   i ventured my hand  into her pant   and  played with her ass  before  working my hand down to her pussy.   i got one finger down there and she was soaking wet  and it slid in so easily    she then   pulled her pants down more so i had easier  access   and  slid an extra finger in there  she moaned  slightly as it entered . with two fingers in there i quickened  my pace  and soon  she moaned and her body quivered   and felt that pussy tigthen around my fingers . have always loved to her the moan of an orgasm when they have a cock in their mouth.  i left my fingers in her  moving them slowly  and  concentrated   more  on the blowjob  she had quickened also  and   what was playing rubbing  of the nipples  became  more pinching  and  within minutes she had me over the line.   

 She removed  the condom and handed me  a wetwipe to clean my fingers  and  she cleaned my cock.  we had gone over by about 7 minutes  so i quickly dressed  and she  asked if it was okay which was nice. i gave her the extra $30  gave her a kiss on the cheek and bid farewell

Overall  a nice lady   she is no glamour  but very good value for money i believe   as $60  got a massage  ,a cbj and pussy tit sucking and pussy play  .   Would ventured there again  someday  maybe more  would be on the cards  but those rooms would make it hard  .


Floor: #8
Post Time: 6th August 2013, 06:39 PM
Poster ID: sparksy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Size/shape : around size 16 to 18

Fuck....she's a biggy


