Floor: #1
Post Time: 15th June 2011, 06:09 PM
Poster ID: james31
Post Title: 
 5/138 Best Rd, Seven Hills - 02 9676 1500
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Vicki

Establishment : 5/138 Best Rd Seven Hills

Date of Visit: 10/6/11

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: Ph- 96761500  or 0413965100

Hours of Business: 10am to 7pm  Seven Days 

Rates: $50ph

Age: 20

Size/shape: Size 10 nice C cup breasts

Nationality or Ethnicity: Chinese

Services Provided: Full Massage and a Tug

Value for money/recommend?: OK , nice girl average massage probably not again

My experience/comments:  This is one of a myriad of RnT places in Seven Hills and I have vowed to try them all !
Firstly the entrance is smack bang on Best rd and you are quite exposed to the road made worse by the fact that the front door is locked and you have to ring and wait for an answer, in my case there were two girls on who were both busy so there was a long wait to answer the door so if you don't like to be seen from the street this is not your place.
I was greeted at the door by quite a looker in black boots and a mini skirt but alas she was not to be my girl she was busy so I had to wait for young Vicki to finish up. Vicki is quite pleasant 20 year old student who has reasonable English (better than most) I have found in these establishments. An average face but an excellent slim body with nice full C cup tits.
Her massage was very average I asked for hard but got quite a limp massage maybe because I wanted the full one hour she was taking it easy ?  She did tend to chat a lot and I was dissapointed with the lack of tease and tickle around the arse and tackle area when I was on my stomach and when I turned over it was straight to business with the obligatory question about do you want a wank ?  I of course never being shy asked for a blow job or better still some FS but she declined saying she does not do any of that but for an extra $50 it was clothes of you can touch and she will give you a tug. 
I wanted her naked and so obliged hoping that once naked a nice play with the pussy will get her in the mood but alas the only touching was play with her arse and tits which were both quite fine. I suspect if I knew her better there might be some pussy action going and I would not discount dining at the Y in future but not on the first visit.

All in all a very average RnT with a nice girl, she tells me she just started working here on Fridays and works Saturdays around the corner at No. 1/138 which she said is a nicer premises.  I found the premises nice and tidy and clean so no complaints there, and the massage is done in a room with a door ( finally no curtains ! ) but I did wait my time out in a cubicle outside with a curtain and massage table so there is the possibility that when busy you could be stuck there.

Would I go back ? probably not to see Vicki but I wouldn't mind a stab at the girl who answered the door a very sexy looking 25-30 year old who really looks the goods. Maybe another time.

James


Floor: #2
Post Time: 31st December 2011, 07:46 PM
Poster ID: Jack Kerouac
Post Title: 
 Relaxing Massage Centre 5/138 Best St Seven Hills
				
Post Content: 
Relaxing Massage Centre
5/138 Best Rd.
Seven Hills
Phone: 96761500

This is a review of Rose.

As Shakespeare wrote in Romeo and Juliet:

‘What’s in a name? A rose by any other name will still smell as sweet.”

Shakespeare in a less poetic moment might have written:

“What’s in a name? A skunk by any other name would still stink to high heaven!”

This was a skunk punt, but it was not all the fault of Rose as I shall explain.

I must confess my parents had a rather dim view of Kerouac. My Dad, God rest his soul, was fond of saying that ‘Jack is a Goodtime Charlie who always arrives a day late and a dollar short”. I once heard my mother, who is still with us, say to my Aunt Nellie that “IF they were giving way free buckets of dog shit Jack would elbow his way to the front of the line to get his share!” Both of my parents would agree that I always wanted what I couldn’t have and on the rare occasion I did get what I wanted it blew up my face like an exploding cigar.

Rose was my exploding cigar. You see, she is the receptionist in this joint and I always want the receptionist. Why? Because they usually say no. Also there is a sense of my feeling I am getting service from the boss and that turns me on. Did I mention that Rose was my exploding cigar?

I went on this punt with my nephew Efrem Zimbalist Farquar. We take turns buying each other lunch. When it’s my turn I spend $50 on yum cha and the Marigold near Chinatown. Today it was Farquar’s turn and he bought me Big Mac at Maccas. No, not the meal, just the Mac.

We wondered over to this place and from the outside it has a legit feel about it. Inside we found that one cute ml was available and Farquar showed interest in her so she was his. I asked Rose ‘What about old Kerouac here?’ and she said another lady would be available in half an hour or I could have her. Yippee! I got reception!

She led me to a room right next to reception. I was surprised to see that it was big enough to play the Rugby League Grand final in and would take a month of Sundays for Black Caviar to traverse.

Rose is slim. About 170 cm. mid 30’s, ok, but’ lived in’ face and A+ cup boobies. English was good. She started by asking me how I wanted the massage and I told her by her using her hands. (She didn’t laugh.) I quickly negotiated a hand-job and her top off for $30 and began to enjoy myself until:

• Every Tom, Dick and Harry in the world came through the front door and she had to leave and talk to them.
• The phone never stopped ringing and half of the conversations were in animated Mandarin.
• After every break she forgot she put oil on me so added yet more and with the frustration I felt I was being marinated in anger.
• She forgot who I was and asked me my name several times.
• I forgot my own name and asked her several times.
• Even without the interminable breaks, her massage was ordinary at best.
• I think she also forgot ‘what’ I am as her hand-job was more like ringing the neck of a chook destined for Xmas dinner or a red and white box labeled KFC.

Farquar had a good time and extra money due to the cheap lunch he shelled out for.

As I left the establishment I saw a lovely young woman named Betty or something. She was early 20’s very pretty, low cut top with obvious c cups protruding. To add oil to the fire Rose blurted out, “You could have seen her if you were only patient!”

Where was I? Oh yes, it was a skunk punt.

Jack


Floor: #3
Post Time: 1st January 2012, 12:30 AM
Poster ID: hard
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Aahh, the Uncle Jack of old... pure gold...


Floor: #4
Post Time: 4th January 2012, 03:29 PM
Poster ID: bill_100
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Yes always pays to be patient. A receptionist with phone duties is no joke and very off-putting to say the least.

I remember the former place in 68(?) Pacific Highway, Roseville taking the receptionist as the girls had not arrived, who kept answering the phone whilst I was chock-a-block up her. I gave it away and left. Never again. Anyway It clsoed soon after.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 22nd June 2012, 09:43 AM
Poster ID: sydneyguy20122
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
5/138 Best Rd, Seven Hills - 02 9676 1500Person's Name: Sue (i think)

Establishment : 5/138 Best Rd Seven Hills

Date of Visit: 14/6/11

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: Ph- 96761500 or 0413965100

Hours of Business: 10am to 7pm 

Rates: all up $50

Age: 30-35

Size/shape: Size 12 b cup

Nationality or Ethnicity: Chinese

Services Provided: Nude Massage plus HJ

Value for money/recommend?: NO and 

My experience/comments: Bad at best poor massage, followed by a soft HJ at best, sorry but I did not have a happy endding


Floor: #6
Post Time: 2nd September 2012, 03:58 PM
Poster ID: reggid
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name: jessie

Establishment : 5/138 Best Rd Seven Hills

Date of Visit: 9/2/12 she only works sun i think

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: Ph- 96761500

Hours of Business: 10am to 7pm Seven Days

Rates: $30/30 + extras

Age: 20's

Size/shape: Size 8-10 awesome natural D cup breasts

Nationality or Ethnicity: Chinese?

Services Provided: Massage, Tug, DATY

Value for money/recommend?: OK , decent massage for this place, open to extras don't know about BJ or FS

My experience/comments: She is a pretty quiet girl and not much into chit chat has a bit of a sour look on her face but is very nice and polite when she does speak

Does a pretty good massage for this place although no soft/medium/hard option i would say it was a medium. Has an awesome set of jugs when unleashed from hiding. is happy for daty for extra and negotiates hard, i didnt ask about BJ or FS options

Would I go back ? for sure to this place  but i don't like seeing the same girl at these sorts of places unless she is exceptional.

James


Floor: #7
Post Time: 5th September 2012, 11:01 AM
Poster ID: Punterang
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : CiCi - Tuesdays and Fridays

Rates : $30/40mins + $50 BJ

Age : Mid 20s

Size/shape : Thin but with some curves

Nationality or Ethnicity : PRC

Services Provided : massage, nude, HJ, BBBJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments :
When I was shown to the room, I saw CiCi and she was quite pretty dressed in a skin hugging red dress. We talked a bit during the massage but her english is not very good. Her massage technique was without oil and iI thought it was pretty good. She whispered if I wanted extras, I said yes and turned over to her already naked. Her body was pretty good with C cups, curves and a bit of a tummy. She offerred a HJ but I asked if she did BJs to which she said yes for $50. She asked if the other girls did BBBJ and I told her that some did. She then proceeded to give a great BBBJ. She has some great talent with her tongue, able to move up and down while rotated her tongue. She let me cum on her tits and asked me to come back again.


Floor: #8
Post Time: 30th November 2012, 10:40 AM
Poster ID: maxwell
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
checked this little operation out last week. Located at quite a busy location, and stone throw away from some high school. Some dudes in a small office a few doors down seemed to always be hanging about out the front having an endless ciggie break, and knowingly checking the traffic in and out of this joint.

Anyway, rang the doorbell and was left out in the open feeling vulnerable for a few moments. Was ushered in by the mamas an and straight to the room, where i met a slim chinese girl. Name was Ci-Ci or something sounding very similar. This was the downside of this punt. Her english was very poor, and was a major hinderance in negotiations and communicating what i wanted to make the booking worthwhile for me. So pretty much everything i had to ask her to repeat twice. She was maybe a size 6, with B tithes, longish black hair and fair skin. 

She wore a tight little dress throughout and gave a very competent massage - so much so that i did not want to interrupt and get part two going. So i didnt let the hands wander or anything. On turnover, and realising that not much time was left, i decided to get some play and started the touching to let her know my intentions. Very shy at first, and then this was when the language barrier came in. All i could gather or pick up from what she said was "40". so i said ok and lets see the mileage on the 40. Well 40 meant HJ and light touching with dress off. Her undies stay on.

Overall very good massage, and i would return for the massage alone. Being able to communicate with the ML is important for me though, and i was lucky in this instance that there was a degree of mutual understanding.

Very busy shop - i could hear all the comings and goings during the massage (even though its a locked up room), and punters are made to do the wait of shame in a communal waiting room with a TV.

Max


Floor: #9
Post Time: 17th December 2012, 02:48 PM
Poster ID: maxwell
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Address: Shop 5, 138 Best Road, Seven Hills,
Phone: 9676-1500

Saw Lucy, size 10ish with maybe size D cups. Chinese and good English skills. Long hair and with a pretty sexy look. I was a bit taken back when she walked in the room, as she's probably the best looking ML i have come across in the Western suburbs. Bit of puppy fat around the stomach, and a visible C-section scar. 

She's pretty forward, and asks whether you like hard, medium or soft. i always prefer hard, and whilst massaging while youre on your stomach, she does a bit of a tickle on the side of your thighs to see how you respond. I responded by feeling her legs and thats when things proceeded. Asked me if i wanted more, and i asked how much. They dont seem to be up front with pricing here, as i seem to be getting the "how much do the other girls charge" question. Knowing the magic number is 40, i tried 30, and she says, no cant do. So 40 it was, and off with her gear, and turn over. Was happy to have wandering hands over top and bottom, and her gear stayed off for the rest of the session, unlike others where they put it back on once youve blown. Was able to fit two in the one hour session, and i give her an A for effort. Answered her phone twice during the session which i wasnt overly thrilled with, but couldnt be bothered complaining about it at the time.

Seems as though other things may be on offer, but i didnt push it further than the HJ. Says she is going on holidays over Xmas for a month, and business for her was slow that day, meaning if the right amount of $ was involved, you could probably have what you like.

Sexy girl, and i wouldnt mind making a return sometime in the future.

Max


Floor: #10
Post Time: 16th February 2013, 07:33 AM
Poster ID: lily
Post Title: 
 jacky - 5/138 best road
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jacky?

Establishment : 5/138 Best Road, Seven Hills

Date of Visit : 07/02/2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 5/138 Best Road, Seven Hills

Hours of Business : 10am till late

Rates : $50 an hour

Age : late 20's

Size/shape : C cup, slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese/Japanese

Services Provided : Massage, HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Average

My experience/comments :

5/138 Best road , went there last thursday saw a japanese girl , well she said she was japanese , couldnt understand her name .. when she was speaking to the boss lady it sounded more chinese than japanese . I asked her what languages you speak , told Japanese and English .. Great massage for one hour nice and firm , neck back and legs . Told to roll over and asked if i wanted extra $20 for Happy ending $30 to take off clothes , said i only had $40 and she took it but left the undies on , nice girl seemed to get turned on by the handjob .. would see her again but the chances of seeing the same girl are pretty rare in these places


Floor: #11
Post Time: 10th May 2013, 01:24 AM
Poster ID: 4Spices
Post Title: 
 Jessie @ Seven Hills
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jessie

Establishment : Seven Hill Chinese Massage

Date of Visit : 3/4/2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 9676 1500 - George St, Seven Hills NSW. Corner of Best road. (There are 2 Massage shops in this complex. This is the one with the entrance on George st)

Hours of Business : 10:00am - 8:00pm i think

Rates : 30mins / $30

Age : 21..ish

Size/shape : 8 ... B cup perky breasts

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : B2B / R&T

Value for money/recommend? : Yes was a decent experience

My experience/comments : Was in the Seven Hills area and was in need of a bit of treatment. After nocking on the doors of a few different shops around (who were all busy) I settled on this as their was 3 ladies working. The owner directs me up stairs into the first available room. She says she will get me a nice young girl. In walks Jessie, just like I was told, a nice looking early 20's chinese lady wearing a black skirt and white top. She asked if i would like soft, medium or hard and I opted for medium. Ok so onto the massage which was quite average. Nothing bad yet nothing amazing. It was relaxing though. After about 15 mins the TT begins and she offers HJ for 20 or B2B for 50. I opted for the B2B but got it down to 40 extra as I simply didn't have the extra cash. She then takes off her clothes leaving only a g-string on and yes she did have a nice tight body. She jumps on the table and continues a soft massage and then starts rubbing her boobs down my back and bum. She then asks me to turn over, she jumps off the table goes and gets some wet wipes and starts wiping all my fingers with them. The g-string comes off and she allows a finger to head on in whilst she doing the stroke. No noises or anything but wasn't mechanical. She was very nice and moist . After this It's not too long till i'm over the line and she cleans up. With about 2 mins to spare she finishes off with a nice leg massage. So that's it. Like I said nothing amazing but she is worth a visit. Only works wednesdays as far as i'm aware.


Floor: #12
Post Time: 27th June 2013, 12:53 PM
Poster ID: maxwell
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name: yoyo

Establishment : 5/138 Best Rd Seven Hills

Date of Visit: works wednesdays

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: Ph- 96761500

Hours of Business: 10am to 7pm Seven Days

Rates: $50 for the hour +

Age: early to mid 30's

Size/shape: Size 8-10, nice B-C's

Nationality or Ethnicity: Chinese

Services Provided: Massage, Tug

Value for money/recommend?: Yup

My experience/comments: 

As per my other review, this place is really busy. i was watching TV in the waiting room with 2 other punters. Yoyo became available and i was led upstairs into the room with the makeshift divider. She had her hair tied up, so dont know how long it was. She is quite chatty, and decent english Competent massage, and all was standard until part two. Didnt allow any wandering hands downstairs - got a stern "dont touch"... ohhhKAY. But what happened next was unexpected. She had a filthy mouth.... as in... talked absolutely dirty to me  while doing the motions and standing next to me. Was able to pull the titties out of her shirt, but thats all.

Tried to hit me up an extra 50 for the happiness, but i stood firm on 40.

Good value punt

On the way out, i spied the two other girls on, who seemed younger and more attractive - i'd like to know their names if any of you have any info, that would be great.


Floor: #13
Post Time: 27th September 2013, 11:04 AM
Poster ID: e-man88
Post Title: 
 Best Rd Massage Seven Hills
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Mel

Establishment : 5/138 Best Rd Massage

Date of Visit : 18/09/13

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 9676 1500

Hours of Business : 10am- Not sure

Rates : 60mins / 50

Age : 19-20

Size/shape : A cup, Tiny and flap but still nice

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided :  R&T, clothes off

Value for money/recommend? : I suppose

My experience/comments :
 Had the day off so I went down to get a massage. I suppose I would be approaching regular status there and have noticed there is a very high turnover of girls. What I like about this place is that it is the definition of the Punter idea. One time I've gone there intent on getting my dick sucked but after seeing the only available lady is awful have been more than happy to just get my massage and close my eyes and think of someone else whilst getting a tug (she actually had mad skills): Other times I entered with the intention of a relaxing 1/2 hour massage and the happy ending just being the bonus but after seeing the knockout I've landed end up fucking my brains out for an hour!

 This time I was in the mood for a massage and a tug and was lucky that was all I wanted because it was all I was getting from this girl. Enter Mel a very tiny chinese girl and definitely her first day. The massage was passable and she knew how to tickle my shaft before I was told to turn over. Being her first day and being early in the day she told me I was only her second client, the last one being a rather large older gentleman, and she seemed unsured of how to handle the next transition. Seeing as she was impossibly cute I asked what kind of extras she provided. She seemed confused by this and I clarified whether full service or a BJ where on the table. Unfortunately this was a no. It was $20 for the tug and another $10 for the clothes of. She was quite wet as I rubbed her pussy and she seemed to get into a little bit which was nice. I blew a big load engineered by her inexperienced hands and it was good.

Definitely a good experience for what I wanted on the day, I would definitely see her again but from what I could gauge I doubt she will be around for long

PEACE!!!


Floor: #14
Post Time: 27th September 2013, 11:37 AM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by e-man88


Person's Name : Mel
.
.  What I like about this place is that it is the definition of the Punter idea. One time I've gone there intent on getting my dick sucked but after seeing the only available lady is awful have been more than happy to just get my massage and close my eyes and think of someone else whilst getting a tug (she actually had mad skills): Other times I entered with the intention of a relaxing 1/2 hour massage and the happy ending just being the bonus but after seeing the knockout I've landed end up fucking my brains out for an hour!.
"""



You'll never be disappointed with that attitude emann-88, and you'll certainly be surprised and delighted occasionally.

Nice review.


