Thread Title: A & Cat massage - North Richmond - 4571 4016
Floor: #1
Post Time: 27th February 2017, 10:59 AM
Poster ID: copul8er
Post Title: 
 A & Cat massage - North Richmond - 4571 4016
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sorry Didn't ask


Establishment : A @ Cat Massage

Date of Visit : 22.2.17

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 1/35 Bells line of rd, North Richmond 4571 4016  Home - A & Cat Sydney Richmond Massage Centre - Asian Full Body Massage Centre

Hours of Business : 10-7

Rates : $35 half, $60 hour.

Age : Old, about 45

Size/shape : average, size 8

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese I think

Services Provided : Massage, HJ offered.

Value for money/recommend? : For just a massage. Would not bother with HJ

My experience/comments :  

I have seen this place as I am from around the area but its probably too close for comfort as its on a busy rd and near where I do shopping sometimes so I have avoided it. I was getting something done to my car in the morning and it was going to take over an hour so I thought I can go the club, have something to eat and then bore myself on a pokie which I will probably lose money on, or I can take one for the team and possibly get some good info, so obviously.....
The main entrance is right on bells line of rd, next to a florist and right in front of traffic heading up the road, up a side entrance in the alleyway so took that.
knocked, lady answered who was older and went in to a small area with bed and bits n pieces then ushered into a small room with massage table and a curtain, music playing.
Got down to my boxers as not sure yet what kind of place it is. onto the table and massage starts with some oil.
Pretty good it was to and after a while she is chatting to me while massaging. I have to say the massage was good but she was older and not great looking so I didn't want a HJ but after a while she asked if I did want a Happy ending to which I replied no thanks but maybe next time. What was good though was she continued with the massage where sometimes at other places the massage will go down hill and the girl will get the shits and just poke and run her hand over you every now and then ( don't know why they think this will coax just $20 out of me when I have offered more for an hour massage) but when it happens I don't see them again.
After half an hour I was on my way.
Overall..
Massage 7/10. Pretty good.
Ladie. 5/10 not great looking.

Considering the ladys on offer and the great massage at other places I probably would not go back unless I really had to kill an hour in the area. But to her credit the massage was great.
cheers


Floor: #2
Post Time: 1st July 2017, 02:06 PM
Poster ID: Rayo
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Kylie

Establishment : A Cat Massage North Richmond NSW

Date of Visit : Sat Jun 24 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 1/35 Bells line of rd, North Richmond 4571 4016 Home - A & Cat Sydney Richmond Massage Centre - Asian Full Body Massage Centre

Hours of Business : 10AM till 7PM 

Rates : $60 one hour + $40 Extras

Age : Mid 30's

Size/shape : Size 8, fairly toned, shaved bush

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Massage and nude hand job

Value for money/recommend? : Not for me

My experience/comments : I was at a loose end last Saturday so I decided to visit this place. It is on the main road at North Richmond next to a florist but does have a side door into the alley to the shopping centre car park. I was greeted the door by Kylie who ushered me into the first room. Walls do not go all the way up but the room has a curtain and a door as well.

Kylie asked me to take my clothes off and went to get me a glass of water. I left my undies on and sat on the table and waited for her to return. When she came back in Kylie got me to lie face down and asked if I wanted oil. I said Yes. Before she got too far into the massage Kylie removed mu undies and threw them over near my clothes. She started a reasonable massage on my shoulders and neck and did have strong hands as I had to ask her to back off the pressure a bit. She moved down to my back and again used a fair bit of pressure on my lower back before massaging my bum cheeks, which I really enjoy and worked her way down to my thighs and as she massaged my thighs her hands kept sliding underneath for a bit of tackle tickle. She then worked on my calves and feet and asked me to turn over.

On the turn over she could see that I was getting fairly hard and asked me if I wanted extras. I asked what is available and how much. She quoted ridiculous prices for HJ, BBBj and FS so I declined and immediately she dropped her prices substantially. She obviously thought I was inexperienced. By this time she was already removing her clothes. not a bad body . small and slightly saggy titties and what looked like a C scar, and she kept wanting to push FS. I said no, i do not have condom and she said that is Ok, we can still fuck. A bit too willing for me so I settled on $40 for a body slide and HJ.

She put some more oil on my dick and also rubbed a bit on her boobs and did an OK body slide and she managed to get me erect and she planted a few kisses on my dick and again asked about FS. I again declined and told her I was enjoying what she is doing. She finally got the message and again more oil and started to wank furiousy and I had to ask her twice to slow down as it felt as if she just wanted to get the job done. She finally slowed down a bit and managing to coax a load out of me. She did clean me up well and gave me a brief head massage to finish off.

Certainly not a memorable experience and I will not rush back. There are three massage shops in this smallish shopping centre but The one opposite Coles is certainly legit and there is a newer Thai massage which I am yet to try but I think it may also be massage only.

Rayo


Floor: #3
Post Time: 1st July 2017, 05:41 PM
Poster ID: unclepj
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
The others are all legit
Unc


Floor: #4
Post Time: 1st July 2017, 05:51 PM
Poster ID: Rayo
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I thought as much, doesn't leave much, I will try Ashley's at windsor though. from the reviews from some knowledgeable senior members it may be more suitable
Rayo


