Floor: #1
Post Time: 17th June 2017, 06:48 PM
Poster ID: bent_leg
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Here is a post on Jessie who works here Tuesdays and Wednesdays - 





			
				 Person's Name : Jessie

 Establishment : Chinese Remedial Massage

 Date of Visit : Saturday 17 June 2017

 Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 6/635 Gardeners Rd Mascot 9669 5581

 Hours of Business : 10am - 8pm

 Rates : $40 30 min 

 Age : She said 30 but I’d say 40

 Size/shape : Size 8, A cup, trimmed bush

 Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese, excellent English, very friendly.

 Services Provided : massage + nude HJ

 Value for money/recommend? : Yes 

 This would be the same Jessie reviewed here by gboat1 three years ago. Her experience shows.

 Greeted by Jessie with short figure hugging outfit and push up bra displaying nice cleavage. Signed up for 30 minutes and negotiated nude for $50. Would not take $40.

 She stripped and revealed A cups with cigarette butt nipples, fairly bushy, trimmed at the edges. She started by grinding her backside against my cock which I found quite stimulating. Lay her down and commenced Blatchford style massage. She has quite prominent inner lips sticking out from pussy.

 She liked breast attention, especially the nipples and allowed clit tickle, she called for some oil so I thought she is not getting with it. She then said she would take over and cum which she did while I played with titties and stroked the old boy to maintain his interest. She did not show any interest in FS, although it might be on if one builds a relationship.

 Then it was my turn, very capable HJ and allowed me to insert a finger, very damp, and got me over the line. An 8/10 massage then followed until time. Clean up with hot towel.

 Jessie is an old hand at this game and good value. She works here Thursdays and Saturdays. 

 She also works Tuesdays and Wednesdays at 2/238 Prospect Road Seven Hills.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 14th September 2018, 04:26 PM
Poster ID: unclepj
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jessie

Establishment : Golden Stone 2-238-prospect-highway-seven-hills-02-8678-8526

Date of Visit : 14/9/18

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Seven Hills New Gorgeous Massage - SexPages - provides list of local brothels, massage shops and private outcall girls agencies in Australia

Phone :86788526

Hours of Business : 10-7

Rates : 50/45

Age : 35

Size/shape : Chinese size 8. New 36 c boobs

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Receptionist now special services to regulars

Value for money/recommend? : Oh Yes

Had not seen Jess for a while and I have been told she only works 7 Hills so I sent her a text on her private number
Yes she is working today at 7 hills and wants to see me

She looked very pretty when I walked in the door and gave me a beaming smile. There was 2 other girls sitting there free but she took me into the back room for a chat
Arms around my neck and her lips on mine straight away. Long time no see she says. Happy to see you. I only do reception now. 

So I ask if she wants to see me or give me another girl? I see you she replies as I only do reception now and see special clients. I am very special LOL

I undress as she goes out of the room to put the cash away and i wait for her to return sitting on the edge of the small table. Rooms here are very tiny.
More embrace and some nice DFK and I start to undress her from her awkward top and tights.
To undo her bra I turn her back to me, release her bra and slide my hands around the front. WTF! She has new boobs and they are awesome. Seems all the girls lately have new bits (Gwen new pussy)

I turn her to face me and they are great. Still a bit firm as they are only 6 weeks old but her scars are very small and will heal completely. Nipples are still very pronounced and are soon in my mouth. She loves her nipples sucked.

She is a very sexy WL now with this new asset.

She has always gone to her knees in front of me to suck my naked cock and today was no exception. She does suck very well and quite deep. Lots of tongue.
When she has finished I lay her down for some more nipple sucking and the DATY on her. She has always cum quickly as she does not have sex very often and gets highly aroused when licked and sucked. Her knees clamp onto my neck and she squeezes tightly trying not to be too loud as there is an opening in the wall that goes to the waiting area
My neck aches as she cum's

Now some receptionist offer special services and Jess also does this but if you are not Gold then very sorry

Great to see her again and enjoy her favors. I will see her in a few months and report on her boobs

There was some sexy girls in the waiting room so go try your luck.

They also do EFTPOS.

Unc


