Thread Title: B & T Remedial Massage - Sh 107, 69 Holbeche Rd, Arndell Park - 02 9676 5006
Floor: #1
Post Time: 16th October 2012, 04:16 PM
Poster ID: banger
Post Title: 
 B & T Remedial Massage - Sh 107, 69 Holbeche Rd, Arndell Park - 02 9676 5006
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name :

Establishment : 

Date of Visit : 

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 

Hours of Business :

Rates : 

Age :

Size/shape : 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Remedial massage, accupuncture, cupping etc

Value for money/recommend? :Yes if you are after a legit theraputic massage

My experience/comments : Went here last Sunday first time here it is on the first level of a small group of shop next door to Aldi. Price is $65.00 for 1 hour the place is well set up and fairly new by the looks of it and from what I felt is strictly legit even to the extent of a sign on the wall inside the room saying Underwear to be kept on at all times, anyway the girl came in probably mid 30's not bad looking and proceeded to give me a very good massage, did the tucking towell into undies thing and kept the towell over my bottom half when massageing my legs only exposing one leg at a time but in all a good massage no hints of extras or no going any where near the old fella so I left totally relaxed and she got some kinks and things fixed in my shoulders and neck so in all it was good but my sack remained full.

Happy punting all


Floor: #2
Post Time: 11th November 2012, 12:23 AM
Poster ID: Hugh Jorgan
Post Title: 
 Mary - 107/69 Holbeche Road, Arndell Park
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Mary

Establishment :  Massage shop 

Date of Visit : 05/10/2012

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 107/69 Holbeche Road, Arndell Park 0449 894 532

Hours of Business : close at 7pm

Rates : $60 an hour for remedial massage + tips for HJ

Age : late 30's

Size/shape : rather solid

Nationality or Ethnicity : Told Korean by owner but she was definitely Chinese

Services Provided : HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Not really

My experience/comments :

This was my second outing to this shop.. The first time I saw the owner who gave a pretty decent remedial massage without any hint that there was more on offer.  She also gave me a receipt for health fund rebate which had a provider number that ultimately did not register with the health fund..  I thought i would give this one more shot as she said she had a new Korean girl working..  Imagining some young 20 something thing I thought what the hell..  I rocked up to see this middle aged rotund looking woman who did not look Korean at all to me..  Given I have travelled there a number of times on business I have a pretty good idea.  

Anyway she proceeds to give me a reasonable oil massage which is particularly helped by the hot oils used.. I asked her where she was from (as boss had said she was Korean) and she replied she was from China which I had expected anyway.. Obviously the boss forgot to tell her that she was supposed to be Korean..  I asked her to give a little extra treatment around the buttock area as I spend all day sitting in the office and it needed some work to relieve some tightness and she responded and provided a little tackle tickle to go.. upon turning over she did a little leg massage before asking if i wanted a hj, i asked how much and she said $20.. TBH as i was a little peeved that i had been tricked by the owner i declined and she finished off with some work on my sore knee.   All in all not a bad massage if you feel like a relaxation massage with not much else but if you are after someone young and who would offer a bit more I would pass.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 26th January 2015, 01:40 AM
Poster ID: Hugh Jorgan
Post Title: 
 Lydia - 107, 69 Holbeche Rd Arndell Park - B & T Remedial Massage Centre - 0449 894 532
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lydia

Establishment : B & T Remedial Massage Centre 

Date of Visit : 8 Jan 2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 107, 69 Holbeche Rd Arndell Park - 0449 894 532

Hours of Business : 7 days 9am - 7pm

Rates : $35 / 30 min, $65 / 60 min

Age : 42

Size/shape : slim size 6-8, A Cups

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Massage with HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

I have been to this shop a few times but not for about 9 months.  In fact it was pretty much by accident that i was driving in the area (took a wrong turn earlier on) and when i realised I was near this shop, decided to drop in on spec.  I was greeted at the reception by Lydia.  She offered me a trampy looking girl (well I would guess later 30's) but i much preferred her pleasant face, slim body, sincere look and casual attire.

I asked for an hour massage and we were set.  I did something i have not done for a long long time, I left my underpants on.  I was curious to see how this would affect the tangent that this massage would take.    With a sore back I requested a hard pressure, consistent with making it appear I was after strictly a legit massage.  She complied and did a good job working the knots.

I learned she was from Dalian, had a 14 year old daughter and lived in Fairfield with another Chinese lady (and possibly family, can't remember).  She had an Aussie boyfriend in Wollongong but i got the impression she didn't really think too highly of him.  She had been in Australia for about a year and was studying massage therapy and wanted to one day start up her own shop.   She had already been married and separated in Australia (to a guy about 70 years old) who I think she met online prior to arriving.  He didn't trust her and repeatedly told her he thought she was just marrying him for a visa, though she denied that to me.  However she got sick of his lack of trust and they mutually agreed to separate.  

Back to the massage, she did a fine job of working my stiff muscles however as time moved on she complimented me on how polite I was. She said she hated guys who would come in and demand she take her clothes off and give them hand jobs.  She also mentioned she did not like giving hand jobs but as she needed the money she was willing to do so lol.  She did say though once she opened her own shop it would be 100% massage and no extras whatsoever.  This sort of came off to me as her way of offering a HJ without offering a HJ lol..  Though I could tell she was serious about her massage and she told me she had been studying it for a while now.

Anyway I turned over at about the 45 minute mark and she rubbed my front with my underwear still on.  A bit of legs and stomach and with my obvious bulging erection, she asked if I would like a HJ, with a nod my underwear was off and she gave me a decent HJ to close the massage.  What did surprise me is at the end she licked some semen off the tip of my cock and said 'too late' and simulated oral for a split second.   I paid the $20 extra and got dressed and said my goodbyes with a hug and a kiss..   All in all it was a very nice massage and there was a hint that more could be on offer though I am yet to return.

Definitely would recommend Lydia but suggest not to be too blatant about what you want first up.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 10th December 2015, 05:24 PM
Poster ID: LUNGOR
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Well, this is not a review for this shop but a friend of mine recently guest starred in this shop out west and she said the customers are all so good and gentle and all so surprised to see her - saying that she is young and pretty, have great massage skills, excellent hand job skills and a killer body !!

The massage lady in question is Coco from 252b Parramatta Road Stanmore who recently sold her shop and just covering in the same venue but also looking at some temporary work in the suburbs !!

When she told me she worked one day in this shop in Blacktown, I had a total surprise. then she said she did a lot of works that day, made very good money and couldn't believe how nice the people were. All gentlemen, very well hehaved, and most are happy just to pay $20 for a happy ending and for the few lucky ones who got to see Coco's big boobs, they almost died !! I guess a lot of us RnT regulars in the city and inner west are all spoiled. in the outer west where talents are very thin, Coco would be just like a goddess to them.

Thought I share this with the forum.


Cheers


ps. I wonder if this mean Coco will consider opening her new shop out that way next year. 

ps. 2, I knew in the good old days of Seven Hills, all the shops in that area were doing very good businesses !!


Floor: #5
Post Time: 25th February 2016, 11:48 AM
Poster ID: qvb
Post Title: 
 BT Remedial Massage Arndell Park 0449 894 532
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Dani

Establishment: Business

Date of Visit:24/2/16

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: 69 Holbeche Rd Arndell Park 0449 894 532

Hours of Business: 9am - 7pm

Rates:$65/hr +

Age:Mature

Size/shape: Petite

Nationality or Ethnicity: Asian

Services Provided: Massage (with extra)

Value for money/recommend?: OK

My experience/comments:

Hi all here is my first review on this site. I went to BT Remedial for a massage to soothe away some aches and pains. It's located in an open style centre, where you park in the middle of the property with a wrap around building. Shop is located on the first floor, access via open stairs and it is visible from everywhere, so if you want to be discreet you have no chance whatsoever. Shop is located between a fitness supplements shop and a pole dancing school, (pity there are no windows looking in!)

Upon walking in the shop is clean enough, you are greeted by a mature asian lady (with not much good english) who takes you into a room which is clean, the table has new disposable toweling. There are signs in the room indicating that you are to keep your undies on (it seems to be a 'reputable' establishment) I ignored this and just laid face down. 

The girl walked in and said her name was Dani in very broken english, and any chance of expanding on a discussion passed this were futile, OK, so no talking with this one. The massage overall was quite good although she persisted in covering up the private areas. Once the massage got to the pointy end (about 15mins out of the hour), I thought I better take the initiative and started to rub her backside, touch her hips and rub her shoulders/boobs. No resistance there and once this girl knew I was interested in more than a remedial massage she was quick to oblige with a rub and a suck. I managed to take her shirt and bra off, the usual "...sshh, don't tell boss lady..." (or something like that) comments were made before I blew my load on her chin and chest. She cleaned me up with a hot towel, I paid her another $20 for the extra service. 

Not a great experience, but it got the job done.  

qvb


Floor: #6
Post Time: 10th April 2017, 11:05 AM
Poster ID: seeker
Post Title: 
 Bee Bee (the mama-san) 107/69 Holbeche Rd Arndell Park.
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Bee Bee

Establishment : B&T Remedial Massage Centre

Date of Visit : Early April

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0449 894 532.  107 Level 1, 69 Holbeche Rd Arndell Park (Shopping Centre)

Hours of Business : Mon-Fri 9am-7pm. Sat 9am-5pm. Sun 10am-4pm.

Rates : Varies with the numerous treatments but basic massage is $35/30 min; $65/60 min. (HICAPS available)

Age : around 50.

Size/shape : short, petite.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Massage

Value for money/recommend? : Yes - for the massage. Will investigate extras in the future.

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

Had some time to spare between appointments and after a coffee, decided to give this place a try. I've eyed this place off often. The temptation to go down the road to Vangelis St was there but I was feeling too lazy/relaxed and short on time to go for FS. I really just felt like a massage but thought I'd tuck a bit of extra cash in the pocket just in case something else was on offer.
Place was obviously busy (but I don't know how many working) and the mama-san took my $35 cash for a half hour massage and guided me into a room. The place has all the hallmarks of offering "more". The rooms are all separate with proper walls to the ceiling and doors - no curtains or petitions. Box of tissues and a bin; very sturdy massage tables. 
I was surprised when the mama-san returned and directed me to lie on the table. Her massage was very good. One of the best I've had anywhere IMHO. She climbed on top a few times and while I was very tempted to do some wandering with my hands I resisted. The massage was just too good to have it stop. 
The half hour went too quick and there was no turn over. In a chat with her afterwards, she told me that she learnt her massage skills in China where she worked in a "Gentleman's club", but quickly added "only do massage now". 
I will definitely return for Bee Bee's fantastic massage but there were enough boxes ticked to make me almost certain that more would be on offer in this establishment. I will return and report in the future.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 19th April 2017, 10:12 AM
Poster ID: copul8er
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Noi. Think that's how its spelt

Establishment : B&T Remedial Massage Centre

Date of Visit : 18/04/17

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :  0449 894 532. 107 Level 1, 69 Holbeche Rd Arndell Park (Shopping Centre)
 9676 5006

Hours of Business : 9-8

Rates : $65 hour. With HICCAPS is was $23 roughly

Age : About late 20's

Size/shape : size 6

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Massage

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : After seeing this last review from Seeker and having to be in Sydney yesterday I decided to check this place out.
Reminds me a bit of Terminus St in Castle hill except this is a busier shopping centre.
Walked in and told the lady about my back and sciatica. First time here so filled out a form and into the room. The girl introduced herself as Noi.
Started off with the towel on the back and her on top with the knees and elbows so I told her to go easy on the back area.
Eventually oil on the back and legs and shoulders and then the arm massage which was suburb.
Eventually I turned over and she continued with the upper legs and did the chest and down to the lower stomach area.
A hot towel was given for both the front and back afterwards.
Overall
Massage 8-10. I still think the ones at Ashley's Windsor are better though but to her credit this girl was suffering from a virus a bit and did a great job..
Good to find a HICCAPS place too. 

Cheers.


Floor: #8
Post Time: 9th January 2019, 04:03 PM
Poster ID: Hottest_tamale
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's name: Annie

Establishment : B&T Remedial Massage Centre

Date of Visit : 09/01/19

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :  0449 894 532. 107 Level 1, 69 Holbeche Rd Arndell Park (Shopping Centre)
 9676 5006

Hours of Business : 9-8

Rates : $70 hour

Age : About late 20's

Size/shape : short and fat

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai 

Services Provided : Massage + HE

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : Following the lead from some punters on this forum I've been trawling wechat for some new haunts. Using "people nearby" feature, I espied "Arndell Park Thai Massage" and befriended her. I made an appointment for earlier today. 

From all accounts the shop appears legit but I flagged my intentions by defying the "keep undies on" at all times message and lay down bare arsed on the massage bed/table. 

The room I was in was first on left as you come in from outside. It contained 2 massage tables and a wooden steam bath. I believe that most rooms provide for a secluded session though the cardio gym next door pumped accelerated noise from next door. 

I had asked the mamasan for a Malaysian ML but she wasn't on, so in came Annie. 

Annie is Thai, short and round. She wore her hair on a long pony tail and bright red lippy. Her face was kinda nice to look at even if she appeared shy and distant at first glance. 

Annie hails from Chiang Mai and has only been in OZ for 2 months. Her language skills are fairly good as she taught English back home. But she is the quiet sort and it was our first session.  As such, I let her run the massage with minimal instructions.  Annie had also covered me with a towel but this exposed more and more flesh as time went on. I'm sure by the time the flip came she would have copped an eyeful but I only managed a softie. In any case, Annie is very strong and her massage is excellent. More Thai than Chinese in style to be prepared to be stretched and prodded. But all the while your kinks will disappear. 

Upon the flip, again I was covered my a towel and Annie also placed a folded tea-towel on my brow covering my eyes.  Then things kinda picked up a tad. 

Annie had been massaging the top of my leg and brushed my softie on the odd occasion over the towel. This had obvious effects. By the time she got to my other leg, she had slipped her hand beneath the towel and was playing with my balls. Then she threw all caution to the wind, tossed the cover aside and latched onto my throbber. I too tossed the tea cosy and ripped her ample bosom from beneath her red top. She had plumpers with large dark arioli. I chomped onto them all right. 

I then slipped my right hand down her tights and eventually found her wet cat. Before long I had her labouring breath. I blew long and hard and Annie did not let go.  I didn't mind. 

Annie cleaned my up with tissues and hot towels and I slipped her a lobster for her trouble. She smiled and thanked me. 

Annie works Tuesdays and Wednesdays only. 

I would like to try other MLs so I will be back. I might give Annie another run. She's fat, but I love all kinds. 

Happy Punting!


H_T



Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk


