Thread Title: Bluebell Massage - Kingswood  - 02 4701 4913
Floor: #1
Post Time: 17th February 2020, 12:24 PM
Poster ID: james31
Post Title: 
 Bluebell Massage - Kingswood  - 02 4701 4913
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Emily


Establishment : Bluebell Massage


Date of Visit : Friday Feb 2020


Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Shop 2/6 Bringelly Road Kingswood

https://www.bluebellmassage.com.au/index.php

https://sydney.locanto.com.au/ID_416...d-massage.html


Phone : 0247014913


Hours of Business : 10-7:30


Rates : $60 1 hour Massage, the rest is negotiable


Age : Late 20's


Size/shape : Size 8/10, nice B/C tits with large nipples, hairy cunt


Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai


Services Provided : BBBJ, massage


Value for money/recommend? : OK for something new


My experience/comments : Noticed a new shop being advertised in Kingswood and since I was in town I thought I would give it a punt.  Bluebell sits on a main road in a small row of shops, it is not super busy in kingswood so I was not too worried about passing traffic, from the outside it looks like an authentic massage joint anyway so you can always feign the sore back or limp when you enter and leave  .  The Locanto ad gives it away a bit with a nice racy pic typical of an RnT joint and the website shows a backdoor pic if you are shy , your legit joint is not going to advertise a backdoor.

On the plus side this place is new and clean, the rooms have full sized walls and a sliding door ( though there was no sign of a lock on the door ), the negative side is there is no shower facility if you need it.

So I saw Emily a nice enough thai girl who has worked the massage scene for a while ( after conversation I worked out she had worked at Johnson Ave at Seven Hills ) and she normally works around the city , she is not super pretty but she has a nice body and nice shaped tits however when it came to play time she claimed her nipples were sensitive and did not want any licking or sucking  

Now clearly this place is advertising as an RnT joint but Emily put on the usual show of finger to the lips Shhh quiet don't tell the boss, I will get in trouble etc etc, I guess as a first timer she will be wary however when it came to the negotiations after a reasonable massage she told me she will do a full strip with a tug and you can play with the pussy for $50, I asked if there was anything else on the menu and she again did the bullshit act of I never do sex and I never do blowjob but just for you I will do but it is my first time blah blah blah.

Anyway stupid me had forgotten to bring the rubber and we had negotiated for sex for an extra $100, I was devastated as I always come prepared but in the rush which comes with trying a new joint for the first time I simply forgot, so Emily the trooper that she is tells me she will suck my cock no rubber of course she has never done that before either...

The BBBJ was excellent plenty of licking and shaft and ball licking with good eye contact, she moved her leg up onto the bench so I could rub the pussy and after a short play I suggested we go 69 and she said she cannot because there is no facility to wash her vag ( no shower ) and she does not feel clean, whether this was the real reason I will never know so I let her finish me off with some sucking and pulling ( no CIM ).

It was a good session but there was no kissing , no DATY , and no sex but that was not her fault.  Would I see her again ? Possibly not but I would come back to see one of the other girls as the rooms do have privacy and the place is clean.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 20th February 2020, 04:17 PM
Poster ID: james31
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Nadia


 Establishment : Bluebell Massage


 Date of Visit : Wednesday Feb 2020


 Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 

https://www.bluebellmassage.com.au/index.php

https://sydney.locanto.com.au/ID_416...d-massage.html


 Phone : 0247014913


 Hours of Business : 10-7:30


 Rates : $60 1 hour Massage, extra $100 FS


 Age : Late 30


 Size/shape : Size 10, C cups which appear fake but still nice, pretty face


 Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai


 Services Provided : CBJ, FS, DATY, massage


 Value for money/recommend? : Average , not much passion


 My experience/comments : Decided to give this place another go to get a better indication of what might be on offer, today I was greeted by Nadia who was pleasant enough looking , a little chunky but still around a size 10 with very ample tits.

Clearly most things are on offer here as the negotiations began with "how long you want to stay" quickly followed by the whispered " you want extra's " , sure what do you offer ? " clothes off and hand job for $50 " ok anything else ?  I want everything, " ok I don't ever do but just for you blowjob and sex $100 "  cool suits me fine.

Now I don't want to generalise but I have found that chinese  ladies tend to be much more passionate and are likely to kiss, are more likely to give a BBBJ, and there is a good chance they will get off when they accept DATY, thai ladies tend to not want to kiss and never want fingers anywhere near their muff and there does appear to be a lot of foaming going on and this was true for Nadia, while she seemed enthusiastic enough and moaned while I licked and sucked her nipples of her ample fake tits and she moaned while I licked her cunt it was clearly put on and she simply would not kiss and would not allow fingering of her clit and definitely no fingers inside.   Still she gave a good BBBJ with a condom that she supplied ( so much for never doing this, she was well prepared ) and sex was OK with some  bench fucking and some doggie action but I always struggle getting off if the session is too mechanical and the girl is not really into it and so it was today a session that never really hit any heights.  Nadia did also complain that there is no shower but to her credit went off to wash her muff before we commenced so she was clean for me she said .

Nadia works here Sundays and half day Wednesday , she also works at Windsor and St Marys, I would likely give her a miss for one of the other two cuties I saw when I was leaving both wearing little short black dresses showing their wares.

I do like the place because of the proper rooms and doors and today I drove around the back and parked in a very ample rear carpark with a direct entry to the backdoor so it is pretty private if you are concerned about being seen from the street.  So far from my experience I would prefer the shops in Seven Hills that I frequent as the girls tend to be more enthusiastic but then they are chinese...  But as usual YMMV and there are likely to be some gems here if you are willing to put in the effort to find them.

Good luck


Floor: #3
Post Time: 15th March 2020, 03:10 PM
Poster ID: Probe
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks for the reviews James, I called in early today and didn’t have much luck. I asked for 45 minutes for $50 and the lady said can do special $50 extra. I asked what special, can I touch you? And she said only boobs not pussy. I said no thanks I like to touch and kiss pussy and she said definitely not. I said maybe just a massage for 30 minutes and she asked if I want special and I said no, just massage. She told me to go to the shop near Kingswood station if I just want massage because we only do special massage here.

I think this lady was the boss and the only one there. I wasn’t going to pay $100 for a massage and topless HJ.


