Thread Title: Chinese Remedial Massage - 6 Barker St,  Rooty Hill - 02 9832 8823
Floor: #1
Post Time: 4th January 2011, 08:03 PM
Poster ID: Jack Kerouac
Post Title: 
 Chinese Remedial Massage - 6 Barker St,  Rooty Hill - 02 9832 8823
				
Post Content: 
Chinese Remedial Massage
6 Barker St.
Rooty Hill.
(I don't know their number, but if you believe this review there is no need to ever call them anyway.)


Hi All,

Today's review is about Ne-Ne.

Today was a microcosm of life. It was both good and bad.

Let me start by saying it was a pleasure to meet up again with my nephew Efrem Zimbalist Farquar. It had been awhile since we met and talked. We went to a place in St. Marys called the Coffee Shop where the food was good and the prices high. I shouldn't complain as Farquar footed the bill.

He wanted to punt so we agreed to go for an RnT.

Not far from where we had lunch was the above mentioned establishment. It sat on a side street a hop, skip and a jump from beautiful downtown, metropolitan St. Marys. Farquar had been here before and we agreed if a choice was to be had he could choose the one he liked best. (There was no choice. We each wound up with a ML of their choosing.)

This joint looks like a thousand other down market massage establishments. It had tacky plastic flowers on the inside and a 'Hello Kitty' battery operated toy on the reception desk that waved to incoming customers. As you can tell it was a real class act.

There were cubicles that had walls that did not go all the way to the ceiling and curtains instead of doors. I wonder how they explain that wall design to the workers building it. I am sure they DON'T say "Oh we want it built like that so that everyone can hear the punters trying to get pussy!"

Well, on arrival a ML immediately latched onto Farquar and led him away. Me? I had to wait 15 minutes for God knows why until Ne-Ne arrived. When she did arrive she grabbed me by the lapels and led me into a cubicle where she placed tissues on the massage table where she figured my cock would rest when I lay down. See, I told you, it was class all the way.

A bit about Ne=Ne. She was slim, mid to late 30's, c-cup breasts and nice nipples. She had a trimmed puss. I won't say she was ugly because that's not a nice thing to say. However, in deconstructing her appearance in a post modern way she could be said to be 'beauty deprived' or 'aesthetically challenged'. That didn't bother me too much as I was not looking for the next Mrs. Kerouac.

Her massage was too light for me and strange. She began with a rather interesting massage of my backside and then immediately moved to massaging my head, or as Farquar is known to have said 'me head'. I would have liked her to have had a hand wash in between those two events, but it was not to be.  She then rubbed my back for about 5 minutes with generic baby oil and then started a tackle tickle. 

Let me pause for a moment and note that she kept going out of the cubicle and returning every couple of minutes. She also engaged in a conversation with the other ML that I don't think was about the quality of the current crop of bok choy. I suspect she was saying things like "The joker I've got has a prick that looks like an asparagus sprout!"

It was during the tackle tickle that I asked about extras and full service was agreed to for $50. Why did I do that when she was 'beauty denied'? You can also ask, Why is the Pope Catholic? Why does a wild bear shit in the woods? The answer is because 'That's the way it is'.

Well she did a lacklustre cbj so I suggested we get to the main event. She lay on the table and I entered her standing up in a sort of modified mish.

During this said event she did not move. I mean she did not move a single muscle.  Her face remained impassive and I could not detect any life signs. Now, I don't like FOAM, (fake orgasm and moaning), but I do like to know she is alive! After a couple of minutes of my apparent solo activity I began to ask myself questions. These included the following:

Is she still alive or has she left this mortal coil?
Does she think I have some necrophilia type fetish going on here?
Will I have to spend the last $2 of my pre-paid to call an ambulance?

I reached out with two fingers and felt her carotid artery and sure enough there was a heart beating there. It was then that I lost my erection. The erection was wrecked and would not return through 'solocourse' (Note: There was no real intercourse happening here.). I asked her for a handjob and she finished me off that way.

She then went out and got some really hot towels, threw them on my chest as they were burning her fingers and mopped me up. By the way, I did NOT appreciate those hot towels chucked onto my bare chest!

In all seriousness she asked me:

Ne-Ne: Are you happy?

My mother always told me to be honest, but she also told me not to hurt people's feelings unnecessarily. I hesitated and responded with:

Jack: Yeah, I am sort of happy.
Ne-Ne: Sort of?
Jack: Well, Ne-Ne happiness is an elusive feeling.

Folks I told her the truth. I was happy.

I was happy to be leaving of the joint.

(Note: Farquar had a bit of a dud punt too and his ML went in and out several times.)

Until next time.

Jack


Floor: #2
Post Time: 4th January 2011, 09:19 PM
Poster ID: someone or other
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Good to see you out and about again Jack. Punting's much more fun in pastures new.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 4th January 2011, 09:40 PM
Poster ID: EvilGenius
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Entertaining as always. Thanks.

May your next be better!!


Floor: #4
Post Time: 5th January 2011, 06:24 AM
Poster ID: Jack Kerouac
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hi Junior (Someone or Other),

If only the old days were back and you were on the road too!

Jack


Floor: #5
Post Time: 2nd March 2011, 05:05 PM
Poster ID: james31
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hi Jack

It seems we haunt the same places !  Rooty Hill was my regular place for a punt as it is always cheap and cheerful I don't think you can beat $100 for a good 30 to 40 minute massage and a food fuck with CBJ ( never been able to snag a BBBJ there. 
I have seen most all the girls there and have a good rapport with most , they generally fight over me since I'm a good paying client ( I notice that a lot of the punters that come in want the 30 minute quickie RnT with minimal pay and I always go for the full on one hour with the works) and I have had the pleasure of a free double on more than one occasion ( kind of weird standing up and rooting one on the table sideways while the other is licking my nipples and playing with my arse cause there is not a lot of interaction going on between the girls ).
I am well used to the girls chatting to each other in chinese while they are working their respective clients and sometimes they sing along with the chinese pop CD they always put on and to me this makes the place kind of neat, they are a good group of girls who generally enjoy a good time and they like to have a laugh if you get to know them. Yes I have had some dud roots there but they are generally the new girls , the regulars are always fun and most of the time you can get them to cum if you try hard enough.
The lady who owns the place ( if I remember right it's CoCo )  is a genuinely nice girl ( who doesn't do full service herself ) and I get the impression the other girls like her and get on well with her .

Not too fancy but cheap and cheerful !


Floor: #6
Post Time: 7th March 2011, 02:23 PM
Poster ID: banger
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Just got back from a 1 hour session here, was greeted by Mimi a fairly good looking Chinese milf at a guess of about early thirties and with nice olive skin, was taken to a cubicle and asked how long, said 1 hour and handed over $50.00, stripped and got on the table and awaited her return. Then got a very good firm massage which is what I asked for with some bum and tackle play every now and then which showed promise for later, after about 40 mins got a hot towel rub down and was asked to turn over, then she asked what I would like via hand gestures and being quiet so no one would hear, settled on a blowie and sex for $50.00 so she nuded up, and nice body on her about a size 8 and gave me a very good cbj which she stopped every couple of mins so I could last and allowed ample pussy and titty play anyway ended up blowing by the cbj so she then cleaned me up and finished the time with a foot massage and a head massage didn't rip me off at all with time and was very accommodating all the way will definately return, Mimi says she works Monday and Thursdays.
Happy punting all


Floor: #7
Post Time: 15th November 2011, 01:56 PM
Poster ID: james31
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Casey or Kasey or keshee as she pronounced it


Date of Visit :  Saturday 12th 


Rates : $50 Hr Massage $100 Hr with FS 

Age :  Mid Thirties

Size/shape : Pear Shaped Size 10/12 Small tits A/B cup

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Massage, CBJ, FS

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : Being at a loose end on Saturday I swung by my old favourite stamping ground for a clean of the pipes, as usual I was met with an enthusiastic girl called Casey who has quite a pretty face but her body lets her down when the clothes come off not a bit pear shaped and larger on the bottom and smallish tits ( hidden very well by the push up bra before she got it off , these should be outlawed in such an establishment - false advertising ! )

Anyway Casey enjoyed some light kissing and didn't mind her nipples sucked and licked and her pussy worked over with my fingers she gave quite a good CBJ with good deep throat action ,  because of her build I wanted her on top and she didn't dissapoint with a squat type root action rather than your traditional cowgirl, pussy was pretty frim and she soon had me milked with her nice controlled muscle action.
Finished off with a better than average all over body massage so I left feeling quite contented.

Word of advice for you newbs who come into a place like this looking for a root but are too afraid to ask or leave it till too late, don't fuck about when you are first negotiating whip out your $50 for you hour massage ( or your $30 if you only want a half ) and immediately follow it with the extra $50 or $30 the WL has no doubts what you are after and they love the colour of money, also keeps the chit-chat to a minimum when you can hear the punter next door and you don't want to get into the frustrating whispered negotiations with the dumb bitch who doesn't understand english at the best of times and it quickly escaltes into the loud "No probrems I rook after you , very good service yeah, you handsome man , blah bblah blah !"


Floor: #8
Post Time: 15th November 2011, 08:51 PM
Poster ID: slarty
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by james31



Word of advice for you newbs who come into a place like this looking for a root but are too afraid to ask or leave it till too late, don't fuck about when you are first negotiating whip out your $50 for you hour massage ( or your $30 if you only want a half ) and immediately follow it with the extra $50 or $30 the WL has no doubts what you are after and they love the colour of money, also keeps the chit-chat to a minimum when you can hear the punter next door and you don't want to get into the frustrating whispered negotiations with the dumb bitch who doesn't understand english at the best of times and it quickly escaltes into the loud "No probrems I rook after you , very good service yeah, you handsome man , blah bblah blah !
"""



So what happens if the girl doesn't do fs- do they take the $50 and pretend not to understand later and just give a HJ? I ask because I'm more a negotiate during kind of guy- just wondering


Floor: #9
Post Time: 16th November 2011, 03:07 PM
Poster ID: james31
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
To tell you the truth Slarty in all my years of visting RnT joints ( and I have see more than my share over the years ) I have never met a massuese who did not understand the meaning of the extra money up front , admittedly I have had my fair share of knockbacks and always some form of silent clarification "pumped fist" you want hand job? " moo face with pumped fist" you want headjob?  or " jiggling pelvis " you want fucky ?
But my point being is that you want to get the negotiations done up front and not leave it till the last minute, I have read time and again on this forum of blokes complaining that they didn't get the fuck or headjob that others before them had when I'm sure it's because a lot of blokes leave it until the massage is finished and the turnover where the massuese has left 5 minutes to basically get the tug done and cleaned up and there is no more time for a root, or they are too nervous to ask lying there in their most vulnerable state like big beached whales in their birthday suit and simply don't know how to negotiate a fuck. If you do it up front then there is simply no room for confusion and let's face it trying to negotiate in english on the same level with an asian massuese is just asking for trouble or misunderstanding.
Here at Roorty Hill it's always a good blowjob and a fuck upfront for me followed by a massage to finish off the time, this way if it's a good fuck you can take as much time as you like and if it's crook so be it at least you can get done and still get a 55 minute massage...


Floor: #10
Post Time: 19th February 2012, 02:36 PM
Poster ID: qgabs001
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Called the number last week and message says number no longer in service. Can anyone here confirm whether this place is still open?


Floor: #11
Post Time: 20th February 2012, 02:38 PM
Poster ID: banger
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Yep still open advertise in the Blacktown Advocate and Blacktown Sun still same service good 1 hour massage a suck and a fuck for a 100 was last there last wednesday.

Happy punting all


Floor: #12
Post Time: 19th March 2012, 08:40 PM
Poster ID: Jack Kerouac
Post Title: 
 Kookie, Jehosophat and me.
				
Post Content: 
Chinese Remedial Massage
6 Barker St.
Rooty Hill
Phone: 98328823

Hi All,

Before I discuss my punt with CiCi a bit of explanation is in order.

I try to let two fundamental rules govern my punting and feel if I adhere to them punting will be an adventure and a challenge.

The first rule is NEVER WALK. Punting is taking a gamble and is like a throw of the dice.

This rule comes from my nephew Edd 'Kookie' Byrnes. He's always had the policy that: 'In for a penny and in for a pound'. He never walked while I was around. He's told me stories about fornicating with a Greek granny twice his age and size and having it on with a lady with a bloated face chock-a-block full of Botox. Punting with Kookie was an adventure and very fun.

And Kookie now? Well he doesn't punt anymore. He has ensconced himself firmly in suburbia where he lives a decidedly petit bourgeois lifestyle. I can picture him now sitting in front of a log fire, wearing a smoking jacket with leather patches on the elbows. In this setting he'd have a pipe in one hand and a glass of sherry in the other. Next to Kookie would be a dog and a leash. The leash would not be attached to the dog, but instead around Kookie's neck. His beloved wife would tug on that leash every time she saw a sparkle in Kookie's eyes and the look of a man remembering his punting escapades. He's probably reduced to using adjectives like 'smashing' and 'super' to describe positive feelings or attitudes, but his legacy liveson  in his Don't walk policy. 

I try to implement this policy and the second one that came from my Uncle Jehosophat Kerouac. That policy is Only carry with you the minimum amount of money to meet your needs. This to protect yourself from shelling out buckets of dough for extras and then regretting it later.

Uncle Jehosophat was a sight to behold. I am not saying he had the first dollar he made, I think he hand every dollar he made. He ran a pawn shop in New York and would offer you $10 for a brand new IPad and make you think you were the one getting the better of him. Before I shipped out to Vietnam I visited him and he said "Jackie, let's go to the finest restaurant in town!" We did and it was me who was the joker who got stuck with the bill. He would steal flies from a blind spider. In the end karma caught up with him and he was buried in a cardboard casket, (His son Julius learned well from him.) with his Seiko not Longines watch around his wrist. Anyway, from him I was bequeathed the legacy of Only carry with you the minimum amount of money to meet your needs.

My nephew Efrem Zimbalist Farquar and I were again on the prowl. We thought of going to Mt Druitt, but Farquar had the ute washed and waxed and was terrified the hoons would trash it just to fuck up his day. So, we decided on Rooty Hill. I often wondered why they called it Rooty Hill. Was it because it was a good place to get a root or where you get rooted by someone? I am still not sure.

Well, we arrived at the joint and it had bars on the windows and door. Why you ask? I can't imagine why as the only thing you'd be able to steal is this neighbourhood would be rats.

We had both been there about a year ago. Two women were available and for once he got the milf and I got the younger one.

Now this place is about as private as copulating with Elle McPherson on the steps of Town Hall at noon on a Friday afternoon. The walls are paper thin and Farquar could hear all of my seductive sweet talk which he will most assuredly use at a later date. One look at the joint and Ci Ci and my head said WALK and my ideology affirmed that punting a gamble and stay.

CiCi is in her early 20's with a plain face, slim torso and what appears, from a slight feel from the outside, A- boobs. He English is functional and her greed knows no limits.

The massage was functional. It wasn't strong enough for me, but she did sort of hit the right spots. At turnover time discussion occurred re: extras and here I let myself down. I brought a wad of money with me and felt as rich as Henry Ford in the moment. I negotiated a cbj for the price one would normally pay for full service. To be fair it was one of the best cbj's I've ever had, but folks that's all it was.

So there you have it. I obeyed my don't walk rule and violated my skinflint perspective. The combination was a lethal one and left me with a sour taste in my mouth that was not the result of a daty.

On the way out Farquar then mentions "Oh, I saw CiCi before and she wasn't much and overcharges!' Thanks for telling me.

Still, a punt is a punt and a dud punt is better than none at all.

Jack


Floor: #13
Post Time: 19th March 2012, 08:48 PM
Poster ID: hard
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by Jack Kerouac


..............Still, a punt is a punt and a dud punt is better than none at all........Jac
"""



Absolutely right Uncle Jack... and as always, love your work


Floor: #14
Post Time: 19th March 2012, 08:50 PM
Poster ID: BadAussieBoy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by Jack Kerouac


So, we decided on Rooty Hill. I often wondered why they called it Rooty Hill. Was it because it was a good place to get a root or where you get rooted by someone? I am still not sure
"""



Rumour has it that the government at the time felt "Shaggers Ridge" was too crass.


Floor: #15
Post Time: 19th March 2012, 10:57 PM
Poster ID: Licker
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Oh Jack, how I love your posts!  

They make me feel alive. 

If only i could express myself (and the events of this too often boring life) as elegantly I would surely be a novelist celebrated - by punters and ladies alike - long after my premature eja... demise.


Thread Title: Chinese Remedial Massage - 6 Barker St,  Rooty Hill - 02 9832 8823
Floor: #16
Post Time: 19th March 2012, 11:40 PM
Poster ID: andrewblake
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Arrrhhhhhh.. Dear Uncle.. Another fable story to tell!.. We have missed them!..  

AB


Floor: #17
Post Time: 1st May 2012, 11:47 AM
Poster ID: sydneyguy20122
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Casey


Date of Visit : March 2012


Rates : $70 Nude massage with happy ending

Age : Mature

Size/shape : Size 10 A cup

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Massage HJ

Value for money/recommend? : NO

I asked about extras straigh and was told only nude and HJ, I asked about BJ and was told no, massage was nice but will not return


Floor: #18
Post Time: 8th February 2013, 04:36 AM
Poster ID: Jack Kerouac
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Chinese Remedial Massage
6 Barker St
Rooty Hill
Phone:98328823


Hi All,

Well here I am again. I was slumming it in the west and fearing for my life at various stages.

I met up with my nephew Efrem Zimbalist Farquar in the expectation of eating a chicken Pad Thai in the local St. Marys area, but it was not to be. Instead Farquar strong armed me into a punt.

We went out to Mt. Druitt where we had punted last year and I could see Farquar was nervous. He was not just worried about his ute getting trashed, but winding up in the gutter as a fatality. 

I've commented on Mt Druitt before and won't belabour the point

 BUT

The massage parlour is located near Centrelink and the jokers milling around outside are a sight to behold. If you were an employer you wouldn't hire any of this lot to shovel shit in Coober Pedy. For this mob of bludgers the only 4 letter word NOT in their vocabulary is 'work'.
AND

An example of these no-hopers was one bum I heard talking on the phone and he exclaimed "I don't know who that fuckin cunt is but I'll kill him!". Next to him was his 'partner' who looked for all the world like an overstuffed baboon with a fag protruding from her hideous gob and two little baboons in a stroller next to her screaming their lungs out.. Not a pretty picture folks.

Anyway, the massage parlour was busy so we decided to try Rooty Hill. This place is decidedly downmarket. It smells like garlic and fried onions. The walls do not reach the ceiling and there are no doors but rags, I mean curtains, used for an entry.

When we arrived at the place there were two WL's available. One was Mimi and the other was Cici. Upon entering the establishment the following conversation ensued:

Cici: (Looking at me) Good to see you again.
Kerouac: We have never met.
Cici: You have been here 3 times this month!
Kerouac: I have not been here in over a year.
Cici: I know what I know.
Kerouac: (to Farquar) You better take her and I'll take the other one.

The other one was Mimi. Well, Mimi has a nice face and looks late 30's. She had B+- C- breasts and a trimmed puss. Her English is just enough for the job, but there were problems with the job.

First, she was reception. So every time someone came in the door she went out and when the phone rang she 'massaged' with one hand. This was a bummer.

Second, She had absolutely no massage skill or apparent interest in acquainting any. Thank God she at least used some oil otherwise she'd have rubbed all  the hide from my body.

Third, I think she sees her role as providing 'extras'. Anyway, after 10 minutes of literally being rubbed the wrong way, I purchased some extras. These extras were delivered with all the enthusiasm of Craig Thomson submitting to a strip search or Tim and Julia frolicking in the sack. (What terrible images go through my mind at the thought of that. I swear if you looked deeply into Tim's eyes you'd see the back of his head. Plus he's supposed to be a hairdresser and lets Julia cavort around looking like she's wearing a fright wig!)

Anyway, this was one of those occasions where I stayed longer than Farquar and he was waiting with the 'lovely' Cici when I walked out the cubicle through the rag door.

We walked the 20 or so metres to the ute and as we entered the following conversation ensued:

"You know Farquar, I was thinking back on Mt. Druitt and I think I'll get myself a monkey faced, cretin for a partner and produce some simian kids that at an early age will play cops and robbers with real cops".

AND

Farquar replied, "Well.  Uncle Jack that seems to be what your dad did."

See you again soon people.

Until that time folks . . .until that time.

Jack.


Floor: #19
Post Time: 4th April 2013, 09:20 AM
Poster ID: Mabza
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Add in the Advertiser says Coco, maintains that is the name (she is at least using) 

Date of Visit : Wednesday 3 April 2013


Rates : $30 for 30 minutes $50 Hr Massage 

Age : Who can say - 35?

Size/shape : Tall with a bit of excess happening around the middle, maybe B cups with nice responsive nipples and pretty smooth

Nationality or Ethnicity : Ad says Coco is from Singapore (ad also says drink provided - it wasn't)

Services Provided : Massage and more

Value for money/recommend? : Not overly disappointed

My experience/comments : Temptation meant it was a day to go punting which can be a challenge as there is so much choice and then there is the desire to hopefully find something different and better - another Albany? In my dreams, well this isn't Crows Nest and it ain't the Albany.

The place is on a corner next to a martial arts store and has two or three cubicles with solid walls that don't stretch to the ceiling and material curtains - can leave you feeling vulnerable when there is movement in the corridor. Seems the address is actually shop 6 28 Barker Street and the mobile I used which may be more relevant to where Coco is working is 0406 588 669

I have been here some months ago and that experience was enough to bring me back - was given the impression I was getting a favour as I was wanted as a regular customer.  Anyway the girl I saw before (Mimi?) was not there and I got Coco.  Seems that the girls rotate through this business and one at Marayong. There was another girl there that I didn't see though I still had to wait 5 minutes for Coco to finish the job at hand. It seemed a busy day with plenty of other punters making the same call that I had.  

I had taken the 30 minute option and Coco had baggy but light pants on - I like to massage the ML legs as reaction and chat give a good indicator of potential.  After the rub down, tease and turn over I was able to quickly get Coco to dress down.  Daty was had but no touch while HJ proceeded.  I didn't actually ask for anymore but suspect if I had been a bit earlier things may have been a bit more relaxed ie no queue of punters (at least another) and less calls being taken by Coco and a better outcome may have been had.  All up for $50 I won't complain.


Floor: #20
Post Time: 27th July 2014, 05:53 PM
Poster ID: bent_leg
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name :  CiCi

Establishment :  Chinese Remedial Massage

Date of Visit :  Sunday 27 July 2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :   6 Barker Street Rooty Hill   Phone: 9832 8823

Hours of Business :   10-7, 7 days

Rates :  $30 half, $40 45, $50 hour, $80 90 minutes

Age :  30's could be 40

Size/shape :  skinny really needs a feed, A cup, trimmed bush

Nationality or Ethnicity :  Chinese

Services Provided : Nude massage and HJ

Value for money/recommend? :  Ok

My experience/comments : 
Was at the All Ford day at Eastern Creek and after that thought I should check th nearby establishment as it had not been reviewed for over a year.      I have also been searching for FiFi who gave me excellent service at Castle Hill when firstopened. 
Rather depressing outside, bars on the windows that had been repainted white by an amateur who had smudged the glass I many places and had not cleaned it up.    Inside three cubicles, not to the ceiling with a curtain as a door.   Appears very like the typical Ashley set up like at Marayong.    I think inside may have had a paint since the last review as superficially it looked ok.
Room was small with a full length tissue on the table.    Paid for 30 minutes and $40 extra  for nude.    CiCi stripped, typical Chinese A cups.   Offered her a massage she said she did not like that, I think she has had enough of the groping that goes on.    About a 5/10 massage followed and I directed her to my vital area and she gave me tackle tickle quite nicely.     Turned over and then straight into the HJ.      Nice wet clit and reluctantly allowed me to finger.   All in all it was rather mechanical and I think she was doing what had to be done without any signs of pleasure.   
Asked her what days she worked and she says she wont be working any more.
As I dressed I noticed she just straightened the tissue on the table for the next person even though it still had some of bent_leg's special juice on it.     I commented "is it to be changed" and she shrugged her shoulders.     Not sure that Ashley who runs the place would agree with this approach.
I wont be back.


Floor: #21
Post Time: 13th July 2016, 09:26 AM
Poster ID: unclepj
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Mimi

Establishment : Chinese Remedial Rooty Hill

Date of Visit : July 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : http://sydney.cracker.com.au/BodyRub...girls/15808221

Hours of Business : 10-7 

Rates : $30 / 30. $20 HJ. $10 CBJ

Age : 30ish

Size/shape : size 8 skinny no boobs bad teeth

Nationality or Ethnicity : Jap

Services Provided : CBJ

Value for money/recommend? : UMMM? In need of a blow then go

My experience/comments : On my way to Liverpool and needed to blow of some steam on Wednesday last week.
28 was out of the way so I thought I would try someplace I had not been. Rang and told Mimi was available
The rooms are 3/4 high walls and curtain doors. Pretty scummy place
Mimi comes out and I should have left then
Into the room and had a good look at her. Skinny as a malnourished cricket.
$30 for 30 mins you try? Im here so why not. $20 for HJ $20 for nude she says
I asked her about a BJ? Normally $20 but today I do for $10 with condom.
OK. out she goes and I undress and onto the table face down. 
Mimi comes back with her purse and ask do I want her nude? So skinny no way!!!!
There was no massage just straight for the balls and started to  work them over. I flipped and she was straight to the cock
On with the dom and she's into it. CBJ normally does not do a great deal for me but she was pretty good with a lot of time on the head with her mouth and the shaft with her hands
Slowed her down after 5 mins and lasted another 5 before the bag got filled

Clean up with tissues dressed and gone within 20 minutes.
WIR No! It was good as the desired result was achieved. If you need a blow & go in the Rooty Hill area for $60 then its good value

Unc


Floor: #22
Post Time: 20th April 2017, 11:19 AM
Poster ID: banger
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Mmi

Establishment :6 Barker street Rooty Hill 

Date of Visit : 10/04/17

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 

Hours of Business : 

Rates : 50 per hour

Age : Late 30's

Size/shape : Medium build

Nationality or Ethnicity : PRC

Services Provided : RNT Nude 2 girl handy at the end

Value for money/recommend? : Nah 

My experience/comments : Called in here late around 5 30pm on this Monday night as was in the area and remembered this place so thought I would see what was on offer was met by Mimi at the door and shown to a cubicle paid my 50 bucks and got undressed and up on the table what proceeded was a reasonable massage but not one I would return for and after about 40 mins I was told to turn over which I did and Mimi said for 50 bucks more she and the other girl will give me a nude handy so I parted with another pineapple and the other girl older maybe early 40's came in and nuded up and they both gave me a handy and let me roam with my hands needless to say I didn't last long before shooting my load and as soon as that happened the other girl left the room and Mimi cleaned me up with tissues and we both got dressed Mimi thanked me and said it was a very quiet day so I walked off thinking I don't think I will return as it was not at all very good only just a half baked massage and for a two girl tug well they got me over the line but it was very mechanical and not that great, but it is punting after all isn't it.
Happy Punting all


