Thread Title: Kung - Thai Therapy Massage, Blacktown - 0421 235 346 New number= 0402 758 997
Floor: #1
Post Time: 6th June 2016, 11:44 AM
Poster ID: dickbrown
Post Title: 
 Kung - Thai Therapy Massage, Blacktown - 0421 235 346 New number= 0402 758 997
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Kung, Thai
Establishment : Thai Therapy Massage Blacktown Pty Ltd
Date of Visit :  30 May, 16
Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0421 235 346, 80 Main St, Gumtree link below
Hours of Business : 10-7:30, 7 Days
Rates :  45 hour happy hour +20 tip, (normal - $70 hour) 
Age :   25
Size/shape : Heavy set 
Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai
Services Provided : FBM, HJ
Value for money/WIR: Yes, when in area (at the "Happy Hour price/time)

Comments:
After seeing an advert in for Thai massage in Gumtree  which included a $45/hour "Happy Hour" Oil massage special offer,  I stopped in to check it out. I knew this shop as the successor to the remedial Thai shop that was previously just down the road at the corner of Campbell and Main, but thought I would see if much had changed with the relocation. Rocked up before noon and spoke to the male Bangladeshi receptionist - who quoted me $70 hour and I turned around to walk away. He then remembered the $45 happy hour special... OK, I'll give it a try. 

He pointed me to one of several rooms with walls to the ceiling and proper doors- all good signs. A largish Thai girl (heavy set for Thai) introduced herself as Kung, speaking good English and said she would be back in a moment. No silly massage shorts or directions to keep underwear on, but I half draped the towel across a cheek just in case. 

Kung returned,  asking how I liked my massage, I told her to make it hard and she seemed to get the joke but proceeded to give a very firm massage - which is my preference. She climbed up on the table several times alternating sitting on my back and kneeling between my legs. Just what I needed. This was a good, almost sensual FBM, well worth the $45. No real TT, or ab work after the flip, and I was disappointed that she moved to the head of the table for a face massage finish. 

When she said all done, I put my head up and looked down at the woodie, locked eyes with her, raised my eyebrows. She asked almost surprised if I wanted extra service. Yep, sure do, well, she knew her way around and did a nice completion, using 2 hands and no rush. She kept some eye contact and made little orgasmic faces and did some nice sympathetic heavy breathing noises- all good fun and pleasant. 

Kung works there  Mondays. Some other girls were wearing dresses, which says there is probably less of the previous owners therapeutic emphasis. For the security conscious, there is also a backdoor entrance here as there is a lot of cafe and pedestrian traffic out front.

Thai Therapy Massage Blacktown Pty Ltd | Massages | Gumtree Australia Blacktown Area - Blacktown | 1113386217


Floor: #2
Post Time: 30th June 2017, 09:45 PM
Poster ID: Genesis
Post Title: 
 Thai Massage - 80 Main St Blacktown NSW - 0402 758 997
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : yee-yeisha or something like like

Establishment : Thai massage Blacktown

Date of Visit : 22.7.17

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :  80 Main St Blacktown NSW - 0402 758 997

Hours of Business : 10am - 8pm

Rates : 
$35 - 30min
$60 - 60min

Age : 25 ish

Size/shape : about size 10 to 12, nice and tight/firm though

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Massage (R&T) / nude

Value for money/recommend? : meh

My experience/comments : 

I went to this place the other week, I was going to put a review up before but could not find the address details on web so note it when was in Blacktown this week.

The place had two entrances, I choose the rear (at the end of the arcade alley). Went in and two girls in waiting room they looked up from their phone very disinterested, I was thinking ok a mamasan going to pop up in a minute but after an awkward silence one of them pointed for me to go to the front.

At the front was papasan (Indian chap nice enough) He showed me the price list which had more than one choice of the type of massage on offer, I said (I really was not sure) do you have a sign out the front for $55? I said no big deal just curious, he said oh that other place on corner - he said I will do same price $50 for 60min ( Even though I noted prices as advertised above not negotiated) 

So he calls one of the girls and strip off room was nice enough. She was not a stunner (well sort of will explain) but not ugly, I asked her name, and its like one of those double names - funny thing is I repeated it back twice (differently) and she said yes thats right both times lol.
Massage was nothing to write home about but was, nahh, was about to say not bad, but cant say it was not bad, cause it was not good. She seemed very limited in massage knowledge kind of just prodding at the same areas.

Anyway asked to turn over and asked if I want nude and hand job - was not really interested in Full service as she had not really ushed any buttons up until that point. So I reached in pant pocket and pulled out $40 that was in there and she was happy with that. 

Now - some good and some pretty ordinary followed.

She stripped of and revealed a very tight nice body, and by no means did I mind but one of the hairiest muffs I have seen in a very long time especially on a younger girl. (yes that was the good)
Then followed what can only be described as one of the worst tugs everrr, imagine trying to get a plant out of the soil of your garden, and using both hands to try and pry it out of the ground roots and all - well that was the method used and needless to say I tried to get over the line and she seemed exhausted (and kind of felt sorry for her as she was apologetic, and I think she needs some lessons or guidance but I was not in teacher mode).


For $50 1 hour massage, even though it was bit crap and $40 for nude hj was not a big lose but wont be back at this stage.

(Picture of front door which goes up-stairs attached)


Floor: #3
Post Time: 7th July 2017, 04:35 PM
Poster ID: dickbrown
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks Genesis.
Mods, this post for Blacktown should probably be in the "Northwest" thread (rather than Bankstown area). 
Reviewed it there a year ago, but I foolishly did not put the address in the header (sorry), and since the shop was sold, the mobile number has changed from 0421 235 346, though it sounds like the same SriLankan receptionist is still there. The $50 hour was the early bird special (before 1pm). Never seen any stunners there, but agree with Genesis that more on offer with negotiation.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 7th July 2017, 04:51 PM
Poster ID: nextlif
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks DB. Ive merged the two threads into the Northwest area and added the new number to the title.


