Floor: #1
Post Time: 25th August 2018, 04:29 PM
Poster ID: unclepj
Post Title: 
 Lyton Massage. 4, 4/6 Lyton St Blacktown 0431 165 232
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Samantha

Establishment : Lyton Massage

Date of Visit : Wed 22/08/18

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.massageblacktown.com.au/

Phone :0431 165 232

Hours of Business : Call

Rates : 60/60 + 50 NHJ

Age : 23 Looked <19

Size/shape : 6 body A+ boobs Killer young body

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Massage, B2B HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yep. one to develop

My experience/comments : Dont know which perve pages I saw this advertised on but it has a general website and was new
Owned by the same people as Great Western Hyw Wentworthville

Called to make sure it was open and a very young voice answered 2 girls free now
Upstairs to be greeted by Samantha & a cash only sign
First impressions is a old office, full high walls and doors that dont lock
Sam gets up from behind the desk and she is about 5' and a smoking hot body. Very short black dress and awesome legs. Not much boobs but they would soon be out to see
Sam has been doing massage for 2 years

Undressed and she came back in and the massage was quite OK. She gave a good thai style massage with lots of pulling and prodding and stretching

Hands up onto her legs quite early for some nice exploration of her very tight young body.
She gave some nice soft fingers tackle tease that was quite sensual and had me getting aroused

Flipped over and sat up as normal. Grabbed her by the waist and drew her into me for some discussion on extras 
Only ended up undressing her, that was nice as her body is very sexy
She gave me a good finish with a body slide, kisses around my balls, humping my thighs (that was good) and finally a very very good HJ

She did not like her pussy played with but what I had to feel it was nice. Boobs were allowed light kisses but no mouth or lip kissing

Very pleasant time with a very sexy young massage girl. 
There is 3 girls her every days so take your pick as the shop is new and there is bound to be some fun had behind the closed doors. 
The best thing of the layout is that the rooms are not close together so noise will not be heard

Very successful TOFTH

Let us know your views


Floor: #2
Post Time: 26th August 2018, 10:36 PM
Poster ID: maxwell
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Unc your adventures are tempting me out of winter hibernation. Good find.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 1st September 2018, 01:22 PM
Poster ID: dickbrown
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Candy
Establishment: Lyton Massage
Date of Visit: 28 August, 2018
Contact Details/Address/Weblink: 8632 4646 / 1, 4-6 Lyton St, Blacktown https://www.massageblacktown.com.au/ 
Hours of Business: 10-7:30
Rates:   $35/50/60  30/45/60
Age: 30 
Size/shape: 156 cm, 55-60kg, Medium, D Cup natural
Nationality or Ethnicity: Thai
Services Provided: FBM, Nude B2b
Value for money/WIR: OK/Good service

Comments: I saw an ad for a new shop near my afternoon, so I called to check availability (prior to reading Unc's good post above). I heard what sounded like a Thai accent. Receptionist confirmed Thai girls at the shop, bingo, so said I'd be there soon. The shop is upstairs in a small strip mall, with good parking, not too far from BTown's industrial parks. It appears linked to the Thai shop on Phillip Street in Parra as well as G W Hi-way. I walked upstairs through an indiscrete front door (did not see a back entrance) and was met by "Candy", a buxom Thai lass, dressed for success in a short cocktail dress, displaying bare legs and lots of cleavage. 
She showed me into a clean room, with real walls to the ceiling.  I stripped, and laid face down on the smallish massage table. Candy brought the change and I was soon watching my therapist in the vertical wall mirror while we had some pleasant chit chat. Candy has good English (also speaks Mandarin) and bonus, she has trouble keeping those lovely D natural mams from busting out of her bra. 

Watching her work on me in the mirror and seeing half of a brownish nipple peaking out of her dress I felt that any resolve in my negotiation skills would soon be weakened. Candy continued a slow sensual FBM with lots of light brushes on ass, crack and sack before administering the more serious TT prior to flip. She declined the offer of standard 50 for nude, demanding 70 with a smile "including B2B and body slide" (inflation!) and would not do FS. She assured me of a nice "cha-cha" slow slide session, even placing my cock briefly to her lips. She rotated around a lot, displaying wonderful views and sat astride me with two hands working for the finale. Yeah, a little cashy for the area and service, but I left a happy chappy and enjoyed my time with a nice girl. But, I won't rush back. Candy says she only works Tuesday.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 3rd September 2018, 08:14 PM
Poster ID: maxwell
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Tiffany

Establishment : Lyton Massage

Date of Visit : 1st Monday of September 18'

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.massageblacktown.com.au/

Phone :0431 165 232

Hours of Business : ?

Rates : 50 for 45

Age : I'd say 30's

Size/shape : Size 8-10. C's

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Massage, B2B HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments 

The prospect of a good MP so close to Richmond Rd was enticing (thanks Unc and DB), so in I went, no booking. But I ended up having to ring and ask where the entrance was, as I could see the “massage” sign on second floor, but no dedicated doorway. Got that sorted and up the dirty carpet staircase, which reminded me of other similar places long gone in Seven Hills.

As I open the door, up perks a girl from behind the counter. Im a little disappointed in the sense that I like Thai girls, and she looked either Korean or Chinese. But happy in the sense that her bust was popping out of her uniform/dress thing. Her hair is cut in some sort of bob, like Dora I guess. I settle on 45 minutes which sets me back $50.

Onto the table, and its been such a long time that I have had a good massage, that I actually am hoping for a better massage than anything else. And she did not disappoint. Chose medium pressure and she was great. The only indication so far that anything further was going to occur, was that she instructed me to take undies off…. You know the drill. Covered me with a big towel, which also was welcome because it was a cold rainy afternoon. Maybe after 15, I touched her legs to indicate my intentions and she did not shy away. After TT while doing my legs, she instructed to turn over, and the extras question popped. HJ alone was $20, and HJ B2B was $50. I asked her if she did anything else, and she said no, hesitated, and asked “what did you want?”. I asked for a BJ, and says she doesn’t like it, but again, hesitated and said, ok for $60. Sensing that I had possibly negotiated her into something she didn’t want to do, I said, lets just stick with the B2B HJ, which I guess she appreciated.

Uniform was off in a flash, and jumps ontop , rubbing her tits over my dick. After drawing attention, she comes up and puts her tits in my mouth. I’d say size C cups…. But I could be wrong…. Big enoughto squeeze together, but not big enough to place in my mouth at the same time. I reach down while paying attention to her tits and fondle her clit via the back, which she enjoyed for several minutes. Jumps off to oil her hands up and she kneels to my side (ass view in the mirror) to allow access to her pussy with my hands. Started jerking me off while I pushed thumb into pussy, which drove her nuts. She matched my hand pace with hers, and soon the party was over.

Clean up, thank you’s, and headed out. Two other girls were now sitting behind the counter, but I could not get a good look, so maybe it is a three girl operation here.

Max


Floor: #5
Post Time: 3rd September 2018, 09:08 PM
Poster ID: unclepj
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Nice to see you back Max
Unc


Floor: #6
Post Time: 21st September 2018, 04:25 PM
Poster ID: unclepj
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Baby

Establishment : Lyton Massage

Date of Visit : 21/09

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : As above

Phone :0431 165 232

Hours of Business : Call

Rates : 50/45

Age : 20 looks true

Size/shape : Sixe 6 B size boobs

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Massage, B2B HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yup

This shop is on the way home so a visit after work on a Friday is very pleasant
Baby answered the upstairs door and took me to the left hand side room. Watching her ass walk in front of me was very hot as she is very cute, pretty face, great body covered in a tight grey mini dress and that sexy ass
Paid the rent and she left for me to undress and have many carnal thoughts about her.
I have been lucky these 2 times to have very attractive young women to massage me. She came back in and I could tell that this would be a great massage with little else on offer. She stood to the side of the table and we had some pleasant small talk about if she works anywhere else (no) how long she has been Australia (1 year) boyfriend (no) where she lived in Thailand (Bangkok) etc

The massage was very good and they have installed a small mirror positioned just right to view her sexy ass as she worked on me for about 25 minutes. Hot towel and turn over time.

You want hand job?  You undress? yes $50, Any other extras for more cash? NO!
I sat up to undress her. You lie down, I undress myself. Can I help? NO! in the end I lay down and watched her undress. Grey mini dress over the head to revel the typical 20 year old Thai body. Awesome is the way to describe her body. Pink undies came of and a cute pair of B' boobs where there for my pleasure. What can I touch? You can touch here on outside (points to pussy), you can touch boobs, Can I kiss nipples? Only right hand side one, left is sore and it did seem to have a irritation

Baby gave me a very nice HJ and I brought her body down to have a nice suck on her RHS nipple. Tasty! In the end I had her lay alongside me and she proceeded with a very sexy B2B slide with her pussy just out of reach of my very hard cock. I even managed a small kiss from her. Just lips only
She finished me of to a very nice hard blow and cleaned me up while we talked about next visit and what she would not do.
She will do NHJ & B2B and thats it. Even offered her $500 for sex next time to see what she would do but answer still no.

If you want a great massage with a hot young girl then I have had 2 great times here

Enjoy

Unc


