Thread Title: North Richmond Chinese Massage - 0451183293
Floor: #1
Post Time: 3rd December 2018, 01:55 PM
Poster ID: unclepj
Post Title: 
 North Richmond Chinese Massage - 0451183293
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Bobo

Establishment : Nth Richmond Chinese Massage

Date of Visit : 3/12/18

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :  https://nsw.locanto.com.au/ID_297672...pic-24-24.html
          Riverview St Nth Richmond

Phone :0451183293

Hours of Business : Call

Rates : 150 / 45

Age : 27

Size/shape : Size 7, C size boobs, Nice erect nipples, long black hair, nice lips & loves to DFK

Nationality or Ethnicity : Malay

Services Provided : FS

Value for money/recommend? : Not bad but as so close to home unlikely to return

My experience/comments : I have posted this in Massage as the sign out the front says Chinese Massage

Had the day to myself so looked through Locanto to see what was happening in the Hawkesbury. Came across Bobo's ad and called. To my surprise it was answered by a nice voice who gave me details of service etc. FS is an open option and is shown in the locanto ad
Arrived and was quite dubious as to what type of old troll I was going to meet when the door opened as I approached with the ML standing behind out of site
Very pleasant surprise with Bobo in a tight short red dress and 3" heels. A slap on her ass and follow her into the room. Really basic as they have only been opened 10 days. Fold out lounge as the bed with a sheet on top.

Down to business. She is there alone but another girl does come to do massage. Peel her out of her dress to revel a nice tight body. Back too me as I take of her bra and release her C size puppies. Very nice and firm so not too old. Sexy red undies fall to her ankles and she steps out of them as I turn her around for some light kisses as she warms up and wipes off her red lipstick before sliding her tongue into my mouth. Yum Yum Yum!
Bobo likes her nipples sucked and her boobs caressed before she lays me down for some serious foreplay on me and some more DFK 
Cat bath on my balls and scrotum area before domming me to CBJ before I get her to lie along me so we can 69. Nice pussy that is very clean & tasty. Quite tight and firm as i lick her clit that is quite large. Back pussy looks nice so a digit is slid into this without too much noise from her. Only too the first knuckle joint but still enough to tell she is very tight back there

I get close to cumming so have her mount me reverse cowgirl which is a very nice sight as she slides that firm pussy along my deeply bedded cock. You do me she says so I stand beside the bed and grab her hips to once again implant myself into her pussy. Thumb is placed on her back pussy and pushed inside again. Getting close to finish and we get into mish which is very nice with her as I can lock lips with her and get very aroused. She is a good sex partner
Im tired and not finished yet. I lay back down and motion to Bobo to finish me by hand. She smiles takes the dom off and engulfs me into her mouth BBBJ. Oh yes that is good.
As she kneels beside me my hand goes to her ass and I lubricate her anal passage and this time the finger goes all the way in. So tight and hot there. Thats it for me as I get ready to cum she lifts of and I blow onto her left boob.
She smiles before cleaning me up. She goes of for a shower and offers a massage on her return. Its been 40 minutes so a quick head rub and I dress and leave. No shower offered but thats ok as im close to home and no-one is there.

Good time with a sexy young women who has a really cute face and smile
Dont know if I will go back in a hurry as this is so close to home 

As i said it is advertised as a Massage place but it will be a welcome addition to the Hawkesbury

Enjoy
Unc


