Thread Title: Penrith Magic Hands Massage - High Street Penrith - 0449 777 165
Floor: #1
Post Time: 8th November 2019, 03:53 PM
Poster ID: james31
Post Title: 
 Penrith Magic Hands Massage - High Street Penrith - 0449 777 165
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Amy


Establishment : Penrith Magic Hands Massage


Date of Visit : 2-12-19 Saturday


Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Shop 11, 566-568 High St Penrith

https://sydney.locanto.com.au/ID_393...x-massage.html

Phone : 0449 777 165


Hours of Business : 9am - 7pm


Rates : 60 minute $55 massage more for extra's


Age : 40 ish


Size/shape : Small, size 8 smallish tits , average looks


Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese


Services Provided : Massage, CBJ, FS


Value for money/recommend? : Sure , for another cheap RnT place that does extra's


Your experience/comments :  A new shop has popped up in Penrith, this one is in a covered laneway with some other businesses around but it is quiet and is reasonably discreet ( except you have to ring the bell to be let in so you are left to stand in the laneway like a shag on a rock ! ).  The doorway is close to the rear of the laneway and the back carpark which services a dentist amongst others but there is plenty of other parking in the back carparks if this one is full.

When I visited on Saturday there appeared to be only Amy on, I guess the place will be quiet until word gets around, the shop would appear to be owned by whoever advertises on Locanto under Gordon Massage , the other places escape me but there are a few around.

The rooms have doors but the walls do not go all the way to the ceiling so you will hear the goings on next door, once I had ascertained that no one else was around while I was lying down I asked Amy what extra's she offered, she immediately gave the hip thrust and the asking look ( you want sex ) ,she speaks virtually no English, "Sure" I say, "how much you pay" she says, not really knowing the pricing structure I offer her $100 for sex and a blowjob which she readily accepts so I probably could have got it cheaper but fair pay for fair work I say...

Amy immediately takes my money and disappears to get the obligatory bag with condom, gets her gear off straight away and motions for me to lie down, she whacks on the dom and starts with a basic catbath and ball licking and a reasonable blow job, I could sense this was not going to go the way of the better GF experiences since kissing was off the cards and she seemed to be rushing the service so I was not keen on asking if  DATY was on offer , she mounted me cowgirl and rode me for a while with no real eye contact which was not doing much for me so I got her to lay down and pounded her till I blew.  In all honesty the sex was all a bit mechanical but if you want to get your rocks off for not much money it was OK.

The best part was the massage that followed, her massage was super strong for such a small thing and I have to say I probably enjoyed it way more than the sex.

Anyway it is early days and the girls will vary so here is hoping they don't just load the place with old ducks like some RnT places do and hopefully there will be some nice talent on offer, time will tell.


