Floor: #1
Post Time: 16th June 2017, 09:35 PM
Poster ID: Genesis
Post Title: 
 Relax Massage - 117 Flushcombe Rd, Blacktown. 0426 895 088 / 0449 885 308
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Pretty sure was Lisa

Establishment : Blacktown COCO massage 

Date of Visit : 18.5.17

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0449 885 308 

Hours of Business : 9.30am - 7pm

Rates : 
30 mins ------ $30
45 mins ------ $40
60 mins ------ $50


Age : about early 40s

Size/shape : Slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Massage + FS

Value for money/recommend? : Meh - would say no

My experience/comments : 

Went to this place mid May. I parked on the street rather than in back yard, I had been to this place a few years back but all the M/L were busy and had not returned until now.
Walked around the back and through door to a glass sliding door, seen someone laying on the lounge with a blanket and after knocking I realised i had woken them up.
So she is the only one on, slim Chinese, somewhere in 40's at a guess, and wore glasses. Took the option of the hour as found it cheap and was asked hard or soft which I always like as normally means massage is going to be some what decent, opted for hard.
Massage was good without being great, but for the price I am not complaining it was relaxing. 
When the time came told to turn over, was asked if I wanted nude + hj for $50? I said do you do anything else, she asked such as? I said Do you do full service? She said yes, how much you pay? I have had a few like this and I think they all know going rate is pretty much $50 but will see if you will offer more --- I didn't - I said $0 in which she agreed and said she would return with condom. 
She cam back got undressed and not a bad body, took off her glasses which I kind of di not mind and She sucked for about a minute, she positioned her self on the end of the bed and closed her eyes as if she someone had dared her to go on a roller coaster and she was just waiting for it to end to collect on the bet.
Perhaps was just one of those things with no click between us which is fine.
Massage was no bad as I mentioned and for the price I may very well return one day.

On a side note when leaving she said did you park on the road? I said yes and she took me out the front (chiropractor) entrance which I suspect is no longer working there or perhaps just a day off - but did not look like was set up for 2 separate business only one - but could be wrong.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 16th October 2017, 03:07 PM
Poster ID: JRx$yd
Post Title: 
 Relax Massage - 117 Flushcombe Rd, Blacktown. 0426 895 088
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lea Lea

Establishment : Relax Massage

Date of Visit : 16/10/2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 117 Flushcombe Rd, Blacktown. 0426 895 088

??????Angela, Meme 22 Blacktown top Massage, grand opening, great service, you can't miss . - Sydney body rubs - cracker.com.au


Hours of Business : 10 am to 7pm

Rates : $55 /60 min Nude HJ $50

Age : mid 30's

Size/shape : 10 / firm not full

Nationality or Ethnicity :  Chinese (guess)

Services Provided :  Massage HJ Nude

Value for money/recommend? :  ok/ YMMV

My experience/comments : 

Now I have my regulars, I like to mix .it up now and again. Saw this add in Cracker and though, hey its new. Research on here is it is old but new again. Was a Chiro place, now and RnT.

Basically a house with a driveway up the back, packed on the back lawn and in the back door. I always call first, and knew there was someone available. No idea who though. Led into a clean room straight off the entry. Asked for an hours and parted with $55, my ML, checked the price list and though I gave her $45, so English and money skills not great, but we got there in the end.

Strip off and on the table, no talking, just straight into a firm oil massage. I must of had the room with the door chime, as every time I drifted off, the ding dong of the back door woke me, so not that relaxing. Big signs say not sex or sexual acts, so relaxing into a good firm massage.

Lea Lea was not very chatty, but I could hear others ML through the walls, and they did like a chat. No complaints here, the massage was excellent when not in use the private bits were covered with a towel. Finish off with a HOT towel to clean off the oil.

Then asked to turn over, and the universal hand signal for HJ, yes please and nude! Lee Lea oiled up little JR and away she went, not much elegance just tug away, climbed on the table for a bit of body rub but wasn't comfortable. Back down and finished off by hand, clean up and job well done, with 10 minutes to go, Lea Lea worked the legs with a good remedial massage which was a nice change, but not conducive to my after glow.

Wont be my new spot in Blacktown, but worth a visit if at least to support a new shop in an old spot.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 8th November 2017, 03:58 PM
Poster ID: unclepj
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Cini

Establishment : Relax Massage

Date of Visit : 07/11/17

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : ??????Amanda, Angela 22 BLACKTOWN top Massage, grand opening, great service, U can't miss?? - Sydney body rubs - cracker.com.au
Hours of Business : 10-7

Rates : 45 - 60 min

Age : says 23 between 30 - 45 The skin texture gives it away

Size/shape : size 6. A cups quite attractive

Nationality or Ethnicity : PRC

Services Provided : Massage NHJ

Value for money/recommend? : MMMMMH?

My experience/comments : 
Have seen these ads for a short period on cracker and as it is close to work paid it a visit
Greeted by Cindi ina very tight short red dress
First thing to notice is her legs are very long, second is the face that is much older than 23
Inside is quite nice and the rooms are very private with lockable doors. Transaction done she goes for change

Massage starts quite well but her engrish is quite limited but passable. After the mandatory 10 minutes her leg is cupped by my hand and it is very soft and smooth. Again this is not the leg of a young PRC woman and I have felt quite a few
I tell her the legs are nice and soft to pay a compliment and she is soon at the top of the table so I can play with both legs and a nice high butt.
You like she asks with my reply of yes very nice. A bit more exploration of her lace panties and I ask if she likes to which she answered yes very nice.

Overall the massage is very good for about 20 minutes and I enjoyed felling her body

She motions me to turn over and asks what I would like and how much I pay. I had not brought a dom but there was the standard $50 on my jeans for the clothes off and naked HJ

She started to take her dress of but I took over ad slowly undressed her while giving fairy kisses all over. Boobs were very nice inside the bra but once off there was little holding them up and again not the nice tight A or B cups from Jojo and co who are 24
Cindi lover her boobs and nipples kissed and sucked. She put her pussy onto my leg and ground away getting herself off

Turned her back to me as I pulled down her knickers and slid my dick along her bum crack. Her hand came back to stroke me as I pulled her neck back brushed her hair away and started to get her very horny. Index finger onto her clit and within 5 minute her knees buckled and crossed as she dropped to almost floor level in a huge orgasm. I cum so much she says as she makes me lie down to finish me.
She straddles my chest reverse and just out of reach of my tongue but I soon encourage her back to give her freckle and pussy a good lashing. She comes again!

I'm so turned on I shoot onto her neck.

Clean up with a warm towel and time to go

She whispers to come back next Tuesday for more fun.

Would I return? Not for her but maybe to sample some others as I have a very selection of great girls depending on the day and what I want

Quite good fun and who knows what you will end up with if you have the correct equipment and the correct cash.

Enjoy
Unclepj


Floor: #4
Post Time: 8th November 2017, 04:04 PM
Poster ID: unclepj
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hi Mods
This should be in Therapeutic Massage not establishments
Thanks
Unc


Floor: #5
Post Time: 10th November 2017, 06:44 AM
Poster ID: nextlif
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by unclepj


Hi Mods
This should be in Therapeutic Massage not establishments
Thanks
Un
"""



Thanks Unc. Looks like this place changed from FS to Massage so Ive started a new thread for the massage reviews and retired the original thread. Anyone looking for it can find it here


Floor: #6
Post Time: 25th January 2019, 01:26 PM
Poster ID: LUNGOR
Post Title: 
 Blacktown Remedial Massage 117 Flushcombe road  Blacktown NSW 2148, 02 8809 2773, 0426 895 088
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Tina

Establishment : Blacktown Remedial Massage (big sign outside says: MASSAGE, Chiropractic Clinic !)

Date of Visit : January 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 117 Flushcombe road Blacktown NSW 2148 - it's a private house. see website for current real photos inside the house. (outside looks 100% legit ! inside 100% RnT !!)

Phone: 02 8809 2773, Mobile: 0426 895 088

http://www.blacktownremedialmassage.com.au/

Hours of Business : 10.am - 7.pm

Rates : $35/30 min, $45/45, $55/60

Age : Typical MILF, mid 30's ?

Size/shape : medium built, average plain Chinese MILF looks.

Nationality or Ethnicity : PRC

Services Provided : no time for massage, all I want was a quickie HJ and that's what I got.

Value for money/recommend? : if only I was in the same area again and have no time................lol

My experience/comments : 


Work requirement took me out to the wild wild wild West yesterday and coming back to the city in early afternoon, thinking about a quickie RnT somewhere for an in and out in 20 min or something like that. I wish I had more time, then there are plenty of choices either in Granville for a quick fuck or along Parramatta Road. But then again, it will be after 3pm when I got back to the inner west and parking will be a problem ?? So I thought might as well just do it locally, knew about this place in Blacktown Flushcombe Road so park the car on the road side to do a quick search to get the address. 117 here I go !!

Got there and street parking right in front, there is a big sign out the front of this normal look house: MASSAGE, Chiropractic Clinic

Looks totally legit ?? walk closer to the side entrance and the sliding door was half open and some sort of lace curtain/drapes covering the doorway, that's not quite what you would expect from a legit Chiropractor's office, get closer to have a peep inside, well, feeling much better, as it was decorated with some cheap looking Asian style stuff where you would find in cheap brothels and RnT shops, I can't describe it but if you click into their website (which looks very professional until you explore the "gallery" for the actual scenes inside the house and you will know instantly what I mean, that room with the orange corner shelfing was MY room yesterday.............haha

So as I entered the house, a Chinese MILF comes to greet me, average looking everything and got RnT written all over her face and outfits. she smiles and ask you want massage ?

I spoke Mandarins to her and asked: I just want a quick HJ, OK ? she smiles and knob and show me into a room on the right. fully enclosed, as per the website photo. I said I only have 15 min, what is the minimum charge? 30 min, I look on the wall for the price list and it said $35 for 30 min. I have a quick calculation in the head, $35 + $20 tip for a 15 min HJ, wonder if I could get it cheaper ?

So I said, 15 min HJ, no massage just shooting the airplane, how much ?

You want me to take off clothes?

I look at her body, not a busty MILF, I can see the heavy padding in her bra, so may be a smallish B or A Cupper, so I said no need, she said just beat the airplane $20 tip. I bargain back and said I only have 15 min, $50 total OK ? she said OK, so I handed over the cash and ask to use the bathroom. walked into the main lounge area, two more MILFs were there, both should be older than Tina (I got her name later) and not busty so I wouldn't have picked them anyway. the oldest MILF I later found out is the boss and she is also the "Chiropractor" so I guess if I really need something fix, I could see this older lady.

back from the wee wee, into the same room, Tina had already prepared the table with the pillow up, I place it under the disposable cover and Tina said you are very clean !

To save time, I only took my pants off, kept my shirt on (I was really stealing this work time to have this session !) so I was only bottom less and lay down, spread my legs and let Tina begin.

She placed the oil bottle on the table and started some light brushing of my inner thighs, balls and softy softy cock, we have a little chat, got her name, it was a quiet day, I was only her second customer. and she only works there on the Thursday. I slide my right hand into her mid section which is not covered by any clothing, soft white skin, and Tina immediately said she is fat, I said, you are OK, I like some meat on woman, then I put my left hand to give her breast a quick cupping over clothes, yeap, very heavily padded, so probably not much tits inside, so I couldn't be bothers to try to take the tits out - after all I didn't pay for the nude so wasn't really entitled to play with her tits - but then again, she has a quiet day, I think if I do it gently, she probably won't mind me touching her a bit more, but since there ain't much to play with anyway, I didn't go any further.

more oil was added and lil Ah started to wake up, as soon as Tina grab hold the whole length of me she said you are very strong and very hard. I just play along and said, I'm old man now, but still very horny, so I need to shoot out all the times, so I come to massage places like this. I don't really want to fuck just like to have a woman's hands to help me "beat it out !"

You come see me again when you have more time, I'll give you more service, very good service ?

Like a blow job ?

Anything you want.

Make love too ?

yes,

But I can't fuck too long now, I come very quick, like 2 minutes, so not much fun and very expensive.

we can fuck very slow and you enjoy.

But fuck slow I will be soft very quick,

I blow you up again, don't worry, you see me, I look after you, I guarantee you enjoy my make love.

OK. 

during these talk, I was getting closer, and it's only been 5 min, well, I was press for time, but I still have enough time for a 15 min HJ, and why not make the most of it, it's a $50 HJ after all. so I have to slow Tina down a bit and let her do the groin areas and rimming a bit before starting over again, now, as far as HJ goes, Tina is a pass mark, I was actually a bit disappointed that she wasn't more skillful and gave me a more sensual and erotic HJ. but she is quite willing to please and take instructions and suggestions very well, pretty sure she is a 30% better RnT massage girl after my session.

Now, time is nearly up and I was ready to cum. so I told Tina to add more oil, use both hands and bring me to the climax !! As I was still wear my work shirts, as I was getting close, I told Tina and she took some tissue paper on her left hand to block and catch my cums while the right hand got me over the line, once again, I have to hold down her jerking hand as she was just about to let go after the shooting out. told her thou shalt not let go of your client's cock after her cums, you can slow down, doing it gently and slow and continue to jerk until the customer signal you to stop, but then, still don't let go, continue to touch, caress his cock and balls for another 1 to 2 minutes and your customers will come back !! if you not sure how long is 2 minutes , count to 100 in your head.

You are very experienced in massage shop ?

A little bit, but many massage girl don't really know what a man wants, before, during and after the beating airplane an so many of them can do a better job if they want to and will earn lot of regular customers !

Cleaning up is next and I was out there in 20 min all up, mission accomplished and a much happier man driving back to the city in those heat.

WIR, probably not, but it's always good to know that there is a RnT shop out there in certain area, you never know where and when will you have the urge.

Cheers


Floor: #7
Post Time: 9th March 2019, 01:51 PM
Poster ID: jabba70
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Monica

Establishment : Blacktown Remedial Massage 117 Flushcombe Road

Date of Visit : 8/3/2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : http://www.blacktownremedialmassage.com.au/

Phone : 02 8809 2773, Mobile: 0426 895 088

Hours of Business : 

Rates : standard $35/$45/$55  

Age : late 20's 

Size/shape : size 6 a-B cups long dark hair , tight body

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : NHJ, ball and cock licking, LFK

Value for money/recommend? : Oh Yes

My experience/comments : Looks 7/10 , sexiness 10/10   

She was very playful and affectionate which I love.  She also had lovely painted red fingernails which is a big turn on.  Made sure there was a spectacular finale anyway. 

I arrived and was greeted by Monica and I was very happy to have lucked out with her.  I have tried here a few times and it ha been lacklustre to say the least. I have walked out half time as the girls did not interest me.  But Monica was hands down the cutest I had seen there or anywhere for that matter.  

She was immediately playful and friendly and kept smiling and winking at me. A totally different experience to my recent trip to 313 Bella Vista with YaYa who was cold and toxic.  

Anyway lets forget about that one....back to lovely Monica. 

I decided to lay on my stomach and she started being naughty straight away without me saying anything. After about 5 mins where she licked her way from my bottom to my ear I couldn't resist lifting my head and smiling at her and she planted a wet kiss on my mouth which prompted me to sit up.  

She then sexily snaked her tongue down my torso until she started to lick and suck my balls and shaft of my cock.  All the time stopping to look up at me and smile with a naughty smile. 

This was going to be a fantastic session.  

I didn't try to get into her pants so I am not sure what her limits are there but suffice to say with her sexiness and OMG red fingernail polish she made spurt twice onto my belly and chest.  This was quite a feat considering I had only come the day before AND I normally just dribble.  

She didn't pre-negotiate extras and I gave her $70 considering the nice licking downstairs and kissing she provided.  

Would highly recommend. 

She said she works mainly in Maroubra and Liverpool though so not sure how often she will be available here


Floor: #8
Post Time: 3rd June 2019, 07:44 PM
Poster ID: jabba70
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Wendy

Establishment : Blacktown Massage

Date of Visit : 29th May 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 

Phone : 02 8809 2773, Mobile: 0426 895 088

Hours of Business : 

Rates : $35/$45/$55 

Age : Hard to say  - mid 30's plus

Size/shape : Size 10 natural b-c Cups, long dark hair,  average looking

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Naked Massage, No touching Pussy, no kissing, mechanical

Value for money/recommend? : Not even close

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

I have been making this one of regular spots as it is close to where I live and work and the boss lady is good at letting me know if there are girls on that I might like. "mostly" she is pretty good but lately I have had a few duds. Wendy was a dud. 

I would love to be able to go to a shop with the confidence that I will get a consistent product. Unfortunately the problem is that the shop owners have little control over what the girls do.  That being said, Jenny, the owner, is good at taking feed back and has offered discounts in the past to compensate for poor services. 

When I have a massage with a new girl I generally ask if they are happy to do a little bit of kissing.  This tells me if they are happy to be affectionate and cuddly with me. Some girls are not and that is good they say no.  If they are really young and hot then I might be happy to stay any way; sometimes I don't. 

What i don't like is a girl saying yes and then not being willing to go through with the service.  I won't go into a blow by blow but I started out on my back with Wendy and I allowed her to take the lead. It was very lack lustre with no effort to be really friendly or affectionate. I tried to gently caress and touch her but after she started pulling away I decided to leave. 

I paid for an hour and stayed for 15mins.  She had taken her clothes off and I asked her how much she would be happy with and she still wanted $50.  I have refused to pay girls in the past but I decided that I didn't want the drama this night and just left.


Floor: #9
Post Time: 4th September 2019, 08:41 PM
Poster ID: jabba70
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lucy
Establishment : Blacktown Massage

Date of Visit : Thursday 29th August 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://sydney.locanto.com.au/ID_177...promotion.html

Phone : 02 8809 2773, Mobile: 0426 895 088

Hours of Business : 

Rates : $35/$45/$55 

Age : Hard to say - early 20's 

Size/shape : Size 6 natural A-B Cups, dark hair, pretty young girl next door look

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Naked Massage,  HJ, DATY


My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

This was the second time I have seen Lucy.  The first times some months ago she gave me a nice massage and very limited experience in the second part, owing to her age and me being somewhat older, I figured better to look at other lady options. I find ladies aa little bit older usualy give as nicer and more adventurous service 

I found myself at the shop on way back from a shopping trip and was offered to see Lucy again.  I was hesitant as I really preffered to have more interaction but  I resigned myself to just having a nice relatively boring massage, but I decided to start on my back so that I could have a longer slow part two and just enjoy being touched.  I decided to sit up at one point and just have nice cuddle and touch her lovely young body and she happy enough to snuggle but was not encouraging any extra exploration downstairs. 

I decided to lay down again and moved so she could lay down and asked if she would like to lay down too. Suprisigly she did. So we just lay down and I admored her lovely breasts and after she asked if I was coming and I said soon!  

Then I asked if she liked coming too. She wasn't sure what I meant and I pointed to her vagina and made motion with my tongue and asked " do you like?".  She smiled and nodded.   So she got up, spun around and placed her lovely pussy just in reach of my tongue but just a little bit away so that I could just lick her.  OMG her pussy was so small and gorgeous!  I found myself getting over heated way to quickly and while I kept asking her to slow down so that I could enjoy my new found inner access I wasn't able to stop myself popping. 

So a suprising little session from our new little friend Lucy.


Floor: #10
Post Time: 26th December 2019, 10:17 AM
Poster ID: jabba70
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Mandy
Establishment : Blacktown Massage

Date of Visit : Tuesday 24th December 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://sydney.locanto.com.au/ID_177...promotion.html

Phone : 02 8809 2773, Mobile: 0426 895 088

Hours of Business :

Rates : $35/$45/$55

Age : Hard to say - late 20's

Size/shape : Size 5 natural A-B Cups, dark hair, very small and petite, nice fingernails

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Naked Massage, Light kissing,  Cat bath, ball licking, 


Decided to visit one of my favorite regular shops.  Jenny the Mamasan is one of the most friendly and helpfull ladies I have met and I would high recommend this shop as her focus on customer service and satisfaction is second to none. 

And, no, I don't have shares in the business 

So she knows I love adventurous ladies and pretty fingernails so when I asked her if there was anyone on that she recommended she immediately nominated Mandy.  I decided to take the punt on a new service provider, I generally prefer to go with known quantities now days, hence my lack of reviews as I have been seeing same girls as previously reviewed,  but her enthusaism for Mandy gave me confidence to step out of my comfort zone. 

I decided to give myself a pre-christmas treat and have a nice soft massage from Jenny herself.  She gives the most exuisit soft slow teasing massage so I opted for 30min with her before seeing Mandy for an hour. 

well this really got me primed, as will become apparent. After the lovely touching from Jenny, mand came in and I was not disapointed. She is this petite little smiling lady that would love to just pickup and thrust into  - of course a friendly  hello and hand free admiration of the goodies was the polite thing to do. 

I was on my back with a towel across my nether parts and she was quick to disrobe me and her self and  start a playful cuddling, kissing, nibbling caressing session.  At one point she was licking all over my body and kneeled in front of me and I thought she might start to gobble me but instead licked my balls and flicked her toungue up and down my shaft and tip. OMG. 

The BJ was not be but we had a nice cuddle and she was happy to give little kisses which I love. The rest of the session was her just slowly stroking me. She was not very keen on being touched down below so I didn't keep pursuing that. Although later she asked if I wanted FS! This was with 10 mins to go so I declined as I was not interested in paying so much extra for so little time. 

The nice slow ending was fantastic. I love pretty fingernails and seeing her lovely hand slowly stroke me sent me over the edge with not one but TWO spurts onto my chest and belly!   spurting has become a very rare thing at my age (almost 50) but on occasion this makes me feel very content and impressed. 

She only works here tuesdays.  I would recommed giving her a try and also the shop as it is one of the good places in the area.


