Floor: #1
Post Time: 28th December 2019, 06:43 PM
Poster ID: Just_some_guy
Post Title: 
 Seven Hills Masage - 1/238 Prospect Highway Seven Hills - 0478 808 968
				
Post Content: 
Knowing I'd be in the area for work, I looked ahead both here and on locanto, and thought that this ad was at least a little promising. Unfortunately, I mis-remembered the unit number, and it was unit #2 I should have gone to, not unit #1.  If you tripped over the A-frame sign for one of the shops, you would literally fall onto the sign for the other.

Person's Name : Josephine

Establishment : Seven Hills Massage

Date of Visit : December 2019 Friday afternoon

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Web site 

Phone : 0478 808 968

Hours of Business : 7 days 10:00am - 7:30pm

Rates : $60 for an hour $50 HJ

Age : 40s

Size/shape : Medium / solid

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Massage, HJ

Value for money/recommend? : No

My experience/comments :

To summarise, the RNT I recieved was incredibly vanilla.  Not bad in any particular way, just not stand out either. My Massuese, (Josephine? - Strange pronunciation, sorry), was probably the mamasan, and was 40ish.  The place looks pretty small, maybe 2 -3 rooms.  There was one other girl there, who I heard sniffling and coughing occasionally during my session.  On my way out I spotted her, a much younger woman covered almost head to toe in a blanket.  She could have been another masseuse or a family member, I didn't want to stare and she was in the wrong location for me to get a good look on my way out.

The part 1 was competent, but as I've already said, far from stand out.  Part 2, after the usual hot towel to remove oil and flip, was OK, but not stand out.  I opted for the $50 for clothes off, which turned out to be topless only, and while my hands roamed as she worked, with no complaints, if anything she seemed bored.

Her post clean up massage to finish out the session, which was about about 5-10 minutes was actually quite good.  She gives me the impression that she's had some real remedial massage experience, and is either doing the RNT thing reluctantly, or just bored with it.

I certainly won't be going back here, but I'll probably give the place net door a try next time I'm in the area with extra cash on hand.


