Floor: #1
Post Time: 21st July 2017, 03:55 PM
Poster ID: dickbrown
Post Title: 
 Smile Touch (Thai) - 89 Queen St, St Marys - 9673 5003 / 0476 938 756
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Nina/Nana
Establishment: Smile touch
Date of Visit :  7 July, 2017
Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 9673 5003 0476 938 756 / 89 Queen St / Smiling Massage
Hours of Business : 10- 19:30
Rates :   30/45/60 = $35/50/60
Age :   30
Size/shape : Med Build for Thai, C cup nats
Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai 
Services Provided : FBM, B2B
Value for money/WIR: Yes, Good service

Comments:
Stopped at St Mary's to check out a new shop advertising on "Back Page". It turned out to be another Thai massage shop, set amidst 3 other overpriced therapeutic Thai shops on Queen St. Since this shop's web ad showed sexily clothed girls, I thought it would represent more fun before a drive home. Rocked in with no appointment, and the nice receptionist passed me to a prettyish 30 yo in a short tight dress. She led me into a clean, newly re-furbished room with full walls and lockable doors (all good signs and Nina asked early on in good English if I wanted the extra service. Yep. She did not return the change from the 2 50s I handed her, but I assumed correctly that the standard $50 toll would include the nude ending (more reliably b2b with Thai shops).

She did an OK FBM, then after the hot towel wipe, she got naked and started a sexy slow titty rub on my back, while straddling me and sliding around. She continued to breathe into my ears, nuzzling my neck and cheeks all the while making nice moaning sounds. Finally I was asked to turn over and she seemed a little self conscious about her belly appearance (some birthing evidence) but was soon straddling me, kissing my neck and sitting upright for a better view with my encouragement and complements. She has large dark nipples on C cup naturals, still in fair nick.  

 I asked if there was any FS offering; sadly she declined, but continued straddling me and rubbing her monkey on my belly and on my shaft in the simulated sex that is next best thing to FS. She sat upright, rubbing my cock while sliding her cooter up and down the shaft while making all the right noises and sexy faces. She finally got off table to finish me with both her hands, standing to the side with her ass in my direction. She was genuinely wet while I diddled her clit and shot my load. We cleaned up, more small talk and said goodbye to her and the friendly, smiling receptionist. All up, a good experience with a nice girl.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 14th November 2017, 06:24 PM
Poster ID: unclepj
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Alice

Establishment : Smiling Massage

Date of Visit : 13/11/17

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : As above

Hours of Business : 

Rates : 50 / 45 + 60 NHJ

Age : 30

Size/shape : Perfect 10 Killer smile 34 c

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Massage NHJ

Value for money/recommend? : yep

My experience/comments : I'd seen the cracker ads for this shop and thought I would TOFTT but alas I have been beaten

Arrived without a booking to be greeted by Alice. You know the sort just a smoking hot Thai woman any where from 25 - 35
Great smile and great english
settled on 45 minutes for $50 and straight up she says if you want to see my body $60. No protest about the cost would work so $60 it wasm
Massage was very good but you can tell not much is on offer as she stood alongside my bum just at full arm extension to play with her very delicious bum. She worked my legs first then the upper body very well with little TT at all. But the massage was good and we chatted about her home and other shops etc. Nothing sexy but I had a nice feel of her bum and legs.

Time to turn over and as she started to undress I sat up and helped which she did not mind. Nice boobs with very nice nipples. Great figure and she soon came in for a hug while I sat on the table edge. Legs very tight;y closed as she started to wank me.
Her neck & nipples got a lot of attention and she relaxed a little 
I lay down and she oiled her hand to commence a very good HJ while I finally managed to slide my index finger between her legs to work Alice's clit. Legs relaxed ever so slightly and her boobs came back to my mouth. She was getting into it just a little when I finished with a good delivery onto her wrist.
You like Alice asked. Very good I replied. Clean up with some more feeling of Alice and time to go.
I dont think there is a great deal on offer here with Alice but the place does have full height walls and solid doors so if you get the right girl in the right mood who knows
Alice is sooooo sexy and very good company I may return but so much pussy and so little money may make me choose wisely.

Go enjoy and if you crack one let us know
Unc


Floor: #3
Post Time: 9th February 2018, 07:38 AM
Poster ID: maxwell
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lily

Establishment : Smiling Massage

Date of Visit : 8th February 18

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : As above

Hours of Business : Closes at 7 or thereabouts

Rates : 60 / 60 + 50

Age : mid to late 20's

Size/shape : I'd guess a 10-12, big ass, B's.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Massage NHJ

Value for money/recommend? : Im not rushing back

My experience/comments :

Been here twice now. The place has soo much potential, but just falls short for me. Discrete factor is so so… front entry is a very busy foot traffic street, and back entrance is a long open laneway… visible for those walking from said busy street to the carpark. Walls are proper walls and rooms are enclosed and not curtained. On both occasions I have been met by two very good looking girls, which has always suckered me into an hour booking.

Anyway on this day, it was Lily, who is very very pretty. Tall and little bit solid build. Reminds me of Kimber (UnclePJ!!). Shes not super welcoming or warm, but I saw the other cute girl ushering in another customer from the front, so I didn't want to risk a changeover. Usual instructions to remove clothes etc and took care of financials.

The massage was reasonable competent, but my attempt to brush her legs with my hand to warm things up was received with a recoil. So this was not going to be a touchy feely punt at all. Little bit of conversation… her English is good, and she mentions that she think she has seen me before. Asked where else she works, she says this is her only shop at the moment, and she has worked in Parramatta previously. I told her no, I would remember your face if I'd seen you before, and I don't have any recollection. Once this was established that we haven't met before, she relaxed a lot, and offered her 'extra' service… which was nude HJ.

Left the room to go get a wet towel to wipe down, and on return, TT starts, which was nice. Turn over and she lets me watch her undress. Slim legs with a biggish ass if youre into that… Mid range B's I would guess. Let me play with them while she stood at my side and performed a basic HJ. Nothing exciting, just the inevitable.

While I was dressing and getting ready to bail, she explained that from the moment I walked in, she has assumed that I was a previous customer of hers. One that treated her badly and in her words she "fought" with. Too bad this assumption didn't do any favors for me, but she says she will remember me next time. As I mentioned, this place has soo much potential, but the staff ive come across seem to have their guard up too high. There are intimate HJ's, and there are cold HJ's. Ive received the latter here, from very good looking ML's who look like they would be fun to have an intimate HJ with.

Oh and when i returned to my pile of clothes where she had left my change, i notice she had taken her own tip of $5, which i was not impressed with on principle.

Max


