Thread Title: Sunshine Massage - Wentworthville - 02 8810 4930
Floor: #1
Post Time: 21st September 2019, 08:30 AM
Poster ID: Bunty4
Post Title: 
 Sunshine Massage - Wentworthville - 02 8810 4930
				
Post Content: 
Sunshine Massage, Wentworthville - 8810 4930
Person's Name : could not get exact name, limited communication

Establishment : Sunshine Massage Wentworthville

Date of Visit : midweek Sept 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Sunshine Massage - 0402 995 233 FIVE young and cute masseuses from 21 to 30 years old are working every day in Parramatta massage centre. They are strictly selected & professionally trained to provide our clients with high quality massage. - Sydney

Phone : (02) 8810 4930

Hours of Business : 10-8 (7:30 last booking)

Rates : $60 Massage ($30 or $50 or $70 extras for the usuals HJ or NHJ or B2B HJ)

Age : 20s

Size/shape : Slim with Sexy B/C Cups

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Massage + B2B + HJ

Value for money/recommend? : YMMV....I will plan another one before making up my mind

My experience/comments : 

Was in the area visiting a mate...he need an hour to get some chores done and I went for a stroll. Saw an inviting sign and addiction kicked in. Walked in and this time was a true punt....no research no reviews...it was early afternoon and was greeted at reception. Got an hours booking and then without checking out who is available stepped into a nice clean warm room. Must say place is very clean. I waited in room still dressed.

Walks in a nice looking girl with full body, the way I like it. Asks me first time here....yes. knew then that communication will be a big challenge. I like to talk a lot. She indicated to strip...which I did, with some help from her. She was ticking a box of naughty things to follow. 

On to table and starts a good massage...just right amount of pressure.it was relaxing. She was all over the table and was not shy of jumping and sitting on my bum while massaging my back. Time ticks to hot towel. All this time there was limited communication, attempt that I finally have up. I wish I knew Thai.

Part2 was sensual....of course 70$ menu for B2B. It was interesting communication with she indicating to her boobs and action of rubbing them on me. She knew what she was doing and I found it pleasureable. She had a good eye contact and allowed me good access to her upper body.

She then reached for my precious and worked it slowly with a great technique.... foreplay was long and HJ was short lived. She was moaning slightly, not over doing, so something right was happening. I exploded...and after a good while of further stroking she dismounted and cleaned me up. 

Dressed and hugs with money exchanged and I walk out back to my friends place.

Any other punters on forum tried this place?  I will visit again...


