Floor: #1
Post Time: 2nd May 2013, 07:51 AM
Poster ID: maxwell
Post Title: 
 Water Lily massage - 4/115 Best Rd, Seven Hills - 02 8809 6798
				
Post Content: 
Yesterday, i had every intention to go to the Chinese shop at 1/115 Best St. I know there are two Chinese shops here on second floor (above the bottle shop). I took the entrance on the bottle shop side, and walked up the stairs. Here usually, the mamasan from #1 meets you and coaxes you into her shop. This time, i got to the top of the stairs, and heard a voice "Hello, come in". There was an open door to my right, and saw a lady wearing a tight pink dress and in high heels. (Unbelievable how guys can get distracted and misled while on the punt).

So in i go, thinking maybe the shop has extended or something. Once through the front door, i realise this may not be connected to #1. Straight to the only massage room, and i realise that this place doesnt have any amenities... just the front room, and the massage room. So prices are on the wall, $30 for 30 mins. $50 for the hour massage. i thought why not give it a shot. Paid for the 30 mins.

What followed was a semi decent massage - no oil. She was doing some weird stuff, like pinching and pulling. At some point i was hoping this was not going to bruise. I knew there was going to be the inevitable question of extras later, as she was not shy to sit spread on my ass, and i could feel her junk there.

On turnover, i was uninspired, and she offered for HJ $20 clothes, $30 no clothes. FS was $70. I just took the handy and was gone.

Name was IPO, Korean lady, medium build, not slim. Late thirties, black hair with short fringe.

Her English was real bad. Which made trying to get any further details of this place almost impossible. Asking what time the shop closed was hard enough... 9pm. Only one girl on, and no choice given obviously. I asked for the number, and she shook her head. So this may be a new find in Seven Hills if Korean is your taste, but i left wishing i hadnt been sidetracked, and that i had continued to #1.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 3rd May 2013, 01:12 PM
Poster ID: james31
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hi Maxwell

Was this No. 6 ?   A few punters have been confused by the two shops at the top of the stairs. 

Coming up the stairs from the bottle shop No. 6 is slightly to the left if not straight ahead and No. 1 is to the right.  Visited No. 1 two days ago and there were three girls on in the middle of the day.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 4th May 2013, 04:42 PM
Poster ID: maxwell
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hey James, no it wasn't number six. Going up the stairs you described, this place is first door on the right, on the same side as number one. Literally look to your right as you get to the top of the stairs, and you will be looking at the front door of this place. Since there is only one girl on, I don't know if they close the door if there in a session or not. 

So, there would be number one, number six, and this place.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 7th May 2013, 09:40 PM
Poster ID: Punterang
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
This store is owned by no 1. I was directed by the mamasan of 1 to this place as 1 was busy.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 29th June 2013, 08:30 AM
Poster ID: snapjaw
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Last Friday I had some free time and went to Hope St but didn't find the girls there that attractive so thought I'd try out the shops on Best Rd. Went up the first set of stairs and was surprised to see 3 shops there with the "Open" neon signs! Last time I came here was a few years ago and was only one shop.

Went into the first door and was a 40-ish lady there, I declined her services as she was the only one there, but she helpfully pointed me down to the other shop which was to the right of the walkway and explained that it was the same owner. When I got there I also didn't like the look of the first two girls shown to me but as I was about to leave the room a 3rd girl came in who looked pretty nice - slim, young and pretty. So I accepted her.

She gave me a decent, hard 20min massage and when she reached in between my legs to have a feel at the end, let out a giggle when I moaned slightly. Anyway, she got me to turn over and we got to haggle over the prices. It was only $20 for hj but when I asked her for a nude hj she declined my offer of $30/40 and said it would be $50. I was slightly off put by this as I have had $50 for FS in Ashfield (haven't been there for yonks though) so I declined and said I'd just have a $20 hj. She was disappointed because she kept trying to persuade me to hand over $50 but I kept saying no.

In the end she accepted $40 (without further prompting on my part) and dropped her clothes. She had a great body, b-cups, and lovely bush which wasn't too thick even though you could tell it wasn't trimmed. I just had to put my mouth on those beautiful nips and flick my tongue deliriously over them and she seemed happy to oblige, grasping my head close. My oiled up lil bro was feeling really great in her hand but I had to prolong the pleasure so I got her to lie down on the massage table while I got her nipples hard with some tongue action.

Eventually she had to get up and finish me off so I lay back down and after a few mins of her hand pumps I gave in. While cleaning up I asked her name and she replied, "Cola. As in Coca Cola!" Wonder if there's a Pepsi out there somewhere... anyway, she only works Fridays. Unfortunately she doesn't do FS. I would have been happy to part with the extra $50 for that pleasure.

As it was, it cost $30 + $40 which IMO is not that worth it but not too bad otherwise. Her good looks, great body and willingness to let me enjoy her lovely breasts make it sort of OK. Overall I'd give it 7/10. Massage 8/10, HJ 8/10 and body/looks 9/10 but pricing 6/10.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 13th September 2013, 06:08 PM
Poster ID: qgabs001
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Back in town and out West today and saw the flashing Open sign driving down Best road. Thinking the owners of No.1 had come back, i parked and ventured up the stairs. The entrance is straight across from a civil engineers so discretion is a slight issue on weekdays. 

Here is what i gathered after speaking to the lady at reception:

name of establishment: Water Lily massage
Ph: 8809 6798
Rates: 30/30 50/60
Extras: See posts above. 
VFM: I didn't TOFTT as this was purely a recon mission. I had to be somewhere else within 20 minutes. Might drop in later this week before i head off on my travels. Stay tuned.

Admins, can you add the name of the place on the thread please.

In other news, number 5 which is further forward and left of the stairs has closed and move to Unit 2 32 Hassall street Parrammatta. Phone number is still the same and mamasan Sasha is still not offering extras i take it. 

I'll keep y'all posted. 

QG


Floor: #7
Post Time: 14th October 2013, 08:42 AM
Poster ID: Mabza
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Noticed the flashing 'open' sign a few times and thought I would check it out. The other establishments here have gone - units 1 and 6. I was told unit 1 had some trouble with people in uniforms and issues about visas etc. I had attended the Harris Park premise mentioned above that used to be at number 6 and she told me that she was pressured out by council who were going to disconnect water and electricity. So with that background I wondered what would be on offer at number 4 and maybe I best try it while I could.
I attended last Thursday and the door was locked, knocked to no answer which is when you start to feel a bit exposed.  Thought one more try - movement inside and an attractive Chinese girl came and lets me in. Amy takes me to the room which has the usual signs - prices and what we say we don't do. $30 for 30 and we are away. Amy is relatively tall and has a long pink nurses style dress with tights. Strip down and we commence where a pretty average massage. Amy is pleasant and cheery. After a while I touch Amy to gauge response and the massaging starts to run further up my thigh which has the reflex action of my opening my leg which gives Amy more access which she uses.  Amy asks the usual question and was so taken with her beauty I didn't haggle and ended up paying an extra 50 for no clothes.  Not sure whether I would fair better next time but despite my best efforts I didn't get much more than grazing on breasts and stroking the pussy while HJ was executed.
Amy says she has been in Australia for 2 years and had no English when she arrived, says she has picked up the language from customers and she hasn't done too bad. Amy works at Seven Hills on Thursday and apparently also works one day at Merrylands


Floor: #8
Post Time: 10th December 2013, 06:16 AM
Poster ID: Smoltzie
Post Title: 
 Massage - Best Rd, Seven Hills NSW - XXXX XXX XXX
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jenny

Establishment : parlour

Date of Visit : 9/11/13

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : best rd above bottle shop

Hours of Business : 10 - 7 varies

Rates : 30/30 massage only see review

Age : 27

Size/shape : slim 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian 

Services Provided : rnt

Value for money/recommend? : yes/yes

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

Visited here yesterday , this place is above the bottle shop on best rd at Seven Hills,newly opened after a lot of these were closed down. You cannot miss the place as it has one of those neon signs that flash. Semi discreet , was greeted and taken thru to a room where prices were explained 30/30 I was told. For this price she stayed clothed but after talking and trying to explain what I wanted she said extra 20 for her to get naked as well. So in the end I paid 50/30mins. 
Although she took her top off to reveal a nice set of tits which she didn't mind them being sucked and played with she only took her pants down to her knees,didn't mind a bit of pussy play but not a lot. 
I guess it wasn't too bad and $50 was ok in the end as the hj was ok and got the required result.


Floor: #9
Post Time: 12th January 2014, 09:08 AM
Poster ID: Smoltzie
Post Title: 
 Water Lily massage - 4/115 Best Rd, Seven Hills - 02 8809 6798
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Tina 

Establishment : water lily massage

Date of Visit : 11/1/14

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 4/115 Best Rd Seven Hills 88096798

Hours of Business : 10am - 7pm ring to check

Rates : 30 normal massage.   Extra 30 to nude up

Age : 24

Size/shape : size 6 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : massage + rnt

Value for money/recommend? : yes did the job

My experience 
With the amount of places in  Seven Hills found this place just before Christmas. It's above the bottle shop and there used to be a few places in this building,but have since closed down. 
Anyway saw Tina yesterday nice girl with a great body,(works Mon and Sat only) paid 60 for a 30 min rnt. I think prices vary here for the extra it depends on the girl. She was too happy to accept 30 to get her clothes off. The massage was ok , not the best but wasn't the worst either. She allowed a lot of touching no fingers inside though but was happy to lift her leg on the table to give me a good view of her slit. I'm sure it would be very tight. 
Very small tits but with saggy nipples ( dont know what that was about). I asked her about full service but she said no only massage but again I'm sure there are a few girls that may. 
There were a couple of other girls on yesterday and they didn't look to bad.


Floor: #10
Post Time: 19th October 2014, 07:54 PM
Poster ID: Punterang
Post Title: 
 4/115 Best Rd, Seven Hills - Lotus Massage
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Sorry, didn't catch it. Could've been the mamasan

Establishment :1/115 Best Road Seven Hills

Date of Visit: 17/10/14 afternoon

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: 4/115 Best Rd, Seven Hills

Hours of Business: ?

Rates: $35 30mins

Age: mid - late 30s

Size/shape: Size 10

Nationality or Ethnicity: Chinese

Services Provided: Massage + HJ (+$20)

Value for money/recommend?: Not bad. Will not to partake again to find out more

So I drove north along Best Rd and couldn't help but notice an LED Open sign where 1/115 Best Rd used to be before the councils shut it down. I decided to have a look. Sorry if I haven't got the details correct but I believe it is called Lotus Massage and is located in the office 1/115 expanded to (next door).

There was a younger lady but she was busy so I went ahead with the older lady who may have been the mamasan. I overheard that there is a shower but I was not offered it.

I asked for a medium massage and it was ok with a little tickle tackle but it wasn't anything special and was sub-par when compared to the standard service at 28 Hope St. On turnover, a light tickle tackle was followed by the universal hand signal. She was quite good I thought: slow, soft and for once, did not rub the bare head vigorously. She was a little unprepared though and I almost shot myself in the head. I didn't ask about nude but I'm sure it would have been allowed.

Overall it wasn't a bad experience and from what I could hear from the younger lady, there might be more on offer. I'll go back another time and provide more accurate information, i.e., name, hours, other rates and a phone number.


Floor: #11
Post Time: 1st December 2016, 01:10 PM
Poster ID: james31
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Cindy

Establishment :  Water Lily massage - 4/115 Best Rd, Seven Hills - 02 8809 6798 

Date of Visit : 25-11-16 ( Friday )

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 4/115 Best Rd, Seven Hills - 02 8809 6798 

Hours of Business : 10-7pm

Rates : $55 hr massage $50 extra's

Age : late 30's early 40's

Size/shape : Size 12, no tits at all, pretty face

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : massage, BBBJ, DATY, CFS, Massage

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments :  I am a little intrigued by this place, as most of you would be aware in the glory days this along with about 5 other shops all operated within a 1km radius at Seven Hills and you could get the works at all of them until the council managed to force them all out.  This place re-invented itself for a while offering genuine massage services but quickly lapsed back to providing rnt service because I guess there is not enough business if you want to be legit however it has never gained the popularity of the other shops like Hope st and every time I walk in there are two girls working and generally they are both free and I have never had to wait  I think because the quality of girls on offer is quite poor compared to most other places.
The reason I come here is because I can see one of my regular girls Cindy who works over at SunSun in Blacktown, this shop is easier access and less busy so I favour seeing her here otherwise I would not bother coming.
Anyway I won't bore you with the details of her service but needless to say I see her because she always does the works for me because I am a regular of hers, you may struggle if you are a first timer, if you want to read a full review of her just search for SunSun massage on this site and you will find my reviews there and the service is always identical for me
with a good massage to finish.
Cindy works here Fridays


