Thread Title: Windsor Roman Bath House Windsor SW 0409 474 995
Floor: #1
Post Time: 3rd February 2016, 09:30 AM
Poster ID: unclepj
Post Title: 
 Windsor Roman Bath House Windsor SW 0409 474 995
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Belinda

Establishment : Winsdor Roman Bath House and Masage

Date of Visit : Jan 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 227 Macquarei St Sth Windsor 0409 474 995 Belinda

Hours of Business : 10.00am till late

Rates : $100.00 per 30 mins

Age : 40

Size/shape : 10 34c

Nationality or Ethnicity : Phili

Services Provided : Water bath massage HJ

Value for money/recommend? : 

My experience/comments : 
This is a brand new hop out in Windsor NSW and was advertising on Cracker prior to Christmas for staff. I sent them a message as prospective customer and was advised of the of the opening date.
I chatted to a very nice lady over the phone Belinda and mistook her for a 30'ish Aussie girl. Don't jump to conclusions Ha Ha
Arrived at the set time to discover the ATM was not working so had to go find cash. $100 30 mins is steep around this area but such is the price to TOFTT. Parking is ok at present and outside appearance is nice. Old double story house with supposed rooms upstairs for sleeping staff

Belinda is a 30-40 Filipino and speaks perfect English. She has been here 30 years and worked in similar places for 25 years.
They have 6 bath Rooms so they hope to get busy but the rooms are not finished well (opening week and work still being done) Atmosphere was less than some of the other shops around here.
Undressed and got into the bath. This feels very strange and is not really comfy when you lay on your tummy to begin.
Anyway it was really like I imagine your dog would feel in a mobile dog bath. Not really all that sensual and a bit uncomfortable.
I asked when the sensual begins and Belinda says flip over and do you want a Vanity cloth. Ha Ha No thanks
Again the front gets hosed and soaped down and its not that sexy. Tackle tickle starts that is quite poor and the hose is still going
HJ was forgettable as I was not aroused at all and suggested she may do better with her mouth to which she laughed.
No extras offered such as topless or nude. She did not mind her boobs being played with but as the bath has a high rim around it you cant touch lower than her waist. BORING!
Anyway these are my thoughts and for $100 for 30min or $200 for 60 it was pretty expensive. Windsor Massage or Rivo can provide a lot more BANG for your you buck. $200 can get you 4 hand massage with double nude body slide and two handed finish at Windsor Massage. (See Tiffany)

This was the first week and new staff were being hired and the place finished completly.
WIR? Not for at least 6 months so it can settle down and maybe catch up to other services within 5 minutes from here.

Hope someone else takes a shot and puts a review up


Floor: #2
Post Time: 3rd February 2016, 10:27 AM
Poster ID: Charles
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks for the review uncle, this is certainly an unusual setup I've never seen anything like it before. Windsor seems a strange place to set up too, although I didn't realise there was so much action there!


Floor: #3
Post Time: 4th February 2016, 09:17 AM
Poster ID: unclepj
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks Charles for your comment
They talk it up as being very sensual!
It was one of the most UN- Sensual things I have had. Also I have nothing to compare this with as I have never been to Kings Court or similar
As I said it reminded me of a mobile dog bath. LOL
Yes there is quite a bit of low key action in the Windsor Richmond Riverstone area with anything you want on offer. Some just need to be discussed longer with the service provider. We do have a very large RAAF base here that would provide a clientele for the shops and the quality of WL is certainly improving.
I'm behind on a few reviews but there is a new stunner of 21 at Windsor. To die for!

Uncle


Floor: #4
Post Time: 4th February 2016, 01:42 PM
Poster ID: LUNGOR
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by Charles


Thanks for the review uncle, this is certainly an unusual setup I've never seen anything like it before. Windsor seems a strange place to set up too, although I didn't realise there was so much action there
"""




Same here, that bath tub looks quite uncomfy, not sure I would let my D touching the bottom of that tub !!

Much more fun and comfortable and safer on a flat air mattress doing the King Massage (Chequers) or Nuru at 244 Paddington. and they are both under $200/hr for the full nude treatments. 

Not for me.

But thanks for sharing

cheers


