Thread Title: Windsor Massage
Floor: #1
Post Time: 13th January 2014, 10:39 AM
Poster ID: FrankieLee
Post Title: 
 Windsor Massage
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Never asked, it's generally only ever the owner working.

Establishment : Windsor Massage

 Date of Visit : A few times now, as recently as last week.

 Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Shop 8 / 188 George St Windsor. Little arcade next to a computer shop. Up the road from the Adult bookstore for those that know the area. Easy parking and a 2 minute walk from the Target carpark just to the south.
 Hours of Business : 9.30am - 6pm (7pm in summer). 7 days

 Rates : $35 for 30 mins. $55 for 1hr. $20 for HJ if I recall.

 Age : Mid 40's?

 Size/shape : Size 10-12 . Have seen beneath the clothes once for an extra $20. It may help you get across the line with a titty fondle, but you won't go away with visions of a supermodel in your head! Not that attractive to me, but not nightmare material. English is not great either. But good enough to get the point across.

 Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian

 Services Provided : Massage and HJ, nude if requested.

 Value for money/recommend? : It's ok. I have been back 3 or 4 times, mainly due to convenience as I work out there sometimes.

This is a very small shop with one room only, and another which is a bit of a storage room.

Located in a small arcade with a few other shops, it is reasonably discrete once you are in there, but they do have the massage sign board out on the footpath near the entrance to the arcade.

The massage itself is pretty good, has gotten a few knots out when I've gone there. I usually get medium strength which is good without being too hard. If you ask for soft, you will get quite a sensual light rub which sometimes is what I'm after. Lots of tickle tackle for the 1st half, to the point that you know almost immediately that this place is going to provide a HJ at the end.

HJ is pretty good, but most of them are...nothing great, but nothing bad...just a standard HJ.

IF you are passing through the area or you are local, then it's worth popping in. But by no means would you want to travel a long distance, as you'll get the same service pretty much anywhere else. And probably with a ML who is a bit more attractive. (I'm not into Asian girls really, so none of them really float my boat that much).

Cheers, Shane


