Floor: #1
Post Time: 16th May 2014, 01:08 AM
Poster ID: LUNGOR
Post Title: 
 Oriental Doll - 7 Owen Close, Cairns  / Portsmith  -  07 4041 6805
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Molly

Establishment : Oriental Doll

Date of Visit : 15 May 2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 07-4041-6805,  http://www.orientaldoll.com.au/en/

Hours of Business : 3pm to 6am

Rates : $160/30 min, $220/45 min, $280/hr

Age : 25

Size/shape : pretty face, long hair, tallish, enhanced C Cups, size 8

Nationality or Ethnicity : Korean

Services Provided : nipple sucking,CBJ, FS

Value for money/recommend? : a bit pricy for the services provided but this is Cairns !!

Personal experiences:


After posting the Cairns adult services guide and realised that there is only one legal brothel in town, rang them up yesterday and check the prices, decided to give them a try today.

get there via taxi, it's in an isolated industrial area - a word of advice, must have car or get a cab, I didn't book a taxi for the return and walked more than 40 back to CBD in the dark and empty streets and it wasn't a good experience !!

The shop is a huge stand alone house, a large reception area, a Korean guy is the papasan, told me only 1 girl available, her name is Molly, when Molly comes out to meet me, first impression - OK doable !

Molly is 25, quite tall, flowing long hair, quite good looking, size 8, wearing a bikini top, reasonably busty, may be a B/C Cup, nice long legs and flat tummy, if she has larger tits she will be perfect. but hey, it's either Molly or my right hand, so Molly it is, and I can really use a blow job and a fuck !!

Molly went back inside after the intro, the papasan came back, I asked him how long wait for the other girl, 30 min, no, too long, happy to see Molly, hand over $160. and was asked to wait, Molly came back through a different door and lead me to the inside of the maze, there are quite a lot of rooms and Molly took me to one at the end of the corridor.

The room is very larger, a Queen bed in the middle of the room, mirrored bedhead which I put to good use later. a corner spa has a big flat overhead shower head in the shape and size of a medium pizza.

Molly hands a fresh towel to me, BTW, next to the bedside table, there is a sheet on the floor and stacks of towels and bed sheets were neatly placed on the floor, no question they are expecting lots of business to come..............lol

had a quick wash and lay on the bed, Molly is naked by now, by the look of her boobs, I am pretty sure they are enhanced, but the shape is nice and hopefully feel right too, she's got hair down there, but a big bush but kind of naturally untouched, I am fine with that, in fact I am planning to have a bet in the footy later so, I fully shaven white tiger is not what I like to see.

By now, Molly already got a dom out of the seal and a bottle of lube closed by, when she opened the bedside table and took the dom out from the draw, there are like three or four big bags of different colour doms in the draw, there must be like a thousand condoms in there - no kidding !!

Molly started by licking and sucking my right nipple, and she did this my laying her body on top of me, so her boobs are all over me, so I use my hands to check out her size boob, yeap, hand feel is OK, but not the kind of tits I like to spanish though, so cum in condom will be the good.

Molly is having my right leg behind her legs and I can feel her pubic hair rubbing on me, it was ticklish and kind of sexy. then she moves across to my left and licks and sucks my left nipple, I am usually not a big fan of cat bath, but Molly was doing this rather slowly and use lots of tongue, I like it. my hands started to caress her back, she has a little tatoo on her shoulder and she has very smooth and soft skin, a bit of tan on her body which is expected when you are in far north Queensland, I am glad that there is no bikini lines at all, just a very healthy and uniform tan skin.

my cock is getting hard, so Molly put the dom on my semi hard helmet and then use her mouth to dress me up. and the sucking begin, when was the last time I had a CBJ ? it was the Aussie girl Michelle at 5 Star, and we Sydney boys are just spoiled by all the BBBJ we have been getting. But covered BJ is still better than no BJ at all. slightly disappointed that there was no sucking or licking of my balls at all, just a very mono cock only suck, not even licking of the top. But I must say Molly is a OK sucker - I have had much better of course, but right there and then, watching this beautiful and sexy Korean girl having my cock in and out of her tiny mouth is a big turn on. would be good if Molly was looking at me and give me some sensual look and girl friend effect rather than keeping her eyes closed. 

But she is sucking me to the state of arousal, so rather than passively laying there enjoying her blow job, I started to move my hips and face fucking Molly, ever so gently of course. now she opens her eyes, give me a smile and push some lube onto her hand and rub that on my cock.

then she lower herself onto me. slipped right in, reasonable tight, and warm and she rides me while I play with her tits a little bit, yeah, only in Cairns will I be fucking Molly, but you got to make do with what's in front of you, the champagne and oysters I had before must be working as I could feel that I am no where near cuming, this is good, usually I would be starting to worry that I would cum too quickly. so as Molly was cowgirling me from the top, my hands are all over her tits, her flat tummy, playing with her hair and squeezing her butt which are very meaty !!

this must have got for like 3/4 min and Molly was getting a bit tired, so she suggested to change position, so we change and I am on top, now that I have gone past my initial 4 min, I have happy to go all out pounding from the top, so I pound Molly from the top as hard as I can and that was very manly of me, fucking like a stayer !! Now I am facing the bed head mirrors, and then I realise that there are also mirrors on the side wall, so the best way to see myself in action will be doggie. so I asked Molly to get up and on her fours, her pussy definitely feel better by taking her from behind. and now I can see her tits swing from side to side as I was fucking her from behind, that big ass is perfect to take pounding and when I see myself doggying Molly from the side mirror, that gives me a good porno feel.

It is under this visual stimulations that I go all out on Molly and she co-operated by starting to moan very loud and so did I, when I was getting near, my two hands were grabing Molly's love handle and pulling her ass towards me as my cock bursted forward and deep into her. that's a fantastic feel and a explosive ending - not that I could see it, it got all buried in the dom - well, one of the reason why I like to tits fuck is because I can actually see myself cum and shoot between the girl's tits and see how far I could shoot, not tonight though.

So after the first shot, I slowed down but continued to stick myself into Molly and to her credit, she did pull away or try to get me off, so that I could enjoy the body to boby contact feeling just a little bit longer.

when I eventually separated myself from her body I gave Molly a kiss on her cheek, she has a bit of a sweat on her face and has turn a bit redsih, her was at her more beautiful moment right there, right after she was fucked ........haha, sexy is great !!

I lay back down on my back to have a rest, boy, do I need that, all up, I must have fucked Molly for nearly 10 min, which is a good performance on my standard !

then it was my turn, get dressed and some chit chat then a final embrace and more kisses before Molly shows me out on a side door, she did ask me if I was driving or do I need a taxi, I should have asked for one, but I decided to walk back and that was a fucking bad decision.!!


cut the long story short, I walked for near 40 min before I get back to town, so bloody tired, damn, I need a foot massage, and you know what, it is late night shopping, so I walked into the Cairns Central shopping centre and look for a massage shop. low and behold, there is one on the first floor .....

To Be Continued, http://auxxxreviews.com/forum/f111/m...06/#post156257


Floor: #2
Post Time: 3rd June 2014, 01:51 PM
Poster ID: milkyjoe
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I'm pretty sure there is northern belle licensed brothel unless it closed down


Floor: #3
Post Time: 23rd October 2014, 10:05 AM
Poster ID: Neidal
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Penny

Establishment : Oriental Doll -  5 Owen Close, Portsmith, Cairns QLD

Date of Visit : 19/10/2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 5 Owen Close, Portsmith, Cairns QLD

Hours of Business : 3pm till 6am

Rates : $280 an hour - way too much

Age : said 24 to me but I guess she could be 27

Size/shape : C cup, average

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese - Shanghai but had lived in Melbourne for about 10 years

Services Provided : CBJ, DATY, FS

Value for money/recommend? : A bit of time wasting but defpnds on your budget!

My experience/comments :

Was keen for a punt in Cairns on Saturday night, so checked out Oriental Doll - had 3 ladies come an introduce themselves - a Korean followed by two Chinese girls I chose the Chinese girl with glasses said she was named Penny as she had a nice smile.  Paid for an hour punt $280 - massively expensive compared to what I'm used to paying in Sydney - Followed her to the room, had a shower she left the room while I had a shower then I was waiting for about 5 minutes for her to return! Which I thought was a bit slack.

Anyway she came back and undressed had a lovely waxed pussy and awesome soft voluptuous breasts, I did notice a slight tummy scar which suggested she'd had a baby. Down to business She was keen for DatY and really had a responsive clit and genuinely came 3 times clenching my hands and arching her back. she could have been faking but it seemed pretty genuine! I probably spent about 25 mins before she told me that she wanted me inside her. Missionary, Doggy, Cowgirl... 

Then I asked how much time was left she said 3 minutes then the phone rang... So she gave a perfunctory massage - then  had a quick shower, got dressed and left. When I looked at my phone I'd actually only been in there for 50 minutes so I felt a little cheated for time. But oh well.

Pretty satisfied  as the girl was quite friendly and said she was 24, from Melbourne and thenbut would probably go for less than an hour next time as $280 for only one pop is a bit pricey - especially for a lesser quality 6.5/10  looks wise compared to Sydney 9/10 

overall I'd say about a 6.5/10 as $280 for an hour is way more than Sydney for lesser quality girls.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 23rd October 2014, 11:03 AM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by LUNGOR


Person's Name : Molly

Establishment : Oriental Doll

.

"""



You have done a lot to help out those stranded in FNQ.

Good review LUNGOR.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 24th October 2014, 03:12 PM
Poster ID: Neidal
Post Title: 
 Oriental Doll - Korean Japanese Mix
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Mika

Establishment : Oriental Doll -  5 Owen Close, Portsmith, Cairns QLD

Date of Visit : 24/10/2014 1AM

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 5 Owen Close, Portsmith, Cairns QLD

Hours of Business : 3pm till 6am

Rates : $160 for half an hour

Age : said 26 to me but I guess she could be 30

Size/shape : D cup, toned

Nationality or Ethnicity : Korean /Japanese said she was half&half - from Seoul  but had lived in Australia for a number of years had good communication - very chatty

Services Provided : Striptease, CBJ, FS

Value for money/recommend? : A good conversationalist but a few sexual renew 

My experience/comments :

Was keen for a punt in Cairns on Friday morning , so checked out Oriental Doll again - had 3 ladies come and introduce themselves - a Korean followed by two Chinese girls one with glasses who I'd seen a few days before but had a different working name Penny  I chose the Korean girl with the string dress, said she was named Mika  as she had a nice rack and friendly smile.  Paid for a half hour hour punt $160 - Followed her to the room, had a shower she left the room while I had a shower then I was waiting for about 5 minutes for her to return! 

Anyway she came back and started talking dirty about having a fun time together, and grinded me while she undressed she had a lovely waxed pussy and really big breasts. She gave a pretty good CBJ with a twist in that she wrapped a Pipe Cleaner around the base of the condom which was kinda weird! Down to business she was not keen on any touching or licking of nipples or pussyshich was a shame as I love a smooth waxed pussy - She said "Don't play there..." Really??   Missionary, Doggy, didn't want to do Cowgirl. 

Seemed like she was trying to rush me a little bit but then I came and she said that she was feeling a little dizzy from cumming...

Had a good conversation with her about Korea and about my travels through parts of Korea. She said she was half Japanese and half Korean.

Then I had a quick shower, got dressed and left. When I looked at my phone I'd been in there for 35 minutes so I felt like I had a good session.

Pretty satisfied - overall I'd say about a 6.25/10 as it had some memorable moments and good conversation!!


