Thread Title: Intimate Encounters - 22 Brewer St, Clontarf  - 07 3283 6111
Floor: #1
Post Time: 31st July 2014, 09:35 AM
Poster ID: payforplay
Post Title: 
 Intimate Encounters - 22 Brewer St, Clontarf  - 07 3283 6111
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Annabelle

Establishment : Legal Brothel Brisbane Northside

Date of Visit : 30/07/2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 07 3283 6111

Hours of Business : from about 10am most days til early mornings

Rates : $230 / 1 hour

Age : 19

Size/shape : Slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : Full Service

Value for money/recommend? : No

My experience/comments : Well I dont head to brothels much these days, only real times I visit if in the area & honestly could not be fucked trying to find a girl I head to a brothel & at the very least check out who is on in the off chance I want to waste money on a girl lol. The thing with brothels is you know you dont have to do the legwork or a million calls ect to get a root, you rock up, pick a girl & job done, no hassles...Anyway arrived around 1pm as was in the area & been here a few times over the years, had 4 girls on that sort of surprised me being this time of the day, 3 younger girls & a good looking mid 30's girl. Brothels either take 2 routes, this brothel brings them all out at once well they did today anyways & asks you to pick....I politely asked all girls in front of each other do you allow going down....2 said thats extra $50 other 2 said yeah for sure no charge, them 2 I had to pick from. Its like a competition, I dont mind it at times, you can normally pick the girls who actually want to see you to the ones who just come across disinterested. Other route I tend to enjoy more is the one on one meet but anyways.

So i asked a couple of more questions like cum 2 times, she said yeah if you have time & picked Annabelle, so pay my dues into the room & a nice big room shower & she was back before the shower ended. I dried off, laid on the bed while Annabelle piss farted around I love how so many brothel girls (or girls in general) like to waste 5 or so minutes sorting shit out, adjusting there attire when all you want is them to get naked & show you a good time, is my pet hate. Mind you in brothels I have come to expect its a 1 pop scenario so I just waited, while we chatted, asked the normal shit, she been busy worked normally Thursday to Sunday during the days generally & makes a decent wage, around $150 for a hour session. 

Anyways she finally stripped off, ok she is 19 nice body really nice, cute face & I suppose happy enough with out being really open but nice voice & seemed easy to talk to, so she comes over again wasting time as she was about to get on the bed she said oh wait condoms so over to her bag out comes 3 condoms, why 3 I have no idea when I know 15 min has gone & simply nothing has happened so as with alot of brothel girls its simply she only wants to fuck once hence the time delay in getting into it so there is simply no time for a 2nd round, though when she bent over the pussy & ass was devine. So only to bed for some foreplay, no fingering but plenty of mutual masturbation & sucking her tits was a nice lil pleasure, no kissing but she seemed to be enjoying it....Onto the pussy eating, nice looking pink pussy & she seemed to make the right moves, with no sound but I enjoyed it, lasted about 15 min before she asked if I wanted some head, yeah why not so on with the condom & a rather stock standard headjob, just a little ball playing but just mainly the standard up & down routine of sucking cock, thank god she sucked hard because my one pet hate with condoms is if its a soft sucker you have its hard to really feel or have any enjoyment. So about 10 minutes of this, all the time you could see she was looking at the time. Still 20 odd to go.

She asked do you want to fuck now, sure why not, so she puts some saliva on her pussy & I enter her in cowgirl style, not much effort on her part really, more a go through the motion part, she says if any other position you want just let me know, so she rides for a few never really getting into it, before I say me on top, no issues, she lays there guides my cock in & I pump away, her head tilted to the side with no emotion at all prob just waiting for me to blow, so I ask doggy, no probs but she reminds me only 10 to go guys normally finished by now....well done sweetheart I thought lol so into doggy, best part really the only time I got to fuck her hard, nice ass as i slapped away til I blew, and off with the condom...Talking while she showered & I dressed I asked so how many guys you see a day, she said around 3-4 but this is when she said I am picky though, no overweight me, no Asians, Black or anything other then Aussie / White guys no older then 50 & if over then about 30 they guy really has to meet all criteria otherwise she wont come out for the intro...I said would that not mean you earn less money, she said she happy making $500 a day she works & not fucking 10 guys a day & her body she will choose who she fucks. She said men over 30 who like to fuck teen girls are sick & should stick to there age group. Well nice darls lol.

Overall: 1st visit to a brothel all year, yeah I have called into a few this year with no actual staying due to the quality of the girls but would not recommend this girl at all, if you want to just fuck a good looking teen girl then its fine, but if you want even a bit of substance then def give her a miss & stay well clear, she has a issue with any one not being her type at all. A very routine brothel root if ever there was one. A little bit to forward & honest if its repeat business she wants, she wont get it from me. Needs a reality check if ever a girl needed one.

Rating 5/10

AS ALWAYS YMMV


Floor: #2
Post Time: 31st July 2014, 09:37 AM
Poster ID: payforplay
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Sorry mods should of put in Brisbane can some one move it, 1000 apologies lol


