Thread Title: Lush - 13 Cessna St, Marcoola - 07 5450 7773
Floor: #1
Post Time: 12th January 2015, 11:49 PM
Poster ID: Johndeercio
Post Title: 
 Lush - 13 Cessna St, Marcoola - 07 5450 7773
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Angel

Establishment : Lush

Date of Visit : 12/1/15

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : LUSH - THE SEXY SIDE OF THE SUNSHINE COAST - NOW OPEN

Hours of Business : per website 10am-6am weekends

Rates : $300 per hour for premium service

Age : maybe late 20s

Size/shape : 6 5'5"

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : FS

Value for money/recommend? : oh yeah

My experience/comments : 

Lush is a fairly new establishment right next to the sunny coast airport. 

I've been there a few times over the last 6 months. The madames are awesome. The facility is top notch. Super rooms. Not gaudy and cheesy like some. Not a single roman urn in sight.

Such a pleasant surprise after experiences at the other establishment on the coast. I believe they are now under new management but I'm not game to go back.

QLD is usually so hit and miss. Particularly for me because of the whole DATD (dining at the dam) thing. Bemused that it could be in any way fulfilling.

In steps Angel. She is a true blue Aussie chick. Down to earth. Hardworking. Blond. Damn hot. Very, very good at her job. 

Her body is smoking hot. Small size 6, tight, but with a curvy ass and thighs. Small Bs with big pink areolas. She hides them a little under padded bra, but I like them.

She has quite a few tatts. Nothing huge. Kinda street stuff on her fingers / knuckles.

Her pussy is small, neat, and sweet as. I just love munching on the dam with her 

Her BJ is awesome, great technique, stamina, and commitment. Not gagging drooling DT, but great BJ.

She is compliant for me but I bet would be adaptable for those who like to be directed.

She has thinish lips, but kissing is great.

I've seen her a few times now and the sessions usually follow the same pattern. Every time I emerge into the sunlight outside beaming and feeling completely satisfied. She gets a big tip from me every time.

I've spoken to some of the other girls here. A few look and sound like they have potential. One said she wont kiss, do oral, or doggie. Left me wondering what she would do.

I can't go past Angel when she's on. 9/10 overall for me.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 13th January 2015, 06:32 AM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by Johndeercio


Person's Name : Angel

Establishment : Lush
.

"""



Thank you for your post and taking one for the team Johndeercio.

Good review.

Here's the location from their web site,


Floor: #3
Post Time: 12th November 2018, 12:13 PM
Poster ID: scurt
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name :  Heidi

Establishment : Lush

Date of Visit : October 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 3 Cessna Street, Marcoola QLD 4506  HOME - Lush Marcoola

Phone : 07 5450 7773

Hours of Business : CONTACT - Lush Marcoola

Rates : 3/4 - $200

Age : 20

Size/shape : 5' 6", natural blond, very slim, fully waxed, stunning.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : cbj, doggy, mish, cob, gagging. 

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : She is about 5' 7" tall very slim, natural blond with little B cup tits. She is also a genuine 20 years old. She is an utter babe. Really keen to impress, nothing is too much trouble for her, she tries her best to get your cock down her throat, gagging and choking, but always does it with a smile. She is of course shaved or lazered and she will sometimes let you lick her puss if she likes you. This place imposes a bait price, where 3/4 of an hour is $200, then when you get in the room most girls hit you up for any extras. Sometimes if the girl likes you she'll let go and do a few more extras for free. It's pot-luck.

Anyway, Heidi gives a great service with a smile, will spread her legs open for you to wank over her, lets you cum over her tits, but everything else is covered. I like missionary, and pumping her deep is something to behold. She squeels like a good girl when you pump her but be warned, she doesn't cum easily. I don't think I've ever managed it.

Anyway, management is a bit strict here so you'll have to read between the lines a bit. Some girls are better than others. If you like 'em young, she's your girl.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 15th February 2019, 03:29 PM
Poster ID: scurt
Post Title: 
 Lacey
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lacey

Establishment : Lush

Date of Visit : Feb 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 3 Cessna Street, Marcoola QLD 4506 HOME - Lush Marcoola

Phone : 07 5450 7773

Hours of Business : CONTACT - Lush Marcoola

Rates : 3/4 - $200

Age : 25

Size/shape : 5' 8", blond, bit chubby, fully shaved, huge natural tits.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : cbj, doggy, mish.

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

Back up North for a few days so headed for my favorite haunt. There were some much nicer looking chicks in the lineup, but all of them were miserable bitches who all wanted to lecture me on how things work at this brothel and basically all just lectured me that the price paid was just for a basic service and everything else was extra. Except Lacey who was just polite, cute and very friendly. 

So off we went for 3/4 of an hour, and although she wouldn't do anything other than what I would call 'vanilla' services, she performed them all to the best of her ability. She has huge tits if you're a tit man, and takes a good pounding in doggy if you're not. Heels on she's a tall unit, light kissing was ok, just a nice comfortable poke. My favorite position is mish, and she didn't disappoint. Watching those puppies jiggle was a delight. 

Anyway, just a standard punt, but she's a really nice girl if you like 'em a bit bigger than most of the others on offer here. Personally I like big girls so not an issue for me. 

Definitely recommended.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 21st February 2019, 09:34 PM
Poster ID: Ghts
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks mate. She used to work under the name Elle. I saw her a while ago and agree with your review. 

Do you remember who else you saw in the intro? Some new names on the roster lately so wondering if it's worth going for a look.


