Thread Title: Northern Belle - 11 Cava Cl, Cairns - 07 4033 5955
Floor: #1
Post Time: 9th June 2010, 07:01 PM
Poster ID: sparkie83
Post Title: 
 Northern Belle - 11 Cava Cl, Cairns - 07 4033 5955
				
Post Content: 
hello all out there.
just wanted to wrtie my first review on the cairns brothel.

went there a few times an happy with the facilities an privacy.

on occasions they have some decent girls but also some less then desirable,
allthough the chich at the front was not bad

prices were the standardish fee. 160half 250 hour

best one i found was was a nice little blonde named candy. pretty good service but not as sensual as ive had from private girls.

its worth the visit but check they got plenty of girls to choose from

cheers J


Floor: #2
Post Time: 10th June 2010, 08:52 AM
Poster ID: sparkie83
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Might not have put enough info to become a bronze member so I'll try give as many details ass I can now. 
It's located at 11 cava close cairns. PH # 0740 335955. Opening hours are 6 till late. And has 6 themed rooms. 

The girls I have seen only one was worth bragging about. But not many extras were offered. Still worth a visit for a basic brothel service. 

If there's anything else ud Like to know please ask
cheers J


Floor: #3
Post Time: 31st October 2013, 09:20 PM
Poster ID: blueprint
Post Title: 
 Northern Belle experience
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jess

Establishment : Northern Belle

Date of Visit : 25/08/2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Cairns First Legal brothel Northern Belle

Hours of Business : 6pm until late (seems to vary)

Rates : $160 for half an hour

Age : 24

Size/shape : B/Athletic

Nationality or Ethnicity : Caucasian

Services Provided : FS

Value for money/recommend? : No, surly and generally unpleasant!

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

In town for work and looking for a bit of relief, I thought I'd try our Northern Belle and Jess. She is a very attractive girl, slim and petite, however her attitude really let her down. Alarm bells went off pretty early, but by then I was already committed! If I was a bit less polite perhaps I could have spoken up, but I never really like to kick up a fuss so went along with it anyway. 

She began by jerking me, but when I asked if she would remove her bra she declined, saying that will happen later. Not in a cheeky, teasing way, but in a rude way. First time that's ever happened to me, and it was quite off putting. Apart from the fact that it's a big turn on when the girl is topless, but also just the attitude was upsetting.

She did give me a blowjob, but it was with a condom and it was very brief. I'm not a huge fan of blowjobs with a condom on anyway, so the rapid speed of this wasn't too upsetting for me personally. For others however I think it would be pretty annoying!

Finally we had sex in standard missionary. She was pretty disengaged throughout, which made reaching climax for me more tricky than usual. As such she visibly got cranky at the length of time it was taking and wanting me to 'hurry up'. I eventually did, but to say I was displeased with the whole experience was a massive understatement.

I'd avoid her if I were you; a very disappointing experience!


Floor: #4
Post Time: 10th November 2013, 08:41 PM
Poster ID: milkyjoe
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
care to give a better description of her height, hair colour, etc. sounds a lot like a girl who has been doing the rounds in the cairns post up there. 

thanks


Floor: #5
Post Time: 16th October 2014, 01:17 AM
Poster ID: joculese
Post Title: 
 Northern Belle - 11 Cava Cl, Cairns - 07 4033 5955
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : varies

Establishment : Northern belle Brothel

Date of Visit : 3 visits over last 3 months most recent in September

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Cairns First Legal brothel Northern Belle PH: (07) 4033 5955

Hours of Business : Early week 4pm to early hours, from Thursday 6pm to early hours

Rates : $160 30 mins, 220 45 mins, 280 hour plus any extras to girl you discuss on preliminary meeting

Age : many 20-25 a few older

Size/shape : Varies

Nationality or Ethnicity : Varies

Services Provided : depends on girl

Value for money/recommend? : All my 3 visits have been worth the money

My experience/comments : A very professional set up, I just wish they would have something on offer a bit earlier. On Calling the description of girls available is honest, tell the lady you are talking to what you are looking for, I have and after a few calls found a match. There is always the suggestion to "come and see" but with an accurate description. Meeting and talking to the girls is all before you pay, if don't stay you don't pay, no pressure. 
I will review the first here and the other 2 in seperate reviews.
Jesse, a German girl came to cairns as a backpacker 5ft 11, really pretty, no other girl has a chance of being chosen (in my books) if Jesse presents. we discussed service, kissing (gentle tongue) mutual oral showering together, all available for $100 extra to Jesse in the room. I agreed, paid and she came out to fetch me.

Jesse then kissed me, more than gently, and we took a first shower together, her hand gently on my dick, but moving off and soaping me as well, a fantastic start and we chatted about what we liked (in the sesion).
Skip to the bed! I dried first and lay there, Jesse slowly lay on top and started kissing, this went on for a while and I rolled us onto our sides, then me on top, she didn't mind my erection resting on her belly. I started kissing Jesse, moving lower, when I got to her pussy she patted my head and told me how she liked to be serviced (and why). This added to my knowledge of women! After a few minutes I stopped and went to kiss her again, massive hug and passionate response, she put on the condom with her mouth (she clearly has had practice!) almost blew. We rolled onto our sides for the finale. I was drained! Then we lay there, still kising and gently stroking each other, Jesse in no rush to end. Then the phone sent a "5 minute warning". There was no way I could go for it again so we showered together, with kissing and no limits to where to soap.
On the way out she made it feel like parting lovers (maybe so I would see her again or maybe because it is what she does?).
 The Girls I was introduced to were also good lookers and personable, but Next time I Call Northern Belle I will ask if Jesse is on.
Thoroughly recommended


Floor: #6
Post Time: 1st June 2019, 09:46 PM
Poster ID: donkeykong456
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Rachel

Establishment : Northern Belle Brothel

Date of Visit : 27/03/2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 11 Cava Cl, Bungalow QLD 4870 / https://www.northernbelle.com.au 

Phone : 07 4033 5955

Hours of Business : Mon - Sun 6am-6pm

Rates : $180.00 For 30 mins / $240.00 For 45 mins / 
 $300.00 For 60 mins

Age : 21

Size/shape : Petite

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : dfk, cbj and full sex

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : Was introduced to about 5 different girls, Rachel stood out because she was a brunette, petite and wore a nipple ring which is an instant turn on for me.

Paid $160 for 30 mins and then get lead into the room by Rachel. The experience started off bad because a cockroach crawled across the floor. This really scared Rachel. She screamed loudly and jumped onto the sofa. I quickly kill it to put Rachel at ease. She jumps onto me immediately and thanks me. She then plays music on her iPad and the session begins. 

Things start out very slow and all of a sudden, like a flick of a switch Rachel starts really getting into it. She starts deep french kissing me aggressively and becomes very submissive. I pin her arms down onto the bed and aggressively kiss her back. 

She seems to really enjoy this.  She then leans up against the bed head in doggy position. I then start pounding her hard against the bed head. We then change to missionary and continue having sex. She really loves it rough so I put my hand around her throat and squeeze a little while fucking her in missionary. It doesn't take long after that until I blow. After blowing my load I collapse on the bed heavily breathing because of how intense the session was.

We then chat for a bit, she tells me she is from Melbourne but came up for the weekend for a holiday. She suggests I extended the session but decline because of work responsibilities the next day. 

This punt was probably one of my favourites because it was so spontaneous and I could tell that the WL was really into and wasn't faking it. The chemistry seemed very real. Before the session she tried to to upsell me extras such as dfk and rimming on her. However, less than 5 mins into she willingly does / allows me to do these for no extra charge. 

Amazing experiences like this one are hard to come by but when they come by, it's like a dream come true when you find a fuck toy who truly loves to fuck i.e. they don't care about the money they just want to fuck your brains out.


