Floor: #1
Post Time: 3rd April 2014, 08:48 PM
Poster ID: madmardigan777
Post Title: 
 1/936 Anzac Pde, Maroubra
				
Post Content: 
I was in Maroubra a few days back and thought I would check out this newly opened shop. It's tucked away in the upper level with a bunch of other businesses, so the street entry is quite discreet. When I walked in I was greeted by an older woman (mid 40s?) who seemed very excited to see me. She explained they're having a $25/30 minutes opening special. She wasn't my type and I also noticed the massage "rooms" are just stalls with curtains, so I decided not to stay. Maybe another time. Anybody else experience this place yet?


Floor: #2
Post Time: 4th April 2014, 10:20 PM
Poster ID: sparksy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
No I haven't but that would be Lily from Chatswood who does a damn good massage. Go back you won't be dissapointed.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 5th April 2014, 08:14 AM
Poster ID: peterpaul
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
(No I haven't but that would be Lily from Chatswood who does a damn good massage. Go back you won't be dissapointed.)


I went there yesterday and your right she does a great massage no time wasting paid for half hour plus Hj $45 special at the moment.
There was no playing with the tackle just a great massage them she oiled up a fair bit after a good thirty minutes and started to massage my crack and bum hole which felt great, then she felt under and grabbed the whole of my package and pulled me up to a half doggie position with a great massage on my package not much pulling but it didn't matter as she knew what she was doing.
She then placed a few tissues under me and continued to massage my crack with one hand and massage the package with the other !!!!!!!! I blew in ten seconds.
Overall a great massage and Hj from a 40s something pleasant lady who didn't talk a lot which was good.
The premises are very ordinary no sign on the door just suite 1 it does have a sign out on the street ,it's upstairs next to Maroubra fresh point fruit market with two curtained cubicles but your the only one in there as she said only one customer as a time .
Return: yes why not for a great massage and Hj and you can always walk across the road a pound the shit out of dirty little cici at 775a .
Pp


