Thread Title: 999 Dee Thai Massage - Lvl 1, 902 Botany Rd, Mascot - 02 9700 9393
Floor: #1
Post Time: 22nd April 2013, 07:54 AM
Poster ID: j450n
Post Title: 
 999 Dee Thai Massage - Lvl 1, 902 Botany Rd, Mascot - 02 9700 9393
				
Post Content: 
TOFTT yesterday, have walked past this place a few times, it is open the sorts of times you would expect an RnT to be open.....so in I went....unfortunately, seems a fully legit Thai Massage place. $35 got me a massage with a pretty cute Thai chick who spoke virtually no english, Not even the faintest hint of any thing extra being available. They made me a green tea on the way out. On the bright side, the massage seemed pretty good, although I have no idea how he girl doesn't fall off the table onto he floor every day. She seemed to always be at difficult angles on the table over me.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 23rd April 2013, 06:37 PM
Poster ID: sydneysouth
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
This shop is a great legit Thai massage shop. Very clean, and I have had some great Thai massages here.
Got to know one of the girls quite well and there is NEVER anything extra on offer here - the girl will just leave the room.
Plus they laugh and talk about the sleazy guy with the hard on if that is you, lol

Clean, great legit Thai massage though.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 23rd April 2013, 08:14 PM
Poster ID: Mr Crash and Burn
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I had an experience with a ladyboy from this shop, although it wasnt in the shop


Floor: #4
Post Time: 29th October 2013, 11:15 AM
Poster ID: ozboy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Well despite these reviews i checked this place out on teh weekend.

They were open at 10:15 on a Sunday night as i was driving past so i thougt to myself this had to be a RT joint.

Well i was wrong. Although the lady behing the counter had a huge set of bolt ons  and the massage was nude ( me that is) it was strickly legit.

I must say though it was a fantastic massage and a good one to know if you have any late night knots to iron out.

Oz


Floor: #5
Post Time: 8th March 2014, 08:30 PM
Poster ID: jackstar
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by Mr Crash and Burn


I had an experience with a ladyboy from this shop, although it wasnt in the sho
"""
 


You are everywhere mate!


Floor: #6
Post Time: 15th December 2018, 03:24 PM
Poster ID: bomberdoode
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Nadia

Establishment : Lvl 1, 902 Botany Rd, Mascot (Above CBA)

Date of Visit : 23/10-/18

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 

Phone : 02 9700 9393

Hours of Business : 

Rates : $65/60 + 100 FS

Age : 29-32

Size/shape : Buxom, Fake DD, Curvy, Milfy

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Massage + FS

Value for money/recommend? : Just OK. WIR - No - YMMV

My experience/comments : 

This place has been here for ages. I'm not sure if it generates enough business to sustain itself or whether its also a home for a few people her work elsewhere. Its large and has loads of potential.

I took a chance and went in and asked if they could see me. Place was quiet and they said "yes come through".

Nadia is attractive, Kind of MILFY. Nice womanly curves, big eyes and a nice smile.

Her massage was just OK>I talked to her for a while and found out that she has the need to raise some money for (none life threatening) medical expenses for a loved one. 
Therefore in her quest for this she is willing to to extras to earn the dollars. She wanted $200 for FS and I though that was way too much, I was able to negotiate it $100.  She asked me to shower and led me out the back to the bathroom. I showered and returned. I also enquired about how long it had been since she had an orgasm. It had apparently been many months so that motivated me more.

It was all very clinical. She removed her cloths and climbed on the the table, lay on her back. I parted her legs. No daty offered by me as I dont think she was into that either. I entered and started to pump. I like her body. it feels great. My face is to the right of her face. Definitely no chance of a LFK or DFK. As I pump I see her reacting and beginning to grimace an tighten up and bang!she cums. That part I enjoyed,

I then continued pumping, My interest begins to dwindle, more in terms of me thinking about the time and then getting impatient. I pump some more. She is like a starfish and then, because it was humid and hot I take a breather, I ask her to finish me off with a HJ.

I cross the line and then the cleanup. I dress and leave.

The punt was OK and I wouldn't return but I reckon she is nice. She means well.I suspect that she has some inhibitions. I also accept that as the punt wasnt mind blowing I had some responsibility for that also.

YMMV


Floor: #7
Post Time: 16th February 2019, 06:59 PM
Poster ID: justdane
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Bella

Establishment : 999 Dee Thai massage

Date of Visit : 12th Feb 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 902 Botany rd

Phone : 02 85401546

Hours of Business : 10am-10pm

Rates : 60 for 60 min

Age : maybe late 20 or early 30's

Size/shape : 10/12 medium build

Nationality or Ethnicity : thai

Services Provided : massage, b2b, body slide and a bit more

Value for money/recommend? : for me yes

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

Was in the area and i remembered the above post about this place. Location wise it is pretty good. They are on botany rd which doesnt have a lot of pedestrian traffic. A lot of competition around there. I count at least 5 shops within 100m radius.

Got there after 11am. Greeted by Bella who seemed to be the only one there at that time. Good enough to look at. Not exactly pretty but still very attractive. She was wearing a black legging and a black tight t shirt showing her cleavage. She has this young mother body kind of type with largish boobs on the outside and big enough ass. Later in the bed i found out that she has a child(children) and divorced.
The massage itself was pretty good. Plenty of elbow and forearms. Seems that she had some training before. Some accidental touch and brush to my balls during the thighs area. Around 45 min mark the turn over time. Now that i could see her more clearly, i could see that she was actually quite busty, she must be at least a D cup. Time was running down and she still hadnt asked me the magic question. So i thought i would took the risk and asked her if she does body slide. And the answer waa yes but it would cost me 70 dollars. Tried to negotiate butshe said 50 dollars would only gave me a nude handjob without a body slide. So i gave in. I told her ok but give me a nice one. She stripped right away after locking the door since we were alone in the shop. Her body was amazing. At least for me. She is not slim. More on the meaty side. But i dont like skinny girls anyway. Big round tits with darkish brown suckable nipples. She was shaven but the hair had started to grow again. Tried my luck by kissing her lips and she responded very well. I took my shot with her on the top and her pussy was pushing down my cock. It felt great. She cleaned me up with a hot towel and gave ma a few min of head massage.
I wasnt sure if i wanted to write this FR. I got the impression that she doesnt offer this to every customer. I guess i was very luvky.But i leave this to the mod. You can delete my post if you want


