Thread Title: ABC Massage - 35 Vernon St, Bondi Junction - 02 9369 4099
Floor: #1
Post Time: 12th February 2010, 07:18 PM
Poster ID: mito2
Post Title: 
 ABC Massage - 35 Vernon St, Bondi Junction - 02 9369 4099
				
Post Content: 
This is a local which has improved over the last year - have punted here 3 or 4 times late last year. RNT with negotiable extras in the room $85 30 min and $135 for 60 minutes. Seems to have either backpackers or local students. The line up today was 3 young students Leah,Chris and Amy all early 20s - all local caucs but have previously seen a brazilian traveller. Decided on Leah for 1 hr   great body well rounded with nice backside and B cups-
 shower very clean with soap dispenser. On to table for good half hour sensual rub -good but not professional no complaints tho  -turnover for HJ lots of oil and good hand action and eye contact.
Good  outcome - She is a good talker and a lovely person. Would have taken extras but their eftpos machine was out of action so my extras money was used to pay for the hour  DATY ,mutual oral etc extras to be negotiated.

Leah is a Friday girl

will let you know more

Looks  7/10
RNT    6/10
Extras TBA
Sex   ?


Floor: #2
Post Time: 26th April 2010, 11:17 AM
Poster ID: iluvcameltoes
Post Title: 
 ABC
				
Post Content: 
hi all.
i have frequented this RNT place called ABC located in Vernon st Woollahra/Bondi Junction. The girls here seem to come and go a quite frequently. The last lass i saw has now gone off to Qld.
they charge $85 /30 min but no touching. The touching extra then is a additional $50 which = $135. The quality of girls are not as good as Mistys or Michelles and they all allow sliding, touching etc. for around the same price. If you want to spend only $85 and keep your hands steady then this is good value, otherwise head off to Gray st.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 23rd March 2011, 09:46 PM
Poster ID: worldofsmut
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Valerie

Establishment : ABC Massage

Date of Visit: N/A (She's leaving)

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: No website

Hours of Business: Dunno

Rates: Don't remember

Age: 25

Size/shape: Thin

Nationality or Ethnicity: Russian or Ukrainian

Services Provided: Massage

Value for money/recommend?: Yes.

My experience/comments: 

I was attracted to her in the line-up as she was the only girl who offered me a drink. Very easy on the eye and turned out to be very accommodating (didn't ask for extras per se) and once she found which 'chakras' got me going, she was happy to spend plenty of time there. Very intelligent girl. Ended up discussing movies and books which turned out to be a rather useful way of slowing me down when I was about to cum. Ended up spraying all over her boobies. I would happily recommend her, but you'd better hurry, she's a backpacker and leaving on Sunday.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 3rd May 2013, 02:24 PM
Poster ID: sunflight
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Chloe or Cleo (i've got it mixed up)

Establishment : ABC Massage - 35 Vernon St, Bondi Junction

Date of Visit : Monday

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 

Hours of Business : 10am onwards

Rates : $95/30mins,

Age : early 30's

Size/shape : Tall about 5"9 Size 8

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie blondie/brunette

Services Provided : Massage +  +++

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : Picked Cleo or Chloe from the lineup of 4 girls. Very busty(implants), great figure, fully shaved. Got in the room, went for a shower next door and came back.

Whilst drying myself noticed a couple of prophelactics magically appeared next to the tissue box. Subtle hint noted, I laid down for a nice teasing massage all over before turning over half way through. We looked at each other and I pretty much knew what was going to happen next so just dived into my wallet to give her a tip.

Trying things on a massage table sometimes creates a lot of squeaky noise and the squeaks from this room were loud, quite loud ! 

Great girl, good service. Definitely recommend.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 6th August 2013, 08:38 AM
Poster ID: mobi
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Crystal

Establishment : ABC Massage - 35 Vernon St, Bondi Junction

Date of Visit : Sat

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :

Hours of Business : 10am onwards

Rates : $85/30mins,

Age : early 30's

Size/shape : Medium 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Philipino

Services Provided : Massage HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Average

My experience/comments : 

Have been to this place a few times, with varied levels of service, ranging from cold and detached to downright raunchy.

This time I was after a session with Elle who is a standout from a service point of view. Wandering hands allowed , very young and giggly whilst quite a sexy service.

Unfortunately she was on holidays and the only girl available was Crystal.

Philipino girl dressed in tight leather pants and corset greeted me and I was horny for my session with Elle, so went with her to hopefully discover another jem.

In the room, it started off quite well, she assisted me in removing my clothes which was quite arousing. 

After the shower I returned for a sexy slow bodyslide with a bit of dirty talk and blowing in the ear, turned around and she was on the table teasing and rubbing. She did a bit of spanish and I let my hands wonder and sucked on her tits which were a bit saggy although this turned her on a bit.

My fingers found their way to her ass and finally her moist pussy and to my delight entry to her nether regions was allowed. After a bit of fingering and tit sucking she was quacking to a nice orgasm and lay on me spent for a few seconds.

She then made her way to the end on the table and wanked me to a nice orgasm although now access to the pussy was not encourage, I had to make do with fiddling with her nips.

The session got me over the line and was satisfactory although she did talk alot about being a single mum and how hard that was and the management which she didnt like and some favouritism for other girls, as well as how many long hours she was working.

I found this aspect to be distracting from the experience as I just felt sorry for her by the end of the session.
Dont get me wrong, I know everyone has their worries and troubles, but I went there to relax and to take a break from the daily grind and the many issues in my own life, not listen to hers as well.

Average service, wouldnt see here again as there are better girls.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 6th August 2013, 09:52 AM
Poster ID: LUNGOR
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by mobi


Person's  Name : Crystal

.
.
.

The session got me over the line and was satisfactory although she did talk alot about being a single mum and how hard that was and the management which she didnt like and some favouritism for other girls, as well as how many long hours she was working.

I found this aspect to be distracting from the experience as I just felt sorry for her by the end of the session.
Dont get me wrong, I know everyone has their worries and troubles, but I went there to relax and to take a break from the daily grind and the many issues in my own life, not listen to hers as well.

Average service, wouldnt see here again as there are better girls
"""



Thanks for sharing brother,

I agree with your point about too much talking from the ML during the session! As for most part, we are not interested !!

Good professional usually won't do that and the topic of conversation should always centred around the more light hearted such as food, drinks music movies holidays and stuff. Family problem should be strictly off limit!

My problem is I see a lot of MLs regularly over a period of time and as the rapport builds so is the friendship so sometimes when they are sharing more than I really want to know, I can't help it. And I must say it gets to the point when it actually affect the services.

One way to avoid that IMHO is too have the part ii immediately from the get go, as they usually take a while to warm up for the conversations - by then I would already had my fun, nice and relaxed, then she can give me the part I massage and talk ........haha, I couldn't care less, most of the times I ended up falling asleep!!

Just my two cents

Cheers


Floor: #7
Post Time: 6th August 2013, 03:14 PM
Poster ID: mobi
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Ha ha , will definitely try that on repeat sessions. Good advice Lungor.

Always with my first visit I am a gentleman and that sometimes means listening to boring feelings and problems.
If I wanted that then I could've stayed at home and listen to the wife right?

We both know what I am there for and its not a therapeutic massage ...


