Floor: #1
Post Time: 10th September 2013, 04:28 PM
Poster ID: SeaRay
Post Title: 
 ARAY's MASSAGE - Shop 2 / 1-3 Botany Rd, Waterloo -  0405 5062 13
				
Post Content: 
ARAY's MASSAGE Shop 2 / 1-3 Botany Rd Waterloo # 0405506213 used to be in Pitt Street and has moved into this new 2 room shop on Botany Rd where it joins Regent St and is still owned by Kelly. A one hour massage with oil is $60 plus $20 for the Happy Ending, there is parking right out the front.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 11th December 2013, 10:04 PM
Poster ID: badnews99
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Unknown but probably not Array

Establishment : Aray's Massage

Date of Visit : December 2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 2/1-3 Botany Rd, Waterloo 0405506213

Hours of Business : 10:00am - 7:00pm 7 Days

Rates : Whole Body 60mins/$60 - Seems to be $/min for all massage services and $/sec for HJ

Age : 30's

Size/shape : Average

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Massage and HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes/OK

My experience/comments : Was looking to try the other establishment on the other side of the road, 175 Regent st??? but its always closed for some reason. So i strolled into this place, looks new from the outside. 
She must have seen me outside and was at the door when i answered, saw another older/larger Chinese lady behind her. But she was the one offereing me the massage and definatly the better of the two.
Seems to be 2 rooms only, with wash basins inside but generally seem small. No shower. Walls up to the ceiling atleast but piss poor sound quality.
Clean sheet was on when i went in. Asked for an hour but still wasn't sure what i would be in for.
She gave a reasonably good massage, she rubbed up against my arm so naturally i gave her a rub back.
She seemed fine with it, so i assumed extras were on offer.
Turned me over and asked if i wanted a tug, SURE. She didn't ask for a tip but I gave her one after ($20). 
She said she would do more but I couldn't quite make out what, not sure if she was offering a BJ or just the HJ. 
I had a good feel over her clothes, nothing off and I didn't ask, might be a little iffy if she has to answer the door as well. No idea what happened to the older lady, surely she could have answered it. 

Another customer came in near the end, could hear him asking useless questions about the place, doubt it was an experienced punter form this site.
She said i was good luck for her, maybe business is slow, she seemed chirpy all the way through.

I'd go back, but wouldn't expect much more


Floor: #3
Post Time: 22nd August 2017, 09:37 PM
Poster ID: Charles
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Emi

Establishment : Aray's Massage

Date of Visit : Mon 20/08/17

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 2/1-3 Botany Rd, Waterloo 0405506213 Aray's Massage

Hours of Business : 10:00am - 7:00pm 7 Days

Rates : 60/$60, 30/$35

Age : late 30's

Size/shape : Tall slim, nice boobs

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Massage and HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : Stumbled on this place and thought I'd give it a try. I was greeted by a somewhat abrupt Thai woman and I wasn't sure I wanted to be massaged by her so asked for 30 mins and was taken into one of the two rooms, which just had a concertina door. Paid the money, stripped as directed, and laid down. I was very pleased when a different lady came in for the massage. Emi is a tall, very attractive Thai woman with a good figure and very pleasant personality.

Her massage was typical Thai, starting with me covered in a towel, but which was soon completely removed and she then gave me a pleasant oil massage. There was no tackle tickle as such, but the occasional brush against the balls and cock got me hard. When I turned over she smiled at the sight of my hard cock and asked if I wanted a hj. She wanted $30, and I told her I thought that was expensive, but she insisted. Her hj was good and I started to play with her bum and tits, reaching inside her top to play with her nipples. She asked if I wanted her to get naked and said it would be an extra $10. I was surprised this was so cheap!

She stripped off to reveal a lovely body with good size tits. I was able to play with her tits more freely and also her shaved pussy, however she also increased the pace of her hj and I was soon spurting all over her hands and my stomach.

She cleaned me up with tissues and wet wipes (and she also only used wet wipes to wipe the oil off - no hot towels here!)

This is the best value place I've found in the area and I'll be back again. Emi works only Monday and Tuesday.


