Thread Title: Bali Sisters - 171 Bondi Road Bondi - 0423 760 730
Floor: #1
Post Time: 24th May 2019, 01:38 PM
Poster ID: sleazyryder
Post Title: 
 Bali Sisters - 171 Bondi Road Bondi - 0423 760 730
				
Post Content: 
Parking in Kemenys bottle shop around the corner and the rear of Bondi Road. Just make sure you move it as soon as you finish if you go to visit.

Person's Name : Indi

Establishment : Bali Sisters

Date of Visit : May 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://balisisters.com.au/

Phone :0423 760 730

Hours of Business :  Seven days 10am to 9pm

Rates : $85 hr Remedial. See website

Age : 30

Size/shape : 6 Slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Indonesian Balinese

Services Provided : Remedial massage ( very good) only

Value for money/recommend? : Yup if you like great massage 

My experience/comments : 

Saw this shop when walking down at Bondi. Thought hmmm might do some research and spend some time here. Couldn't find anything on this shop so made a booking and fronted up.
Heads up I booked Indi she is one of three sisters and friends who work massaging here. Millie and Nophee? and Indi are sisters and there are a few other girls Indonesian who work here.

Easy to make booking. I had Indi's mob number so made direct through her. They have eftpos so no need for cash Under Bali Sisters so if you have a shared statement ensure you give the boss the heads up...

Btw they have a lot of female clients so the chances of turning this legit outfit to our pleasures is a task likely to fail...at first...

I was greeted at reception by Milly showing her tiny cleavage. Thought nah she is clueless or likes to dress down like the locals. Paid upfront ..hmmm.good sign but alas..

So into room told to disrobe and leave undies on.... well that wasn't going to happen..lol

So stripped and got under towel well almost. Nothing said about my nuddie  state.

Massage started great really firm pressure. It was going to be a great hours worth of straight massage. Me pushing the boundaries and Indi simply ignoring to a point my directions.

Well she knows her stuff so if you need a decent massage book one in to Bali Sisters and forget about Tracy who is around the corner about 500 metres away. Tracy comes to mind as she used to give a firm straight massage but no longer bothers with that. She goes sensual from the get go. Lovely to experience if you like the outcome being a certainty.

Now Indi has a young look she is 30 size 6 and B cups at a guestimate however shows no skin save for hands and head. She has a great rocking bod and her sisters are similar. Hence the drawcard they are clueless about.

Pressure firm divides the massage into the most time being spent on the back massaging. Now she does take some direction but wouldn't go where I needed it most into the groin area. I have issues and not with the tissues in this area of anatomy.
So she will venture just not far enough. Still the odd arousal is not addressed in the slightest.
She appears to be a total professional. I remove the towel and request gluteus. No problem. Eventually I move the towel behind my back so as my crack is totally exposed. No problem. 

Towel now placed below my ass. She simply removes it altogether. So naked on the table. For about 10 minutes.
Instructions come to turn over. She holds towel up to give me modesty... lol why bother really I am thinking..

It's all incremental if you have a plan.

She avoids all the tent poles and we are almost finished when I request my external rotators (hips) be massaged well a few more minutes onto that both sides.

Now the session is finished I have arranged an appointment to visit Indi at home on the North West of Sydney.

Things I took note of. Mirrors in room. Could just be for adjusting the clothing after re robing. 
Tissue box on sideboard. Bin appears full but closer inspection reveals disposable head covers are in the bin. 
So the jury is out. However the challenge is on.

Don't be crude or rude but perhaps as the economic downturn gathers pace these girls might do and about face.

I am hoping anyway.

Will review if I keep the appointment under PML. 

Enjoy a good solid massage with imagination.

Politeness and courtesy gets you further than rudeness and roughness.

Take care.


P.S. If anyone has been to this shop and experienced anything different please feel free to share thanks...
SR.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 27th May 2019, 09:14 AM
Poster ID: sparksy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks SR, she has a place in Ryde area and I had a pretty straight up conversation and text conversation with her as she sounds a lovely person. When I asked the question was told professionals only and no chance of anything else. I may go to see her anyway as I am sure if you build up a relationship as a regular we all know benefit can sometimes be available. I would like some others to help out with the research and review as punting $$ are at an all time low ATM.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 30th May 2019, 08:04 PM
Poster ID: sleazyryder
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Was that you panhandling with your tin signed “ spare a pineapple or two for Sparksy really does and will love you”......at the lights cnr Epping and Waterloo?.... Trust sparkles to be at Ryde.... close but no cigar. She is at Marsfield....

Actually I think you really need to play her softly gently with lotsa money... Humble shy girl but she is a Gemini and her alter ego would likely surprise the most outrageous ..... well let me counter when you get some funds you might try gently easing your way with this one. She is coy but no fool... Not sure how you’ll go but play this one cool.

I think she is likely to read most guys. She is different as she comes from solid family stock. Does not need grief so will likely dismiss most punters out of hand.

Will post a follow up review in a week or two...

However that will likely be in the Therapeutic Private massage thread.

SR.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 11th August 2019, 10:36 PM
Poster ID: tersm2007
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
dude got banned! Was curious to see how the PM session went…


