Thread Title: Bliss Rising - Centennial Park - 0447 577 525
Floor: #1
Post Time: 17th August 2018, 08:21 PM
Poster ID: deepthroat
Post Title: 
 Bliss Rising - Centennial Park - 0447 577 525
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Taranga

Establishment : Private Unit

Date of Visit : 17 Aug 18

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Contact | Bliss Rising

Phone : In thread title

Hours of Business : Flexible I assume 

Rates : I stung myself for $200

Age : 40's (late)

Size/shape : LArge(ish) big cellulite rear, aka hail damage

Nationality or Ethnicity : Whits, Kiwi, maybe Aussie

Services Provided : Massage and HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Its a no from me.

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.) Many years ago the "bliss" website also contained info on a doubles partner, American girl long since gone. I visited her and it was amazing, for sure a bit of the breathe with me stuff..but it led to us connecting holding each other, feeling touch etc etc. So I thought this would be similar, nope. It was a soft long strokes massage that was OK. But dont touch! When I flipped she had become naked, but there was a big brief, no nipple touching, touch my firmly clenched bum cheek if you must. No tantranic inner connection here! Just an expensive (good technique) HJ. It's been written before, and I guess will again, these services are not really worth it. Much better elsewhere. 

DT


Floor: #2
Post Time: 13th December 2018, 11:33 AM
Poster ID: mobi
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
DT,   I had the same experience. I remember The hard hail damaged assno so fondly!!  ha ha!


Floor: #3
Post Time: 24th May 2019, 12:32 PM
Poster ID: sleazyryder
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Yes name of the American lass is Tracey. She owned the biz and was I think deported for failure to comply with her visa conditions. She had an exclusion period and didn't bother returning until recently. Fairly sure it was only a visit.

Yup must agree here Tracey was the real deal. Taraunga (Pseudonym) is a Kiwi Rip-off artist certainly one to be avoided if you don't want an attack of the guilts. Punishing oneself for failure to research a punt is unnecessary as we have all been there.
If only we remembered to simply share.

So thanks to DT for illuminating the fact this is not somewhere you go unless you want to be ripped off.

BTW heads up Word has it the Intel Immigration received ( on Tracey's non compliant activity) was from a certain crap masseuse from dem shaky isles. Newzeelund.

Btw not all Newzeelunders are bad just some who are thieves... but that is just IMHO and the opinion of others who have been victims. (AUS first XV) ...

She not only ( rumour has it) had her boss deported she stole her biz too... She ( Tracey ) was the inspiration to Bondassage. A twist on B&D and massage to milk our collective wallets. It was supposed to be a setup where value was to be found but was turned into a franchised ripoff machine by a certain invade you all. Gullible Troubles. Anyway really nothing to see here save for take note and avoid this business unless you can get a session with Tracey. Fairly sure she has returned to the States.

Not worth the money barely worth the time taken to write this post.

SR.


