Thread Title: Bondi Jct Erotic Massage - Bondi Junction - 0425 276 041
Floor: #1
Post Time: 20th September 2013, 03:02 PM
Poster ID: johnsamuels
Post Title: 
 Bondi Jct Erotic Massage - Bondi Junction - 0425 276 041
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Not given, listed as Bondi Jct on adultmassages

Establishment : independent, apartment block 2 mins walk from Bondi interchange

Date of Visit : July

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0425 276 041
http://www.adultmassages.com.au/Prof...ion/Bondi-Jct/

Hours of Business : Not listed

Rates : $65 for half an hour

Age : 38-40

Size/shape : Slim and petite, b cup breasts 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian

Services Provided : Erotic massage, performed nude

Value for money/recommend? : Not really, I won't visit again.

My experience/comments : I called the number and asked if she was free to give a massage, the first question she asked was 'Where do you live?'. I thought that was odd enough that I thought I had misheard her so I said 'pardon?'. She then said she wants to check that we are not neighbours, so I told her I live in Woollahra rather than saying Bondi Junction. Anyway after that, appointment was set for 45 minutes from the end of the call, with the usual 'call when you are out front' stuff. I did so, but was waiting for seriously 10 minutes out front after I'd called her that I was there. Not a great start. Anyway I am finally up in the room, she is plain looking but slender and her body is good though I prefer larger than b-cup. She disrobes, I disrobe (I am not offered a shower first) then we get down to business. 

The massage portion is really quite bad, not at all relaxing and she uses talcum powder rather than oil. FYI, a massage with talcum powder is not very pleasant. That goes on for the allotted time, then finally she asks me to turn over and the handjob commenced. Luckily at this point she pulls out some lube as I doubt a talcum powder hand job is any better than a talcum powder massage. The hand job is mechanical and not really at all erotic, and the ensuing ejaculation was tepid. Dressed and left (again no shower offered). I did not feel any more relaxed leaving than I did entering, and I shall not be going back.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 24th September 2013, 07:09 AM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Here's the AdultMassages ad, 

"At Bondi Jct we offer a clean and professional erotic massage including a bodyslide to stimulate all of your senses, leaving no part of your body untouched."


