Floor: #1
Post Time: 13th April 2016, 12:15 AM
Poster ID: caseyjo
Post Title: 
 Botany Corner Thai Massage and Beauty Spa - Level 1, 1223 Botany Rd, Mascot - 02 8384 4685/0479 196 663
				
Post Content: 
Just noticed this new shop opened in Mascot while driving past about 9pm tonight.
(There has been at least two other massage shops in this location in the past - neither seemed to last long. This one has gone all out on the signage around the building)

Stopped to investigate but as I arrived at the door, there was a pretty, young thai girl packing up the sign on the street.
She spoke virtually no English but I managed to verify that they close at 9pm.  So I grabbed a brochure from the stand before she took it away.

The brochure and website (Botany Corner Thai Massage and Beauty Spa, Massage Botany, Massage Mascot) have the look of a legit thai shop about them - similar to all the other thai shops in Mascot.
Has anyone got more info on this place?

[Mods - they also have a mobile number - 0479 196 663.  I wasn't sure which number was best to include in the title]


Floor: #2
Post Time: 29th April 2016, 12:25 AM
Poster ID: caseyjo
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sorry. forgot to ask

Establishment : Botany Corner Thai Massage and Beauty Spa

Date of Visit : 15th April 2016 (Friday)

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Botany Corner Thai Massage and Beauty Spa, Massage Botany, Massage Mascot

Hours of Business : 10am-9pm

Rates : various - the usual array of thai massage options $49/hr for thai, $59/hr for thai+oil etc

Age : mid 20s

Size/shape : short, solid

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : straight massage (This place seems to be legit venue only)

Value for money/recommend? : No

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)



Chose $59/hr Thai+oil option from long list of selections (1st sign of legit).  Escorted to room and told to undress but keep undies on (2nd sign).  Rooms have doors but they are frosted glass so can partially see through them (3rd sign).  No tissues in room (4th sign).  Placed clothes in basket which had a notice inside which indicated (amongst other items) "No Personal/Physically intervention during massage allowed under any circumstances - no refund permissible after that point" (5th sign).

I'm starting to think this place might be legit .... (but you never can tell, right?) 

Girl comes in and performs a "by the numbers", half-hearted Thai massage.  While I've had a lot worse, it was a 'nothing' sort of massage. Not therapeutic at all but not particularly relaxing either.  Certainly no tackle tickle and not the slightest hint of anything else on offer.  (Maybe this place is legit afterall ... oh well)

After it was over, the girl left towards the back room.  When I got to the front, a different (much nocer looking) girl was sitting in the waiting area.  I presume that's how they work the rotation system.  I toyed with the idea of answering truthfully to the "how was the massage" question from the mamasan, but instead made some non-committal noises and left.

WIR:  No.  Although the price is Ok, the massage itself was no good and thus not worth the money.  And with extras on offer to compensate, no incentive to return.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 29th April 2016, 06:11 PM
Poster ID: WOTAN01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by caseyjo


Person's Name : Sorry. forgot to ask

Establishment : Botany Corner Thai Massage and Beauty Spa

Date of Visit : 15th April 2016 (Friday)
......................................

WIR:  No.  Although the price is Ok, the massage itself was no good and thus not worth the money.  And with extras on offer to compensate, no incentive to return
"""



As we have tried to emphasise reviews without the provider's name are of little use. Please always ask and try to remember so your review is complying and useful


Floor: #4
Post Time: 29th November 2016, 02:05 PM
Poster ID: wachumba
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Elise

Establishment : Botany Corner Thai Massage and Beauty Spa,  1/1223 Botany Road, Mascot

Date of Visit : November

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :0479 196 663, http://www.botanycornermassageandbeauty.com.au/

Hours of Business : 10am-9pm

Rates : had a voucher for 1 hr massage & 30min body scrub for $59

Age : 30's, heavy  makeup so could pass for younger

Size/shape : short, solid

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : massage & HJ

Value for money/recommend? : OK with voucher

My experience/comments : Had a booking but the door to this place is locked and you have to press a buzzer to get in. Its right infront of a bus stop so quite a few people waiting around.  Straight to the room and was told to take all my clothes off so laid on the table and didnt cover up with the towel. Girl who opened the door came in and started the massage without covering me up. After about 10minutes, she asked if she could  turn the A/C on and made a joke about me making her hot. Said she could nude up if she felt hot which she declined luckily as i wouldnt want to see her nude. She does not have a good body.  Short, very solid/chubby but did seem to have a nice cleavage which she said was down to a very padded bra. 
Started talking about nude massage, bodyslides etc and she mentioned her friend does it.  Quite a legit massage except a couple of accidental brushes but not in an erotic way.  
Turn over time and she covered me up. that stayed on for 2 minutes after some chat. She did feel up my balls but stayed away from the pole. Asked if she did a HJ and she asked how much would i pay. Offered the usual $20 but she said no way and counted with $40 which i passed. She said she would never do it for only $20.  Wouldnt even take $30.  She did tease me a little after to try to get me to give her $40.  Overall, the massage wasnt bad but not great. The bodyscrub seemed like a waste of time as it was quite quick.  Offered a shower afterwards which was good. The room looked very legit though with waxing supplies in the corner of the room. She said it was the bosses gear but they dont do waxing there.  The boss runs this shop and one in Rozelle and works in a cafe apparently. 

Elise worked in a shop in Missenden rd Newtown for a month where she did HJ's for $40.  She lives in the shop so is the main girl there.  The other girl was sick that day so i didnt see anybody else around but only 2 working that day normally.  If you call the mobile number, it will most likely be her that answers.


