Thread Title: Crystal Massage - Centennial Park - 0416 239 388
Floor: #1
Post Time: 14th August 2013, 09:58 PM
Poster ID: starks
Post Title: 
 Crystal Massage - Centennial Park - 0416 239 388
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Crystal

Establishment : Crystal fantasy Massage. centennial park

Date of Visit : 10/8/2013


Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0416 239 388   Asian Erotic Massage, Sydney Adult Services, Private Massage Treatment - Crystal Fantasy Massage

Hours of Business : 8am - 10pm

Rates : FS $150 1/2h
        : Massage $100 1/2

Age : 28

Size/shape : slim 

Nationality or Ethnicity : japan

Services Provided : FS, CBJ, DATY

Value for money/recommend? : yeah

My experience/comments : i found this place in the southern courier, it sounds like Crystal is the only one who does FS and she has a few other girls who do massage. i wanted FS so i went with Crystal. she had those real japanese looks to her and her english was good as well. after my shower we made out for a bit the i went down for some DATY on her. it was nice n clean shaven with a landing strip on top. after that she gave me a CBJ then i pumped her. first in missionary the flipped over for some cowgirl. then i came. and left satisfied!! Crystal was friendly, could hold a conversation and pretty hot if your into Japanese girls. i recommend this place


Floor: #2
Post Time: 15th August 2013, 05:25 AM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Crystal's ad,

"Asian Mix Beauty Professional Erotic Fantasy Massage, Beautiful girls under 28.

Take the time to enjoy yourself!
Our services, which will leave you feeling very warm, comfortable and relaxed, are high quality, sexy and hot. 

Yumi -21 year old, pro massage with happy end only, she will kiss your whole body. working at MON to SUN.
Jessie -23 year old, busty, hot, play full, working at THUR to SUN.
Crystal -28 years old, hot, nice body, naughty, working at MON to FRI.

All girls from Japan and Hong Kong.

I care about your feelings, my darling! 

PRICE for professional, erotic body massage and happy ending too, just $100 for half hour and $150 for one hour.
For full services - $150 for half hour or our special $200 one hour including a professional massage.

Our private apartment in Centennial park, , Eastern Suburbs. Near by Fox studio.
We do in call and out call services (out call charge $50 extra per hour).

HOURS: Monday to Sunday 8:00am to 10:00pm. 
We will only make appointment if your phone number is visible.
Two hour's notice is also required to make an appointment.


Let us tease those stresses away with every part"

 "


Floor: #3
Post Time: 2nd September 2013, 03:03 PM
Poster ID: BiggusDickus
Post Title: 
 May at T Chi Massage Cook Road Centennial Park. Not for Long though!  02 79014528
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Yumi 


 Establishment : PML / Dayspa



Date of Visit : August 2013



Contact Details/Address/Weblink :T Chi Massage | Massages | Gumtree Australia Inner Sydney - Moore Park | 1026573392  Cook Road Centennial Park                                     02 79014528 



Hours of Business :10am to 7pm or by appt 



Rates : $40 30 mins $60 45 mins $80 60 mins plus $30 tug (ouch!) Not talking about price either although ouchy!



Age : early 20's



Size/shape : size 8 Small "A to B " cups. 



Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese with Japanese name (Not that bright!) Honkers.



Services Provided : Massage good / tug ouch!



Value for money/recommend? : Massage fair to reasonable (Better than some shops) tug no way! Not worth the tug but yes for the massage.



My experience/comments :

Came across this ad for this punt on Gumtree then had to wipe my laptop down.
 I then read the ad for these guys. What a bunch of clowns. 
I made a booking and then got caught up in the traffic. Well what can one expect driving in the city. Had to ring and inform them I was being delayed because of 26 footballers. Gave up with the explanation and changed the hour booking to thirty minutes.
 Very unusual for me to have to cut down due to traffic but it could not be helped. 
Arrived already had the Unit number but went through the process and rang outside. 
Was buzzed into building and proceeded to second floor unit. Now upon entering was greeted by this pretty young Chinese girl. 
She took me into the unit and oh what's this a curtain hanging from the ceiling dividing the rooms. To be precise the lounge room. There was a bunch of certificates on the dimly lit wall from Concord health centre  Whatever!  Totally fraudulent certificates.
 Well I thought to myself if she asks upfront for the money  I should walk. Had a real dodgy feeling about it. Confirmed by the illegal operation of a Business in the Cook Road Centennial Park precinct. This building is zoned residential and operating a R&T from a residential unit is the way to get evicted quickly. 
But was it a R n T. It certainly felt like it was going to be.
 Now as it happens I had a bad back. (insert laugh track here!) I know screams of laughter Yes sure you've heard that all before. 
 I was thinking to myself if I don't get fixed I can always head over to BJ to get fixed for real.  By my friends in many of the BJ shops. For those of you reading from outer-state BJ is Bondi Junction not Blowjob although they are available in plentiful supply from BJ.  A BJ in BJ!  
 Now what was going to happen here was a reasonable massage. It started out by Yumi asking me what service you want? 
WTF  What do you mean?    My hopes were now alert and raised!
 But turns out the finishing school this girl went to forgot about protocols operating in a massage setting. Damn!!!
 It was just a question about massage pressure and what areas I wanted done. Well of course I thought with the dodgy certificate on the wall I was in for a dud massage and a quick handy.
 Now the massage turned out to be rather firm and quite good.  She asked if there were any particular areas I needed done as we only had 30 mins.
 I said my upper back and shoulders and then went WTF am I saying.
 But ABN 66871689365 was only recently registered and the Business was registered with ASIC on  30th August 2013  I was pretty sure this was a dodgy setup.
The fact it was also an illegal setup operating without a DA and as a business was not expecting a decent massage. Still there are surprises in every day. Now the sore shoulders and neck muscles had a decent workout from liberally applied oil and pressure from a trained pair of hands. The certificate may be dodgy but the therapist is not or at least when it comes to her massage skills. Therapeutic that is. 
The massage covered by upper back each side and then proceeded to each leg revealed from under the sheet covering me one leg at a time. The pressure was great. I almost forgot to ask would we have time for me to turn around but at the 20 minute mark was informed we had ten minutes left and was there anything else that I wanted massaged.
 Was there what! But I remained calm and suggested a bit of work on my upper legs and glutes would be just wonderful. She got straight to the inner glutes and I was in heaven. Still uncertain but now reassured she would do the task but had yet to ask. 
My intuition told me not to worry. The tug would be on if asked for. After a few minutes of firm but relaxing bum massage I informed her I was going to turn over.
Well she said "well why would you want to"  and then stopped and said "I can fix that but it will cost you more."
I said how much is it going to cost to fix that swelling. She giggled thirty dollars. 
I thought nah so I suggested how about $20 she said if you want that fixed the price is thirty and she said our time is almost up! Ahh the double play! FMD what is a man to do? Well okay you had better start. Big mistake. ouch Ouch ouch have you done this before ? Not so hard it isn't a door-snake! 
FMD again I wonder how much it will cost me to ask her to stop! rhetorical question. 
Asked her to slow down ease the grip and try from the other side of the table. Nothing worse than an enthusiastic amateur! maybe an incompetent professional. rhetorical. 
Well I was not allowed to touch grope or enjoy myself so I closed my eyes and thought of another recent punt and I finally after going way overtime got over the line. 
 I was offered a warm towel and some wipes. Got dressed and gave her $70 after getting change for two pineapples. 
 Now I will tell you her "sister" the boss returned just as I was about to go. We had a conversation that was important for her as she had paid for legals and did not receive correct or proper advice. I pay taxes she protested. Don't care don't want to know. Just told her the setup was unwise and she should look for another venue soon. Operating a business out of a home unit in a heritage area without a DA and landlord permission is the way to lose a shitload of money in fines and prosecutions. Not to mention moving fees. I don't think they will be there for long but likely will shift soon. If you want the address lookup the ABN and go to the ASIC site and you will have name address etc This will give you the information to make your own mind up about this punt. 
Wouldn't like to be getting a massage when they get busted. Being in a Heritage Business restricted area without a clue means it could be the Police visiting so perhaps waiting for these girls to pop up elsewhere might be the go. They are not too bright. But it's all good. 
Now the girl I saw said she was working with her sister.
The boss girl is named Crystal working name advertises asMay and she confessed the other girl was not her sister. Heard it all before.None of my business but she was after information. The kind she would've got ifshe had gone to a proper lawyer. But still was a little put out that she hadbeen given incorrect information about the need for a DA.
 I suggested perhapsas the story had changed in the short time I had been there about the sistersthing that perhaps she had received correct advice because she had failed to informthe lawyer about the actual situation.
 Flatmate no family.
Company not sole operator. 
Now some punters will no doubt think I should have keptquiet about this. However if you can prevent a train wreck and didn't how wouldyou deal with it after.
 Information andknowledge are powerful tools if in the correct hands. 

Now for the big question. WIR.  

For the massage Yes. For the Tug Hell no way ever. Perhapssomeone with a pliable floppy dick can show her the ropes. but for me no way!!! 


Biggus


Floor: #4
Post Time: 2nd September 2013, 03:59 PM
Poster ID: BiggusDickus
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
This thread probably should be combined with the thread Crystal in Centennial Park however it is not a parlour as such. They probably won't be around for too long as the unit they are operating from is linked to ASIC which means after the Fed Gov Caretaker conventions are over next week the landlord will probably be notified and the game will be up. So if you want to punt do so this week with safety. It will be riskier next week. BTW No Japanese here all from honkers and they are not too smart!


Biggus.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 18th September 2013, 07:10 PM
Poster ID: linebacker
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Can we assume those are not her pics on the site?


