Thread Title: Dream Girl Massage 130 Botany Rd Alexandria 0426 030 130, 0426 260 130
Floor: #1
Post Time: 19th September 2017, 05:12 PM
Poster ID: LUNGOR
Post Title: 
 Dream Girl Massage 130 Botany Rd Alexandria 0426 030 130, 0426 260 130
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Rose

Establishment : DREAM GIRL MASSAGE

Date of Visit : September 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :  130 Botany Rd Alexandria 0426 030 130, 0426 260 130

https://www.massagecbd.com

Hours of Business : Daily 10.00am to 8.00pm, last booking 8pm

Rates : massage only $40, $50, $60

Body to body massage $90/30min

Services provided: Average massage for part 1 (I did ask for a soft massage, she probably gave me a medium but lack the sensual touches I was hoping for). some finger ticklish after turn over and decent HJ - no body to body though.

Age : she said 23, which is round about right. 

Nationality: Japanese, from conversations, seems like she is half and half but when I said a few phrases in Japanese to her, she didn't response, usually for any genuine Japanese kawai girl, they would respond back like a machine gun in Japanese. anyway, it's not an issue at all. Her English is ok to carry a reasonable conversation.

Body: Very tall and slim girl, which is so not typical Japanese. all natural perky C Cups (looks bigger with the nurse uniform and push up bra on, shop roster said E Cups..........lol), nice pointy nipples pointing to the sky BTW. very long leg and good size bum.

Look: quite a pretty face, good make up, very long hair almost to her waist. when she was in her high heel she is taller than me ! so for you brothers who love a tallish girl long legs, Rose is your girl, and there is another girl, Michelle who is even taller (BTW, she was listed in the roster as DD Cup - from my visual check over clothes, may be a good B!) 

My experiences :


Airport bound on business today, so opportunity to have a punt. have been eying this shop for a while as 130 Botany used to called Red Roses and it was a FS shop, but it had recently been relaunched as Dream Girl Massage and the minimum all inclusive price of $90/30 min is on par with 227. and Botany Road is fairly convenient from my business appointment, so have a quick glance on their roster and noticed that a lot girls are listed as DD Cups, E Cups and F Cups, really ? we'll find out then.

No booking, just got there in late morning hoping they won't be that busy. never been to 130 Botany before, there is a big 130 sign plus one of those standard A frame sign showing the massage shop and you walk off from the pedestrian into a reasonably discreet entrance, no that's not the door, follow the arrow and take the door to your left, press the door bell and a petite Chinese lady let me in, she looks like a mamasan but wearing a tiny singlet top showing fair bit of cleavage although she is only a small B's.

Straight up asked me how long you want to stay, I said half an hour, that will be $90, can I see the girls first. only 1 girl available now, come this way darling and ushered me into a room behind the reception, the area right to the reception seems like the girls rest room and a guy was inside sorting out boxes. I sat in this rather dark room. big room with a double bed, a standard massage table and a good size ensuite shower. but the room is full of storage stuff so not sure if it is a working room. try to turn up the light but can't. sat there for like 3 min waiting for the mamasage to come back and no sign, so I open the door and look around, the guy was still there working and didn't give a damn that a customer was waiting. I have a quick peek on the "book" and half a page is already filled up, so this is a very busy shop. since no one is looking after me, I thought I make my way out, then a very tall Asian girl comes out from the girls area and say hi, I am Michelle, she looks Korean to me, average looking, doable type but a quick check on the boobs and pretty sure they are only B'ish, I did promise myself before I walk in that I will not settle for anything less than a C cup. so I say hi back and didn't make a move, Michelle walk back inside after say hi anyway. By then the mamasan came out from one of the other room on the ground and ask me if I like to see Michelle?

I said she looks good but a bit skinny for me, I like more curvy and busty girl. the mamasan said, no, Michelle is very busty! I said, well, to me she is not.

So you like very busty girl, may be a little bit of baby fat, I said, sure, can I see her?

OK, darling, go back inside the room and she will be ready in 2 min.

OK, why not/

went back inside and not knowing what to expect - hopefully not a really FAT baby..............lol

right on the 2 min mark, a knock on the door and this very tall girl came in, OK, this is more like it, she has a lovely face, gave me a nice smile too. eyes on boobs, reasonably busty, hope they are real, OK, she will do. at the same time the mamasan joined us and ask you want to see Rose ? I said yes please and handed over the $90.

Mamasan handed me a clean towel and said go up to room 9, take a shower and Rose will be up there shortly. I think Rose must have just finished her previous job, just waiting to farewell the client. mamasan saw that I was hesitate for a sec so she asked, you changed your mind, want to stay longer, lots of customers extended they time with Rose. sounds good but I have to go back to work.

So I walked upstairs and the lay out looked exactly as the website, now that I have a bit of time to look around, there are 4 rooms downstairs plus a rest room and there are two further rest rooms (as per the signs on the door) and i am going to room 9, so there are 9 massage rooms, a fairly large shop I thought to myself. most of the rooms are with the door shut, fuck me, don't tell me they are all busy. one room has the door opened and it has a corner spa inside. fair enough, this was a FS shop before anyway.

room 9 is right at the end of the long corridor and it's a small room. like a typical room in most RnT shops, but it does have an ensuite shower as well as a wash basin and a wall side mirror, ticks all the boxes. and a heater on the floor too, not that this is needed today.

Have a quick shower, hand held shower head, hot water came on very quickly and pressure is strong, another tick, as I was drying myself Rose came in to the room with the big pack of wet wipes.

I asked her name again and this time she spells it for me so I remember. I ask her where is she from she said Japan, I immediately said a few phrase to her in Japanese and she didn't response which is very strange as usually any genuine Japanese girl would reply in japanese like machine gun fires. never mind. Rose's English is pretty good and we continued to have a nice and friendly conversation.

would you like strong or soft massage, I said soft, as for all my 30 min quickies, really no point getting a strong one, might as well getting them soft and hopefully sensual with a lot teasing and TT. The massage was an OK medium, no sensual touches at all even when Rose was doing my butts and inside my thighs. well, part 1 in a 30 just flys, and before I know it, Rose turned on the hot shower and wetted a hand towel which she used to clean the oil off my back - by this move, she virtually ruled out the body slides on my back, as, if there is to be body to body on my back why would she cleaned the oil now. may be on my front - you wish ! after the cleaning, Rose took off her white uniform. OH, forgot to mention, the few girls I have met, they are all wearing this very show white nurse uniform which in the case of Rose and Michelle, couldn't even cover their butt as they are both very tall. Rose is wearing matching black lingerie inside. and the bra is the next thing off, finally, I could see her breasts, another misleading look as a result of the push up bra effects. those are pretty nice tits nevertheless but they ain't no E Cups, more like a good C, looks natural and quite perky and the nipples are pointy and in fact pointing to the sky. I think for most punters who are not after big big tits, this pair is perfect for you guys.

I am still on my tummy at this point so I thought may be some tits slides will be coming, but no again, I am getting some slides but fingers only and that are some ordinary slides as well. and just on my back, not touching any of the sensitive areas she could have touched.

This goes on for like 3 min then Rose ask me to turn over, finally. and I get up to have a drink of water.

Then lay back down on the table and see what's next. the panties finally comes off too, so at least I got her naked. the room is kinda dark but I am pretty sure Rose is fully shaven down there. and she started to apply some oil on lil lungor and got me hard in no time. then Rose climbed on to the table to join me, I thought, great, finally some B2B may be, again, no! she sat at the middle of the table spread my legs and she position herself in between and started the HJ. OK, if I don't do anything, I will cum in the next minute or two and my session is over, so I got up, turned Rose's body facing the wall mirror, and for the first time I am cupping her C Cups, they are all natural alright. feels great, nipples are hard pretty quickly and pointing to the ceiling.After 1 min or so playing with the tits, I asked Rose to stand up so that I could give her a body hug, my hands naturally moved down to her butt and I gave them a good grab and a good squeeze and I told Rose her ass looks great, she said not too fat, I said no, just perfect. well, could be a touch more toned but again, feel great, and I have to put my hard cock between those butt crack and have a press and a slide, just once, as Rose just back away, and pushed me back down on the table, I did and she tried to get back on to the table to finish the job, I didn't want her to get back to that position between my leg as her body will be too far back for me to touch, and no way I am going to cum without playing with her tits. so I ask her to stand next to me. she did and restarted the hand job, I asked for more oil and everything was going quite nicely, not the best HJ but nice hand, right pressure and slow pace, I am happy to cum soon. then Rose decided she could give me a better position by sitting on the table, close to me and back facing, so that my two hands can reach to her front and play with the Rose C's - this is good, so good that I am happy to give her everything I've got. Rose continued the pleasure while slowed right down, I put my hand over hers just to make sure her won't let go just yet. and finally, there are no more so I let go and she let go and gave me a clean up.

Then Rose goes into the shower to have a quick wash - which is a good sign, but really, based on all the services she gave me, she probably doesn't need to shower, but then again, everyone would appreciate a clean ML any time right ?

when she comes out I got up for my turn but Rose asked me to lay back down and said there is still some time darling, I will give you some head massage, now that's really good and I wasn't expecting it. Rose puts her clothes back on and came over to the head of the table to give me the head massage but I don't want her to mess up my hair as I have to get back to work so I sit up and let her massage my shoulder instead. still not a firm massage but the efforts is much appreciated and we have more chit chat about Hong Kong and shopping and then Rose said finish send me to shower while she cleans up the room.

I got dressed and she farewell me with a hug and a kiss and of course I have another squeeze on that butt.

Walk down and the male receptionist is there instead of the mamasan (may be she is working !!) and he asked me how was the massage, I said very good and Rose is a lovely girl.

Walk back out to Botany road with a smile on my face. not a great session but a very pleasant and happy session just the same. If Rose really has a pair of E Cups as advertised and I got some Spanish from her, this would have been an excellent session. But I am pretty confident that Rose will tick a lot of boxes for most punters especially for those who love long legs................haha

Cheers


Floor: #2
Post Time: 26th September 2017, 07:15 PM
Poster ID: Jordansigley
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Claims to be Michelle, I think she was Sasa

Establishment : DREAM GIRL MASSAGE

Date of Visit : September 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :  130 Botany Rd Alexandria 0426 030 130, 0426 260 130

https://www.massagecbd.com

Hours of Business : Daily 10.00am to 8.00pm, last booking 8pm

Rates : massage rates not applicable, asked to pay b2b prices straight up

Body to body massage $90/30min

Services provided: Pretty decent massage and an average part 2

Age : mid 20s

Nationality: Says Taiwanese

Body: tall for an asian girl, the lady claimes shes 171cm

Look: Average

My experiences :

Following Ahlungor's intel, again, much appreciated. I was out to hunt the very tall Michelle. 

It was a bit of a travel to get from the CBD so I hopeit was worth the while. I done the right thing, called in advance, at about 12pm, to book an appointment for 30min with Michelle at 545pm. i was asked, initially, if I had been there before, and if I had seen Michelle before. At that time, I thought why does it matter as they are fully licenced anyways, unless they are trynna be creative with who plays the role of 'Michelle'. 

So, with 15min until i arrive, I, again, did the right thing to calll and then then know that im still on time. 
Which, the lady, by the name of Fiona, the receptionist, asked if I had seen Michelle before. 
i have always replied, "yes i have, and i have been to the shop before" even though it was my first visit. I would have thought this would somehow stop the whole swapping game. 

Upon arrival, Fiona greeted me, and asked if i had been here before, to which I knew i could not carry on as she gives me the 'i dont recognise ur face' look. So i said i had been here before the new owners years ago, and she asked where do i jnow Michelle. "Friends referral" was my answer, rhis has obviously given her the go-ahead to send me a different lady. 

Anyways, hoped for the best, she even yelledout "michelle, customer for u in room 8". I thought wow u were right next ti the girls resting room why yell, now i know she was yelling to let me know that it is 'Michelle' who s going to be my ML. 

Got into the room, showered, 'michelle' walked in, she was tall for an asian lady, but wouldnt describe her as very tall and the roster says the Michelle should be 175cm as witnessed by Ahlugor, i failed to believe she was Michelle. Well too late to do anything else, she gave good massage actually, not much teasing not much tickle tackle, then received a brief <1min b2b, flipped for an oily hj, again notthinf special. 

Through out our conversations, I gathered that she works elsewhere at Sussexx as Sasa. 
And she says shes 171cm tall, which seemed right. Then when I stepped out, i went straight to backpage to check their roster for the day," Sasa 172cm ", I believe i got my answer. 
i was sent Sasa to play the role of Michelle. 

Not complaining the session at all as I had a good time and good chat. What tipped me over was the fact that I specifically asked, and booked in advance, for a particular lady, it was okay to say no shes not working no shes not available, but Fionas fear of losing a customer for today's 30min session led her to send a different girl to pretend it was Michelle, also led her to a loss of a customer for good. 

Im okay to lose money on dud punts and okay to see a different girl because one that i asked for isn't available, but im not okay to what had happened.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 28th September 2017, 04:32 PM
Poster ID: LUNGOR
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hey Jordan,


Thanks for taking my AR and gave this shop a try. The Michelle I saw very briefly at reception and the Rose I had a session with are definitely very tall girl. Rose in particular, with her heels on , I could see that she was taller than me from the wall mirror and I am 5' 10 !

So, don't give up mate, for the sake of those long long legs.............haha


Cheers


