Thread Title: Mascot Massage - 203 King St, Mascot - 0420 286 508
Floor: #1
Post Time: 7th June 2014, 06:37 PM
Poster ID: caseyjo
Post Title: 
 Mascot Massage - 203 King St, Mascot - 0420 286 508
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Nancy

Establishment : Harbin Massage

Date of Visit : 31st May 2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 203 King St, Mascot. 0417 270 979

Hours of Business : don't know, but open after 8pm

Rates : $35 for 30 mins, plus extras

Age : late 30s ?

Size/shape : average build, firm breasts and nipples

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese 

Services Provided : massage (nude with HJ +$40)

Value for money/recommend? : yes

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

This seems to be a new establishment still in the process of being set up. I wasn't sure what to expect but decided to TOFTT. The entrance is fairly inconspicuous, just a wooden door between two shop fronts with a small sign saying "Harbin Massage 203", but is right next to a bus stop (isn't that always the way!).

I went upstairs and rang the buzzer. A young lass (early 20s) came out to give prices and lead me to a room. However, suddenly an older lady appeared and took over the process. On closer inspection she was not as old as I first imagined and ok looking for her age.

She stayed in the room while I undressed which was a good sign. I asked for "hard" massage and got a reasonably firm relaxing massage. The towel was dispensed with early on  (another promising sign) but no tackle tickle until just before flip at which point she asked if I wanted HJ. Eventually settled on B2B and HJ for $40 (price came down when I said no at first). 

She was a pleasant lady, though her English was minimal. The massage and HJ were Ok. No body slide, but allowed kissing of breasts and some pussy play.

All in all an Ok time and would return.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 8th June 2014, 03:57 PM
Poster ID: slarty
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
After reading caseyjo's review thought I would give this place a try also.  Mamasan answered the door (probably not the same lady as caseyjo saw as she was a bit older) who had good english and explained the prices. I just went for half hour as this was first visit- Mamasan then called out and Nancy came and did the massage.

I won't do a full review as the service was pretty much as described above, even down to the B2B which wasn't. I explained the difference to Nancy as it probably was a language barrier thing.

The rooms are quite private with full walls and quite large. So not too bad worth a look I think. Nancy was friendly and I'd say around 40 but looks younger. Will probably visit again Mamasan Mimi seems ok as well.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 15th June 2014, 11:05 PM
Poster ID: bootselectric
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Gents; DO you think that other extras would be on offer like a BJ? I'm in Mascot a bit on business and have been looking for a place that offers that little extra than the standard offer..
Thx.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 9th April 2015, 04:29 PM
Poster ID: caseyjo
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
This place has been taken by new management. Namely, Anna, who also runs 29 Epsom Rd. 

This means the prices have gone up, but the range of girls is now bigger and generally younger. 
(similar prices, service and girls as Epsom)

Basically $40/$55/$65 for 30/45/60 mins. HJ add $20. Nude plus HJ add $50

They have a new website mascotmassage.com.au but it's mostly rubbish other than the prices. 

MODS: I suggest any new reviews be given a new listing as no connection between old and new other than the location.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 9th April 2015, 05:02 PM
Poster ID: caseyjo
Post Title: 
 Mascot Massage - 203 King St, Mascot - 0420 286 508
				
Post Content: 
Mascot Massage - 203 King St, Mascot - 0420 286 508

Person's Name : Eva

Establishment : Mascot Massage

Date of Visit : 31st March 2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 203 King St, Mascot.  0420 286 508  mascotmasssage.com.au

Hours of Business : 10am to 8pm

Rates : $40/$55/$65 for 30/45/60 mins, plus extras

Age : late 20s ?

Size/shape : average build, firm largish breasts

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai/Indian

Services Provided : massage (nude with HJ +$50)

Value for money/recommend? : yes

My experience/comments : 

(This place now has completely new management and operates as sister site to 29 Epsom Rd)

Took the 45 min option with nude plus HJ

Eva is quite attractive (and even better nude!). Her English is Ok and she will talk as much or as little as the client prefers.

Asked her to nude up straight away which she agreed to hesitantly. Similarly had to insist on removal on panties ("I have period" - seems to be the case with everyone these days)

Her massage skills are reasonable, though she claims to be just learning. Quite a decent firm massage. 

On flip, allowed touching (not below) and provided very sensual HJ

(Eva works here on Tuesdays but is also trying out other shops including Green Square 888)

Will be back


Floor: #6
Post Time: 9th April 2015, 05:11 PM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thank you for the review caseyjoe, and for explaining the relationship between this place and "Harbin Massage", Harbin Massage


Floor: #7
Post Time: 6th May 2015, 10:50 PM
Poster ID: Bluey651
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Gloria

Establishment : Mascot Massage

Date of Visit : 5/5/2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 203 King St, Mascot. 0420 286 508 mascotmasssage.com.au

Hours of Business : 10.00am till late

Rates : $65.00 1 hour

Age : late 20's - 30's

Size/shape : size 10. Perfectly curvy and magnificent firm and natural DD's

Nationality or Ethnicity : Korean.

Services Provided : massage and  nude HJ ($50)

Value for money/recommend? : yes Yes  YES

My experience/comments : in Mascot for the afternoon again. Took a punt at 203 King St. Really glad I did.

Rolled up at 3.00 pm and was greeted by Gloria. The place is up the stairs and the whole situation was very clean and private. The rooms are spacious and all the girls I saw there are pretty and look very professional in their uniforms.

I was hoping that I would not be passed on to some other lady as Gloria was a woman. In we went to the room. I was feeling very lucky. Stripped off and lay on the table. Gloria returned and began the massage.

Gloria has the most sexy body. Strong legs, slender bum, very pretty face , lovely long hair and DD natural breasts that are firm and with the loveliest firm nipples. Magnificent. I could not believe my luck.
Her English was very good and we were able to have a nice chat. Unusual in a Asian Massage Parlour.

The massage was excellent. Georgia is a trained therapist and you could tell. My knots disappeared and the stretching work she did really made a difference to how I was feeling. Not any tackle tickle or attention to the rear end. Was asked to turn over and she covered the "old fella" with a washer. She then asked if I would like the extra service. I said yes (my mind was saying YES YES YES. )

Gloria then disrobed all clothes. She was shapely and beautiful. I was a happy camper . She paid a lot of attention to the sack and balls with the occasional rub. As the HJ continued I kept feeling her body and magnificent breasts. She knew how to rub her body over me. She then fed me her tits and started to tug with one hand and play gently with my balls with other . I could hold back no longer and had an intense and surprisingly long orgasm. Gloria continued to gently stroke until I was fully completed. What a woman. She then cleaned up and continued to massage my neck and head. 

Another punt taken and another great experience from a previously unknown place. I have been lucky in the Mascot area of late. There are a few R&T places in the area plus several other massage places. Competition has certainly led to an improvement in the talent of the ladies and the quality of the massage and the premises


Floor: #8
Post Time: 4th August 2015, 04:43 PM
Poster ID: bomberdoode
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Amy

Establishment : Mascot Massage

Date of Visit : 3/8/2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 203 King St, Mascot. 0420 286 508 mascotmasssage.com.au

Hours of Business : 10.00am till late

Rates : $65.00 1 hour + Extra

Age : Mid 20's

Size/shape : Tall, slender, fit and firm body

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : massage and nude HJ ($50)

Value for money/recommend? : YES

My experience/comments :

Visited at midday. Called to see who was on but didnt book and as I didnt know who the girls were.

Greeted at the door and taken the room by Amy. Paid for 1 hour.

Amy isnt immediately striking. She is tall and all the girls look great in the house uniform. As she progresses one starts to appreciate her beauty. Slender, fit body from Yoga and and beautiful flat stomach from sit ups. Small B cups with long nipples.

The massage was hard and all knees in the back with her weight bearing down. She aint heavy but the force is enough for some grimmaces through the whole on the table.

20 minutes she asks what additional services I may be after, I opt for nude HJ however I am confident more is on offer.

She is now nude and she has a serious body and as she slowly stroked the old fella she made eye contact and I explained to her that I am moments away from having a major crush on her. She laughs.

This is all pretty standard with a special mention that she has a great, friendly persona, not pretentious (plus points from me for this) and is sexy as hell. She knows she has skill and she uses it.

She wasnt into daty and declined. I had a good feel of her body. I blew, got the clean up, with hot towel, dressed and left.

General Points:

Nice clean, spacious place.
Girls wear uniforms and I think its a great touch.
Some girls offer more. Exercise caution and if you ask and the ML says no just take in in your stride. You may have to visit a few times to find out the whos who.
Amy works only Mondays here but does a day at Rosebery (Saturday) , CBD and Pyrmont.

I would return.

I'm writing this on the fly so if I have left anything out please forgive and let me know and I'll add..


Floor: #9
Post Time: 7th March 2016, 09:58 AM
Poster ID: emcan
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Aya

Establishment : Mascot Massage

Date of Visit : Friday 04/03/16

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 203 King St, Mascot. 0420 286 508

Hours of Business : 10 to 7:30

Rates : $40 for 30 minutes

Age : mid-20s

Size/shape : Slim, nice body B cup

Nationality or Ethnicity : Japanese

Services Provided : massage and nhj

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments: Had a window of opportunity at lunch time on Friday, parked at the car park across the road and saw thousands of people from the cafe and bus stop near the entrance of this place.  I didn't have much time left so I just look down to the ground and walked up stairs.  Door opened and a cute Asian lady in uniform came to greet me, without hesitation I asked her to give me a 30 minutes massage and she said $40.  Now $40 is a bit more than many of the other places but the cleanliness, air-conditioning and size of room of this place definitely worth the $5 extra, especially in hot summer days.  Her English is pretty good considered that she told me she has only been to Australia for a few months.

Into the room gave her $50 and she went out to get change while I laid down on the table on my stomach, when she came back in she asked if I want hard or soft massage, I said hard.  Then she started to give me a medium massage, not the type I like but I don't care because she is so cute and I can't stop thinking about the second part of the event and the massage was really relaxing, after about 15 minutes I got really bored and I started to caressing her legs, her skin is so smooth and I couldn't stop feeling them.  

After a while she asked me to turn over and she used the universal hand sign and show 2 fingers, I asked if more was on offer she said $50 to take off, I then asked again if she does more she said no, damn I thought.  I took the $50 option and she started to undress and revealing a nice slim body with a sets of B cups, she is really cute and I'm already hard by looking at that.  She started a slow hj and if felt so good, I started to feel every inch of her soft skin while she started some nice kissing on my nipples, light touch on downstairs is allowed but I didn't push for more.  I did manage to get her to sit on top of me while giving the hj and sucked her nipples a bit.  I must say what a view it is to have a young and cute Japanese lady sitting on top of you and jacking you off, she had me over the line in no time.  

Overall a great experience, too bad more wasn't on offer but I will definitely return to try my luck next time.


