Thread Title: Sakura Japanese Massage
Floor: #1
Post Time: 6th July 2017, 11:07 PM
Poster ID: MLMatt
Post Title: 
 Sakura Japanese Massage
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Mariko 

Establishment : Sakura Bondi Junction 

Date of Visit : June 2017 

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : SAKURA | Japanese Massage in Bondi area

Hours of Business : MOn-Sun 10-7

Rates : $40/30m 

Age : 20s 

Size/shape : Petite 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Japanese 

Services Provided : Nude HE 

Value for money/recommend? : Yes. Will go back 

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

Was walking around Bondi Junction and spotted a new massage sign. In i want to check it out and was greeted by a Japanese princess, dressed casual and cool. 

$40 for 30 mins down and in the room we went. She immediately asked if i wanted a HE. Yes please. Nude. Sure. We both stripped down and after navigating the small room it was onto the massage table. 

A light massage with her on my back naked most of the time and suddenly it was time for the flip. Well, the site of her wonderful, perky and petite a-cups sent me a little wild and before long she had me going. Her skin was soft and sensual and her eyes mesmerising. Her body though was that of a lithe, thin beauty. I'll be back for sure. 

After a wonderful climax, it was time for the tidy up, a cup of tea and a bid farewell as i went about my business at a busy Friday lunch time. 

Recommended especially while all new.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 7th July 2017, 08:30 AM
Poster ID: wachumba
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Not sure who you got but doesn't sound like Mariko from you description. Mariko is curvy size 10. Not a 'lithe thin beauty'
Also much bigger than an a cup as can be sent by her photo
Shop says she works Tuesday and Thursday


Floor: #3
Post Time: 7th July 2017, 11:47 PM
Poster ID: MLMatt
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Sorry that was name i was given. I'll have to go back and try again!


Floor: #4
Post Time: 26th August 2017, 01:17 PM
Poster ID: wachumba
Post Title: 
 Sakura Japanese Massage
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Chika

Establishment : Sakura Japanese Massage, 235 Oxford St Bondi Junction.

Date of Visit : Aug 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 80577880, SAKURA | Japanese Massage in Bondi area ????????? ?Bondi Japanese Massage ????????? - Sydney body rubs - cracker.com.au

Hours of Business : 10am-8pm

Rates : $40/30min +$50

Age : 30

Size/shape : Size 8, B Cups. Not skinny but not fat.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Japanese

Services Provided : Nude HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Average

My experience/comments : After a legit massage at Ally's, felt a need to release so checked out this new place.  It is a small shop with a tiny table for reception that is also used for their nail services. Looks like they only have 2 proper rooms and also another massage table in the back area that has a curtain for privacy. The walls are thin and you can hear all conversations that happen so everybody else can hear what goes on in the room. Mio and Chicka were available at the time but while Mio is more attractive, I was told she is a legit therapist. Comments on another forum say that they are hiring a few legit girls and also have a guy working once a week to deal with their groupon and legit customers. This shop is run by same people as Thairapeutic in the city.

The shops description says that she used to be a dancer so i was expecting a very nice body but she has a little fat on her but not much so her body is still nice enough but not really great. B Cups tits, unshaved and i thought her face was cute enough. I already had a massage so lied face up from the start which she had no problems with. Negotiated straight away for extras which was $25 for HJ and $50 for nude. She didnt bother trying to do a proper massage and just went straight for a lighter, more sensual massage on the legs, chest and stomach while occasionally rubbing my cock.  Started the HJ but her technique was just straight up and down on the shaft and no head work. Kissed my nipples and chest and let me feel her up including between her legs. After 5 minutes, she sped things up and had a quite a tight grip which wasnt doing it for me but she did ask how i liked it since i hadnt cum yet. Finally got one away after about 15 minutes. Wiped down with hot towels.
Chicka has just gone to work for her 2nd year visa but she said she will be back.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 8th June 2018, 12:42 AM
Poster ID: MLMatt
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Kelly (i think) 

Establishment : Sakura Bondi Junction 

Date of Visit : May 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Contact | SAKURA and 235 Oxford Street 

Hours of Business : 10-8

Rates : $40/30min

Age : late 20s

Size/shape : Curvy 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Korean 

Services Provided : Nude HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes 

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

Was at a pause for a good run down and opted to head back to Sakura. It's in a very public location so not for the feint hearted. 

Rocked up as another punter was leaving and was shown to the end room. This rooms doubles as the storage room so it was lined with lockers and lots of bxes of tissues! 

I was only there for 30 mins so handed a pineapple over straight away and asked for 10 mins massage / 20 mins playtime. The massage lady - Kelly i think she said but she was softly spoken sorry - started a medium strength massage and then hopped on the table. She's a curvy korean so once on the table had a lot of pressure which was great. 

After 10 i felt enough knots had dissipated so i asked to flip. she immediately stripped down to reveal a cracking set of tits somewhere between c/d cup with large and super sexy areola. Under her panties was a solid bush - obviously a Nationals voter!  She hopped up on the table and started a slow massage of my lower regions. Loads of ball sack play and she rubbed up and down my body also. It was a super sexy massage. After a while of moving about the table we were reaching the 30 min mark and so time to amp up the speed. We were chatting easily throughout so time had passed quickly. Anyway, I exploded everywhere and she stayed holding me manhood for a a while and extracting the last of my load... 

Then it was a quick clean up and ducked out of the front entrance hoping the crowd outside didn't pay much attention.


