Thread Title: SWEET PEACH Massage - 1071 Botany Rd, Mascot, NSW 2020 - 0414781098
Floor: #1
Post Time: 11th September 2017, 04:04 PM
Poster ID: bomberdoode
Post Title: 
 SWEET PEACH Massage - 1071 Botany Rd, Mascot, NSW 2020 - 0414781098
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Michelle

Establishment : Sweet Peach Massage

Date of Visit : 11/09/2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : ?????????Hot???????????? SWEET PEACH MASSAGE MASCOT ????????????Hot????????? - Sydney body rubs - cracker.com.au

Hours of Business : 10am - 8pm

Rates : $40/30, $50/45, $65/60 + Extras

Age : Circa 29-31

Size/shape : Slim, C/D Cups, some toning required (as she says)

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Massage + NHJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes - Maybe related to another shop so roster could get interesting.

My experience/comments : Saw this joint whilst driving past. Its near the BP on Botany Road Mascot, situated between a Dry Cleaner and a Milk Bar. Time to TOFTT.

I just did the walk in (no booking). Greeted by a mature looking Michelle. She was wearing back dress and thongs. Her cleavage looked appealing. She ushered me into the first room. Walls don't go right up to the ceiling. Not an issue as I was the only one there other than one other staffer.
This place seems to have two cubicles plus a staff area. Its clean and cosy. Classic decor from a Chinese ownership (Just an observation so may not even be accurate)

Agreed on $40 for half, she asked me to undress while she went and did the financials. Upon return I broke the ice by saying I was shy and she replied "no need to be shy with me". From there on she was warm, friendly and we chatted nicely through out.

She asked if I wanted oil or not as she understands that oil may add some complexity to those that are returning to work after a massage. Massage was pretty decent. And then on the rollover the standard offer. I went for the NHJ for $50. Off came the gear and i noted she had great C/D cup breasts with nice erect, pointy nipples. They looked firm and genuine and I cant say if they were fake. Definitely great though. 

She has a milfy body and while she weighs 52KGs only, her and I both, discussed both our needs to exercise more and tone up.

Her HJ technique is great. Two hands and she asked how I wanted it - slow, medium or fast. I opted for slow. She had great "dicking" hands. Her grip was positioned at right spot. Some girls can grip too low. I reached the end and she did a thorough cleanup. No rushing and a friendly tone all along.

It was 1:30pm and I was her first customer. She thanked me as she said she was getting a little sleepy after a late night previous, watching GOT.

Michelle is a veteran. I can tell from her demeanor. She works here Mondays and Thursdays and other days spread across Rockdale, Harris St etc.

I would say that as this place is new it will take some time, and reviews, before it gets busy. So in the mean time you never know here or how far a (polite) negotiation may take you. 

Easy parking on the side streets.

Hope this review helps. As usual if I've left anything out let me know..

BD


Floor: #2
Post Time: 31st October 2017, 10:50 PM
Poster ID: Bluey651
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Amy

Establishment : Sweet Peach Massage

Date of Visit : 30/10/2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :  OPEN LATE TIL 12AM ????????? Hot?????????SWEET PEACH MASSAGE MASCOT ?????????Hot????????? - Sydney body rubs - cracker.com.au

Hours of Business : 10am - 12.00am

Rates : $40/30, $50/45, $65/60 + Extras

Age : 20's

Size/shape : Average. B cups. Short. Nice smile

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Massage + NHJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes 

Experience:
Was in Mascot for work and needed a good massage as I was very sore. It was later in the evening (8.00pm). I noticed the Cracker add and I rolled up with out an appointment.

Amy was the only lady there. The other lady arrived during my massage. I asked Amy for an hour and she left while I got undressed. Not knowing the place I left my undies on. When Amy returned she promptly told me to take off everything and she helped me remove my pants.

Amy is not unattractive but she is very much mainland China in looks. She has an OK body but a lovely smile. Her attitude and personality were what made the massage good.

Her massage as very good. She spent four years as a remedial massage lady in China. The pain I was in from my back problem was dissolved. She was excellent. 

All the time, while massaging, she is gently grazing her nails along my legs or back. She is lightly rubbing, or scratching the small of my back. She was finishing the back massage by rubbing my legs and working up the inside of my legs to the scrotum. She was very good.

She asked me to turn over and I already had a semi. Se asked about extras and I went for the nude HJ. Her technique was marvelous. She oiled up the whole area and was massaging my pubic area. She would massage my cock and then work all around. Not forgetting the balls and Perenium.

She was slow then quick. She enjoyed me touching her and she eventually lay across my cock. She was using two hands and rubbing her breasts all over at the same time. It was totally stimulating. I could not hold back any longer. I came and she just kept working on me . She then grabbed some tissues and wipes to clean up. I just kept on cumming. Se smiled and kept working on me. I eventually finished. Amy giggled and cleaned me up. She said that she has not seen so much cum. I told her that I havent either. I thanked her and kissed her.

Amy finished with a wonderful frontal massage and head rub. My pain had gone and I was very relaxed. I gave her the $50 plus a tip. She was wonderful. Amy thanked me. We kissed and I left.

She was not a stunner but was a lot of fun and a very good at massage and ballology. I will go again if I am in town. Amy works ther four days a week.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 16th December 2017, 07:30 AM
Poster ID: SeaRay
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Needing petrol and the Virgin points, the SeaRay visited this little 3 cube Mascot RnT and took a $50 massage from a young spotty faced 24 Year old Thai girls who had a very perky body.
She wanted another $50 for the nude RnT but I offered her $40 as sixty bucks will get you a full service and massage in Marrickville


Floor: #4
Post Time: 28th March 2018, 11:39 PM
Poster ID: melboy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Natasha

Establishment : Sweet Peach Massage

Date of Visit : Wednesday in late Feb 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : OPEN LATE TIL 12AM ????????? Hot?????????SWEET PEACH MASSAGE MASCOT ?????????Hot????????? - Sydney body rubs - cracker.com.au

Hours of Business : 10 AM - midnight

Rates : $40/30, $50/45, $65/60 + Extras

Age : Early 20s

Size/shape : Perfect slim hourglass, moderately proportioned boobs, great ass

Nationality or Ethnicity : Taiwanese

Services Provided : Massage + NHJ

Value for money/recommend? Yeah

My experience/comments :

Was in the area late after dropping off some relos at the airport and decided to explore options in this unfamilar area. Stumbled on the cracker ad above and decided to rock up, half expecting the place to be closed despite its advertised midnight closing. However the flashing OPEN sign was on and Natasha greeted me at the door (it was locked). Well pleased with the look of Natasha, I opted for 45 for a pineapple. A small pang of trepidation immediately hits - was she just the bait and I was about to get given the ole switcharoo? Turns out this fear is misplaced and Natasha is my ML.

This place ain't the Ritz and feels a bit dingey to be honest. I'm shown to my "room". It is cramped and cooled by a noisy fan. Walls (partitions?) are thin and not full height either, but at least there is a door instead of curtains. All things considered, it is fairly cheap and open late, so beggars can't be choosers. I strip and flop down on the just big enough table. 

Natasha returns and proceeds to deliver a surprisingly good massage. While Natasha's tight fitting, low cut outfit suggests extras her massage does not. There's zero hint of anything nawty happening until she's well finished hot toweling the oil off me, and even then it is a bit of a quick token fingernails effort.

Despite being a bit underdone on the flip, when Natasha pops the extras question I'm desperate to see her nude. Another pineapple is required (up front!) for this. Disappointingly her undies stay on due to Secret Womens Business issues. Still Natasha is a sight to behold - perfect hourglass shape, quality toned bum visible (even if still covered). If only her boobs were a bit bigger she'd be model material I reckon!

Natasha's HJ technique is only average and quickly deteriorates when I don't cum in the first few minutes like most customers do. Transfixed by her body I let her go a bit too long and she actually starts to hurt melboy jnr. I give him a rest by having a nice suckle on her pert titties before finishing the job myself. Cleaned up with tissues followed by quick head massage where Natasha properly relaxes for the first time and comes across as a nice warm friendly girl - most of the session she was a bit on the clinical side.

WIR? I have (just to behold that body again)


Floor: #5
Post Time: 19th September 2018, 02:34 PM
Poster ID: bomberdoode
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Amber

Establishment : Sweet Peach Massage

Date of Visit : September 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 1071 Botany Rd, Mascot NSW 2020 Home - SWEET PEACH MASSAGE MASCOT : SWEET PEACH MASSAGE MASCOT

Hours of Business : 10 AM - midnight

Rates : $40/30, $50/45, $65/60 + Extras ( I went for 1hr + %50 tip)

Age : Mid 20s

Size/shape : Size 12, larger butt. D cup.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Malaysian

Services Provided : Massage + NHJ

Value for money/recommend? Yes

My experience/comments : 

After my disappointment earlier I went to Sweet Peach without a booking.

Greeted by Amber and immediately like her smile and energy.

Booked an hour. Disrobed while she did the banking.

Amber has a nice smile and bright eyes. She is roughly a size 12. Voluptuous Id say. Good English so the conversation was decent along the way.

On the flip I just asked to remove her dress. She removed it all except the undies.

From there it was GFE. Rolling around, kissing being tugged, playing with boobs. 

I will see her again. She was exactly what I was looking for on this day.

This place isn't flash with two cubicles and walls that dont go the ceiling. You can hear staff talking and going to the toilet.  All in all its not the worst, its just small.

On the plus side they open until Midnight most nights and have and evening shift with a staff change over around 7pm or so.

YMMV and like I mentioned on another post, its probably best as one of those places you visit when you know who you are seeing. 

General Points
Its on busy Botany Road next to the BP at Mascot.
Parking can be challenge but you will find something.
ATM 50 metres down the road or at BP.
Opens late.
They have sister shop (not sure which one) so ML interchange could be interesting.


