Floor: #1
Post Time: 22nd March 2018, 02:44 PM
Poster ID: bomberdoode
Post Title: 
 Tuk Tuk Thai Massage - 1/550 Bunnerong Rd, Matraville NSW 2036 - (02) 8958 8283
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Amy (first day, near no English)

Establishment : Tuk Tuk Thai Massage

Date of Visit : 22/03/2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :  1/550 Bunnerong Rd, Matraville NSW 2036 - (02) 8958 8283

Hours of Business : 10am - 8pm

Rates : $69 - 1 hour + $50 NHJ

Age : Mid 20's

Size/shape : Voloptuos with D cups

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese (with a Thai tan)

Services Provided : Hard Massage + Topless HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes for the dard massage, no so for extra 

My experience/comments : 

This place always presenetd as legit. In a quiet spot in Matraville. Seems to be under new management with a Chinese Mamasan that is sharp -knows what she is selling know who is buying.

Straight to it.

Amy answers the door. No more nurses uniforms. Now a shirt black dress with loads of cleavage and with the customary sloppy joe to wear between customers probabaly because of the air con.

Amy is happy and cheerful and almost has no english except the usuall - thank you, yes, turn over etc Whilst her english is very limited she also knows what she is selling.

I paid $69. Thought it was a bit steep.

Amy did a great hard massage. A win for me as I was primarily after a good massage with any extras a bonus but not a deal breaker. It was hard and firm and I was reaching around feeling her legs and butt from the start. No objections. At tiimes she sat on my legs as she massaged my lower back. 

The massage was great.

On the flip she offered (with hand gestures) what I translated as NHJ for $50 and "suck" for $90. Wasnt about pay $90 for a suck so opted for the standard NHJ.

In this department she displays her skills. Great hand work and great teasing sense of humour. An easy going fun chick. Points here for this.

Now the downside. When I go to remove her knickers she declines and indicates its that time of the month. And as she doesnt have the English to articulate she pulls the front of her knickers down and forward to show me the pad. Luckily it wasnt soiled. This indicates the level of candidness I guess. (To put a postive spin on it)

Anyway had a light suck of her caramel nipples that were all natural and as I get impatient I took over with a few minutes to go and as I blew she pressed her body against my chest and I had my mouth/face nestled in her neck area. This was quite nice. Followed by a cleanup and encouraging and satifying gestures by Amy. She seems like a cool chick. 

The experience was more positive than negative and this was Amy's first day at this shop. I told Mamasan Amy was great. Mamasan gave me a number and told me that there are new girls everyday.

I would return even for the massage. And I am tempted to sheck ot the new girls.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 1st September 2018, 10:55 AM
Poster ID: SeaRay
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
The SeaRay popped into this RnT yesterday thinking if was a Thai RnT as is called TUK TUK but it's all Chinese M.L. Ladies. The 1/2 hour rub was $40 and I paid $20 for the tug from a 35 Year Old lady who didn't offer the clothes of option and I didn't seek it. Apart from it being very neat and clean, it was nothing special.....SR


