Thread Title: Y&F CHINESE MASSAGE - Randwick - 02 9398 5201
Floor: #1
Post Time: 6th March 2014, 09:28 PM
Poster ID: fuzzy
Post Title: 
 Y&F CHINESE MASSAGE - Randwick - 02 9398 5201
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lucy

Establishment : Reborn

Date of Visit : 6/03/14

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 159 Allison Rd Randwick 93985201

Hours of Business : 9.30am - 10:00pm

Rates : $65/hr and $20 hj

Age : I would hazard a guess of late 30's

Size/shape : Probably around a size 8 and probably 

Nationality or Ethnicity : MLC

Services Provided : Massage n Tug

Value for money/recommend? : Massage- Definitely. Part2 Ok nothing special

So I was feeling in a dire need of a massage and in hope of some extra. Went around to a few places in the area trying to scope out what was massage place had that little bit of extra.In I walked the place looked slightly on the dingy side which for me is a hall mark of a happy place. I know some places are dressed up but these dingier ones tends to have a higher probability of what we are after. It did offer Health rebates so I starting to doubt my choice.

Greeted by a MLC who took me into a room cordoned off by a corrugated sliding door. She had a decent enough body for someone of her age but her face wasn't anything to write home about.

Off came the clothes, but left my undies on. Can't be to presumptuous in these untried places can we. 

The oil was applied and not just slobbered on. What pursued was one of the best strong massages I've had the pleasure of receiving. Good use of elbows, forearms and thumbs and knuckles. Not very typical of a Chinese masseuse. Typically you just get that push massage which does absolutely nothing for me. This massage technique covered the whole body and was at times looking even more promising as she straddled my arm as it hung to the side of the massage table with her legs. The massage continued without any further indication that there would be more on offer but the magical 45mins rolled through and up popped the question. hand sign for hand job, followed by 2 fingers indicating $20. 

I nodded my head and what followed was a ok job but nothing to write home about.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 22nd August 2017, 09:28 AM
Poster ID: LUNGOR
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
This shop has recently changed hands according to some intels I got .

So it should be more of a RnT shop now than a legit place. But apparently still like to keep a low profile as they all do........ lol

Too bad it's not on my usual CBD radius.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 4th September 2017, 03:24 PM
Poster ID: LUNGOR
Post Title: 
 Orchid Essential Wellbeing Centre, Thai & Oil Massage 159 Alison Rd, 9398-5201, 0414 396 816
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Amanda 

Date of Visit : September 2017

Address/phone: Orchid Essential Wellbeing Centre, Thai & Oil Massage 159 Alison Rd, 9398-5201, 0414 396 816

Hours of Business: 10 am till 9 pm daily

Rates : $40 for 30 mins, $50/45, $60/60  

Age : mid 20's

Size/shape : medium height, size 6, B cups, very pretty face

Nationality or Ethnicity: Thailand

Services Provided: excellent firm massage with a few typical Thai tricks, may be more on offer but you will have to find out yourself

My experiences:



Have been planning to give this shop a try. an appointment in Bondi Junction today provided the opportunity. drove down Alison Road and found a 2hr parking few doors down from the shop. 159 Alison is on the main road, the signage outside actually said Chinese massage. As I slided the door open and walked inside, no one at reception, the lobby area is very spacious, the reception desk on the left hand side and there are three big comfy sofas on the right hand side obviously are for foot massage. I waited about 30 seconds and a slender young Asian lady came out from one of the rooms and asked if I have an appointment, I said no, she then said I will be available in 5 min, would you like to wait, I said are you the boss, she said no, boss not here yet, I am Amanda.

Amanda has a really pretty face (I thought of Pinky from the Star right away but Amanda is a bit taller), she is wearing a white massage uniform and of course I have already given her body a visual assessment, well, not busty at all, may be a B, but I am here and got a close by parking outside, so why not, I could actually use a good massage today. So I tell her I am happy to wait 5 min, and will stay for 45 min, Amanda said that will be $50 and you can pay me later. I asked to use the bathroom, Amanda said just follow the corridor and walk to the end.

There are 4 rooms, two on each side of the corridor (all with doors closed) and one room at the end which the door is opened. as I walked through to the back, there is another room on the right, lots of rooms I thought. then I walked past a closed room with the sign "Sauna" on the door but the door is closed so not sure about the facilities, then I walked past the laundry area with a washer and dryer and the sink. then another closed room also with the sign "Sauna" on the  door, wow, two sauna rooms, I'm impressed !!


Finally, the bathroom appears on the right, it's quite clean and spacious and there is a shower inside, a very spacious shower too, and for some unknown reasons, there are two vertical curve wall mirror tiles on the opposite wall of the shower. I was peeing into the toilet and turned my head to look at the set up, I could put this shower to very good use - I hope they have the right massage lady for that, too much to hope for for an unknown shop ??

Washed my hands and noticed there was no towel ! then I remembered the basin in the laundry area and there is a towel next to the sink and hand soap too, guess this sink is much closer than the shower room at the end. BTW, as I walked out from the bathroom, I noticed that there is a rear entrance with a roller door, talking about good shop set up, this place tick all the boxes including a rear entrance !!

walked back to the reception area and Amanda came out from one of the room and said to me she is ready now but need to say goodbye to her customer and asked if I don't mind to wait inside a room, good thinking, I definitely don't want to see the face of the customer before me, So I followed Amanda and she lead me to the room facing the front, it's a small room, massage table in the middle a side table with oil, candle cakes and boxes of tissues, all good signs, but NO mirrors! the room has no window and the wall for this room actually is fully enclosed while the other 4 rooms there are gaps at the top, I usually don't like fully enclosed rooms like that but before I could ask Amanda for a room change I could feel some cool air blowing from the corner, I looked up, there is an air vent with central air conditioning. problem solved, I am happy.

Sat on the table and heard that Amanda said goodbye to her client and by the sound of it, he is a happy customer. more ticks.

Then Amanda came into my room and asked again how long I want to stay, 45 min, that will be $50, I handed over the cash, I have already decided Not to pay the tips upfront in case it's not on, I suppose, it's all because there is no Chinese mamasan there to confirm. So I am just gonna to go with the flow.

I lay on the table, as I noticed that they are using a clothe sheet instead of the disposable table cover, so I left my under pants on as well.

Amanda tried to place a towel over me and I asked her not to so she started from the top of the table and began her massage on my neck and shoulder. as soon as she started, she said my shoulder is very tight and she needs to fix them for me, yes please !!

What follows in the next 30 min was some very firm and therapeutic massage, probably not the very best I have but right up there and I could tell that Amanda is very good and well qualified at it. And while she was massaging me, we started a chit chat and surprised surprised, Amanda can actually speak some Mandarins so we ended up conversing in Chinese. this shop apparently is very busy, with about 1/3 of the customers are female. and yes, they do have a new Chinese boss but she is not there yet. 

So, I got what I paid for, a very relaxing and yet very firm Thai style massage which was great for my neck and shoulder, Amanda speaks quite good English and is slim and pretty, so I can see that she should be very popular. I can neither deny or confirm if more will be on offer, this shop looks very clean and legit and have plenty of female clients, so you decide if this is for you.

Cheer



ps. Dear MODs, 

can you please update the title of this shop, I got the information from their business card so that should be most current.

many thanks


Floor: #4
Post Time: 31st August 2018, 10:06 AM
Poster ID: tersm2007
Post Title: 
 Kitty –  Y&F CHINESE MASSAGE - Randwick - 02 9398 5201
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Kitty


Establishment : Y & F CHINESE MASSAGE


Date of Visit : 25/08/18


Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 159 Alison rd Randwick


Phone : 9398 5201


Hours of Business : 10am - late


Rates : 30mins / 40 + $20 HJ


Age : 27


Size/shape : 5-6


Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai


Services Provided : Massage & HJ


Value for money/recommend? : No/Yes


My experience/comments :
Mostly Chinese girls here, but they had a Thai girl on this day, so I gave it a go. Kitty is very skinny. Too much in fact IMHO. No boobs to speak of, when she offered nude for $50 I had no hesitation in saying 'no thanks!' Thankfully, her massage – or teasing massage skills are very good. She asked if I had been there before – nope. Therefore the massage started quite legit. She brushed against my balls and let out with an obvious fake "oops so sorry" I juts though oh pleeeease just get on with it! I directed her to massage my groin area and she 'got on with it'. Very slow and pleasant strokes on my shaft and balls. On the flip she asked if I wanted a HJ / nude. I went for the $20 HJ. 


She is a sweet girl, always smiling and provides a solid HJ with lots of teasing. A no for the massage, a yes for HJ and teasing. From memory she only worked 2 days.


