Floor: #1
Post Time: 12th September 2017, 08:01 AM
Poster ID: robot
Post Title: 
 1/432 Burwood Rd Hawthorn - 0432030094
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Amber 

Establishment : No name - Lets call it Burwood Rd Massage 

Date of Visit : 11/9/17 

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 1/432 Burwood road Hawthorn - 0432030094 

Hours of Business : 10-9pm 

Rates : 30min / $50 (opening special $40) + $60 Nude HJ 

Age : Mid 20's 

Size/shape : Chubby 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian/Spanish mix 

Services Provided : Nude HJ 

Value for money/recommend? : Not for me 

My experience/comments : 

New place advertising on locanto so I thought I would check it out to see how willing they are to please new customers. Place is opposite Swinburne uni with a bit of traffic but the shop is pretty discrete. Just a small sign with no name on the small doorway to show where the shop is. No flashing neon sign - yet. 

Walked up the stairs, through the door and followed arrows pointing to reception. A bit of a maze and actually couldn't find my way out easily. Reception was a small room. Sitting inside was the reception lady who was a friendly overweight indian lady, a couple of other indian girls and a girl who looked asian mix who i found out was my massage lady and my girl (Amber). All of them were slightly overweight and none were anything special to look at. 

Asked how long and told her 30 mins, she said usually $50 but opening special of $40 at the moment. Reception lady then showed me to my room and told me to get ready. Stripped off while checking out the room. Pretty bright for a dodgy massage place. Beds were nice and solid with a big face hole which is a nice change to the ones I can barely fit my nose through. 

A bit later Amber walks in. As mentioned, she carries a bit of weight but not too much, dark skin and distinct face which is due to her Spanish/Asian mix, but nothing to get attracted to for me. She was wearing a loose top and jeans. 

Massage was pretty good. Right amout of pressure at the right places. Issue is (for me anyway) is that she talks way too much. I like a bit of chatter but this girl never shut up. When she got onto the legs there was a decent amout of teasing getting ready for the flip. When I turned over she asked if I would like anything extra today. After I said sure she started with prices, HJ = $50, topless = $80, Nude = $100. I have a laugh and say there's too much competition around for those prices. She says ok I'll do nude for $60. Wow, nice price drop, some guys must agree and get ripped off. 

When she strips, theres nothing unexpected. Decent size boobs and a curvy, slightly chubby body. Tug was ok, lots of technique and a bit of attention to the balls and perineum, but she kept talking which was annoying. My hands roamed around but it did take me a while to cum. The attraction wasn't there. After a while she started looking at the clock, we had gone over but she didn't say anything. I pushed myself to explosion, got a quick cleanup with a hot towel and got out of there (after getting help on the right door out). 

Not a bad place but none of the girls look like they would excite me enough to go back anytime soon. Amber works there Monday, Tuesday and Friday. 

Sorry Admins, shop didn't have a name on the front and no name in any searches I do.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 12th September 2017, 08:12 AM
Poster ID: Frontloader
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks Robot, nice find.

Here is the add here:
http://melbourne.locanto.com.au/ID_1...XPERIENCE.html

Brand new shop in hawthorn with experienced young,friendly girls. They know how to make you feel relaxed and happy with their art of touch
Come in or book at
0432030094
Opening at 11th, September on Monday 
We believe in our service so come and book us, we will make sure you will get incredible service
Level 1
432, Burwood road 
Hawthorn


