Floor: #1
Post Time: 3rd December 2017, 09:32 AM
Poster ID: Frontloader
Post Title: 
 1/88 boronia rd, boronia, Vic - 0451 331 283. - November 2017
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : fiona

Establishment : a massage shop, 1/88 Boronia rd, Boronia, vic
I don't think there is a name on the shop facade/window.

Date of Visit : November 2017, Wednesday

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0451 331 283
http://melbourne.locanto.com.au/ID_9...e-massage.html

Hours of Business : 10am - 8pm

Rates : wed special $10 off all rates. Mine was $50 for 45 min, normally $60.  Extras tip was $50 for nude hj.

Age : early 20's

Size/shape : size 8, 5'3, small B's that point a little, not fat and not skinny, defined waist and curvy arse, well tanned all over. Black straight hair just past shoulders, pleasant face.

Nationality or Ethnicity : chinese, good english skills

Services Provided : massage, nude hj

Value for money/recommend? : not really as she just goes through the motions with little effort to connect.

My experience/comments : called up and mamasan answered, said she had a nice young girl today, new. Arrived later that morning and organised a 45 minute massage. Fiona presented herself and she looked young and inviting. Into room, pay, get changed and she returns. Massage commences.

Fiona's massage skills are poor, light touch and doesn't appear skilled or strong enough to provide a deep massage. It wasn't the worst I've ever had, but it was a long way from being any good, even with some direction and suggestions. 

I asked early on if she did nude. Said yes but said this would be later. At about 15 min in I asked her to jump up, sit on my arse and massage my back. No problem but the hand pressure was still not there. She moved down to my but and I took her hand asked for more massage deep into my thighs. She got the hint and started some nice teasing for a few minutes. She them got off, and wiped me down with a hot towel. I requested nude at 30 min in, and off it came. Fiona has a great bod, and a hairy bush with quite long hairs which could do with a bit of trimming, other than that it was tidy. 

She teased me for a bit then I asked her onto the table for an exchange massage. On she got face up with legs apart. I got on facing her with her legs over mine and started massaging her chest, boobs, waist and worked my way down to her pussy. She request no fingers in. 

I massaged her pussy but she was far from getting wet or even being semi interested. I asked about licking but she said she didn't like it. Poor little FL was starting to lose interest. We change positions and she oils me up. No jack hammer, just nice and slow with a couple of techniques thrown in as well as some light ball scratching. We chat and she says she hardly ever gets wet and doesn't get into it. With that I thought I might as well enjoy the rest of the ride while I was there and relaxed back, stroked the outside of her pussy whilst she finished me off. My fingers stroked her lips in time with her effort and found a little way in but she still wasn't really wet... I drop my load and she seems happy with that. Clean up with hot steamed towels they keep in the room, dress, tip her $50 and I left. 

Fiona seems a little detached which deflated the air of excitement I had on entering. There are others there that I would see another time. Appears to have mostly young ML's. Rooms a clean and well presented, towels are changed for each customer. No shower.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 18th December 2019, 08:43 AM
Poster ID: Wollee
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jenny

Establishment : 1/88 Boronia Rd Boronia Vic 3155 Located in Hastings Ave at Cnr of Boronia Rd.

Date of Visit : November 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0451331283

Hours of Business : 10.00 till late

Rates : $50 for 30 minutes plus $50 for extras

Age : 29

Size/shape : Medium Build Breasts 34 B

Nationality or Ethnicity : Korean been in Aus for 2 years

Services Provided : Nude Massage, DATY, Light Fingering, Tug

Value for money/recommend? : Would I return ...YES....

My experience/comments :

I was looking for something in the local area and tried a couple of outlets. It was about 8.00 pm on a Saturday night and no one caught my attention. As a last resort I ended up here and got a good surprise. Entered and from the back came a bubbly little thing, dressed in a short skirt with a shoe string strapped top. These straps did not cover her black bra straps. Took me into a room and asked how long did I want to stay. I opted for 30 mins and handed over $50. I asked her name and she replied Jenny. I introduced myself and pulled her in for a hug, which she accepted.

She leaves, I strip and sit on the table with another $50 at the ready. Jenny returns and gets a surprise at me sitting. She comes into the room and puts her little bag onto the side table. As she bends over to put it down she showed off everything underneath. A g string with a slither of material between her butt cheeks. I motion her to come to me and open my legs to get her closer. I hand her the $50 and tell her want I would like to do. Nude, DATY, Tug...She says that cost $70. I said I only have $50 and that is what is cost last time. Jenny obviously realises that it is nearly closing time and she may not get another customer so she accepts my offer and again moves away, bending over, I believe this time, on purpose.

Jenny then comes to me and notices I am interested, with half a boner !. She then unclipped the zip on her skirt and let's it fall to the floor. I then turn her around and remove her top over her head. I then pull her into my boner and put my cock between her legs and start sliding it in and out of her closed soft thighs. I soon stop as this would only end badly. I unclipped her bra, let it fall off her shoulders and grab a handful of her soft, natural breasts. I reckon B+ as I caress her nipples which start to sit up. Again I stop and move her away to slip her g down caressing her butt cheeks as I do. I then do the gentlemanly thing by picking up her clothing items and putting them neatly on a chair.

I come back to the table and lie down on my stomach. Jenny then commences a good systematic massage starting with my shoulders and moving down to my back and buttocks. She then starts the tickle of perineum, buttocks and reaching under to get to the boys and rod.

I call a halt to this and then ask her to get on to the table. She lies face down, I do my thing. I finish up by parting her legs and use my finger tips to caress her inner thighs and pussy lips. Jenny starts to squirm, moving her lower torso around. 

I then ask her to turn over and go behind her head and start my frontal massage. I caress her breasts, concentrating on her nipples, which harden. I move to her side and then give her pussy lips some light finger play. I then open her legs, and begin some DATY. I note that she is shaved but with some light stubble. After a couple of minutes Jenny then begins to shudder and tighten her thighs around my head. She forces her puss into my face while pushing down on the back of my head. Whoa...job done. I then move my head away from her puss and go to caress her clit with my finger. Jenny brushed my hand away saying very sensitive.

She then climbs off the table and stumbles off balance. I grab her, she says sorry. All good. I get on to the table and she begins her stuff. Some light oil and she is away. I turn her to get a good angle and start to play with her puss, which is quite wet. I lightly finger her as she tugs and ...bang.....splat...juice all over her hands. She drains every drop. 

Jenny then moves away and cleans herself. She then gives me tissues and I wipe myself clean. All done. I then ask if she can give me a head and face massage to finish. She obliges and I'm all good.


I dress and give her a kiss and leave. Time in heaven...38 minutes.....WIR.....yes


