Thread Title: 1136 Whitehorse rd Box Hill - 0406 071 666
Floor: #1
Post Time: 10th July 2015, 02:20 PM
Poster ID: casual_guy_03
Post Title: 
 1136 Whitehorse rd Box Hill - 0406 071 666
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Cherie

Establishment : 1136 Whitehorse rd - box hill, private apartment 

Date of Visit : 10/07/2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0406 071 666 web: http://vic.locanto.com.au/ID_3049820...es-MEL-21.html

Hours of Business : 11a, - 9pm approx

Rates : $50/30mins $65/45 mins $80/1hr

Age : 35ish

Size/shape : Slim 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : massage and RnT

Value for money/recommend? : yes

My experience/comments : 

(admins, I've put this here as there are other girls that work there too, it's not a sole lady)

My free time to punt around is fast drawing to a close as I won't be home alone anymore so I was flicking through Locanto when i came across their ad. A quick couple of messages and i was given the apartment number (you'll need to ask it when you book as i won't put it here) and off i went.

Met by Cherie who took me into one of the bedrooms which had both been set up as massage rooms. It's a fairly new apartment block and the place is clean and nice. straight up she gave me the massage rates and said happy ending was $30 extra. i took a 30min massage and the H.E. and she came back with the change.

Onto the table i hop and she proceeds to give me what has probably been one of the best massages I've had. really firm where I needed it and softer in other places... once she had massaged me down she began lightly running her fingers over me and started focussing on my arse and then teasing my ball sack.. as i lifted my arse up she slowly and gently played with my hardening rod.. she knew how to massage cock well. so over i flip and again the light fingers work their magic, she was in no rush to make me cum either.. her other hand is rubbing my balls and close to my arse.. in the end she put the finger in and wanked me as i blew a massive load. 

Cherie cleaned me up and I was on my way.

She told me they have been there for a couple of months now, I'd certainly recommend them as the massage was excellent and the happy ending was really happy!


Floor: #2
Post Time: 7th May 2016, 06:20 PM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: 
 Private apartment box hill -yoyo
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Yoyo


Establishment : Private apartment  Box hill.



Date of Visit : 7/5/2016



Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0406071666    address given after texts.



Hours of Business : 11am till 9pm



Rates : 120$ fs



Age : 25



Size/shape : size 8-10 podgy b-cups



Nationality or Ethnicity : PRC



Services Provided : BJ massage and fs



Value for money/recommend? : Pretty good value



My experience/comments : This is the sister apartment to there hawthorn establishment.  Was told yoyo who I saw at hawthorn worked here Friday and sat.  Buzzed up around 4pm, only 2 stories high.  Met by a good looking girl, oh its yoyo I thought.   She didn't really recognise me from the last months visit down the road.  Asked me some questions about how I found this shop, I passed the test, god I was inside her a month ago.

She wore the same grey dress, her breasts look big until the bra comes off and they then look wide with small nipples.  Yoyo has a podgy figure, but her body is so firm and I like her build. Her smile and cute teeth are a turn on for me. As I showered she took a few calls, and I heard the doorbell ring.  She soon came back in, and rubbed some oil onto my back and legs.  She turns me on when she does the mmmmm's, and im not even touching her.

Off with her dress, boring bonds undies.  A still hairy puddy too.  I try to kiss her on the lips which look so lovely, and she politely pulls away. I soon place her onto the table, and she asks if I want some suck.  Last time that service was missing, so I jumped at it.  She leant over my body, and found it hard to suck properly.  At one stage she was pulling and sucking, and it improved a bit here.

Last time lube was applied from a wrapper, today its in a bottle.  Missionary with me staring into her cute face, her again asking if im feeling ok.  I did not pursue missionary for long, I wanted to blow inside her with lie down doggy.  She was ok with this position, and it felt great too, due to her lovely firm body, I could really feel her muscles inside.  I only lasted a minute with her usual moaning, and telling me to "cmon baby".  Yoyo has some nice turn on lines, and it gets me going.    She had no idea I had come, telling me to c'mon when I had stopped the pumping.

During the session I kissed her bellybutton and then asked her if she now remembers me.  She laughed apologised to me for having poor English. She is studying the language while doing this work too.  As yoyo has received some less than exciting reviews, she has been ok for me, but i'll move on from her too. Really just wanted to try there sister shop here, and I was happy to give yoyo another go.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 10th September 2016, 08:48 AM
Poster ID: sucxxx
Post Title: 
 Lily - Box Hill - 0406 071 666
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lily

Establishment :  Apartment

Date of Visit : Mid Aug

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 302/1136 whitehorse rd box hill Ph 0406 071 666

Hours of Business : ~9PM - may available past 9 with reduced staff

Rates : $50/30m - extras are vary per service and ML

Age : mid 20 I think

Size/shape : chubby

Nationality or Ethnicity : PRC

Services Provided : Massage + Nude HJ

Value for money/recommend? : No

My experience/comments :
Made a booking via SMS and realised given address is just apartment, which assures 100% RnT.
Only one girl Lily available at that time, she went straightforward about services she offers. $50 HJ, $70 Nude HJ and $120 FS on top of $50 massage charge.
FS was seems too excessive and she was bit too chubby for me so opted-in for Nude HJ and OMG, I can see flow of belly as she getting naked.
I realised this was a mistake but proceeded anyway, massage was crap but tug was OK. She was also OK with some pussy play but seems like never wash there, remarkably smelly. 
Overall, wasn't a good experience. Maybe the other MLs aren't that bad.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 16th March 2017, 10:03 AM
Poster ID: casual_guy_03
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
just an update, looks like this place has closed down now.. mobile is disconnected when i tried.


