Thread Title: 1214 Toorak Rd, Camberwell - 0410 999 007
Floor: #1
Post Time: 8th June 2014, 08:07 AM
Poster ID: johnny101
Post Title: 
 1214 Toorak Rd, Camberwell - 0410 999 007
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Karrie

Establishment : 1214 Toorak Rd Camberwell

Date of Visit : Saturday 7th June 2014 5pm

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 1214 Toorak Rd Camberwell; 0410 999 007

Hours of Business : 10:30 am-7:30 pm 7 days

Rates : Straight massage: $50; HJ: extra $40; naked: extra $40 again

Age : 25

Size/shape : tall (5' 8") slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Taiwanese

Services Provided : Straight massage; HJ

Value for money/recommend? : 50/50

My experience/comments : 

This is a typical shopfront massage place advertising "massage" with a flashing "open" sign in the window.  It is in a small rundown retail strip that has seen better days.  I rang beforehand to make sure that I could get more than just a massage.  "We don't talk about that on the phone", I was told which mademe think other services were on offer.

I arrived at about 5 pm. A tall, lean beautiful Asian lady with copper-coloured skin, hair tied back in a pony-tail and wearing faded jeans, a V-neck T-shirt and 2" high boots was sitting behind a small reception desk. I thought to myself I would settle for the receptionist if the other players were not up to scratch.

"You want massage?" she asked.

"Yes please."

"$50"

"Ok", I answered handing over a 50.

I was ushered into a small room opposite the reception desk and told to wait.  The room was about 3m by 2m and contained a massage table, a chair in one corner and a rock-box in another churning out Chinese relax music.  The room was pretty dark except for a 5-petalled flower light on the wall that emitted a red-orange hazy glow. 

After about 5 minutes of waiting there was a knock on the door and the lady on the reception desk entered.  "Hello, I am Karrie" she announced. "Please undress."

I asked if services other than massage were on offer. 

""Blow job?" 

"No, Hand relief only... $50."

"$50!" I exclaimed.  "I have already paid $50."

"That is the price", she said.

"How about $30" I asked.

"No, $40".

"OK" I answered, thinking I'm only staying here because she is stunningly beautiful.

"If you want me to take off, another $40".

I thought I wasn't going to pay $130 for a hand job.  "You keep your clothes on, I will imagine what you look like underneath" I said with a laugh.  She laughed too as I handed over two 20s.

I undressed and jumped on the massage bench.  Karrie was quite the personality and very chatty as she drove her elbow into my back.  She was living in the city and had been in Melbourne for about a year.  She had recently broken up with her boyfriend of 7 years, who lived in Taiwan.

"He blames me"  she said "because I live in Melbourne and he lives over there".

I figured the boyfriend was the loser because Karrie was one of those stunningly beautiful rare girls who you wouldn't kick out of bed if she farted.

Karrie had been a dental nurse in Taiwan.  She hated it because she said she hated being bossed around by dentists who she said were all grumpy. All patients were grumpy too she said. I figured that if your job only involved looking at people's bad teeth you would end up pretty grumpy.  If you had sore teeth you would also be grumpy.  I didn't ask the obvious question "Why then did you become a dental nurse?"

After about 10 minutes of a reasonably good massage she asked me to roll over.  "Just here?" she asked, motioning over my middle regions.  "That would be good," I replied sensing Karrie knew what was expected of her.

She started on the stomach and upper thighs.  Firm at first and then phasing down to a softer touch.  After a couple of minutes she used both hands to caress my now very attentive cock.  For the next 15 minutes Karrie used a variety of techniques - slow and fast ups and downs, fingers, palms, one hand, both hands. She leaned over my cock and never took her eyes off it.

She glanced at the clock on the wall.  I figured my 30 minutes was up.  Karrie didn't say a word, and kept the caressing going without a rush. That was impressive. She is making sure the service is good rather than being a slave to the clock.  Another 5 minutes and I exploded. She made sure the tank was completely empty before she stopped and finally took her gaze off my cock and looked at me with a smile and asked "Ok?".

"Fantastic" I replied.

Karrie asked if it was ok if I stayed there and she got a wet towel to clean me up.  "Fine," I answered.

A short time later she came back with a warm wet towel. She gently and slowly wiped me down.  The wipe down was as good as the HJ.  

I dressed while she left the room and returned to the reception desk.

I left the room and as I walked out the front door she said confidently "See you next time".


Floor: #2
Post Time: 8th June 2014, 09:35 AM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Not at that price but great review


Floor: #3
Post Time: 8th June 2014, 09:38 PM
Poster ID: BourbonBoy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks for a really good review Johnny.

What is it with $50 + $40 + $40. I can go to a brothel for that money and less. The brothel's rooms are usually bigger than 3x2m and have a bed and shower. You are also a certainty of getting a root.

Being a long time RnT man the fun is the punt and seeing what you can get beyond the massage. I too often think with my dick but these prices are becoming outrageous. 

What is happening in the industry?


Floor: #4
Post Time: 8th June 2014, 11:04 PM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Its interesting times isnt it.  Finding a few shops closing yet the ones open are charging through the roof for extras.  These new rnt shops seem to have no idea we have real brothel options


Floor: #5
Post Time: 9th June 2014, 03:19 PM
Poster ID: Toomuchtime
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
You paid $90 for a tug from a girl who kept her clothes on?
I got a nude tug with sex thrown in and a full 30 minutes at a massage shop in Sydney a few weeks ago for $70.It's time blokes down here rebelled against this robbery and walked out on these pirates.
Vote with your feet.The more you pay the more they will ask.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 13th July 2014, 04:42 PM
Poster ID: McCauley
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
poped in here to see if karrie was working and was told she is away till August, the other 2 girls that were working did not interest me at all, the girl that came to talk to me at reception was s strange one she didn't say hello or anything, asked how long id like while holding her hand out in anticipation of me handing over money!? i pretty much ignored that in just asking if Karrie was working and got the info about her being away. So u want massage? she asked, i said no thanks and walked away 

she still had her hand out as if i was going to throw her a tip for giving me the info? def wont be going back for anyone other than seeing Karrie. Till August......


Floor: #7
Post Time: 27th May 2015, 10:57 AM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
A Locanto ad for this business,





			
				I am Masaya giving you the best full body oil massage - 23

Feel bored? Feel tired? Feel hot? come to see me! I can offer Japanese full body oil relaxation and deep tissue oil massage. I am pretty, friendly and professional.

address: 1214 toorak rd camberwell

please ring 0410 999 007


