Thread Title: 1443 Malvern Road, Glen Iris - 9882 2286
Floor: #1
Post Time: 3rd December 2014, 10:22 AM
Poster ID: poundedhat
Post Title: 
 1443 Malvern Road, Glen Iris - 9882 2286
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Coco

Establishment : 1443 Malvern Road, Glen Iris

Date of Visit : 16th November 2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 1443 Malvern Road, Glen Iris – 9882-2286


Hours of Business : 10am to 8:00pm,

Rates : $50.00 + $30 (Half Hour)

Age : Mid 40's at a guess

Size/shape : Short, nice body great tits

Nationality or Ethnicity :  Chinese

Services Provided : Good Massage , HJ good

Value for money/recommend? : Walked in without an appointment on a Sunday afternoon, place was full with main customers being tradies on their way home in their High Viz gear. Waited 5 minutes and then Coco came and escorted me to the room from reception. She is an older lady in tight jeans, low necked T shirt with quite a nice set of boobs.

Asked to undress, in nice size room that is clean and tidy. Coco re joins me and starts with a soft massage and a tweak between the legs grabbing the boys, no mistaking there is action in this place. The massage progresses which is not supper hard but hard enough to get the knots out of your back and legs. Intermittently Coco lets her hand run down your arse to the boys and an occasional rub on the old fella. 
I run my hands down her legs and up into her thighs to which she says cheeky boy. Anyway while I am laying on my front she whispers in my ear Extra? You tip? I say of course, $30, or $50 nude, she says no nude this time.
The turn comes extra oil is placed in a right places and off we go with pressure being applied all around the boys and arse while she is slowly rubbing, holding off to prolong the sensation and then off we go again. It is nice to see someone in action who knows what to do and give you pure pleasure. She allowed touching outside the cloths, I did get my fingers insider her bra, which she did not seem to mind.
Once we are all finished she goes out and get a hot towel. In the clean-up process she says next time she will give more (a very special massage), but she is going back to China for a holiday in a couple of days and asks for my mobile number. She says she will text me when she returns to arrange an appointment….let's see what happens.
The other girl that was working had very loose top and dress on, and looked very presentable. 
Will definitely give this place another try…!


Floor: #2
Post Time: 27th December 2014, 09:05 AM
Poster ID: Wollee
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Yoyo

Establishment : 1443 Malvern Road Glen Iris

Date of Visit : 19th December 2014

Contact Details/Address: 1443 Malvern Road Glen Iris Tel 9822 2286

Hours of Business : 10am-8pm

Rates : $50 for 30 mins Plus Extras (see below)

Age : Mid 20's

Size/shape : Size 14, mildly chubby

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Massage and Tug

Value for money/recommend? : No

My experience/comments :

Driving thru the area and remembered something about Malvern Rd. Checked my facts and checked my wallet. Entered, approached the empty reception area and rang the bell. Out from behind the punter privacy screen which was behind me, comes a girl wearing a black top and black leggings and she screamed hello. Scared the living shit out of me. Gave me the standard fare of $50 for 30 mins to which I handed over the coin. Shown to the room and told to undress.

She returned and I asked her name-Yoyo she replied, to which I did the yoyo sign with my hand. she laughed. Took the medium option for the massage. She started on my back and as she leant over, her breasts made contact with the back of my head. A good sign. As she moved down to the side of the table, I attempted to rub the inside of her thigh. She stopped and said "no touching" OK, I know where I stand. She continued with the massage and started to tease the sac with her fingernails. (I am getting mixed signals here). Anyway getting aroused and she says turn over.

She notices my excitement and offers a handy for $30. Ok I said and she starts. So I help myself to a feel of her breasts and she stops again and says $40 for touching indicating 'over clothes'. I ask what else is available. $50 for touching under clothes, $80 for topless and $100 for nude. With her body shape and attitude, I took the original $30 option. 

She went back to the tug, but it was obvious she was not happy. She completed her task and Wol gave up his juice. With her strength it is surprising that he is still attached to my body. She cleaned me up and left the room. As I walked out, I grabbed a business card for review details.

WIR. No. Her greed and attitude did not enthuse me. 

They also offer Lomi Lomi with 4 hands 40 min $110, 60 mins $140 (details from the card)


Floor: #3
Post Time: 21st January 2016, 03:25 PM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Was sitting at the lights today, and saw this shop. Its called Smart choice massage.  I dropped in and was met by a mamasan, and a cute looking girl with brown coloured thick shorts and a black tank top that showed off her c-cups. As I looked into her eyes, she appeared to have gotten a bit older.  They told me I could pay via card or cash.  My vibe about receiving extras was not good, so I left, grabbed a card, and im now seeing the shop is not a new one


