Floor: #1
Post Time: 6th March 2015, 12:51 PM
Poster ID: huggy20
Post Title: 
 4/1527 Burwood Hwy, Tecoma - 0468 993 431
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : coco

Establishment : unknown

Date of Visit : 5-3-15

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 1527 burwood hwy tecoma..0468993431

Hours of Business : 10-800pm

Rates : $40 for 45min

Age : 30

Size/shape : 10

Nationality or Ethnicity : asian

Services Provided : massage hj

Value for money/recommend? : ok

My experience/comments :i was looking for a new place in eastern area and had seen this advertised on locanto with the usual fake photos..just wish they were real.its right next to maccas and i waited out the front for 20 mins while some ladies in there measuring for carpet i think,while im waiting pretty girl rocks up and just stands there staring at me with a knowing grin. anyway i go in and ask her about massage but have to go to atm first and when i come back the other older  lady shows me in ,i tell her i want other girl she says yeah yeah get ready. but then older lady comes in ,shes about 50 i guess and tries to start massage so i get up and say no other girl she says yeah yeah again. so i start to get dressed and want money back ,she understood that and takes me to room next door and coco comes in give a soft massage which i ask for and every time she touches me between legs she does this clicking sound with her tongue which is a bit off putting .. ,she is doing a lot of clicking by now ,time for flip and  she wants 50 for hj but i get her around to 50 topless  not bad tug bit dear but i cant argue much when i'm in that position.nice clean shop with big rooms but bit far for some.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 6th March 2015, 10:57 PM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
i though massage in sunbury was the limit but tecoma that's incredible, what will the locals think lol. god they protested about a 24/7 mcdonalds.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 24th May 2015, 08:09 AM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
One of the many (often for Belgrave) Locanto ads for this business, http://melbourne.locanto.com.au/ID_3...d-massage.html





			
				get a good massage

Professional skill and nice environment.
Clean and private place. Relax your body and spirit.
30mins$50. 45mins$60. 60mins$70.

Parking available.

4/1527 burwood highway Tecoma

0468993431


Floor: #4
Post Time: 19th April 2016, 09:11 AM
Poster ID: Lethal
Post Title: 
 Massage Tecoma
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name :   Wendy

Establishment :   4/1527 Burwood H'way, Tecoma.

Date of Visit :   15/04/2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :   As above. Ph. 0468993431

Hours of Business :   10am-8pm

Rates :   $60 for 45 minutes

Age :   40

Size/shape :   8 with B cups

Nationality or Ethnicity :   Chinese

Services Provided :   Decent massage, with tug.

Value for money/recommend? :   Yes/No

My experience:

After a frustrating meeting in Hawthorn, I decided some fresh mountain air was in order so drove out the Burwood H'way and stopped at Tecoma for a coffee. Spied a massage sign and entered a rather spacious reception area, with a 20 something lovely in attendance, and ordered 45 minutes @ $60, was shown to the first room while the young lady went off to ready herself...or so I thought.

Very clean, spacious room with a sink, large massage table, closet with fresh towels and fresh flowers...very nice indeed. Being face down, I heard the door open and the lock being snibbed with a hand trailing from my neck, over my arse crack to my feet. A voice whispered, ' I give you good time honey ' !! I looked up to gaze on her as I heard clothing being removed and to my shock the girls had switched...the lovely being replaced by a 40 something, slightly buck toothed lady who was in the process of removing a two layered frilly summer dress. I enquired politely what had happened to the other masseus, but she just continued to undress. 

Now to be honest her body did not match her aged face, being firm and quite fetching with B cups and the long nipples that harden up when tweeked, well manicured bush and no flab around her tummy...I have had worse and she seemed a nice person and very willing to please, as we hadn't even discussed extras as yet. Massage was good and I felt very relaxed when she asked if I wanted my arse massaged which she did delightfully before asking me to flip and smiling broadly as she realised her sensuous touch had produced the desired effect. Grabbing hold of my cock she asked if $50 was ok, I agreed and Wendy climbed on the table and shoved a boob into my gob and placed my hand on her fanny thrusting against my hand...she was really getting off and said please put fingers inside...she was dripping wet and came soon after. While recovering she wrapped both hands around my cock, but after a minute asked why I hadn't come yet...fuck me, deja vue from a week earlier, so instead of fucking around I finished myself off as Wendy played with my balls and licked my nipples. While she cleaned me up I jokingly said she should pay me for the extras as I had done all the work, she laughed. After a nice clean up and a little head massage I said good bye to Wendy.

All up not bad, but getting a bit pissed off with lazy ML's of late. Maybe I need a break. Total cost: $110


Floor: #5
Post Time: 5th March 2017, 11:19 PM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I drove past this shop tonight in a work capacity around 10.30pm. I could not see the actual shop, but i did see the massive red and white massage sign on Burwood hwy. I had a vision of a young asian girl standing over the massage table with her knee up, being licked out saying" oh yeah". I had a giggle thinking about the need for a massage shop up here, , but the massage industry decree's a massage shop is needed in every suburb, so as to satisfy the pleasure that every man is entitled too.  Even Tecomamites are entitled to not have to travel too far to get there rocks off i thought.


