Thread Title: Acclaim Massage - 480 Dorset Rd. Croydon Sth. Ph 0467 785 544
Floor: #1
Post Time: 2nd June 2017, 04:19 PM
Poster ID: Frontloader
Post Title: 
 Acclaim Massage - 480 Dorset Rd. Croydon Sth. Ph 0467 785 544
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : eiwa

Establishment : Acclaim Massage

Date of Visit : May 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 480 Dorset Rd., Croydon Sth. VICTORIA tel:0467 785 544
http://melbourne.locanto.com.au/ID_1...E-CROYDON.html

Hours of Business : 10am - 8pm

Rates : $70 per hr

Age : mid 30's

Size/shape : fine size 8, A cups, small amount pubes but shaved undercarriage, nice curve to hips, face about 6/10. Hair up in a bun.

Nationality or Ethnicity : chinese

Services Provided : Nude HJ

Value for money/recommend? : was ok

My experience/comments : 
Rocked into this place and was met by a shortish (5'2") slender chinese girl. Was pleasant to talk with and ok to look out without being a knock out. Asked for 1 hour /$70. She left the room and I got into my masssage kit. She returned in a short white dress. Ok, looks like reasonable access here. She asked hard or soft, I smiled and said hard here, pointing to my shoulders, and she added "soft here?" Touching my bum. Thumbs up for this girl!
Eiwa commenced a rudimentary massage which was ok but not great, I was thinking she must have other skills. Continued for 20 minutes then started on my legs. No incidental touches until I felt for some leg and bum for myself. She giggled. Eiwa was wearing some nice brief satin type panties and she gave me some restricted access to her pus. She wiped the oil off my back and shakes some power out and begins a sensual crack and sack rub, as I remove her panties with one hand whilst lying face down  always a challenge. Some pussy rubbing ensues and I then initiate the flip with 25 minutes to go. Request nude. No problem and off it all comes. Although in her mid 30's she sports a girlish body with A cups, no areola to speak of but nice erect nipples. Unfortunately no kissing but sucking on her boobs is ok and no fingers inside. I asked Eiwa up for a dick slide and she complies and commences a nice unrushed HJ until I explode. She catches it all in her other hand, dismounts and washes her hands in the adjacent sink. She cleans me up, and herself, dresses, as do I and I ask how much for tip. $50. 
Nb. No shower in this shop. 
All in all it was ok.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 5th June 2017, 03:20 PM
Poster ID: Frontloader
Post Title: 
 Acclaim massage
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Nana

Establishment : Acclaim Massage

Date of Visit : May 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 480 Dorset Rd., Croydon Sth. VICTORIA tel:0467 785 544
http://melbourne.locanto.com.au/ID_1...E-CROYDON.html

Hours of Business : 10am - 8pm

Rates : $70 per hr

Age : mid 20,

Size/shape : Size 10 with a little bit of curvy hips. B cups but suspect they were padded under a baggy T- shirt, face about 7/10. Black hair, loose to shoulder length

Nationality or Ethnicity : chinese

Services Provided : Clothes HJ for $30.

Value for money/recommend? : was ok just for HJ and sensual rouching to rear. 

My experience/comments : backed up again to this place, different day. Met Nana at reception. An ok looking chinese ML in her 20's. was wearing loose t-shirt over black skin tight jeans. Shown to room 1 which was small but well fitted out with sink, bench and mood lighting and music. Massage table was sturdy and was covered in "clean" looking towels and a cum resistant disposable sheet. Left to get changed and onto the table to await Nana's return. Nana has used her time wisely and reappeared in tight jean shorts. A bit of chit chat and I was off into dream land whist she massaged my neck and back. Unlike some ML's who tend to drag their time with the massage she had completed my back in under 20 min and then commenced a rather sensual butt and leg massage for the next 15 with occassional feather glides past the nads. Nana uses long sensual strokes most of the time and being rather tall easily reached her hands down to my butt when standing at the head of the table. When at the side of the table and was massaging my butt I took the opportunity to reciprocate but she took off like a cat on a hot tin roof. Alarm bells.

With 25  min on the shot clock she got me to flip and asked if I wanted extra massage. Too righty I did. Held three fingers up for $30, said with touching was $50. I asked for nude and she said no but would do top off, how much you pay. I requested $60 which she declined as I declined her upscaled offerings and took just the HJ. Nana had a pretty good body hidden beneath the loose t-shirt and I suspect just a tad of puppy fat, but who am I to complain about that, and I reckon some B cups but likely A cups hidden in a padded bra. I was never to find out. Nana was pretty good at the oiled handy and used both hands to good effect and got me over the line easily. She cleaned me up, produced another cloth for my back and continued the massage to round out the time. Bottled water was offered and accepted
WIR? Yes, but to see others.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 28th September 2017, 12:08 AM
Poster ID: Drizzt
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Angela

Establishment : Massage Parlour

Date of Visit : September 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0467785544

Hours of Business : 10.00 - 20.00

Rates : $60 for 45min

Age : 20s

Size/shape : Slim almost too slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : PRC

Services Provided : Massage + nude tug

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : After TOFTT at JR Siri on the other side of town I decided I still needed a release and if it come with a massage then all the better.  I finished work in the area and noticed the flashing sign so turned around and dropped in.  I got in fairly late at 7.20 so thought I'd try my luck at a 45 minute booking otherwise would have accepted a half hour.  I was met by Angela dressed in a short black number with knee high boots. who led me to a clean room with clean sheets and even a built in hand basin in one corner.  I hand her 2 pineapples and she leaves to get me change with instructions to undress and hop on the table.  She returns shortly after leaving my change on top of my clothes and even offering me a mint before commencing an enjoyable medium pressure massage with plenty of slides through the crack and rubbing of the little fella.  She did lay paper towel or sheeting over my torso in order to drape a quilt or doona over me as she thought I might have been cold while she worked on my legs and feet.  Before the flip, she wipes me down with the paper towel or sheeting.  When I turn over only half aroused, she pops the question if I would like anything else.  I replying to see what might be available and she replies a tug or nude tug with touching.  I opt for the nude tug which she holds up 5 fingers and I nod ascent.  She strips down to reveal a toned figure wearing matching black lacy bra and G which also gets removed.  She doesn't mind touching all over but didn't want FIV so I respected her boundaries.  What commenced was a mixture of half body side, her sucking my my nipples and I on hers while my hands explored her body.  She sits on my stomach in reverse CG to proceed with a slow tug and when sensing I was getting close moved down so she was rubbing me against her pussy and bush which cause me to explode all over her hands, stomach and thighs and running down over her.  I clean up with tissues and wet wipes and she covers me with a towel while she gives me a head massage to conclude the session.  When I left it was 8.15 so I went over 10 minutes and it shows she wasn't a clock watcher.  

WIR, yes, she's easy on the eye, friendly with a toned bod.  Angela only works Wednesdays.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 28th September 2017, 08:46 AM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
There is an Acclaimed massage 283A Burwood Hwy, Burwood East VIC 3151, i wonder if these shops are related?


