Thread Title: Anocha Thai Massage - 30 Main St, Croydon - VIC - 03 9724 9224
Floor: #1
Post Time: 24th March 2012, 12:29 AM
Poster ID: Pacificbrown
Post Title: 
 Anocha Thai Massage - 30 Main St, Croydon - VIC - 03 9724 9224
				
Post Content: 
New add in Gumtree. Rang ahead and spoke to girl who had a very cute young voice was very friendly and giggly when I asked about whether they had young girls working.She told me three girls on and to come and have a look.
Turned up and a real cute young Thai on reception. Had tight jeans on showcasing a tight gem of a butt.
My masseus appeared about 35yo, thin but not friendly think she said her name was Cup, she said comments to reception in I guess Thai and they both cackled. Ah nice way to make me feel like a dickhead straight up. Anyway into the room and she puts a sheet over me on the table so not looking good and I notice she's left the door half open. In all adequate massage,  didn't even come close to the upper legs. So obviously nothing on offer for me today. No tissues in room. $65 per hour 7 days 10- 8pm


Floor: #2
Post Time: 10th October 2013, 01:29 PM
Poster ID: arranger62
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Had a massage with Candy. Nice young girl. Don't like the fact the room is partioned off with a curtain not fully closed. Experience as above but with some strokes into the crack region. It is still only a legit massage


Floor: #3
Post Time: 26th November 2016, 09:28 PM
Poster ID: Like
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lucy

Establishment : Anocha Thai Massage

Date of Visit : 20 Nov 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Main St, Croydon, around near the railway station - 03 9724 9224 https://anocha.com.au/

Hours of Business : 10am to about 7pm (but don't count on it if you are late)

Rates : $70 for 1h plus $120 for extras

Age : late 20's

Size/shape : medium

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : reasonable massage, tickle but not enough, pussy lip slides, LFK, humping

Value for money/recommend? : Sort of, it's a bit strange

My experience/comments : I used to go to Anocha fairly often and there was a great Thai ML there called Emma. She was great. Even though a regular every time was great massage and fun. Emma moved to a message place at Mitchum (place of my Vacuum Lady post) but then lost track of her. Anyhow, was driving past so called and dropped in. Last time I was there I saw Juicy Lucy (another post which I only PM'd the location as it was weird). Sure enough, it was Lucy again. She didn't recognise me and I didn't say. I wondered if last time was a rare event and how it would do this time. Nice massage, not great, but ok. Some very slight tickles. Does this weird pause thing, like just lightly holding your nuts. I'm thinking, just grab those things and then slide in deeper and grab the pole. Alas, no. That was here the vacuum lady excelled. Anyhow, flip arrives, blah blah, what do you want. I want it all. Don't do there here. How much will you pay? $100. Lucy just lies on me for a few minutes, like in deep thought, a moral dilemma. Then says $120. What a show. Same as 6 months ago but gone up $20. Ok. Lucy has a decent body and a nice little pussy and ok looking but not great, so dim lights help. Pulls her tights and panties down and gets me to swing side on to the table and stands next to the table and puts my pole between her legs and slides up and down. She clearly enjoys this stuff. I get her to lie on the table and go in for a bit of DATY. Get the full pussy aroma (not the ultra clean WL sanitised aroma) and tasty. Lucy can't really cope with DATY and she wants me to lie on her with pole on top of stomach, and she has an orgasm like that. I almost went just watching her. I slid down to do a bit more pussy lip sliding with the pole. Nice. Then swap positions and say go for it as I play with her pussy, but no FIV. I think she is saving herself and I admire her discipline. She is clearly looking forward to her future husband giving her a pounding. I've seen Lucy twice, first time when she had just started at the shop and now six months later. Both times the same. While YMMV, if you are interested in a different sort of outing...


