Thread Title: Asian Butterfly - 283 Burwood Hwy, East Burwood - 03 9803 5527
Floor: #1
Post Time: 29th October 2013, 03:40 PM
Poster ID: Wollee
Post Title: 
 Asian Butterfly - 283 Burwood Hwy, East Burwood - 03 9803 5527
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Julia


Establishment : Asian Butterfly



Date of Visit : 29 October 2013



Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 283 Burwood Hwy East Burwood Vic 9803 5527



Hours of Business : 10-7



Rates : 1/2 Hr $40 1 Hr $55  Plus


Age : Mid 20's



Size/shape : Med Build



Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese



Services Provided : HJ as Extra



Value for money/recommend? : No



My experience/comments : Returned to the scene of the crime and donated the $40 to the smiling receptionist. Was shown to a cubicle and stripped off knowing what was going to happen next. In comes the unattractive student and I asked her name Julia I was told. Started the massage and I asked if she could do hard massage. She pushed into my back but I could sense that this was a bit too much work. Moved to my legs and I felt the occasional swipe up my crack. This is promising. Then the turn over. Brushed my nipples and moved down my chest towards the little fella who was growing in anticipation. You want was the question. Yes How much $50. Here we go again. I offered $20 and she agreed 'but only this time'. Wouldn't allow touching even through clothes. HJ was poor - only touching the knob but I did get over the line. Again-over in 25 mins. Would I return NO- Have taken one for the team-Not again.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 3rd January 2014, 10:03 AM
Poster ID: Koloman
Post Title: 
 Acclaimed Massage - 283A Burwood Hwy, Burwood East - 03 9803 5527
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Eva

Establishment : Acclaimed Massage

Date of Visit : Late December 2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 283A Burwood Highway, Burwood East, Vic, 98035527

Hours of Business : 10am till late

Rates : $40 for a half-hour massage, $40 for HJ

Age : approx. 25

Size/shape : Did not take clothes off, but had a nice bod under her flimsy dress

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Massage and HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Not sure, a weird experience, but has potential (maybe)

My experience/comments : This place is on a very busy road, but the cars are mostly flying by so you don't really get noticed. You can park directly in front of the shop if you like. Or you can park down the road a little in front of the restaurants and then walk back.

Walked in without appointment, asked for 30min massage, and shown to room asked to undress. Handed over a $50 note. Eva walked in after a few minutes and left the $10 change next to my head on the table without saying a word. She is quite attractive and I imagined a nice bod under her flimsy dress.

But she's a bit weird personality wise. Temperamental I would say. On reflection I am guessing she suspected me of being undercover and she didn't know how to act. Or it could simply be that she has a screw loose? She starts massage, and not a word is spoken for about 5 minutes. However, there are subtle brushing of the private parts an crack massaging. Good sign. 

Then the very first thing she says to me is "your feet are dirty". I don't know what to say to that. They can't be, I just had a shower. Anyway, the massage proceeds and I am asked to flip. After I turn over, she looks at my old fella exposed (and still limp) and says "oh, I am not used to this". What is she not used to? The dick still being limp? Anyway, she rushes out, then comes back with a big thick white towel and places it over my old fella folded four times over! She then proceeds to massage in the very same area, reaching under the towel. I am absolutely confused by this contradictory behaviour. 

She starts to become more talkative. "How often you have a massage?" "About once a month" I respond. She smirks. I ask her "how often do you recommend?". "I don't care how often you have a massage". Ohhhkaaaay.Through this distraction and weird conversation, I fail to get hard despite the teasing.

Then all of a sudden, she asks dead-pan if I want massage down there. I pause, I am still limp, do I or don't I, I am asking myself. She senses the hesitation, and says "I don't care if you do or don't". Then my impulse says "yes, go ahead". She says $50, I say $40 and she agrees. She flings off the towel and proceeds with a reasonably skilled HJ, whilst I touch her through her dress. After I come, she becomes all smiley and happy.

She cleans me up, stays in the room whilst I get dressed, waiting for her money. After I pay her, she gives me big warm smile, and says next time I should book and ask for "Eva". Wow, the other personality has come out! She only works Sundays.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 7th February 2014, 03:59 PM
Poster ID: Koloman
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Ivy

Establishment : Acclaimed Massage

Date of Visit : 7th Feb 2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 283A Burwood Highway, Burwood East, Vic, 98035527

Hours of Business : 10am till late

Rates : $40 for a half-hour massage, $30 for HJ

Age : 20s

Size/shape : Slightly stocky but nice rack (B/C cup) and firm body

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Massage and HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : 
Walked in without appointment, asked for 30min massage, greeted and shown to room by Ivy. Handed over the $40. Ivy left and came back.  She was wearing singlet and very short denim shorts. Nice. 

The massage was top notch after asking for medium strength. Sensual long strokes down my back whilst she stood at the top of the table with her breasts leaning on the back of my head as she reached down. Lovely strokes on the back and inside of my legs and arse. That got me going nicely and then she asked me to turn over. 

Started rubbing the nipples and then circular strokes on the tummy and then the thighs. Then popped the question for a HJ and agreed on $30. She gave me the "don't tell anybody routine" - but I replied I had been here before and know the drill. Ok she says with a smile.

The HJ technique was excellent and before long I was done. I didn't ask about nude. She stood down by my legs so couldn't reach for a feel which was disappointing. Good clean up and off I went.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 21st February 2014, 06:38 PM
Poster ID: dave109
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : unknown

Establishment : Acclaimed massage at burwood highway

Date of Visit : 19 Feb 

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 

Hours of Business : unsure

Rates : $90 for 45 mins incl relieve

Age : Early 30s 

Size/shape : slim tall girl 

Nationality or Ethnicity : chinese

Services Provided : Rnt 

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : 

I visited this place on the tuesday, booked for 1/2 massage, but HJ wasn't offered at end of it. Could be Ivy, she had the stocky build as described by Koloman. i wasn't satisfied with it. 

I went back the next night after long work out , booked for 45 mins massage. It was with the slim tall girl (Could be Eva). At start of massage, i asked if i required to take off me undies (i ddnt ask the night before, I learned my lesson). She said noo, you gotta keep it on. The massage started by her putting on a dry towel on me back, and start massaging. I was thinking, Man this could be a hell ride here. Later on, she took off the towel, applied oil and massaged me back. her massaging skills was great, just like i wanted. We chatted through out the massage, the reason why i said its Eva, because she was a bit temper at times, always tell me i already told you and etc. She managed to keep the conversation flowing throughout the massage lol. She then reached arnd my groin while massaging my leg and tickle my bum. Its on. 

I was asked to turn around and she massaged my front leg while placing towel on my front area. She is giving me mix signal. But again she started to reach around my groin area and pop the question, do you like a HJ. I nodded and we negotiated the price and proceeded. She talked dirty during the stroking, asking me about my fantasy and she mentioned me about her fantasy n etc. She gave me a light anal play whle stroking me. It was enjoyable, not so mechanical. I lasted longer with her than any other girl i visited. 

WIR? Yes, even just for the massage. She was very playful and a teaser. She was quite chatty, which i found annoying during the massage. Although, i'm assuming she wouldn't offered hj if she didnt get to know me. I loved the dirty talk while being stroked.

She wouldn't tell me her name either. I asked how am i supposed to book you next time. She said just come and see..


