Thread Title: Body therapy massage
Floor: #1
Post Time: 22nd February 2020, 12:09 PM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: 
 Body therapy massage
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Alice

Establishment : Body therapy massage

Date of Visit : Sat 22/2/2020

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 141 Boronia rd Boronia

Phone :0397623930

Hours of Business : 10am till 8pm

Rates : 50 for half plus 100 extra

Age : 27

Size/shape : Solid build est size 11-12 b-cups long black hair, hair on pussy

Nationality or Ethnicity : China

Services Provided : Massage and Bbbj

Value for money/recommend? : Good value and service.

My experience/comments : Just come home for doing some early morning indoor go-karting, this place is on the way back. Alice is a bit of a reg for a couple of years now, she works here on her own Mon Tues Thurs and Weekends.She used to work at various shops but now seems happy working alone here. She was sitting at reception as i entered at 10.30am, red lipstick on and a bit on her upper tooth too hehe, and took me into a room wearing what she usually wears, a short black mini skirt than shows off her lower ass cheeks, and a white t-shirt and black thongs. She tells me customers have told her the skirt is too short.She usually wears a g-string or normal undies.  She had admitted to me on wechat, that she is a bit slutty.We sometimes talk a bit on wechat.  Her oral has improved so much over the last 6 months i am happy to not even penetrate her nowadays.
I usually give Alice 100 and we have intercourse or bj or bbbj. Put a condom on the table so she thinks we will be having intercourse.  I had no undies on but she still uses the wet wipes and gives the penis a good going over.  We had a quick chat about Coronavirus(she has stopped wearing her mask up at Boc hill) before she lean't over and put my soft penis in her mouth. A couple of tongue twirls then a constant pace,suction and perfect deepness as i slowly grew harder. You can really feel her mouth and tongue working away and i could feel the build up as i moaned, and then she stopped and told me she should lock the door.  When she returned from locking the door, she continued as i rubbed her solid ass cheeks. I was 10 seconds away from blowing, when she stopped again and lean't over to adjust something near the foot of the table.  The view of her ass cheeks in that skirt was sensational.  I think she was ready for sex but i told her to keep going.  For a 3rd time i was  ready to blow and 2 seconds before climaxing into her mouth, i gave her enough evidence through convulsing and not being quiet, she released me from her mouth and jerked me over my guts. In the end i was pleased she released, the intensity was too much.  She has on the odd occasion told me not to CIM and i never have.  I was once a second from releasing into her mouth , and she stopped and asked me if i was ready for sex, but climaxed all over my guts.

When we have had intercourse, she moans lightly and is naturally wet.  But her bbbj just feels so good now.I told her how good her oral work is now and she was excited by this.  After the clean up she gave me a little massage to kill the rest of the time.  Alice can be a bit of a smart ass with a cheeky personality. One day i entered through the back door, and she hid and jumped me and laughed like a little child. Alice has a small mouth but big round eyes and her whole body has a solid hard feeling.

It took me a couple of session to get things more exciting that a nude hj, so if u see her be patient.  She is worth seeing and speaks great English.  It is an intimate feeling knowing it is just her and you.


