Floor: #1
Post Time: 18th May 2012, 09:32 PM
Poster ID: Pacificbrown
Post Title: 
 Bodycare Burwood - 1/22B Burwood Hwy, Burwood - 0421 400 974
				
Post Content: 
Bodycare Burwood, 1/ 22b Burwood Hwy Burwood

0421400974 Gumtree Add

Rang the number after seeing it in Gumtree ' Sensual Exotic Masseus'
Hello
can I book in?
Who is this? How did you get my number??
From the Gumtree add
oh, do you want to come?
( not sure after that) Yeah 
okay
Do you want address ?
It's in your add
What add?
(Fuck me) the same add as I mentioned before

Well got in and it's down the back of the shops, entrance between Chinese restaurant and pizza shop.
2 Indian ladies give me the once over. $55 /30mins.
Both ladies mid 30's okay looks ( very similar to Heyington noble park)
Ok massage. Turned over . Hard as a rock, she massaged everywhere else and when I asked she said I could DIY after she left the room. 

Frankly, a waste Of my time and money
.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 19th May 2012, 11:13 PM
Poster ID: rabbot
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
She is the Srilankan girl Nimi used to work in westall. She is very rude and arrogant always has argument with clients for money. She never gives full time to clients and always ask for extra money


Floor: #3
Post Time: 20th May 2012, 12:33 PM
Poster ID: Toomuchtime
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
If one of the girls is in her 20s and has a large tattoo on her shoulder and a facial piercing (and big tits) it is indeed the girl referred to by Rabbot above.She worked at Rosebank Ave and Centre Rd in Clayton and was moved on from both places for the reasons mentioned above and more.I had heard that she was now at a place on the Burwood Hwy so this must be it.To call her an absolute scumbag would be insulting to scumbags,she is pure human trash who is only after your money and should be avoided at all costs unless you want nothing but grief.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 22nd June 2012, 08:38 AM
Poster ID: itsme50
Post Title: 
 22b Burwood Rd Burwood 0429638963
				
Post Content: 
I have been to this place a couple of times now. If anyone has seen Reka in Cranbourne before (I think she has a review on here) this is a new place she has set up.

Reka is Indian and she has 2 other Indian girls working with her. I have seen Reka a few times before and she gives a great sensual massage with HJ. I have only seen one of the other 2 girls, name of which I have forgotten sorry and she gave a very average massage but has a great personality and gave a more than satisfactory HJ.

The 3rd one is the most attractive but I haven't been massaged by her yet.

The price is $70 for the hour and plus about $20. Good value I thought.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 22nd June 2012, 09:31 PM
Poster ID: Toomuchtime
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
If the third one has big tits,a facial piercing and a large tattoo,avoid her like the plague as she will rip you off blind.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 25th June 2012, 11:31 AM
Poster ID: Jaytee
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I saw a young girl here a few days back, forgot her name, 
19yo, Sri lankan background I think, very pretty, about 5'8 tall
Very nice bod, about a size 8, with full c cups! 
Massage was a bit light, but the tug and the groping of 
Her puppies (although under her top) was pretty enjoyable!!


Floor: #7
Post Time: 27th June 2012, 10:37 AM
Poster ID: Salsa
Post Title: 
 BodyCare Burwood - 1/22B Burwood Hwy, Burwood - 0421 400 974
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Reka

Establishment: BodyCare Burwood 

Date of Visit: June 2012

Contact Details/Address: 1/22B Burwood Hwy, Burwood :: 0421 400 974

Hours of Business: ?

Prices: $50 Half hour for massage, $50- for HJ (YMMV)

Age: early 30s??

Size/shape: CAverage

Nationality or Ethnicity: Indian / Sri Lankan (?)

Services: Massage, HJ (didn't ask about anything else

Value for money/recommend?: Good (For the same money I've had a lot worse).

Partly because I'm an inquisitive bastard (having read the reviews) and partly because I happened to be in the area, I dropped by this place fairly early one morning a couple of days ago.

Wandered in and was met by an Indian (Sri Lankan??) woman, probably early 30s, medium build, not a stunner but OK to look at. She was the only chick there. Some earlier reviews mentioned the name Reka so I assumed it was probably her. On asking it turns out it is her. She's puzzled 'cause I obviously haven't been there before so, smiling, I tell her a friend of mine recommended her massage. She laughs in a knowing sort of way 

 Prices were $50- half hour massage and $80- (I think) for the hour. Half hour it was. The place is a bit run-down and my first impression upon entering the room was that it smelt ... maybe the dampness. No matter, I'm not buying the place. Off with the clobber and onto the table. Are those towels clean? I don't think so. I quickly flip the top towel so I can lie on the side previously turned under; then it occurs to me that she probably already turned it after the last punter ... arrrggghhh.

Reka comes in and starts the massage. She's remains fully clothed but I didn't bother to inquire about nude. It's not anything like a professional massage (I'm not after that anyway) but OK in a slightly sensual way. No tickling of the tackle but she occasionally gets right in around my upper thighs. I try to engage her in some chit-chat but my charming and magnetic personality seems to fall a bit flat ... she remains pretty quiet. 

Comes the turnover and, after a short while I ask her if she would do a HJ. She smiles at me and then says, "NO!". WTF?? I've read the previous reviews so I know she does the job. Did I forget my deodorant or something? I very politely ask her again, kidding her along a bit and indicating I'm happy to part with a pineapple. Eventually, without saying anything, she picks up the oil bottle, lathers me up, and starts a slow, relaxed, very sensual and very effective HJ. She has done it before. I'm allowed to play with her rack from outside her clothes. I held on as long as I could, enjoying the feel of her skillful hands working my length but after about 5 minutes, spurted a load into her palms. I guess what I liked about the HJ was that there was no bullshit (no fake moans or groans that some of these chicks use to get you over the line quickly) and no clock watching. If I could have lasted for another 10 minutes I have the feeling she would have just rolled with it (or maybe I'm wrong).

WIR? Yes, if they ever get around to washing those towels.


Floor: #8
Post Time: 11th December 2012, 09:41 AM
Poster ID: huntr
Post Title: 
 Yvvone - Bodycare
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Yvonne

Establishment : Bodycare Burwood

Date of Visit : 5/12/2012

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 1/22B Burwood Hwy, Burwood

Hours of Business : 12-8pm

Rates : 30 mins/ $50

Age : 30s

Size/shape : 8...slim, b cups

Nationality or Ethnicity : 

Services Provided : R&T

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : Tried this place out via online adverts. Initialy went to the wrong set of shops as google maps didnt get the location right. The place was easy enough to find, and once throught the main door greeted by a pleasant Asian gal, who told me I the earliest available ML was 40 mins away. So off I went, and returned 41 mins later and was allocated Yvonne. Yvonne is a petite Sri Lankan lady with a nice smile and friendly personality. The massage was light to medium with just enough oil but not too much, and we chatted pleasantly as she did a pretty good job. Came round to the flip, and althoug there was a towel over my bits, eventually conversation turned to post massage. I dindicated she hadnt paid any attention to one area, and she suggested this would cost more as time ha run out (more or less) so for another brick/red lobster my unattended area was attended to . Overland exploration was tolerated by her but no skin met skin and forays down under were expertly avoided.
Yvonne is a nice pleasant gal, and worth it if you are looking for a light/medium massage - but that is about all.


Floor: #9
Post Time: 8th March 2013, 07:53 AM
Poster ID: Waylaid69
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by rabbot


She is the Srilankan girl Nimi used to work in westall. She is very rude and arrogant always has argument with clients for money. She never gives full time to clients and always ask for extra mone
"""



Is the girl you refer to called Sharni at this place? I saw her last week and was not impressed. Very average looks, crooked teeth and crap massage. When it was time to flip over, my dick was soft and remained that way. I didn't ask her for any extras and I think she was offended by that and gave me a really bad attitude.
I will never go back to this place!


