Thread Title: Devine Art of Massage - Nunawading 0414 138 340 & WeChat
Floor: #1
Post Time: 7th February 2017, 12:24 PM
Poster ID: poundedhat
Post Title: 
 Devine Art of Massage - Nunawading 0414 138 340 & WeChat
				
Post Content: 
Devine Art of Massage - Nunawading 


Person's Name : May 

Establishment : Divine Art of Massage

Date of Visit : 1st February 2017

Contact Details/Address/Web link: 99 Mount Pleasant Road, Nunawading – 0414 138 340 & WeChat

Hours of Business: Unknown

Rates: $65 / 60 min

Age : Mid 20s

Size/shape : Tall – good figure

Nationality or Ethnicity: Japanese

Services Provided: Massage + HJ & DATY

Value for money/recommend? : Yes 

My experience/comments:

Saw this place on WeChat, so decided to investigate, arrived about 12:45, rang the bell at the front. Note there is a sandwich bar about 2 doors down, so when I rang the bell, I notice I was being watched by those having lunch on the outside tables and chairs. Anyway was let in by a very large gentleman who asked what I wanted and took the money.
I was shown to a room and asked to take off my clothes and lie on the table, usual stuff. After a few minutes a tall well-proportioned girl comes in called May, who I latter find out is from Japan.
The massage progresses, not bad but not the best I have had, it was a little too light for my liking, as she did not get any of my knots out of my upper back, but all the same pleasant enough. While this was happening I am running my hands up and down young May's legs with no complaints. She seemed to move away when I got too close to the "Y".
On the turn, I ask if there are any extras, May said $100 for nude HJ with touching, I said $50 is the going rate in the area, we settle on $70, only because she has a great body. Off comes her gear and I was not unhappy, I start to play with the little man in the boat gently and feel she is getting extremely wet. I then ask if she would like to cum, with my tongue, she immediately hopes on the table and off we go, a lovely clean, well-trimmed and fresh smelling puss. Mission achieved x2 and she hopes of the table and gives me an extremely sensual HJ. Total service took about an hour and 20 minutes so this girl does not watch the clock
May said she was going back to Japan for 2 week holiday soon, but will be back. She works Wednesday and Saturday..


Floor: #2
Post Time: 7th February 2017, 11:42 PM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I got a text from my enemy the jet, telling me, there is an aussie girl here 21 years old with double d's, i should go see.  As if she would do what this wonderful japanese girl did lol.


