Thread Title: Hampshire Rd, Glen Waverley - 8510 6052
Floor: #1
Post Time: 23rd January 2018, 09:34 AM
Poster ID: tryhardaussie
Post Title: 
 Hampshire Rd, Glen Waverley - 8510 6052
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sasa (*so she said)

Establishment : Hampshire Rd Mulgrave

Date of Visit : January 

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 85106052

Hours of Business : 10am till 8pm

Rates : $75

Age : 26

Size/shape : Curvy size 12 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Massage Bodyslide and BBBJ

Value for money/recommend? : No 

My experience/comments : After reading a recent review I needed to head out east and have a little bit of the action here.
Having determined the location I called and asked who was on and told Sasa and Angela. Ok book Sasa.
Having arrived at the appointed time I was escorted into the room and paid my dues with instructions to get undressed which I did with anticipation. Having popped a blue pill 45 minutes earlier I was raring to go.
Sasa walks in and as I recalled ithe review she was about 20 slim and attractive. This one was 26-30 portly and plain. 

No I booked Sasa 
I am Sasa
I booked the other Sasa
I am the only Sasa

 Needless to say I yielded mainly due to an erection that I didn't want to waste. I should have.
She told me that she does very good body slide and ending. Mmmm How much $70
No $50 which she agreed too.
The massage and slide were shit, and when she went to tug I couldn't bare the thought of a crap tug so I did insist on a BJ.
With a little reluctance she included the BBBJ which was ok but a little toothy.

I suspect that that RnT joints read these reviews and that once a good review is posted then everyone working there changes their working name to the that of the well reviewed ML.
I want to make it clear that in no way would I blame any review posted here as being misleading. It was entirely my fault for being gullible enough not have walked in the first place.

Another lesson learned


Floor: #2
Post Time: 27th February 2018, 08:28 AM
Poster ID: Frontloader
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lisa

Establishment : 19 Hampshire Rd, Glen Waverley, VIC

Date of Visit : February

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 03 8510 6052

Hours of Business : 10am till 8pm

Rates : $75 1 hour

Age : late 30's

Size/shape : Curvy size 12+

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Massage, nude HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Was ok, but not likley to return for Lisa.


Was met by Lisa at reception and taken to a room that has a curtain for a door. Room was ok and clean, carpet on floor and table sturdy. 
Lisa is a curvy size 12+ with C sized saggy and soft boobs with large areola. Lisa wore a low cut tight fitting dress the day I was there. One other worked in the shop which has 3 rooms but no shower.

Competent at massage which takes 35-40 minutes before the flip. Agree on $50 for nude and off the kit slips. If you like a bit of underarm hair and a completely forested pussy with hair that would poke your eyes out if you ventured down there, then Lisa is for you. 
HJ is more than competent but no chance of DATY, DFK, FS. or touching the pussy save for the odd external brush by.
Lisa has her limitations and likes her boobs played with and nipples sucked which almost gets her off.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 14th June 2018, 11:16 PM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Chloe

Establishment : 19 Hampshire Rd, Glen Waverley, VIC

Date of Visit : 14/6/2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 03 8510 6052

Hours of Business : 10am till 8pm

Rates : $50 half plus 50

Age : 22

Size/shape : Size 8 b-cups 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Massage,semi naked hj

Value for money/recommend? : Terrible

Was doing a sweep of the area on Tues, opened the door was greeted by an essential oils unit on the bench as u walk in, sprayed steam into my face.  Saw a girl sitting on the couch with her legs slightly spread, they spread even further revealing black undies and she stood to greet me.  The boss came over, and i asked her if she had a red headed girl working, not the girl with the legs spread.  No was the answer, but she tried pushing the current redhead onto me, who was bloody attractive with a very intense looking face, nice red streaks in her hair.  Lovely makeup, the hair was tied up, but i was pushing for time, and was seduced into seeing her today.

No spray into the face from the essential oils unit, but another spreading of the legs by Chloe as she stood, revealing white undies.  Taken into the large room with a massive curtain as the door, nice heating in the room, nice feel, and good lighting.  Chloe took off her black overcoat to reveal a black dress, she has lovely olive skin, and her hair was out this time, not the same impact as 2 days ago, she also had sexy glittery silver stiletto's on.

No throw away wank sheet, just a nice sheet over the massage table.Soft was the request, a towel was put over my back, and she pressed lightly into it.  Not the light i was expecting.  A request for the legs, no nails, just light massage on the left legs close to the ass cheeks.  Chloe asked if i wanted extra's, i agreed, she offered 30 for a clothed hj, i asked do u take off, she said yes but it was "period central", i could not believe this. Another 20 for undies and bra, i agreed.  She was wearing white granny undies and a granny bra.  Onto the back, the hj with oil that basically felt like water was pathetic.  I don't think this girl has pulled many, the slowest action i have ever experienced, and a real lack of interest in her face.  

The highlight was her accepting a massage, putting her dress back on, keeping her stiletto's on, as i massaged her lovely strong olive skinned legs on the side of the table, while looking at the mirror placed directly behind the table.  After her legs were done, she had another go with the oil to get me off, but it was more of the same.I asked her to stop and she then got  a hot towel to remove the oil/water.  Once dressed i hinted i might return next week when she is not bleeding.  I reckon i have met this girl elsewhere, other preferred.


