Thread Title: Happy Angel Massage – 507 High St. Road Mount Waverley
Floor: #1
Post Time: 26th September 2019, 12:14 PM
Poster ID: poundedhat
Post Title: 
 Happy Angel Massage – 507 High St. Road Mount Waverley
				
Post Content: 
Happy Angel Massage – 507 High St. Road Mount Waverley

Person's Name: Bella

Establishment: Happy Angel Massage – 507 High St. Road Mount Waverley


Date of Visit: Sep 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: 0451 728 047 

Hours of Business: 10--8 

Rates : 50 - 30mins

Age: 32 but could be older

Size/shape: Medium build 'Flat – (fried eggs) 

Nationality or Ethnicity: Chinese 

Services Provided: Massage; Nude HJ

Value for money/recommend?: yes 

My experience/comments: 


Bella is AKA Dolly from Recharge in Nunawading.  Had not seen Bella / Dolly for quite a few months messaged her on We Chat got the address and off I go. This shop is in the strip of shops on High St Road between Stephenson's Road and Blackburn Road.
Was greeted by Bella who seemed pleased to see me and paid the massage fee at the front counter, they take credit cards. Taken to the first room, the heater was on so it was quite pleasant for a cool day.
Undress and hope on the table. Bella comes in a few minutes later and commences a great massage with not too much oil. She truly knows how to give a great massage as she was trained properly in China and it shows. When Bella is close to my hands I rub her bum, thighs and back as he has a loose dress on that allows access. After about 30 minutes of the 45 minutes the strokes turn from the professional massage to the soft sensual strokes that go to all the right places. After a few minutes of this I turn and ask her to take her clothes of which I help her to do. She has great little body, no boobs but cute button nipples and she is completely shaved. 
As I am still recovering from my prostrate removal am still having issues getting an erection, but the feelings are slowly coming back. Bella was very understanding, oiling my privates up and continued to play with my balls and limp dick. She said she has other clients with the same issue. When I do eventually come there is strong squirt of Pee come as well, I apologized but we both saw the funny side laugh out load. She then gives a great clean-up I dress pay the damage of $50 and leave (YMMV).

This girl is great value look after her and she will look after you!!!!!.


