Thread Title: Hualy Massage - Wantirna South - 03 9873 9037
Floor: #1
Post Time: 26th February 2020, 03:21 PM
Poster ID: Snapper79
Post Title: 
 Hualy Massage - Wantirna South - 03 9873 9037
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Mary

Establishment : Hualy Massage 

Date of Visit : January 2020

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 1310 High Street Road Wantirna South / 03 9873 9037

Hours of Business : 10am till 8pm

Rates : 50 for half + extras

Age : 40's

Size/shape : Short size 6 long black hair

Nationality or Ethnicity : China

Services Provided : Massage + extras

Value for money/recommend? : Worth the punt

My experience/comments :

Seeing a massage place at a strip mall is interesting to say the least. Called the number at the front to scope out whether it was worth it.. the context of the call was 'discuss extras when you get here'. Enough to tickle the fancy. Went in and took a look around and only saw Mary, who is the manager there. No uniform on which doesn't indicate anything.

Into the rooms with lockable doors and a box of tissues and a 'goody box' present. Check. Extras - likely.

Asked to strip and shortly afterwards Mary comes in, with a less restrictive outfit on. The massage wasn't too bad actually. She straddles you and kneads your shoulders and actually releases tension (not that tension... but more on that later). For the price it was actually worth the massage alone.

Hot towel to remove the oil and onto the flip. Grabs mini me and asks whether I want extras. Not really in a position to ague against it and handed her $50. What I got from that was a catbath, body slide, and BBBJ. Bit rapid the BJ was at times and slightly mechanical, but can't really complain too much. Sensing that it was time I gently tapped her head to signal the inevitable (and being gentleman like). Her response was to rapid the movement and as a result I erupted into her mouth. Obligatory spit into the tissue and a mouthwash gargle and the job is done. Got dressed and made my way out of the store.

Mary then tells me of the 'secret back entrance' (no double entendre there) to the store.. oh. For when discretion is required. Or when the strip mall is full of kids after school and you don't want to be judged as a dirty old bloke. Left with a bottle of water and some mints, and a promise of more extras during any return trip.

Lighter and more relaxed. WIR? Yep. Other girls do work there but younger girls may not offer the type of service and may have reliability issues.


