Thread Title: Japanese Cultural Massage - 1224 Toorak Rd, Camberwell - 0426 938 056
Floor: #1
Post Time: 9th April 2019, 09:01 PM
Poster ID: robot
Post Title: 
 Japanese Cultural Massage - 1224 Toorak Rd, Camberwell - 0426 938 056
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Vivian

Establishment : Japanese Cultural Massage

Date of Visit : 9/4/19

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 1224 Toorak Rd, Camberwell

Phone :  0426 938 056

Hours of Business : 10 - 9

Rates : $50 / 30 mins

Age : late 20's

Size/shape : Slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian

Services Provided : Massage, HJ

Value for money/recommend? : No

My experience/comments : 

Browsing locanto I noticed a new shop had opened in the area so I thought I would check it out. Met at reception by Vivian, she is a average but cute and smiling lady with a slim body and maybe b-cups who was eager to get me into the room so went ahead with a 30 min booking. Asked if I had been there before - yes. Left me to strip and get comfortable. Rooms are similar to the rest, smallish with cheap massage oil, tissues and a disposable tissue laid for the groin area so no issue knowing extras would be on offer.

Vivian returns and begins a decent massage, asking about pressure and if there were any areas specific to focus on. I told her back and save time for the front lol. This shop is already busy because there were lots of walk ins, must have been another 2 girls because 2 got in and the 3rd guy got turned away. Back to the massage, no real tease but anytime she got close to my inner thighs I have a moan of appreciation. After a while she whispers if I want extras in my ear and I say yep.

She asks to flip over and without negotiations she starts an oily HJ. Started off well with a nice slow action for around 30 seconds but then she starts the old jackhammer. It's been a while since I've gotten a bad HJ so it was pretty annoying. Asked her to slow down but she only did so for a bit before speeding up again. She was ok with me touching her ass over her jeans, then I slowly went under her top to feel her back, but she seemed to block me from touching her tits even over her bra. So I layed back and let her get tired since I won't cum with the jackhammer. After a while she did get tired and had to sit down and she slowed down due to a sore arm so I finally came lol.  Nice clean up and went off.

She's a nice lady but I'm there for a HJ and that was bad and doesn't seem like she'll do anything more than clothed HJ so I won't be back. She works there Tuesdays and Wednesdays.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 10th April 2019, 07:24 AM
Poster ID: robot
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Forgot to mention extra charged were $40. She initially asked for $50. Joking for a clothed handy.


