Thread Title: Juicy Lucy - Near Mooroolbark
Floor: #1
Post Time: 30th April 2016, 04:44 PM
Poster ID: Like
Post Title: 
 Juicy Lucy - Near Mooroolbark
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lucy

Establishment : Massage place near Mooroolbark (apologies, but I don't think it is appropriate to disclose, PM possible)

Date of Visit : late April 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Not disclosed

Hours of Business : Not sure

Rates : $55 for 45 min, $70 for 60 min, plus $100 for extras

Age : mid 20's

Size/shape : medium height, very toned, great shape

Nationality or Ethnicity : Hong Kong

Services Provided : great massage, kissing (I'm not into that, but available), cuddling (bit weird, but go with the flow), breast and nipple play including in mouth, DATY, sort of BB FS (WTF!), HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Absolutely and yes.

My experience/comments : I've been a bit bored with punting in the last few months and this outing took me by surprise. All my regular ML's have gone back to Thailand, or so the mamasan's say. Can also mean that are just working somewhere else. I called a reliable place where right from the very first visit maybe a year or so ago extra's were on. I've never reviewed the place because I didn't want it to follow the same fate as that nice place in Nunawading and the reincarnation in Highbury Rd, both retired/closed. Called, asked for a massage with a regular ML, ah no, gone back to Thailand, how about xxx, ah no also gone back to Thailand, then asked if there was someone else available, yes, come in. When I arrived Lucy was busy with another punter and the mamasan started off the massage, and she was pretty good. Although in 40's, has a great set of hooters. Lucy's doing the soap hot water thing for the other punter and after about 10 min comes in and takes over. Hi what's your name, I'm Lucy. Very friendly. Straight into a great massage and then only after 5-10 min, bit of a tickle. Excellent. Had only booked for 45 min so extended to 60 and paid the extra. The next 30 minutes was a great mix of massage and teasing with lots of sack action. Lucy also likes to chat which is good. Flip. Then Lucy sits on the table and wants a hug. Ok. And a sort of kiss, which I avoided. Lucy ask's what do you want? Depends how much it costs. Hold up hand indicating $50. We haven't really agreed for what, but I assume for HJ with semi-nude and touching. Then it moves into a bit of breast play and Lucy let's me lift a beautiful smallish breast out and kiss the nipple. Encourage, I then unbutton her jean shorts, over tights, over panties and kiss her stomach and slide my hand down. Then buttoned her back up and  Lucy says that will cost more. Ok, so $100. Lucy then climbs on the table and lies down. I unbutton her jean shorts again, slide them and the tights and panties down to her knees and lift her legs over my head for a bit of beautiful DATY on a small unshaven but only lightly haired pussy. Lucy was enjoying it very much. Stopped and then laid on top of her and with her legs together and started moving up and down feeling her wet pussy lips on my penis. Fantastic. Lucy adjusts my penis a bit, I was thinking she would move it away, but she moved it in as it started feeling amazing but only moving an inch or so, whoa, BB! Pulled away and sat up. Lucy say's, that was too close! Finishes me off with a HJ with a huge blow as I felt a bit clear my shoulder and Lucy goes, wow. Clean up, more hugging, yes, I'll come back. Lucy really seemed to be enjoying her work and hopefully that lasts. I didn't find out if Lucy was near at that establishment.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 30th April 2016, 04:50 PM
Poster ID: WOTAN01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by Like


Person's Name : Lucy

Establishment : Massage place near Mooroolbark (apologies, but I don't think it is appropriate to disclose, PM possible)

Date of Visit : late April 2016...................................... I didn't find out if Lucy was near at that establishment
"""



Where does this place advertise?


Floor: #3
Post Time: 30th April 2016, 07:09 PM
Poster ID: nextlif
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Like, what was the point of posting this review? You wont disclose the location or any contact details, so it makes your effort absolutely useless to our members. We have a problem with members who are happy to read the reviews and use the details supplied for their own benefit but dont contribute in the same way.
Of your last four reviews, three times you havent bothered to give the name of the lady being reviewed. Mamasan, the vacuum lady and mamasan does not cut it.


