Thread Title: Leviva Thai Massage - Scoresby - 03 9763 5014
Floor: #1
Post Time: 7th December 2014, 05:03 PM
Poster ID: nextlif
Post Title: 
 Leviva Thai Massage - Scoresby - 03 9763 5014
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Tan

Establishment : Leviva Thai Massage

Date of Visit : 6/12/2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Darryl St Scoresby. Ad on Gumtree ,   Website

Hours of Business : 10am - 9pm , 7 Days

Rates : $65 hour

Age :27-30 ish

Size/shape : Size 8-10

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Massage & Tug

Value for money/recommend? : Okay

My experience/comments : 

Had Saturday to myself as The Leader Of The Opposition, and her sister The Founder/ Leader of The Troublemakers Party  , had decided on a day dedicated to trashing our Credit Card at Chadstone Shopping Centre. . Id been as toey as a Roman Sandal all week so took the opportunity to enjoy a session of RNT.
Found Levivas ad on Gumtree and called and booked a time for early afternoon. Easy place to find with plenty of parking opposite, so lobbed on time and wandered in to meet my masseuse. Tan was waiting for me at Reception, and led me to a small but clean and comfortable room to the rear of the shop. Tan is around 27, maybe up to 30, slimmish size 8-10 and was wearing leggings and a long sleeve tee. She left me to undress and returned after 3 or 4 minutes to commence the massage. Tan started on my back, medium pressure, not much oil, but wonderfully soft warm hands. Actually, she has rather large hands for a girl which I dont like all that much. I prefer smallish hands as they tend to make my dick look bigger ....sorry, I digress, back to business.... The back massage was only average but the time spent on my lower back and butt had me tingling-nothing sexy or even sensual but just a nice touch. Legs were next, long two handed strokes from ankle to groin with the odd light touch of the boys to keep me interested. Asked to flip, and noticed we had gone nearly 50 minutes ( there is a clock on the wall facing you when you are on your back. You cant miss it- its the second biggest clock Ive ever seen) so thought I had better pop the question sooner rather than later. "You bin here before?"...Yes, two or three times I lied, "How much you pay last time for happy enting?".. er, $30? Ok, $30....Tan requested I pay up before the act, which I didnt have a problem with and then settled back for the happy ending. Tug was slow, nice and firm and as I had quite a build up completion was achieved in near record time. Wet towel clean up, which seems to be the norm for Thai massage places these days, and then Tan left me to dress. I met her at Reception where a glass of water was waiting for me, paid my account and back out into the real world. BTW, I noticed they have Eftpos and Credit Card facilities.
All in all, only an average massage experience so I am unlikely to visit Tan again. The place was spotlessly clean as were the towels so maybe Ill visit again to try a different masseuse.


nextlife


Floor: #2
Post Time: 21st December 2016, 05:53 PM
Poster ID: need_email_addy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Mimi

 Establishment : Leviva Thai Massage

 Date of Visit : Dec 2016

 Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Darryl St Scoresby. Ad on Gumtree , Website

 Hours of Business : 10am - 9pm , 7 Days

 Rates : $35 1/2hour

 Age : early 20s

 Size/shape : Size 10

 Nationality or Ethnicity : chinese

 Services Provided : Massage 

 Value for money/recommend? : no

 My experience/comments : Being the tightass I am I thought id try a $35 half hour after stumbling over this joint as opposed to another local around the corner. Very nice setup (which should've sounded warning bells) with good paintwork/flooring/curtains/etc. Paid for half hour and went into first room on the left - cavity sliders instead of normal doors (strike 2). young-ish early 20s unattractive girl who said her name was mimi came in and commenced an oil bath masquerading as a massage. zero accidental touches halfway through so I quietly enquired and was denied on the extras front.
Nice clean establishment and nice enough girls, however I wasn't really in the market for a straight-up massage with as much pressure as a wet lettuce leaf. not recommended


