Thread Title: Lily - Angel star Massage, Bayswater Vic - 0412 924 379
Floor: #1
Post Time: 2nd April 2017, 10:54 AM
Poster ID: Like
Post Title: 
 Lily - Angel star Massage, Bayswater Vic - 0412 924 379
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Kelly (or Cali)

Establishment : Angle Star Massage, 729 Mountain Hwy, Bayswater

Date of Visit : early Apr 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0412 924 379

Hours of Business : Not sure, was there about 2pm

Rates : $45 for 0.5h

Age : 30's

Size/shape : Bulldozer

Nationality or Ethnicity : Maybe Vietnamese

Services Provided : Massage only (thank god)

Value for money/recommend? : No

My experience/comments : I recall another review of this place of Lily which sounded good, and also another review which mentioned someone called Cali, which warned of jackhammer HJ. So, call about 10 min away as was driving past. Yes, no problem but can't speak much English. I hoped it was Lily. Rolled up, ML dressed in a black lose negligee type thing but shorts and top on underneath. Might have been another punter being punished as had to wait in room for 10 min. Anyhow Cali comes in and starts massaging, how do you like it, went medium, yikes, that was hurting, so down graded to soft, but that was still bulldozer like. ML does this weird shoving thing like she's making sure your limbs are well and truly in their sockets. I'm thinking I don't want a jackhammer HJ and made sure I wasn't giving any signals. Asked to flip, said how about a bit of leg? Bit more punishment on the legs with a bit of ramming of the sack. Asked to flip again and I said I had to go. Only 20 min gone but didn't want to risk getting an erection and saying yes to HJ so left, and drove down the road to FA.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 20th June 2017, 10:24 AM
Poster ID: Frontloader
Post Title: 
 Angel Star Massage - 729 Mountain Hwy, Bayswater, vic, 0412 924 379
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Cherry

Establishment : Angel Star Massage, 729 Mountian Hwy, Bayswater, VIC. tel:0412 924 379
Date of Visit : june 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 
http://melbourne.cracker.com.au/Ther...ssage/37906552
Hours of Business : 

Rates : $45 /30 min $80 extras

Age : mid 20's

Size/shape : size 10, 5'5, 36/32/34. Beautiful body of a mid 20's girl. C/D cuppers, likely enhanced but soft. Great shape, truly and asset. Shame about her rushed approach. 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Vietnamese

Services Provided : nude HE plus limited touching

Value for money/recommend? : no. Too rushed and clinical

My experience/comments : nice descrete back entrance to this place. Met by Cherry as another old crooner was exiting the front. His ML was taking a shower. Into the room with Cherry and asked for 30 minutes. Room is an absolute dive. A bit grotty, cobwebs (not mine), old looking towels. Nearly walked then, should have. De-clothe and onto the table. Cherry returns and a bit of chit chat and she commences a speed massage much like if you were making a bed and trying to smooth the wrinkles out as fast as you could. Never concentrated on one area, it was all over the place. Did I mention it was fast. Spends a bit of time on the legs but hardly went near the crack and sack. Hot towel wipe down and flip at 15 minutes in. Cherry asked if I wanted extra massage. Affirmative. She then reeled off her list. $30 HJ, $50 nude no touching, $80 nude with touching, $100 body slide with oral. I opted for the $80 nude. Stupidly I didn't even negotiate which is most unlike me. Quick as a flash she's removed her light floral jump suit ( short legs pants) and panties, no bra for this one. She turned around and I must say she has a rocking body, and she knows it. Absolutely beuatifully shaped tits, erect nipples and narrow waist. She approached and commenced another speed massage around my stomach and legs before finally oiling me up. Almost a jackhammer from the start. Boring. I asked for slower and more sensual which she read as more oil. More oil applied and the jacking continued. I was fading and she told me to hurry up even though she was only going 5 or so minutes. She said most guys would have cum bu now - well I'm not into speed dating -  I said she was too fast and not sensual enough. I invited her up onto the table but she declined. Asked her to straddle my leg and continue. Ok. So, she hammered away again but at least I got a full view of her body and her boobs dancing away above her narrow waist which finally bought me to a conclusion. Wipe down, dressed and paid the cash and I was gone. Never to return to Cherry.
BTW, touching was limited to outside touching of her nearly hairless pussy that remained dry as a chip on a hot day, and some touching of her boobs, too light tickled too much, too hard squeezed those implants. 

I think Cherry has been at this too long and needs a break. A more customer friendly approach wouldn't be bad either.


