Thread Title: Lisa Studio- Hawthorn East - 0412 527 334
Floor: #1
Post Time: 5th August 2015, 09:39 PM
Poster ID: hottscout
Post Title: 
 Lisa Studio- Hawthorn East - 0412 527 334
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Wendy

Establishment : Lisa Studio

Date of Visit : 04/08

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :[COLOR=#000000] 0412 527 334 -  [/COLOR]  http://melbourne.locanto.com.au/ID_5...mins-free.html

Hours of Business : 9am -7:30pm

Rates : $70/hr

Age : 20's

Size/shape : 10 - bit chubby, huge rack

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Massage, HJ

Value for money/recommend? : It was OK

My experience/comments : Saw a new ad on locanto, made the call and had a nice chat with a lady calling herself Lisa, decided to make a booking for later in the afternoon. Time had arrived, and so did I. A you girls opened the door, massive tits, but she wasn't anything to write home about. Average looking, a bit chubby, but very well proportioned, and her tights hugged her legs and ass nicely.

Into the room, she leaves me to undress, and she is back in the room within 3 minutes. She confirms the firmness of the massage, and comes to the head of the table to start. She doesn't mind my hands hanging over the edge of the table, and actually pushes into my hands. I glide my one hand around her, and lightly rub her upper leg. Wendy is quite chatty and friendly, and seems rather competent at massage. She gives some light brushes of the tackle when she massages my inner thighs, and from time to time, some not so light touches, I as expected, make the right noises and movements, so she knows I approve.

Flip over, and no front massage, instead she asks me if I need some help, I concur, she gets some oil, and gets started. Great technique shown. She starts very slow, making long deliberate strokes, from base to tip and back again, and also rubbing my balls at the same time. I'm allowed to touch, upon asking about nude, she indicated she would charge $50 for that. I declined this, and told her next time, if nude is available, I like to enjoy it from the start of the massage. And, Wendy doesn't really make me think that nude would be justified, I asked just to get a feel of the venue. She did get very shy when I moved my hand up towards her huge tits, so, yet another reason why I didn't go for the nude, if my ML is nude, I want to be able to touch what's on show - with her consent of course.

So... the HJ, it was fantastic, and it was unrushed, she has a very good 2 handed technique, and one handed is just as good, this girl, despite her shyness, certainly knows how to tug a cock. Like I said, I was allowed to roam with my hands, but over the clothes, and she didn't really feel comfortable with the boobs, even though she was putting the girls on show with a very low cut top. Eventually the inevitable eruption happened, Wendy kept going, and made sure I was tapped out before stopping. She gave me a good clean up, we had a chat,  I asked her again about nude, she got embarrassed when I asked about touching when nude, she said only a little bit of touching, well, I can respect that.
I slipped her thirty bucks, and she saw me out the door. 

WIR, I think I will, I'm sure there is more to be had here, and there could be some hidden gems in the workforce. She did tell me her boss owns a few shops, and that she used to work at one of the others in Middle Camberwell, so there may be some rotation to come.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 15th August 2015, 09:58 AM
Poster ID: japan
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
How much for tug then if you did not get topless massage?


Floor: #3
Post Time: 16th August 2015, 08:44 AM
Poster ID: massageplease
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks for the review , been looking at that ad wondering if its worth an hour in the car.


