Thread Title: Massage Center - 12 Yertchuk Avenue, Ashwood - 9809 5313
Floor: #1
Post Time: 10th June 2018, 04:23 PM
Poster ID: sribrah
Post Title: 
 Massage Center - 12 Yertchuk Avenue, Ashwood - 9809 5313
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Nicola (Brazilian girl) I could be wrong with the name

Establishment : 12 Yertchuk Avenue, Ashwood

Date of Visit : 10th June 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 9809 5313

Hours of Business : 10am to 8pm i think could be wrong again

Rates : $60/hour $90 for 90 mins

Age : Mid 20s

Size/shape : Slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Brazilian

Services Provided : Massage only

Value for money/recommend? : For a massage, yeah. No extras

My experience/comments : I TOFTT i guess

Badly needed a massage after a long week of working my ass off. So i looked around Gumtree and locanto and couldn't find anything of interest.

I drove around to get lunch and spotted this place.

Walked in, attractive Brazilian girl at the front reception. Very friendly and bubbly. Asked her if she does lomi, said no. Only relaxation and deep tissue.

Settled for relaxation for 60 mins.

I was shown into the room and asked to undress but keep my underwear on and walked out. I wasn't wearing any underwear so I was butt naked when she walked in. 

She was a bit alarmed "oh where's your underwear!?", I said "I wasn't wearing one". She seemed a bit put off and quickly covered me with a towel. And i was thinking....well, this seems like a strictly massage only place.

Massage was very good. She got into the areas in my back with pain and loosed up the knots. Did a great job doing that. I was covered the whole time and not at any point she made any sexual contact.

30 mins in and she asked me to flip, while keeping the towel over me for privacy. I flipped, she covered me fully and went on working on the legs.

The room was really hot because of the oil heater in the room. I asked her if she could remove the towel and let me be undraped as it was too hot to be under a towel. She was not okay with it but seeing how uncomfortable i was, she agreed. She took notice of my semi boner few times, there were a few accidently light brushes as she was massaging my lower stomach.

As the massage was nearing it's end she said something like "You know we're a professional massage center, we don't do anything other than massage. After i leave you can take care of that yourself if you want" while pointing to my penis and the box of tissues next to the massage table. I said it's ok as the massage was good enough to keep me happy. After the 60 mins was up she left and i took care of business myself.

Overall, great massage. It will be risky trying to get the ML s to do any extras as they take down all your details (name, number, signature of consent) before the massage. Who knows what they might do with that info if you cross the lines, so go here for a massage , it's OK to ask if there are any extras as it may depend from girl to girl and YMMV but don't do anything stupid!


Floor: #2
Post Time: 10th June 2018, 06:29 PM
Poster ID: robot
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
What a shame. Would have been there tomorrow if anything was on offer. Still looking for a Latina girl.


