Thread Title: Miracle 19 Thai – 110 Auburn Rd, Hawthorn - 03 9815 0775
Floor: #1
Post Time: 11th February 2015, 05:18 PM
Poster ID: poundedhat
Post Title: 
 Miracle 19 Thai – 110 Auburn Rd, Hawthorn - 03 9815 0775
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Tick


Establishment: Miracle 19 Thai – 110 Auburn Road, Hawthorn


Date of Visit: 9th December 2014


Contact Details/Address/Weblink:(03) 9815 0775


Hours of Business: 10am – 9:00pm,


Rates:$55.00 for the hour (opening special)


Age: early 20's


Size/shape: Full uniform including tights (you probably see the picture already)


Nationality or Ethnicity: Thai

Services Provided: Excellent Massage – NO extras, 
Value for money/recommend? : Rang and made an appointment to check this place out on the way home from the office, looked impressive in passing. If you ring to make an appointment you get the discounted rate.
Nice little lady checks the appointment book upon arrival all in order so paid the dues take off your shoes and socks and are shown to the room, which was a big room under the stairs separated by a thick curtain that has another massage table behind it. Am told to undress leaving my underwear on to which I object and am told I can take off, that was easy….!
As I walked in there was an old boiler in the uniform smiling so thought I may end up with her, but not to be the young thing that checked me in is my ML. The massage commences, hard soft or medium, always start with medium and work up if necessary, anyway she throws over me a Thai sheet that is nice an light, there is ceiling fan on so the sheet was appreciated. Firstly she washes the feet, and works up, both legs, back including bum, & arms. She is particularly careful not to go to places where many ML's have been before!!!... When she does the upper part of the back she uses Thai Balm, which is a bit like Denco-rub only with a pleasant smell and nice tingle on the skin. She then does the front and the lower legs and finishes with the head and face. The massage included lots of stretches as well. I will say the massage was that good I did not mind there were no extras. It was the closest thing to the massages I received in Thailand

WIR: Definitely for a good value for money massage. It was a bit disconcerting to hear a massage being carried out behind the curtain.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 11th February 2015, 10:49 PM
Poster ID: Lethal
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Great review Poundedhat. Reading your reviews you seem to have a penchant for a good Thai massage, and I will definitely be visiting this place soon. Shame about the curtains, but what the heck when you are receiving a great massage in nice surroundings, by a skilled masseur. Thanks for the info.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 13th February 2015, 08:30 AM
Poster ID: umweltftc
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Been here about 6 times times as the legit massages standard is actually very high. In mid-Jan, scored a surprise clothed HJ off girl called Tahni. said she did it because she "wanted to", and I was not one to argue. I paid 30 tip because I wanted to. have been back twice since, no sign of Tahni (dang it) and any request for HJ from girls has been firmly rebuffed.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 13th February 2015, 09:31 AM
Poster ID: nextlif
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by umweltftc


Been here about 6 times times as the legit massages standard is actually very high. In mid-Jan, scored a surprise clothed HJ off girl called Tahni. said she did it because she "wanted to", and I was not one to argue. I paid 30 tip because I wanted to. have been back twice since, no sign of Tahni (dang it) and any request for HJ from girls has been firmly rebuffed
"""



How about a full template review of Tahni? Would certainly be of help to our members as you saw her within the last month....


nextlife


