Thread Title: Monton Thai Massage - 174 High St, Ashburton - 9885 1576
Floor: #1
Post Time: 1st April 2019, 08:21 PM
Poster ID: McCauley
Post Title: 
 Monton Thai Massage - 174 High St, Ashburton - 9885 1576
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Natalie

Establishment : Monton Thai Massage

Date of Visit : 26/03/2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 174 High St, Ashburton

Phone : 9885 1576

Hours of Business : 10-9pm

Rates : $70/60mins 

Age : 26

Size/shape : size 8

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Massage + Nude HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes, she is nice girl


This place has 3 other places as well, i think in croydon, bentligh and east malvern (ive been to the wast malvern branch). Pretty much every girl at these locations is thai. Most are fairly good looking or have good bodies and are also young around 20 to late 20's max. The owner is pretty open and will tell you what sort of girls she has working especially if you have seen someone you like and want to try someone similar lol. I think all girls switch between these locations also so its hard to track them down as they can be on the move alot. I had seen natalie before in the east malvern branch in the lobby and had wanted to meet her for a while now so when i heard she was on i booked in. 

Took a 1hr session. Session started with the towel over full body and lost of hard pressure. This went for a good 10 mins and then she started with the oil and lots more hard pressure on areas she thought needed it. She didn't really give any hints away nor did she talk much which is actually better in my opinion (the talking). Ss she moved down to the legs she started in slow down a little and she focused on my thigh area for a good 5 or so mins. She asked me to turn with about 15 mins left and placed the towel over my mid section. About 5 mins in and she asked if i wanted any thing else done. She reeled of her price list and ive realised that pretty much every girl at these locations have set a standard list. SO its 50, 100 nude and 150 for nude slide/touching. Natalie pointed out that if i went with the 150 option then i could touch her anywhere. i went with the nude option and she was not strict so i was allowed to touch her i just didn't try and push my luck, she also didnt rush me to finish/ She has a nice rig and random tatts in a few location. Overall i would say she may be up for more but only at that 150 option i would say and i dont think she would bargain either, but to be honest i don't try and bargain anyway as i feel most of girls have heard it all before unless they are super new. plus with the amount of stories ive heard of guys who claim they will go and get extra money after the session is over and never come back these girls will never trust anyone anymore unless they know you and rightfully so i say

cheers


Floor: #2
Post Time: 2nd May 2019, 01:59 PM
Poster ID: Hancock
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I rang the ashburton shop and they said she didn't work there anymore. I tried the bentleigh shop but they would only say who was working that day. When I tried the mobile number I got much better help. Maybe she was the helpful owner you mentioned. She mentioned there was a shorter natalie who isn't currently on the roster and a taller natalie who still is.
Have you seen her since? And in which shop? Short or tall? Cheers


Floor: #3
Post Time: 4th May 2019, 12:20 PM
Poster ID: McCauley
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
yeah i only communicate with them via the mobile number also, I have not seen her since, the one i saw had tats and was tall. i saw another girl sitting on the sofa her name was Daisy she looks nice also i would give her a go if i had the time. She was young and very slim but not as tall as Natalie


