Thread Title: Nature Thai - 1132 Bourke Road, North Balwyn - 9859 6330
Floor: #1
Post Time: 1st December 2014, 01:16 PM
Poster ID: poundedhat
Post Title: 
 Nature Thai - 1132 Bourke Road, North Balwyn - 9859 6330
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Katie 

Establishment : Nature Thai

Date of Visit : 30th November 2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : (03) 9859 6330, 1132 Bourke Road North Balwyn


Hours of Business : 10am to 8:00pm,

Rates : $65.00 (special price due to change of ownership) + $40

Age : Early 20's

Size/shape : Short, nice body

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Superb Massage , HJ good

Value for money/recommend? : Out and about on a hot Sunday afternoon and saw this place with the change of ownership sign on the window with a special opening price. Went in, 2 girls at reception, but was fully booked saying needed to come back in ½ hour. They could see I was not keen. Anyway they made a phone call to a nearby related shop and then one of the girls at reception said she could see me. Nice looking young thing with a nice body and great tits, named Katie. Shown to the room, very nice and fresh clean rooms, very functional with massage table extra chair and dressing gown hanging up. Also the room was air-conditioned.. There is also the obligatory sign saying no sexual services offered at this place. Undress and hope on the table a few minutes later in comes Katie. Asked what type of massage and I say strong with soft later on, to which Katie says she understands. 5 minutes or so into the massage I reach out and rub my hand up her inner thigh, to which she says lie still there will be time for some fun later. Sounds good!!!. The massage is first rate, she really knows her stuff, finding all the knots in your back and legs and removing them, at the same time showing junior and his mates a little attention throughout the back massage. Like most Thai places she bends the legs out to the side and does the massage in inner thigh and all the way up to paradise. During the massage she is on and off the table getting the most power into your back and legs.
Then the turn, she continues on her way shoulders to toes with some nice action in the middle, she really knew what to do taking the enjoyment levels up and down throughout the session with a very enjoyable finish at the end with touching outside the clothes. During the back massage but before the fun commences she asks if I am prepared to pay a tip and how much, I say $30, she says her charge is $50, we settle on $40, and it was good value. Believe more could be available if you are known to her! The entire massage went for 65 minutes, and then asked if I would like a shower or hot towels, shown the shower which is upstairs, it is a small glass shower cubicle, but the room is clean and freshly renovated, soap and shampoo available and they have nice big clean fluffy towels. Back to the room paid my tip and out into the heat. All in all a good punt, a lot better than Contours which is not that far from here. I will definitely return. By the way Katie works Mon & Tues, she was filling in on this Sunday.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 8th December 2014, 05:30 PM
Poster ID: poundedhat
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Alysia

Establishment: Nature Thai – 1132 Burke Road, North Balwyn

Date of Visit: 6th December 2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: (03) 9859 6330

Hours of Business: 10am to late,

Rates: $65.00 plus extras $40.00 (1 hour)

Age: 23

Size/shape: Nice legs, top covered in very loose t shirt difficult to work out what was underneath.

Nationality or Ethnicity: Thai

Services Provided: Mediocre Massage, HJ disappointing, 

Value for money/recommend? : Went back for my second visit to this establishment, and unfortunately was disappointed in the massage, the girl and the HJ. Not much going for this visit really.
Was shown the room by young Thai girl who kept trying to cover her arse when we walked up the stairs as her shorts were too small for her. Told to get ready after about 5 minutes Alysia walks in, this girl is definitely a bit weird. The massage starts, she loaded my arse and upper legs up with a ton of oil and starts the massage in that area with a few inadvertent touches of the boys. I reach out and touch her leg to feel thick leggings, she stops and says “I don’t let customers touch me”, I will do a HJ but that is all and by the way it will cost $50.00. Then she asks if I am married, how old my wife is and if I have sex regularly, and so we have a conversation about her questions for a considerable time, meanwhile the massage is getting weaker and weaker and the touches are becoming less and less. The turn comes, and again she goes to town with the oil and says “do I want her extra” to which I say only for $40.00 to which she agrees after some bartering. Well I should not have bothered, while I am lying face up she covers my face with a small towel and starts the HJ, she really had NFI about how to go about a slow sensual HJ. Anyway it was over quickly, am given a towel so I could wash the excess of oil off in the shower.

I have found some of the young ML think they know more about satisfying a client than they actually do… this is a perfect case of this happening.

On the way out another older ML was going into a room, she was full of personality reasonable looks, nice tits no leggings and will definitely try her next time.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 22nd June 2015, 03:24 PM
Poster ID: poundedhat
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Aurora or something like that…

Establishment: Nature Thai, 1132 Bourke Road, North Balwyn

Date of Visit: 10th May 2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: (03) 9859 6330

Hours of Business: 10am – 9:00pm,

Rates: $60.00 for the hour 

Age: early to mid 20’s

Size/shape: Nice body from what you can see only

Nationality or Ethnicity: Thai

Services Provided: Excellent Massage – NO extras, 

Value for money/recommend? : Left the car in the capable hands of the Indians for a car wash, as there was a long cue decided to head over the road for a little relief, think again bucko…
Pay the 1 hour fee at the reception am escorted to the room by a little cute Thai girl in short shorts, undress and wait and wait. Eventually a nice looking Thai girl arrives but you can tell by the way she is dressed this will be touch and go as to extras.

The massage begins with the towel placed over the back, she is then up on the table and walks up and down my back and legs, then the massage in earnest starts. What a great massage she finds all the bits that need attention in my back, then to the upper part of the bum only, and only in very firm strokes. Then the legs, I think this girl likes to inflict pain, but the legs felt great afterwards.

The towel is moved to one side while she does the upper part of the leg, but there is no motion to the inside of the leg, then the next leg the same procedure. Definitely no accidental touches from this lady. 
On the turn she holds the towel in front of her face and you turn over then the towel is placed back over you. She continues with the high quality massage of the back on the front. Sensing the end if near I ask for extras and am told politely but firmly “I do not do extras”.

Have a shower with fresh towels in spotlessly clean bathroom, dress and leave. On the way out the women where I paid my money said how was it, I said “a great massage but no extras”, to which she said “we don’t offer them hear”, which I know is not true….

WIR for a good massage with NO extras most definitely.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 9th February 2017, 04:34 PM
Poster ID: robot
Post Title: 
 Nature Thai Massage - 1132 Burke Rd, Balwyn North VIC, 9859 6330
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Leena

Establishment : Nature Thai Massage

Date of Visit : 9/2/17

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 1132 Burke Rd, Balwyn - 9859 6330

Hours of Business : 10am - 8pm

Rates : 30min / $50

Age : Around 30

Size/shape : Slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian

Services Provided : R&T

Value for money/recommend? : Average

My experience/comments : 

Was chatting with a girl on wechat who turned out to be the receptionist of this place. She was stunning but unfortunately she doesn't do massage. She told me she will book me in with a great girl if I come in (sure she will), but I thought I would try this place out anyway.

Paid my $50 for 30 to the cute bubby reception who I booked with still trying to talk her into doing the massage but no go.  I followed her sexy ass upstairs to the top floor where she showed me into a room and told me to take my clothes off but leave underwear on... huh? Whatever it all came off.  The room is a nice setup with calming music playing in the background, semi-professional.  

Soon after I'm on the table, Leena comes in. She's around 30 years old, not bad looking but nothing flash with a semi-fit body. She lays the towel over me and gets me wondering if anything will be on the cards. I usually ask around now but thought I would just wait to see if I get any signs first. She proceeds to give a really good massage. Even if it ended early without extras I would be happy. 

After a while in general chat she asks if I've been there before which I reply yeah a while ago. In an instant she whips off the towel and switches to sensual massage mode. The sensual was as good as the real thing. Lots of touching and rubbing in the right places gets me worked up in no time. I want to flip over but let her work her magic giving rubs with the odd tug while I arch up and give her access.

I turn over on her command and start the negotiations. She wants $50 for a clothed tug, sigh. I counter with $30 then she says $40 and I can touch her up. I give up since she had me going and the massage was so good. She takes her time oiling me up and working me up. Technique wasn't great though. She says nothing me rubbing her ass and tits over her clothes. After a while I explode. 

She cleans me up a bit with a towel and then offers me a wet towel or shower. I choose the shower since I was pretty oily. On the way out each of the other girls walk out of their rooms and say goodbye. Unsure if it was coincidence or they do it on purpose but it gives me a look who else works here. I see a very young and small looking girl with a great smile and a chubby girl with a bit of a frown. Might try the young girl if I return.

My search of a good place in the inner south east continues...


