Thread Title: New house shop 914 Station st Box hill north
Floor: #1
Post Time: 13th January 2018, 12:47 PM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: 
 New house shop 914 Station st Box hill north
				
Post Content: 
I got this message from a friend"A reliable bloke told me yesterday about a house - 914 Station St Box Hill North. It's about 2k north of the BH shops and has a bus stop out the front. Or only about 1k south of eastern freeway.
He said he's tried a couple of ok Chinese girls there. He reckons there are a few places like this in the area but they come and go and he's forgotten where. Often theyre just old shitter houses waiting to be knocked down for flats. 


Usual price - 100 a half. "

Will check it out soon, as i cross paths with this rd many times a day.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 13th January 2018, 08:15 PM
Poster ID: Jersybull
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
When I first started going to the RnTs back in the very late 80s, they were mainly in rented houses like this, especially around the Preston area, also Nicholson street & Lygon street Carlton/Fitzroy etc, and they were always good value. Good luck Brauninc.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 29th January 2018, 01:03 PM
Poster ID: casual_guy_03
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I'm in the neighbourhood today, might try it out


Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk


Floor: #4
Post Time: 14th March 2018, 08:39 AM
Poster ID: happyending
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Linda

Establishment : 914 Station st Box hill

Date of Visit : 6/3/18

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 914 Station st Box hill

Hours of Business : not sure

Rates : $100 FS

Age : 30's

Size/shape : size 10 b cups solid around the middle

Nationality or Ethnicity : Hong Kong

Services Provided : cbj ,fs

Value for money/recommend? : ok

My experience/comments :I was in the area and decided to check this place out , there is no way of knowing what is going on in this house as it is hidden behind the garden so i took the risk and went to the front door it was wide open so i went in and was greeted by an old chinese mamasan, she pointed to a room and i went in to a nice clean room with a massage table and waited. In came Linda nice legs but could tell she had a solid midriff hidden under a loose top offered her $100 for fs she happily took it and left the room. I stripped off and she returned and hugged  and rubbed her body on me then i lay down and she commenced a cbj that was ok i asked her to put her pussy in my face which she did but positioned it so no daty was possible also pulled away whenever my fingers got near her hole. After a couple of minutes she indicated she wanted to fuck so she mounted me cowgirl but tired of this quickly and wanted missionary i obliged and we went at she was moaning and wrapping her legs tightly around me also grabbing my hair and trying to bite me, everytime a pushed hard into her she grabbed me tighter with her legs and moaned i was not sure if she was enjoying it or trying to stop me going so deep. This went on for quite a while until i decided i wanted to come so i asked her to suck me but she only wanted to do a hj so commenced a slow hj and rubbing my balls and around my ahole she lifted the tempo and suddenly slipped a finger up my ring causing me to blow a big load. First time i have had this experience i will try again. In the end a strange experience could not tell if she was enjoying it or not. She coundn't speak english so had to rely on sign language. Not sure if i will return for Linda.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 29th August 2019, 11:19 PM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
For lovers of old school shops run out of 1960 style houses, this place is still active.  Popped in today and the Papasan led me to a room, where he told me he would check how long the girl would be.   The answer was 30 mins.   I was dressed in a blue work outfit, with a pink windcheater on with work boots.  He probably thought i was hiding a police uniform so told me 30 mins.  If u crave a cheap sexual experience with a milf this place is for you


