Thread Title: No Contact Details Provided
Floor: #1
Post Time: 3rd June 2011, 09:21 PM
Poster ID: MelbNuts11
Post Title: 
 No Contact Details Provided
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: M****a

Establishment : An Oriental Flower

Date of Visit: May 2011

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: 

Hours of Business: 10-8

Rates: $65 for 1hr

Age: 30-35

Size/shape: Slim

Nationality or Ethnicity: Asian

Services Provided: Massage maybe T

Value for money/recommend?: Really weird experience so maybe

My experience/comments: 


Gents,

Been a while since I last posted a punt. I took the lead and found this place and also saw it on Monday Hunday. Apparently just opened. Looks like a legitimate set-up. Has a website and everything. 

Turned up to this joint and met young PRC lady at the door. This place has three rooms on the left of a hallway and a stairwell at the end. I let her know I want an hour massage and I hand over $65. She says something in mandarin and another appears from the second room. The second girl leads me to the third room and in very bad English tells me to undress and lie face down. She leaves the room while I get ready. Quick check of the room reveals the usual baby oil and tissues. 

In she comes. Asks what type I want. I say medium. She apologises for her hair being a mess. WTF? What starts is an okay chinese massage. Dry first then oil. She appeared quite shy, and has these really geeky glasses on. She tries to talk but i can't understand what she is saying. I speak mandarin but didn't let her know that as I like to pick up on what they say to each other.

Anyway she is massaging me and rubbing her crotch against my arms and my head. Then she gets up on the table and sits on my back and keeps massaging. She gets down and again sneakily rubbbing her crotch against my feet. I'm thinking this punt will end in something at least. 

She then climbs up on the bench again this time from my head end and has feet either side of my head. I can feel her pussy hovering over my head and then she asks if this is ok. She rubs and tickles the balls and my ass. I look up and there is ten minutes left. She makes no further attempt to engage the gearstick. So I roll over. She jumps off and I ask for the end product. She says they don't do this here. I thinking WTF? You just had the jatz in your hands and been rubbing your V over me like some itchy grizzly bear on a tree. I negotiate a tip and get refused because they are new. She says she will get hot towels to clean me up! Jesus! 

This is the most weird part of this experience. When I rolled over she is not talking to me, she is talking to my old mate which is in between half mast and full sail with the moistness you get when you body is getting excited. I go to roll back on my front and she stops me and grabs a tissue to wipe the droplets that are forming. How crazy is this! BEWARE. I figure this was because they don't change the towels. 

Anyway. i get wiped over. And get off the table to get undressed. Then she has the cheek to ask if I want a loyalty card. WTF? I say no. And go to leave. The bird at reception hands me a loyalty card with M****a's name in one of the squares (You know like the free coffee cards). I reckon this is to weed out the fuzz and try to tempt punters back. This whole experience was just too weird to be a legit operation. Anyway the card has a website on it. 

Apparently there are other stores in the road with acacias in a suburb close by, out on the road with springs out further east and in the suburb of oaks. 

WIR? I am gonna have to. This experience was just too weird and I think they were checking out f I was a punter as much as i was checking out if they offered extras. 

Sorry about the long review but I just have to let you know what to expect. Give it a go. Apparently opens at the usual massage times closing at 8.

MN11.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 4th June 2011, 11:07 AM
Poster ID: iceman
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
hey melb nuts, where is this place, if not here post me as it sounds like rather interesting.


