Thread Title: Nova Thai Massage - 29 Heatherdale Rd, Ringwood - 03 9873 7287
Floor: #1
Post Time: 28th June 2012, 01:36 PM
Poster ID: dmac43
Post Title: 
 Nova Thai Massage - 29 Heatherdale Rd, Ringwood - 03 9873 7287
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : King

Establishment : Nova Thai
Date of Visit : June 2012

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : [COLOR=#417394]9873[/COLOR] 7287
Hours of Business : Varies

Rates : $55 for 60 minutes (opening special)

Age : mid 20's

Size/shape : Slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Oil massage, 

Value for money/recommend? : For a massage yes but no extra's 

My experience/comments : 

Saw they were advertising on Gumtree, no reviews here so thought I'd check it out. Agreed to see King, had the option of table of mattress. Chose Mattress thinking this is starting well. Entered room where 2 mattresses are on floor (Not good) Threw the birthday suit on and waited for King to return. She came in, covered with towel and procedded to give one of the best massages I've had, unfortunately thats all it was a massage. She climbs on you and manipulates each joint but definately no extras lads. We discussed other punters requesting for extras and she told me she tells them no and sends em down the road to Brothel.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 29th June 2012, 10:49 PM
Poster ID: BourbonBoy
Post Title: 
 NovaThai Massage Ringwood 9873 7287
				
Post Content: 
New place at 29 Heatherdale Rd, Ringwood. I notice that it has just been reviewed by another punter. 

As I said this place is new and has just been fitted out. I had the front room which has a massage table chairs and plenty of room for the masseuse to work in. Compared to outside it was very warm with the heaters going. Fresh towels on the table, nice aromas and relaxing music. First bad sign - where are the tissues????

I undress and get on the table. After a while Nicole enters and introduces herself. Second bad sign - she covers me with a towel. She starts the massage with a hot face washers massaging my feet. Then she slides the towel down past my butt, things are looking up. She applies plenty of oil, moves onto the table and proceeds with a top notch massage. Great hands which provided a quality medium massage. Then moved the towel to do my legs. She placed the towel between my legs thereby avoiding any tackle work. After this she used a warm face washer to remove the oil. This was very professional.

On the flip she moved the towel over me again and continued an excellent massage. With the towel raised substantially by my hard on I asked about extras and received a polite no.

If you want a quality massage it is worth a visit but based on my experience you will leave fully loaded looking for relief elsewhere.

Cheers


Floor: #3
Post Time: 11th September 2012, 09:53 AM
Poster ID: averonia
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Excellent deep tissue massage from Amy yesterday. $60 per hour. No extras provided or hinted at.
As described well by BourbonBoy
Owner (Aussie guy) present and chatty


