Thread Title: Oriental relax massage level Burke rd Camberwell
Floor: #1
Post Time: 15th April 2019, 11:22 PM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: 
 Oriental relax massage level Burke rd Camberwell
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Emma

Establishment : Oriental relax massage

Date of Visit : Mon 15/4/2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Level 1 941 Burke rd Camberwell.

Phone :03 98821396  0490092803

Hours of Business : 10am till 8.30pm 7 days

Rates : 50 for half plus 80 extra.

Age : 23

Size/shape : Size 7 b-cups long black hair, hairy pussy, around 5 foot.

Nationality or Ethnicity : China

Services Provided : Mutual massage and nude hj

Value for money/recommend? : Not bad, great service

My experience/comments :Passed this place a month ago in a work capacity, was in area thought i would take a look. Design of shop mirrors 3 sisters massage down road, only entry is facing other way.  Up creaky stairs, reception to the left,  lots of rooms, girls behind a curtain, out pops a youngish girl, alluring face, similar to couple old favs, coco-yoyo ex highbury, and wendy ex forever young.  Black loose dress, white sand shoes, small tattoo on thigh, no bra and hand shake very limp. Took a card, went to TAB, drew out 130 and returned for Emma the younger one, older women wearing pants was not for me.

Choose Emma purely on facial looks, largish nose, but it suited her.  Room next to reception, clean large, brown towels on table, no throw away cloth. Emma appeared very flat chested,and in dress a little stumpy build wise, but when she was naked later on, lovely ass cheeks, and nice b-cup breasts.Better body out of dress than in it.Perfect English too " Have i been here before?", " Yes", a lie, and a request for soft was met with poking and prodding in the neck region. " Would u like any other areas attended too?" Requested she do soft on hamstrings that keep getting twinges in.   More poking and prodding, before i asked to massage her.

Emma held out her hands and playfully said" more money".  I had budgeted for 80$, and gave her that amount, hoping it covered a nude hj, and it did.  The usual rubbing of her legs on guts and back, gorgeous black see through undies, visible ass crack, and visible pubes through the front, in fact a lot of hair, and an additional tattoo in the gut region.  She got up sat on guts and played with penis, not leaning forward, just basically dead weight on top of me.

My turn, she took off clothes applied some oil. HJ, slow and twisty motion, 1st highlight.  As she slowly wanked with mouth open, she then kissed my stomach and then gave me a catbath on stomach.I felt she may have given me a Bbbj, at this time, but did not ask. She then got up inside legs and gave a more twisty and increased grip while wanking,tried to blow me over her tits, but it just did not have the same feel.

2nd highlight, putting her back on table,allowed kissing around her neck, belly cheeks, she slowly wanks me as i stand close to her on the side. I took over as she ticked balls, as i started pulling faster, she grabbed that tissue underneath her, the one we put our penis over when we lie on guts, she placed it on her stomach, talked dirty" you have a lovely cock, your cock is getting hard etc". Seductive looks and her mouth open, i blew perfectly over the squarely placed tissue on her stomach.  A few tissues needed for cleanup, then we both got dressed.

Felt the session got better with Emma as time went on. Worried the tattoo's indicated a bitch, but she is really service orientated, and quite a nice girl.  She works here Mondays, and Fri and Sun on North rd East bentleigh shop, near cnr Poath rd, the one opposite BP, next to the Multinational shop. Recommend her for sure.


