Thread Title: Oriental Boronia Massage Health - (03) 9762 8881
Floor: #1
Post Time: 21st April 2017, 12:41 PM
Poster ID: Jassyhub2013
Post Title: 
 Oriental Boronia Massage Health - (03) 9762 8881
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Vicki

 Establishment : Oriental Boronia Massage Health

 Date of Visit : 17/04/2017

 Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 63/140 Boronia Rd, Boronia VIC 3155 (03) 9762 8881

 Hours of Business : 10am till 8pm

 Rates : $70 60min, $60 45min

 Age : looked 25 to me but I guess could be older

 Size/shape : C cup, slim

 Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

 Services Provided : Nude massage, handy and body slide

 Value for money/recommend? : Ok

 My experience/comments :

 Wandered into this establishement without a booking hoping for the best. There was no one at the front desk and just as I was about to ring the bell a young lady poped her head out of the second door massage room.
She asked if I wanted a massge and if I could wait 5 mins, so I said ok.
I took a seat and waited until she had finished up and reset the room, then she asked me to enter. She asked how long I wanted and I asked fo 1hr, she said ok then took my money and asked me to underes before she stepped out.
I stripped and onto the table. She came back after about 5mins and informed me she could only do 45mins as she had another booking. I asked what about the other girl but she said she was busy.
It was starting to look not so good but as I was already there I said ok.
She started the massage which was actually pretty good. I introduced myself after a bit and this is when she told me her name was Vivki. She seemd to have a nice personality and was friendly (after I learnt she was also playful!!)
I asked where she was from and she said Taiwan. She gave may back a good massage the only down side is that she uses a bit too much oil. She then started on my legs but not before giving me a slap on the arse and saying she liked it!! (I'm sure she says that to all her customers :-))
After this I felt game and asked if she does nude to which she replied later...
She finished my legs and started to strip off, she has a nice set of perky boobs and fairly large for a girl of her size which made me wonder if there were "enhanced". I commented on thier size, but she said she didn't think they were that big.
She then asked what I wanted and offered a body slide for $100. I  thought it was a bit steep so I just want for the nude handjob for $80.
She started to rub her body over me from a standing position and allowed me hands to wander over her. She grabbed the oil and lubbed my little brother up. She varied the pace and slowed down at times to extend the time and keep me on edge.
She leant over close to me so her boobd were close enough and I began to lick and such her titties, meanwhile my hand decended below till I found her wet patch.
She seemed to be enjoying the fun time as much as I was and soon enough I exploded over my stomach and her hand. She continued and milked me dry.
After this she cleand me up and she washed up herself. We still had a little time left so she offered to give me a head rub and finish the time up.
All in all it was a plesant expiereince and I might go back to see if there is more on offer.
She told me she works Mondays and also at another shop in Box Hill but could not tell me the address...(Her english was not that good mut ok..)
Jas


Floor: #2
Post Time: 13th March 2018, 11:34 AM
Poster ID: Jassyhub2013
Post Title: 
 Oriental Boronia Massage Health - Helen
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Helen


Establishment : Oriental Boronia Massage Health



Date of Visit : 27/02/2018



Contact Details/Address/Weblink : (03) 9762 8881, 3/140 Boronia Rd, Boronia VIC 3155



Hours of Business : 10am - 8pm



Rates : 1hr $70 plus extras



Age : 30 but could pass for 24-26



Size/shape : Size 8 and around b cup. Great body in my opinion.



Nationality or Ethnicity : Taiwan (Chinese)



Services Provided : Exchange Nude and HJ



Value for money/recommend? : Good IMHO



My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)
Was in the area around lunch time; called but no answer, so thought I would drop by to see if Helen was available anyway. Wandered in only to be met by another working lady I have had in the past who asked if I wanted a massage with a smile. I asked if Helen was working and she turned and called her name and walked off (bugger, hate it when that happens, but sometimes rosters change and two girls you have had end up working on he same day...).
Helen came out smiling and we arrange for 1 hour, into the room I pop, strip and onto the table.
Helen gives a good sensual massage with long flowing strokes. She uses good pressure and loosens up my muscles. After a while of this she starts to play with my sack and crack and I gently lift my butt to give her access below. She slowly reaches underneath and plays with my balls and reaches in for my hard shaft. She gently blows into my crack which adds a nice sensation. After a while of this I ask if she would like a massage which Helen politely accepts.
She strips to her nickers and places a new paper towel on the table. I massage her shoulder and back and move down to her ass and legs. I turn down her nickers a little to give me more access and she asks if I would like to remove them (of course I do) to which she give me the nod and off they come.
I massage her ass and legs (she comments I give a good massage) and then I switch to a more softer touch up and down her body a few times and then down below to check if she was moist between her legs (which she was).
My turn now and we switch back to me on the table and she oils up my little fella. Helen gives a slow but firm HJ and allows my access to her pussy for some mutual pleasure. She is very wet below which make me more horny. I try to hold on as long as I can as I want to see if she will climax also. But as the odds go no hope there and I shoot my load over her hand onto my stomach. Helen makes sure she cleans me up well and we both get dressed with some small chit/chat..
For me Helen has a cracker of a body. She is small framed around size 8, b cups and a thin waist leading to nice pear shaped hips and ass. Mate I would love to "bang" her. Alas a few times I have offered "daty" and extra she has always refused. You may be more lucky if which I'd love to know!!
Cheers
Jas


Floor: #3
Post Time: 2nd July 2018, 03:20 PM
Poster ID: Jassyhub2013
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Mimi

Establishment : Oriental Boronia Massage Health

Date of Visit : 08/06/2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 63/140 Boronia Rd, Boronia VIC 3155 (03) 9762 8881

Hours of Business : 10am till 8pm

Rates : $70 60min, $60 45min plus extras

Age : mid 20s, looked 25-26 to me but I guess could be older

Size/shape : C+ cup, solid build but not fat

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Nude massage, HJ & 69er

Value for money/recommend? : Great

My experience/comments :

Walked into this establishment without a booking looking for one of my old regulars.
There was no one at the front desk and just as I was about to ring the bell a young lady strolled out from the back of the shop and greeted me with a big smile on her face.
"You want massage"?
I quickly forgot about my "old faithful ML" and thought I would try out this new lovely.
"Sure, can you do 1hr I asked", she giggled and said yes no problem, money settled and into the room I go.
She started the massage which was actually pretty good. I introduced myself after a bit and she told me her name and said she is from Shanghai and her English was "so, so".
Of course I complimented her and said I thought it was great :-).
She seemed to have a nice bubbly personality and was friendly and playful and smacked me on the arse and said "You have sexy bum".
She massages lower after a while and started to wander near my sack and crack and giggled "You want extra"?
I asked if she does nude, but she didn't understand so I just said "You take off" and motioned to her clothes. She giggles and nods her head.
We agree to $80 extra and I get the cash and hand it over. She then strips to reveal a very nice perky set of C-D breast which she presents for me to play with.
She has a solid nice firm young woman's body and a "ribbon" tattoo running across her tummy from hip to hip below her belly button.
I ask her if it hurt when she got it and she nodded with a smile.
By this time little Jas is hard up and she notices this and leans over and takes me in her mouth. I thinking "fantastic BBBJ and I didn't even ask".
I reach out to rub her arse and she positions herself so I can rub her pussy as well. I can feel her becoming wet and ask for daty.
She repositions herself and climbs onto the table with me in 69 position.
She then proceeds to give a firm BBBJ using her hand and mouth and takes me in all the way, while in turn I go to town on her very nice tasting pussy.
I try to hold on as long as I can but before long I let her know I'm about to cum. She just continues and takes the full load in her mouth, meanwhile grinding her pussy into my face and making 'mmm' sounds.
All finished she climbs off the table and spits the results into a tissue.
She says "you wait I come back" She disappears for a moment and comes back with a warm bucket of water and a face washer and proceeds to clean me up.
We still have a few minutes left so she offers me a head rub which I accept.
All in all a great session with her for a first time and I will be definitely be back to see if there is anything else on offer.
Cheers

Jas


Floor: #4
Post Time: 3rd December 2019, 12:14 PM
Poster ID: Jassyhub2013
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Anyone know what happened to Helen that used to work at this shop?
I think this shop has been sold by the old owner and all the girls seemed to have moved on...


Floor: #5
Post Time: 10th February 2020, 11:24 PM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
If anybody is looking for a girl who is healthy,who has not been back to China, try Alice at 141 Boronia rd Boronia. She works alone on the days she works,so she is not having contact with any other working girls, usually mon tues thurs sat and sun. She is bubbly and worth seeing.


