Thread Title: Private apartment hawthorn
Floor: #1
Post Time: 7th April 2016, 05:55 PM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: 
 Private apartment hawthorn
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Yoyo

Establishment : Private apartment 

 Date of Visit : 7/4/16

 Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0420239997  ............ hawthorn, off burwood hwy   text for room number.
Hours of Business : 10 am till what 8pm?

Rates : 120$ fs

Age : 25

Size/shape : 8-10 podgy c-cups

 Nationality or Ethnicity : prc

 Services Provided : touching and intercourse

Value for money/recommend? : maybe In time value, clinical actress, but she made me laugh

My experience/comments : New shop found by ausmann.  Got the number, sent them text, was told to come to this address. Arrived around 11.30am took a while to get buzzed up. Met yoyo who was reviewed by ausmann.  Nice face, hair tied back, but was told busy for 45 mins. Silver short dress, I decided to go for a walk, and headed through a tunnel, and ended up at old Glenferrie football ground.

When I came back, they didn't buzz me, so I made a call, and a young Asian man answered.  I was soon buzzed up, He was not present on my arrival, and I soon learnt he was operating this shop from a far. Maybe there box hill shop I wasn't sent too.  Yoyo was my booking.  She asked me if I was here for massage or more, and I asked for fs, she quoted 120$ and I accepted.  I heard 2 girl talking as I was in room, and gathered both were pretty busy.

She asked me " you been here before?"  A question I liken to " do u have any experience"?,when going for job interview, and I lied and said I saw gina at box hill shop.

When yoyo returned, she gave me a bit of a bum massage without oil, and it was pretty crap. I asked her onto the table, and gave her legs a massage. The minute I touched her, the fake moaning, and carrying on started an I love girls who do this. Blue knickers and silver dress soon removed, she lied back down on back, while I kissed her neck. Everytime I went to kiss the lips she turned her head.  She has an amazing smile, her teeth are very visable and there heaps of them, and her top gum was quite visable, and she just turned me on this girl.   I kissed her belly button and she laughed.  Her breasts cover a large chunk of her chest, and she has small suckable nipples.  The size of the breasts are not overly pronounced, even though they seem big.  After a bit of a nibble on her nipples, I kissed the higher part of her right leg.  She immediately told me no licking of puddy.

She had massive growth of pubic hair.  Her legs were clenched together as I tried to seduce her, and I felt this was not a good sign.  Even when I tried to rub her clit the legs would not open.  She then reached under table, and wanted to hurry up session. A four seasons condom suggests, this is more of a brothel than rnt, most of these fs joint carry them. She refused to suck me.  I was disappointed, and tried again.  She layed across the table, and sat up a bit, and I thought sucky, no applied the lube, and guided me in.   As I slowly pumped her, the moaning and "baby "lines were doing it for me.  A few times, I had to stop to prevent cuming, she asked "are u ok " a few times.  I would lean over to kiss her lips, and she leaned her head back, so I kissed her chin.

Onto the table long ways this time, I ploughed her slowly again in missionary. The sight of many of her cute teeth sticking out and top gum, moaning, I just had to stop. I requested doggy, and knew I would not last.  Inserted pumping away for around 30 seconds, the sight of her ugly looking ass crack, pushed me into an orgasm.

Soon after we both walked into the other empty room, and she forced me to have a shower with her.  Yoyo has a cuddly body, and while she washed me and her, I just rubbed my hands all over her.  The other girl was in the waiting room, a tattoo on her shoulder, not as appealing for me, probably around 25 too.  The shower head was similar to the one cramer used in that  Seinfeld,episode where the water rushed out at high speed, god it was big.  I would return to this shop for sure, maybe to see Yoyo, but maybe on a weekend, they may have some 20-21 year olds.  I would also like to sample there box hill shop, if they send me there next time.  

120$ for fs without oral ,maybe an issue for some, but I reckon a shop like this offering intercourse in an apartment location on a massage table, will keep me interested for some time.


