Thread Title: Rainbow Massage - Heathmont - 0405 841 198
Floor: #1
Post Time: 3rd October 2016, 01:25 AM
Poster ID: Lethal
Post Title: 
 Rainbow Massage - Heathmont - 0405 841 198
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name :   Monica

Establishment :   Rainbow Massage

Date of Visit :   28/09/2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :   109 Canterbury Road, Heathmont. 
                                                     0405 841198

Hours of Business :   10am-8pm. 7 days a week

Rates :   $70-60 minutes

Age :   29

Size/shape :  12-14. A cups

Nationality or Ethnicity :   Taiwanese

Services Provided :   Massage and extras

Value for money/recommend? :   Maybe

My experience:

After attending a meeting with my solicitor, we walked outside and he said I looked a trifle stressed, while pointing across Canterbury Rd. There was a large massage sign that I had never seen before, so took a stroll, climbed the steep stairs and entered a well appointed shop that smelt clean and looked very new. The mamasan welcomed me and offered the end room, after agreeing on an hour. Rooms are a nice size, with a box supplied for your clothes, etc, with clean towels on the table...impressive start. 

As as I was removing my jocks in walked my masseuse...Monica, from Eley Road, who impressed Brauny so much. Tall girl, very curvy to chunky...lady loveachat !! She was very inquisitive especially when I asked if she worked at Eley Rd., to which I answered that I had been to see Angela one Saturday, and happened to spy her as I left. She laughed, saying she leaves impressions on most men...hmmm...not quite that much on me. After a bit more of this crap, the massage began which wasn't too bad as she kneaded the knotted areas and worked her way down to the hamstrings, calves, crack and sack...using her nails lightly and then reaching under to grab a handful of cock...slowly, gently caressing the hardened member.

Monica asked me to flip and suggested $50 for clothes off and touching. I wasn't too fussed but agreed and she took off her tight black dress, too reveal A cups and a tight pair of boxer shorts...I motioned for those to be removed however it was period time, but if you return next week I will give you something very special. Being in no mood for pandering to a conniving bitch, I requested that she get on with the relief as I had an appointment soon. Monica tried to soften the mood by leaning over for me to suck on her boobs with her licking and sucking on my nipples, so I suggested it would be nice if she licked my balls...another $50 thanks. So I glanced at the clock and said oh shit, I'm late. Wiped myself with a clean towel, dressed and flew out the door.

I'm not totally blaming Monica for a shit session, as it may have been my mood and my growing distaste of mls who are trying to fleece the punter at every turn. I'm of the view that trying new places is turning into a chore, and I would rather attend Highbury Rd., 83 Johnston St., etc, where you don't get women with inflated egos, and get a decent service for your $50...nude, touching, relief and a bbbj thrown in for regulars !! By the way, I did pay Monica $50 before departing and while there learnt that this shop is aligned to a shop in South Yarra and Prahran.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 3rd October 2016, 11:27 AM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Yes Lethal, even in the presence of a lawyer, and u had no intentions of looking for one, u can find a massage shop, it never ends..  Nice to read another review of Monica, even if it was not the best. I believe i was very lucky, she let me go down on her now.  You being turned off by the fleecing is why we hardly get an rnt review anymore.  People are giving up.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 7th October 2016, 10:02 AM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I had a look at this place the week after Lethals visit, and Monica was not there unfortunately. There's always Eley rd Saturday to seek her out again.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 9th November 2016, 12:04 AM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I popped in today this tues,20mins after opening time, and monica from 159a eley rd blackburn south was there. The boss called her and she popped around behind the barrier in the waiting area. Its amazing how no makeup on a girl, can make her look ordinary. A member on a rival site, told me, she had a boyfriend now, and had ceased there usual bbbj at eley rd, so i quizzed her on the boyfriend, as i had given her some daty 5 weeks ago there. She denied having a boyfriend. She was not quick to come out behind the screen with no makeup on, and i now know why. She is worth seeing, at eley rd with makeup on .


Floor: #5
Post Time: 10th December 2016, 07:28 PM
Poster ID: arranger62
Post Title: 
 Kikki - Sensual Lomilomi Relaxation Amazing Massage In Heathmont  - 0405 841 198
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Kikki

Establishment : Sensual Lomilomi Relaxation Amazing Massage In Heathmont

Date of Visit : Dec 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : ?? Sensual Lomilomi Relaxation Amazing Massage In Heathmont - Melbourne therapeutic massage - cracker.com.au

Hours of Business : unsure

Rates : 30 mins $40
45 mins $60
60 mins $70
90 mins $110

Age : unsure - late 20's?

Size/shape : short! slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Taiwanese

Services Provided : massage HJ

Value for money/recommend? : yes

My experience/comments : This place is upstairs in the main shopping strip. As I entered the establishment I got a glimpse of a young asian lady in a tight white top with a nice looking pair ducking for cover behind the screen. Massaman came to the desk. She was older asian lady and I thought I would even give her a go if I had to. Usual questions about how long etc. i often just go 1/2 hr when trying a new place so as not to waste time and money on a dead punt. Only girl available was Kiki (who I assumed was the disappearing girl I spotted) so went into the clean and tidy room. Had the look of an old 70's office but the towels looked clean. I disrobed and went the full monty putting the rolled up modesty towel under the table. Kiki came in and she was not the girl I had seen. She was less than 5' tall but nicely shaped, short black hair and a big smile. Put my $10 change on my clothes and then then asked about soft, medium or firm. I opted for medium with some soft. Kiki gave me a very nice back massage, getting into some sore spots, worked the flutes nicely and then the legs. Some soft work around the crack with a bit of sack brushing was great. Then the flip but with having the hot towel wash down before the flip, all that sensual work had gone to waste. Never mind, a nice stomach and chest massage got the blood pumping again. Kiki declared there was 5 min left and did I want anywhere else massaged? I pointed to the obvious and she nodded OK. I asked how much and she just shrugged and said "how much you like". She did a very skilful job and I was able to get my hand under her loose shorts and play with her ass. She resisted my attempts to get near the boobs. Eventually the climatic part came and I had the warm towels again. Gave her a nice tip on the way out and out the door with a smile!


Floor: #6
Post Time: 24th February 2018, 06:44 PM
Poster ID: sucxxx
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Milan

Establishment : 109 Canterbury Rd, Heathmont

Date of Visit : Feb 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0405841198

Hours of Business : 10am-8pm

Rates : $40 for 30min massage

Age : early 20

Size/shape : 6

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : crap massage

Value for money/recommend? Nah

it's just another Chinese joint with young untrained ladies working for easy extra cash. Never stop yawning during entire session and keep watching clock every 2 minutes.
She seemed trying to make it sensual but it was going nowhere and she must felt it so didn't even bother to offer anything extra.
The only silver lining here is the low base charge made this less painful.


