Thread Title: Saba Massage - Bulleen Plaza - 03 9972 7585
Floor: #1
Post Time: 28th February 2018, 08:42 AM
Poster ID: Frontloader
Post Title: 
 Saba Massage - Bulleen Plaza - 03 9972 7585
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Nancy
Establishment : Saba Massage Shop 35B Bulleen Plaza
Date of Visit : February 2018
Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 03 9972 7585,  0406 556 866
https://m.facebook.com/bulleenplazas...29935707080035


Hours of Business : 10am - 9pm
Rates : $50/30,  $80/60
Age : 40
Size/shape : slim with curves
Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai
Services Provided : Massage (senual), BBBJ, DATY, 
Value for money/recommend? : Just


Read the review put up by 6auldv8 in Bronze and it peaked my interest.... Shopping centre sex while the minions walk past going about their shopping. Well as it turned out Saba isn't quite in the shopping centre it is located on the outside of the building, west side, ground level facing the car park hence entry is a little more discrete. 
The shop set up and rooms are clean, presentable and on the upmarket side of massage shops. The massage tables are quite wide and padded and towels new. There is a bathroom but no shower.


On entry I was met by a chinese girl (~30) with little english but was saved by another taller ML who came from another room... This was Nancy as it turned out, and her english was excellent with no problem with communication. She was available so I stayed. 1 hour $80.


Into the room and stripped. I wasn't as bold as 6auldv8 as that is something that I just don't ask for at shops such as this, instead I was onto the table and let Nancy do her thing. 


But onto Nancy..... She is very good an sensual bum crack and dick glide by's - which occurred within the first few minutes. No problem with my hand up her dress, but baulked at fingers inside panties. Massage part was 15-20 min.. Dry towel clean up and flip at 35 min to go. Some negotiation around nude for $100, I said $50 and she upped it with BBBJ for $100. I said only had $70 and no more and she said I can get more for the ATM. Point of reference - she has been here for 2 months and thinks everyone here is rich. 
I said ok, but really I wasn't, but would consider giving it to her next time if she opened up. She didn't. Touching pussy was mostly off limits and no DATY ... But see later. 


Nancy strips - IMO Nancy is about 40, maybe a bit over, nicely featured, 5'5, slim with some curves but her skin is starting to get the soft old chook feeling - no longer taught. Wispy pussy hair and bald beneath, and yes, a couple of tats. Boobs are enhanced C's, quite hard. 


Nancy can suck dick like there's no tomorrow. Deep back of throat with suction like a bagless Dyson. I still had 35 minutes on the clock so I didn't want to blow. I achieved some early DFK and initially she just put her tongue out but I eventually got her to respond more naturally. A second attempt later was rebuked. Tried to get her onto the table, she sat but didn't lie down and then I ended up back on the table with her sitting up across my lap but she wouldn't sit on my cock. She proceeeded to tell me about hygiene and if a girl touches me and then I touch another girl it is not good.... And so it went on... Hence DATY was also off the table. Tried get her to lean forward to no avail... I gave up. She was standing next to me by now working away at roger but I threw in the towel. Said we can finish and to clean me up. She seemed ok with that and I expect bc she thought she was getting $100. She wasn't by now. 


Cleaned up, she dressed and we chatted and she is quite engaging. Looked at the clock and I saw there was still 10 minutes to go and asked how about finishing the blowie.. Surprisingly she said ok. Starts to suck and she said there wasn't long left so I suggested that if she gets on in 69 for a lick I would finsh much faster.. To my surprise she agreed - so much for for her hygiene lecture. Whipped her panties off and up she came and planted her pussy on my mouth - and off we went and over the line I went. Wasn't quite CiM as she pulled back and jacked me to completion.. 


Clean up, paid $70 and she said I could give it to her next time (mmm).


Certainly wouldn't pay $150 for FS as no real DFK GFE moment I likely won't return. Pity, I quite like talking with her. 
It would seem YMMV with $'s paid.


The shop being under shopping centre management I suspect as soon as word gets out, so will she.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 14th March 2019, 04:35 PM
Poster ID: cl-dean
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Nancy

Establishment : Little Lemon Massage (was Saba)

Date of Visit : March 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 35B, Bulleen Plaza

Phone : (03) 8596 0797; 0423 566 669 (note new phone numbers)

Hours of Business : 7 days 10-8

Rates : $50 / 30 mins

Age : 40s I would imagine

Size/shape : Tall, slim but with extra skin from either kids or weight loss surgery, bolt ons

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Nude massage, HJ, DATY, BBBJ, DT, pussy slide

Value for money/recommend? : Dunno. Maybe. Only for the BJ and pussy slide.

My experience/comments : 

I was going to be in the Bulleen area so did some research here. Nancy seemed to offer everything I was after, so I dropped in on the off chance she was free. She wasn't; but would be in 15 minutes. Nip upstairs, grab a coffee, and return. The place is very nicely furnished, and she showed me into a room and asked me to undress. She pops out to get a bucket of hot water and towels. When she returns, I ask her about extras, to use her words, "no way, no boom boom." We ended up chatting about it afterwards, and she is adamant that she's never offered FS there (wthether that's a technicalailty with the name change I don't know, but there was no budging her on this).

What I did get, however, was an extremely sensual BBBJ with genuine deep throat. My word. Fucking awesome. This continued in the 69 position and then she climbed on top of me, oiled me up, and gave an expert pussy slide. At one stage I thought I was in, but no. She then hopped off and started to clean me up. WTF, I said, I haven't cum yet. She laughed; she'd felt the oil on my cock on her back and thought I'd cum. Business resumed, and a satisfactory ending was had.

She's got a decent body and rack (even if fake). English is very good, and she's got a great sense of humour. Extremely sensual. But for $150 all up, there is better VfM elsewhere. I'm hardly ever in that area, so unlikely to return. Shame about the lack of FS. I reckon she'd go off like a firecracker.

Dean.


