Floor: #1
Post Time: 4th May 2011, 03:22 PM
Poster ID: golferrob
Post Title: 
 Surrey Hills - 0411 290 487 / 0435 905 245
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: April

Establishment : Priv house

Date of Visit: marh 15th 2011

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: local paper

Hours of Business: 10am-7pm

Rates: $70hr

Age:25

Size/shape:thin, size 10-12

Nationality or Ethnicity:Asain

Services Provided: Rub n Tug

Value for money/recommend?: yes

My experience/comments: Rang a number in local paper on a spur of the moment, was told to come  by. The place looked like a dump on the outside, it was on Whithorse Rd. Once inside it was not much better but the room was clean and warm (almost too warm). I went in for a massage and was told to get ondressed and lay down. When she came back there was no talk of extas or anything so I wa snot sure what I wa in for. But she stripped and began a nice massage (option or hard or soft). Told to roll over, no towel offered to cover up and she simply massaged her way down and then began nioce hand job, followed by a blow job. Over all a ggreat expereince. I went back two days later a different lady was on and all I got was a massage, when aI asked about extras she said I was too tense and really needed just a massage???


Floor: #2
Post Time: 5th May 2011, 12:56 PM
Poster ID: golferrob
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hey, The Phone Number for the place is 0411 290 487, 0435 905 245, the address is [incorrect street address removed]Surrey hills

cheers

Golferrob


Floor: #3
Post Time: 6th May 2011, 07:19 AM
Poster ID: Rodine
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks for the review Rob! Any idea how old they might have been?


Floor: #4
Post Time: 11th May 2011, 07:47 PM
Poster ID: kazuya
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name: NA

Establishment : Priv house

Date of Visit: 11 May 2011

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: from above post

Hours of Business: NA

Rates: $70 half hour/ $ 120 hour

Age:around 40s

Size/shape: old, avg

Nationality or Ethnicity:Asain

Services Provided: Rub n Tug

Value for money/recommend?: No 

My experience/comments: Called on a cold day. A guy answered. Made an appointment. Went there. Old lady showed the room. Massage was ordinary crap. OK Than flip over. Very quickly massage on chest and then straight for HJ. Very rushed job, and as soon as I came while cleaning up she said thank you and see you next week. I said its not half an hour and still 10 min to go. She said no only 5 min to go. She leaves the room. Washes her hand comes back and rubs my shoulders for a minute and that's it. Killed my mood. I like the whole experience of having good massage with a tug.Any place you guys reckon that provides even just good massage?


Floor: #5
Post Time: 17th May 2011, 07:34 AM
Poster ID: sirkingston1
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name: name was Kathy, but with Accent unfortunately comes out as 'Gladdy' 

Establishmentrivate house in Box Hill Melb

Contact Details/Address:0411290487

Hours of Business:10 til 8pm

Prices:$70 nude massage half hour, extra possibly available

Age:about 25

Size/shape:slim but not perfect, great breasts

Nationality or Ethnicity:claimed Jap but I think some Chinese in there too

Services:massage plus

Value for money/recommend?:regular if familiar with this sort of service

My experience/comments: visited March 2011,  house set up so nothing glamorous, therefore massage table in a room crummy carpet, shelf with couple of towels etc. Parking a little hard as house in on the main street.
Massage firm, then fun arrives, allowed to lick p whilst getting HandJ, nice 'groans' from girl to keep you motivated. Will go back but would like a place a little better environment.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 23rd May 2011, 11:40 AM
Poster ID: Rodine
Post Title: 
 Massage with Lucy!
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Lucy?

Establishment : As above

Date of Visit: 12/5

Contact Details/Address/Weblink:

Hours of Business: Unsure

Rates: $70 for 30mins/Nude

Age: 26

Size/shape: Slim

Nationality or Ethnicity: PRC

Services Provided: RnT Massage

Value for money/recommend?: Definitely!

My experience/comments: 

Was a slow week last week and had back to back meeting on Wednesday just past which left me well and truly drained, so I decided I needed a nightcap on the way home from the office.
I had read a review about a newish establishment in Surrey Hills so I decided to do a drive past first to check it out, then call. I never book a place I haven't seen first for security and publicity reasons. This can work for or against especially if you drive out to a place in the burbs and once happy with it location wise, you ring and they aren't available!
I parked in a side street after dark and called their number and spoke with a lady who said I was welcome to come 'now', so I said i'd be there in 5mins, and strolled around.

Walked up the driveway and rang the bell. A 55+ asian lady opened the door with not much in the looks or body department and my heart sank. Oh well, i'd already comitted to getting one away, so walked in with my head down. She ushered me to a room and told me to undress, and she left the room.
The room was toasty warm which perked up my spirits considerably after some recent punts, and I started stripping off. 15 seconds later there was a knock at the door and a 'younger' voice called out 'hello?' and in walked a very very cute asian girl with a cheeky smile once she saw me.

THANK GOD! I thought, I must have met the mamasan at the door so this was a masseuse! She took my $70 for 30mins, and I quickly disrobed and jumped on the table.
She removed her clothes down to her birthday suit and what a nice suit it was, very slim and flawless skin with smallish breasts and a neat landing strip, I was very happy about the new situation!

She chatted happily during the massage making the usual conversations one has with a nude oriental rubbing your body with anticipation building south of the border.
Everytime I made her laugh, she would lean in and give me a little kiss on the cheek which I thought was very cute and carried on for the massage.

Half time arrived and she asked me to flip and I did so. She smiled knowingly at my proud member looking up at her with an ever so slight throb and poured some oil on it and began to work her magic.
I was in heaven and her smile was mesmerising. She was easily one of the prettiest RnT girls i've seen in the last 3 months and after 5 mins, I asked me she would hop up on the table 69 style whilst working me. She was a little coy at first, but after some coaxing, hopped up on top and lowered that pretty clamshell over my face.
I lasted about 30 seconds, before extending my tongue and starting some tasty DATY on her whilst she rubbed away downstairs! After another 5 mins, it was time for me to shoot for the stars and I did so with some exemplary muzzle velocity!
She slowly climbed off with a smile and began to clean me up whilst chatting away happily about me and what I do etc.

She was cheeky enough to mention that if i'd continued what I was doing for another 2 mins she would have crossed the line also which I was disappointed about as that was my aim, but I assured her i'd be back to see her again next week, to which she made me promise to adhere to it.
I asked her name when i'd first entered the room and by the end I couldn't remember, but it was Lucy or Nancy or something with two syllabels in it? I will check that.

Great experience, genuinely happy girl with great english, very pretty and enthusiastic. What more can a man ask for? I'll be back!


