Thread Title: Thai Massage - Canterbury - 0481 315 999
Floor: #1
Post Time: 25th February 2020, 04:33 PM
Poster ID: Alternate 75
Post Title: 
 Thai Massage - Canterbury - 0481 315 999
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Luby

Establishment : Thai Massage

Date of Visit : 25/02/2020

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 241 Canterbury Road, Canterbury

Phone :0481 315 999

Hours of Business : 10am till late

Rates : $50 for 30min, $50 for BBBJ (after negotiation) 

Age : late 20's

Size/shape : about 166cm tall, C Cups, curvy, not fat - observed through clothes

Nationality or Ethnicity : PRC Chinese

Services Provided : Massage, BBBJ

Value for money/recommend? : ok - great BBBJ but tried to rip me off

My experience/comments : I had heard good things about this place but when I showed up the girl I was looking for wasn't working today so I though what the hec Luby looks nice, good figure nice boobs hanging out of her top so off we went.

I paid her the $50 and got undressed and she came in and started the massage - Usual questions soft or hard, oil or no oil and so she used a bit of oil and spent 15 minutes massaging my back.  I tried to make conversation with her but gave up as she didn't want to talk much.  Wiped off the oil and started the usual light arse ball play.

Asked me to flip over and saw little head standing at attention and said you want blow job.  I said yes please and she said $50 for covered, $100 for BBBJ.  I said no $50 is going rate, she countered with $80 but I held my ground and started to get up off the table and she then decided that something was better than nothing. She looked at me and said don't cum in my mouth.  She started cleaning up little head with wipes and away she went like a stream train, no teeth contact, occasionally going all the way down (which is not far) on my shaft.  This high speed action which i enjoyed got me going faster than I wanted and so I started to play with her boobs and then tried to get in her undies.  She had very tight gym suit on underneath her dress which was to prevent punters getting in - however I got a finger in and she was wet.  This was too much now and I gave her the heads up tap and blew as soon as her mouth came off.

She cleaned me up, and then went through a surgical procedure to clean her mouth with sprays and mouthwashes. 

Massage was good, blowjob was good, attitude to rip me off was a mood killer, fully clothed didn't  really do it for me.

WIR: only if i was in the area but better options available elsewhere - Might try someone else as she only works Tuesdays.


