Floor: #1
Post Time: 12th October 2017, 12:57 PM
Poster ID: Frontloader
Post Title: 
 Tina - 4/1527 Burwood highway Tecoma, VIC. 0406 616 699  ph: 0406 616 699
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Tina

Establishment : Relaxation Massage 

Date of Visit : October 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 4/1527 Burwood highway Tecoma, vic.  0406 616 699
http://melbourne.locanto.com.au/ID_1...in-tecoma.html

Hours of Business : 10am - 8pm

Rates : $70 for 60 mins (later reduced to 45 min for $60), extras $70

Age : mid/late 20's

Size/shape : Plus size girl (16)

Nationality or Ethnicity : Taiwanese

Services Provided : Massage, DATY, nude, HJ, DFK

Value for money/recommend? : was ok but not again for Tina.

went to this place with the intention of seeing Joy who was recently reviewed by Haggis. Joy was reported to be a 30 something curvy Thai horn bag which is right down my ally. Made the call and Joy answered, Established that she and a girl nana were working and said I'd be in later in the morning. Got to Tecoma and went into the shop. Girl emerges from a room (Anne) and I ask for Joy. No joy here. She gets her phone, makes a call and hands it to me. It is Joy on the other end - she is working at their Oakleigh South shop - but phone covers both shops. Fuck. No Joy for me. She asked me to  wait till other ML finishes. Ok. I wait a very long time...... Meanwhile joy travels back to Tecoma and meets me in massage room (I had waited 30 min and was about to walk) I think she brought a new ML with her. Joy is very apologetic, leans in and kisses and gropes me. I responded with some touch ups of my own. Not surprisingly she talked me into staying and hands me off to the unseen ML. 
I am a schmuck. 

New ML enters, oooo very big girl, nice smile, big boobs, short dress. More boxes ticked than crossed so I continued. Strip while she stays, onto table, nice short massage starts and she is tall enough to reach from the head of the table to deep into my arse cheeks (tick), after 10 minutes moves to the side of table and she does back arse and leg massage with some work on the nads (tick), she allows me to play with her arse and pussy under her dress (tick, tick). We are probaby 20 minutes and I roll over and sit up. She askes if I want HJ and nude. Ok (tick). That'll be $100 (cross), I said too high and they are more like city prices (where she had previously worked) offered $50, she countered with$80, I went with $70. Deal done. And off it came. C/D cups with some sag and medium size dark nipples which protrude proudly. Big overhanging stomach and a very hairy pussy which was in dire need of a trim. We kiss, lips at first, then a little tongue and finally a full on pash (DFK). To Tina's credit she is good at this, nice soft tongue action without a full on assult of my mouth. I ask her onto the table and on she gets - face up (tick), more kissing, sucking of boobs and nipples which she seems to enjoy as I work my niblle lips and tongue down to her minge. She likes the action and moans. I move to the end of the table and back to her pussy and it looks even hairier and bigger from this aspect. In I go again and discover her pussy is quite pudgey but I soon part her lips and work my tongue over her clitoral shaft and lips - after 5 minutes she starts to go off. I did at one point go for fingers in but she stopped me and said more money, so I didn't bother. Anyway she cums and shakes uncontrollably for a few minutes, even afer I had disengaged my mouth and was hugging her.
After a few minutes we switch but the magic had gone, she stayed nude but moved down to the end of the table so it was difficult to touch her as she attempted the jackhammer, unfortunately she must have also killed chickens by strangulation in another life because that's what she was doing to my cock. I asked her to ease up and eventually got across the line. By this time she was clock watching and we were 40 minutes in. A minor clean up with wet wipes and. She said she had another customer. I requested a $10 disciunt on being 15 minutes short - accepted, just as well as I was more than happy to go.

All in all an ok punt with some reservation. I will travel to see Joy one day as she is one sexy MILFy unit which I feel I have to have a spin with at least once. However, not for Tina any time soon.

Room was the first one, large, neat, tidy, clean towls on shelves. Good set up. No shower. Parking off the main street in front of shop.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 12th October 2017, 02:38 PM
Poster ID: robot
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Went past this place yesterday to try it out. There was way too much traffic out front due to the takeaway shop next door. Couldn't do the walk of shame lol

Went down the road to Belgrave but the lady there didnt do it for me so called it a night and went home.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 13th October 2017, 08:56 AM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
The add says best massage in Tecoma, u would have to believe its the only one in Tecoma


