Thread Title: Traditional Chinese Massage - East Burwood - VIC - 03 8806 7864
Floor: #1
Post Time: 15th January 2016, 08:40 AM
Poster ID: Wollee
Post Title: 
 Traditional Chinese Massage - East Burwood - VIC - 03 8806 7864
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Eva

Establishment : Traditional Chinese Massage 

Date of Visit : 2nd January 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 11 Sevenoaks Rd East Burwood 3151 Tel 8806 7864

Hours of Business : 10.00 am till 8.00pm 7 Days

 Rates : $50 for 30 minutes plus Extras

Age : 25

Size/shape : Large Build 16-18

Nationality or Ethnicity : Taiwanese

Services Provided : Massage and Topless Tug

Value for money/recommend? : No


My experience/comments : Not proud of this punt and am only reviewing to let others know of my stupidity.

Decided to check out this venue as it was mentioned in another posters review of a shop in the same street, in fact 2 door away. Entered a very modern and clean shop and was met at reception by an attractive, well dressed Asian MILF. Asked how long I wanted, took the 30 minute option and handed over $50. She took me to a well large appointed room, with nice furniture, a traditional wall clock hanging above the massage table and a chair in the corner. I asked the woman's name and she replied Amanda. As I stripped, she arranged the towels on the table and then left. I the got onto the table and awaited her return.

Then there was a knock on the door and in came a large sized girl, about size 16-18. I said that I was waiting for Amanda to return, but Eva (the large girl) said that she was doing the massage. I said no, but she implored me for her to do the job. I will give you a good time she said. Yeah, OK, well let's do it. She then started a competent massage, and gave me the "you have such a tight body, my fingers are dancing on your skin"'. Well now I have heard it all.

As she continued the massage, she then said "my fingers are getting naughty" and started some crac and sac action. Yeah ok, so I lifted my lower body for her to be even more naughty. She went and got a warm towel to clean the oil before she asked me to roll over

Immediately she went for the old fella and offered extras. $30 for a HJ, $50 for nude. Honestly, I was not up to see her nude so I countered with $40 for topless, to which she agreed. This was also another mistake on my part. Once she removed her bra, her breasts sagged and as I sucked on her nipples she back away and said that she was ticklish. Duh...that ended that.

I then lay back and thought of all things OTHER than getting a HJ. It took a while, she worked hard, fingers in my crac, one hand, two hands and finally she got there. Even I thought,at last. Again, she got a warm towel clean up and I dressed and was out of there. She works Wed and Sat.

What pissed me off and it was my own stupid fault...I got duded by a well dressed, attractive, mature Asian woman who duped me into thinking she was going to have her way with my "tight body"  and I got suckered into having a massage with a girl that I would normally wave away. However that is yet another reason why they call it a PUNT.

WIR..not to see Eva but I would like to see the receptionist..

2016....Things can only get better.....


Floor: #2
Post Time: 15th January 2016, 08:51 AM
Poster ID: nextlif
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
The old bait and switch trick....thanks for the heads up Wol


Floor: #3
Post Time: 16th January 2016, 03:27 PM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
The punt is hard enough without bait and switch obstacles too


Floor: #4
Post Time: 20th February 2016, 02:44 PM
Poster ID: munchkin
Post Title: 
 Kiki - Sevenoaks Road Burwood - 8806 7864
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Kiki

Establishment : Chinese Massage

Date of Visit : 20-2-16

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 11 Sevenoaks Road Burwood East

Hours of Business : 10am to 8pm

Rates : 1 hour $70

Age : about 30

Size/shape : short average build

Nationality or Ethnicity : Hong Kong

Services Provided : massage and tug

Value for money/recommend? : ok

My experience/comments : 

Visited Sevenoaks Road today and had a 20 minute wait, boss lady said to try Kiki as if she was something special so I made a booking and returned in 20 minutes. Kiki was attractive, browny red hair, little bit of a belly, ok legs and wearing a short tight black dress that looked pretty sexy.  She is from Hong Kong about 30, I did'nt ask age sorry. She is new only her second day at the shop.
Massage was pretty good, nice to talk to, we had a bit of a laugh every now and then and she seamed keen to get some sort of conversation going every now and then. On the flip she used powder to massage my front and I had to ask her to clean my hands cos I did'nt want to leave a powdered hand print on the ass of her black dress. We discussed extras and $30 for H/J and 50 for touching, I had a bit of a laugh cos at this point I had her dress up around her stomach. I suggested that she might want to do nude for $50 but she said no, she counter offered with $40 for H/J and touching while I was playing with her butt and I told her I wanted to touch and see boobs. She only wanted touching outside the bra. We haggled for about 5 minutes while her dress was up around her stomach and I was feeling her butt and in the end she said if I stop touching her now she will do H/J for $30. I agreed and she finished me off. After I got changed she gave me a hug goodbye and I told her I was a bit sad I did'nt get to see her boobs, she said we can discuss it next time. I like the shop it's very nice, comfortable and clean and has a shower but I won't be rushing back to see Kiki. She was very nice and $100 for massage and tug for 1 hour is almost as cheap as it gets in this area.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 20th February 2016, 08:49 PM
Poster ID: nextlif
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
So how does anyone wanting to book Kiki contact her? Reviews without phone numbers are useless.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 21st February 2016, 03:59 AM
Poster ID: munchkin
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
fair point, but I clearly remember copying and pasting the number from Locanto.
 8806 7864


Floor: #7
Post Time: 25th July 2016, 09:09 PM
Poster ID: versus
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Is this place still operating. Rang the number but no one pick up. Also any great girls to reccomend ?


Floor: #8
Post Time: 17th November 2016, 04:56 PM
Poster ID: Cyguy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Summer

Establishment : Traditional Chinese Massage

Date of Visit : 17/11/16

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : http://melbourne.locanto.com.au/ID_5...WOOD-EAST.html

Hours of Business : 10am to 8pm 

Rates : 50-30mins, 60-45mins, 70-60 mins

Age : 23

Size/shape : slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : massage nude Hj

Value for money/recommend? : yes 

My experience/comments : This is the second time being here as the regular place has lost the any chance of me going back with charges just to high for extras. 
Anyway this place has nice really nice girls from the 1st time I was there. 
The girl I had on both occasions was Summer. I saw her 2 weeks ago on a Friday when she said she works Tuesdays and Saturday and was just filling in on the Friday I went. I went today to try another girl there or see who was on did see a really nice Chinese girl was beaten by another punter. 
Summer is great does give a good massage hard if you want and it is hard not like others who try to press hard but don't know what hard is  Summer does know what she is doing. 
As usual start with hard then switches to soft with running the nails up and down the back to get you all ready for the flip. Did lift up so she could enhance the rise before the flip an was so good playing with the nuts getting to the sensitive side. 

Time for the flip she nice b size boobs which I was allowed to suck on all the while my hands roaming freely all over her allowing me to play with the cat opening the flaps but no feeding the cat. 

I really do think that if you see her more as a regular there could be more on offer but then YMMV. 

What I like about this place that if there is still time your not push out the door they go continue the massage until your time is up as I was there for 45mins but today did go over the time. 
They do get hot towels at the end to clean up and they are clean as you can smell the anti-bacterial wash. 
Some other places should this in fact all of them hehehehehe. 

WIR : yes but to see other girl I saw today. Receptionist is also very nice 