Thread Title: Tulip Massage - 219 Dorset Road Boronia - 0474 295 924
Floor: #1
Post Time: 19th November 2013, 09:07 PM
Poster ID: Lethal
Post Title: 
 Tulip Massage - 219 Dorset Road Boronia - 0474 295 924
				
Post Content: 
I too have been holding off reviewing however I think you may have set the standard, monsa.
Lethal.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 19th November 2013, 09:11 PM
Poster ID: happyending
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I just posted a review but i am not sure what save the details till you are a silver member means as well.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 17th August 2016, 11:17 AM
Poster ID: Wollee
Post Title: 
 Tulip Massage - 219 Dorset Road Boronia - 0474 295 924
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Kelly

Establishment : Tulip Massage

Date of Visit : 15th August 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 219 Dorset Road Boronia 0474295924

Hours of Business : 10.00 am till 8.00 pm

Rates : 30 Min-$45, 45 Min-$60 and 60 Min-$70 plus Extra

Age : 24

Size/shape : Medium Build

Nationality or Ethnicity : Vietnamese Hanoi

Services Provided : Massage NO Tug

Value for money/recommend? : No



My experience/comments : 

Thought I would try this venue in Boronia after good comments elsewhere.  Rang ahead and asked for Mimi, but was told that she was not working. Took the punt and went to see what was on offer. Walked in and was met by a young girl, who I now know was Kelly. She was dressed in a short pants suit with no bra. Nice look. So far so good. I took the 30 min option, paid with a $100 note and was shown to a room and told to undress.

She returns and asks soft, medium or hard. I went for the medium option. Onto the massage and she starts with my lower legs. This is good I think. But no. I realise that this is only to restrict my hands from reaching her legs and touching her up. She kept her distance giving me no chance to feel her skin. There was nothing sensual at all. No back massage, no arms, no TT, nothing.

About 15 minutes she asks me to flip. There was no wood in the woody, no sign of any arousal at all. Then she begins the bullshit negotiations. Including the tug, she offered $50 topless but no touching. $40 tug only but no touching her at all even over her clothes. I declined, politely, saying that it was not worthy it. She got cranky, so I explained that as she had not created any sense of arousal or air of excitement, I was not going to pay her to do something I can do without any money involved. This made matters worse.....lol.

She then said that she would clean me up. Got a wet towel, slapped it around and then she went to walk out. I asked her for my $55 change and she took it out of her pocket and left. I cleaned myself up properly, dressed and left.

Just a point. No 24 year old, no matter how sensually dressed, is going to take my money on false pretences. She made not effort to arouse me, did not entice me to touch her. OK it is her body and she has her price. I respect that. But this is why I have a respect and a preference for more mature women.

YMMV...and keep punting....Wol...


Floor: #4
Post Time: 17th August 2016, 12:52 PM
Poster ID: nextlif
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Good on you Woll....the only way we are going to stop these exorbitant prices with poor service is to vote them out with our wallets. Lucky you remembered your change...sounds like you werent getting it back if you didnt ask.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 17th August 2016, 01:33 PM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Wollee you seem to be taking over cl-deans roll of punting machine while he is in qld.

She kept your change in her pocket during the massage. Disgraceful.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 20th August 2016, 05:27 PM
Poster ID: Genji88
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Reminds me of Vivian from Sabaydee - an utter Ice Queen until her $50+ tip is in hand.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 4th July 2018, 04:20 PM
Poster ID: Jassyhub2013
Post Title: 
 Tulip Massage Boronia - 0474 295 924
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Tina

Establishment : Tulip Massage Boronia

Date of Visit : 29/06/2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 219 Dorset Rd, Boronia VIC 3155 0474 295 924

Hours of Business : 10am till 8pm

Rates : $70 60min, $60 45min

Age : looked 30ish to me

Size/shape : C cup, slim size 8

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese, Hong Kong

Services Provided : Nude massage, Body slide and other..

Value for money/recommend? : Ok -> Good

My experience/comments :

So EOFY and I thought I haven't been out and about for a while so I'll give myself a treat.
I thought I'd go to see if there is any more on offer from Mimi in Boronia since my last punt seemed to turn into a good session.
Tried to call two times before I left, but both times no answer (shit maybe a busy Friday). Stuff it all ready to go so I thought I'd take the chance.
Arrive with much anticipation and looking forward to what might eventuate. Open shop door, tinkle of the doorbell. As usual no one at the desk.
Wait a few moment and still nothing, so I call out "Hello anyone here" (I know I hate it too when your on the other side of the door and a new customer interrupts).
Door 2 opens and out comes ML and I ask is Mimi is working today.
"Mimi no working today, we both busy. You come back later"
"SHIT"(in my head), "ok thanks"

So I leave the shop a little deflated. Bloody hell where do I got now. Jump in car and just as I drive off I remember there is another shop close by.
Park car and try option 2. Take the back door entrance and ring the doorbell.

Door opens and a smiling Chinese woman presents herself.
"You want massage, come in"
She leads me down the corridor and into the room
"How long you want?"
We settle on 1hr and she direct me to get undressed and she will return. I must have had a sad/sour look on my face as before she left she smiled and said
"Don't worry darling, I look after you. Give you good massage"
Ok, maybe things are looking up.

She starts the massage which is a little soft to my liking but I was hoping things to improve so didn't say anything.
Anyway on with the small, talk. She tells me her name is Tina and she is from Hong Kong. Has been is Australia for 1 year.
Cut to the chase... After a little while she leans over and asks if I want nude body slide. I ask how much and she says $100. I'm thinking a little steep.
I counter with $80, but she doesn't reply. I smile and say, you give me special, I'm good customer. But she won't have it and reply's "Darling $100, I do good job".
After trying a little more and not being able to budge her I think stuff it, I'm running late and already missed my first choice. So I say ok.
She asks me to hand over the money first (I hate it when they do this. Surly there can't be that many men that won't pay up...??)

So she then drops her black dress to reveal a nice matching pair of lacy black bra and panties.
Off they come, and I complement her on her body. Nice pair of C cuppers and a nicely trimmed pussy. Little bit of a tummy (which she points to) but nothing I'm worried about.
She directs me to lie face down and she proceeds to apply the oil and slide her tits and pussy over my back and bum.
Looking to find more I roll over and we both jump off the table. I lean over and sucking on her ample tits and she starts to moan. My hand roams lower and I start to rub her pussy and clit.
I then kneel down to get some DATY however she covers her pussy with her hand.

Ok so back on the table we hop me on my back and she starts to give me front body slides and tit fucks with my cock.
With this not going to get the job done I ask if I can give her body slide to which she agrees.
Before starting I thought I'd suck on those tits a bit more and see how wet downstairs was.
To my surprise she start to moan and as I'm rubbing her clit she gets even more wet. Meanwhile she is playing with my cock and balls with her other hand.
"Yes, baby yes, I want it. I want it."
I try to insert a digit however she pulls my hand back to massage her clit and she continues..
"Yes, baby yes, I want it. I want it."
By this stage I'm thinking she is bullshitting, but then I'm surprised as she moves her hand down and sticks her fingers in her pussy and starts to buck up and down.
"More, more, more, more.." she says.
So I continue to suck her tits and stimulate her clit until finally she cums.

Ok, now with her done what about me.
I climb on top and body slide her then begin sim sex without inserting.
She starts to moan again with "I want it, I want it"
I want it too but I'm not going in bareback so I move faster and harder till I cum all over her stomach.
Job complete and I reach for the tissues.

She says "Darling you remember my name Tina" I say "yes I know Tina"
She says "I work Friday and Sunday, You come Sunday. I want you we fuck" 
I'm thinking mmm maybe but Sunday is no good for me
I say "Next Friday"
She says "No you come Sunday, what my name?"
Tina I say and with that I ask for a shower to clean all the oil off. Quick shower back in the room and dress.

One more time she ask me if I remember her name and for me to come back on Sunday. Then off I go.

All in all not a bad punt. She is ok in the looks department but had a little too much makeup on with bright red lipstick.
You will know if you get Tina as curiously she has like a double nipple on her right breast.

The bit that put me off the most is I could smell she smokes. So for me this is a one off with Tina.
YMMV, good luck!!

Cheers
Jas


