Floor: #1
Post Time: 5th April 2016, 06:22 PM
Poster ID: Wollee
Post Title: 
 Wild Jasmine Thai Masssage 4/8 Station Street Bayswater 9729 9993
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jasmine

Establishment : Wild Jasmine Thai Massage And Spa House

Date of Visit : 1st April 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Shop 4/8 Station Street Bayswater 3153 9729 9993

Hours of Business : Open at 10.00 am Various Closing times (Ring to  Check)

Rates : 30 min-$50, 45 min-$69, 60 min- $79 plus Extras

Age : 40

Size/shape : Small Build Pretty Face

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai. Born in Bangkok lived in Aus for 4 Years

Services Provided : Excellent Massage and Tug

Value for money/recommend? : Yes



My experience/comments : 

Was given a tip the an establishment in Frankston had opened another outlet in Bayswater. On checking the details,  I found that they had moved into an existing business and redecorated. The transformation of the old business is excellent with new signage, décor, spa baths and large tables. A clean, professional setup in downtown Baysie.

So I 'popped into' meet mamasan and introduce myself. (Sounds like a Brauninc post). She was unavailable so I passed on my regards to the woman at the desk, Jasmine, and told her that  would return.

Anyway I found time to return a couple of days later and spent a wonderful time with Jasmine. Normal procedure, shown to a room, stripped and waited. She returns dressed in her Thai uniform of a jacket and pants.She commences my massage by washing and drying my feet. For those of you who know of Thai massage, you appreciate how good it can be. Anyway, she does the bend your legs at right angles  thing and caresses my inner thighs and accidentally runs her fingers along Wol who is getting interested. Cleans the oil off my back and legs, then the magic words 'turn over please'.

The towel that was covering my butt was removed and there is Wol...standing at attention. A nod and a wink and Jasmine commences the tug. As she realises that I am getting close, she backs off and starts to rub my stomach. Then back to Wol. This went on for a couple of minutes until I could take no more. And she knew it.  I wanted it and she gave it to me, or more so, I gave it to her....all  over her hands. Whilst this was going on,  had my hand under her top rubbing a nipple thru her bra. Again, an excellent clean up with a warm towel.

A head and neck massage finished off the hour. As I was getting dressed I gave her $30 for the tug and I pointed to the spa bath in room. I joking suggested that next time we both could get into it. She smiled and said no....we will see


Floor: #2
Post Time: 29th April 2016, 09:05 PM
Poster ID: Like
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Wild Jasmine: Mamasan, you won't be asking for her; Flame Angles: Jenny

Establishment : Wild Jasmine Thai Massage

Date of Visit : late April 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Wild Jasmine: 8 Station St, Bayswater; Flame Angles: 895 Mountain Hwy, Bayswater

Hours of Business : Not sure

Rates : WJ: $70/h; FA: $90/20min, $110/hr

Age : WJ: 40+; FA: 20's

Size/shape : WJ: reasonable shape but you won't want to be going there; FA: Jenny, medium height, amazing breasts

Nationality or Ethnicity : WJ: Thai; FA: Thai

Services Provided : WJ: Massage only, didn't encourage anything else; FA: Boob job, CBJ, FS

Value for money/recommend? : WJ: No; FA: Yes

My experience/comments : When I first started punting a year or so ago, I asked on this forum for suggestions of licensed brothels that did good massage. While 100 Johnson is a good option, and other suggestion was to go and have a massage and then drive down the road to a brothel. It has taken me a while to try that out and did the double with Wild Jasmine Thai Massage and then Flame Angles. If the ML was hot and did lots of teasing then great, have fun there. Not much to say about the massage, paid for an hour and left after 45 min as was bored, and I'd decided to go down the road anyhow. At Flame Angles, Jenny was a stand out of a fairly ordinary bunch. Jenny super friendly and totally at ease mucking around. She put me on the bed on my back star fish, knelt between my legs and slowly teased me. Fantastic. Then those beautiful breasts are slid up and down and pressed together. Ah, perfect. Then on with the dom and a bit of CBJ. Jenny then leant back and put her legs over mine and into cowgirl. Then I sat up and she laid back for a great viewing position. Tried a few other positions but that was the best so went back to that. Shower and out of there well within the 20 minutes.


