Floor: #1
Post Time: 29th December 2017, 02:32 PM
Poster ID: tryhardaussie
Post Title: 
 Yumo - Zen Massage, Alphington - 0413 329 211 / 03 8395 6712
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Yumo or Yuno 

Establishment : Zen Japanese Massage 

Date of Visit : December 

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.gumtree.com.au/s-ad/alph...ge-/1154446326

Hours of Business : 10am till 8pm

Rates : $65 Plus Extras $80 topless HJ 

Age : 23

Size/shape : petite perky A-B cuppers

Nationality or Ethnicity : Says Korean

Services Provided : HJ Topless

Value for money/recommend? : Got what I wanted

My experience/comments : I didn't have a sore back or I wasn't even just passing and thought I would try this place. I simply found them on Gumtree and I think Locanto and liked the look of the ad and something appealed to me so I sort them out and went there.
Yumo answered the door bell and honestly she is a real cutie with a great smile and sweet little body.
I did ask if she was my masseuse and hearing yes said OK for and hour.

Stripped to give her no illusion as to what I required.

She gave a serviceable relaxing massage and she did qualify it by saying if I wanted harder. 
As she approached the inner thigh I let her know that I thought this was the best bit so accidental (snigger snigger) bushes became the order of the day.

On the flip she asked if I wanted more and duh I said yes but her price was $80 topless and she wouldn't budge. But then again she had as soon as she opened the door anyway.
The HJ was very acceptable with some good skills.
Touching tits and arse under the undies was ok. I didn't venture to the pussy and it was all getting a little close.

Only downside was a little too dear and I will negotiate either full nude or cheaper for the next visit. 
And the cleanup was left to myself which is ok but I do prefer them to clean me up....after all they made the mess .


Floor: #2
Post Time: 29th December 2017, 06:40 PM
Poster ID: nextlif
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks for the review THA. Could I ask that in future you post contact details in your reviews rather than trust a link to a web advert, which can be deleted, become corrupt or expire, leaving us in the dark. Gumtree ads seem to disappear quicker than others.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 30th December 2017, 12:52 PM
Poster ID: tryhardaussie
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
No Problem. The reason I posted the link was that was how I found it rather than just the contact number but here it is 03 83956712


Floor: #4
Post Time: 9th March 2018, 09:21 PM
Poster ID: cl-dean
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Cassie

Establishment : Zen Japanese Massage

Date of Visit : March 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 729 Heidelberg Rd Alphington, 03 8395 6712

Hours of Business : 10-8 I believe

Rates : $45/30 mins + extras

Age : 20s

Size/shape : Slim. Great pins, a B-c cup bust

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Massage, topless HJ

Value for money/recommend? : VfM: a bit pricey. Recommend: Yes.

My experience/comments : 

I found myself in this area, and spied two massage places about 10 shops apart. I pulled over, parked, and tried this one at random. Door was locked, had to ring the doorbell. I looked through the door (mostly frosted) to see a brown pair of feet, in things, with painted toenails. The door opened, and an attractive girl invited me inside. Dressed in a low cut top, and massively ripped denim shorts that straddled that line etween short shorts and large underwear. Beyond that first three seconds, I was given a very warm and genuine introduction, pay by card or cash (there's a $5 fee if you pay by card), and was shown into the room. I was left along to get undressed, and it took quite a while for Cassie to return (problems finding change). She apologized for the delay, and assured me that the clock starts when she gets back with the change.

Cassie started with a traditional Thai kneeling all over me -- but she is so slight that there was next to no weight. What followed was a superb 20 minute Thai massage, one of the best I have had. Cassie was following my lead in terms of whether I wanted to talk or not. Her English is top notch. 

One nice touch here is that underneath the face hole in the massage table, they place lovely arrangements of leaves and soaps and stones. Much nicer than staring at a plain bit of wood, or some structural metals bits, or a cum-stained towel on a pillow.

Whilst Cassie was still working on my back, she asked about extras. Cassie's tariff is $50 HJ, $70 topless, and $100 nude. I opted the middle choice, and Cassie quickly unburdened herself of her top and bra, and kept working on my back and legs. Eventually please turn over, and wow. Just wow. She's a fit girl, that's for sure. Cassie proceeded to spend the next 15 minutes or so giving me one of the most sensual hand jobs I have ever received. Lots of eye contact, a bit of nipple licking (both ways), and asking what I liked, where was I the most sensitive, etc. Really first class stuff. This all took place with a nice D&M talk as well, thereby providing the whole GFE. I've not idea how D or M it was on her part, but if it wasn't, then she's got that whole faking sincerity thing down pat.

Positives: nice environment (rooms a touch on the small side), hot masseuse, she seemed to think that all the girls here are like her in terms of being nice;
Negatives: base price is OK, extras on the pricey side, poor parking. Note: parking around here on the main street is quite limited, with 30 minute zones.

Cassie works Fridays only.

Dean


