Thread Title: Cherry Tree Garden -Williamstown - 03 8383 3271
Floor: #1
Post Time: 13th January 2011, 11:07 PM
Poster ID: Yusuf
Post Title: 
 Cherry Tree Garden -Williamstown - 03 8383 3271
				
Post Content: 
Having been here before, I have never had any luck with good talent. Arrived to discover that they only have Asian girls which was great. First intro was a Thai woman about 35 plus, massive tits, but the make up, teeth etc were not good. She was really friendly and I was considering, but wanted to see other 4 girls. Her name began with M.

Next girl is Korean, not bad, a little muscular, passed on her.

Next a young Chinese girl, stunning face arrives but a size 12 and again I like them slim. 

So said to boss, want slim girl, so by this time waited for over 30 min, boss was great though, really friendly. 

In walks the final girl, Chinese, size 8, almost A cups as I later discovered (padded bra) long nipples, firm ass, great pussy, hairy but well kept. Gave her a little DATY, BJ on offer, but CBJ only, finish off with a cow girl, reverse cow girl, missionary etc.

I would have been out of there in 20 min which was great, good quick service sometimes is all that is needed. Her name is Lina, $105 for half hour. She is from New Zealand here for only 3 days.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 19th January 2011, 08:43 PM
Poster ID: tifino
Post Title: 
 Sea Pearls 18 Albemarle Wilaimstown - maria - Jan 10
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Maria

Establishment (if applicable): Sea Pearls

Contact Details/Address: 18 Albemarle St Williamstown

Hours of Business: (if known or applicable) 11am onwards

Prices: 200 / hour

Age: 35

Size/shape: a buxom size 8, slim hips and legs, enhanced "D" cups, menagerie of cute tattoos

Nationality or Ethnicity: Spanish/thai eurasian

Services: Light Kissing, GFE/PSE, massage, CBJ, HJ, FS, daty is possible, but depends on her...

Value for money/recommend?: You will disappear into Maria's hold, and you just won't care!!

My experience/comments: Calling ahead, I had heard this place was becoming a haven for korean WLS, so I'm thinking that this visit may be interesting. Will be a nice change if there's no longer all those old aussie girls there.

Coming in, the new Italian? owner ushers me in with a description of Thai, Chinese and Korean birds. One of each at this time.
The Korean and the Chines were in first but they didn't suit my style.

And then, in comes Maria. OMG     my legs have gone jelly. What a lovely!! Spanish/Thai? now this mix just has to be seen. I can see the european in the mix, but the asian part is so magically - subtle.
I'm In.

Maria has this long hair, with a deep reddish tint, that changes under different light. Have to play with that later. "something about mary" hehe

She has this magnificent little body, that i can see she has been trying hard to keep trim. Some lipo there, she she is committed to trying.
Love those athletic legs, that lead up to a fine little botty that can easily fit into a 2 handful grip.

Maria is a light kisser - no DFK, and appears always concerned for cleanliness. A good trait in places like this, as you don't know what you could catch.

Daty subject was broached, and it is something she likes, but not up to at the moment. I think its one of those activities you'll  have to keep coming back for, until  she gets to know you better. I can respect that. 
My aversion to fingers in pussy also suits her mode of operation too regarding cleaniness, so i think I am going to get on really well with this magnificent demure little eurasion lady.
Maria's got a great knack for the CBJ. You wouldn't know you were covered, as she takes it all in. Lovely set of teeth, which she uses only so very lightly to tease the little buddha further, and a great suck method.
Time for pretending to make babies now, so we get her up and mounted as a cowgirl, and head off on a long ride. During this time she is really bucking, PSE style and has turned out to be a very active little girl. This is fun.
Eventually all good things must come to an end as the little buddha bursts his banks. It is time to rest


Floor: #3
Post Time: 19th February 2011, 07:40 PM
Poster ID: ben696
Post Title: 
 Sea Pearls - Viven
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name:Vivienne

Establishment :Sea pearls - williamstown

Date of Visit:Nov 2010

Contact Details/Address/Weblink:18 Albermarle Street, Williamstown, 3016. Phone: (03) 9399 9740

Hours of Business: 11am - late mon-sun

Rates:$120hlf hr $180 hr

Age: 38

Size/shape: 10

Nationality or Ethnicity: Australian

Services Provided: full service

Value for money/recommend?: yes highly recommend

My experience/comments:Visited sea pearls in west of melb about 6mths ago & had the pleasure of meeting vivien. Late 30s nice little body perky breasts. As soon as i hit the bed she was all over me. Kissing followed by cbj she climbed on top then did the reverse. I was hanging on with all my strength. I spun her round & rode her & till the thunder rolled. We snuggled for 2min & then it was on again! Best chick ever. Haven't been able to find her since!


Floor: #4
Post Time: 3rd August 2011, 08:35 PM
Poster ID: LumpyGravy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Sea Pearls - Stella 

Contact Details/Address: 18 Albemarle St Williamstown

Hours of Business: (if known or applicable) 11am onwards

Prices: 200 / hour

Age: Early 20's

I was told Stella was a Japanese girl but has suddenly become half Japanese half Korean. In to the little waiting room and sat for a few minutes getting a stiff neck looking at the little portable television 8 feet up the wall. 
In walks a beautiful girl in the tiny plaid and pleated skirt with matching top and the most radiant smile. 
In a tiny voice she tells me her name is Stella. I am so taken by her smile I forget to even ask what is on offer.

Back comes the receptionist and asks if I am interested. Mmmmm Yeah !!! Money down for 30 minutes
Into the room, a quick shower to freshen up. In comes Stella. She doesnt say much and appears quite shy. She holds the towel for me till I get out of the shower. She hops in and has a quick one too.
Onto the bed. I was wrong about her being shy. No sooner was I on my back and she straddles my stomach. No mean feat for such a petite lady.

I try for a little bit of a cuddle but she is very business like and goes straight for the nipples working her way down and around giving me what most of you may refer to as a cat bath. Nice.. She is very adept at ball sucking too. That caught me by surprise. On with the party hat for a CBJ. Not too many words spoken at this stage. Stella is very good at getting my undivided attention.
I got her to slow down and turn that pretty rear towards me. Settled in for a bit of 69 which brought agreeable sounds from Stella and me too.. She is very good indeed. 
Another 180 degree turn and she is suddenly in the cowgirl possy wiping my chin and heading for the home straight all at once. Slow down girl.. A quick roll and a bit of missionary. Another winning smile from Stella. Missionary isn't working out too well so back we go. Stella is on the ball with a quick change of party hat and a bit more CBJ to stiffen my resolve.

Back to cowgirl and Stella is well in charge. Fantastic. Mission accomplished. I am more than satisfied. 
I'm laying there smiling trying to make small talk and she is sitting beside smiling too just gently running her fingers up and down my thigh.  
A little hard to understand but I think she says she is a student and spends most of her time working or studying. 
She has been here 6 months. Second knock on the door. Still happy to sit and smile. Finally I feel guilty and go to get up to shower. She starts to tidy up. 
I come out of the shower and she is again holding a clean towel for me. Time to go and she throws her arms around me, a big kiss on the cheek and says thank you. Wow. I'm the one that should thank her. 

Stella - Very sweet and petite.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 14th November 2012, 05:55 PM
Poster ID: psaiho1
Post Title: 
 SeaPearl, 18 Albermarle street, williamtown
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Whiskey

Establishment : commerical site/ house

Date of Visit : 10/11/2012

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 93999740, 18 Albermarle street, williamstown

Hours of Business : 11am -9pm

Rates : 80 for 20min, 110 for 30 min, 150 for 45 min

Age : 18+

Size/shape : B cup/ size 10

Nationality or Ethnicity : malay

Services Provided : FS

Value for money/recommend? : Yes / once enough

My experience/comments : 
I was so horny that night so I when to the closest brothel there was.
I know about the bad, cocky ladies working there because I been there before and had a angry sex session with a bitchy korean girl.
This time is different, there were only 3 available that time and the first 2 with a intro was a old thai ladies.
But I waited for Whiskey to be available because the doorman told me that she is young.
When i saw her, she was really young and short and almost like a high school student.
So I decide to have a little fun like turkey slap, poking her pussy, tickle and she was very shy and very GF like.
The best part was when I she is riding on top, she loves to cover her mouth with her hand and scream behind them.
It make me very dominate so I shuffle as fast as i can so I can watch her face suffering in a cute way.
We wash together at the end and I was still playing her nipples and playing with her.
She was very petite all the way.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 4th November 2013, 08:05 AM
Poster ID: Nicktoo
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Drove past this place a couple of times recently, weekday and weekend afternoons and the gates were locked.
Are they still open for business?


Floor: #7
Post Time: 11th October 2015, 02:27 PM
Poster ID: tiny tito
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Great new guys this place has reopend as HUSH
Brothel Now Open


20 mins $90
30 mins $115
45 mins $150
60 mins $190

Call us on 03 9397 4465 or 0422 441 229

SWA9761XBE
http://melbourne.locanto.com.au/ID_5...liamstown.html
http://melbourne.locanto.com.au/ID_5...LIAMSTOWN.html

called past today and what i seen out side sitting in the sun did not do it for me so i keep going


Floor: #8
Post Time: 15th October 2015, 07:39 PM
Poster ID: tiny tito
Post Title: 
 HUSH formaly sea pearls - Williamstown 03 9397 4465 or 0422 441 229
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : 

Establishment : Hush 

Date of Visit : 15-10-15

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : [COLOR=#333333]18 Albemarle St Williamstown   [/COLOR][COLOR=#333333]03 9397 4465 or 0422 441 229[/COLOR]

Hours of Business : [COLOR=#000000]Tuesday - Sunday [/COLOR]
[COLOR=#000000]10.00am till late[/COLOR]

Rates : [COLOR=#333333]20 mins $90[/COLOR]
[COLOR=#333333]30 mins $115[/COLOR]
[COLOR=#333333]45 mins $150[/COLOR]
[COLOR=#333333]60 mins $190[/COLOR]
SWA9761XBE

Age : 

Size/shape : 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : 

Value for money/recommend? : 

My experience/comments :


call past today but did not stay now aussie ladys sorry not for me a bit to old and very average in looks might be ok if you wanted a older white girl was told there is 1 asian girl that works some nights . very friendly 

happy punting 
Tiny


Floor: #9
Post Time: 20th December 2015, 12:34 PM
Poster ID: tiny tito
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jessie

Establishment : Hush

Date of Visit : 19-12-15

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :18 Albermarle Street
Williamstown North 3016   
Phone 03 9397 4465
Or 0422 441 229

http://melbourne.locanto.com.au/ID_5...LIAMSTOWN.html

Hours of Business :  Monday to Saturday 11.00 am till late.

Rates : 20 mins $80
30 mins $110 
45 mins $150
60 mins $190
Lollipop Express Service SPECIAL $50

Age : 21 so she said probley right

Size/shape : solid but not fat

Nationality or Ethnicity : aussie

Services Provided : oral full service

Value for money/recommend? : no way ripped of big time

My experience/comments : called in to see if the tallent had improved any ..and it had done but not greatly .. meet the 1st 2 ladys would say late 20's early 30's 
(sorry dont rember there names ) and then Jessie young blond girl was my pick should of walked .. 1/2 hour 110.00 but 1st time discount made it 100.00 
always like to go with 1/2 hr to be fair on the girls .but this time should of taken the 20 min for 80.00 optson or the 50.00 lolliepop go to the room in to the shower (was clean) the buzzer goes off wtf.. then jess comes back and starts a lame massage all of 1 min and says turn over and trys to dome me up but cant (the bloody thing is that small could of used it for a finger stall ) any way gets a new 1 and starts again with a bit of oral and hand mix then tell her to do her stuff and get her on top and away she goes cowgirl job done  she says shower you go 1st and the me .i get in she puts he gear on and off she went never to be seen again .next thing the buzzer its going of again wtf cheek the time been in there less than 15 min in total ..so guess what you wont see me back there any time soon 
Happy Punting 
    TT


Floor: #10
Post Time: 8th January 2017, 04:46 PM
Poster ID: tiny tito
Post Title: 
 The Cherry Tree (Ex Hush)(Ex Sea Pearls) - 18 Albermarle St, Williamstown
				
Post Content: 
no a review just a hands up that this place is up and running again 
just done a drive buy to see if any thing was on the go and yes its open again .
so called in a few dollars have been spent tidieing the place up a job well done 
met the new onwer who is also working untill she can find some more staff 
looks like it will be all asian any way happy puntting


Floor: #11
Post Time: 6th March 2017, 05:08 PM
Poster ID: Small Bane
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lily

Establishment : Cherry Tree Garden

Date of Visit : Mar 3 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :  https://www.thecherrytreegarden.com/


Hours of Business : 11 am till late

Rates : I paid $120 for 30 mins

Age : Late 30s/early 40s Difficult to judge age of Asian women

Size/shape : Curvy

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese PRC

Services Provided : Groping, Cuddling, Boob Play, CBJ, FS

Value for money/recommend? : Yes/Yes

My experience/comments :

Ended up at Cherry Tree Garden after not being able to negotiate for what I wanted at nearby Spellbound. Cherry Tree Garden has been newly renovated to a very high standard in a rather run down industrial street. It has a discreet entrance & ample parking at the rear. Greeted by cheerful Aussie Papa San & only 2 girls available Lily & Diamond – both good lookers & well presented. 6 of one or half a dozen of the other here.

Quickly chose Lily who took me to a nearby room for a big introductory hug, instructed to have shower & hand over $120. Minor glitch in the shower – normally hot on left cold on right but here it is vice versa. Still drying when Lily returned disrobed & we adjourned to the bed . Fine body for a woman who obviously looks after herself. She has a good command of English & is happy to work in Australia. A lot of pleasant small talk & sex talk as we groped & played with each other including me sucking her more than ample boobs – quite big for a Chinese woman's. Nipples a bit sensitive so had to be extra gentle. First business end of excitement was a superb CBJ of 10 mins+  which really left me drained & wondering whether we could have the main course. She dried me off & a bit more playing & then slipped on another dome & it was sideways from behind.

A very enjoyable time.


Floor: #12
Post Time: 7th September 2017, 07:13 AM
Poster ID: Elfang
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Coco

Establishment : The Cherry Tree Garden

Date of Visit : 6th September 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 18 ALBEMARLE STREET. WILLIAMSTOWN TELEPHONE: 03 9399 8052
https://www.thecherrytreegarden.com

Hours of Business : 11am till 3am, although varies on some days

Rates : $120 half hour $180 45mins $230 one hour

Age : 25

Size/shape : Size 8 with pumped D

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : BJ and FS

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : 
The place has been on my sights for some time as I checked out their webpage etc. Lily ex Romantics runs the place and it has had a total refurbishment. 

It is clean and very nice.

Arrived and there was a trade car and one other who was just leaving from his punt. Rang the bell and passed the security test. I waited in the holding yard for what was available and was shown Coco. I was told that the others were busy and I suspect there was only one other.
Coco is very attractive and well groomed and guided me to the operation theatre. The room looked new and clean with a shower. I offered to shower and Coco came in with me, which I enjoyed. She has a few tats only displayed when she is disrobed. 

 Anyhow the dom went on and she gave a nice head and ball lick. Moved to penetration and she felted good. Were went for 20 mins enjoying a slow tango till I delivered. She was impressed with my load which is always big. Back in the shower, dressed and escorted to the door.

I can recommend Lily's establishment as I believe she takes care of her ladies.


Floor: #13
Post Time: 6th June 2018, 04:50 PM
Poster ID: Goldfinger38
Post Title: 
 Great place and Lily looks after her customers
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Coco

Establishment : The Cherry Tree Garden

Date of Visit : 14th March 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 18 ALBEMARLE STREET. WILLIAMSTOWN TELEPHONE: 03 9399 8052
https://www.thecherrytreegarden.com

Hours of Business : 11am till 3am.

Rates : $120 half hour $180 45mins $230 one hour. I chose 30 minutes initially

Age : 25-28

Size/shape : Size 8 with nice rack

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : BJ and FS and massage

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : 
I went to this place as Lily (formerly from Romantics Brunswick) now runs it and she has always asked me to come and visit her.

The place is easy to find and there appears to be a nice garden outside as you walk up the path nice touch she was always commenting on her wonderful garden.

I entered and was greeted by Lily who recognised me immediately and gave me a hug while she was holding onto a small dog of hers (pocket dog LOL). Anyway she showed me to the waiting room which was nice and clean and comfy and showed the girls in, there were 4 in all and they were all Asian of course. 

I picked Coco as she has a nice figure and good rack and so paid for the 30 minutes and off I went with her.
Takes me to the room and gets me to undress and shower - the usual procedure while she goes out of the room and does whatever they do when they go out the door.

She comes back in to find me drying myself, she comes up and gives my Johnson a tug and says Nice and soo big too!!  Anyway she undresses and we get onto the bet, she proceeds to lick me and give e small kisses, I give her some gentle kisses as well and suck on her nipples which are nice.  AShe is responsive to this, eventually she starts to give me a BJ and then gets a condom before putting on and proceeding with the BJ, she then grabs the lube, apples it to my rod and hops down onto it, slowly at first and exclaiming how tight it is inside of her. 
Well we start to get the rhythm going and she is enjoying herself as am I and then the buzzer sounds, bugger, I immediately say I want to extend a further 15 minutes as I am not finished yet and she say cannot extend you have to pay for another 30 minutes sheez!!  Well by this tie I am like a gun ready to go off so agreed to pay for another 30 minutes as opposed to paying the difference between 30 and 45 minutes.

we continue with the athletics until I eventually unload inside of her, we hold each other for a bit while we rest, our bodies entwined in a sweaty embrace.

she hops off eventually and cleans me up before offering to massage me for the remainder of my time so I roll over and let her do her thing, it was OK but nothing fantastic.  She has a hot body and nice breasts,  I reckon she would get better with more work and familiarity with me if I visited her more.

I can recommend Lily's establishment as I believe she takes care of her ladies and they certainly are happy working for her. I must say Lily has lost a lot of her bulk since I saw her last at Romantics..


Floor: #14
Post Time: 10th June 2018, 10:10 PM
Poster ID: Passthru
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Kelly

Establishment : The Cherry Tree Garden

Date of Visit : June 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 18 Albemarle St, Williamstown, VIC 3016 
Telephone: (03) 83833271
Hours of Business : 11am till 2am.

Rates : $120 half hour $180 45mins $230 one hour.

Age : Early 20’s

Size/shape : Slim, medium height and well-rounded with large B or small C cups

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : CBJ, 69, FS

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : 

Been a while since my last establishment venture and feeling the need for certainty I decided to try out the Cherry Tree Garden as it seemed to be newish and have some reasonable reviews.Walk up the path and greeted by mamasan Lily who appears to be quite friendly and relaxed. 
Get into the intros and I’m having trouble deciding between Yoyo, Kiki and Kelly. Speak to Lily and she recommends Kelly for me as a first time customer here.
Pay the 45 minute charge and Kelly comes out to take me into the room which is quite nicely set up in an old-fashioned style with a shower in the corner.
Kelly is a lovely little package about 160cm, reasonably attractive face, slim but nicely rounded. Some hugs and light kisses and we proceed to get better acquainted with the assistance of her phone translator.
Some more kisses and hugs in between removing clothes and heading into the shower where Kelly cleans me up nicely even though I had already showered before heading here. All the undercarriage is well soaped and cleaned before we head back to the bed.
Some further rolling around with LFK and general running of hands over bodies and time for more serious action. CBJ seems to be the only option available so settle in for that and then Kelly swings around and offers herself for some DATY in 69, needless to say I clear a space for her to sit and proceed to dine on some very nice Chinese pie even if it is sporting the beginnings of a 5 o’clock shadow.
Kelly seems to be enjoying it and getting quite wet to the point where she either has an orgasm or fakes it well. She also has no objections to the occasional finger running around her date and into it while the tongue also slips in there occasionally. 
The mutual licking and exploring goes on for some time and finally it’s time to make use of that very wet pussy so we move into RCG with a fine view of her round little arse bouncing up and down on me. Those boobs with the responsive nipples are now out of reach however and so we change with Kelly rolling over for mish.
Great move on her part as now we are able to have some further LFK and now she starts squeezing me while making all the right noises. With all this encouragement I fill the bag and eventually we stop moving against each other. More kisses and cuddles before disengaging and clean up then some more chatting while cuddling, holding and kissing while the phone translator keeps busy.
Shower, a little more chat and lots more kisses and cuddles before exiting and a little more chat with Lily on the way out. Will definitely be back as the budget allows.


Floor: #15
Post Time: 27th December 2018, 07:37 AM
Poster ID: jojo678
Post Title: 
 Cherry Tree Garden - Williamstown - 03 8383 3271
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lina

Establishment : Cherry Tree Garden Williamstown

Date of Visit : December 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 18 Albemarle St, Williamstown North VIC 3016

Phone :83833271

Hours of Business : 10am-2am

Rates : $180 45 mins

Age : 25

Size/shape : size 6

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : FS

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

Called up in advance and Papasan then recommends Lina to me, as she would suit me. I arrive and once inside Lina introduces herself. She is a petite girl with a nice smile, down from Sydney for a month to work the holidays. Into a nice cozy and clean room we go and a little chat and i shower first. Lina showers after me and meets me on the bed.
The session begins with a little catbath, followed by CBJ which she delivers solidly with good eye contact for considerable time. Lina pre-lubed up at the start so onto CG she starts, we mix it up with a few more positions before i ask her to finish me off HJ. There was some light kisses, great eye contact, some giggling and joking around during the session. She allows me to rest for a minute as she jumps into the shower before me, then calls me in to join her. Lina washes me down quite nicely, this is a nice gesture on her part. She definitely took some time with me today. Some more small talk, a few kisses and a hug and i'm shown out. We definitely went over time and i never felt rushed. i would go back to see Lina however she is only here for a month and the holidays are a very busy time. Overall a good punt with a friendly girl who showed some effort.


Thread Title: Cherry Tree Garden -Williamstown - 03 8383 3271
Floor: #16
Post Time: 21st January 2019, 10:18 PM
Poster ID: Ensian11
Post Title: 
 Ruby from Cherry Tree
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Ruby

Establishment : Cherry Tree Garden

Date of Visit : 6th Jan 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 

Phone :

Hours of Business : 10am until late

Rates : 120 for 30 min

Age : 30ish

Size/shape : petite

Nationality or Ethnicity : 50% taiwan 50% Japanese

Services Provided : Full service - but pretty dull

Value for money/recommend? : Yes - but will try a different girl

My experience/comments : Date was 6th January when I thought Id better give Cherry tree a try. When I arrived, I was met by the papa-sun. Nice enough aussie guy - clearly he is keen to make a good impression. The place was nice, clean, comfortable. I sat in the reception room and received visits from 4 girls total....chose Ruby as she seemed cute. Standard shower for me - not for her - I didnt ask and didnt mind. Both naked...it was a bit awkward due to the language challenges. When I asked for DATY she refused. She was pretty hairy down there anyway. No kissing - missionary, doggy and we were done. Still 10mins left and, to her credit, she offered massage to finish the time. All in all, nice enough girl - but not quite as enthusiastic as I would like. I will go back - but a try a different girl next time.


Floor: #17
Post Time: 26th June 2019, 09:42 AM
Poster ID: tryhardaussie
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Bella 

Establishment : Cherry Tree

Date of Visit : June 

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 18 Albemarle St, Williamstown North VIC 3016
Phone :83833271

Hours of Business : 10 - Late Late

Rates : $180 -45

Age : 30ish

Size/shape : Curvy 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Said 1/2 Jap 1/2 PRC

Services Provided : BBBJ 

Value for money/recommend? : No 

My experience/comments : Went to visit Gina ex Pandora who gives a sensational BBBJ but alas she wasn't in and I was already there so whatever.
During the line I was shown Bella who promised the world as some do so went with her on the off chance she delivered.
I have already said VFM NO so you know it was a shit session.

When discussing what I want I was clear just a prolonged BJ session no FS and she was was good then another tip was on offer.
So that we understand my state of mind I had just finished a fantastic legit massage session. I was treated to a different technique called dry brushing which left my entire body relaxed and all i wanted was a slow BJ with no work on my part and that was what was promised.

What I got was one of those BJ's where the WL grabs tissues every 60 seconds and wipes the base of my cock, moans and says "you like?" 
No "I don't like. Just stay sucking then I like" 
"Ok Ok OK"  Then grabs more tissues and continues doing the same shit. 

Wasted $180 because all I did was get up and wank myself over her face. Not because thats what I like but because it was more of an insult to her if that makes sense.

WIR yes the venue is good and I think generally the girls are ok but definitely not for Bella


