Floor: #1
Post Time: 28th April 2011, 06:59 PM
Poster ID: man4you22
Post Title: 
 Delightful Exotic Relaxation - 14/2 Techno Park Dve, Williamstown - 03 9397 0347
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Sally

Establishment: Delightful Exotic Relaxation

Date of Visit: April 28th 2011

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: 14/2 Techno Park Drive Williamstown

Hours of Business:  10.00am to 8.00pm

Rates:  $25 quickie hand relief;  $40 20 minute nude with hand relief; $60 30 minute nude with hand relief

Age:   20's and 30's

Size/shape:  attractive, trim, nice boobs and bums 

Nationality or Ethnicity:  Asian

Services Provided:  nude massage with hand relief; light touching

Value for money/recommend?:  yes, especially if you don't have much time to spare

My experience/comments: 

I visited the Asian relaxation centre in Williamstown Victoria.  A few Asian ladies were there all dressed nicely.  I had a choice of three services, a $25 quicky hand relief with the girl dressed, a $40 15 minute massage and hand relief with the girl nude or a $60 30 minute nude massage with a hand relief.

I went for the $60 massage and thoroughly enjoyed it.  She paid alot of attention to my legs, bottom, lower back and tummy area, occasionally brushing my  privates as she moved from legs to tummy, chest etc.

She had a great hand relief technique really bringing me along until I could no longer hang on.  I was allowed to touch her lightly during the service but also enjoyed her boobs on my face at one stage.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 28th April 2011, 07:15 PM
Poster ID: Musicnation
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Is the place actually called 'Asian Relaxation'? Cant find much on google friend.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 29th April 2011, 12:09 AM
Poster ID: BadAussieBoy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Great review man4you22!

Any chance of getting a phone number for this place to assist other punters?

Then we can get you set-up as a bronze member giving you full access to the 1000's of great reviews this forum has on offer.

Cheers,

BAB


Floor: #4
Post Time: 30th April 2011, 11:25 PM
Poster ID: man4you22
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
The number is 9397 0347.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 5th May 2011, 08:02 AM
Poster ID: Rodine
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Nice review mate, might have to check this one out for the express 'drive thru' service


Floor: #6
Post Time: 9th May 2011, 10:37 AM
Poster ID: Rodine
Post Title: 
 D.E.R. Williamstown - Victoria - Annie
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Annie

Establishment : D.E.R.

Date of Visit: 6/5/11

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: As above

Hours of Business: Unsure

Rates: As below

Age: Mid 30's

Size/shape: Slim to curvy

Nationality or Ethnicity: Chinese

Services Provided: RnT Massage

Value for money/recommend?:

After reading about the OP's experience here I decided to give this place a try as it isn't too far from the city and something new.

I seem to find that visiting the same place over and over gets me bored quite quickly, so rather than getting into habits (which can also lead to your undoing!) I like to try out new venues I haven't been too before.

I looked them up via the net in addition to the info I found on another forum and decided to drop in unannounced.
Found the place in a very industrial estate off a main road in Williamstown and parked my car a little further down the street as I do, and strolled back.
Entered and had to go upstairs to find it as its in a block of units that look quite old and run down. No indication outside to show what it could be, but rang the doorbell hoping it wasn't a wrong address!

There was some murmuring inside and after about 10 seconds the front door opened and a fairly attractive asian lady in her mid 30's opened the door and welcomed me inside straight away.
Sparse lounge room and 3 connecting doors to other rooms that I could see and she led me straight to the second door on the left which turned out to be a bedroom with a double bed and a massage table on the right.
Tissues, massage oil and a red lamp indicated I was indeed in the right place and she asked me if i'd been here before. The puzzled look on my face when I entered pretty much told her the answer, so I truthfully answered that I hadn't, but a friend had referred me.

She calmly ran through the pricing structure which was seems more than reasonable which was:

- Quickie hand relief - $25
- 20 minute nude with hand relief - $40
- 30 minute nude with hand relief - $60
- Oral (CBJ) an extra - $20

I opted for the $80 (30min with oral) and paid up and she left to get me change whilst instructing me to undress and hop on the table.
She came back, and starting to remove her clothes down to nothing except a pair of black mid thigh sheer stockings. YUM! She had a sexy body with just enough curves and a great rack that I was more than happy to stare at!

She started massaging my back with oil, but it was more of a soft massage with lots of nail tickling and light strokes. Before long she hopped up on the table and sat in between my spread legs (I was still face down) and proceeded to play with my cheeks and boys in between with nails and fingers.
At about the 15min mark, so asked me to turn over and placed a dom over my member and commenced the CBJ. Now i'm not usually a fan of CBJ's so I wasn't sure as to what I would get, and to be honest it wasn't that great. She used a bit too much teeth and it was a little too tight but did the job.
I was having some trouble getting over the line because of this, so she whipped off the dom and oiled me up again and continued with a light HJ. Another 5 mins of this as she then climbed up on the table and say again between my legs whilst she oiled my member up and down whilst facing me with both hands and the sight of this and her fantastic rack jiggling with momentum had be over the line with gusto!

She smiled and proceed to get some tissues and wipe me down gently whilst making small talk. Her name was Annie (aren't they all?) and she'd been here about 3-4months. The funny thing was she told me that this place has been there since 1997! It apparently has council licence to operate (probably due to the fact its a industrial zone) which made me feel a bit better.
I asked if I could DATY which she declined and i'm fairly sure no FS or anything else is in order as she seemed to be fairly set in the procedures there.

All in all a good experience compounded by the fact that she was quit attractive with the body type I like and pleasant to boot. Would I return, definitely as the pricing structure is quite attractive also and it is in a pretty discreet part of town.

Give it a try and see what you think!

Ro' out!


Floor: #7
Post Time: 14th May 2011, 04:25 PM
Poster ID: andrewblake
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
great to see you back Rodine and reviewing..

well detailed and accounted!

well done..

AB


Floor: #8
Post Time: 16th May 2011, 10:23 AM
Poster ID: Rodine
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks AB


Floor: #9
Post Time: 28th May 2011, 01:35 PM
Poster ID: jimbob11
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I have just got home from visiting this establishment and saw Annie. She clearly is in a fair routine as my experience seems pretty much identical to the one described by Rodine earlier in the thread.  I chose the $80 option 30 min 'massage' and the condom bj. Post bj (which was pretty average) she proceeded to hj and managed to put her index finger up my bum. Hadn't had that done before but it wasn't too bad haha.

If you enjoy the above then head down, Annie has a great body and let me feel her up except for nipples(weird)! Its not really a massage though, more a nail tickle. Undecided whether I will return but ir certainly wasn't bad.


Floor: #10
Post Time: 17th July 2011, 06:05 PM
Poster ID: ghen
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I didnt have a good experience at this place. Looks like commission flats (id doubt that theyre licensed), a bit dirty, not very discreet. Had to wait, and then the girl (not Annie, cant remember the name) was very ordinary.


Floor: #11
Post Time: 14th November 2012, 05:21 PM
Poster ID: psaiho1
Post Title: 
 lvl 1, 14 techno drv park, Altona. Victoria
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Anne

Establishment : Office / home

Date of Visit : 07/11/2012

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 93970347, lvl 1, suite 14 techno drv Park, Altona. victoria

Hours of Business : 10:30 - 8pm

Rates : 70 for nude massage, 100 for FS

Age : 35+

Size/shape : D cup/ size 10

Nationality or Ethnicity : chinese

Services Provided : massage and full 

Value for money/recommend? : yes

My experience/comments :
I went to this parlour quite often to visit Anne on shift.
Is a old office suite building and can be quite confuse for first timer
Anne is the best there is to offer because she has the best D cup natural titties I ever seem.
She can be very talkative and massage time can be quite boring when she on about how much luxury she has in china and rich friends.... 
But once she ask me to turn over, I couldnt help myself sucking those big titties.
She loves how I give her a 69 on the table or on a 3 seater sofa. (wth condom)
When I bang her pussy top or behind she just behave like a horny housewife.
Unfortunaly, she don't cum in mouth or face but she let me cum on her titties since Im quite regular there. 
Forget about the other ladies available on site, waste of money and time.
Forget about doing double as well ( been there and done it) better focus on Anne with full cumload.


Floor: #12
Post Time: 21st January 2013, 07:57 PM
Poster ID: Small Bane
Post Title: 
 Delightful Exotic Relaxation Williamstown  Kathy
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Kathy

Establishment : Delightful Exotic Relaxation

Date of Visit : January 2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 14/2 technophobe Drive Williamstown 03 9397 0347

Hours of Business : 10am - 7 pm

Rates : 30 minute nude massage + hand relief $60

Age : 40

Size/shape : Medium height slightly curvy

Nationality or Ethnicity : PRC

Services Provided : Massage, hand relief, playing with boobs, bum & gash.

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : Delightful Exotic Relaxation is located in a quiet industrial estate upstairs & can be a challenge the 1st time you seek it out. I rang the bell to No 14 & a PRC 40+ woman in a tight red skirt, named Kathy answered & ushered me into a room that had a bed & a massage table. $60 for nude hand relief & massage. Other things offered were  double, FS bj, cbj. I was only there to test the waters so I settled for the $60 offering.

Shower was actually in a bathroom next door & not in the room where the action was to take place. Once I dried off & returned to the action room in walked Kathy who stripped down to a pair of black thigh high stockings & ushered me to lie face down on the table.

Massage began with light touching interspersed with teasing of the tackle from behind while I rubbed her smooth behind & played with her hairy gash. Flipped over & the light banter got into dirty talk oil & more pressure applied to sensitive areas while I played with her tits  & I then exploded. She wiped me clean washed her hands & spent the rest of the time with gentle massage until the full 30 minutes had elapsed.

Kathy is a pleasant lady with reasonable sized boobs for a Chinese woman. Next time in the area I might buy a bit more from her or see what the other women have to offer. It pears that they only have 2 rooms 1 waiting room plus girls lounge/kitchen. You might have to ring ahead & make a booking or see who is on.


Floor: #13
Post Time: 18th September 2014, 08:59 AM
Poster ID: Small Bane
Post Title: 
 Delightful Exotic Relaxation - 14/2 Techno Park Dve, Williamstown - 03 9397 0347
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Cassie

Establishment : Delightful Exotic Relaxation SWA 4576xbe

Date of Visit : Sept 2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 14/2 Technopark Williamstown 03 9397 0347

Hours of Business : 10am - 8pm closed Sundays

Rates : 30 minutes $60HJ; $80CBJ $100FS

Age : 40+

Size/shape : Slim slightly curvy Bcup

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese PRC

Services Provided : 69 CBJ sensual massage 

Value for money/recommend? : Yes & Yes

My experience/comments : To get to this establishment you have to walk up a flight of stairs & make your way around until you finally come to No14. 

Greeted at the door by Cassie who ushered me into a room. Other room was occupied by another Woman & her client. Once inside you have 2 rooms but the shower is separate. This place is an older style flat. 2 working rooms, a waiting room, ladies room, kitchen & separate bathroom.

She ran thru the prices as above I settled the payment had a quick shower & waited for her to return. She  indicated the massage table but I indicated the bed - did not want 69 on a table. She stripped off her clothes but left on a suspender belt which I asked to remove - 69 not right with this.

For a 40+ she is in quite good shape. Started rubbing each other followed by a good round of boob sucking then on with the dom swing around to 69 while I wished I could breath thru my ears. A very satisfactory conclusion followed by a sensual rub down.

Will try some of the other ladies here plus FS from Cassie.


Floor: #14
Post Time: 25th December 2014, 10:03 AM
Poster ID: Small Bane
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : May

Establishment : Delightful Exotic Relaxation SWA 4576xbe  03 9397 0347

Date of Visit : Dec 20 2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 14/2 Technopark Drive Williamstown

Hours of Business : 10 -8

Rates : From $25 - $120 depending on time & service

Age : 40+

Size/shape : Medium height, build & a little curvy

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese - Hong Kong

Services Provided : CBJ, HJ, Erotic Massage, Suck on Boobs

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : Visited Delightful Exotic Relaxation or as they advertise in the local paper Asian Relaxation on Saturday December 20 with no one particular in mind – just see who was on & walk if not satisfied. May answered the door. I had not seen her before but she seemed pleasant enough so I booked 30 minutes. 

She has medium length black hair, & being from Hong Kong speaks reasonable English & is fairly easy to converse with. She has a very pleasant manner.


Full Service not on offer but booked cbj, hj, tit suck for $80. Once her clothes came off she has very fair smooth skin, B+ boobs almost C fairly large for a Chinese woman but nowhere near the D+ of Annie. Pubic hair is neatly trimmed but this can vary. Another punter might see it fully grown. I did not ask how often she trims it.

There is a massage table & bed in the room so we adjourned to the bed & started with me sucking her beautiful boobs, while she played with me. Next came a massage with plenty of tackle tickle & on with the dom for CBJ. This was done without 69 position – she does not do this along with FS or clit play.  Once the dom came off there was more massage & playing  &  a very satisfying HJ.

She works Wed & Sat. Massage & HJ only for 30 minutes would be $60 & there are even cheaper options than that down to 10 minutes for HJ only. Anything of shorter duration you could leave your car’s engine running!

Would be interested to know if anyone has been able to obtain FS, 69 or cat play out of May.


Floor: #15
Post Time: 27th September 2015, 09:08 PM
Poster ID: drillr
Post Title: 
 Delighful Exotic Relaxation - Williamstown Vic - (03) 9397 0347
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : May

Establishment : Delightful Exotic Relaxation

Date of Visit : 26/9/15

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Unit 14 / 2 Techno Park Drive, Williamstown. Victoria 

Hours of Business : Mon-Sat 10am - 8pm

Rates : $70 for 30 min nude massage and CBJ

Age : Hard to tell but I guess early 40's

Size/shape : Short with B cup and a very nice trim body

Nationality or Ethnicity : HK Chinese

Services Provided: Massage 7/10 and CBJ 8/10

Value for money/recommend? : I will go back and try one of the other ladies

My experience/comments : I've been to this place on a couple of occasions over the past year with various results. All have been good for sure but nobody there has really done it for me so far, to make me rush back.  There was a girl Annie who was pretty good but I think too much matter of fact, just going through the routine without putting any real effort into it. Fucked her for an additional $30 but I really wasn't so impressed as to rush back the following week!.
For those who haven't been here before it is a bit hard to find as it is a 2nd floor unit in what was a former migrant hostel, so I'm told. Lots of units around a central courtyard. Parking is out the back and it is all fairly quiet and no need for the walk of shame.  The door was opened by May who immediately said, 'welcome back, I haven't seen you for a long time!'.  She is a friendly, quietly spoken lady and she ushered me into a room with a double bed and separate massage table.  Asked what I wanted and said 30 min nude massage and hopefully full service.  May said she doesn't normally do f/s but would do a nude massage and CBJ to finish for $70.  I said lets go, but first she said I need to go and wash my hands if I want to touch her.  That sounded good as I was immediately thinking about inserting a digit into her fun hole and perhaps more.
so strip off and onto the table for a massage that really did nothing for me. I asked for it hard but it ended up with a lot of thumping and clicking (if you know what I mean) but no real good massage, even though I had requested oil. May is a little short and didn't get up on the table, nor did she give the Crown Jewels any tickle-up, so when she said, 'turn over' the old fella was still fast asleep, as I nearly was listening to May chatter on.  Don't get me wrong as May is a really nice lady and perhaps she needs a bit of coaching by her boss about getting her customers better ready before the flip.  Anyway over I went and May proceeded to get the dom ready to slip on and she managed this quite well as some girls do by pushing it on (or is it sucking it on) with their mouth.  So away she went, doing her best to suck the bejeesus out of my old fella which slowly was coming to attention. I asked her to bring her arse around a bit to feel her pussy but that was no go and I was only allowed to gently touch it through the hairy front side. No joy there so I said how about getting up on the table and letting me have a good look at her pussy. . . That was absolutely no go as well.  I then said how about letting me give her a lick on the puss and that was absolutely out of the question, so I was really not getting anywhere at all.
Seeing that all the good stuff was not going to happen I just stroked her rather nice ass and rubbed and gently squeezed her nipple until it was time to shoot my load into her mouth which was a nice way to finish off.
i will go back again, but I won't choose May because despite being a really lovely person she was not quite what I was looking for and I will take my chance with someone else as all good punters do, ever looking for that elusive miss perfect who is so hard to find!


Floor: #16
Post Time: 29th April 2016, 10:43 AM
Poster ID: Small Bane
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Linda

Establishment : Delightful Exotic Relaxation sometimes Asian Relaxation

Date of Visit : April 28 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 14/2 Technopark Drive Williamstown

Hours of Business : 10 am - 8pm

Rates : $80.00 for 30 mins FS

Age : late 40s

Size/shape : Petite 160 cm

Nationality or Ethnicity : PRC

Services Provided : massage, fiv, cbj FS

Value for money/recommend? : Yes/Yes

Hadn’t been to DER for several months. Turned up without appointment & met at door by Linda a possibly late 40s+ milf fairly conservatively dressed with spectacles. She  said she was the receptionist but did do massages if the other ladies were busy. I asked her prices $60 for half nude massage & $20 extra for cbj of FS.

I handed over $80 – she departed & was back within one minute. Massage started with us both lying naked playing with one another. This went on for quite some time with the majority of the time having her push my fingers into her inner parts & her relishing  the pleasure. After 20 minutes she said it was time for sex. We started with a bit of oral & finished with mish.

For those who have been to DER before she is quite a pleasant lady similar to May but a bit younger & offering more services & more intimate. Her English is limited.

As with all ladies & places YMMV


Floor: #17
Post Time: 4th June 2016, 03:27 PM
Poster ID: mlbrntfan
Post Title: 
 Kororoit Creek Rd Williamstown
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Annie 

Establishment : Delightful Erotic Relaxation

Date of Visit : 28 May 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 93970347

Hours of Business : 10 am - 8pm not sure on Sunday

Rates : 60 - 100 for 30 mins

Age : in her late 30's

Size/shape : slim with bolt ons

Nationality or Ethnicity : PRC

Services Provided : rnt, oral or fs

Value for money/recommend? : yes

My experience/comments: Interesting experience with Annie, paid the $60 for a rnt, started out with me lying face down and Annie on the table massaging my back for about 5 minutes, asked to swap and she lied face down and asked me to massage her, this continued for about 15 minutes where she turned over and invited me to daty. After about 5 minutes she brought her knees to her chest and started the tug part of the massage. After a few minutes she encouraged me to masturbate and she started playing with her clit and exposing her fanny and encouraging me to cum over her fanny. Outcome successful, cleaned herself up and out the door.


Floor: #18
Post Time: 18th June 2016, 01:38 PM
Poster ID: mlbrntfan
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Casey

Establishment : as above

Date of Visit : 18th June

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : as above

Hours of Business : a/a

Rates : a/a

Age : late 30/ early 40's

Size/shape : slim with b cups

Nationality or Ethnicity : PRC

Services Provided : hr, oral

Value for money/recommend? : yes

My experience/comments : Returned today, Annie on holidays due back soon, Casey ushered me into room and exchanged pleasantries. Nudged up and waited for Casey to return. Massage was firm and much better than Annie imo. Slowl teasing massage on the lower leads and tackle tickle and the popular saying from AML please turn over. 

Casey has great technique and let's you suck her breasts. One disappointment was she leans hard against the table which prevents exploring her kitty. Ended up with the usual eruption and Casey manages to extract every last drop which I thoroughly enjoy. 

Casey works Wednesday and Friday normally, wonder with repeat visits if she loses the shyness with her kitty access. Time will tell.


Floor: #19
Post Time: 10th January 2019, 08:46 AM
Poster ID: Small Bane
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Cherry (As per the fruit she told me)

Establishment : Delightful Exotic Relaxation 

Date of Visit : Jan 3 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : a/a

Phone :a/a but I think it may be disconnected. I tried to ring but "Number not available" So I just turned up on spec.

Hours of Business : a/a

Rates : Negotiable but I paid $70 for 30 minutes but was cheated on time.

Age : Late 20s early 30s

Size/shape : Curvy for an Asian woman.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Erotic massage, cat & tit play CBJ in 69 position

Value for money/recommend? : Apart from time cheating an enjoyable experience

My experience/comments : 

Hadn’t been to this establishment for some time. Greeted by Cherry – just the same as the fruit she told me. Cherry is a reasonable looking Chinese lady anywhere from mid 20s’ to mid 30s  & considerably younger than most ladies who have worked here over the years. Quite curvy for an Asian lady & spoke reasonable English.

As I hadn’t seen her before I didn’t want to over spend in case she was a poor performer. Negotiated 30 minutes mutual play & CBJ for $70. Anyway she was straight into it – got her gear off quicker than I did for some standing up feeling up & a good suck on her B+ boobs. This went on for about 5 minutes & then we adjourned to the bed to continue. She played with me with high speed & didn’t let up & jerked me off in the 69 position. This was followed by a quick massage & all over just over 23 minutes – so a bit of time cheating.

Despite short time was an enjoyable experience with enthusiastic service & I’ll try her at least once more  – but note to self: Negotiate  harder & better next time & set you phone alarm/timer to 30 minutes. She gave a strong hint that she offers FS & works elsewhere. 

Currently Cherry works here 3 days Monday, Thursday & Saturday, usually the same day as Annie.


