Thread Title: The Forum Gentlemans Club - 20 Norton Dve, Melton - 03 9746 8922
Floor: #1
Post Time: 21st October 2012, 11:56 PM
Poster ID: hornykiwi
Post Title: 
 The Forum Gentlemans Club - 20 Norton Dve, Melton - 03 9746 8922
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Shella

Establishment : The Forum

Date of Visit : 21 Oct 2012

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 20 Norton Dr, Melton

Hours of Business : 12pm

Rates : $110 - 30 mins

Age : 40

Size/shape : 8

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : FS

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)
Happened to be out at Melton today and popped into the Forum. The place was in the middle of a quiet area and had off street parking. I was greeted by a friendly male reception staff member and told to go to the first room to greet the girls. The first young lady that came in had just finished(or was still eating) her lunch and had some garlic that was still on her breath. The other two ladies that came in were pleasant but older and not my type of ladies. I asked of there were any others and was advised that there was one due to finish in 5 mins so I decided to wait.

Shella(I think that was her name) came and introduced herself and I decided to spend some time with her. I paid for my 30 mins and was lead to a clean and tidy room and was left for a couple of minutes so I could have a shower.  When she returned she said that she could like to give me a massage and then proceeded to get herself undressed(Nice and tidy body). Her massage was light but I enjoyed her body slides that she started to do. I turned over and started to play with her breasts and found that her nipples responded well to the attention. She proceeded to get a condom and give a very nice CBJ. After a couple of minutes she hooped on and proceeded to plunge herself deep onto my cock and I could feel her clit rub against me. After cuming we lied back and had a good chat about some of the things she gets up to


