Thread Title: Blue Room Massage - St Peters  - 08 8363 1563
Floor: #1
Post Time: 31st December 2013, 05:39 PM
Poster ID: Krinkle
Post Title: 
 Blue Room Massage - St Peters  - 08 8363 1563
				
Post Content: 
Hey mate she's a gem isn't she?

My only criticism would be that she is a bit to full on, not too much teasing etc.

During a rub and tug I like having my balls gently stroked my anus lightly tickled which leads to me building a massive erection and the look of accomplishment on the girls face.

However anytime you have a chick with great tits giving you a rimjob is good obviously...

I guess my fetish is getting the unexpected and with Jen you know what your getting from the get go

Your thoughts?


Floor: #2
Post Time: 3rd January 2014, 07:25 PM
Poster ID: Krinkle
Post Title: 
 Blue room adelaide
				
Post Content: 
Had the pleasure if seeing Becky the other day.

She's about 5'8" with fit little rig on her.
Very tight little ass and nice d cup jugs. 

She gave a great massage and I'm sure it will be more sensual on next visit.

This time she had just had a mole removed from her left tit so she couldn't really 'use' it on me and I so wanted to titfuck those norks

She was impressed with my shaved balls and sizeable wang upon the turnover and I think I'll get more out of her service next time round when I get to know her better

If you want to she a great set of tits while getting a great rub look no further - unless it's Jen - then you'll get your Angus licked


Floor: #3
Post Time: 4th January 2014, 10:35 PM
Poster ID: gooseberry
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Been twice in the last week. Lolita provided a nice sensual fully naked service with body slides. While a bit mechanical she did take her time to work me up to a great orgasm. She does have a nice body and Worth a try.
Second time was Macey which was disappointing. Not a lot of teasing and not sensual and hardly seamed any time when told to turn and then straight to the job. No body slides and kept her g-string on. Not worth the money
One thing I also learnt is to make sure you have correct weight as no change. 
Only one I ever want to see again next time I am in Adelaide is Amy at Purple Sofa - exceptional is all that needs to be said. Their web site does have pics of her. She is engaging and enjoys what she does. Want to run away with her.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 6th January 2014, 01:45 AM
Poster ID: Krinkle
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
What does macey look like? 

I can forego an average massage for a nice set of tits... And a pretty face


Floor: #5
Post Time: 6th January 2014, 11:21 PM
Poster ID: gooseberry
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
A pretty face but that's about where it ends. Tits are disappointing.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 27th July 2016, 12:20 PM
Poster ID: Krinkle
Post Title: 
 Scarlett - Blueroom Massage, St Peters - 8363 1563
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Scarlett

Establishment : Blueroom

Date of Visit : 21/7/16

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 83631563 http://blueroommassage.com.au/

Hours of Business : 11am-11pm

Rates : $190 per hour

Age : 20-25

Size/shape : fit size 10

Nationality or Ethnicity : aussie

Services Provided : r&t massage 

Value for money/recommend? : oh yeah

My experience/comments : 
Hqving seen some reviews of Scarlett, decided to book to see her. She also has occasional ads on fracker and her pictures showcase her tits and arse nicely.

notmal procedure, wait in room for girl to come in, pay., she leaves and you undress and lie face down on table. She walks back in, gives me a kiss and proceeds to strip off. She has amazing DD tits and a fit arse.

Starts of running her finger tips up my leg, along my crack up to my neck, which got my wang erect. Pretty standard body rub, but she excels at teasing the hell out of your ballsack and anus. Finished up with body slides which felt great.

on the flip I'm totally hard and ready to explode after seeing those tits close up. She didn't go right for the cock which I appreciated, but rather continued massaging with the occasional brush of my Johnson. Then she sauced it up with front body slides and I got to suck on her tits. She gives light kisses but no tongue. She did let me finger her and she has nice meaty flaps.

i finished up blowing all her tits, which she said she loved. I've been back again already and I highly recommend - she's the best looking massage girl in Adelaide right now!


Floor: #7
Post Time: 27th April 2017, 03:09 PM
Poster ID: Krinkle
Post Title: 
 Blueroom Massage - Evie 83631563
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Evie

Establishment : Blueroom

Date of Visit : 19 April, 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : http://blueroommassage.com.au/index.php/our-girls/

Hours of Business : 11am-midnight

Rates : 180 ph

Age : 19

Size/shape : size 6 , skinny toned

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : r&t massage

Value for money/recommend? : ok, normal rate for this place , not recommended unless you love big fake tits

My experience/comments : I made a booking with Evie based on a recommendation - was told she's a can't miss type.

Arrive at venue and park round the back, receptionist showed me through to the massage room.

was waiting about 10min for Evie to come in. She arrives wearing some kind of corset thing that made her tits bulge nicely. Took the money and asked me to strip and lie face down.

I had an erection at this point in anticipation of seeing those milk duds of hers. She returns and strips off, at this point I still couldn't tell if her tits were real or fake.

Her  massage was passable - pretty good pressure and good technique. Once she started the bodyslides my fears were confirmed - fake tits! Each to their own but I hate them personally. Her tits were quite hard and the slide just wasn't doing much for me. After the slide she continued massaging for a bit before telling me to roll over. There was no teasing or edging before this and I was dissapointingly flacid.

On my front now I grabbed hold of her ass. Pretty tight as it should be for a girl her size. She was pretty much straight into the frontal slide and it was much the same - not doing it for me. She was reluctant to let me fondle her tits let alone suck on them.

She started stroking my wang and I thought I'd nver get hard. Amazingly I got erect and she pulled me off over my stomach. Her technique on the gu was so so at best - just pumped away with nothing else going on.

I honestly couldn't wait to leave - she was a good looking bird with a nice body but nothing about the whole experience did anything for me.


Floor: #8
Post Time: 8th January 2019, 08:52 PM
Poster ID: Ryj31168
Post Title: 
 Ava - Blue Room - 83631563
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Ava

Establishment : Blue Room

Date of Visit : Mid-December

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Adelaide

Phone : 83631563

Hours of Business : Unsure

Rates : $190 p/h

Age : mid-20s?

Size/shape : short, slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie, with mediteranean background 

Services Provided : Massage, RNT

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments :

I have seen Ava many times, but I will review my most recent visit. Ava is small but with beautiful breasts, and she likes them played with. She does a good firm massage with some lighter strokes, sexy bodyslides, and spends a lot of time on your back before the flip. She talks a little but not too much, which is how I like it.

On the flip she is a slow tease in a great way, and does not mind reciprocal touching although YMMV as always.

Sexy, fun girl. I do not punt very often so the fact that I see her often says a lot.


