Thread Title: Chloe - Stephies Erotic Massage Norwood SA - 08 8333 2102
Floor: #1
Post Time: 24th May 2016, 11:38 PM
Poster ID: Mercurio56
Post Title: 
 Chloe - Stephies Erotic Massage Norwood SA - 08 8333 2102
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Chloe

Establishment : Stephies Erotic Massage

Date of Visit : May 16

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Stephies Erotic Massage and Adult Relaxation

Hours of Business : 9:00 am - Midnight - most nights

Rates : $190/hr

Age : mid/late 20s

Size/shape : slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Caucasian

Services Provided : Massage

Value for money/recommend? : Yes, yes and yes!

My experience/comments : 

Not that I get to Adelaide that much, but it sure pays to read these forums.

I  decided to visit a R&T place in Adelaide and scoped out the  options.  It came down to The Blue Room and Stephies and Stephies won.

Reading the reviews I decided that I should try to sample he delights the lovely Chloe.  Boy am I glad i did.

She  is a stunning girl and has such a lovely personality.  When she dropped  the little alcy things she was wearing, wow was I impressed.

I  was there for a 45 minute massage and she had me lie on the bed.  We  both did lots of talking which relaxed us both, or rather I may have  made he feel comfortable with me, because her massage was making me more  than relaxed.  Stephies ins only RnT and in our chat Chloe sweetly let  me know what I could and could not do.  I was able to run my mads all  over her compact little bum and also caress her lovely breasts and play  with her nipples.   She did encourage me that she liked to have them  played with and I was so happy to oblige.  Needless to say I enjoyed the  massage.

But I thought what she offered next was  the icing on the cake.  Rather than head me off to the shower, she  offered to give me a sponge bath.  Guys, it was almost as good as the  massage,with her washing me with the hot washer to get  off all the oil  and then gently rubbing me dry.

If I am back in  Adelaide, i will definitely visit Chloe again.  She said that her days  are Tuesday, Thursday and Friday.  I better be back in town on one of  those days!


