Thread Title: Elite Relaxation Centre - 226 Magill Rd, Beulah Park - 08 8333 2877
Floor: #1
Post Time: 11th July 2014, 04:20 PM
Poster ID: Jc200
Post Title: 
 Elite Relaxation Centre - 226 Magill Rd, Beulah Park - 08 8333 2877
				
Post Content: 
Updated experience below - I will share what I and the lady would feel comfortable with. 

Name : Simmone

Establishment : Elite (I think)

Date of Visit : June 

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 226 magill rd

Hours of Business : day/late

Rates : 50/80/100 + extras

Age : 28

Size/shape : tall/slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Caucasian 

Services Provided : massage, CBJ

Value for money/recommend? : Great!

My experience/comments : This venue (cnr magill and portrush rd) get's mixed reports. Usually leaning to the not so good. But I visited last week to see Simmone, a tall blonde slim and attractive young lady.

She advertised on cracker, which is known for its fake photos. Her photos are real!

She is pleasant and friendly - and gave a proper massage - I was able to touch her back, lightly, nothing below the waste - legs and buttocks I'm sure would be fine. She does not offer full service. I respected all her rules, and enjoyed the presence of a beautiful young woman. 

I enjoyed looking at her thanks to a mirror and then we finished the massage with covered fellatio.

Of the three women available she was the most attractive and well spoken.

We all have different preferences - but her legs and waist... definite ten.

I will be back, treat her with respect.

I would feel more comfortable if she worked privately as the establishment is on a main road.

The cracker link won't be valid for more than a day as they're always updated - the search function will bring up the results for this interested.

As for price, including tip I spent $200. I tipped approx. $30 - $50.

Can't quite remember - I get a bit nervous when they start explaining the additional services, so it's easier to hand over a bit more at the beginning and ask for a nice time, knowing I'm happy with what I've paid and there's a bit of a tip for her service. Then it's just on with the good stuff!

The service went for 1/2 hour - the CBJ was an extra hence the higher price.

Simmone was dressed in lingerie but everything was exposed.

Very seductive. I need to see her again!

The min massage service starts at $50 for those wanting quick relief!

I hope this helps anyone interested?

Safe punting.


