Thread Title: Aanie and Friends - South Coogee - 0424 411 337)
Floor: #1
Post Time: 18th September 2018, 11:50 AM
Poster ID: bomberdoode
Post Title: 
 Aanie and Friends - South Coogee - 0424 411 337)
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Miki

Establishment : Aanie $ Friends

Date of Visit : 18/09/2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Denning Street South CoogeeHome - Aanie&Friends | Erotic Massage & Escort near Coogee, Bondi, Double Bay

Phone : 0424 411 337

Hours of Business : 9am - Late (by appointment) 

Rates : 30 min - $120 

Age : 24

Size/shape : Slim. B cups

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Cowgirl and Missionary. NHJ

Value for money/recommend? : NO

My experience/comments :

Look, swayed by rate and proximity I texted and booked a 30 min session.

Located in Denning Street Coogee, exact number is given upon arrival.

Booking was easy via text.  Text handled by someone other than WL. I had booked for 10am and then received a text suggesting 1030am as traffic was an issue. I agreed and then found out from Miki that she had a 9am client who left at 10am.

Cut a long story short it was like this:

Arrived and knock
Chinese girl with Tattoo on her back answers (wearing bra and knickers)
Not bad but not a glamour (as per the marketing)
She has been in Australia for two months.
Cramped Granny flat, She obviously lives there.
I shower and she strips.
I lie on the bed and she strokes the knob for 20 seconds and then reaches for condom.
Puts condom on flaccid cock.
Squirts lube (Olay imitation) on hand and lubes up - generally a mood killer for me, even if I see it on a porno.
Climbs on-board.
After a few minutes I instruct her to line down.
I pump for a while in Mish.
No kissing on offer ( Im not disappointed, however a kiss goes a long way to getting me over the line).
No Sucking on offer. She suggested that instead of $120, a payment of $150 gets a suck as an inclusion.
Realise I probably wont make it today.
I ease off and start the small talk eg You pretty Mikii, You sexy Miki you like Australia Miki? etc
She is keen for me to blow so offers handjob etc
I decide I will avoid the inconvenience to myself by cumming.
With 5 minutes to go I hop up, shower, dress and leave.
As my income streams have been a little lean of late I'm dirty on myself for wasting $120. 

Generally its not her fault. She is nice, friendly but really inexperienced and her expectations of what this job may entail for a WL has not yet fully been realised. Her English poor to medicore.

I say AVOID unless you know who you are meeting. As always YMMV buts is a No from me.


