Thread Title: Xclusive Black Label - 104 Ebley St, Bondi Junction - 02 9387 8883
Floor: #1
Post Time: 27th January 2011, 11:15 PM
Poster ID: irobotme
Post Title: 
 Xclusive Black Label - 104 Ebley St, Bondi Junction - 02 9387 8883
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name:Mia

Establishment (if applicable):Xclusive Black Label

Contact Details/Address:Rear 104 Ebley St Bondi Juntion 9387 8883 

Hours of Business: (if known or applicable)

Prices:$130/30mins $220/60mins

Age:24

Size/shape:B/C cup,Slim

Nationality or Ethnicity:Malaysian

Services:Full Service

Value for money/recommend?:Yes

My experience/comments: Saw an Malaysian girl there last week, Mia.She was exactly my body preference. If you're a DD and Big Booty fan, stop reading now, because that's what I don't like, and that's not what she's got. However, if you like an exceptionally pretty face and super slim body (not scrawny slim) with a perfect pert B/C cup, like me, this is a girl you have to see. Now I prefer "massage" with lots of body to body action without FS, and this is exactly what I got, and no problem with any of my suggested format and inclusions, however my suggestions don't extend to BBBJ's and the like, unless offered at no extra charge. The only thing missing for a blanket 10/10 for me, was porcelain white skin, but that's a really rare ask these days. As it is, she has the silkiest of flawless coffee coloured skin, now we can't have everything, can we. And an Indian with porcelian white skin probably doesn't exist. I did find a Siberian girl with the aforementioned skin about 10 years ago at the old 29 Newland Street Misty's. Anyway, if your preference is like mine, ring and see when she's in. And a reminder, it's the same price as Misty's just across the road, so it's not a budget establishment


Floor: #2
Post Time: 30th January 2011, 09:59 PM
Poster ID: worldofsmut
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Wait. So their full service is the same price as their rub and tug?


Floor: #3
Post Time: 30th January 2011, 10:38 PM
Poster ID: mito2
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I think this is no longer part of Mistys


Floor: #4
Post Time: 13th July 2011, 11:24 PM
Poster ID: Gmartster
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Brooke
Establishment : Xclusive Black Label - 104 Ebley St, Bondi Juntion - 02 9387 8883

Date of Visit : 
13/7/2011
Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Rear 104 Ebley St Bondi Juntion 9387 8883 


Hours of Business :  

Rates : 130/30mins 180/45 mins $220/60mins (if 1st time $10 off up to an hour & $20 off for the hour)



Age : would say early 30s

Size/shape : slim - a cup - a bit of a tummy but great legs

Nationality or Ethnicity : Could be English but says from Perth

Services Provided : massage - could have had CBJ for $50 but passed

Value for money/recommend? : At best average 

My experience/comments : Nice lady - good chat - very hard deep tissue massage (albeit seemed to know what she was doing). Only when turned over was there much sensuality. Did at least give a nice look at pussy when giving the 'tug' and free to touch on the outside. Far too expensive for a RnT and I will not be going back to Brook or this place. Note told the evening girls do offer FS but dont know the additional cost


Floor: #5
Post Time: 1st September 2011, 10:18 PM
Poster ID: tgr
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Bianca

Establishment : Xclusive

Date of Visit : 1/9/11

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Rear 104 Ebley St Bondi Juntion 9387 8883


Hours of Business :  ?

Rates : 300/h

Age : 20ish

Size/shape : Short, slim with rather flat chest

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : FS (DATY extra $50)

Value for money/recommend? : Not really

My experience/comments : I guess my time started off quite badly here, was shown about 5 girls of which only Bianca caught my eye.  We went down to the room and she said to take a shower, she would get the drinks ready and then be back in 5 min.  Well the one thing she forgot was to turn the hot water on (Why they turn it off I don't know!), so I'm standing there for the 5 min trying to get the water hot, she then comes back and spends another 5 min trying to get it to turn on - all of which is counted as part of the time!

We get chatting and she is quite friendly, she then starts the CBJ which was good.  I went down on her for a bit, she was quite responsive (although having a pierced clit made it a little hard, kept on hitting my teeth!) and seemed to enjoy it.  We then started the action and she was a bit star fish during it which was a bit off putting.  After that was over she then started massaging my back and we chatted some more.  The massage was really good which makes me want to go back for just that and skip the FS!


Floor: #6
Post Time: 2nd September 2011, 08:30 AM
Poster ID: Overtheedge
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
XcLusive offers both R & T Services and Full Service.  What is on offer depends on the girl.

The establishment is the cleanest and most modern going around.  However, they rely on the girls that cant get a look in at Mysties.

I had spent some time with Hannah, a young, tight German tourist.

She is blonde, great C cup firm tits, a tidy body and a very tight bald snatch.

I was looking for full service but the girls offering were Asian.  I go to the cheaper Asian joints for this.

The receptionist told me that Hannah offers extras and it would be likely that i would get full service.  On my way to the room, i was discussing extending my stay when Jordan (another WL) guaranteed me that i wouldnt.  in her words "way too young".

Anyway, i was offered oral for an additional $ 50.  After paying,  I realised that it was on her, not me.  She didnt want to do it as she had a boyfriend.

Basically, it was pretty boring.  I was eating her pussy the entire time and she wasnt overly wet or enjoying it (despite her saying she was).

I came with her playing with herself and a pulling my cock off in 69 position.  What i couldnt understand is that she took my load on her face.  I was telling her i was cumming and she lent down over my cock.  I only noticed it got her in the face when she was showering next to me.

When she walked me out, i realised that she looked far younger than the early 20's i was told.  Whilst i am only in my 30's, i feel guilty about my session with her.

Basically, this poor young girl was like a rabbit in head lights.  Too nervous to be doing what she is doing.

I was so disappointed during the session that i was planning on heading over to Mysties for some real fun.  Restricted finances got the better of me after the session and i walked past Mysties and caught the first cab home, frustrated, dick in hand!


Floor: #7
Post Time: 30th June 2012, 04:49 PM
Poster ID: JB
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Gwen

Establishment : Xclusive

Date of Visit : 26/6/12 Late...

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Rear 104 Ebley St Bondi Juntion 9387 8883


Hours of Business : ?

Rates : 250/h

Age : Late 20's

Size/shape : 5'5" Athletic, fit, very cute

Nationality or Ethnicity : Black (maybe Carabean?) maybe born and bred in Aussie..

Services Provided : Massage DATY, RnT

Value for money/recommend? : YES

Had been to dinner and enjoyed probably 1 bottle of red to many but a client insisted on a massage, who was to object? Off we went up the road to 
104 Crown Street but all the ladies busy so into a cab and out to Bondi, not my usual haunt but my client new his way around.
Nearly killed ourselves laughing after the first girl came in (luckily a couple of others to choose from) and it was another 10 minutes till in walked Gwen. Off I went and I do remember being impressed by the set out and decour of this place, bit flash!
Into the shower and onto the massage table, huge room with 2 showers, massage table and double bed. 
Nice massage, found myself falling asleep so suggested we reverse the roles and I certainly rember her tight body! Soon progressed onto some Daty which she enjoyed immensly then it was my turn....Was enjoying the tug but it just was not going to happen, not sure if it was the mornings funeral, or my lunchtime visit to 346 lindfield but most likely the extra bottle of red and great steak at Kingsleys......
Will have to try and make my way back to visit and appreciate the lovely Gwen!
JB1


Floor: #8
Post Time: 8th April 2013, 04:34 PM
Poster ID: Slyguy000
Post Title: 
 X-clusive Bondi review
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Can't remember

Establishment : X-clusive

Date of Visit : Feb 2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Gray Street, Bondi Junction (rear of 104 Ebley St). Ph 9387 8883

Hours of Business : 10am till late

Rates : $200/half hour, 320/hour

Age : Mid to late 30s

Size/shape : C cup, slim, tanned, 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Italian or greek?

Services Provided : Massage, mutual touching (but only above the waist)

Value for money/recommend? : NO

My experience/comments :

Went to this joint after finding their ad on the net. they boast about being the only 6star parlour in the eastern suburbs. The girls on the website are very attractive and this got my attention. 
Was in the area and made a phone call to them to see how many girls were on shift, I had one from the website in mind and was hoping she would be on. Anyway, I was told the one I was looking for wasnt in, but there were more than 10 girls on apparently. I asked for names/descriptions of the ones on, but was told "just come over! There's heaps to choose from. I cant name them all. Just come!" It sounded temtping enough. I thought "10 girls on, surely I'll find one that's worht it" I made my way over and got there about 15mins after the phone call. 
I was taken to a little waiting room where the girls were shown to me individually. They only showed me 5. I asked where are the other 5 or so you said were on?! I was told some went home already!!?? This is at like 2pm!! None of them really took my fancy, but I thought I'm here now, I might as well choose one. I chose a slim Italian/Greek looking lady with a nice body and rack, probably aged in her late 30s. I tell the madam I only want a massage, which apparently is supposed to a body2body slide with happy ending. (they offer fs, but i wasnt going to pay for a fs with a chick i didnt even really fancy, so just chose the massage cos its cheaper)

I get taken to a room where there is massage table with a hole in it where your dick goes. Anyway, I get naked as does the chick, and she gets to working. The masssage was pretty poor. It seemed like she didnt want to be there at all. After about 10 mins, she turns me over and starts playing with my dong. At this stage, she still hadn;t laid any of her body on my body, as I was expecting as part of the service. I ask her about the body slide, and she tells me 'That's extra. This a massage only." I think to myself "WTF??! First I get tricked into coming to this joint becuase there are more than 10 girls on, only to find out there were only 5, and none of particular quality. Now, Im getting ripped off on my service. Note to self: This is last time Im coming here!!" 

So i ask her if I can at least touch her, she says "Only above the waist". Shit, so now I cant even tocuh her box! Great! Anyway, she gets working on the dong again, and I can see her looking around the room, every few seconds or so, sneaking a glimpse at the clock. By now Im only 15 mins into the service. I tell myself, "fuck it. Hold on for as long as you can. This chick can work for it." after about 2-3 mins, I can see her arm is getting tired and she says to me "Are you almost there?" I say not yet, just keep going. She doesnt seem impressed with that answer and begrudgingly continues on stroking away. She eventually gets me there, but not from effort of her own. I pretty much had to tell myself to just get there as time was running out. She seems relieved its over and walks me out after the massage. No kisses or conversation. Just pretty much silence through most it. I wasn't impressed at all. I wont be going back again.


Floor: #9
Post Time: 16th April 2013, 06:52 PM
Poster ID: le_man
Post Title: 
 Xclusive - 104 Ebley Street Bondi Junction
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lisa

Establishment : Xclusive Bondi Junction

Date of Visit : 15th April 2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : http://www.xclusiveladies.com.au/

Hours of Business : 10am until 'late' (was there at about 3am)

Rates : $290/h FS (was offered $320 for 'delux' but opted for standard) $230/h for Massage with HE and BJ

Age : Seemed like mid 20's (said she was 19) 

Size/shape : Petite C cup breasts

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Massage, CBJ, FS, Bodyslide

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

Didn't find out about this place until I saw an ad by one of the girls on cracker. Was surprised to see that it was literally right next to Westfield Bondi junction. At first I was hesitant as it's generally a very busy place, but Ebley st. is quite quiet. However, I could not find a back entrance so if you're paranoid about being seen that's something to consider.

Upon entering I noticed that the place was very clean and the 'receptionist' was very professional and accommodating. She showed me to a room where I got to choose which girl I could pick. I chose Lisa, a petite girl but with great breasts (though bit smaller without the push up bra). She said she was Thai. Her English was alright, only basic communication, but that didn't really concern me that much. 

We started off with a chat, and she let me kiss her to get warmed up. She was quite enthusiastic and almost forgot that she was a WL for a while. I had booked an hour and we basically did not stop right until the last minute, which was great, I really felt like I got my money's worth. She was pretty liberal with what we were allowed to do, was kinda disappointed with the lack of bbj and DATY">cunnilingus


Floor: #10
Post Time: 13th May 2013, 12:26 PM
Poster ID: Overtheedge
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Alexia

Ethnicity:   Half Thai half Australian.... She looks Kiwi.
Age:           37
Body:          Former swimsuit model.  Size 8.  Tiny titties.  Evidence of her age and possibly kids
Experience: PSE
Cost:           $ 200 for half an hour.  Spent 45 minutes.  Was given an additional 15 mins as they were quiet and she was enjoying 
                   herself
Value:         10/10

I rocked up in a drunken state after midnight.  I was introduced to approx 8 girls.  6 were full Asian and in my honest opinion, average looking and should be working at an average establishment.  Reception was honest and told me not to waste my time with the others and recommended either Sassy or Alexia.  I flipped a coin and took Alexia.

I showered and got down to business.  It was a great fuck.  We enjoyed various positions, DATY, BBJ, doggy, missionary, spooning.  The more we went the more she enjoyed it!  she rode me like it was the rodeo... I smashed her pussy as hard as i could..... She loved it!   With a fist full of hair in one hand and two fingers up her butt with the other, her grinding down on my cock hard and fast  she squirted down my cock!  I loved it!  She then sat on my face an let her pussy juices drip down my throat!

By this stage, her pussy was throbbing and she needed some recovery time.

I begged her for anal but it wasnt on the cards.

To get me over the line, she gave me a lovely BBJ .  She licked and played with my ass and allowed CIM.  What she didnt swallow was all over her titties.

Highly recommended.

OTE


Floor: #11
Post Time: 13th June 2013, 01:07 PM
Poster ID: JDiddy1992
Post Title: 
 Xclusive Ladies Bondi Junction
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jana

Establishment : Xclusive Ladies

Date of Visit : 05/06/2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 104 Ebley Street, Bondi Junction, NSW, 2022

Hours of Business : Open till late. Contact them on (02) 9387 8883

Rates : $320 an hour after 6pm / $290 an hour before 6pm

Age : 21

Size/shape : C cup, slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : CBJ, FS

Value for money/recommend? : Absolutely

My experience/comments: Xclusive is a place I've always wanted to try since I live about 10 minutes away. I didn't know it was there until a friend mentioned it to me. There's a very discreet entrance on Gray Street behind the building and it really is one of the more discreet entrances you can have so if you get a bit nervous walking into a place like I sometimes do then it's very convenient. Anyway, the ladies came out and introduced themselves and I thought Jana was an extremely attractive girl. She had tanned skin and a killer body. I got there at around 4:30pm and paid $290 for the hour (day rate). When we got into the room it was very nice. It had a very boutique hotel feel to it. As with most places, she offered me a drink and I had a beer.

I was given the opportunity to have a shower which was nice. After that, the fun started. She gave me a bit of a dance (not really a striptease) and pulled the towel right off me and got into it. She gave a fantastic CBJ and that almost brought me to my limit before we even got into anything else. After that we did some doggie and mish and she finished me off with a HJ. I've got to say this girl is the best one I've visited and I gladly recommend her to anyone whose looking for a fun time. Just keep in mind that she only works during the day though.


Floor: #12
Post Time: 11th August 2013, 06:31 PM
Poster ID: rabman
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Paid this establishment a visit for the first time last week. Very impressive premises nicely fitted out. Saw a gorgeous Polish girl named Natasha. 
Early 20s great body and beautiful european skin. 
Paid 140 for half hour massage plus 50 for DATY. 
A bit pricey but for me it was worth it to go down on a beautiful european girl with a great tasting pussy. She was very friendly and great to talk to. Also offered CBJ but I didnt take that option. 
Would definately see her again.


