Thread Title: Coco's Massage - 141 Unley Rd, Unley - 08 8373 6797
Floor: #1
Post Time: 16th August 2013, 10:54 AM
Poster ID: Brunswick
Post Title: 
 Coco's Massage - 141 Unley Rd, Unley - 08 8373 6797
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Gloria

Establishment : Thai 

Date of Visit : 9/7/13

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Coco's Massage, 141 Unley Road, Adelaide

Hours of Business :10am - 8pm

Rates : 60mins / $60

Age : 22 - 25

Size/shape : 8 - 10

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : R&T

Value for money/recommend? : Yes, good value

My experience/comments : 

Having a bit of time on my hands whilst travelling for work I googled a few massage places in Adelaide.  Unlike Melbourne, what I was after seemed a little harder to find.  I took a chance on Coco's massage on Unley Road, address above.  

From the street it's a legit chinese massage venue however they have 2 rooms in the back, past the curtin rooms for those in the know.  After explaining that I called earlier to make a booking, I was directed through to one of the rooms at the back and asked to undress.  Gloria came in the room shortly after to find me nude, bum facing the sky.  She placed a towel over my bum, at this stage i'm thinking, damn, this place is a miss.  Gloria was quite chatty, very friendly young girl about size 10 with a smallish chest.  Her massage was hard at first, even a little painful but I sucked it up and didn't say anything. about the 30 min mark I asked the question "do you do extras?"  she said no, but she'll swap with another girl at 20 mins to go.  The massage quality, whilst never great from the start, went downhill from here.  She'd work down my back then head back to my neck and give me a one handed pathetic effort as if she didn't know how else to fill the time.  This continued to happen until the last 20 mins came around and she left the room.  

An older lady around 40 entered, asked to me to flip which of course I obliged.  She rubbed my legs a little then straight to the old fella with plenty of oil.  It was the most clinical experiance with an average technique but all in all, got the job done.  

As I went to leave I passed the front desk, paid my $60 for the massage and left.  can't argue with the value.

Would I return, yes! I did!  2nd review to follow...


Floor: #2
Post Time: 16th August 2013, 11:15 AM
Poster ID: Brunswick
Post Title: 
 Coco's Massage - 141 Unley Rd,Unley - 08 8373 6797
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Annie / Ann?

Establishment : Thai 

Date of Visit : 18/7/13

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 141 Unley road

Hours of Business : 10am - 8pm

Rates : 30mins /  $30

Age : 25- 30

Size/shape : 10, C

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : R&T

Value for money/recommend? : YES

My experience/comments : I found myself in Adelaide town again and after the great rates last time I visited, I thought I should chance my luck again but this time, perhaps a little more value.

once again i called ahead to ensure my intensions were known...  I walked in, explained i had made a phone booking and was taken to the same back room as last time.  This time, Ann or Annie, sorry didn't catch which one it actually was, came in.  She was aroudn a size 10 with a great set although i was unable to get her kit off.  I asked for extras to which my reply was "i swap soon". i see this is the norm here...  I'd only booked 30 mins as I didn't see much point wasting my time on a poor quality massage when I was really only there for the last 10 mins.  Her massage was ok, nothing to write home about.  it wasn't hard enough and it was very clear that she'd never been given any guidance.  

At the 15 or 20 minute mark she left and another lady entered, about 30 years old, good body and not unattractive.    I'm not sure she knew even one word of english as she didn't understand when i asked for her name.  At this point, i guess i didn't care enough to ask again.  this also ment that i couldn't request the removal of her clothers.  She didn't touch any other part of my body except for where she was there to touch.  In saying that, outstanding technique!  she may not have understood english but she understood my body language and the noises i was making and took guidance that way.  Great ball work, nice and slow, it's very clear to me that this isn't her first time....

I think i'd like to try and new place next time but Coco's is great value at $1 per minute including a HJ.  just remember, if you're guided to the curtin rooms, point to the rear of the shop....


Floor: #3
Post Time: 7th September 2013, 04:09 PM
Poster ID: serializedzed
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Gloria/???/Michelle

Establishment : Thai

Date of Visit : 7/9/13

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Coco's Massage, 141 Unley Road, Adelaide

Hours of Business :9am - 9pm

Rates : 60 mins / $60

Age : 30ish/20ish/30ish

Size/shape : 8/6/8

Nationality or Ethnicity : China/China/???

Services Provided : R&T

Value for money/recommend? : Yes, good value

My experience/comments : 

In Adelaide again, after above reviews, I gave this place a shot. 1 $/min including extra, why the heck not.
These days, internet + google map makes finding gem in this dry land is making the hunt much easier.

This place do indeed looks pretty legit from the outside, I decided to go in and ask the boss (Michelle) about pricing and make sure that she understands my honorable intention.
Just like previous review, I was directed to the room at the back. 
Due to voting day, I thought that the place seems pretty empty.
Well, more to that later.

Butt naked, face down, and Gloria provided a very nice massage.
20 mins later, she has to excuse herself as apparently her local customer had arrived.
??? (I didn't catch her name) entered the room and tagged her out.
I asked her to provide a firm massage and that's exactly what was provided.
When the time is out, she asked whether I wanted to extend the time.
Well, what the heck happened to my honorable intention? This is definitely not the reason why I came here.
I asked her to call the boss.

Michelle came in and addressed the crux of the problem.
She's exactly as being mentioned above, an attractive lady with big assets.
It was very clinical and clearly she knows exactly what she's doing..
yada-yada-yada the deed was done.
Well, it's exactly as previous punter had said.

The deed is done, paid 60 dollars and let myself out.

This place is definitely a great value, it's 1 dollar per minute including extra.
I would definitely come back in the future.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 18th October 2013, 11:37 PM
Poster ID: rambling111
Post Title: 
 Coco's Massage - 141 Unley Rd,Unley SA - 08 8373 6797
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Michelle


Establishment : Cocos



Date of Visit : 9/10/2013



Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 



Hours of Business : 



Rates : $60 / 60min



Age : Mid 30s



Size/shape : 10C



Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian



Services Provided : Massage / R&T



Value for money/recommend? : Yes



My experience/comments : Read about this place on a couple of forums and decided to give it a try.  Its the standard Chinese massage joint, but not all girls will offer a happy ending. I managed to score Michelle on my second visit and she lived up to her reputation. The massage started out normally, but it wasn't long before the hints of more were coming. Michelle is reasonably well endowed for an Asian girl and while I was lying face down with my arms stretched out over my head, she leaned down to massage my shoulders and 'accidentally' put her boobs right in my hands. Then she managed to straddle my out stretched hand, placing my hand directly between her legs! The massage proceed as expected after that ending with a good double handed finish with my hand down her pants.  I offered a tip but it wasn't accepted!


Floor: #5
Post Time: 12th March 2014, 10:26 AM
Poster ID: Rntjimmy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Michelle

Establishment : Coco's Massage, 141 Unley Road, Adelaide

Date of Visit : 06/02/2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 08-8373 6797

Hours of Business : 9am-9pm

Rates : 30mins for $30 and 60mins for $60

Age : 30-35

Size/shape : slim, leggy, C cup

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Massage plus HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes!

My experience/comments : Was visiting Adelaide on a work trip and dropped in on Cocos for a massage. Was aware to ask for one of the two private rooms down the back rather than the curtained thin-walled partitions at the front of the shop. Older guy (60+) on reception said nothing was available but to come back in 15mins. So went for a 15min walk and came back. At reception this time was an attractive around 30 year old Chinese girl. I said that I had a booking for a 60min massage in one of the rooms down the back. She smiled and led me to the room. I asked her name (Michelle) and if she was doing the massage but she said another girl was assigned to me. She said my girl would be there soon. Rather than undress I decided to wait and see what my assigned girl was like. I much prefer to see before I buy and an attractive girl is a key part of a rnt for me. Well it was just as well I decided to be cautious as shortly later in walked a shorted haired 40+ Chinese lady. In my eyes she was not attractive at all! I asked "are you doing the massage" and she said "yes". I then asked if Michelle I saw on reception could do my massage. She said that she would go and see. A few minutes later Michelle arrived and said she could massage me but only for 30mins as she had another booking. That was fine with me. I undressed (while Michelle watched) and lay face down on the table. Massage was pretty good with plenty of brushing of the inner legs and balls, which got me quite aroused. After 10 or so minutes I asked Michelle if I could flip and she said sure. I got the impression that Michelle liked me so asked if she would mind focusing her massage on my semi-erect cock. She smiled, giggled and said "no problem". I asked for no oil and she set to work on my cock and balls with her soft hands. And wow did it feel good! She was all smiles and enjoying giving my cock a good work out. I slipped my hand under her dress and started to rub her legs and pussy through her panties, which she didn't mind. She kept working my cock for some time before I decided it was time to let go and shoot my load. Michelle then got some tissues and wiped me clean. Michelle was a great girl who gave a delightful tug! And there was never any mention of extra cash. This was $30 inclusive of the tug. Amazing! Pity this was my last day in Adelaide. I don't know if this is the norm with Michelle as I only saw her the once and we clicked well, so YMMV.

From what I read on another forum Michelle is only working at the shop about only one day a week at the moment. It could even be less than that. So seems I might have been lucky to get her. Apart from Michelle I tried Cocos a couple of days earlier and got a 25 year old Chinese girl. Good massage but no tug, though DIY ok. I'll write that up as a separate review.


