Thread Title: Davenport Tce, Hilton - 08 7226 6359
Floor: #1
Post Time: 11th June 2014, 10:21 AM
Poster ID: Cubanrockclimber
Post Title: 
 Davenport Tce, Hilton - 08 7226 6359
				
Post Content: 
Felt like some good RnT plus extras action so headed to Davenport Tce.  Ph 72266359.

Rang ahead and found out three girls working but the wait was 1-1.5 hrs so I killed some time before heading across.

Got there later and Pamela met me and took me to the room.   She wasn't exactly the type I was after so asked if I could meet the others.   Mamasan 'Pinky' came in who looked hot.  She gave me a big cuddle and I put my arms around her and I could tell she had no panties on under her little dress.   Jnr started to grow.   I asked about the other girls and she said one was still busy for another hour or so and one had just left so it was Pamela or nothing.   I asked if I could choose you and she said she only does RnT - bugger and no matter how much I pleaded she wasn't going to budge and give me FS.

I said ok for Pamela and back in she came.   Pamela is Thai, late 20's I'd say, about size 10-12 and just a bit of flab around her belly.   Probably about 6.5/10.   Confirmed usual rate $80 RnT or $120 FS for the half hour.  Took FS option.

Pretty standard stuff with a nice quick leg and back massage to begin and then asked to roll over.   On with the dom and a CBJ in a few different positions followed.   I love looking at a mirror with my hard cock in a chick's mouth and then get her to longingly look up at me.   Awesome stuff.   From the CBJ position where she was on her back with me kneeling I was able to finger her easily and her pussy was nice albeit a bit spiky.  I thought she could do with a bit of waxing or closer shaving.   After a minute or two she then placed her own hand down there and rubbed her clit herself which I didn't mind as it freed up my fingers.   She had no problem with me inserting a finger and I also began to rub her a'hole which she didn't seem to mind.   I figured this could go further so I tried to insert my finger up her arse but she pulled it away.   Bugger!!!!

About now I was ready to fuck her so I got her to ride me cowboy style which was nice enough.   She moaned a bit but not sure how authentic it was.   Asked her to roll off so I entered her Mish with her ankles up on my shoulders.   Nice deep thrusts into her sweet and quite tight little asian pussy.   This position made her make a few more noises and this time it appeared more realistic!

Eventually I couldn't hold off any more so I came and my blue balls were appeased.

She was a nice, pleasant and polite girl and said she is there for another 3 weeks before returning to Sydney.   Would probably opt for a different girl next time as I know some hotties float thru Davenport Tce quite regularly.   Shop is opened 10am-10pm.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 7th July 2014, 02:22 AM
Poster ID: Cubanrockclimber
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Yoyo

Establishment : Davenport Tce

Date of Visit : 6/7/14

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Davenport Tce

Hours of Business : 

Rates : $80/30

Age : 25

Size/shape : Curvy Sz12-14

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai/Chinese mix

Services Provided : RnT, CBJ, DATY, 

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

Went back to Davenport Tce again today.   Over the phone was told Pamela was still around (who does FS) and a new girl YoYo.   I made a booking with YoYo.

She is a pretty girl, mid 20's but a little curvy and heavy for my normal Asian RnT.   However she had this ....... personality which was very attractive.   She offers either RnT or CBJ, mutual oral.   I opted for the CBJ for an extra $20.

Session began with a firm back massage with plenty of reaching under for my balls and cock during this.   Its hard lying on a boner while she's kneeling on your back.

Eventually she asks for a roll over and removes her top.   Smallish B Cup tits with erect nipples but she wouldn't let me suck or lick them.   She then slips on a dom with her mouth and goes for CBJ.   Plenty of sucking and she keeps massaging your balls which is very enjoyable.   She turns around as if were in a 69er and shoves her pussy in my face even though she still has her panties on.   She won't let me touch her pussy although I do move her panties aside and see her smoothly shaven beaver.   I cheekily touch her clit and she moves away.   Later I give it a quick lick and again she moves away as I haven't paid for mutual french.   No amount of asking will she let me fuck her so I just keep lying back to enjoy the CBJ.

She now starts massaging around my butt which feels good also.   Things further progressed with her beginning to insert a finger up my butt which isn't really my thing but I let her run with the flow.   After about 10mins she then takes the dom off and gets the oil out and starts a tug.   I come and she keeps milking me until I'm spent.

Overall a good session with a fun girl with a great personality.   She's very firm on her services that she offers and you've paid for but it didn't spoil the session.   Probably wouldn't choose her again but still enjoyed my 30mins with her.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 16th October 2014, 09:08 PM
Poster ID: Cubanrockclimber
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Pinky

Establishment : Davenport Tce

Date of Visit : 9 Oct 14

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Davenport Tce, Hilton, SA

Hours of Business : 9-9pm

Rates : Rnt - $80, FS - $120

Age : 35

Size/shape : Sz 10, 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : RnT

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : I think Pinky is the owner here and as I've never had a session with her, I thought I'd go for a RnT session with her.  She doesn't seem to offer any extras.

Let me state that she is pretty bloody attractive.   Once she took her robe off and let her pretty big, enhanced tits out I was impressed.   Her tits look sensational.   She kept on a cute little playboy g-string and just looked gorgeous.     I asked to see her pussy and she moved her panties aside to reveal a neatly rimmed bush.   I really wished she offered extras but she told me no.   I do feel though that if you're a regular she may be more inclined so I'll see her once and twice more and see what happens. 

She mentioned she had a sore shoulder so I offered to massage her first which she was happy with.   I lay my now growing cock in her bum crack while I ran my hands around her back and the side of her tits.  She was quite chatty and seemed to appreciate the role reversal.   After 5-10mins she says its my turn and asks to switch.

I try and lie on my stomach but tell her its hard to lie on my boner so she suggests we relieve first and massage second - excellent idea I say!

She gets the oil and lies on me in a 69 position and starts to do a wonderful job on my cock.   All the while I am teased with this beautiful arse and pussy just cms away from my face.    She moves around a bit to position her pussy in various poses around my face.   All the while she keeps a beautiful rythm going with her hands on my cock and eventually I explode.

A little clean up and then she commences a light massage.  This was neither here nor there but was still nice.   We went way over time just talking and during this time she tells me she does threesomes with the FS girls there - I'm not sure what role Pinky plays in the threesome but it sounded pretty damn good.

In the meantime I'll try and see her a few more times to see if a BJ or FS is possible with this lady.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 29th January 2015, 11:54 PM
Poster ID: Cubanrockclimber
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Pamela

Establishment : Davenport Tce

Date of Visit : 23/1/15

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 

Hours of Business : 

Rates : $80/30mins

Age : 28ish

Size/shape : Size 8

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : RnT, CBJ, FS available

Value for money/recommend? : Perhaps

My experience/comments : Needed a bit of a relax during my time in Adelaide so went back to the old faithful Davenport Tce.  Hoped to see Pinky but she wasn't there so the only lady on today was Pamela.

I've seen and reviewed Pamela before so wasn't after her FS (extra $40).   I was really after a good massage with a very happy ending.   Still I thought a BJ would suit my needs so for an extra $20 I got myself a CBJ.

I had a shower upon arrival and then lay on the bed awaiting Pamela.   She came in, took the $100 and then took her top off leaving her in a g-string.   Her massage skills felt nice - although I doubt it would have done a thing for my sore muscles.   She sat on me in her g-string and writhed around with her hips a bit while her hands rubbed my back and legs.   Still felt nice and occasionally I'd reach for her panties and rub her clit.

The time to flip came and she got me hard in no time.   A little HJ to begin then on with the dom.   She began a pleasant CBJ and did a pretty decent job.   I had to encourage her to make eye-contact at times.   I noticed she slipped on a surgical type glove and was beginning to lube up my arse.   I actually declined this and simply asked her to pay more attention to my balls instead.   She was very obliging and finally I started to feel her fingers, hands and tongue work my balls as well as my hard cock.    I could feel the end getting nearer and she gripped me well to ensure I came hard into the dom.   Should have asked her to remove it so I could cum on her tits or something but didn't think of it at the time.

Overall it ticked the box and relieved my stress.   Pinky is the looker here by far but Pamela tells me Pinky spends more time in Sydney nowadays setting up a new Massage place in the City.   I shall look in to this on my next Sydney visit.

Cheeers, CR


Floor: #5
Post Time: 12th January 2016, 02:16 PM
Poster ID: Cubanrockclimber
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Popped in today for the first time in ages and notice it had closed.

Any one have any info on this?

Thanks, CR


