Thread Title: Glenelg Thai Massage - 0416 950 010 - 2A Moseley St Glenelg
Floor: #1
Post Time: 19th April 2016, 10:38 PM
Poster ID: antares01
Post Title: 
 Glenelg Thai Massage - 0416 950 010 - 2A Moseley St Glenelg
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lilly

Establishment : Glenelg Thai Massage 

Date of Visit : Early April 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0416 950 010 - 2A Moseley St Glenelg

Hours of Business : 9AM to 8 PM 7 Days

Rates : $80 for 1 hour

Age : 30s perhaps

Size/shape : Slim 7

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Massage

Value for money/recommend? : Perhaps

My experience/comments : Had some limited time in Glenelg so thought I would TOFTT and add to the SA database.  Walked in without a booking.  Fairly rough looking Mamasan behind counter plus younger woman who turned out to be Lilly.  Opted for 1 hour oil massage and Lilly showed me through to the massage area, did not ask for $ up front.  Looked like 3 curtained cubicles, no walls or doors separating customers.  Lilly asked me to take clothes off and lie down on table.  

When Lilly returned she covered me with a towel and started with a kneading massage through the towel for perhaps 5 min then folded to towel off my back and commenced a fairly rough and hard oil massage.  Another 10 min or so and Lilly drops the towel covering covering my lower half on the floor and starts on my bum and legs with an interesting level of attention to crack and groin areas .  At this stage another customer (male) is shown into the next door cubicle  .  Given the curtained environment, I elected not to raise the issue of extras.  Massage continued with me on my stomach and it wasn't too bad, nice long strokes and not shy about "accidental" touching.  At about the 40 min mark, "turn over please", no attempt on draping and Lilly starts on my front.  Quite good medium massage from top to bottom including stomach right down to pubic area under little Ant and legs right up to groin creases.  Lilly quietly asked if I was horny and then looked to the curtain separating us from the next customer and said, "next time perhaps"  .  

Once the hour was up Lilly cleaned me up with hot wet towels, paid Mamasan on my way out the door.

Summary, reasonable massage with some potential for HJ.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 13th February 2018, 09:15 PM
Poster ID: antares01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Pam

Establishment : Glenelg Thai Massage

Date of Visit : February 2018

Contact Details/Address: 0416 950 010 - 2A Moseley St Glenelg

This is all I could find on the web: https://www.facebook.com/glenelgthaimassage2aMoseley/

Hours of Business : 9AM to 8 PM 7 Days

Rates : $80 for 1 hour

Age : 20s 

Size/shape : Solid 7

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Massage

Value for money/recommend? : Probably not

My experience/comments : Had a very long, busy and tiring day, ended up in Glenelg.  Felt like a quality massage, couldn't be bothered looking for a tug, in fact a check of the web showed only limited options in Glenelg itself and I couldn't be bothered driving elsewhere.  Tried a couple of privates but they were not available at short notice so thought I would revisit this place. Walked in without a booking. Elderly looking Mamasan behind counter. Opted for 1 hour oil massage and Mamasan showed me through to the massage area, did not ask for $ up front. Mamasan asked me to take clothes off and lie down on table.

Mamasan plus younger girl (Pam) returned returned she covered me with a thin sheet and started with a kneading massage through the towel for perhaps 5 min.  I noted Mamasan left the room after a couple of minutes.  Pam then folded to towel off my back and commenced a soft tentative oil massage - oh dear, a learner . Pam spent a very long time on my back and neck and didn't really seem to have a structure to her massage.  Finally go to my legs and didn't run up any further than half thigh.  At about the 45 min mark Pam went to get wet towels and commenced cleaning the oil off my back.  I noticed Mamasan came bustling in at this point and took over with some sharp Thai words, suspect Pam was being toooo slooooow  Mamasan then demoed cleaning oil off my legs right up into my groin creases and bum crack - shame there wasn't any oil to clean away that far up 

Mamasan then tells me to "turn over please" and holds up sheet as modesty screen. Both Mamasan and Pam now massaged me, one leg each with Mamasan going right up into my groin creases and right round my thighs - really nice.  As for Pam - forgetit - light and tentative is a good summary.  I noted Mamasan kept on encouraging her but to no avail   No stomach or chest massage, finished with usual back pummeling and further cleanup with wet towels.

I paid Mamasan on my way out the door, she didn't seem interested in my feedback so didn't provide any.

Summary, Probably legit only, pretty ordinary massage, I won't be back


