Thread Title: Happy Life Thai Massage - Glenelg - 0478 411 195 or 08 82948020
Floor: #1
Post Time: 2nd May 2016, 11:47 PM
Poster ID: antares01
Post Title: 
 Happy Life Thai Massage - Glenelg - 0478 411 195 or 08 82948020
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Yui

Establishment : Happy Life Thai Massage 

Date of Visit : 2 May 2016

Contact Details/Address: Rose St Glenelg - 0478 411 195 or 08 82948020 - Phone for address

Hours of Business : 9am to 9pm 7 days

Rates : $40/70/110 for 30/60/90min plus tips for extras

Age : 30's perhaps

Size/shape : Tiny, perhaps size 4-5 slim, A cup, trimmed

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Nude RnT

Value for money/recommend? : Perhaps - depends what you are looking for and cleanliness standards

My experience/comments : 

Copy of Locanto advert text:





			
				Red Hot Thai Massage - 30.  At Glenelg full body Thai oil massage. Price starts at $60 per hour.  Open 7 days from 9am to 9pm. Telephone mob 0478 411 195 or 08 82948020.
			
		

Phoned and booked a 1 hour session.  Met at the door by Yui who was most welcoming, friendly and with good English.  Into one of the main rooms in the front of the house, big room with high ceiling.  We negotiate $100 (70+30) for 1 hour Thai massage with HE.  I ask about other extras and Yui tells me "we don't do full service here".  Yui will however do nude for an extra $50.  She suggests try the massage first and make decision later re nude.  "There is not much to see" she says.  I can see she is very slender with small breasts under her top but hey, I like that  and I tell her so.

Yui takes my money and leaves me to get undressed.  After I have disrobed, I notice the Thai patterned cloth covering the table while not obviously dirty, is a little oily and I suspect not changed between customers.  When Yui returned I did get her to change the towel surrounding the face hole which was somewhat grubby/oily .  There was a bit of a fuss to find the right size towel but we got there in the end.

Onto the table face down and Yui covers me with a heavy blanket type of drape which felt slightly cold and oily  and commences a kneading type of massage through the material for 5 min or so.  Lower half of drape is folded over and one leg then the other with plenty of reaching right up into the groin and brushing my scrotum .  Lovely smooth massage technique with a LOT of oil - not quite sure how this is going to be cleaned up .  We now progress to bum massage with plenty of crack attention and regular attention to scrotum.

Legs and bum are now covered and top half is massaged, nice firm and smooth technique, excellent in my view.  At one stage Yui is standing at the head of the table giving long flowing strokes from my shoulders down to my bum and resting her breasts on my head as she stretches down.  Drape is now completely removed and Yui starts long flowing whole of body strokes mixed with plenty of very nice reach through TT and bum crack attention.  

At about the 30  min mark, Yui covers me up and goes off the get hot water and towel for cleanup.  This takes some time and when she returns and starts cleaning me up, I note the water is lukewarm at best  .  Yui now asks me to turn over, no covering this time and she starts a nice chest and stomach massage.  I mention I would love to pay her the extra $50 for nude and again Yui tells me "there is nothing to see".  Clothes off Yui has a lovely slender blemish free body with A cup breasts and nice puffy nipples and I provide plenty of compliments to this effect.  I resist the temptation to touch her and keep my hands to myself for this session.  Yui now really oils up little Ant and starts a very nice slow HJ with plenty of variety.  After a bit Yui climbs onto the table and sits between my legs with my thighs over hers and our nether regions quite close together.  Her HJ technique really ramps up now with one hand on little Ant and the other exploring my bum crack .  After I had come, Yui sat for a minute gently stroking little Ant, she then climbed off the table and cleaned me up with what was now cold water .  

As we were cleaning up and getting dressed, I mentioned I would love to massage her in return sometime in the future.  Yui told me that she allows some of her clients to do this, but only after she gets to know and trust them and preferably of more mature age as well.  I asked if she ever orgasms when she is massaged by her clients,  she became quite shy with this Q and nodded her head   Sigh ...............shame I am not a local.  She did mention this cost extra though.  Once dressed, $50 for nude handed over, nice cuddle and out the door at the 60 min mark, feeling quite oily under my clothes.

Summary:  $150 for Asian nude RnT I guess is in the upper $ level, very nice massage and tug technique, suspect table coverings and drapes not changed between clients, oil cleanup technique not good with tepid/cold water, leaving quite oily could be problematic and no shower available (I asked).  Frequent massage card available (11th one appears to be a free 30 min massage=$40 or $4 discount per massage).  Yui is one of the 2 bosses and she has 2 to 3 girls there most days.


