Thread Title: Jai Thai Massage - 0415 430 899 - Shop 7 59 Jetty Rd Glenelg
Floor: #1
Post Time: 19th April 2016, 11:04 PM
Poster ID: antares01
Post Title: 
 Jai Thai Massage - 0415 430 899 - Shop 7 59 Jetty Rd Glenelg
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Hannah

Establishment : Jai Thai Massage 

Date of Visit : Early April 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0415 430 899 - Shop 7 59 Jetty Rd Glenelg

Hours of Business : 9AM to 8 PM Mon to Sat and 10Am to 5 PM Sun

Rates : $70 for 1 hour

Age : 40s perhaps

Size/shape : Slim 8

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Massage

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : Had some limited time in Glenelg so thought I would TOFTT and add to the SA database.  Walked in without a booking. Typical Thai massage shop, on the main street, looked legit with curtained cubicles.  Almost gave it a miss but felt like a massage anyway, with or without extras.  Walked in and Hannah greeted me, she was dressed in typical Thai massage shop loose fitting clothing.  I opted  for 1 hour oil massage and Hannah showed me through to the cubicle next to reception and asked for $ up front.   Looked like 4 curtained cubicles, no walls  or doors separating customers. Hannah  asked me to take clothes off and  lie down on table.  

When Hannah returned she spent some time draping me in a couple of towels and commenced a lovely smooth and sensual oil massage.   As each area was finished she would carefully reset the draping and start on the new area.  Interestingly, her lovely flowing massage strokes frequently and quite firmly brushing my tackle or, slid through my bum crack or, ran right up into my groin .  Very nice and sensual but given location, curtain walls and a female customer chatting to receptionist, I didn't ask about extras.    At about  the 30 min mark, "turn over please" and a towel was held up as a privacy shield before be draped for the front half massage.  Same careful draping and smooth sensual flowing massage from top to bottom  including stomach right down to pubic area close along side a carefully draped little Ant and legs  right up to groin creases.  During the hour I was there, shop was quite busy with male and female customers and plenty of phone calls.

I didn't ask for and wasn't offered extras.

Once the hour was up Hannah cleaned me up with hot wet towels I then got dressed and I was on my way out the door.

Summary, excellent massage well worth returning for a repeat but I suspect no or very limited potential for extras.


