Thread Title: Len massage - Adelaide - 0424 826 188
Floor: #1
Post Time: 23rd February 2015, 10:59 AM
Poster ID: Krinkle
Post Title: 
 Len massage - Adelaide - 0424 826 188
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Helen I think - the older duck

Establishment : Len massage

Date of Visit : February 11th

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Kig William rd Hyde park  tel: 0424 826 188

Hours of Business : 9am until 8 pm

Rates : $30/30min $60/60min

Age : 40+

Size/shape : 6-8

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian

Services Provided : Massage with tug job at end

Value for money/recommend? : Yeah - awesome massage and then Relief for $60!!!!!!!!!

My experience / comments :

Visited Len massage based on its dirt cheap price and some recomendations. For that price I wasn't expecting much at all, however the rooms are quite spacious and neat and have that soft wanky music playing to relax you. Go into the room and she tells me $60 and please take off your clothes and lie down. Wasn't sure if I would offend or not but thought fuck it, I'm going nude all the way, no towel

massage starts on my shoulders and back, then progresses to my arse and legs. She gets right in between your legs and doesn't mind brushing the scrotum. Nothing overtly sexual here although I'm rising my arse as she goes in that region. She says turn over please and yes I have a raging erection which she smiles at. She continues to do my chest arms neck Etc seemingly oblivious to my raging wood situation...

then em the magic words... You want hand relief - yes please !!!

not the best tug technique burnt was good cos it made me last longer - she does a two handed thing with some sack play aswell. Ended coming all over my stomach. Very releived indeed. 

Please de note the birds don't get naked and I'm not sure if touching or groping is permitted.

ill return for a tug and massage at that price yea


Floor: #2
Post Time: 20th May 2015, 09:15 PM
Poster ID: Hottest_tamale
Post Title: 
 Len massage - Adelaide - 0424 826 188
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Helen

Establishment : Len massage

Date of Visit : May 20th

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 177 King William Rd Hyde Park, next to Body Shop

Tel: 0424 826 188

Hours of Business : 9am until 8 pm

Rates : $30/30min $60/60min

Age : 40+

Size/shape : 6-8

Nationality or Ethnicity : PRC

Services Provided : Massage + HE

Value for money/recommend? : YEP for Adelaide 

My experience / comments :

I've been doing a bit of travelling of late and wanted to add to my recent experience in Greensborough, VIC. Inspired by a punters review, I followed my willy and GPS to Hyde Park. After trawling through places such as Hollywood and Seaford, Hyde Park was a welcome change. 

I had phoned the quoted mobile number and confirmed that Helen still worked there and that the hour was still $60.  Helen also said that I needn't book and to walk in. In my experience this means the place is a dive or that there is good traffic and the girls to service them.  It was the latter.  When I say girls I'm also being kind. 

The previous report's description was apt. The rooms were large and overall, the place was clean. I thought to myself if the tug was included in the fee that this represented good value as this joint is certainly cleaner than South Pacific in Dulwich Hill. Massage Boy, The Big M, take note. 

So I walked in as advised and an ML came out of a room and asked me to wait 5min. She was a reasonably tasty milf ML who was curvy enough but with a tight chassis. That was not Helen.  She asked me to pay upfront. I obliged.  She ushered me into one of several rooms. Some were in use. 

Within 2 min Helen walked into my room. She was rather thin and pale and on the wrong side of 50 but she was friendly enough. I was on the gurney by then and butt naked. I lay on clean towels and the room was toasty enough. Helen asked if she could start the massage and in 10min would it be okay if another ML took over. I didn't protest. Over the next 30min there were several interruptions with Helen stepping out and chatting to another ML. At the time there were at least 3 on duty and the phone rang a few times. This was a little off putting but when in Rome...

Helen's touch was light without being feathery but she was customer focused because she promptly switched on some ambient music. Alas, no Rhianna nor Taylor Swift but that sad, whining Chinese string music. Let's return to the massage. 

Helen asked what I wanted. I asked her to ignore my arms and head and to focus on my favourite pressure points and legs. After the 30min mark, Helen hadn't left and there was plenty of TT.  I would protest if she was to leave. 

The massage continued and there was more TT. I now in full flight and beginning to leak. The caring Helen grabbed some tissue and asked me to lift my butt, grabbed my throbbed and placed said tissue beneath. There was more and more TT. At 3/4 time she asked me to flip. By then there had been one more chat with the other ML and I could tell Helen was to see this one through. 

On the flip there was no time wasted. Helen doused my cock with plenty of oil and brought me to full bloom. She used her other hand to play with my balls 4-ways, Master Chef style. She twirled them, she tickled them, she massaged them, she cupped them. In all that time she stroked me good and lifted her work rate. I wished Rhianna had been on the loudspeakers. 

When I blew I blew long, hard and satisfied. Helen cleaned me up with paper towels and tissues but I didn't mind. $60 well spent. I crossed the road and had me a good Chinese dinner to boot. I'd go back to the RNT n the diner. 

It's always a bit more exciting when you zero in on a good punt away from home and on good Intel from punters on this site. Thank you for sharing boys!


Happy Punting!


H_T









Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk


