Thread Title: Mays Massage - 103 Hindley St, Adelaide - Number Unknown
Floor: #1
Post Time: 21st March 2012, 05:20 PM
Poster ID: kanga
Post Title: 
 Mays Massage - 103 Hindley St, Adelaide - Number Unknown
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Lee ( I think, we had a real communication problem)

Establishment : Mays

Date of Visit: 15 Mar 2012

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: 103 Hindley St Adelaide 

Hours of Business:  9am-8pm

Rates: $35/half for massage plus extra for extra (ended up costing me $65)

Age: i can never tell and not brave enough to ask. Lets say about 40. MILF material

Size/shape: OK for a MILF-not stunning but OK , about a size 10 with b cups.

Nationality or Ethnicity: Chinese

Services Provided: Massage, RnT ( I am pretty sure FS was offered , but again that might have been a communication error)

Value for money/recommend?: OK

My experience/comments: Firstly , and I say this with my hand on my heart, I was not looking for a RnT. I was looking for a massage due to a sore shoulder.-Don't laugh-I was. It was an accident I tell you.

There is a plethora of massage establishment along Hindley st. They all look legit.
I counted 6 in 2 blocks. So I have this sore shoulder ( I told you not to laugh) and am looking at one of the signs outside this massage establishment when a woman runs out and says - you need massage. I told her I had a sore shoulder and neck and she basically grabs me and says no worries, I fix. ( seriously , I am still thinking normal massage). We enter and there was a larger lady (saying fat is not politically correct) sitting in a chair getting a shoulder rub through her clothes.Respectable place. 

Inside is a few rooms with doors and high walls.We enter one
I strip down to my undies , thinking this is a normal massage place and she comes in and says, take off, pointing to my undies. I think ..umm ...interesting. But still thinking , normal massage. I lay on the table. No towel to cover me so am starting to think maybe suspicious, maybe I have dirty mind.(I do , but that's another story)
She then gives me a great shoulder neck and arm massage with occasional stray to bum. The massage was great.

Then she asks , turn over, light comes on in my head, alright , not all normal.
She then whispers you want hj, with the universal sign. $30.Oh, what the hell, o/k.
Then she says , cloths off, another 30. I said no , that's ok. Then , and this is maybe a comms error but I am sure she said , sex another 50.
I said no thanks and she fihished the hj.Which was good but with a little too much oil.
After that, she cleaned me up and gave a nice head massage..
She left. I dressed and then I went to the counter near the door where she was and gave her $65.

I left happy, but I still say, I went for a sore shoulder. You believe me don't you?


Floor: #2
Post Time: 29th March 2012, 03:35 PM
Poster ID: thebearcub
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
That is a great story kanga, made me laugh. Hope your shoulders feelin better mate


Floor: #3
Post Time: 23rd September 2013, 11:06 PM
Poster ID: ozreview1970
Post Title: 
 Aki
				
Post Content: 
Mays Massage - 103 Hindley St, Adelaide - Number Unknown
Person's Name: Aki
Establishment : Mays
Date of Visit: 19.9.13 at 11pm
Contact Details/Address/Weblink: 103 Hindley St Adelaidex
Hours of Business: 9am-8pm
Rates: $80/hrmassage
Age: arond late 20sxMILFxmaterialSize/shape: short
Nationality or Ethnicity: thai
Provides: Massage...I tried for more but ended up straight massage...grrr
Value for money/recommend?: OK for massage..but...grrr
My experience/comments: Rolled in before 11 when the prices go up by 20. Wantd rnt so opted for hour.  All signs there in the room. Was asked to remove alk clothes. ..so obliged buck naked. Only to find it was massage only. Now she really put in the effort.  Language was a problem so maybe that was why. Given it is in the heart of adelaides sleezeville strip i Won't be back.


