Thread Title: No Name Massage
Floor: #1
Post Time: 16th October 2014, 09:19 PM
Poster ID: Cubanrockclimber
Post Title: 
 No Name Massage
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Gail

Establishment : No Name Massage

Date of Visit : 13 Oct 14

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Top end Hindley St (near King William St)

Hours of Business : 

Rates : $80, 1hr

Age : 30

Size/shape : 12

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Legit massage only

Value for money/recommend? : No

My experience/comments : Saw this newish place and it looked nice.   Wanted to get away from the dodgy RnT place further down Hindley St so I'll TOFTT here.   I figured even if I don't get RnT it should be a good quality massage.

Unfortunately I got neither with Gail.

I saw wet wipes, tissues in the room so it looked promising.   I nuded up and when Gail came in she immediately got two, yes two towels and covered me up almost everywhere.

So with RnT out of the equation I thought I'd get a nice massage.   Again this was crap.   She would hardly talk, was cold in her manner and her massage was uninspiring.   No remedial benefit was coming at all.   She didn't come within cooee of touching anything mildly erotic and her normal massage was average so cant recommend this joint.

Must make the effort and go back to Davenport Tce, Hilton.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 22nd October 2014, 09:47 AM
Poster ID: rntfanman
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Yeah. Hindley St is rubbish. In fact, all of Adelaide is rubbish. 
Moving here cured me of my massage addiction. Now I only punt on trips interstate.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 12th November 2014, 01:15 PM
Poster ID: Toomuchtime
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by rntfanman


 In fact, all of Adelaide is rubbish. 
Moving here cured me of my massage addiction. Now I only punt on trips interstate
"""



Are you serious?
After reading all 14 (yes,only 14) SA reviews before going to Adelaide this week,I was expecting a ghost town.I found nearly a full page of classified ads in the Advertiser and chose 3 shops to visit.In those 3 visits I stayed a total of 100 minutes,had 2 tugs and a blow job and spent $130.This was my first visit to Adelaide and I can find all that in an afternoon without even trying.The same in Melbourne would have easily cost at least $100 more so why on earth would you be complaining about the scene in Adelaide?
I can only conclude that either this forum has hardly any members in Adelaide or,if it does,those members aren't looking very hard to find some action.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 23rd November 2014, 11:54 AM
Poster ID: Goldfinger38
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I also just had a few days in Adelaide and I tried a number of the adverts in the daily advertiser  and they mentioned private house in suburbs when I asked where they were,  usually found after visiting 3 places that the girls looked NOTHING like the pictures in the adverts,  even  after I asked if they were their real pictures, and when I got to the place it was pretty dirty and not great.  Mostly Taiwanese or chinese.

Crap Crap Crap

Most of the ads on cracker are just as misleading as well when the Asians advertise with fake pics and the service was not what was advertised, or when you asked if they provide GFE and french and they say yes  but after you have them in the room  they dont like.  Sheezz    I like it much better in Melbourne where I can go to Carlton Natural Therapies or M&J Shining Hands and see the famous Tina  and get a much better job and walk away happy.  Even in St Albans  the Asians are much more accommodating.    Put me off Adelaide.


