Thread Title: So Good Chinese Massage - North Adelaide - 0403 681 519
Floor: #1
Post Time: 9th April 2015, 08:30 PM
Poster ID: delpippo
Post Title: 
 So Good Chinese Massage - North Adelaide - 0403 681 519
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Fifie

Establishment :So Good Chinese Massage

Date of Visit : 10th March 2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 132 O'Connell st North Adelaide 0403681519

Hours of Business : 8am-8pm 

Rates : $65 /60min massage + 50 for HJ and only touching through clothes

Age : Mid 30's (guess)

Size/shape : 160cm Petite body with a pretty face

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Massage with hand job

Value for money/recommend? : Maybe see Review below

My experience/comments :

Sorry for the late review

Was in Adelaide and after 6 days of no privacy was very toey to say the least called up the day before but was told they closed at 8pm so that didn't fit into my schedule, the next day i had a free hour and decided to walk in rather than call. Walk in and on the couch was sitting a very beautiful Older Thai lady and ask for an hour oil massage. This place is the main street of North Adelaide around shops cafes and restaurants. The front of the shop looks quite new and im taken into a room near the reception. The room is like most massage places now, a sliding door with walls that don't go all the way to the roof. Usually most massage place have dimmed lights but this place was quite bright. the room is clean with clean towels and paper towel thing over the head hole. I lay on my stomach and Fifie puts a towel over my buttocks, she then asks how i like my massage i say hard, the massage itself was good with good technique but sometimes was a little hard at times i thought it was very professional making sure she avoided my private area. After 30 mins told to do the flip, as i do this she takes the towel off looks away and places it over my private area which i take as a bad sign seeing as there was also no accidental touching. She then massages my front but again no accidental touching or removing of my towel, with 10 mins to go she about to do my arms the last part of upper body, i then ask if she does any extras giving the hand motion, she puts her finger to her lips and says $50, i try to negotiate down but no budging i ask if she will get naked she say no but i can touch as much as i like, im so horny and haven't blown in a week i have to accept her offer. Her HJ technique is good slowly building up pressure and increasing faster as i get to the finishing line. she was wearing a low cut top(dosent help me when your super horny) i manage to get them out and they are a nice pair of fake tits with small brown erect nipples, she likes the attention and i try down south but she is wearing tight black pants like bicycle shorts. after 15 mins i blow one of the biggest loads everywhere and Fifie is quite impressed as was i the amount i produced i say sorry and she say no she is happy and i obivously needed the attention.  i tell her after if i lived in Adelaide i would see her on a regular basis and that puts a smile on her face
as far as value for money, $50 is a little steep only for a HJ but i think if you became a regular she would do topless even maybe naked i will never know!


