Thread Title: Stephies - Kensington Rd, Norwood - 08 8333 2102
Floor: #1
Post Time: 22nd April 2011, 02:54 PM
Poster ID: sweetsweet
Post Title: 
 Stephies - Kensington Rd, Norwood - 08 8333 2102
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name:Victoria

Establishment :Stephies Erotic Massage

Date of Visit:14/4/11

Contact Details/Address/Weblink:Stephies Erotic Massage and Adult Relaxation

Hours of Business: Mon -Sat 9:45am till late, Sun 10:45am till 7pm

Rates:180/hr

Age:20

Size/shape:Petite

Nationality or Ethnicity:Australian

Services Provided:Erotic massage

Value for money/recommend?:Yes

My experience/comments: Saw Victoria for a full hour and it was my first time do had no idea what to expect. Started on my back with a full back and leg rub which was very relaxing. She is quiet talkative which helped me relax even more. Once I turned over there was another leg rub and a short body slide (would have liked it to be longer) before she gave a lovely happy ending. Overall it was a relaxing experience but quite pricey given the competition. Can't compare it to any place else but not complaining the service Victoria provided for me that night.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 31st January 2012, 09:22 AM
Poster ID: jackjack
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Paris

Establishment : Stephies

Date of Visit : Jan 12

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : As above

Hours of Business :  10-11 I think

Rates : 150 for 45

Age : early 20's

Size/shape : Just over 5', in good shape, C cup at a guess

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : RNT

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : (Here you must give at least a general description of the experience which you have had - 25 word minimum is required to give fellow members an idea of time spent - "Ill be back" or "good value" is not a sentence or review. )

I had a quick trip to Adelaide and reviewed the forum to get some inspiration, but found very few recent reviews.  I'd been to Stephies once before so thought I would try it out again.  The rooms are well decorated with good quality towels, music etc.  the recpetionist was friendly and helpful.  I was intro'ed to 2 girls.  Paris was the younger and (much) more attractive of the 2.  However, she did not come accross that well at intro and I booked her hoping that she would relax a bit once the service started.  I shouldn't have worried.  She was reasonably chatty and very pleasant.

The service was pretty standard, a medium rub that was not really that inspiring followed by some nice bodysliding front and back and a good tug.  I was not offered, nor did I seek anything further.  Paris was happy to have a bit of boob touching and more may have been available for guys who wish to push the interaction a bit further.  I'm happy to lay back lazily and let the girl do the work.

Finished with a hot towel wash rather than a shower.  The minus at this place is that the bathroom is at the back of the house and not up to the standard of the rooms.  I'd happily return.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 31st January 2012, 09:56 AM
Poster ID: lofty14u
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Wow......$150 for a 45 min R and T.......ya gotta be kidding me jack jack. "Pretty standard" service, "not really that inspiring" "not offered anything further", I think they saw you coming mate (literally). Lol


Floor: #4
Post Time: 16th February 2012, 11:17 PM
Poster ID: kanga
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
i go to adelaide quite often and i can tell you this place has a rep for being a bit pricey. used to be great but now trades a little on rep.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 10th October 2012, 06:56 PM
Poster ID: juggler
Post Title: 
 Stephies, Adelaide
				
Post Content: 
Went to Stephies in Norwood, Adelaide a few weeks ago. It was my first time at Stephies. It's a house in suburban Norwood but is still quite discreet. The receptionist answered the door and lead me to a waiting area. 4 girls on offer. Chose a blonde aussie girl who told me she was 19 and lead me to a room in the back. She was soon out of her bra and panties and into the massage. Was quite a chatterbox, very friendly and easy to talk to. Massage was so-so. Beautiful D cup breasts made up for it. After about 20 mins she started putting massage oil on her tits and asked me to roll over. Started massaging my dick with her breasts then full body slide. Turned around and put her pussy right in my face but was not allowed to touch. Didn't take long to get me over the line. 

Whole experience not too bad. Not many girls to choose from, granted it was a week night. Price of $120 for 30 mins a bit steep considering massage only.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 7th January 2014, 11:11 AM
Poster ID: Krinkle
Post Title: 
 Stephies - Kensington Rd, Norwood - 08 8333 2102
				
Post Content: 
Hi Adelaide folk, just wondering if anyone here has seen Sam lately, is she still working?

If seen recently can you please tell me about your experience?

Have seen reviews on her at pp but just want to see if anyone else has seen her...

Kin regards,

Henry krinkle


