Thread Title: 38 Manson Rd, Strathfield - 02 9746 1588
Floor: #1
Post Time: 17th December 2010, 01:54 PM
Poster ID: BrianB
Post Title: 
 38 Manson Rd, Strathfield - 02 9746 1588
				
Post Content: 
This is an old house, with typically 2 WL available at any time.  Prices $50 for BBBJ or $65 FS half hour.   The girl offering the BBBJ was young and reasonably attractive, the FS was MLC MILF.
Milf name- Tina.  Size 8? shortish, C cup, few rolls of love handles around the belly.  No English, but genuinely turned on, and enjoyed being treated nicely.  No showers in the room, but for $65 I guess that is fair enough.  Tried hard to please.
Quiet street near Parramatta Road, has to be approached from the East or South.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 9th February 2011, 05:44 PM
Poster ID: timelyrain
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
i think this is now closed

been there twice at about 6-7 pm on diff days and no one answering the door


Floor: #3
Post Time: 2nd April 2011, 12:51 AM
Poster ID: flygtfalcon
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
38 Manson Rd Strathfield

This place is the first red brick house in this street when coming off Parramatta Rd.
The house looks abandoned and there is a Chinese ornament next to the front door bell.

Heaps of street parking, and very discrete, just a regular house in a regular street.

Visited on Saturday around lunch time without an appointment.

Need to be patient as they didn't answer straight away.

Only one WL on duty at the time, I would say Chinese, late 30's to early 40's.
Said her name was Nancy but I doubt very much it's her real name.

WL asked $65 half hour nude massage inc HJ, I said I will only pay $50 (woman was not very attractive so didn't care if she was nude) she agreed and took her clothes off anyway.
Regular bedroom with a double bed, reasonably clean. No showers
Old Asian Man (Manager) sitting in the lounge room surfing the net.

Long hairy bush, small breasts with long black nipples
English was very poor so she just smiled the whole time, a little off putting as she had a very large gap in her smile..
Massage was below average and very quick, I mean no more than 5 minutes and she went straight into the HJ.

HJ was very good, she would speed up and then slow down just in time prolonging the enjoyment.

If your looking for a reasonably attractive Asian woman to pull your tool for around the $50 mark, this may be the place for you. 

I hope someone finds this information useful.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 7th April 2011, 05:31 PM
Poster ID: BrianB
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
They are operational.  Two girls available, not given choice.  They can be a bit fussy though.  Saw a punter arrive and he was turned around.  At $60 for FS it could not have been the price.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 19th April 2011, 05:53 PM
Poster ID: SeaRay
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
The SeaRay after dinning on some sweet Thai (Catherine) and a few MILFs in the past couple of weeks, it was time to venture to new pastures and I somehow I wanted a hairy old Asian MILF with large naturals and some natural BBJ and I was going to go to 12 Bellevue St but ended up out the front of this old house at 38 Manson Rd Strathfield, I gave them a tingle on 97461588 and there was a women available at $120....I had the right money in my hand when LISA a 26YO Japanese Lady answered the door and took the $120 with a huge smile and she started her wonderful friendly service at the door..into a room and of with the clothes, bugger the shower as I am cut & clean for some nipple sucking, DFK, BBBJ, DATY, 69 with her snatch in my face and tounge up her cunt, then I mentioned she had a little tuff of hair above her slit and I asked if she ever shaved it off and she in her broken Japanese "U want hair off" Yes! and she went and got a razor and shaven her little tuft off.... back on the bed for more of the above then after she had a huge organisim on with the dom for some mish then doggy then back to missionary until I slimed............this young JAP girl "Lisa" English is OK, she who loves good sex works there 6 days a week and finsihed up with an oily massage then some more BBBJ.........at $120 it's OK and I'll be back...on the way out the other Chinese Lady also in her mid / late 20's also looked OK also


Floor: #6
Post Time: 20th April 2011, 06:06 PM
Poster ID: justintime
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Based on Seray's experience I decided to see what they had on offer so popped in today at about 3:00.
The place looks deserted and a bit run down but for what was $60/30 I was not  going to complain.
Rang the bell and it took some time for the door to be answered but a cute Chinese lady answered the door.
Had I not made up my mind to see Lisa I would have chosen her and will go back again and give her a go.

Asked for Lisa and she called down the corridor as I was ushered into the room. Asked the going rate and told $60/30.
I hope she didn't see the look of surprise on my face. $60/30... WTF that is the same price as YOKO's in Rydalmere and already the place looked better than YOKO's.

The room was not "Stilettos" standard but who was there for the fancy trimmings anyway. Looked clean and tidy.. As they used to say in the old Best and Less TV ads.... "No fancy Overheads".

Looked around for a towel as was expecting to have the mandatory shower. None in sight.
In comes Lisa and she may not be 26 but rather mid to late 30's but not bad for $60. Better quality than YOKO's.
Started kissing amutual exploration. Holy hell.. she had no panties on.
The kissing was quite intense and she was massaging the little fella through my pants.
I like a start like this rather than the ladies stripping off as if to suggest "Come on lets get this over with".

When things stared heating up (and getting harder) she stripped off my shirt and started the nipple sucking.
Stripped her off and not bad. Natural "B" boobs I would say and lovely small sensitive responsive nipples that got attention from me.

By this time Lisa was moaning and breathing heavily so I turned her around and pushed her onto the bed, spread her legs (Nice smooth shaved snatch) and went to town with the tong action.
I think she got quite a surprise as I latched onto her pussy and let out an extra load moan that I thought would bring someone in to see what was going on.

Lisa grabbed the back of my head and pulled it tightly into her pussy and ground away. Heaven. Love it when the ladies get carried away.
Lots of panting, moaning and heavy breathing as I licked away. God she got so wet and I asked her to try and come and squirt on my face. Very wet but no squirting.
After some time of the squirming, moaning and shouting Lisa came and I thought she was going to crush my head and suffocate me.
Came up for air and suggested a fingering session for a second orgasm. Would only allow fingering with condom and won't allow deep fingering so I gave her "G" spot a massage that sent her off again.

My turn. She start to go down on me and I ask her to F%*&# my face at the same time. Can't get enough of a wet pussy.
The BBBJ was not all that good. Only took the head into her mouth so after a while I started to thrust into her mouth deeper.
Took it like a trooper.

She said she was vey horny now and asked me to F*%# her now.
On with the dom and into mish. Bugger these doms. I had brought my own ultra thin non latex as I need the skin to skin sensation. Better than latex but still suppresses the sensation.
Eye to eye contact as I slipped into her wet pussy. Plenty of gasping from Lisa as I buried myself up to the hilt and rubbed her clit with my pubic bone..
Her pussy is a bit loose for me but maybe that was because she had already cum twice.

Needed the skin to skin so suggested off with the dom and some more BBBJ and then a HJ till I blew over her tits as I had my face buried in her wet snatch.

I asked her if her pussy was happy and she said "Yes - Very" as she collapsed onto me for a cuddle till the time was up.

Return factor: 9/10 especially at $60/30. Times are tough and that price is unbeatable.
Boobs: 8/10 natural and lovely small responsive nipples.
Service 8/10 Happy to oblige and pleasant nature.
Room: 7/10 but not too bad for the price
Works: Mon - Thu

Will have to go back and try the other lady who answered the door and any others that look good.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 21st April 2011, 09:56 AM
Poster ID: SeaRay
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Great review "Justintime" yep that's LISA....she is Japanese, she used to work from a private house in Campsie and now only works at 38 Manson Street 6 days a week...she is a great service providor and at $120 per hour, it's a good little joint...SeaRay


Floor: #8
Post Time: 21st April 2011, 12:21 PM
Poster ID: justintime
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
[COLOR="blue"]Thanks for the heads up Searay.
Have you tried any of the other ladies there?
As I said in my review, the cutie that answered the door looked OK to me. If I had the choice of her or Lisa I may have picked her just on her looks. Looked younger than Lisa.Not that I'm downgrading Lisa.[/COLOR]







 Originally Posted by SeaRay


Great review "Justintime" yep that's LISA....she is Japanese, she used to work from a private house in Campsie and now only works at 38 Manson Street 6 days a week...she is a great service providor and at $120 per hour, it's a good little joint...SeaRay


Floor: #9
Post Time: 23rd June 2011, 12:19 PM
Poster ID: coogeeman
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I think this place has been closed?


