Thread Title: 413 Parramatta Rd Leichhardt
Floor: #1
Post Time: 12th March 2015, 03:46 PM
Poster ID: SeaRay
Post Title: 
 413 Parramatta Rd Leichhardt
				
Post Content: 
I have never noticed before the old "Pasta Shop" at 413 Parramatta Rd Leichhardt has had the windows and sliding door painted BLACK with only a 413 sign on it, upon searching Google I noticed the following Eamon Duff article






			
				For more than two years, the businessman has operated an illegal brothel, staffed exclusively by Thai women, on Parramatta Road, Leichhardt and as local government enforcers, such as Leichhardt Council, fail to crack down on the seedy world of underground brothels, the opportunity exists to expand. A Fairfax Media investigation can reveal Mr Perdikaris' latest men's retreat has popped up on the north shore. Business is so good, there are another 33 illegal brothels all thriving within a five-kilometre radius.

When approached for comment last week, Mr Perdikaris initially denied involvement at either address, or any others, however, he later confirmed both businesses were his but passed all blame for illegal activities at the premises onto his female workers. ''I haven't done anything wrong,'' he said. ''You employ people to do a job and you expect them to do the right thing … it's the staff who have been doing the wrong thing.'' Since February 2010, the Thai Treatment Centre has offered ''relaxing therapeutic Thai massage'' from 429 Parramatta Road, Leichhardt. But as underground brothel review forums demonstrate - and surrounding businesses have long known - remedial services are by no means the only speciality here.

On the Australian XXX Reviews website, there are more than 35 individual reviews spanning two years from men who have received sexual services inside Mr Perdikaris' parlour.

Some of those reviews were posted as recently as a fortnight ago.

One ''punter'' advised fellow users the brothel is ''a fine place to go while the wife goes shopping on Norton Street'' and claimed it was connected to the ''Thai RnT group'', which has establishments in Artarmon and Lindfield.
''Many girls work a few days at several places,'' he wrote.

Another client's review stated: ''There was no massage, just straight into play time.''
He later bragged how he haggled the Thai worker down to just $50 for full sex, $30 less than the sum she had requested.

Another, rating a different prostitute, said: ''The only thing she doesn't do well is massage, but who cares.''

In 2007, the NSW government introduced reforms under the Restricted Premises Act to help councils better identify and prosecute illegal brothels. Then premier Morris Iemma claimed the courts would be able to shut premises down in less than a week.

But as statistics show, the truth could not be more different. And, as the O'Farrell government continues to dither on the introduction of a brothel licensing authority, the spread of illegal parlours continues.

Of the 34 illegal north shore premises identified in a Fairfax investigation a fortnight ago, 15 were found to have been served with closure orders two years ago.

On April 5, Leichhardt Council received detailed evidence that Mr Perdikaris' business was operating as an illegal brothel on its own doorstep. Submitted by Brothel Busters head Chris Seage, who investigates illegal brothels, the dossier said: ''It is clear therapeutic massage is the least that happens at this establishment. I am happy to assist council in any way … to eradicate illegal brothels from Sydney's landscape.''

In the eight months since, Leichhardt Council has failed to take decisive action.
Mr Perdikaris, meanwhile, has opened the new massage centre at 401 Pacific Highway, Crows Nest.
He received development approval on the basis it was a remedial clinic.
But in recent weeks, North Sydney Council has confirmed, through private investigators, it has been selling sex.

When Mr Perdikaris lodged the development application earlier this year, he registered the Leichhardt parlour as his address.
Leichhardt mayor Darcy Byrne lashed out at his own council's response, arguing it was ''completely inadequate''.

''The illegal exploitation of sex workers needs to be investigated with much greater urgency by Leichhardt and all other councils,'' he said. ''Such a serious problem should not take months to address.''

On Friday, Leichhardt Council said its ''own independent investigation'' into the Parramatta Road premises - and others in the area - was ongoing.
Mr Perdikaris claimed he had ''got rid of the people doing the wrong thing"
			
		

So what is the go with 413 Parramatta Rd Leichhardt, does any body know ?


Floor: #2
Post Time: 12th March 2015, 07:04 PM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I think the thrust of SRs post is "should this place be reviewed ?".

Note that the article is old news (2013 - early 2014 IIRC).


Floor: #3
Post Time: 12th March 2015, 07:54 PM
Poster ID: wachumba
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
What does this article have to do with 413? The article refers to 429.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 12th March 2015, 09:28 PM
Poster ID: Mr Crash and Burn
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by wachumba


What does this article have to do with 413? The article refers to 429
"""




I guess we all assumed this to be the case, but maybe, just maybe there is another hideaway just down the road.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 13th March 2015, 07:14 AM
Poster ID: SeaRay
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I raised this subject as Mr Perdikaris fellow does own several THAI Shops including 429 Parramatta Rd but he also is tied in with what ever is going on at 419 Parramatta Rd.
The question was, what is behind the BLACK painted Glass at 413 ?


