Thread Title: 99 Fortune Escorts - 99 Parramatta Rd, Annandale - 02 9557 3437
Floor: #1
Post Time: 27th January 2010, 05:02 PM
Poster ID: Hohnerboy
Post Title: 
 99 Fortune Escorts - 99 Parramatta Rd, Annandale - 02 9557 3437
				
Post Content: 
previously posted elshwere, oct 11, 2009

popped in today, saw Yoyo, a tiny girl, claims to be a mix of Japanese and HKC, could be right.

also claimed it was her first day, that too might be true if she meant her first day at this place, since i dont think it was her first day in the industry.

i asked in the into if she did bbbj, and she said yes, if you are clean. in the room it turned out that yes, she did do bbbj, if  your are clean, AND if you give her another $20.

it was a so so bbbj, not very deep and not much pressure, some ordinary sex followed by COB.

pretty easy on the eyes, so if you like that tiny jap girl look then go for it, i ended up going to 12 belvue to get a proper happy ending  

$85 30 mins, + $20 for bbbj


Floor: #2
Post Time: 15th November 2011, 09:32 PM
Poster ID: MrBeen
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Mona @ Annandale 99 (99 Parramatta Rd Annandale) 

Apologies, this report/review is a few weeks old. However, have been very busy of late so did not have the time to put the fingers to the key board. It is interesting that this place is short on reviews. Maybe I a diamond in the rubble.

I was coming home early evening on Friday 28 October, after a few post work drinks and felt the urge to blow a load. So I decided to pay a visit to Annandale 99, that is 99 Parramatta Rd Annandale NSW 2038. The shops phone number are 02 9557 9118 and 02 9557 3437. This shop has been around for years and my last punt there was at least 4 years ago. I decided to enter via the discrete rear entrance, which is via Albion St. The shop is open from 10 to late according to the business card I picked up at 99 Annandale.

I was admitted by a mamasan and taken to the lounge area. I was advised that there would be very shortly one girl available so I decided to wait and see what was on offer. I had a drink of water and a sweet while waiting. After about 5 minutes Mona came to say hi. Mona is a Chinese origin, hailing from Hong Kong, and is in about her mid twenties. So needless to say Mona has black hair and brown eyes. Mona's hair is not long, about shoulder length. Mona is about 165 centimetres tall and it very busty. I have to say Mona has one of the best racks I have seen on China woman. She is I would say a 36 D. Mona has a nice face, certainty she is pleasant to look at. She is certainly curvy in the right places and her figure is quite nice. 

I was more than happy to spend some time with Mona and handed over $150 so that I could the pleasure of her for an hour. Mona's English language skills are fairly basic. So other than being able to communicate about sexual matters she does not have the English to chat in general. Mona and I proceeded up stairs, she leading wearing a fishnet body dress with a matching sexy black bra and panties. Mona requested that I have a shower, the room had a shower in the corner. I stripped off and showered and then dried off, the towel being of reasonable quality. Mona had by this stage got naked. Mona has no body piercings and/or tattoos. 

I lay on the bed and was joined by Mona. Proceeding started with some light kisses between us. I then had a good feel of Mona's lovely breasts before popping her nipples into my mouth for a gentle suck and lick. After enjoying Mona's ample breasts I moved south for some DATY. Mona had a nice shaved cunt. I spent a lot of time pleasuring Mona with my tongue, she really got off, coming many times. I then let Mona return the oral favour, she giving me some great natural oral on my cock. However, I stopped her from letting me climax in her mouth. I got her to dom me up and I mounted her in miss. I was pretty worked up by this stage so I lasted about a minute before shooting my load. Mona cleaned me up and then commenced to give me a massage. After a while I decided to massage her cunt again using my tongue. So I went to town again on Mona's pussy and clit bringing her off some more times. I was hard again so I got Mona to dom me up again and get on top of me in cow girl and ride me some. I then got Mona to go reverse cow girl. After that I sat up and moved into doggie. I pumped away for a while but could not get across the line. So I got Mona to take the dom off, apply some more oral skills and then oil me up. Mona gave me a nice hand job and finally I got over the line just before my time was up. After Mona cleaned me up I had another shower, dressed and departed via the rear entrance. 

I thought Mona was really good lady, she made me pop twice in an hour, which is something I do not often do. So I will certainly have a repeat session with Mona when the opportunity arises. All in all 99 Annandale was good value for money. By far 99 was the best I had been to from my visits to various inner west houses of pleasure.

(also posted on HL, MHG, PP, SDU and Syd99)
						



 Attached Images


Floor: #3
Post Time: 16th November 2011, 06:39 AM
Poster ID: CommanderM
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Great work MrBeen. She seems like a good girl to try. Thanks


Floor: #4
Post Time: 16th November 2011, 07:25 AM
Poster ID: tinlegs
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Great work MrBeen. She seems like a good girl to try. Thanks
			
		

Ditto, if only some of the newbies could make a review as such


Floor: #5
Post Time: 6th May 2012, 02:03 PM
Poster ID: MrBeen
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
My first report for 2012, I had been focussed on building up some cash reserves to fund adventures.

To open the action for 2012 I thought I would revisit 99 Parramatta Rd and have another session with Mona. We duly caught up with each other in the afternoon on Friday 12 April. As a recap, in lieu of reading my earlier post, Mona is very busty and full figured Chinese woman but certainly not fat, has for me a nice looking face, aged mid twenties, minimal English, black shoulder length hair, which now has a wave in it, brown eyes and about 165cm tall

I handed over $150 so that I could have the pleasure of Mona’s company for an hour and off to a room upstairs we went. I had a shower, the water pressure and temperature, soap dispenser and towel were all good. And the room temperature was okay, there is heating/air conditioning. As I was drying myself Mona disrobed, she had looked very good wearing lovely blue sexy underwear under a blue cocktail style dress with plunging neckline which displayed her assets nicely. Mona lay on the double bed and I joined her. We started off with me hugging and kissing her, lightly as she is not into DFK.  I then proceeded on to sucking and licking her nipples and kneading her breasts. Next on the menu was DATY. I really went to town on Mona licking and sucking of her clit and pussy area. Mona really enjoyed the oral attention, indeed she told me how hot she was getting and made me feel the perspiration that was happening on her forehead. Needless to say I continued on with oral work as she was responding and enjoying herself, indeed she was going off like anything. After a really good session of DATY I got Mona to put a condom on me and I entered her in mish. No lube was needed and I probably lasted about a minute before shooting a load, Mona had got me worked up to. 

Mona then cleaned me up and we lay together cudding. She was still feeling hot literally and so she did not stop me when I put hand/fingers down near her pussy and started gently playing. This progressed to me being allowed to fingering her, normally a no no with WLs unless gloved. Mona returned my attention by massaging my cock, which started to rise again. We switched around to a 69 position so that I could resume giving Mona DATY while she gave me a BBBJ. I became fully hard again and Mona’s oral work eventually saw me blow again, with Mona giving me a CIM. However, this was a small pop given my earlier deposit in the condom. We both lay together resting awaiting the buzzer, which duly rang. I and Mona then both showered separately and redressed. We went back down stairs, a quick kiss and cuddle and I wandered out the rear entrance.

All in all I had had another really good time with Mona. I think I will try some of other women who work here as IMO I got good value for money. There is website to see some of the other talent on offer 99 Fortune Full sexy erotic Adult Service, Beautiful young Asian Escorts at 99 parramatta rd Annandale Sydney


(Also posted on other forums)


Floor: #6
Post Time: 14th June 2012, 08:50 PM
Poster ID: gentlescream
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Persons Name: Winny

Establishment: 99 Fortune

Date of Visit: June 2012

Contact Details: 99 Fortune Full sexy erotic Adult Service, Beautiful young Asian Escorts at 99 parramatta rd Annandale Sydney

Hours of Business: ~10pm

Rates: $85/30 mins (was offered 40 for $100 but turned it down)

Age: Mid to late 30s

Size Shape: 5' 4" ish, size 8, B cup breasts (not great with these)

Nationality or Ethnicity: Chinese

Services Provided: Massage, BBBJ FS B2B Sensual Massage

Value for money: No. (dud)

They say there's a first for everything and for me, on this night, it was a dud punt.

Was originally going TOFTT at Tang massage, but the place was busy so I heaed to 99. Had been meaning to visit the venue for awhile after seeing their pics.

Arrived and there was only one WL available. Two others were busy. Should have walked...or ran, rather. But I guess I was more desperate than I thought. 
She never told me her age, but looks around mid to late 30s. Winny was friendly. We eached showered and I lay down as she gave me a sensual massage and
B2B, which were actually quite nice. 

I went DATY for a short moment and I asked her for BBBJ. Doesn't seem like she had much oral experience. Couldn't get her to get any deeper than the tip until I half-forced her. She slipped the condom on I went doggy with her for awhile. I felt myself about to cum much much earlier than usual (guess my body wanted to be out of the place asap). So I slowed down, flipper her over and went mish. I penatrated for about a total of 5 minutes before I just said screw it went exploded. ...Regrettable record low time personally. Was out of there in 20 mins. 

Mamasan told me that there would be younger girls on other days. Won't be in a hurry to return anytime soon, until I am at least able to check the girl online and book her. Would much rather try my luck at 12 Bellevue. 

Looks: 4.5/10
Body: 5/10 (just barely average)
Massage: 6/10
BBBJ: 4.5/10
Sex: 5.5/10

Rooms: 4.5~5/10 (better than 12 Bellevue, but not by a great much)

Overall: 5/10


Floor: #7
Post Time: 21st June 2012, 04:19 PM
Poster ID: wayne
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Persons Name: Sakura

Establishment: 99 Fortune

Date of Visit: Thursday, 21 June 2012

Contact Details: 99 Fortune Full sexy erotic Adult Service, Beautiful young Asian Escorts at 99 parramatta rd Annandale Sydney

Hours of Business: ~10pm

Rates: $150/hr

Age: Mid to late 30s

Size Shape: 160 cm, Size 6-8. 

Nationality or Ethnicity: Chinese claiming to be Japanese

Services Provided: Massage, BBBJ FS B2B Sensual Massage

Value for money: Yes

Yet another 30 something woman prancing around thinking that non-Asians don't know the difference between Japanese and Chinese. Really, it can be silly sometimes when you ask where they are you from and get "Japan", "Oh, whereabouts in Japan?" "Tokyo." "Whereabouts in Tokyo?" Then the obfuscation becomes uncomfortable. But I digress, Sukara is a pleasant young woman who will please the breast men. She has the most enormous nipples on some big knockers. The other notable thing about her is the size of her mouth. I don't have a small mouth, but when Sakura kisses she wraps her lips around me and leaves me sucking on her tongue as I am engulfed by her mouth. Can't say I remember ever having a smallish Asian woman doing this to me previously. After a very long period kissing, Sakura moved on down to my old fella. She licked and moved further down to some tea bagging and a very brief dragon drill before moving up again and taking my old fella into her mouth. All very exciting. I wanted to use my erection so motioned her to lie down and entered her. Knowing where her mouth had just been, I did not feel like accepting her invitation to resume our deep kissing. After 10 minutes of pounding away it was obvious I was not going to cum, so I withdrew and Sakura immediately resumes licking and sucking. She got me writhing away until I felt the climax coming. Being sans prostate, I don't spurt cum and most working girls find this odd. They feel, or see, my climax but still feel convinced that they can make me cum. Sakura claims to have been a nurse in Japan; but given her total lack of understanding of my biological process, I doubt her professional qualifications extend beyond being told how to massage clients. Once I finally persuaded her that she won't get any cum out of my now limp dick, Sakura offered to massage me. And a very good massage indeed. Soft and gentle, caressing and rhythmical, she built up the pressure. 

Wouldn't bother to return for the sex, but would for the massage.


Floor: #8
Post Time: 18th July 2012, 01:54 PM
Poster ID: wayne
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Persons Name: Emily (sometimes Rebecca - also works at 64TP and 533W)

Establishment: 99 Fortune

Date of Visit: Wednesday, 18 July 2012

Contact Details: 95573437

Hours of Business: ~10pm

Rates: $150/hr

Age: early 30s

Size Shape: 160 cm, Size 6-8, busty.

Nationality or Ethnicity: Taiwanese

Services Provided: Massage, BBBJ FS B2B Sensual Massage

Value for money: Yes

There is only a limited option for activities when you walk into a brothel and pay for one hour with a woman. She takes you up the stairs, asks you to shower, undresses, dries you and gets you lying down. She either kisses you on the mouth, and surrenders to your will; or she gets into her shop routine: which is usually, licking your nipples and slowly working down to your groin. Again, this is when alternatives arise. Either she licks around your balls and, maybe licks your anus, or she immediately licks your cock and takes in her mouth. The 99 routine seems to be the former. Then, once all excited she will either ease you into her pussy, while you are still lying down, or she will lie down and you knee in front of her to enter. 

Emily/Rebecca is a lovely Taiwanese girl who follows a shop routine but, I suspect, would become more responsive on a return visit. Slightly scatty (think of Cici at 533), but fun. Well worth a visit.


Floor: #9
Post Time: 9th April 2013, 03:08 PM
Poster ID: vandalxq
Post Title: 
 Julie - 99 Annandale
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Julie

Establishment : 99 Annandale

Date of Visit : March 2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : PH: 9557 9118  99 Fortune Full sexy erotic Adult Service, Beautiful young Asian Escorts at 99 parramatta rd Annandale Sydney 

Hours of Business : 10 - late 

Rates : $80 1/2 hour $150 1 hour

Age : 26

Size/shape : curvy 10 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Korean 

Services Provided : Full Service, massage, BBBJ

Value for money/recommend? : Dont recommend 

My experience/comments : Called up late on tuesday night was looking for a busty asian and was pleasantly surprised when introduced to Julie. She was wearing a short black dress with a good set of DD's and nice curvy body. The mamasan at this place is really nice and makes you feel at ease. Went up stairs with Julie, a great view of her ass as we walked up the stairs and looking forward to the hour I booked with her. 

Unfortunately when we got in the room that all ended. Julie is very talkative and there were times I just wanted to tell her to shut up. Looks better in a dress than naked and the service was rather tame compared to what I was expecting based on the way she looked. After a long massage flipped over for a pretty good BBBJ, sex was pretty mechanical and the talking really put me off. DOnt get me wrong like a bit of talking but this girl was too much. 

Will definitely be back to this place but will give Julie a miss.


Floor: #10
Post Time: 23rd June 2015, 04:19 AM
Poster ID: uoeno
Post Title: 
 99 Parramatta Road Annandale (1st Review)
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sandy

Establishment : 99 Parramatta Road, Annandale

Date of Visit : 30/05/15

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : annandale 99, annandale brothel

Hours of Business : 24 Hr

Rates : $70/20 min 

Age : 23-28

Size/shape : Thin, Petite

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian

Services Provided : Full Service 20min

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : I arrived at about 5AM after a fairly big night, wanting a bit of quick action before I went to sleep. When I got there two girls were working. Neither of them exceptionally attractive but neither unnattrractive either. One's face was a bit prettier so I picked her. After a quick shower we got straight into a covered blowjob, which lasted a minute or two before we started to have sex. Spent about 5 minutes in missionary building up, then the last 5-10 mintues in doggy to slam it home. Her attitude was quite cheerful even though I could tell she was tired and had been working a while. Good on her for that. Overall good and satisfying experience. Definitely scratched the itch that it needed to.


Floor: #11
Post Time: 5th February 2016, 06:19 PM
Poster ID: Phil McCavity
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Forgot

Establishment : 99 Paramatta ROad

Date of Visit : 5/2/2016

Rates : $85/30

Age : 30's

Size/shape : Short, a little chunky but not plump

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : CBJ, FS

Value for money/recommend? : ARRRRGH no way.

My experience/comments : 

She didn't look so bad in the intro and I was horny. That says it all. I couldn't wait for the session to end. Started off rubbing her tits on my dick, then on with a dom for an unpleasantly toothy CBJ. Sex followed, her face saying the whole time she wanted to be somewhere else. Needless to say I didn't get across the line.

Kissing : 0 - there was none
CBJ : 1. Toothy and not that great.
Sex : 1. Just awful
Actual fuck participation : 0

Next time I'll stay home and jack off instead. Of go visit May at 235.


Floor: #12
Post Time: 5th February 2016, 06:25 PM
Poster ID: Jack Kerouac
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hi Phil,

Sorry to hear of your crook experience.

In the future could you use the term 'wank' instead of 'jack'

Jack


Floor: #13
Post Time: 5th February 2016, 11:35 PM
Poster ID: Phil McCavity
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
LOL no problem, though I was very careful not to use a capital J. 

Capitalisation, after all, is the difference between helping your Uncle Jack off a horse and helping your uncle jack off a horse.


Floor: #14
Post Time: 6th February 2016, 04:34 PM
Poster ID: Jack Kerouac
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Yes,

For example, "This is a car jack" or "This is a car Jack."

Jack


Floor: #15
Post Time: 22nd October 2018, 05:26 PM
Poster ID: mnhpas
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Amy or Aumy

Establishment : 99 Paramatta Road

Date of Visit : 22/10/2018

Rates : $90/30

Age : late 20's

Size/shape : Short, size 10 and a little chunky.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : DATY, CBJ, HJ

Value for money/recommend? : nope

My experience/comments : 

Haven't seen a review from here in a long time, so decided to stop in on the way back from getting a haircut. 

Parked at the back, strolled up into the tiny blackened intro room - had a choice of 2 and took the one with the smallest silhouette.

Popped into the shower, nearly killed myself, while she followed after and hosed her bits (its all in the room), then commenced gollying spitballs (omg).

Got her to lie down, saw a full bush and nearly died. FOAM as I started and I had enough after 60 seconds. Onto the "CBJ" and well I may as well have kept driving past.

This place wasn't reviewed for 2 years+ and I can see why.

Decided after 10 minds of this crap that a HJ will do, and did it myself & walked out.

Steer clear.


Thread Title: 99 Fortune Escorts - 99 Parramatta Rd, Annandale - 02 9557 3437
Floor: #16
Post Time: 29th January 2019, 10:48 AM
Poster ID: ampuntman
Post Title: 
 99 Ananndale - 02 9557 9118
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : MiMi

Establishment : 99 Annandale

Date of Visit : 01/12/2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :  99 Paramatta Rd, Annandale

Phone : 02 9557 9118

Hours of Business : 9am till late

Rates : 30mins/$90 60mins/$160

Age : Maybe mid 20s.

Size/shape : abit chubby, petite, D Cup

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : BBBJ, FS.

Value for money/recommend? : Sure, only because i loved her tits and pussy.

My experience/comments : As i was in the area i fancied a punt and thought why not. I have not been in this area so i thought i would pop in and try it out. I was greeted by the owner/mama-san and she escorted me to a small lounge area. She called for the girls and i was shown 4 or 5 girls who each gave me a quick greeting and introduced their names. I picked MiMi as i liked a girl who had some meat. (She is not overweight or a bbw, just slightly chubby). Opted for 30mins as not sure what to expect, first time here.The establishment is quite big, its basically a double story house. I was escorted to a room upstairs. We had some small talk but i could tell english is not her major and we talked with broken english for the duration. She said shower and i obliged, she dried me off after and next was her turn. She had a very nice body, nice D Cups and a nice plump ass. She had a very pretty inny pussy and trimmed bush, just the way i like it. Now into the action, she started with some cat-bathing, nipple licking and then to a BBBJ, it was ok/ not the best but decent. On with the dom, she got on top and started grinding, not long before she started slamming on top of me. After a good 10 mins it was my turn and missionary here we go, i sucked her tits while going at it and wasn't long before i came. Had a quick shower and thanked her and said our farewells. Decent punt.
]


Floor: #17
Post Time: 5th October 2019, 12:21 PM
Poster ID: kiss and tell
Post Title: 
 99 Annanadale
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lucy

Establishment : 99 Annandale

Date of Visit : 03/10/2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 99 Paramatta Rd, Annandale

Phone : 02 9557 9118

Hours of Business : 9am till late

Rates : 30mins/$90 60mins/$160

Age : early 30's .

Size/shape : size 7, cute ass,  shapely c cup,  shaved,  pretty face

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : BBBJ, FS, pussy play, passionate kissing 

Value for money/ yes nice session 

Heading home mid evening a few nights on parramatta rd and been caught at traffic a few times and seen the neons and big 99 on front facade next door to pub... Place screams brothel so looked up if any reviews on here but not much to go by...
Let's check it out. 

On the way to city so stopped in to check it out after lunch. 
Has a rear lane entrance so took that option from side street. 
Only 2 girls on and chose Lucy... 
Said more girls after.
Into room and take a quick shower while Lucy readies and dry off and meet me out of shower for nice passionate kiss.... Well hello nice nice to get started...
We continue kissing and feel each other up nice firm body and I start to remove her dress and rub all over, Lucy is doing same and feels real good. 
Sexy lacy bra with cross over straps and tiny g string looks great on her body...
Gentle push her onto bed and kiss her neck and my hands wonder down, freshly smooth shaven.... Mmmmm yummy I am thinking daty... 
Lick her nipples and make my way down,  kissing all towards her honey hole.
Part the small string to one side and on edge of bed I'm on my knees and begin to admire her sweet pussy. 
Lucy gets nice and wet and seems to enjoy but told me not to much as she like to Cum with my dick inside so I gentle went at it for a while longer. 
Quick wipe and onto the bed my turn... Hehehe 
Lucy kisses me and likes her juices then make her way down via my nipples and cock in mouth....very nice soft and gentle to start with tongue flicking on head,  nice depth and slaps it on her cheeks...
Let is go for a good 10min.
I stand by bed and look down as still sux me while applying dom.. 
Edge of bed and into doggy.... Great ass and just park it there as she rocks back and forth.... Am really enjoying the view and and pump gentle away. 
I'm getting really into this and moans are flowing each way.. 
Lucy askes me to get on top and want me deep coz she wants to Cum and says we do together... 
Another lovely kissing session before I go in mish, and go slow for few minutes with long strokes, I up the tempo and Lucy starts to go off and pulling me in and is bucking her hips up for more depth,  she's really getting loud now and some dirty talk and I can feel it getting there,  I pump hard and we both Cum seems very genuine from her,  lovely great feeling... 
Tidy up and we both lie there for a bit. 

Dress up and on the way out,  mamasan introduces her self as yaya gives me a big hug and very friendly chit chat telling me about the place and introduced me to a few other girls in back room kitchen on the way out... 
Thanks again all in all nice even if place is quite old but here for something else don't the decor.....


Floor: #18
Post Time: 13th December 2019, 11:37 PM
Poster ID: kiss and tell
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Barbie 

Establishment : 99 Annandale

Date of Visit : Dec /2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 99 Paramatta Rd, Annandale

Phone : 02 9557 9118

Hours of Business : 9am till late

Rates : 30mins/$90 60mins/$160

Age : early 30's .

Size/shape : size 10 cute ass, c cups, shaved sweet pussy, pretty face, chunky ass. 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Taiwan 

Services Provided : BBBJ, FS, pussy play, passionate kissing, 69, lots of daty.

Value for money/ yes yes yes

Busy season is upon us but you got to do it,  so turned off on the way home to 99 annanadale.
Up the back alley way and could see a girl in black teddy and G-string smiling at me she was hanging some washing out. 
Ohhhhh la-la looks cute with short bobbed air little more meat with a nice big ass... 
Little fella was approving so walked in and hi to yaya get a hug,  and a kiss what great customer service.... Hahahha 

Into small room near stairs 4 girls available  so see them all, all quite nice no real stand
Out bit older but all fit.
Still had black teddy on the mind and Barbie was last in. 
Cute smile nice make up and seems keen so off we go. 
In room so start to wash and Barbie enters friendly kiss and small chat. 
She strips and head to bed so dry off and join her, nice body but small belly but was her ass that got me and was right nice to grab. 
So kissing and touch and hands goes down for a feel so I did same, Ohhhhh yes yes freshly shaved nice,  daty running thru my mind. 
She makes her way down for a good suck good hand action pretty deep and great tongue twirling, let this for a bit then pull her leg for 69 and she makes her way up,  nice lips for sucking and big clit sweet sweet pussy.... 
We 69 for a about 10min and she getting all wet telling me horny horny and I believe her by her actions nd wetness... 
Move over and offer to lick her and she very happy lays back and I kiss her then make my way down.
Straight up she is guiding me and holding my head she is squirling and pushing my hard in, licking up and down in long strokes and she goes off,  I press her clit between my lips and squeeze hard and lick fast and she is going off seems genuine to me so continue and get a big squirt as she cums.... Wooooow... 
No more touching hahahha she is done. 
I freshen and have a drink then start again with kisses and I tell her my turn. 
She sucks me again but I was already hard so goes quite deep and how good it feels. 
More horny horny comments and she gets on and kisses meet and positions herself ontop... 
Starts a pussy slide up and down and can feel her wetness,  she gets 2 condoms rips one to shreds WTF,  then only uses the base.... Ohhhhh cock ring haven't had one before but read it here so she positions that low and a nice hj then dom on. 
She gets on and nice nice she starts to grind,  she does have a bit of belly so do I hahahha so not much slamming down,  I position her in doggy me standing up behind and Wooooow nice ass I do enjoy a sexy big ass at times and it was great. 
I wanted more daty so switch over and lick away she is so wet so give her a good licking which she seems to enjoy....
I'm start hard with this cock ring thing still on so position myself and go in.
I'm going deep and enjoying it then some soft strokes and she moves her legs and closes then with me ontop so her legs are closed and boy is it tight, but she is so wet that it feels amazing, she telling me Cum together that this is her favourite....
OK OK let's do this some lfk and tongue action and I can feel it....... 
I blow deep and she keeps me in tensioning her pussy muscles till I roll off and hit the bed to get my breath back.... 

All in all great girl with great bbbj and very orgasmic and responsive.....
Loved her wet shaved pussy.
Down the back yaya cooking again a hug and kiss and ask if OK..... 
I give her the  and out we go......


