Thread Title: Cindarella - 185B Victoria Rd, Drummoyne - 02 9181 2135
Floor: #1
Post Time: 15th January 2011, 11:21 PM
Poster ID: zoommx
Post Title: 
 Cindarella - 185B Victoria Rd, Drummoyne - 02 9181 2135
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name:Jessica

Establishment (if applicable):Cinderella

Contact Details/Address: 185b victoria Rd drummoyne NSW

Hours of Business: (if known or applicable) 24h

Prices: 130/ 30min

Age: 25

Size/shape: 5"5

Nationality or Ethnicity:korean

Services: full 

Value for money/recommend?: market Asian price 

My experience/comments: found a new Asian place, chose Jessica out of 3 girls, sweet face, kind of girl next door, slightly chubby by Asian standard, double D all natural, kiss and bbbj, limited nipple kissing and no touch on pussy, not the tightest pussy, but good GFE, overall happy with the money spent.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 26th March 2011, 12:05 AM
Poster ID: jbstackhouse
Post Title: 
 Cinderella 185B Victoria Rd Drummoyne
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Jessica

Establishment : Cinderella

Date of Visit: 23/3/11

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: (02) 9181 2135 

Hours of Business: 12PM till late

Rates: $180 for 45mins

Age: 25+

Size/shape: Medium, firm body, tall for asian.

Nationality or Ethnicity: Korean

Services Provided: Fire and Ice, 

Value for money/recommend?: Average experience. Would try others before going back

My experience/comments: Very friendly girl, english good. Makes you feel very comfortable. Starts with shower where she washes you down. The show itself is very dark and a bit weird. She starts by licking you down then giving the fire and ice BJ. Quite enthusiastic, decent technique. Sex itself was average, cowgirl only lasted a couple of minutes. She was more happy to lie on her back and let me do the hard work. Friendly enough girl but service was lacking.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 30th November 2011, 11:25 PM
Poster ID: Phil McCavity
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
This used to be a great little Anglo place.  Called Darlings.  Mel and Madeline turned my brains to putty on more occasions than I care to remember.  God I miss them...


Floor: #4
Post Time: 14th December 2011, 11:30 PM
Poster ID: wayne
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Angel is a small, very slim Taiwanese; probably no bigger than a size 5 with small bud breasts; and no older than early 20s. She gives passionate service, with fire and ice a standard for the shop.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 23rd January 2012, 09:43 AM
Poster ID: wpw
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Cindarella - 185B Victoria Rd, Drummoyne - 02 9181 2135
Person's Name: Na Na

Establishment (if applicable):Cinderella

Contact Details/Address: 185b victoria Rd drummoyne NSW

Hours of Business: 

Prices: $190/ 45min

Age: 22

Size/shape: 5"

Nationality or Ethnicity:korean

Services: BBBJ + FS

Value for money/recommend?: On the high side 

My experience/comments: Na Na was compact, attractive and nice body. Complained about being tired from the start which made me wonder if $190 was being well spent. Did a good BBBJ and was friendly. FS was just average. Not sure that I would go back in a hurry.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 25th May 2012, 05:25 PM
Poster ID: SeaRay
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
There are rumours of a buyout of Cinderella's / Darling's happening soon and may have mature NON Asian Women / MILFS again , some guy called________who runs Triple 8 or 888 Recruitment that is an Employment Agent for Hookers is behind the buy out !!!!  This could be interesting to have Mature Women back in the Inner West............Darlings has a full Bordello License and the set up is not too bad............


Floor: #7
Post Time: 26th May 2012, 10:33 PM
Poster ID: Phil McCavity
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by SeaRay


There are rumours of a buyout of Cinderella's / Darling's happening soon and may have mature NON Asian Women / MILFS again , some guy called________who runs Triple 8 or 888 Recruitment that is an Employment Agent for Hookers is behind the buy out !!!!  This could be interesting to have Mature Women back in the Inner West............Darlings has a full Bordello License and the set up is not too bad...........
"""



That place was my favourite haunt for years.  My first punt there was in about 1980 and I must've been there dozens, possibly more than a hundred, times until it changed into an Asian joint 3 or 4 years ago.

I went there once and once only since.  

A return to the previous style would be most welcome.  I hope the current management haven't taken the mirrors off he walls and ceiling of the end room!


Floor: #8
Post Time: 27th May 2012, 07:15 AM
Poster ID: wimpumper
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I'd be back there if it becomes a non Asian
joint again !

My favourites were Madeline and Dallas ...great
memories.  Always wondered where they went.


Floor: #9
Post Time: 6th June 2012, 05:06 PM
Poster ID: Phil McCavity
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Madeline was just gorgeous.  I have a herniated disc in my back thanks to her.

Mel was my fave there.  

I don't know where either of them went.


Floor: #10
Post Time: 26th November 2013, 08:13 PM
Poster ID: Yangas
Post Title: 
 185b Victoria Rd, Drummoyne - 02 9181 2135
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : coco

Establishment : 185 club

Date of Visit : 18 October 2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 185b Victoria road drummoyne

Hours of Business : late

Rates : $90 30 mins

Age : 22

Size/shape : slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese 

Services Provided : full

Value for money/recommend? : yep

My experience/comments : Nice girl. dark hair, fair skin, slim and short. Implants. Long but really soft nipples. 

Did the same old go in undress have shower etc, but I got her to put her clothes back on. Then I took off her cute sky blue lingerie revealing her rock hard implants. Let me lick her out and had a realistic moan, even arched her back a few times. I think she got a little wet (real).

English wasn't too good but tried. Nice girl answered all my questions but didn't speak too much. Really friendly let me do pretty much what I wanted. Bit of role playing. Real girl friend experience and accommodating.

Nice venue, clean modern. But loser guy at reception.


Floor: #11
Post Time: 16th February 2015, 02:11 PM
Poster ID: indian_punter
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Bella

Establishment : 185 club

Date of Visit : 13 February 2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 185b Victoria road drummoyne

Hours of Business : Unsure. Really late as Bella said she finished at 2pm

Rates : $100 - 30 mins

Age : 24

Size/shape : Curvy size 10-12. B cup

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : full service. BBBJ $20 extra

Value for money/recommend? : for sure 

My experience/comments :
Was on the way to the city and decided to check theses guys out after not having been there for many years.
I remember seeing an amazing Korean girl there last time so was hoping for a repeat. 

Parking was easy and went up the stairs.
2 girls on duty.
Mika ? And Bella. Easy choice. Mika was skinny and had small boobs. Not my type.  Chinese.

Bella was a nice curvy figure. Love that. Nice boobs. Limited English but enough to tell me she's been here from Thailand for only a month and school starts in March.

Shower .. which is a bit run down. Disappointed. 
Room had mirrors on Every wall !
And the ceiling as well.
I must admit, it added to the sexiness  of the whole encounter.

Got a nice BBBJ.  Very good suction. Lots of attention. She rode on top after that. slow then fast and then I said let me get on top. She refused and rode harder because she was about to come. And she did. Nicely. 

Then I got on top .. then doggy. 
Blew behind her.
Shower and out in just over half hour.

Really good session. She gave good service. Young and energetic. Pretty and beautiful curves.

Looks 8/10
Body 8/10
Service 8/10

Going back again soon for sure.
She is there all week this month.


Floor: #12
Post Time: 16th February 2015, 02:49 PM
Poster ID: Phil McCavity
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by indian_punter


Room had mirrors on Every wall !
And the ceiling as well.
I must admit, it added to the sexiness  of the whole encounter
"""



That particular room brought me considerable pleasure on numerous occasions back when this was a cauc establishment. Those mirrors coulda been there for 8 or 10 years. So it might be a good idea for you to check the double-sided tape is still OK next visit LOL!


Floor: #13
Post Time: 13th May 2015, 05:07 PM
Poster ID: Denison
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Cha Cha (pronounced "Jar Jar" by her)

Establishment : 185b Victoria Road Drummoyne

Date of Visit : 8 May 2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : see CLUB 185- 185B Victoria Road Drummoyne - Sydney body rubs - cracker.com.au 

Hours of Business : late

Rates : $80 for 20 mins, $100 for 30 mins, $140 for 45 mins, $170 for 60 mins

Age : said she was 24 - the opposite of the usual as she only looked 20 (which I told her)

Size/shape : 1.60, average body, B minus cup, nice face

Nationality or Ethnicity : wouldn't say, maybe Malaysian or Indian judging by skin colour (gorgeous olive)

Services Provided : CBJ, FS

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : 

Ever had it away together with 5 other couples in the same room with you? And every time you look at one of the other couples, they look back and are clearly enjoying themselves? Well, you can in this establishment with the full mirrors on 4 walls and also the ceiling. Certainly adds a different perspective but I am getting ahead of myself here.

Cinderella backs onto a good parking area which is a plus. Up the back stairs, greeted by Mamasan and shown into a waiting room. Young Mamasan didn't seem to know what to do next so, after an awkward pause, I asked to see the girls. First up was a Ladyboy, which was not quite what I had in mind. Three others followed, the most appealing of which was young Cha Cha, who had a lovely smile which won me over. Arranged finances for the 30 minute option and into the room.

Well I was a bit gobsmacked by all the mirrors, despite indian_P's forewarning. The room had a sort of decaying opulence to it. The shower was pretty tacky - why do they always have those hand held jobs without a clip on the wall to hold the nozzle? Ablutions done, it was down to business with a slightly shy Cha Cha. Nope, she didn't want to kiss, just lips to lips, no mouth opening. She also made no move to undress from bra and knickers. No problem, I was happy to help in the process which was kind of GFE nice. Finally got her naked and onto the bed and then I was in for another surprise.

First thing Cha Cha did was reach for the lube and start giving me a hand job. Very nice but again not what I wanted. I indicated to her that I had enough and Cha Cha cleaned up with some tissues and applied the condom. What followed was an average CBJ. I then gently discouraged this and got her on her back so I could check her out properly. The most interesting aspect of this was that Cha Cha had no obvious external lips to her honey pot. So I explored some more with my fingers and opened things up to see what gives. All looked good and very enticing so, as time was wasting, I hopped on board the ecstasy train which immediately headed into the tunnel. 

Then, of course, came the best bit with the 5 other couples all hammering away in unison. We tried a few variations with her on the edge of the bed and me with my feet on the floor - I find I can really get a good thrust and rhythm going with the springs on the bed edge. Cha Cha was not all that responsive overall but not completely passive. Then I got Cha Cha back onto the bed proper for some good solid mish and, with a burst of steam, the train whistle went off. I looked around to the other couples, expecting applause for my efforts, only to discover that they had all come off in unison.

So it then was a quick clean up, into the shower, a kiss on the cheek and we all went out the door.


Floor: #14
Post Time: 15th April 2017, 05:40 PM
Poster ID: Redal59
Post Title: 
 Gigi - 185B Victoria Rd
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : GiGi

Establishment : 185B Victoria Rd Drummoyne

Date of Visit : 8/4/17

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : SEXY ASIAN HONEYS / Incall@Drummoyne or Outcalls - Sydney escorts - cracker.com.au

Hours of Business : unknown

Rates : $160/hr

Age : 40s

Size/shape : 10, average

Nationality or Ethnicity : Singaporean

Services Provided : Full service, BBBJ as an extra

Value for money/recommend? : not really

My experience/comments : 

I had the urge to check the place out even with low expectations given the low prices.  Went in on a early Saturday evening to find only two women available both of whom were significantly older and nothing like the photos on their ad.  I wasn't really expecting the girls in the ad's because the photos were obviously fake, but something approximating the ages would have been acceptable.  As it was I'm too nice of a guy to get up and walk out, plus I was horny.  

So into the room with GIGI who was pleasant enough for an hour.  $50 extra for BBBJ because why not.  It was average as was the sex though she was enthusiastic enough even if the poor language prevented much in the way of real conversation (something I usually like with the private girls I usually see).  
Her massage was actually much better than I expected and it made sense when she said she had done that back home.  

Overall unless your desperate though I wouldn't recommend it unless older Asian women are your thing and certainly don't expect anything like anal or bareback sex if that sort of risky behaviour is your thing.  

Overall lesson learn't.  Save up and go with the more expensive places and private you know and trust.


Floor: #15
Post Time: 14th December 2017, 02:56 PM
Poster ID: ding
Post Title: 
 185b victoria rd drummoyne
				
Post Content: 
decided to try this shop...buzz and steel door opens,small chinese girl leads me into hallway.2 other girls!milfs....appear....how long you want to stay? one asks..30 minutes i reply but want to talk with the girl first....i turn to the first one...you kiss and suck no condom....she just nods....??...ok one other says $100 ok....no I say on the internet its $85....chinese talk!!??ok and takes my $90...never did get the $5 back...........so  into the room and quick shower...small body ok face small tits not a great body....no english!....we kiss and after a bit she gets into it.....so bbbj and her riding me ...me daty ..more bbbj and eventually bfs in mish....blew big time with her ankles pinned next to her ears..... a quick shower and i leave.....so ok plenty of bareback but a dud session really......better value elsewhere.


Thread Title: Cindarella - 185B Victoria Rd, Drummoyne - 02 9181 2135
Floor: #16
Post Time: 14th December 2017, 05:27 PM
Poster ID: nextlif
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by ding


decided to try this shop...buzz and steel door opens,small chinese girl leads me into hallway.2 other girls!milfs....appear....how long you want to stay? one asks..30 minutes i reply but want to talk with the girl first....i turn to the first one...you kiss and suck no condom....she just nods....??...ok one other says $100 ok....no I say on the internet its $85....chinese talk!!??ok and takes my $90...never did get the $5 back...........so  into the room and quick shower...small body ok face small tits not a great body....no english!....we kiss and after a bit she gets into it.....so bbbj and her riding me ...me daty ..more bbbj and eventually bfs in mish....blew big time with her ankles pinned next to her ears..... a quick shower and i leave.....so ok plenty of bareback but a dud session really......better value elsewhere
"""



Ding. PM sent.


Floor: #17
Post Time: 13th March 2018, 02:42 AM
Poster ID: pnani
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Not sure if this helps anybody but while looking for parking in the area (was there for a massage) I saw a hot bodied woman making her way towards the entrance of this shop. She'd be about 5 foot 6, fit looking with breasts and legs that looked pretty good in her tight clothing, jeans and a jumper. She looks like she may have been Nepalese. Had that light and dark skin thing happening at the same time. Nice enough face. Overall probably a 7. If I wasn't already planning for an RNT session I would have gone in to see if she's put my hard cock in her mouth without a condom 

Less my cup of tea was the little plumper and shorter Chinese looking lady standing at the door who smiled as I past. Face was okay and if you like them more solid maybe she'll be your type.

This was on a Monday just before lunch time.


Floor: #18
Post Time: 16th May 2018, 05:07 PM
Poster ID: sydlong1
Post Title: 
 Coco - 185B Victoria Rd Drummoyne - 02 9181 2135
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Coco

Establishment : 185B Victoria Rd Drummoyne, entry via Formosa Street.   9181 2135

Date of Visit : May

Rates : $160 per hour

Age : 30's

Size/shape : 8 / athletic

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Full service 1h 160 ; includes kissing, CBJ , massage, multiple positions, sex with condom.

On my way home after quite a few drinks and wanted some fun, never tried this place but it is on the way home.

First impressions, pretty seeded. Thai madam greeted me and into the waiting room. 3 girls wander past, none great but 1 ok - Coco. She is friendly and her English is actually good. Quick shower - think I was cleaner before. Coco takes off her dress and nice set of bolt-ons, about D. Little bit of kissing and playing around then on with the dom and she starts sucking - very good, nice and deep plenty of tongue. 

Then she jumps on top and starts cowgirl, grab her hips and she rides well, play with the boobs some more. Pull her down lower and move towards the ass, and out of bounds she is not into that. So swap to doggy and start going harder, real hard and she appears to be loving it, took a bit of effort but arrived at the destination. Quick clean up and some chats.

Overall: Nice girl and fun time - not so nice place, a bit dingy and the other girls were far from good. 
Return: probably not


Floor: #19
Post Time: 11th December 2019, 06:47 PM
Poster ID: Newboy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Mona

Establishment : The Pink Lady

Date of Visit : 11/12/19

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : www.pinkladyprivatehotel.com|Adult massage, brothel in Drummoyne

Phone : 9181 2135

Hours of Business : Not sure, might be 24/7 

Rates : $150/hr

Age : 40ish

Size/shape : OK face, bit chubby, C/D-cups, shaved bush

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : BBBJ, 69, cowgirl, doggie

Value for money/recommend? : An excellent BBBJ, but at $150/hr for a MILF, there's better value around

My experience/comments : Wanted to go to Kelly’s to have a chat with her (it’s been a while since I last saw her) but she didn’t have any new girls on the roster (one hadn’t turned up) so I decided to stop off at this place and then go and see Kelly after the session.

This place has been “flying under the radar” – the last review I can find was more than 18 months ago – and it is no longer called Cinderella’s, but The Pink Lady.  (Perhaps the Mods would like to change the title of the thread.)

The address is 185b Victoria Rd but the entrance is at the rear from a convenient 2hr car park on Formosa St – reasonably discrete.

Entered and was met by an aged Asian lady and shown in to a waiting room and the three available girls were paraded.

Mona, Tina and Lily – all MILFy 40-somethings.  I asked Mona whether she did “Suck, no condom” and she said she did. I asked Tina and she asked for a tip and I wasn’t attracted by Lily so I chose Mona – she seemed to be quite saucy and flirty.

Was told it was $100 for 30min or $150 for an hour (the website says $160/hr) and Mona led me to a room.

While I was stripping she told me they have five rooms and five girls working each day.

The room was smallish and a bit tired but it had a shower and a bed and a side-on mirror.

Mona has an OK face (for her age) and was wearing a black bra and a large, black pair of “passion-killer” knickers.

When I was drying myself, Mona asked for a tip for “Suck, no condom”.  I refused and she said OK – she was just trying it on.

She stripped.  She is a bit chubby and had natural C/D-cups, two floral tattoos and was fully shaved.

Onto the bed and Mona immediately started what proved to be an excellent BBBJ – no teeth, lovely soft and sensual lips, nice eye-contact, great tongue-work, good hand-action and plenty of slurpy saliva and she went very deep.

She soon asked me not to cum in her mouth.

We’d got off to a quick start so I just lay there and enjoyed the BJ for a good while before suggesting some 69 and Mona moved round.

She was soon gently moaning and then got louder and pulled away saying she’d cum.

More of the lovely BBBJ before I asked her to get a condom.

Lube was applied and we had some cowgirl as she squeezed me in and started slowly.

I then asked for some doggie and stood at the foot of the bed.

I had my thumb partially up her arsehole for a while before Mona asked me to remove it and she got quite loud as I upped the tempo and, as she urged me on, I squirted.

Mona thanked me and said we’d cum at the same time as she tidied me up.

I collapsed on the bed and Mona took a quick shower before we had a chat.

She said she was from Shanghai, had been in Australia for one year and had worked at The Pink Lady for three weeks, having previously worked in a restaurant.

Time was up and I dressed and departed.

It was an excellent BBBJ but, at $150/hr for a MILF, I think there are better VFM shops around so I won’t be rushing back.

I headed west to Five Dock and had a good long chat with Kelly and also said hello to some of her lovelies - Cici, Rose, Wendy and the very pretty Ivy (who looked great with just a towel wrapped around her).


Floor: #20
Post Time: 11th December 2019, 10:16 PM
Poster ID: kiss and tell
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hahahah this place still going,  I lost my virginity here close to 30 years ago. 
It was my 16th and my mates dared me to and chipped in 10 bucks each for a 30min session so $40 back then. 
Needless to say didnt need 30min was all done in under 10min and that's including shower..... Hahahah


