Thread Title: Pennys77 - 77A Enmore Rd, Newtown - 02 9557 7165
Floor: #1
Post Time: 12th February 2010, 11:57 AM
Poster ID: someone or other
Post Title: 
 Pennys77 - 77A Enmore Rd, Newtown - 02 9557 7165
				
Post Content: 
Posted elsewhere a bloody long time ago but updated because both the shop and the WL are still going concerns.

Boring stuff first: Full Service Prices, $100 - 30 mins, $140 - 45 mins, $170 - 50 mins. Credit card costs 10% extra. The place itself is very swish and elegant. There are little benches in the reception area, to one of which Anna (one of the receptionists) directed me. A curtain is then drawn around you (not great if you're claustrophobic I suppose). The curtain is drawn back for the ladies to introduce themselves and closed again if another punter shows up.

Was presented with 3 WLs; Emma (young, moon-faced Thai - nice body though), an older (30s) Japanese woman whose name I can't recall and Miya (a little bundle of mixed Japanese/Thai cuteness). I chose Miya for 45 mins.

I got the room with the spa... a good sized bed and a massage table crammed in together made things seem a little overcrowded with furniture. The shower was immaculate and the room was spotless. Anna informed me that Miya would be along once I'd showered.

Sure enough she was. Now, I've described Miya already as a little bundle of mixed Japanese/Thai cuteness (which she is) but I'll flesh the detail out a little... she's about 4'8'' and of indeterminable age (stretchmarks on her stomach suggest she's a mini-milf, I didn't ask). Her tits are small and firm, her arse is mouth-watering and her face... tasty little package. For those that care, she has a tattoo on the back of her shoulder and another on one of her ankles.

She started of proceedings with a very short strip-tease (she wasn't wearing much anyway) and climbed onto the bed with me. She's hot and she knows it. From the word go she kept her eyes on mine and wore a cheeky/suggestive smile hinting at what was to come...

Started off with some gentle touchy-feely with her gently grinding her clit against my thigh. She cheerfully sat on my face and gave me a less than inspired cbj. We 69'ed for a little while before she climbed on for cowgirl... things started improving rapidly here... she started to go off (as in like fireworks, not spoiled food) and because she's so tiny, it was very easy to get the angles sorted so that every time she slammed herself down, her clit was copping a pounding. She came  (I don't think anyone can effectively fake a good orgasm face) and then appeared to wilt a little so I flipped her for mish.

In the missionary position, she didn't take her eyes off mine and allowed a little light kissing... pleasant enough but then a wicked little smile crossed her lips and she reached around behind me to finger my bum. Nice one!

Next was doggy. I got to drool over that little butt while I hammered her... she was watching me fuck her in the mirror next to the bed. I noticed this as our eyes met in the reflection and she gave me that little grin again... ooooh baby! I reached around and got a good firm grip with plenty of constant pressure on her clit and she went off again.

After I withdrew, after a little while, I couldn't help myself... I got a mouthful of that arse and rimmed her good and proper. She sounded like she was having fun. I know I was.

By now, about 30mins into the session, I was starting to run out of steam. So I asked her to suck my dick again. This time around she approached it with gusto while I lay there, fingering her bum. She lubed up her middle finger and up me it went while she went to work on my dick with her mouth. It was all heavenly, except... It was apparent that the condom Miya had used was the little brother of an industrial garbage bag. So even though she was going like a little hoover, it was enough to keep me hard without pushing me over the edge.

After about 5 minutes of suction, I told her to get rid of the condom and finish me off by hand. The condom flew off and her finger never left my arse (which was fair enough because mine never left her's). Within a couple of minutes it felt as though my entire insides from my knees to my diaphragm were exiting my body via my urethra as she gave me one hell of an intense orgasm. What a mess! She looked a little worried as my sphincter, not used to foreign objects, was having trouble letting her finger go, "Uh-oh. Stuck!" I didn't mind the idea of having her as a buttplug...

Digits extracted, we lay in a post-coital stupor for a few minutes... in the puddle. Miya wouldn't leave my dick alone... she was trying to see if she get me hard again (bloody tease!). She was looking good and ready to go again. There wasn't a hope in hell of that happening as I was completely spent and we'd successfully used the 45 minutes. She joined me in the shower and cleaned my back, bum and groin for me.

Small talk while getting dressed, although I did glean that although she welcomes single fingers and tongues in her arse, she doesn't do greek. She asked me how old I am and gave a flattering response when I told her. I asked the same of her and she replied "69" with a grin Roll Eyes  Comic genius she is not. She said she's been in Australia for 2 years and may be around for another 3. A hug and a kiss... another squeeze of my dick and then she showed me the door. I staggered down the stairs onto Enmore Rd with a stupid grin on my face and headed for the pub.

So, all in all..
Venue: 9.5 (about as good as I'll ever walk into in this price bracket)
Miya...
Looks: 8.5 (A lack of firmness around the waist is her only flaw in my eyes)
Enthusiasm: 9.5 (only loses that half a mark only because she didn't start with all guns blazing)
Conversation 7.5
Value for money: 9
Return? Oh yes. Definitely.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 12th February 2010, 02:20 PM
Poster ID: lightning
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I visited this place about 18 months ago, and for any number of reasons have unfortunately not been back.

The decor was excellent, recently renovated then with a good modern shower unit in the room.

Went for a Thai girl Jennifer, who had recently arrived from Perth and was a young mum. She was a very pleasant girl, with good BBBJ and a VFM sex session.

I would like to see her again if she is still around, and this has been a reminder for me to get 77a back on the TO DO list.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 12th February 2010, 05:34 PM
Poster ID: Jack Kerouac
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hi All,

Penny’s

Well, it seems like every year my birthday tends to roll around and this year was no exception.

To help me celebrate (in alphabetical order) were:

Andrew ‘Anything Goes’ Blake
Blue ‘P.Diddy’ Boots
Exmel ‘Oriana’ Punter
Hohner ‘The Libertine’ Boy and
Someone or Other (Junior)

Before I get started I need to make a few points about these ‘gentlemen’. They are all animals and if you don’t believe me have dinner with them sometime. They are like ravenous vultures and if there was a vulture around I would apologise to it for the comparison.

Second, P.Diddy has recently become preoccupied with a number of issues. The number is 220 and that is the number of regulars he sees on a weekly basis. Not only does it take its wear and tear on his wallet and his body, but emotionally he feels in love with 175 of them. On the evening in question Diddy had arranged to meet one at 10 after she knocked off from work. By 7 he was continually looking at his phone waiting for her to text him. This went on unto 9 when she texted she was knocking off early to see her beloved Diddy. Then Diddy disappeared into the night.
Third, Junior is no longer a real animal. He now lives in domestic bliss in suburbia and thinks only about having kids, a mortgage and what to do to stay on side with the little woman.

We all met at the Arthouse and folks the singer there had the microphone turned up so loud that not only were my ears ringing, but my bottle of VB shattered.

Anyway we had a few ales and decided we all needed some grub. ‘Oriana’ and I scouted around and found three or four Asian restaurants right across the street. Boy, Oriana and I both really needed to pee as we waited for the others to join us. We both started jiggling around with the ‘I got to piss bad’ dance and when the others arrived we settled on Japanese faire.

The food was, how to you say it, ok, but ordinary. I would trash the joint in a review, but I remembered what happened to Leo Schofield when he attempted that in the Herald.

Interestingly in a matter of days they closed off the whole arcade for renovations,

After the meal we all walked to the Cross and decided to see what the street walker situation was lie. Brother, the whole scene was dead. At the Cross itself the only real prospects for action appeared to be getting beat up by a bouncer. Andrew Blake decided to move on and we bid him
a fond farewell,

Aimless and without purpose we wound up in Newtown. Up the stairs to Penny’s we went with Junior leading the way. He knows the mob in there. Turns out only one girl available and so it was agreed I could take her. 

Once inside I wasn’t impressed with the waiting area and it lfelt like a camera was looking me in the eye. The receptionist was lovely and I would have taken her in a flash. Anyway I got Jessica.

Jessica  looks late 20’s – early 30’s. A/B cup breasts with nice dark nipples. She has a slight tummy from having had a bub.

She left and I went into their fantastic shower. It has a soap dispenser and was big enough to stage the Rugby League Grand Final. As is typical of me I broke into song.  I sang a number of tunes from my favourite cd, Jim Nabor’s Greatest Hits.

Jessica returned and the following conversation ensued.

Jessica: You like Jim Nabors too?
Jack: Doesn’t everyone?
Jessica: No one does ‘The Impossible Dream’ like Jim.
Jack: Yep it’s awesome.

The action unfortunately was somewhat routine. She gave an ok cbj. There was light kissing on the lips, (She is a smoker). We’d 69’d and I had a bit of daty.

Finally we had the standard routine of mish, cowgirl and ended up with doggie. It was nice to see us in the mirrors that covered two of the walls.

After it was all over I spent some time in the local pub talking with Junior. He’s a great mate and I am happy that life is going well for him.

Will I go back? Yes.
Will I see Annie again: Not if I have a choice.

Venue: 8/10. Shower was great. Room was really good. Didn’t like the reception area.
Jessica:  Looks: 7/10
Sex/service: 6/10. It was mechanical by the numbers.
Cbj: 6.10. I’ve had better and I’ve had worse.
Spitting: 0/10. She never spat.
Gob wiping: 0/10. She did not wipe her gob.
FOAM: (Fake orgasm and moaning): 3/10. I needed a hearing aide to hear her moans sans fake orgasm.

Ta for now.

Jack


Floor: #4
Post Time: 21st February 2010, 12:45 PM
Poster ID: ojjuif
Post Title: 
 Ivy, Penny's 77A
				
Post Content: 
So I went to Pennys yesterday evening and there were three girls available. I went with Ivy for 30 min. She says she is 26, turning 27 this year. I think the other on were Kylie and the other i can't remember the name.

After shower started off with CBJ, with me lying back for a while and then I ate her out for a bit. She has a very nice round ass.

Then we got into it. Started off in cowgirl, with her on top. She has some great tits to play with. We then changed to missionary with me pounding her. She is fairly noisy type, which i don't mind. After cuming she gave a bit of a massage and then had another shower.

Overall she seemed to try and waste a bit of time by talking too much but she has a great body and worth seeing. She said she is going back to thailand for 1 month in March to visit family.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 21st February 2010, 01:40 PM
Poster ID: someone or other
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hi ojjuif and welcome to AXR. Thank you very much for your first review.

Hope to see more from you.

Enjoy the forum and keep posting!

s.o.o.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 13th April 2010, 07:41 PM
Poster ID: dickbrown
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Stopped in at Penny's, last night (Monday), where I have generally been pleased with the selection and service. Good Thai ownership here I'm told and usually recruits mostly youthful Thai girls there. Last night was a little below usual standard, but I haven't been there for a few months (hopefully this could be an off night -slow Monday?).  

I saw Tina, Thai. mid 40's, about 50kg med build, curvy and wide hips for Thai, 5'2", c cup enhanced. Isan "girl". Tina was the 1st girl in line up of 2, the 2nd girl Jessica, curly hair, maybe Latino of some variety was more attractive, but not very friendly in the greeting so I went with Tina. The receptionist Donna had told me on the phone that 4 girls were on, and I almost turned around to maybe come back later or check the talent on offer down the street. Decided to stay and picked Tina for her friendly greeting. The age was more apparent after a few moments together. Tina started with a short cat bath, then on to a fair CBJ. I got her on top and reversed her for the mirror views (Penny's rooms usually have at least 2 large mirrors in each of above standard rooms). We moved to doggie, then to mish. I got her up in wheel barrel  for a minute or two. She was very accommodating, and willing to get exercise in any position- despite being an older girl (or maybe trying harder because she is older). Finished off in mish, with her making all the right noises and lying about coming (I'm OK with that kind of acting). All in all, it was only OK, but as she was way older than I like, when I I've known Penny's to usually have some nice and youthful Thai girls. Hope this is not a downward slide here. Could be that lots of regular Thai girls are home for the Songran fest (and avoiding the red shirts..). Tina says she is not normally rostered, but needs the cash and gets a few days occassionally. Looks/face: 4, body: 5 (age), service 7, attitude 6. Ask for her again, no.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 26th May 2010, 02:19 PM
Poster ID: rhyma86
Post Title: 
 Mia - Pennys 77a Enmore
				
Post Content: 
Saw this lady last week. Sadly she was the only lady available but looked good enough so I chose to stay and have a session with her. Took the $140/45min option. Mia is a total PSE, or was with me anyway. Wicked eyes, the sexy looks she gave were amazing. Not much over 5ft, but a great body with boobs and booty that suit her. Unfortunately she avoided kissing completely though which sucked. Pretty good CBJ. Didn't last long once I got her in mish and pumped away, it's been a while, haha.

Overall, I don't think I really clicked with her but I think if you can she would be top value.

Body: 4/5
Sex: 7/10
Attitude: 7/10
Venue: 9/10


Floor: #8
Post Time: 30th May 2010, 08:04 AM
Poster ID: negrita1
Post Title: 
 penny's
				
Post Content: 
I have to say this is one of the best sydney has to offer


Floor: #9
Post Time: 30th May 2010, 11:09 AM
Poster ID: negrita1
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I forgot to say, I found the service excellent, the women were all friendly and very attentive. Thai women were the ones I was most interested in and they all seems to have great bodies and very cute smiles. I found the establishment to be very clean and well run. Rates were reasonable at $170/hour.


Floor: #10
Post Time: 4th June 2010, 11:10 AM
Poster ID: negrita1
Post Title: 
 Penny's 77 Newtown Sydney
				
Post Content: 
Establishment and/or person's Name:Penny's 77 

Contact Details/Address:Enmore rd Newtown

Prices:170 / hour

Age:19-25

Size/shape:8-10

Nationality or Ethnicity:mostly thai

Services:

Value for money/recommend ? Certainly recommended , clean , comfortable and private. Prices are very reasonable when you compare to other establishments in the area. I especially like the cleanliness of the place.

My experience:very enjoyable experience, attentive and friendly, came away feeling well looked after and relaxed. Miya is my favourite and always gives great service with extra special care.


Floor: #11
Post Time: 15th June 2010, 07:13 PM
Poster ID: bit3
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I'm keen to see whether the pics on the website are really the girls they have available and whether they look as good as they do in the pics


Floor: #12
Post Time: 16th June 2010, 12:59 PM
Poster ID: someone or other
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hi bit3,

Last time I looked at the Pennys website, only Crystal and Jennifer's pics were the old, fake ones (however, the photos used are good approximations of their actual bodies). The rest of the photos were taken from inside the shop and are definitely of the girls concerned.

Cheers,

s.o.o.


Floor: #13
Post Time: 21st June 2010, 04:23 PM
Poster ID: eseh
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
so is there only one entrance to this place - i.e. up the stairs out front?


Floor: #14
Post Time: 21st June 2010, 04:30 PM
Poster ID: someone or other
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Yep.

Wear a hat if you're worried about being recognised from the street.


Floor: #15
Post Time: 15th July 2010, 02:08 AM
Poster ID: able
Post Title: 
 Pennys
				
Post Content: 
Establishment and/or person's Name: Pennys (Forgot the name)

Contact Details/Address: 77 Enmore Rd, Enmore

Hours of Business: (if known or applicable)

Prices: $150

Age: Mid 20s

Size/shape: Tall, Skinny

Nationality or Ethnicity: Thai

Services: FS

Value for money/recommend?: 8/10 Recommended

My experience/comments:
Had been going there for over 6 months, initially seeing Sasha exclusively.

Sasha had left the industry (maybe gone back to Thailand), so had the pleasure to see Clara (??).  She is tall and skinny, with brown skin and no hair below.

Showered alone while she prepared herself...She comes in and did not have shower (which was fine by me)

Exp is per usual...massage, small talk, then onto business...The experience was not rushy, and the room is clean and big shower in the room

Overall, would go back again...just waiting for more girls to arrive at that place...hopefully Sasha again.


Thread Title: Pennys77 - 77A Enmore Rd, Newtown - 02 9557 7165
Floor: #16
Post Time: 23rd July 2010, 01:03 AM
Poster ID: eclipse
Post Title: 
 Penny77 - Carla review
				
Post Content: 
Establishment and/or person's Name: Pennys 77 / Carla

Contact Details/Address: 77a (upstairs) Enmore Road 95577565

Prices: $170 for 60mins

Age: 26ish

Size/shape: 165cms tall. C cup enhanced but good feel. Shaved snatch with a thin strip of fur

Nationality or Ethnicity: Thai beauty

Services: CBJ, full sex, massage, DATY

Value for money/recommend?: For sure.  Seen her a couple of times now.

My experience/comments: Smells nice, great skin to touch. Beautiful Thai voice. I love Tom Yum Pussy. Likes to screw a nice long time and not rushed.  Likes to kick back and enjoy a Corona together after seeing her a couple of times. Was last there on a Saturday evening before close and just relaxed together rooted each other like a pair of rabbits and had a great evening.


Floor: #17
Post Time: 2nd September 2010, 11:51 AM
Poster ID: kk896
Post Title: 
 Pennys 77 Enmore rd enmore
				
Post Content: 
Pennys77
Went there on wednesday evening.. Havent had range of selection but saw lila.. paid $100 for half an hour... This is my first visit to pennys and i really impressed with reception,their interiror and ofcourse rooms... they are really neat and inviting.. glasses on all walls so that u can see how u doing ... on thing is their front door is on main street... but apart from that this place is value for money !!

I choose lila from the two girls that were available ..On her profile page it says she is thai 21 but looked like in her mid 25 to 30's... i didnt mind her age as she was good in bed... Started with shower as she prepared her self.. Then went to bad and had foreplay for few minutes .. she didnt mind to lick her pussy... had more than average CBJ... AFter finishing job she straight away came on top... Rolled over good.. had sex in difft positions .. little bit fake moaning... overall i would say she was good...

the best thing about this place as i said is u can see urself fucking in a mirror... isnt that good ??!!  Will go there again... Now here c0me scores ...

Body: 7/10
Sex: 8/10
Attitude: 7/10
Venue: 9/10 ...

Value for money .. yes...

Happy punting
KK


Floor: #18
Post Time: 5th October 2010, 07:44 PM
Poster ID: AZ 106
Post Title: 
 Lita @ Penny's 77
				
Post Content: 
Establishment and/or person's Name:
Lita @ Penny's 77

Contact Details/Address:
penny77.com.au
77 Enmore Road

Hours of Business: (if known or applicable)
10 till 2am

Prices:
30 mins     $100.00
45 mins     $140.00
1 hour       $170.00

Age:
30s

Size/shape:
short, nice butt, a little chubby

Nationality or Ethnicity:
Thai

Services:
full service - cbj, different positions, DATY, cum on tits

Value for money/recommend?:
probably

My experience/comments: (Here you must have at least 1 full sentence - "Ill be back" or "good value" is not a sentence or review. 20 word minimum please)

went here last week and got this girl. She is really friendly and actually quite a good laugh. She is older, face is milfish cute. She has a nice ass and shaven pussy everything completely hairless including asshole. maybe a bit old for me i prefer 'em late teens to early 20s. Seemed up for most positions although I did not ask about extras. I probably won't be back as there are many girls to get through, she overdid the moaning and acting thing which actually caused me to lose my erection as it all felt a bit fake, i.e she started going mmmMMMMMM oooooOOOOOHHH really loudly as SOON as I touched her, which is just annoying. However, for those punters that don't get put off by this kind of thing I am sure she would be a great root. She finished up wanking my dick off all over her tits which was a nice end, and genuinely seemed to enjoy watching the spunk flying out of my cock - which makes me wonder is she does any extras.


Floor: #19
Post Time: 27th October 2010, 02:43 AM
Poster ID: scorp
Post Title: 
 Pennys 77
				
Post Content: 
Pennys 77 Enmore rd


Prices:$100 half hour

Age:early/mid 30s

Size/shape: petite small

Nationality or Ethnicity:Asian

Services:blowjob and sex

Value for money/recommend?:it was enjoyable,but somewhat rushed so would reccommend looking elsewhere

My experience/comments: Saw Miya at ,she was petite/cute,early thirties,small but firm breasts,spoke almost no english.She told me to lie down and gave me a blowjob while looking up at me.Then she got on top and rode reverse cowgirl, afterwards gave me a massage, i don't think i was even a half hour somewhat shorter than that.I don't think this is a legal brothel, would recommend trying Stilletto which is in the same area but more expensive.


Floor: #20
Post Time: 28th January 2011, 08:27 AM
Poster ID: aston60007
Post Title: 
 Penny's 77 - Honey
				
Post Content: 
I have been to Penny's 77 4 times.
Last week I saw Honey.
She was very disappointing.
Her approach was cold, she ordered me to lie on the bed and gave me a very amateurish massage of shoulders and back which wasn't the least sexy or a good massage.
Not surprisingly, when she asked me to roll over my dick was far from firm.
She put on a condom somewhat roughly gave me a short blow and then mounted.
I rolled her onto her back and completed the job but it was ordinary.
As we were only 15 mins into the half hour she gave me another low grade massage.
3 out of 10.


Floor: #21
Post Time: 29th January 2011, 08:25 AM
Poster ID: 5566
Post Title: 
 Lila
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Lila

Establishment Pennys 77, 77 Enmore rd

Hours of Business: 

Prices: $140 45min

Age: early 20s

Size/shape: Curvy but petite, tiny belly, amazing small arse

Nationality or Ethnicity: Guess -Thai

Services:
Full Service
Value for money/recommend?: Not bad, had good time

My experience/comments: Hot tiny body, good amount of time on foreplay, went down on her for a bit and had lts of body contact before getting condom on, decent bj, visually amazing, good experience overall.


Floor: #22
Post Time: 30th January 2011, 11:32 PM
Poster ID: nashdale
Post Title: 
 Jennifer - 77a Enmore Road, Enmore - Upstairs.
				
Post Content: 
77a Enmore Road, Enmore - Been here a few times. Tried Jennifer this time. Website said she's 19 but looked 23. B cup breasts, flat stomach, slightly larger thighs but a great ass, bigger than average for an asian. Stayed for an hour, was never rushed, enjoyed a mutual 69 even though she used a rubber it was still good. Started in missionary finished with doggy, she milked me dry. Gave me a nice massage with foot massage also. 
Asked if i wanted to go again told her i was ok and happy to lie here so we lay there while she stroked my hair and back. A great exp almost a full GFE, highly recommended. Finished having a shower together which tried to get me going again with some hand relief


Floor: #23
Post Time: 20th February 2011, 04:12 PM
Poster ID: fenn007
Post Title: 
 Pennys 77 - MIYA
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name:  Miya

Establishment : Pennys 77

Date of Visit:   16/01/2011

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: www.pennys77.com.au

Hours of Business: 10:00 - 02:00

Rates: 1/2 hr = $100,  1 hr = $170

Age:  20's

Size/shape: Small with meat

Nationality or Ethnicity: Asian

Services Provided: Full

Value for money/recommend?: Awesome - goes hammer & tongs

My experience/comments: 

Dropped in to Pennys77 the other day to fuck the hell out of Miya.  She is a fire cracker and we had a fair bit of fun as she was being quite cheeky throughout the time.

Miya has a small frame, but it is in beautiful proportions. She sucked my cock to life and then let me pick her up and lay her down for some awesome DATY. 

She was a little worried about the girth of  my cock but after 10 minutes of spirited licking she took it all without lube. No bare back here http://auxxxreviews.com/forum/images/nsmilies/hand.gif but she used her womanly wiles well and had me rearing to go in no time, she enjoys a finger up the ass while you're having a much on her pussy, she may try in kind if you're interested whilst she's sucking you off. 

I really loved the way she moved and the look of her hot fucking body, especially when I put her on top and she rammed herself up and down until I came.

We did try for round two in the shower again, I shot my second load just when time ran out.http://auxxxreviews.com/forum/images/nsmilies/lol.gif

All in all a great she's a great fuck and suck at a fine establishment. I really like the rooms with great showers. I'll be back to fuck Miya again for fucking sure. http://auxxxreviews.com/forum/images/nsmilies/ihih.gif


Floor: #24
Post Time: 21st May 2011, 06:51 PM
Poster ID: Lonestartexan
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Date: 19/5
Girl: Ivy
Service: r&t $130 (1 hr)

Went to Penny's for a bit of fun on thursday afternoon. It was about lunchtime and they seemed busy with only one girl available, Ivy. Ivy is a mid 20's Thai/Laos pocket rocket with long black hair, thick ass and a few acne scars. In the dimmed out room she looked hot. On this day I opted for the massage as opposed to the FS as I have found that if I played my cards right then FS would usually come as a freebie (I was on a roll up until this punt lol). What started out as a lackluster massage turned into a vigorous tug then some how morphed into a tug and me going DATY. I feel that she sat in my face to "assist" me getting over the line. 

For what I paid for I don't feel it was great value, nor do I think that if I ponied up with the additional $40 that the FS would have been all that great either. 

In hindsight, I should've held on and gone to a regular WL . not recommended


Floor: #25
Post Time: 23rd May 2011, 12:58 AM
Poster ID: -CM-
Post Title: 
 Monica - Penny's 77
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name:  Monica

Establishment :  Penny's 77

Date of Visit:  11/05/2011

Contact Details/Address/Weblink:  (Upstairs) 77a Enmore Road, Enmore, NSW

Hours of Business:   10 AM - 2 AM

Rates:  $100 for 30 min, $140 for 45 min, $170 for 1 hr

Age:  20

Size/shape:  Slim with a nice sized rack

Nationality or Ethnicity:  Asian

Services Provided:  Full Service

Value for money/recommend?:  Yes

My experience/comments: I'm rather new to the brothel scene. I've only been paying them visits for the past 6 months, but I've still got some experience nonetheless. Anyway, I enjoyed my time with Monica. She didn't quite look 20, but that didn't really matter; she still looked young enough, and she wasn't much of a talker like most Asian women I've seen in the past, but I'm not really a talker either, so that worked out just fine. She kissed my chest for a bit, then alternated between letting me tit fuck her and giving me a blow job (with condom), which by the way she's quite good at. There was a reason for all the alternating. We eventually started fucking, which thanks to her very tight pussy, was certainly a delight. Even after I'd finished she wanted more and more. I'd recommend her to anyone who's looking for a good time and who doesn't want to pay too much cash.


Floor: #26
Post Time: 25th May 2011, 07:50 PM
Poster ID: shevy72
Post Title: 
 First Review - Penny's 77a
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: ivy

Establishment : Penny's 77a 

Date of Visit: Mid-Late April

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: Sydney Escorts, NSW Escorts, Sydney Massage, Escort Service Agency

Hours of Business: 10AM to LATE

Rates: 1 hour      $170.00

Age:20

Size/shape: medium/SLIM

Nationality or Ethnicity: Thai 

Services Provided: Great CBJ & sex in various positions

Value for money/recommend?: yes, DEFINATELY! 

My experience/comments: This girl has a great ass and she does like a soft touch at first, but once you get her warmed-up she likes a good hard fuck. Ivy is very sexy and loves to watch herself get rammed. Good English and very nice attitude. Her whole figure in general is amazing, but doesn't seem to be into kissing though which is a downer


Floor: #27
Post Time: 14th November 2011, 05:30 PM
Poster ID: Notre Dame
Post Title: 
 Crystal @ Pennys 77
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Crystal

Establishment : Pennys77

Date of Visit : 25/8/2011

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Pennys77.com.au 77a Enmore Rd, Enmore

Hours of Business : 10am till 2am

Rates : $170 an hour

Age : Probably about 30 now

Size/shape : B cup, athletic

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai/Spanish Mix

Services Provided : FS, DATY, PS, GF

Value for money/recommend? : Value for money everytime with Crystal

My experience/comments :

I have visited Crystal a few times over the last 3 years, but this might have been the best of a very good bunch.

Crystal is Thai / Spanish mix about 5'5" with a gorgeous face and sparkling smile. She is tight, not skinny. Her B cup breasts are all natural with delicious pointy nipples.

Crystal greeted me with a big Thai hello (culturally she is more Thai than Spanish). Not wearing too much, a lacy light blue bra and panties. We spoke a little while she stroked my leg and arm and other moving onto my pride and glory.

Things moved along reasonably slowly, I removed her bra at her invitation, she dealt with the flimsy knickers. Fully shaved with a nice compact pussy, I spent 15 to 20 minutes fused, mouth to expanding moisture. A great thing about Crystal is she is completely uninhibited sexually (doesn't mean anything goes, she is an all-safe girl). 

She felt it was time to return the favour and we adjusted our position to a sloppy 69, lots of slurping and increased arousal. Time was up, I continued eating her while she faffed around with her bag then into a spoon fed first fuck - all good and a great fit for 10 mins, plenty of mirrors and eye contact. Crystal likes watching herself have sex.

We then "made doggy" literally Shakespeare's beast with two backs, she has great rhythm and we looked "as one" in the mirror. We were totally in sync, it felt great - deep, hard, long and rhythmic. Moved to the edge of the bed and took her church style, she ramped it up here exhorting me to go harder and harder, so hard I had sweat dripping off me. 

Finally I finished, at her invitation on her breasts and stomach, with her gentle hand supporting my sack.

Value for Money 10/10
Face 8/10
Atmosphere 8/10 (public entrance)
Sex 10/10
Body 8/10 (the 20yo Crystal would easily be an 11)
Enthusiasm 10/10

MC

PS: You can go to their website to see genuine photos pennys77.com.au however they have a little blog for each girl that seems to be totally unmoderated


Floor: #28
Post Time: 14th November 2011, 05:36 PM
Poster ID: Notre Dame
Post Title: 
 Vicki @ Pennys77
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Vicki

Establishment : Pennys77

Date of Visit : 8/10/11

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Pennys77.com.au 77a Enmore Rd, Enmore

Hours of Business :  10am - 2am

Rates : $170 ph

Age : 22 ish

Size/shape : A cup, pencil thin

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : All safe no DATY, no Kissing

Value for money/recommend? : Pretty good if you like it light!

My experience/comments : Decided to investigate some new territory and booked Vicki at Pennys77. 

Snuck in the front door, with plenty of people hanging around. Gee, this spot needs a more discrete entrance, but isn't punting partly about the risk and all that excitement that comes with it. I might be a secret agent.

I pushed the doorbell at the top of the stairs and was very pleasantly welcomed. Escorted to the smaller room, pay the money get wet (how many showers do we need each day?)

Soon after I had arranged myself on the hotel style bed, in walked Vicki. She is slim, dark, sweet faced with a pert arse, a verdent mons and nips like mini joysticks.

Started with a passable massage (ex R&T girl), gloved up for an excellent deepish and strong french and tried for some DATY. No go on that one and no kissing either. Vicki's English is pretty good, she's all safe, very sensual. This girl is skinny and fit - she doesn't overdo the performance, it's easy to believe her reactions are real. There's lot's of mirrors at Pennys so watching her, watching me, watching herself while she is hanging on tight with 4 rope like limbs and then flipping over for an excellent and vigorous climax in doggie.

Body 8/10 (A Cup)
Rooms 8/10
Sex 6/10
Effort 7/10 

I'd see her again for sure.

MC


Floor: #29
Post Time: 21st November 2011, 10:12 PM
Poster ID: Max86
Post Title: 
 Ivy - Pennys 77 Enmore Rd
				
Post Content: 
Ivy - plain face, slim, age mid 20s, about 5'4', A cups with pert nipples, ass to die for.

Ivy is a bubbly young lady who likes to chat and tease a little during the session.  She has a hot bod if you like small tits and she knows it, I caught her watching herself in the mirror on a few occasions and she likes to show off her perfect tight ass.

After warming up proceeded quickly to 69 cbj with plenty of suction and sensation.  That ass in my face was a sight to behold and grasp.  She obviously liked to be rimmed because she kept her ass right over my tongue at every opportunity (no unpleasant tastes at all).  I even gave a little probe with a spare digit which was not unwelcome.  After about 15 min of this she climbed on for cowgirl and rode me till I blew.  Not the most sensational fuck but not bad.

A light massage, cuddle, tickle and joking about and I was ready for round 2.  More 69, then a variety of positions, doggy being exceptional with that ass ground against me and I blew in miss.

A very nice punt with a very nice girl, I got on well with her and would see her again.

Body - 8 (ass 10)
69 - 7 (not bbbj)
Sex - 8
Attitude - 10 (very friendly but I didnt push the envelope)

Would return and see if anal is on the menu for return customers, it would be great to fuck that perfect ass.


Floor: #30
Post Time: 22nd November 2011, 04:27 PM
Poster ID: soulwomb
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Very nice review. Will go there sometime for sure if I have any free time


Thread Title: Pennys77 - 77A Enmore Rd, Newtown - 02 9557 7165
Floor: #31
Post Time: 25th May 2012, 12:38 PM
Poster ID: mrcooldude
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Persons Name: Ivy

Establishment: Pennys77a

Date of Visit: May 2012

Contact Details: Pennys77.com.au 77a Enmore Rd, Enmore

Hours of Business: 10am to 2am

Rates: $100/30mins, $140/45mins

Age: Mid 20s?

Size Shape: 5' 4", size 6-8, A cup breasts

Nationality or Ethnicity: Thai

Services Provided: Massage, CBJ FS

Value for money: Yes

Turned up before lunch on a Saturday in the forlorn hope of seeing Crystal but was told that she'd be a half hour wait. There were two other girls working that day, but Ivy was the only one available at the time. I would've liked to have met the others but Ivy was friendly in the intro and looked gorgeous in her black cami and thong combo so it wasn't a tough decision.  

A quick trip to the very well appointed room, followed by the obligatory shower and a short wait before Ivy joined me and turned on some music. We made small talk for all of forty seconds before she started to grind her gorgeous little derriere into my groin, all in time to the music. I still had the towel wrapped around me at this point, and as it started to tent out she slipped a hand underneath it and started to give me a deliciously slow teasing hand job. 

At this point I realised that half an hour wasn't going to be nearly enough with this girl, so I extended the session for another 15 minutes. After the brief administrative stuff was dealt with we picked up where we left off, and I was led to the edge of the bed while Ivy slipped a condom on and began to bob her head up and down my shaft. She then stopped, turned around, slid her thong down and wiggled her rear in my direction. I didn't need any more encouragement and pretty soon I was sliding my shaft in and out of her from behind. I could feel myself building, so we swapped positions. Ivy initially riding me and then flipping onto her back a couple of minutes later. I was close as it was, but when she wrapped her legs tighter around me and whispered something naughty in my ear I couldn't hold back any longer.

She then instructed me to lie facedown and started to give me a serviceable massage. I'd been quite tired at work of late, and was just starting to get too relaxed when she jokingly shouted at me to turn over, straddled my chest and let her hands wander down to my groin. Her teasing hands didn't produce the immediate effect they did last time, so she slipped another condom on and took my slowly hardening cock in her mouth. This continued for a little bit longer before she eased herself forward and stated to ride me, first in reverse cowgirl, before picking up the pace in standard cowgirl. I could sense we were running out of time so I flipped her over and started driving in and out of her in the missionary position. The combination of Ivy's moans and our frenzied pace meant that I didn't last much longer and we ended the session with a quick shower and an even quicker goodbye.


Floor: #32
Post Time: 14th June 2012, 12:52 AM
Poster ID: plon_key
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Lila

Establishment : Penny's 77a

Date of Visit: April. 11am Saturday



Rates: 1 hour $100.00

Age:20

Size/shape: medium/SLIM

Nationality or Ethnicity: Thai/ mamasan said KL?

Services Provided:  CBJ &  various positions

Value for money/recommend?: yes

My experience/comments:Soft skin. Soft and smooth all over. Very friendly. GAve a good CBJ , didnt rush , When sh did want to change I asked her to keep sucking and she did with good energy,. 
She got on top and rode cowgirl for a while. I suggested doggy and we started off slow. As tempo increased she guided my hand around to her pussy to rub it.
That was a surprise. Harder and harder  we went until I shot.
Sh cleaned me up and then thanked me for the "good fuck" and then put another dom on me and sucked me for another 10 mins until I blew again. The alarm went off before this and a gentle tap on the door signaled the time for a shower. I left her a $20 tip.
Ill be back


Floor: #33
Post Time: 19th July 2012, 02:27 PM
Poster ID: neil98761
Post Title: 
 Nicole at Pennys
				
Post Content: 
I have been to Pennys many times and am a regular of Tina. recently she mentioned that if I was ever there and she was not that I could see new girl Nicole, because she is very good. I asked how she knew and she said they do doubles together.  After this recommendation I thought I would give it a go. She is an attractive yuong lady, supposedly Thai/Hawaiian (may well be true, i did not ask). Unfortunately her servcie was dreadful. I am a bit older, and maybe that was a problem. but she seemed totally disinterested and seeemd to want avoid touching as much as possible. A total non-event. I just wanted it to end as soon as possible.


Floor: #34
Post Time: 24th July 2012, 05:34 PM
Poster ID: neil98761
Post Title: 
 Tina at Pennys
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Tina

Establishment : Pennys

Date of Visit : 24/07/12

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 95577165

Hours of Business : 10am till very late

Rates : 110/30, 190/60

Age : 50+ (let's call a spade a spade)

Size/shape : very shapely with DD's.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : FS/CBJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes indeed

My experience/comments : Obviously Tina is older so not for everyone. To me, she does not look her age and her service levels more than comepensate for any slight physical imperfections. And the double D's are to die for. They make it clear where the expression "fun bags" comes from. You can do anything with them, and I mean anything. She is living proof of the expression "experience counts for a lot". There is nothing extreme or wild about her, just good old-fashoioned service.


Floor: #35
Post Time: 11th October 2012, 05:22 AM
Poster ID: doom_2121
Post Title: 
 Pennys77 - Mandy
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Mandy

Establishment : Pennys77

Date of Visit : 29 September 2012

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Escorts NSW | Brothel Sydney | Erotic Massage Sydney | Asian Escorts Sydney | Adult Service In Sydney | Pennys77.com.au

Hours of Business : 10AM till Late

Rates : $150 for 45 minutes

Age : Mid 20s

Size/shape : C/D Cup enhanced, tall and slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Malay Indian

Services Provided : FS, CBJ, Kissing

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : Have heard a lot about this place, went there a year ago once but they were all busy so had to return back. Thought of trying again. The entrance is NOT very discreet, right on the main road will lot of traffic and padestrians. Once inside the place is very nice and clean. The lady seated me and told she'll send the girls. They had sort of a photo album in waiting area which initially i though might contains the pictures of ladies but it just had porn cut from different magazines. It was kind of funny, i mean just place the magazines there instead of cutting photos from there and placing in album. Anyway they had 3 girls available, julie, vicky and Mandy. Mandy immediately caught my eyes. There was another punter in waiting area next to me and same 3 girls were shown to him before me. I just kept on praying that he'd not choose Mandy. lucky for me he went with Julie. Anyway I paid the money and was escorted to room to take shower. I had to wait for like 10 minutes before Mandy came to room, apologized and told me she was having dinner. She is malay indian and have spent most of time in singapore. She speaks slowly and has this kind of sexy accent. She undressed to show those enhanced boobs which usually i'm not a fan of but they were good. She started with a massage while kissing nipples and here and there. Then she put on condom and provided a good cbj. She is happy to do kissing if anyone's interested. Tried a few positions and before long i was over the line. We still had time left so she gave me some more massage while talking all the time sharing stories. Nice friendly girl, good service. Would recommend her.


Floor: #36
Post Time: 15th November 2012, 01:21 AM
Poster ID: gentlescream
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Bros, you ever had that experience of seeing a hot chic on the street and thinking, "I. Want. That."? Well, the fantasy came true for me today. ...Sort of.

About three weeks ago, I saw this stunning girl at Newtown station. Completely my style. I had a bit of a "hunch" so...for the first time in my life, I followed her!
If she were to drop into a cafe or some other store, heck I was gonna come to that place afterwards. But, my "hunch" actually came through, and she walked right up to Penny's 77! I couldn't get to a computer fast enough. But when I did, it didn't take long to figure out it was Mandy.

Establishment and/or person's Name:Penny's 77, MANDY 

Contact Details/Address: pennys77.com.au

Prices:110/ half-hour

Age: Mid-20s

Size/shape: 36C, 175+cm

Nationality or Ethnicity:Malay/Indian mixed heritage

Services:
Bareback play, CBJ, DATY, FS, and quite a nice massage afterwards.

Well, after being hectic for about 3 weeks, finally found time to book Mandy and pay Penny's 77 a visit for the first time. Unfortunately, it turns out she was double-booked. Wasn't very happy, but Mandy said hello before she stepped in, and I couldn't help myself but give in to waiting for her booking to end. 

After an hour I stepped into the room and took a shower. I must admit, Penny works at keeping a clean, professional looking place and she manages her website quite adequately.

Mandy stepped into my room after awhile. She seemed to be sorry for the wait caused by the booking error. I told her to calm down. She stripped down and got onto the bed. Boy, she has quite the body. I know not everyone likes tall girls, but for me, I love long legs and I love her breasts (she admitted that she had them done, but heck, doesn't change the fact that they look great!). 

After getting to know each other a bit, she starting giving me a bit of a catbath, did some bareback oral, domed me up and started the CBJ, which was above average. Mandy loves to kiss, which we engaged in for quite a bit before I sucked her tits and then moved onto a 69.

The FS started with a reverse cowgirl, which was admittedly not easy. So I laid her on her back and started exploring a bit with my tongue before going for it mish. A few minutes into in, I wanted to finish in doggy, but it turns out I was more tired than I thought... embarrassingly, couldn't perform to my usual standard and had Mandy finish me with an HJ.  

We had a good talk and communication all throughout the session. She was grateful that I waited for the long while and gave me some extra time, with a good massage to go with it.

All in all, Mandy is a very friendly, cheerful girl with a model like stunning body.

(p.s., Anal was on the table, but passed for today)


Floor: #37
Post Time: 17th November 2012, 09:59 AM
Poster ID: silk
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Pls somebody tell me that Mandy works elsewhere!

I can't do that non-discrete front entrance and I believe there is no rear access?

Thanks in advance.

SILK


Floor: #38
Post Time: 28th November 2012, 06:42 PM
Poster ID: Spartan
Post Title: 
 Rose @ Penny's 77
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Rose

Establishment : Penny's 77

Date of Visit : Thursday night in November 2012

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 

Hours of Business : 10am - 2am

Rates : 1/2 hour    $110
3/4 hour    $150
1 hour       $190

Age : mid 20s (advertised as being 19, that's a stretch but she looks around 22-23)

Size/shape : 6, (relatively tall and skinny)

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : cbj, gfe, fs

Value for money/recommend? : if you like relatively inexperienced Thai girls, go for it....but if you expect PSE, forget it. 
 i
My experience/comments : Feeling "slightly tipsy" after having a few  drinks in Newtown, I was on my way to catch the train when during a  brief moment of clarity it occurred to me that it would be a good idea  to get laid before heading home....one Google search later I find myself  pressing the buzzer at Penny's (entrance is definitely not very  discrete but since it was late and being "over the limit" I couldn't  care less). 
Before I go any further I have to say that I'm a relative "newbie" to  the art of punting. I'm in my early 30s and in decent shape so on most  nights I can still get sex for free by picking some horny, intoxicated  nympho slut at a club or a pub but sometimes I cant' be bothered. Well,  this was one of those nights.
Three girl introduced themselves....none of them real stunners but all  OK....one young looking girl Rose got my attention so I picked  her.....paid for 1 hour and off to the room I go....The rooms are nice,  big mirrors, clean...for a $200/hour establishment nothing to complain  about here....
I shower, Rose comes in a few minutes later and it's on...she is  relatively new to this line of work and it shows. Not much initiative or  "spontaneous enthusiasm".....she's a cute girl but being with her felt  more like being with a some shy girl I picked up at a club than a  WL....and I was definitely not in the mood for running the show that  night....but if you pick Rose, don't expect her to lead the way. It was  late however, so maybe she was just being lazy after screwing all day. 
One the positive side, she is good looking (even though not exactly a  stunner), she is friendly, has nice personality and her English is very  good for an Asian WL. Overall,I would rate her "performance" as adequate  but far from specular. I guess it all comes down to what you expect. If  you are looking for more of an "innocent girl" type, go with Rose but  if you are looking some uninhibited porn star.....keep looking.


Floor: #39
Post Time: 16th March 2013, 10:35 PM
Poster ID: paul98
Post Title: 
 Jenifer @ pennys
				
Post Content: 
Establishment and/or person's Name:jennifer

Contact Details/Address: pennys77.com.au

Prices:110/ half-hour

Age: late-20s

Size/shape: boob b, 165+cm

Nationality or Ethnicity:Thai

Services:
CBJ, DATY(not sure as not my thing), FS, and  nice massage afterwards.

date of visit: feb 2013

i had been looking the pic of Jenifer's ass for long time  ,Due to the hectic schedule i couldn't find time to touch her divine bums.
anyway last month i was able to catch her. After waiting around 20 minutes she took me to room. my first impression was good as she has pretty face but i was more interested about ass than face.
When she takeoff her cloths, for the first time i encountered "the ass" that was tempting me for a while.
after worshiping those bums she gave me good cbj. it was skill full and we had bit conversation in between.
then the moment came when i started to pounded in doggy. it was fantastic as she was pushing back from her side as well. after good ten minutes heavy pounding i couldn't hold it anymore. i let it go.i was in heaven for few seconds.
afterwards she gave me a good massage.
i would recommend for her for ass lovers.
pic from website


Floor: #40
Post Time: 17th April 2013, 01:51 PM
Poster ID: rubbertoe
Post Title: 
 Rayya (Thai euro mix) - Pennys 77
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Rayya

Establishment : Pennys 77 enmore road, Newtown

Date of Visit : March 2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : www.pennys77.com.au 

Hours of Business : 10am-2am

Rates :$110/30mins, $150/45mins, $190/hr

Age : 22

Size/shape : 10/voluptuous

Nationality or Ethnicity : Mix of Thai/Singaporean/Spanish

Services Provided : All safe, provides greek as extra.

Value for money/recommend? : No, not really

My experience/comments : I was in the mood for some anal, so thought I would try pennys as they had a couple of girls there (Rayya & Mandy), who are now advertising the fact they offer greek service. Saw a line-up of about 5 girls, I had to wait about 15mins to see Rayya, who was unavailable at the time. I normally stay for 1hr, but as the rates in this place had recently gone up - I paid $150 for 45mins.
When in the room she asked why I picked her and I mentioned that I knew she did greek. She told me greek would be an extra $150!?! which I laughed at. Then she asked how much was I willing to pay extra and I offered $50, to which she agreed.
She's a gorgeous looking girl and you can detect the euro mix in her looks. she has a nice body, but her boobs are enhanced. She gave a nice CBJ with plenty of eye contact. I asked to do DATY on her and she obliged. She was however rather coy about recieving oral and wanted the lights turned down low - I got the feeling she was hiding something?!? She has this unusual tattoo (flames??) all along her outer labia. Tried greek in one position (doggy) and for what seemed only a short while, before she then grew tired and lied down flat on the bed. It was a bit dissapointing all in all and will not be going back. The establishment is good, but I think they are now overpriced.


Floor: #41
Post Time: 21st April 2013, 01:02 AM
Poster ID: shinsengumi
Post Title: 
 Pennys 77 - Rose
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Rose

Establishment : Pennys 77

Date of Visit : 17/02/2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Asian Escorts Sydney | Brothels Sydney | Erotic Massages - Pennys77.com.au, (Upstairs) 1st floor, 77a Enmore Road, Newtown,                   Sydney, NSW, 02 9557 7565

Hours of Business : 10am till late

Rates : $150 for 35 mins

Age : 20's but not late, may be from 20-24

Size/shape : C cup, slim, tattoo on her lower back

Nationality or Ethnicity : thai

Services Provided :  FS, CBJ

Value for money/recommend? : ok for her, but there are others who has more value

My experience/comments :

When i went to this palce, i was with my friend and we were planning to go to the casino, so i said to him beforehand, i need some luck (he got all confused and somewhat annoyed) when i told him that we need to make a little stop first. So i told him the direction and we got to enmore (or stanmore, cant remember where we parked but do remember it ends with "more"). So as he was following me and i wanted to make it a surprise for him, so as we walked to the street, lo and behold there it was Pennys 77 (although the shops just says plainly 'Thai massage'). And as we walked up the stairs, my friends said to me " You got to be shitting me. You need to come here to get some luck???? you need luck or fuck??? what the hell is wrong with you???", but as i told him, i needed to get luck and this is my process, i need to have sex so i can rub all the bad luck from me to another person temporarily and then gain some good luck in return, yin and yang crap thing.... and i told him i wanted to see this place. Rang doorbell, and the door opened, and ok i admit i was a little disappointed to see an old lady welcome us inside but the mama-san was kind and escorted us to the waiting area, (my friends was getting annoyed at that time as he sat down) and the mama-San asked us if we have been here before, we said no, and she then started to proceed to tell the girls to come and introduced themselves.....wow it must've been a busy night as it was Saturday because about 8 girls were introducing themselves to us and i was like trying very hard to remember their names but couldn't hear properly, but one stood out and that was rose,only reason why was she was a cute gal with blond auburn hair, and sure enough she kind of look fun and sweet. So i asked for Rose, and the mama-San smiled and proceeded to get her but not long before she asked my friend who he wanted. Mind you, my friend was not planning to get laid, but when he saw a girl named Mandy, he couldn't help himself and asked for her!!!!! talk about him getting annoyed and then proceeding to get a fuck because his dick couldn't hold back LOL.....just goes to show how good the girls this establishment has.

Anyway, my friend went with Mandy and did his own thing, while i had mine. And as i entered the room Rose took me in, i was amazed as the flow and layout of the room, especially the shower, it was open end and had a free fall shower head, i liked it already, and then Rose sweetly said to me have a shower and i will be back. So in as i went to get my shower done, and for five minutes i couldn't help but be amazed at the room being well built and architecturally laid out in a way that makes it so peaceful and relaxing. As i dried myself and had myself lying on the bed, in Rose came, and already she was so pretty and sweet that you thought she couldnt be anymore wild or such. But she was unexpected because she then started to proceed to strip in a sexy manner and that gave me the hard-on straight away. as she saw how hard my dick went, she put on the dom and started to proceed slowly on sucking my cock, and not the best, but she did it in a way that was sensual enough to make me relax. For 5 minutes, i just laid there flatly on my back, that i didn't even notice that a television was mounted on the wall and was showing as usual, porno movies, i mustve be drifting by to not even notice something like that. Then i asked her toget up on the bed and she happily did so, and she positioned herself in the doggie style mount, and i was like, whoa, she just openly made herself like that and what a powerful invitation that caught my attention....So what else could i do, and yet i was stupid for asking, because i asked her "you want me to fuck you like that?" when it was plain clear, and i slowly crept up to her pink pussy, and started to insert my dick, and as i entered inside her, she let out a powerful yet loud moan, and that made me more harder, so i slowly began to warm her up as i went in and back forth for five minutes that she was wet, which gave me the signal to go for full doggie style. I go faster and harder while holding her shoulder and i swear, her moaning just sound like those JAV pornstars, high moaning voice that makes you go crazy as you continue to fuck her. did so for ten minutes and then she laid on her back and put her legs on my shoulder, and i was like hell yea, this girl is gonna give me good luck winnings tonight. so i pounded her hard and leaned forward more, when i saw a massage table bed behind me, so i got put my legs on that to support me up in the air, and had gravity do the rest, because as i am not standing, it was even more exciting and and fun when i was drilling her from the air....and then she said to me cum babe, time is almost up but take ur time....and that was sweet of her to say that, so i obliged and took my time to concentrate and came in the dom.

After that finished, she cleaned me off and let me had a shower, and help me get dressed and i tipped her an extra 50 dollars for a good time, and also for giving me good luck. She smiled and said that if i win, i come back to the establishment after i finished in the casino to share the winnings, i laughed and said i shall do so i f win. And then i went outside to meet my friend who was all smiling and looking so happy he just won the lottery, i asked him about Mandy and he said that she was like model when she was stark naked. I said to him Aren't you proud of coming to this place? and he agreed as we both had a good time and it was a pleasurable experience that we decided to use that establishment every time we go to the casino LOL.....


Floor: #42
Post Time: 12th November 2013, 01:46 AM
Poster ID: gentlescream
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Name: Mandy

Establishment and/or person's Name:Penny's 77, MANDY 

Contact Details/Address: pennys77.com.au

Prices:110/ half-hour

Age: Mid-20s

Establishment : Pennys 77

Date of Visit : 8/11/2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Asian Escorts Sydney | Brothels Sydney | Erotic Massages - Pennys77.com.au, (Upstairs) 1st floor, 77a Enmore Road, Newtown, Sydney, NSW, 02 9557 7565

Hours of Business : 10am till late

Rates : $110 for 30 mins

Age : mid-late 20s

Size/shape: 36C, 175+cm, lower back tattoo.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Malay-indian mix.

Services Provided : FS, CBJ, DFK, GFE, DATY

Value for money/recommend? :My ideal girl, but may not be for everybody.

My experience/comments :

Saw her exactly one year ago (as per previous review) and have wanted to see her again ever since, but never really found myself in the area. I really have a personal fondness for her looks and style.

Anyhow, booked her for 7pm. She stepped in near 7:20 and explained that there a multi-booking. ...Same thing happened last year...hmm. Oh well. Btw, there is a male receptionist who shows you in, but he seems like the gayest guy ever. No offence towards homosexuals of course, but he wasn't there the last time I was there, but just in case, just don't be alarmed.

Mandy was good as I remembered her. She gives a find catbath and her beautiful hair and body are irresistible. I love just simply looking at her. She sucks your pelvic area and ballsack as well as any girl. During 69, I noticed again that her pussy tastes finer than most girls I've ever screwed (WLs and non).
She CBJs quite well and I loved holding her hair while she did so.

On to the FS. Now, I'm fine with the FS, but she has a weird and perhaps even annoying moan which I forgot about, which suggests a lot of FOAM. It kinda inter-relates with her particular accent. But I'm so attracted to her that I can overlook it. 

Like last time, I failed to cum during FS and I had her finish me off with a HJ. As much as I like her, I think there's just some incompatibility + my fatigue from that day. But it's just so good to hold her in my arms. Plus, her DFK is top class.

Great GFE finish and I promised to visit again sooner than later. Recommended to those who like 'em tall and tanned skin girls.


Floor: #43
Post Time: 24th November 2013, 03:25 PM
Poster ID: intensly
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hi guys has anyone been here lately any recommendation ?


Floor: #44
Post Time: 24th November 2013, 10:34 PM
Poster ID: Benno
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
That was a awesome review Someone or other..  I've always  wanted to try this place and I nearly did once but the lack of a discrete entrance put me off.. I will have to bite the bullet soon and give it a go. Cheers man


Floor: #45
Post Time: 25th November 2013, 01:32 AM
Poster ID: 4Spices
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
My very first RnT here years ago. It was a great experience back then and it seems to have kept a fairly good standard by the looks of it. I would like to return one day to check it out again.


Thread Title: Pennys77 - 77A Enmore Rd, Newtown - 02 9557 7165
Floor: #46
Post Time: 15th April 2014, 06:16 PM
Poster ID: sexual chocolate
Post Title: 
 Pennys77 - 77A Enmore Rd, Newtown - 02 9557 7165
				
Post Content: 
Name: Mandy

Establishment and/or person's Name:Penny's 77, MANDY 

Prices: $110/ 30, $150/45, $190/60

Age: Mid-20s

Establishment : Pennys 77

Date of Visit : 15/04/14

Contact Details/Address Pennys77.com.au, (Upstairs) 1st floor, 77a Enmore Road, Newtown, Sydney, NSW, 02 9557 7565

Hours of Business : 10am till late

Rates : $110 for 30 mins

Age : mid-late 20s

Size/shape: bolt on D cups, tall , thin, tattoo lower back

Nationality or Ethnicity : Malay-indian mix.

Services Provided :, CBJ, DFK, FS, GFE, DATY , Anal can be negotiated

Value for money/recommend?  yes, ymmv

My experience/comments :
At work we use to have these personal development type courses about expanding your paradigms . The people in most need weren't listening and the more open minded didn't need mentoring. It didn't matter because all was forgotten in 2 weeks. Today I've had my paradigms expanded in that I'm pretty sure I fucked a Tranny .  Mandy is very feminine with a gentle , friendly disposition. To me she has a very attractive face , mixed race Malay/Indian, tall and slim with beautiful smooth dark honey coloured skin, soft sexy voice, excellent English,  big fake tits , nice vagina with a little crop of pubes, It sounds incongruent but even though I'm 99% sure she use to be male , to me she is 100% woman and I like her a lot.There was three girls in the line up, a sexy looking mixed race Thai called Rayya, the statuesque Mandy and a nice Thai girl called Jade. Mandy has that tall , sultry ,exotic look that caught my attention. Even though her long limbs and height made me question her gender, her natural elegance and exotic looks won me overPenny runs a good shop, mixed asian but predominately Thai, professionally cleaned, renovated modern rooms, and maintains a high level of service , which entails cat bath, CBJ, FS and any extra's you have negotiated. Paid my $110/30 and started off with some very nice kissing , lovely soft mouth and lips, cat bath followed with plenty of attention to my balls and some soft kisses to my cock before applying the condom and giving me a really good head job with plenty of deep throat. Cow girl , finish off in Mish with a good massage and chat for the last few minutes. Enjoyed my time with Mandy, very nice sexy girl , GFE,  good to talk to as well. I'm a huge fan of Chinese girls but variety really is the spice of life.
regards sexual chocolate


Floor: #47
Post Time: 15th April 2014, 08:47 PM
Poster ID: gentlescream
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by sexual chocolate


Name: Mandy

Establishment and/or person's Name:Penny's 77, MANDY 

Prices: $110/ 30, $150/45, $190/60

Age: Mid-20s

Establishment : Pennys 77
.
.
Value for money/recommend?  yes, ymmv

My experience/comments :

At work we use to have these personal development type courses about expanding your paradigms . The people in most need weren't listening and the more open minded didn't need mentoring. It didn't matter because all was forgotten in 2 weeks. Today I've had my paradigms expanded in that I'm pretty sure I fucked a Tranny . 
.

"""





One of my absolute favorites. I actually asked her about the tranny/male issue. She calmly insisted she was 100% female, but oh well, it's easy to see why may not be convinced or have doubts nonetheless.


Floor: #48
Post Time: 17th April 2014, 01:36 PM
Poster ID: rubbertoe
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by gentlescream


... I actually asked her about the tranny/male issue. She calmly insisted she was 100% female..
"""



I doubt any post-op tranny would openly admit to formerly being a male, especially when working in a none transgender brothel. I have come across girls working in normal brothels, who to me, are obviously post-op transexuals, but it doesn't phase me. However, I much prefer a natural pussy to one some surgeon has tried to create and prefer my transexuals to be pre-op 

RT


Floor: #49
Post Time: 7th May 2014, 07:00 PM
Poster ID: sexual chocolate
Post Title: 
 Penny's 77,  Patty
				
Post Content: 
[COLOR=#000000]Name: Patty[/COLOR]

[COLOR=#000000]Establishment and/or person's Name:Establishment Penny's 77[/COLOR]

[COLOR=#000000]Prices: $110/ 30, $150/45, $190/60[/COLOR]

[COLOR=#000000]Age: 24[/COLOR]

[COLOR=#000000]Establishment : Pennys 77[/COLOR]

[COLOR=#000000]Date of Visit : 7/05/14[/COLOR]

[COLOR=#000000]Contact Details/Address Pennys77.com.au, (Upstairs) 1st floor, 77a Enmore Road, Newtown, Sydney, NSW, 02 9557 7565[/COLOR]

[COLOR=#000000]Hours of Business : 10am till late[/COLOR]

[COLOR=#000000]Rates : $110 for 30 mins , $150/45, $190/60[/COLOR]

[COLOR=#000000]Size/shape:  size 6, about 50kgs, nice little figure, natural B cups, olive skin, [/COLOR]

[COLOR=#000000]Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai[/COLOR]

[COLOR=#000000]Services Provided :, [/COLOR]CBJ[COLOR=#000000], [/COLOR][COLOR=#000000], [/COLOR]FS[COLOR=#000000], [/COLOR]GFE[COLOR=#000000],  not sure about extras[/COLOR]

[COLOR=#000000]Value for money/recommend? yes, [/COLOR]
[COLOR=#000000]
[/COLOR]
[COLOR=#000000]When I don't feel like thinking about it too much, this is the shop I go to. You know your going to get a line up of  sexy Thai girls, CBJ, FS  in a well run shop with renovated, clean rooms, anything else is a bonus.[/COLOR]
[COLOR=#000000]
[/COLOR]
[COLOR=#000000]Rocked up after lunch without a booking and shown 4 girls, Patty. Sonia,  and two other girl who I can't remember. Its funny when your only got a few seconds to make up your mind ,  everyones  perception is heightened  .  I'm studying their body shape, body language, evaluating their friendliness and sensuality, looking for a slight eye roll or a hint of a sneer when they walk away, simultaneously  they are sizing us up as a potential customers,  all in the space of about 5 seconds. You learn to trust your instincts but its a lucky dip.[/COLOR]
[COLOR=#000000]
[/COLOR]
[COLOR=#000000]Sonya is very pretty, probably a little better looking than Patty but something about Patty's aura seemed to reflect a genuine sunny personality and I wasn't wrong.[/COLOR]
[COLOR=#000000]Patty has a great little figure, all in proportion to her small size. Pretty face, shoulder length dark hair, nice bum, tits, hips and shapely legs, sparse thin crop of pubes on her minge. She is really friendly and good to talk to even though her english is developing. She is a smart little thing and will learn fast .[/COLOR]
[COLOR=#000000]
[/COLOR]
[COLOR=#000000]Patty gives a really good energetic CBJ, just the way I like it. So good in fact that as I was playing with her pussy and admiring her lovely vagina in the mirror while she sucked away , I started to cum. I managed to cut off the flow so that I could fuck her. Patty was fine but got me a new condom as she was  a little worried about coping some overflow. She is a great little fuck, pulls her legs right back and does the reach around to play with my nuts while I pump away and squeeze out the last few drops.[/COLOR]
[COLOR=#000000]
[/COLOR]
[COLOR=#000000]Patty gave me a massage for a few minutes and we had a good talk. Patty is a great young girl, friendly , pretty and sexy who is saving for a better future and has yet to be jaded by the demands of the job.

[/COLOR]
[COLOR=#000000]Next time I will try Sonya, she is a very good looking.[/COLOR]
[COLOR=#000000]
[/COLOR]
[COLOR=#000000]regards [/COLOR]
[COLOR=#000000]sexual chocolate[/COLOR]


Floor: #50
Post Time: 17th October 2014, 11:03 AM
Poster ID: Poser
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Name: Mandy

Establishment and/or person's Name:Penny's 77, MANDY

Prices: $110/ 30, $150/45, $190/60

Age: Mid-20s

Establishment : Pennys 77

Date of Visit : Late Sept/ early Oct 2014

Contact Details/Address Pennys77.com.au, 1st floor, 77a Enmore Road, Newtown, Sydney, NSW, 02 9557 7565

Hours of Business : 10am till late

Rates : $110/30 mins, 

Size/shape: bolt on D cups, tall , thin, tattoo lower back

Nationality or Ethnicity : Malay-indian mix.

Services Provided : CBJ, DFK, FS, GFE, DATY 

Value for money/recommend? yes, ymmv

My experience/comments :

Dropped by Pennys77 on the way home from a work function, picked Mandy from the line up as she was pretty good looking. She's a Malay - Indian mix, with dark hair. She has fake tits (quite nice), gorgeous skin,nice personality, friendly and affectionate. I suspect she is post-op, but that didnt put me off as I wanted to tick off 'fucking a trans' on my list. (Had a chance in Thailand, but didn't get around to it)

Anyway, started off with DFK, then decided to explore more of her body, starting off with DATY. Quite liked eating her pussy - which is different from the 'normal natural made' pussy as it looked a bit too...perfect, but each to their own. THe plumbing down there works fine with all the standard doofunkies. The downside is that her pussy wasn't wet while I was licking her clit (which she enjoyed) and fingering her - had to really slobber it . While I was doing this, she positioned herself to a 69 position and wow-wee, her BJ skills are top notch - she takes it all in, my cock hitting the back of her throat and no gagging at all. 

Moved onto cowgirl then missionary then doggy, but it wasn't doing it for me. Decided to go back to BJ with a bit of spanish, with her sitting between my legs and us having eye contact with each other. She started talking dirty to me "come on baby, shoot that load for me, all on my tits, etc", so it wasn't long before I obliged and creamed her tits. 

Overall a nice experience and will be back to see her - the next time, I'll like to blow inside of her or if she allows it, down her throat.


Floor: #51
Post Time: 23rd March 2015, 07:24 AM
Poster ID: emptybox49
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Mandy

Establishment : Pennys 77 (77 enmore rd)

Date of Visit : 10/03/2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Ph: 02 9557 7565

Hours of Business : 10am till late

Rates : $110 a half hr fs

Age : 25-30

Size/shape : C cup, slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian\Indian

Services Provided : BBBJ, DATY, FS, 

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments :
Had the pleasure of visiting Mandy at Pennys77 at 77 enmore rd recently.
She was very attractive - maybe a mix of asian and indian and <30 years old.
Paid $110 for 30 mins.
She could speak English well, and was not shy!
Started with a shower followed by covered bj, and a few standard positions.
finished with a massage which was reasonable.

All up a great experience and highly recommended....

Scott


Floor: #52
Post Time: 23rd March 2015, 11:55 AM
Poster ID: gentlescream
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by emptybox49


Person's Name : Mandy

Establishment : Pennys 77 (77 enmore rd)

Date of Visit : 10/03/2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Ph: 02 9557 7565

Hours of Business : 10am till late

Rates : $110 a half hr fs

Age : 25-30

Size/shape : C cup, slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian\Indian

Services Provided : BBBJ, DATY, FS, 

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments :
Had the pleasure of visiting Mandy at Pennys77 at 77 enmore rd recently.
She was very attractive - maybe a mix of asian and indian and <30 years old.
Paid $110 for 30 mins.
She could speak English well, and was not shy!
Started with a shower followed by covered bj, and a few standard positions.
finished with a massage which was reasonable.

All up a great experience and highly recommended....

Scot
"""



Finally she's back...been waiting for awhile for her return...


Floor: #53
Post Time: 8th July 2015, 05:03 PM
Poster ID: sexual chocolate
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Establishment : Pennys 77

Date of Visit : 8/07/2015

Contact Details/Address Pennys77.com.au, (Upstairs) 1st floor, 77a Enmore Road, Newtown, Sydney, NSW, 02 9557 7565

Hours of Business : 10am till late

Rates : $110/30, $150/45, $190/60

Size/shape: size 8, natural C, bit of puppy fat, pretty face

Age : 25

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided :, CBJ, , FS, 

Value for money/recommend. Not really.

Up at Newtown today so thought I'd swing by Penny's on a whim, been over twelve months since my last visit. Checked out their website but unfortunately they don't keep their roster up to date. 

Gave them a call and asked if Patty or Mandy were working but reception seemed a bit clueless. He said there was 3 girls working so I drop in to check out the line up.

I had to pick between Kim and Min. I picked Kim purely on her face. Kim is a nice Thai girl with a bit of puppy fat, natural C - cups, hairy box, shoulder length bob haircut that frames her pretty face, developing English and 3 deep scars, two on her stomach and one on her back that didn't faze me at all . Kim has only just started in the business and is inexperienced but does her best. I book 30 minutes.

     Kim enters the room , introduces herself and jumps in the shower with me. Onto the bed and she works her way down from my nipples to my cock and applies a condom for a reasonable CBJ which is standard for this place and some gentle licking of the gonads.  I play with her tits , give them a suck and then it's on to the main event. Before we start sex she changes the condom ( I don't know why ) and puts it on upside down , her inexperience showing.

Kim jumps on for some cowgirl which is just alright before I flick her over for mish and pump away till I blow. Kim offers me a massage for the last few minutes but I tell her to just relax . Kim starts to tell me about her scars and how she survived a life saving operation when she was born. For someone with limited English she explained it very well and even managed to use " trachea " and " oesophagus " in a sentence which was impressive .

No kissing, no pussy play and little underwhelming but it was still OK, 
I like this shop because it's nicely renovated and clean .  I wasn't really expecting much when you walk in off the street but everyone hopes to strike gold. 

Kim is a very nice girl and by the look of those scars very lucky to be alive but I was all a bit ho hum. 

Cheers sexchoc


Floor: #54
Post Time: 30th May 2016, 06:49 PM
Poster ID: eye_eye_eye
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Erica

Establishment : Penny's 77

Date of Visit : 22/05/2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 9557 7565 ... Asian Escorts Sydney | Brothels Sydney | Erotic Massages - Pennys77.com.au

Hours of Business : 11:00 - 03:00

Rates : $100/$130/$160

Age : Mid to late 20's

Size/shape : Size 10-12ish, Curvy .. Natural C cups

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : BBBJ, DATY, 69, FS

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments :
I haven't been to Penny's  in a while because I didn't want to pay $190 but now prices are back down to $160/60mins I thought I'd drop in and say hello. So I popped in, and the only girl available was Erica. A bit chubbier than I prefer, but she's got nice hair and her curvyness shown off by the black sheer negligee and black lacy pants and bra was very alluring.

Started off slowly exploring her curves and a bit of a cuddle whilst standing before heading to the bed.

Erica doesn't kiss but she's accommodating and is quite a sweet young lass. She was going to apply a condom but I asked if she could forgo the latex, and she did ... gave a lovely BBBJ, not DT nor too PSE. And slowly removed her undies at the same time.

She moved up the bed and rolled over on to her stomach and I felt the need to lick and caress her buttocks which are nicely rounded and lickable. She rolled over and spread her legs to reveal a nicely trimmed tidy little twat and, luckily for me, she wasn't averse to having it licked/sucked/stroked etc.

I requested a 69, and she agreeably got on top of me and, like a plumber's plunger, stuck her tasty snatch onto my mouth whilst resuming the BBBJ.

On with the cd ... for sex in many positions - mish, doggie, sideways, scissors, she was happy to be led, and made nice little noises .. not too much though. Finished off by sitting with my back to the headboard and Erica riding me cowgirl stylee .. the sight of her nice bouncy boobs and the feel of her rounded bottom did it for me.

I'll be heading back to Penny's again I think. Probably won't see Erica again, but if I did I wouldn't be disappointed.


Floor: #55
Post Time: 20th June 2016, 09:21 PM
Poster ID: eye_eye_eye
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jessie

Establishment : Penny's 77

Date of Visit : 6/13/2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Penny's 77 | Sydney finest brothel services

Hours of Business : 10 till late

Rates : $100/$130/$160

Age : Mid 20's

Size/shape : Curvy/Chubby

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : BBBJ ($20 tip), DATY, 69, FS

Value for money/recommend? : Aye

Penny's has been changing lately .. new owners? The website's been revamped with real photos (Jessie's photos at least are real - she was wearing the same bra).
Just 2 girls were available, Patty - whom I've seen before (recommended) and Jessie.
Jessie is fuller figured but looked quite attractive in a little black dress. She has shoulder length hair, is young looking, pretty with nice eyes and has a lovely pair of pouty lips.
She said "I'm Jessie .. and I'm from Thailand" in such a cute way that I was sold. The receptionist (a young Asian guy I've never seen before) said it was her first day ... and I was her first customer.

She's not new to the business though as she knew what to do and get organised. We started off with a slow caress and I could feel her relaxing. There was no kissing and she did a good job of ensuring it wasn't going to happen.
Onto the bed and Jessie gave a fairly good long BBBJ, not too deep though. I asked if I could return the favour and she accepted ... the first thing I noticed was how sweet and tasty she was .. that young a juicy fanny was worth the price of admission alone. We moved into a 69 for more BBBJ and fanny juiciness 

On with the dom and her on top at first ... and wow, was she tight. She ever so slowly took all my cock's length .... felt like ages as she gently worked it in, mmmm it was very nice.
Once warmed up/loosened up we went through the usual range of positions. She wasn't proactive at all, but was accommodating and made some cute squeaky noises.
Having her on top and grasping her bounteous arse and nuzzling her boobs did it for me.

Very Nice!


Floor: #56
Post Time: 21st June 2016, 02:20 PM
Poster ID: Polonius
Post Title: 
 Pennys77 - 77A Enmore Rd, Newtown - 02 9557 7165
				
Post Content: 
Establishment : Penny's 77

Date of Visit :9 June 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Penny's 77 | Sydney finest brothel services

WeChat: Pennys77

Hours of Business : 10am till late

Rates : $100/$130/$160

Age : Mid 20's

Size/shape : Curvy, nice bum, C cups, smiler

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : CBJ, FS, something that resembles massage, Exxon Valdez-style oily HJ

Value for money/recommend? : No

Having work moved closer to Central Station I decided it was time to explore some of the options available on Parramatta Road and my thoughts turned to finding a Thai LBFM. I immediately thought of Penny's but hadn't been there for several years. From here I saw that they had recently matched the market rates and I decided it was time.

The booking was very easy using WeChat and I took Patty for an hour. I asked about BBBJ and was told that was at the girls discretion, no problem. The booking time was honoured and the rooms are clean and modern.

Patty was friendly, her English isn't great but communications about the transaction were simple enough. Patty is from Chiang Mai and is indeed little and dark skinned, nice C cup boobs and a nice face, not pretty but certainly not unpleasant to look at. But a fuck machine? In truth, no, this was an average punt at best, the sort that you never regret having paid for a fuck but instantly regretted you paid for more than the half hour.

First off there's no DFK but I don't expect that at this end of town so not disappointed.

Secondly there was no fingering (again, not surprised) but no DATYalready I'm regretting the 50 minutes remaining. On with the condom, asked about BBBJ but was politely declined. The CBJ had one speed; jackhammer. This was fun for the 30 seconds it actually lasted but I wouldn't book Patty if you are looking for oral, either way.

After a very short demonstration of penis-head banging it was into cowgirl. Now I will say that Patty is a snug fit and can take a pounding. Actively fucking back at me and however and making her disappointment known when I slowed down when I felt the vinegar strokes approach. Worked through doggy, reverse cowgirl and blew into the bag in mish with her legs over my shoulders.

All this occurred prior to the half hour mark and what followed was probably my worst "massage" from a FS girl ever, which was surprising as one thing the Thai lasses are usually solid on is massage. Her technique could best be described as oscillating between "applying a top coat of Dulux" strokes and the "Hey you [drunk] asleep on couch at a house party, wake up! You don't have to go home but you can't stay here" pokes and pushes.

There was an attempt at a second shot with an indecent amount of baby-oil and a handjob (ie no possibility of further condom-on options) but I just couldn't be bothered.

At $160 for an hour you can't be too shocked when you get ordinary service but I won't be seeing Patty again. The shop is convenient and clean, there seems to be some other LBFM on the roster and there's some that will entertain BBBJ. I'll probably be back.

Probably...


Floor: #57
Post Time: 7th October 2016, 06:38 PM
Poster ID: piratebooty
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lily or Lili

Establishment : Penny's 77

Date of Visit : August 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Penny's 77 | Lily

Hours of Business : Midday until late

Rates : $160/60

Age : 27

Size/shape : 7

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : FS, CBJ, DFK

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : Saw Lili about a month ago. Not drop dead gorgeous, but if I'd seen her in a pub I probably would have had a crack. She started of with CBJ, but I was pretty raring to go and so I moved into fucking her pretty much as soon as I could. She was probably the most enthusiastic WL I've been with, giving me extremely energetic DFK for pretty much the entire hour, and getting really into the sex as well. Her skin was a bit stretchy, like she's recently had a kid, but I took that to mean I could go at her as hard as I wanted, and she didn't seem to mind. I've had some of the shorter girls tell me to go slow so as not to hurt them, but none of that with lili, just an all out fuck fest, letting me try out any position I could come up with. To be honest, I probably should have paced myself, because even after taking five minutes to recover from the first round, it was hard work to bring my bat to the second ball game. So she finished out the hour with a pretty solid CBJ and some intermittent fucking. But it was way more relaxed than the first time and despite her poor English, we actually had some pretty good conversation whilst going at it. She seemed a little bit crazy and was convinced the other girls were skinnier than her, which was not true. At any rate, mild craziness + body issues made for some pretty good sex.


Floor: #58
Post Time: 7th October 2016, 09:01 PM
Poster ID: lofty14u
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Ha ha, I went to the Thai massage shop thats situated under this establishment, yesterday. While I was having a massage downstairs, there was this incredible thumping coming from upstairs. Some poor lass was copping a severe pounding by the sounds of it. I mentioned it to the Thai lass giving me the massage and she just smiled.


Floor: #59
Post Time: 8th November 2016, 12:00 AM
Poster ID: piratebooty
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Summer

Establishment : Penny's 77

Date of Visit : Early November

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Penny's 77 | Sydney finest brothel services

Hours of Business : 10 till late

Rates : $130/45

Age : 30?

Size/shape : Petite

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : FS, Massage, CBJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

I love this place, I've been here 3 times, and haven't had a bad punt yet. I went in and was sat behind a curtain in the front room. Two girls came out; Summer, and a girl who I've forgotten the name of. I'd seen Summer before, and I  generally make a point not to see the same girl twice, but the other one was nothing special, and I knew summer would give me a good time. 

She's tiny, the site says she's around 156cm or something like that, and I believe it, you can tell from her face that she's at least in her late 20's though. She's also very professional, she remembered me from my other punt and remembered that I'd taken a while to cum and almost ran out of time. So she asked if that happened regularly, and said if it did she'll shorten the foreplay so we could spend more time fucking. So we got to it and when I was ready to blow she got on top of me and let me jack off into her tits. She has these kinda floppy ones that she let droop onto my cock so every time I'd stroke my cock and hand would hit the underside of her tit. Fuck that felt amazing, especially once I started to cum on them as well.

She finished me off with a short massage, which she's not bad at. She kept saying she wasn't a professional, but in my experience most girls come up with an excuse not to massage you at all. So it was nice to actually get one for once.


Floor: #60
Post Time: 21st February 2017, 10:59 AM
Poster ID: neil98761
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Yaya

Establishment : Penny's 77

Date of Visit : 23 November 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Penny's 77 

Hours of Business : 11am until late

Rates : $90/30

Age : 20's

Size/shape : a very curvy 10

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : FS, CBJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : I used to see Tina here many times. She was curvy and very, very busty. Also older and quite orgasmic (I suspect the two things go together). Unfortunately she retired eventually. When I was scanning the photos on the site I noticed Yaya who looked to be very similar in appearance, so I made the booking. She was much younger than Tina but definitely most beautiful to behold (and to hold). She was friendly but a bit mechanical. It was straight onto the bed and we started in cowgirl which is my default setting. Very nice with large bouncing breasts. After a while I sat up and then stood up, holding onto her all the while. She seemed a bit uncertain about this so we switched to doggy, firstly with me standing and her on the bed, then I joined her on the bed and finally I positioned her flat on her stomach and finished off in this position. An enjoyable experience from an extremely attractive lady but no real connection to speak of so probably would not repeat.


Thread Title: Pennys77 - 77A Enmore Rd, Newtown - 02 9557 7165
Floor: #61
Post Time: 9th March 2017, 02:19 PM
Poster ID: neil98761
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Soda

Establishment : Penny's 77

Date of Visit : 9 March 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Penny's 77

Hours of Business : 11am until late

Rates : $90/30

Age : 20's

Size/shape : a very curvy 8

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : FS, CBJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

I visited here today and saw Soda. I know from reading sites such as this that tastes can vary greatly when it comes to looks and service levels of a WL, but for me Soda, who is Thai, not tall, curvy and with light coloured hair, is close to ideal. We seemed to hit it off straight way and she was fairly eager to please. We started with some standing foreplay and then adjourned to the bed. It soon became apparent that she wasn't keen on kissing or having her pussy handled (no problem) but liked very much having her breasts cupped and nipples tweaked. She climbed on top of me and proceeded with what would best described as a cock slide for some time and I was beginning to wonder if BBFS was on the menu. Eventually she asked if I wanted a condom to which I agreed. She also informed me fairly quickly that she was feeling horny. We started in cowgirl and remained in this position for some considerable time. I was happy to let her take control and set the pace, which started briskly and gradually sped up as she became more aroused. Eventually she told me she had cum (and I had no reason to doubt this) and she had broken out in a lather of sweat. I find it always adds to the experience to make the WL come. It was time for me to take over and I stood up while holding on to her with her feet on the bed. After a while of this we proceeded to doggy with me standing and then doggy with both of us on the bed. She is very good at this, bends in all the right places and has a tattoo in the small of her back which says "I love you" (either that or "I love Jon"). We try spooning for a while and end up in missionary, finishing just before time is up. Several times she thanked me for making her come. A very sweet young lady. Her English isn't great (but much better than my Thai) bit I think she said she works from Tuesday to Saturday. Also I must say that I can not think of a place that is as well set up and clean at these prices. Good value.


