Thread Title: The Gateway Club - 474 Parramatta Rd, Petersham - 02 9560 8066
Floor: #1
Post Time: 15th September 2010, 02:09 PM
Poster ID: Truekey
Post Title: 
 The Gateway Club - 474 Parramatta Rd, Petersham - 02 9560 8066
				
Post Content: 
Well here I go, hoping I am doing this right and also that anyone else can get some use out of this. 


Some of my best punts have been early in the morning well before work and before the sun comes up. 

I recently visited Gateway club in Petersham. I was well interested in seeing a porno style looking woman and then walking up came Pamela. Looked like she jumped straight out the computer and into the brothel. 

I think only half an hour as I've got to get to work. Up to the room and shower and slowly into it. 

This turned out not to be such a porn style experience but a suttle blend of both GFE and PSE. Most girls you meet are one or the other, but this was difficult to put in either bucket. She makes here way on top and grinds the hell out of me and kissing me, she gets right into it.

Great experience, well worth the try, definetly recommeded. 

Hope I've posted in the right formum and some else can get the chance to see this one.

Truey


Floor: #2
Post Time: 15th September 2010, 02:20 PM
Poster ID: Truekey
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
As above should have added.

Gateway club in Petersham Parramatta road. Open 24hrs a day, cost is 190half hr.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 1st April 2011, 04:21 PM
Poster ID: lpool
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Just a few notes, it's on Queen street in Leichardt, not far from Norton street and the prices are now $210 for 30mins... Probs because they can up the prices due to the popularity of Stiletto not far away on Parramatta road. 
I'll give you all a tip, it's somthing I don't let out often... as much as the girls at Stiletto are smoking it's ridiculously busy and a tad over-rated! I reckon dollar for dollar value is definitely to be had at the Gateway club and it will cost you about $10 more in a cab to get there... plus the bar downstairs is an ok place to hang out and have a drink if you don't mnid mingling with other punters etc. 

I usually check out the Gateway before going to Stiletto if i'm on a glam punt. 

FYI


Floor: #4
Post Time: 2nd May 2011, 07:26 PM
Poster ID: michaelstevens888
Post Title: 
 Natalie at Gateway
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Natalie

Establishment : Gateway, Parramatta Road (Petersham) - Rear Entrance on Queen's St

Date of Visit: January 2011

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: www.gatewayclub.com.au

Hours of Business: 24/7 I think!

Rates: 210 for 30 minutes, 270 for 45 mins and 320 for 60 mins

Age: Mid 20s

Size/shape: Probably Size 8

Nationality or Ethnicity: Australia

Services Provided: Full Services

Value for money/recommend?: 5 out of 10

My experience/comments: I met this lady January this year. She was reasonably good looking (6 out of 10). She had nice hair and a reasonably pretty face. Her bust was sort of small and did not have the 'vow' factor. She had a ok looking arse and pretty sexy legs. She liked to have a cigarette during the booking so, if you are asthmatic and a non-smoker, it may not be a good idea to book her in. Her service was also quite mediocre (4 out of 10) so, all in all, I think punters  can choose a much better girl if they exercise some patience. Overall recommendation: don't book her in unless you are really desperate.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 25th May 2012, 11:14 AM
Poster ID: michaelstevens888
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name: (J)Gemma

Establishment : Gateway, Parramatta Road (Petersham) - Rear Entrance on Queen's St

Date of Visit: around March 2012

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: Escort | Private Escorts | Brothel Sydney | Adult Services | The Gateway Club

Hours of Business: 24/7 I think!

Rates: 210 for 30 minutes, 270 for 45 mins and 320 for 60 mins

Age: Early 20s

Size/shape: Probably Size 6 or 8

Nationality or Ethnicity: Australia

Services Provided: Full Services

Value for money/recommend?: 3 out of 10

My experience/comments: This girl is reasonably good looking and young. She has a good body (given her age) but rather short and flat to my liking. Her service is very ordinary in fact substandard. She does not kiss and it is all about her. She wants to get your money, finish you off quickly and give you a little as possible. Personally, I won't retune to see her again.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 25th May 2012, 11:19 AM
Poster ID: michaelstevens888
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Roxi or Roxy

Establishment: Gateway, Parramatta Road (Petersham) - Rear Entrance on Queen's St

Date of Visit: around March 2012

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: Escort | Private Escorts | Brothel Sydney | Adult Services | The Gateway Club

Hours of Business: 24/7 I think!

Rates: 210 for 30 minutes, 270 for 45 mins and 320 for 60 mins

Age: Early 30s

Size/shape: Probably Size 10 bordering 12

Nationality or Ethnicity: Australian

Services Provided: Full Services

Value for money/recommend?: 6 out of 10

My experience/comments: This girl has a pretty face, lovely big natural bust but slightly chubby. Her service is not great but satisfactory. Worth seeing once or twice but probably not more than that.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 26th May 2012, 09:54 PM
Poster ID: aviator1300
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I see by the above posts that their prices have gone up but the level of service has gone down. I have not been to this place for about eight years. I'm surprised that it's still operating. Have new owners taken over?


Floor: #8
Post Time: 27th May 2012, 08:20 AM
Poster ID: CommanderM
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
definitely not the go to place it once was - better off these days going to Liasions, the Penthouse or At Michelles imho


Floor: #9
Post Time: 28th April 2013, 05:05 PM
Poster ID: davo1974
Post Title: 
 Gateway club
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Charlette                                                                                                                                                          Establishment : Gateway club, 474 Parramatta Rd 
Date of Visit : 25/04/2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : www.gatewayclub.com.au
Hours of Business : make an appointment best 

Rates : $210 half/ hr +extra

Age : looked 28 could be to 30 not sure!

Size/shape : C cup, slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie
Services Provided : full service, cbj

Value for money/recommend? : yes!

My experience/comments :

Been there twice great establishment, clean comfortable surrounds, nice rooms, met my girl she was tall, great body friendly, let me up to one of the rooms very discreet she was very keen to please and seems she knew what she was doing did a massage for 15mins to start and jewel rubbing...teasing as I sucked her amazing nipples she gave a nice cbj and got the chance to do some daty on that tight pussy. F/S  is part of the price, she seemed to enjoy fucking and different positions and with a pretty face and great body was easy to be pleased by her


Floor: #10
Post Time: 7th January 2014, 08:54 PM
Poster ID: ninos140@yahoo.com
Post Title: 
 The Gateway Club - 474 Parramatta Rd, Petersham - 02 9560 8066
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lilly

Establishment : The Gateway Club

Date of Visit : 03/01/2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Escort | Private Escorts | Sydney Brothel | Adult Services | The Gateway Club

Hours of Business : Always Open

Rates : $350 an hour

Age : Mid 20s

Size/shape : C cup, slim

Nationality or Ethnicity :Caucasian American

Services Provided : FS, DATY, DFK ($50 extra)

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments :

I was feeling horny on Friday afternoon so I decided to head over to the Gateway Club which I hadn't been to for quite a while. There were two ladies to pick from, a dark skinned Islander who I forgot the name of and then Lilly, a sexy slim but womanly caucasian lady with an American accent wearing a tight revealing dress, I would rate her looks 8/10.  I asked if she offered kissing and she said yes for $50 extra so I followed her up to the room and parted with the cash.

Following the usual shower & health check we started making out.  We were pashing with our tongues as I started feeling her smooth skin up with my hand.  Then I started kissing her all over starting from her neck then her moderately sized but shapely boobs..  I then made my way down to her pussy and started licking it at which point she grabbed a condom, put it in my dick and started sucking it.  We got into a 69 position where I was eating her tasty pussy while she sucked my dick.  The blow job felt great, had to be careful not to cum because I usually like to cum inside a woman's pussy.

Afterwards she climbed on top of me and I stuck my dick into her nice tight pussy and we were going at it, we also kissed while having intercourse.  We then change to missionary position, and I pounded her as hard as I could while she was moaning with pleasure.  I then came while it was inside her while she grabbed me and held me tight.  Nothing felt better.

After that we were just lieing in bed chatting and she told me about how she grew up in America then moved to Australia, quite talkative & friendly.  We kissed & made out a few more times till the buzzer went and then I had a shower & left.

All in all a great session and you can't go wrong with this lady, highly recommend.


Floor: #11
Post Time: 16th January 2014, 02:15 PM
Poster ID: foxtrot1967
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Pearl

Establishment : gateway club

Date of Visit : 11/1/2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 474 Parramatta rd Petersham entrance in queen st

Hours of Business : 24 hrs

Rates : $210 for half an hour

Age : I would say late twenties

Size/shape : short about size 10 blonde with short hair 

Nationality or Ethnicity : austarlian

Services Provided : fs,cbj,light kissing

Value for money/recommend? : although a little on the high $ side but quality girls and surroundings drinks,furnishing etc

My experience/comments : Having gone out with a friend to celebrate his birthday I could not resist the urge after driving up George street and seeing all the lovely ladies in their mini skirts,mini dress so decided to head up Parramatta Rd to an old stomping ground the gateway club. Arrive and greeted at the back door and taken to a small waiting area and was introduced to about 4 ladies . Pearl caught my eye she has a very sexy smile and gleaming blue eyes. Although I am not I big fan of tattoos I opted to spend my time with her. Up to the room and after a health inspection proceed to have a shower. With the shower over she enters the room and we exchange delicate soft kisses and she proceeds to play with my tool. I xould not help myself as all I really wanted to do was such on her melons they were an excellent shape and id say D or even DD  she made good eye contact as I looked up at her she proceeded to make this eye contact after she applied a don and let her mouth do the work,her cbj skills are excellent with her flicking her tongue and working the head to almost climax.I requested she slow down as I also wanted to feel the warmth of her box. She then got on her back and after many attempts to hold back I exploded.

She is a nice girl, beautiful facial features and eyes .I think her service would get even better with .


Floor: #12
Post Time: 22nd June 2015, 04:25 PM
Poster ID: indian_punter
Post Title: 
 Micha
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Micha

Establishment : The Gateway Club

Date of Visit : 9th June 2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :
www.TheGatewayclub.com.au 
Address: 474 Parramatta Rd, Petersham NSW 2049
Phone02) 9560 8066

Hours of Business : Unsure

Rates : $300 special daytime rate for an hour

Age : 26

Size/shape : Size 10, tallish 5 foot 8, D cups 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : CBJ, FS, Daty, LFK

Value for money/recommend? : Yes absolutely

My experience/comments : 

So trying to tee up a meeting with another private WL, and wasn't getting anywhere wile on my way back from a meeting in the city.
Horny as hell by now, I decided to just drop into the local brothel.
A quick search on here showed me this place so I dropped in.

Entrance in the back street. Lots of parking a street or 2 away.

3 ladies on for the day. 
Amber, redhead with braces .. high energy and would be nice and active.
Another WL, foreign accent .. skinny. Not my type.

Micha was 3rd and tall, blonde, reasonable boobs and nice curves. Just my type. Booked for an hour.
Toyed with the idea of paying for Amber to join us in the second half .. decided that if I was still up for it after n hour, I will see her separately.

The place is super nice.
Great lounge area with curtained off seats for privacy wile you choose the ladies.
Rooms are massive with a spa in the one I was in. Big beds. Stocked bar for a drink if you are up for it.
Maybe I will go back one day and book 2 hours with Micha for a spa and drink or 2.

So I get led into the room, strip of and take a shower.
Micha has one as well.
Good start.

Onto the bed, I lay down while she starts with light kisses and then moves on to kissing my whole body.
Her body is tight. No loose flabs. I love that smoothness and tightness .. yet not being skinny. A real womans body with curves.

Onto a very very nice CBJ. She knows how to suck this one.
Then on top of me.
She can ride really well and hug me at the same time. Wow, I loved it.
Offers her boobs up to my face, while we ride.
Then onto doggy. I pound her as hard as I can. That ass is shapely and soft. 
Mirror on the wall and I can see that she is enjoying herself.
I don't blow, but get tired after about 15 mins.

Lay down, and she cuddles up to me and kisses my neck while stroking me.
Condom is off now and she is just playing with me.
I revive, she puts another one on and we start again. Her on top slowly grinding.
Faster and faster, and she makes me blow !
Very rare for me to blow with a girl on top, but she achieves this. 
Micha doesn't seems to get tired while on top, so its a great way to relax for the Punter while still having a lot of fun.

Clean up, still have 10 mins left. 
Nice chat.
Smart girl, only works a couple or days mostly Wednesday and Thursday but also some other random days.

No extras. No natural, no Anal.

Premises 9/10
CBJ - 8/10
Sex - 8/10
Body - 8/10
Attitude - 10/10 - can't fault her. Aimed to please and delivered.

Will I be back ? Yes to see Amber and possibly Micha again if I want to be pampered.


Floor: #13
Post Time: 19th December 2017, 02:54 PM
Poster ID: pashon8
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Naomi

Establishment : Gateway Club

Date of Visit : Dec 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 02 9560 8066


Hours of Business : 24 hours

Rates : $220 30 mins

Age : mid 20s

Size/shape : tall and slender

Nationality or Ethnicity : Eastern Europe

Services Provided : CBJ FS

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

So I originally wanted to go to Stiletto to see German Jade. Was introduced in the lineup and was told later that she was already booked as there were 4 guys in front of me.

Plan be was to come back but I drove past Gateway and decided to see who was in the line up. Only lady that took my fancy was Naomi and gave the receptionist my money.

Naomi is a tall, slender stunning Eastern European with long blonde hair and pretty girl next door looks. I don't know what it was but we clicked.

At the business end she was enthusiastic with the CBJ. Then went to ride me cowgirl style and kissing my neck. After a while I got her to lay on her back while I admired her cat walk model like body before getting her feet up in the air for missionary where I kissed her and before I knew it she stuck her tongue in my mouth. YMMV

She was so into it that I didn't make it to a third position. I came hard and she was still grinding away. I left happy I found another great lady at this place since Canadian Rachael and Spanish Zara left.


Floor: #14
Post Time: 9th October 2018, 05:52 PM
Poster ID: Max69Hard2
Post Title: 
 Cristina - The Gateway Club, Petersham
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Cristina

Establishment : The Gateway Club

Date of Visit : 3 Oct 18

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.gatewayclub.com.au/ladies/cristina/

Phone : 9560 8066

Hours of Business : 24hrs

Rates : $220/30, $280/45, $360/60

Age : 26

Size/shape : 8 and fit, b cups

Nationality or Ethnicity : Italian

Services Provided : FS, all covered, DFK

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

Cristina is brand new to the industry, a very pretty Italian, who aside from a few flaws is highly recommended. I'll start with the flaws...
Firstly the rates at Gateway are quite high so a place I don't frequent often, although I was prepared to pay the extra $$ for her.
Bad breath, a turn off whilst DFKing although she is hot so I did put it out of my mind.
Fine hair line running down her back, although she does have a wild Italian side to her, so again I attempted to ignore
Big pussy flaps, whilst I do prefer small lips, they were very nice to chew on and she does have a tight pussy.

Positives...
She works out so has a great toned body. Perky b cups, about a handful. Very pretty face. Girl next door looks who looks closer to 21yo. Very enthusiastic service. She is proud to tell you that she loves her new found profession. She loves her nipples being played with and sucked, in fact she almost came from that alone. She loves playing with herself and putting on a show. Very sexual, multiple positions, enthusiastic and did cum multiple times. Gives excellent head. Loves sucking balls and does a great job of it.

There are some photos on their website of her which do appear to be genuine.

Highly recommended if you are happy to splurge $$


Floor: #15
Post Time: 4th December 2019, 11:02 AM
Poster ID: gurupub
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I don't know why I always let this place disappoint me! Swear I'll never waste my time again, and then get sucked in again. I was going to be really close, so thought I would check out their website, and much to my surprise they now have a roster to view. there was apparently something like 10 girls on. They were doing a daytime special of 30mins for $200.00....seemed too good to be true but I couldn't resist. 

I arrived, and was welcomed in, always forget how strong the smell of cigarettes are in the air. Waited for the line up... 2 girls come in, one was listed on the site as 28, looked closer to 48. The other didn't do it for me. I asked if anyone else was going to be finishing another booking, or starting a shift soon. Was told they are the only 2 girls there right now. I asked why the web site had so many listed, and she replied "oh, yeah gotta update that!" 

2 or 3 girls difference I get, I know they all pad the roster and embellish the descriptions to get more people in, but that is down right lies.

Once I ask if anyone is starting later, I get the attitude, so I walk.. I hate walking. But wasn't going to pay $200 for what I would get for $80 at the Asian place up the road. 

Serves me right for going back, after saying never again. 

It is sad, as I always thought this place has soo much potential, The venue is nice (could do without the cigarettes smell), with stiletto and bodyrotic in the area, but upping their prices to a much higher level, gateway has the potential to be like liasions, and have a great level of girl at a lower price this side of the city, I am sure they would do well, with a bit of effort.


Thread Title: The Gateway Club - 474 Parramatta Rd, Petersham - 02 9560 8066
Floor: #16
Post Time: 21st April 2020, 02:19 PM
Poster ID: Johnsmith2112
Post Title: 
 Gateway Club Sydney 0295608066
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Armani

Establishment : Gateway Club

Date of Visit : 2/18/2020

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.gatewayclub.com.au/
474 Paramatta Rd, Petersham NSW

Phone : 02 9560 8066

Hours of Business : 24 Hours

Rates : $360

Age : 28

Size/shape : Slim B Cup

Nationality or Ethnicity : Italian

Services Provided : CFS / CBJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : A couple months ago, I went into Gateway Club and had the good fortune to get paired with Armani. Great body and great personality. The session was mostly great until the end. I kind of felt like she lost interest and was ready for it to be over.  I'd say it was still worth it because she is so attractive. It's expensive but you only live once right?


