Thread Title: After Glow Massage - Tweed Heads - 0438 573 677
Floor: #1
Post Time: 2nd December 2019, 07:53 PM
Poster ID: Sanchez
Post Title: 
 After Glow Massage - Tweed Heads - 0438 573 677
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Brooke

Establishment : Afterglow

Date of Visit : November 22 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://qld.locanto.com.au/ID_307028...Afterglow.html

Phone : 0438573677

Hours of Business : 9 am to 9pm 7 days

Rates : $200/hour

Age : Mid 40's

Size/shape : 5'8" Milf shape

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : RnT, Body Slide, Pussy rubbing, CBJ, Daty & Prostate massage

Value for money/recommend? : Yes, she is amazing and a lovely women and personality

My experience/comments : I was in Coolongatta and was feeling a little edgy, their is not a lot of entertainment apart from a brothel, a few privates on E & B and this place. I walked down and went to the discreet entry to the establishment and I was greeted straight away with a lovely smile from Brooke and was taken through the clean and nicely decorated foyer, the owner who is cute and also formly worked their asked if I was interested in Brooke. Answer was offcourse and Brooke escorted into one of the rooms which had the projector showing the ocean onto the wall and some modern relaxation music playing. She explained the rates services and I choose the $200 for an hour plus her GFE for $150 worth it. Firstly, big kiss from Brooke, lovely DFK and I go have a shower and Brooke turns on the water and leaves to go into the room and setup. Once I am in the room more kissing and touching, Brooke takes my towel and get's out of her bra and panties, wow what a nice MILF body I am getting very hard, but on the table, thank god it has a hole for your dick. Face down and then the massage starts its really nice and relaxing for 5 mins as she just rubs me all over.

The room has a mirror and i am seeing this glorius women and work. she then oils me up and jumps on for a body slide, i can feel her lovely tits and warm pussy rubbing all over me, she does plenty of kissing my neck and sucking on my ear, plus grabing my dick and giving it slow pulls. this goes on for 15 or so and then its time to flips over and she massages my chest, legs and gives me plenty of kissing, as she gets on the bed she grabs my hand and puts it on her pussy she wants some rubbing and fingering, she is very responsive and getting wet.

So on the bed she gets, and starts sliding on my and grabs my cock and lets it slide between her pussy lips, i was not sure what was happening if she was into bareback but no, she then moves up and puts her pussy on my face and i give her a lovely rub and licking out, she really likes it and is getting juicy and its lovely, she tastes great. she then says my turn so on with the condom and she 69's me and gives me a lovely long and slow BJ while i play more with her pussy and kiss it. She then gets up again and some more sliding between her pussy lips and butt cheeks, its great she keeps kissing me. No pentration i was wishing for it, but then takes the condom off as its dry and asks for me to lie down, more body sliding and grabing my cock. 

She asks if i want to finish with a protrate masage, i say why not, so she grabs a glove and lube and begins, really nice fingering and getting me nice and relaxed, she is into it and so i am funny enough, i can feel her getting in and i feel preasure and begin shaking as wow its a pleasurable feeling, i blow all over the floor which has a towel on it, Brooke then gets rid of the glove and gets a warm wash towel and wipes me down, she then gives me a nice 10-15 minute light massage, tickle, very soothing, wow I am relaxed.

So we are finished and off to the shower togther we keep kissing and touching each other and give each other a nice wash and talk, back to the room and gets dressed a little more kissing, and we walk out, another kiss and cuddle. I am happy I look at the time and i have been their about 2 and a bit hours. I was like WTF thankgod. Best 350 i have spent in a while. Amazing afternoon and what an awesome lady!


