Thread Title: Gold Coast Establishment Action
Floor: #1
Post Time: 2nd February 2014, 02:16 PM
Poster ID: andraye
Post Title: 
 Gold Coast Establishment Action
				
Post Content: 
A trip report from a recent trip to the GC: after reviewing the threads on the GC, I decided that it was safest for me to just check out the establishments, and not venture into private territory. i did exchange messages with Katy (massage to FS chick in her 40s), but after thinking about it, thought it a better strategy to just be able to rock up and see what is on. This strategy worked for me, and though I would like to have seen a few of the privates (particularly Pay for Play's), it was just too difficult to line up. First off, many of these privates are transient, and after two months they have moved on. Secondly, with some of the horror stories i have heard from you other guys, I didn't want to risk ruining an otherwise nice trip.

So after a few days of business, and looking at a lot of GC hotties, I was more than horny and ready to check things out. I visited three places; Pentagon Grand, Utopia and Silks. I have posted reviews for all places in the appropriate areas. First off, one must really watch their backs for the "extras" in these places, because they are rampant. I would say even more than in Sydney. The Pentagon Grand had one gal walk in, blonde with a great bubble ass, but the first thing out of her mouth was "100 extra for the GFE". Bye, see ya, you can sit on the sidelines while another chick makes a dollar. I did pay an extra $50 for a natural blowie at Silks, but it was worth it. The Silks girls wont hit you up until after you choose them and pay. So, the next time, probably better to get it all out on the table in the intro. Utopia had one chick with the nerve to say that she charges extra for kissing her body. Needless to say my attention went elsewhere once she spat that out.

Out of the three places visited, Pentagon Grand actually had the best reception staff. They were helpful on the phone, and were courteous in the intros. The place is not a bad building, located in an industrial area of Nerang. The only gripe that I had was that I asked about a naturally busty gal with a small frame, and they sold me Morgan. When I got there, Morgan was a size 8 with bolt ons, so not as advertised. The Receptionist at Silks was a bitch. The place is ok, a bit dark, but not too bad. Utopia's receptionist was a bitch as well. Why don't they get that this is the service industry. The room at Utopia was actually quite nice, and huge, with a spa. It looked like it had been re done recently, including new ceramic tile, etc.

The lineups are a mixed bag. I was really on the lookout for 1. huge natural tits, as always, then 2. native QLD surfer type girls who were younger  than 25. I was inspired by what I was looking at in the days leading up to my two day excursion.

The bottom line for me, and what was learned is: If you want an all safe experience without paying for extras with a nice young girl, it can be achieved, so long as you ask the right questions at intro. If you want extras, be specific and negotiate right away. 

I actually had a great three punts, and kind of regressed back to my early punting days, where I would just get naked with a cool chick, get a cbj and have sex in a couple of positions and still have fun. I think sometimes now we get so caught up into who is going to bb, let us do Daty, who is going to squirt, etc. Sometimes just bumpin and getting sweaty while naked with a girl half your age is enough. Hope that helps.


