Thread Title: Silks On Upton - 44 Upton St, Bundall QLD - 07 5538 2088
Floor: #1
Post Time: 20th January 2013, 12:13 PM
Poster ID: Thegreatonetwo
Post Title: 
 Silks On Upton - 44 Upton St, Bundall QLD - 07 5538 2088
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Mercedes

Establishment : Silks on upton

Date of Visit : 18/12/12

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 44 upton st bundall

Hours of Business : 10am - late

Rates : $220 per hour

Age : 35-40

Size/shape : slim size 8

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian 

Services Provided : FS

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : So I was up on the Gold Coast for work early December and had a night spare so decided to try somewhere different one evening, so decided to walk up upton street bundall. Walked Into silks on upton and was told there were two lady's on, first one came out and was just not my type at all not did she make any effort. 

Second lady comes out and is a lot more friendly, brunette Aussie woman with a pretty fit body. I pick her for an hour and its off to the room. 
After a shower she is back, explains the deal with extras etc ( which after reading other reviews I was expecting) so paid another 100 for the gfe (kissing/daty etc)

Down to business and she is a very friendly and accommodating, quite good cbj and a little vocal during sex. 

Now upto this point it was all going well, however after round one was over after about 35 mins, she jumped in the shower, then offered me one to freshen up, which I thought may be just to clean up a bit for a quick round two, but while I was in the shower she starts remaking the bed etc then when I hop out she simply offers me a massage and that was it till time ran out. To me this was a bit annoying after paying for extras etc but I just let it slide. 

Overall nice girl, pretty good time however just annoyed with qld parlours in general with this sort of one pop deal.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 2nd February 2014, 02:56 PM
Poster ID: andraye
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Miami

Establishment : Silks

Date of Visit : late January, 2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 44 upton st bundall

Hours of Business : 10am - late

Rates : $160 half hr/ + $50 natural blowie

Age : 33

Size/shape : size 14, awesome EE naturals that are firm and tan with nice nipples, ok body but not very shapely

Nationality or Ethnicity : Gold Coast native

Services Provided : titfuck, bbbj, sex

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : Met Miami in the intro, and decided to book right away, as she had the best natural tits that I had seen on my trip thus far. It didn't matter what anything else looked like. She was also a pretty cool chick in the intro. I almost booked Victoria, a more mature but sophisticated looking tall blonde with big natural tits, but Miami's tits were just milk shaking, and I had to be there. If anyone has seen Victoria, please report.

Into the room, and Miami outlines that extras are titfuck, kissing, bbbj and COB/COTits for $50. I had to take her up on it. Miami is plus size, and has recently lost some weight. She initially comes off as a bit biker chick, but she really is not. She only really has one prominent tattoo on her arm. Her tits are really nice, very fat and meaty and firm, and tanned. She has blonde hair that is pulled back. I take her up on her extra offer, because I did want to come on those big tits. She proceeded to lean into me, and I feasted on those tits for a good ten minutes, squeezing and sucking her nipples. She was very responsive and actually said that she likes her tits being sucked. This had me rock hard and throbbing, and soon I was pushing her down for a nice bbbj. She was really good at it, and it was really light and soft. I would have come right away if she would have used her hand as well. The only drawback from the bj was that it was one speed the whole time. It still felt really good, and I will say as good as what i have gotten at AH or Riverwood, even with the mono motion. I soon had her on the bed for missionary, and I fucked her for a long time, while sucking those big tits. She also got on top and rode me, again ,those huge tits just there to be fondled and sucked. I then told her that I wanted her to suck me off. She happily obliged. At one point, I was getting really close and asked if I could cum in her mouth. She refused, but said that I could come on her tits. I was at the point of no return and stroked all over those huge tits, also overlapping her shoulder and neck with jizz. 

I enjoyed the session with her. Really nice girl too. If you like huge naturals and don't care about the body, she is your girl. She would have blew my mind though if only she would have swallowed.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 21st November 2017, 11:11 PM
Poster ID: ILovePros
Post Title: 
 2 Girl Double
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : (2 girls) Callie & Mishayla

Establishment : Silks on Upton

Date of Visit : 8 Oct 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Tel: 07 5538 2088 / 44 Upton St, Bundall QLD 4217 (Gold Coast) / Monday Night - Gold Coast Brothel - Silks On Upton

Hours of Business : Mon-Thu: 10:30am - 6am, Fri-Sun 24hrs

Rates : $400 for Doubles + $200 in negotiated extras (I think it was for 1 hour but website is quoting that rate for 45mins)

Age : 25-35

Size/shape : Slim to Medium (but hot)

Nationality or Ethnicity : Caucasian

Services Provided : Both girls provided the following; PSE, Kissing on lips, Blowjob (covered) whilst SOMF (without oral dam), RCG whilst SOMF, doggie, Mish, dirty talk, Handjob to climax etc

Value for money/recommend? : Yes/Yes highly recommended. Make sure you call first to arrange willing providers who are in to doubles.

I was feeling a bit amorous one day and whilst I was having my shower I thought I would tick another thing off my bucket list and give a double (two girls) a try. I'd been a regular at a number of Gold Coast brothels over the years so I decided to give Silks on Upton at Bundall a try.
I rang ahead firstly to make sure there were 2 girls there who would be prepared to do and I did have to wait a short while (about 1hr) before a girl who was willing to do it came on shift but I waited at home. 
I was a little apprehensive and worried that it might be a waste of money especially if they were duds but when I arrived but after meeting Callie & Mishayla these hotties quickly put my mind at ease.
It was everything I ever dreamed of and more. One sitting on my face whilst the other sucked my cock and then rode me and swapped. Both were happy to accomodate any position or variation. They were both great with the dirty talk and made me feel like I was a porn star and made me feel like they were genuinely hungry for my cock and to be fucked.
If I could give 20/10 I would. It was only going to be a once off fantasy thing for me but after tonight's experience I would love to do it again....
The only downside was the cost for 1 hour all up was $609 ($9 credit card fee) but it was worth it. Both girls were very professional and accomodating. Can't recommend them highly enough.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 23rd May 2018, 03:29 PM
Poster ID: andraye
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Shanti

Establishment : Silks

Date of Visit : May 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 44 upton st bundall

Hours of Business : 10am - late

Rates : $140 hh daytime

Age : mid 30s

Size/shape : blonde and tan size 10, looks slim and tall, fake c cup boobs, Mum marks

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : cbj, fs

Value for money/recommend? : I wont repeat

My experience/comments :

Shanti has a pic on the Silks site, and it is accurate. She comes into the intro looking very elegant and statuesque; very well dressed and a pretty face. 

Negative is that she is up selling right out of the gate. In the intro, before the shower, after the shower. Not obvious but more subtle, yet I know its a pitch. I decline all extras. She offers a massage. I decline that too. She undresses, and I was actually disappointed. She has nice legs and a fairly nice and jiggle arse, but the boob job is not good and she has mid section marks from childbirth. Totally different out of her clothes than in them. She starts with a cbj; its actually pretty good, as she does a good job and does have a pretty face. From there, she rides me cowgirl, which is ok. I then get her in doggy, and she has a bit of an odour once into that position. It wasnt foul, but more like peculiar. Like vinegar or something. Anyway, it wasnt pleasant, but bearable enough for me to stick it in and get her arse jiggling a bit. Not bad in doggy, and she does have nice legs. She is pretty much going through the motions and going to work without selling It. I finally blow in doggy. Just a lacklustre session, but not a total loss at $140 hh. She is actually really nice to talk to, seems pretty cluey and smart. However,  the experience for me was meh. Would not repeat.


