Thread Title: 147 Ramsay Rd, Haberfield - 02 8540 1676
Floor: #1
Post Time: 22nd March 2015, 11:28 AM
Poster ID: SeaRay
Post Title: 
 147 Ramsay Rd, Haberfield - 02 8540 1676
				
Post Content: 
A new Chinese Relaxation Massage shop has just opened above the THAI Restaurant at 147 Ramsay Road Haberfield (opposite PAPA's) as they advertise in the Telegraph with the more mature RnT at 153a Wellington Rd Sefton that does provide the more mature Asian Lady who doesn't mind playing with Men' cocks, one may suspect a simular service here, The SeaRay did use the excuse of popping over the well known Lamonica's IGA Deli to buy some Smallgoods and test drive this joint but the door was locked the their phone rang out. (maybe they were all out having a nice Italian Pastry & a Coffee)


Floor: #2
Post Time: 22nd March 2015, 12:04 PM
Poster ID: sydneyguy20122
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by SeaRay


 The SeaRay did use the excuse of popping over the well known Lamonica's IGA Deli to buy some Smallgoods and test drive this joint
"""



is that fusion cooking or fusion punting ?


Floor: #3
Post Time: 25th March 2015, 05:56 PM
Poster ID: SeaRay
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Seen as I did the first but untested post on this new RnT, I had to try them out Yesterday. It has only two (2) rooms which used to be an old Flat above the THAI Restaurant, It has walls to the roof and doors that shut & lock. The Chinese Lass who rubbed my Back and pulled my Prick whilst she was fully NUDE ($50 extra for the nude HJ) had a great set of Areolas and a very wet hairy Cunt said she was 30 but she does have a 10 year child in China so I recon she was about 35... as she only works one day a week I didn't bother with her name..... if one is in Haberfield and you are looking for a RnT then a good Coffee & an Italian Pastry then it is just OK but I would not recommend driving out of your way to go here....The SeaRay


Floor: #4
Post Time: 28th January 2017, 12:42 AM
Poster ID: bsmith88888
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Wendy

Establishment : HK No. 1 Massage

Date of Visit : 27/01/2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0416588399 / 0285401676, 147 Ramsay St, Haberfield, Cracker Ad

Hours of Business : 10am-8pm

Rates : $130 p/h

Age : 25 on Cracker, I believe late 30's, early 40

Size/shape : 170cm tall, curvy, saggy breast and tummy, average look

Nationality or Ethnicity : HK Chinese

Services Provided : Massage, HJ

Value for money/recommend? : No

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

I have been paying attention to their cracker ad - which provided roster of the masseuse, profile and also pictures - they were enticing and so when opportunity presented, made a booking. Arrived onsite and up sell into the $130 offering, which include half massage/ half sensual with body slide, etc. Was shown Wendy, and its not her in the picture (or very old picture), also very much older - add 10-15 years - disappointed, however as I was already here thought I would give it a punt

Her English is limited and she is not interested in talking - so I am loosing interest quickly - however massage was good. Soon time for sensual part, and very mechanical tease, body slide average. Time for the flip and not much better, breast were fake and not very well done - little saggy and lumpy. She still had undies on and didn't really care if they stayed on. Starts a very clinical HJ, and after a few minutes - I said that was enough and was happy to leave. She asked, if I wanted to touch her - pointing to her undies, however was over it - so declined. She said there was time left, so she puts clothes on and massages till the hour was up

Very poor experience, so definitely a will not return for me -  however, one of the things I had to cross off. Most disappointing is taking the effort to advertise their roster, with profiles, pics and then being that off once I turned up


Floor: #5
Post Time: 3rd February 2017, 01:38 AM
Poster ID: Sydneyguy12
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Anna

Establishment : HK No. 1 Massage

Date of Visit : 18/01/2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0416588399 / 0285401676, 147 Ramsay St, Haberfield, Cracker Ad

Hours of Business : 10am-8pm

Rates : They have 2 sets of rates. $35 1/2 hr $60 hr for relation mssage
$130 p/h for "special massage" they also do doubles for each type.

Age : 22 on Cracker closer to 30

Size/shape : Firm, fit attractive body nice small tits 

Nationality or Ethnicity : HK Chinese

Services Provided : Massage, HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

I wanted a massage after work so I tried this place. Easy to get to with a side entrance. Went in and asked for a massage and they offered 2 types. One was a standard massage where you obviously have to pay extra at the end and they special massage is a nude body to body.
I opted for the latter.
Enter Anna, a cute little Chinese girl who is quiet and shy. She began on my back and it was just your standard massage with her top off. She is actually really good and I nodded off once or twice.

Then came the rollover. She oiled me up and slid her tight body all over me. She licked my navel and nipple and licked and sucked my ears. I sucked on her tits every time they were close enough. The whole time she was teasing my cock as well as playing with my balls and asshole. When it was obviously time for the big finale the spread my legs and kneeled/lay between them she gently pulled my cock as she put my balls in her mouth. She licked up the length of my shaft once or twice but I couldn't get her to take the whole thing. As I cum she rubs it all over her chest and tummy. 
We didn't talk much but we both broke out in laughter at that moment.

Overall a good experience and I'd like to go back at some point


Floor: #6
Post Time: 11th May 2017, 11:34 AM
Poster ID: viencero
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Angel

Establishment : HK No. 1 Massage

Date of Visit : 9/04/2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0416588399 / 0285401676, 147 Ramsay St, Haberfield, Cracker Ad

Hours of Business : 10am-8pm

Rates : $60/hr

Age : 22 

Size/shape : Short, tiny, slim, aptly shaped body 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Massage, HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

A late review as i have been on holidays since easter. I went to this shop without prior bookings and had no idea who was working there. I was trying my luck really. I arrived and Angel answered the door and my first thought was she is cute and hoped she'd be my masseuse. She led me to waiting room and sat me down. At that point i thought she was doing only reception work. However after a few minutes she told me to follow her and she'd be massaging me. Excellent, the session gets better.

She proceeded with part 1 and with her stature, i have no idea where she gets the strength but she is bloody good at it. I was all relaxed. Mixed in between the strong pushes and prods, she will occasionally put in a soft rub or tickle. I'm loving it at this stage. She'll also run her finger just outside your crack too but not fully in or prostate massage. I might ask her next time. I'm loving it.

After part 1, she get some hot towels to wipe down the oil. Next she'll do the tickle tackle, sensual massage, rubbing outside butt crack, running her fingers under your balls, sliding her hands between thigh crack. I wish just booked hours with her. I could just have this feeling forever.

Turn over time, she allows touching everywhere and she gives a nice and slow HJ. I've thoroughly enjoyed my session.

The only thing i don't like is the walls don't go to the ceiling, so you can hear everything going on next door. Apparently there is a fully private room. Also, they don't use disposable table covers and i didn't see her change the sheet. Luckily i brought my own though. FS maybe on offer at this place because as i said you can hear everything. I heard a lot of skin slapping sound going on and it definitely ain't the oil.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 9th February 2018, 06:07 PM
Poster ID: unclepj
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Mimi

Establishment : HK No 1 Massage

Date of Visit : 09/02/18

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : ?????New SEXY Korean Girl FULL Body Oil/Prostate Massage ??? ???? ???? ???? ???????? - Sydney body rubs - cracker.com.au

Hours of Business : Ring

Rates : 100 / 45 Korean Massage + $40 BBBJ COF

Age : 25ish

Size/shape : 8 with 34D cups

Nationality or Ethnicity : Korean

Services Provided : Prostate Massage, Nude B2B BBBJ, FIV

Value for money/recommend? : Yep Pretty Good

Was coming out of city and wanted to try  a new shop. The prospect of a good prostate massage was intresting
Shop is 2nd floor and entrance in side street if you are looking. Entrance of the street and up a flight of worn stairs.
Mimi opens the door and looks exactly like the picture including the Tartan skirt and white halter top that shows plenty of side boob
Negotiate the 45 min Korean to $100 and into the room. Very hot so fan is turned on while she leaves me to get on the table

On Mimi's return she proceeds to get the sanitizer and clean my crack. Ouch that stings.
A very good back and shoulders massage follows for 20 minutes and she gets closer to the crack to commence the prostate massage with lots of oil so her hands slide down the crack through my thighs and around my balls to finish around my very very hard cock. Mimi is great at this and apart from TS Hen this is the best I have ever had like this. Im on my knees so she has better access and am so close to cumming.
Mimi stops and undoes her halter top letting a great pair of D cups out. Lungor you would love them. Petite waist and these awesome boobs with very long pencil nipples. Tasted divine also
Tartan skirt landed at her ankles and she stepped out kicking it to the sofa
She pushed me onto my back again and started B2B which was OK until turn over time. Mimi started B2B on my chest by being across me with as she knelt on the table with her cute butt in the air and her pussy out back for the taking. Slowly slid my index finger in with no resistance from her. I started to finger fuck her quite strongly for a few minutes and as she had been turned on already she came quite fast and stopped the B2B.
Standing alongside the table Mimi says in bad english "Suck" and points to her mouth. No Condom $50. I offer $30 and we settle on $40. She has a great tiny mouth and knows how to suck. Finger back into her pussy and one into the sphincter.
Mimi sensed I was close to finish and pulled back a little in time for me to finish on her face.

That was fun and she gave me a quick leg massage before hot towel dressed and out

Really great service by a cutey that would probably let you go further the next visit.
Its a bit out of the way for me but when I travel past next time I'll go for a visit

Unc


Floor: #8
Post Time: 18th July 2018, 09:53 PM
Poster ID: dpsdvmh6
Post Title: 
 Lulu- what a pleasant surprise!
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lulu

Establishment : HK No 1 Massage

Date of Visit : 18/07/18

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 147 Ramsay Rd, Haberfield - no website 

Phone : 02 8540 1676

Hours of Business : 10am-8pm

Rates : 30min/$35

Age : Late 40s/early 50s

Size/shape : Petite; t&a of a 25 yo! Slightly soft belly

Nationality or Ethnicity : MLC

Services Provided : Massage + CBJ + FS (YMMV!)

Value for money/recommend? : Surprisingly, yes!

My experience/comments : Have driven past here on numerous occasions after dinner in Haberfield, made a mental note to drop in if I was ever in the area during the day. Buzzed the bell at the top of the stairs at 10:30, and waited 30secs...great, must be busy already 

Who I thought was the mamasan opened the door..."Hello handsome boy!". She was all rugged up in a cardigan and leggings, and ushered me into what must've been the private room- plenty of space, no cubicle business here. I asked for 30mins and slipped her an extra $50, thinking she would intro me to who was on. 

She returned several minutes later with the change- "Who is on today?", I ask. "Oh, you OK with me honey?" Never say no to adventure, I've been telling myself. Let me paint you a picture. Besides the cardigan and the leggings, she also had sneakers on and her face, whilst pleasant enough, screamed librarian, and not the naughty ones we've been jacking off to for years...she began stripping down, and imagine my surprise when this revealed a body that most 25yos would be proud of- perky B cup tits, no hail damage on her thighs and a rock-hard butt- yes, I had to check. Only her slightly soft belly betrays her age. 

We made some small talk and exchanged names; her English is decent and she's definitely a flirt. This then segued into a slightly aimless, soft massage. I had to give Lulu some guidance, and it seems she has only been doing this for several months- I am already chalking this up as a forgettable write-off of a punt- a half-arsed HJ is my best hope...

Suddenly, I hear the unmistakable rustle of a condom wrapper and Lulu asks me to fuck her. Holy sh!t, I didn't see that coming- I was only at half mast, so I asked her to place her mouth on me- a sensational (for a CBJ) BJ followed for the next five minutes, and by this stage my faith in the punting process was restored. "Fuck me now", she grunted. Yes m'am! I proceeded to push into her in a number of positions, and was amazed by her range of dirty talk. I flipped onto my back to finish up, and she attempted some light prostate play before I sprayed everywhere. I then tipped her another $10, and stumbled out.

I am conflicted by what took place today- I wouldn't have looked twice at Lulu on the street, especially in the get-up she was wearing. There was a moment when my heart sank and I thought I may have drawn the mamasan lucky door prize. Instead, I got a flirty mature lady with a great body who fks a lot harder than most gals half her age. Gents, we're dealing with a sleeper here. Once again, YMMV and have fun! Lulu works Wednesdays only.


