Thread Title: 238 Massage -  Enfield - 0405 320 602
Floor: #1
Post Time: 27th November 2019, 12:34 PM
Poster ID: firstclassass
Post Title: 
 238 Massage -  Enfield - 0405 320 602
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name :   Jenny

Establishment :    238 Massage Enfield

Date of Visit :     19/11/2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :   238 Liverpool Road  Enfield

Phone :     ?

Hours of Business :   10am - 7.30pm

Rates :     $40/30min  $50/45min  $60/60min

Age :       30 +

Size/shape :    Medium, very slight tummy,  b/c cup

Nationality or Ethnicity :   Chinese

Services Provided :     Massage. NHJ, BJ

Value for money/recommend? :   Yes

My experience/comments : 

It had been a while since I'd seen any action, so thought I'd head to Enfield  as I knew of 2 shops which offered extras.  As I drove along I noticed a shop with massage signage, which looked very  likely to be a RNT  so thought I'd  give it a go.  The address is 238  Liverpool road  and is(obviously) between 176  and 318.  Signs on facia say 238 Massage Enfield, the phone number displayed  is from a previous occupier, and as I took pot luck, I don't have a phone number.

Went to the door and opened it, not locked, and a youngish asian lady came out to greet me.  I said I wanted a massage and she took me to the first room on the left.  There are at least 2 rooms, both with lockable doors, but not floor to ceiling.  She left me, and shortly after another lady entered, said her name was Jenny  and asked how long I wanted.  As it was a new place I opted for 30 minutes. She took the cash and left me to get undressed.

When she returned, she began the massage, which was actually quite acceptable.  She was wearing a short dress which just came below her pubes and ass, so when she stood at  the head of the table her pussy ( behind panties) was in my face.  After doing back and legs she started some tackle tickle and feathery touches  and on the turn around asked if I wanted a HJ.  I asked how much for nude and she said $50, which is pretty much the rate these days, so didn't argue.  Initially I took Jenny for late 20's but on closer inspection I would say late 30's possibly even 40.  She has dark hair which was tied up  and her figure was curvy, but definitely not fat. Probably C cup boobs.

She stripped off and started the HJ which was moving along quite nicely, so I suggested a BJ, for which she wanted an extra $20. Agreed and she began a BBBJ which got me even more charged  up so I requested she lay down and give her some DATY, and soon she began moaning and writhing and she shuddered  to presumably an orgasm. We then moved into a body slide  and  more HJ on me  and little boy downstairs soon had a smile on his face.

Jenny told me she works there on Tuesdays only.   It was only a one off visit, but my experience suggests this fits in well with the other RNT's  in the area.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 28th November 2019, 09:22 PM
Poster ID: potluck
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I don't know if I'm allowed to post my experience but here goes, I was doing the rounds on Liverpool rd Enfield one day and decided to walk into 238 on a Sunday morning a couple of months ago. Some 50+ beastly woman with a hoarse voice greeted me and asked me if I wanted a massage, I said yes. Then I went into the room and she followed me in, I asked her 'where's the girls?' she said 'I give you massage' with this evil smile with crooked stained teeth. I noped the fuck out of there straight away. She asked me as I was walking out 'what's wrong with me give you massage' and I replied 'I came here looking for young girls' apologetically before closing the front door behind me. Maybe something came of that and you were able to get Jenny. I'll have to try again at 238.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 29th November 2019, 08:31 AM
Poster ID: firstclassass
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
The lady that greeted me and Jenny were not ravishing beauties but, to me ,looked better than average for this type of establishment.  Maybe I was lucky?


Floor: #4
Post Time: 29th November 2019, 12:35 PM
Poster ID: Stroke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
https://enfieldmassage.business.site/.   Phone number added to heading.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 30th November 2019, 05:54 AM
Poster ID: SeaRay
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
The SeaRay visited this RnT last week after driving and parking in front. Firstly they didn't answer the phone so I knocked on the door and a Chinese M.L. I would say was 45 opened it and let me in, her English was not the best and after stripping and showing her my nice clean cut and shaven doodle, had a fiddle with my piddle whilst I inserted a finger in her cunt as she was jerking me off … this is just you average Chinese RnT and watch the Clearway at 3pm


Floor: #6
Post Time: 13th February 2020, 03:54 PM
Poster ID: firstclassass
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name :     Nana

Establishment :     238 Massage, Enfield

Date of Visit :      28/01/2020

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :   238 Liverpool Road, Enfield

Phone :     I think the phone number  given is for 176 and not 238.

Hours of Business :  10am - 7.30pm

Rates :     $40/30min $50/45min  $60/60min

Age :       about 40

Size/shape :   Medium height, reasonably solid but not fat

Nationality or Ethnicity :    Chinese

Services Provided :      Massage.  Nude HJ

Value for money/recommend? :    Just about

My experience/comments :       After my reasonably positive experience with Jenny as  described above, and with some time on my hands, just turned up  at 238  to see what was available.
   Opened the entrance door, which was not looked  and greeted by a mature Chinese lady, fairly well built  wearing a black dress which stopped well above the knees.  
   I asked about a massage and she showed me into the first room  and asked how long, I decided on 30 mins  and she took the cash and left me to strip.

  She returned, asked how I wanted massage (medium usually suits me)  and started  giving me quite a good massage.  When she massaged my arms she stuck my hand between her thighs up against her crotch, so  it seemed  the usual would be on offer. After a while she began the tickle tackle  and  then suggested I flip  and we negotiated a nude HJ.  She stripped to reveal on OK body for her age (probably about 40, maybe a tad older)  just a hint of flab around the stomach area.   She  got to work  on  junior  but somehow it just didn't click, not really  her fault, I require something to be a little more sensual to get things  moving these  days. Eventually reached  completion with perseverance.  Cost was $50  which seems pretty standard for nude HJ.
Just about OK but not  anywhere near as good as my encounter with Jenny.


