Thread Title: 86 Tennyson Rd, MORTLAKE (Breakfast Point) - 0416 584 434
Floor: #1
Post Time: 16th October 2014, 05:35 PM
Poster ID: SeaRay
Post Title: 
 86 Tennyson Rd, MORTLAKE (Breakfast Point) - 0416 584 434
				
Post Content: 
A new Chinese RnT has opened at 86 Tennyson Rd MORTLAKE (Breakfast Point) # 0416584434 within the last 2 weeks in a new apartment building. It's the usual 2 room, dunny out the back, walls to the roof and doors that shut and lock, the 2 young M.L.C. Massage Wankers had on matching ivory coloured dresses with zippers on the back to easy remove, they charge the usual $60 p/h plus $50 for a fully nude B2B / Wank... the young Lass I had also works at Meadowbank so when she told me that I knew the package was $110 for a rub and nude tug.....SeaRay


Floor: #2
Post Time: 30th November 2014, 10:51 AM
Poster ID: maty
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Date of Visit : November 2014

Contact Details :0416584434

Address :86 Tennyson Rd MORTLAKE (Breakfast Point)

Hours of Business : 10- 7

Rates : $60/60mins HJ:$20, didn't ask about other rates as I wanted an hr of massage only

Age : 40's 

Size/shape : 10 , 

Nationality or Ethnicity : chinese

Services Provided : massage + HJ

Value for money/recommend? : I've had better massages and HJ's. Ticked the box for something new I guess

My experience/comments :

Feeling sore and restless and hot- it was on the day where it was 40 degrees I rang to enquire for a 1hr massage and was quoted $60 for the hour. I didnt get her name but she said she was the only person working today but normally there are 2 ladies. It's a new establishment so everything is new and spacious. Rooms are all solid and private with doors, air conditioning and a sink basin.

So we get into the room and she confirms an hr is $60 and asks me to take my clothes off and walks out. It was to hot to actually get excited so I left my undies on and when she came back she asked me to take my undies off as she will do "buttocks" massage. Sounded good so off they went. Usual back, legs, arms, neck and hands but she didn't touch the feet. I love a good foot massage of late, would  love to know a good foot massage if anyone knows of one. I am looking for the foot fucking master as Jules in Pulp Fiction would say.

Massage was ok, you can tell if a person is trained or has been practicing the craft for a while and I would say yes to that. Anyway was asked to flip over and she did the legs, arms and face- then was asked if I wanted a hand job for $20. Sure why not. She said I could touch so let the hands wandered up the skirt, went for finger penetration and then them heard  "no not inside". I had to help myself eventually and popped a couple of shots off over the floor. Look out for the stains on the carpet in room number 1. Got dressed, thanked her and back into the 40 degree heat on the way home.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 25th January 2015, 05:17 PM
Poster ID: mmmatt20
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Date of Visit : Sunday January 2015

Contact Details :0416584434

Address :86 Tennyson Rd MORTLAKE (Breakfast Point)

Hours of Business : 10- 7

Rates : $60/60mins HJ = $20

Name: Mimi

Age : late 40's at least

Size/shape : 10

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Massage + clother HJ

Value for money/recommend? : really depends, if the location is easy for you (not that accessible) then yes, otherwise not particularly special

My experience/comments :
Seen lots of ads for this place and decided to walk in and have a go.
Not sure if this place will last or not. It is on the ground floor as a commercial building of a reasonably new apartment block. Maybe it will remain above board though 
Geographically Breakfast point is not the easiest to get to, ATM's generally are a few k's away some come with cash already.

Walked in and Mimi was the only one of two available. Their online roster is useless (as some are). Doorbell at the front, and if no-one is at reception it as an awkward wait at the front hoping no residents come in and out of the main door next door and see you waiting.

It is a clean, new building with hand basins in the room I was in. Artificial ceiling high walls and good airconditioning. Mimi provided a pretty reasonable medium massage after asking for a hard one, not much teasing. She offered nude but I was not interested in the extra spend as she was not really my type. Got to feel over her dress though.
On the flip I got a really good HJ with lots of manipulation, the only down side was tonnes of oil!

Would I return? I would call before and get a good idea of who is available. The setup is quite nice but not worth the journey for the risk for me. The ML was very courteous, another punter arrived during my stay which she unfortunately had to leave for to open the door, but she guided him to the back into a waiting room so we would not cross paths as I exited out the front 15mins later.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 1st January 2017, 07:55 PM
Poster ID: Nirvana
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Name: Coco
Date of Visit : 23/12/2016

Contact Details :0416584434

Address :86 Tennyson Rd MORTLAKE (Breakfast Point)

Hours of Business : 10- 7

Rates : $60/60mins Extras 50

Age : 20's 

Size/shape : 8 , 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Not sure was going to look it up 

Services Provided : massage + HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Ok

My experience/comments: 

Arrived outside and called to see if anyone was free. Decided to check this place out as it was on the way home from work and cracker ads were appealing.

Told yes but in 10 mins. Waited and then went in. Still busy and waited on lounge chairs. Along came another punter and sat next to me and then when my ML was finished, she ushered her client out past us both, so bad score for the discreet mark.
The ML assigned, works there (worked) on the Friday – not on the roster the following week.

Massage was ok worked mostly from the head of the table and legs from well away. Not a great sign.

Part 1 was competent had some technique and when doing legs went close but no TT. On flip was asked the question and agreed to the $50, quite a nice body, young and b cups. Her technique was quite good which is why the punt rated an OK. She was not keen on any touching of her and even scored a playful slap on the thigh as I explored the pubic region (shaved). Tried to touch the nipples but she moved away slightly. Was allowed to stroke the back of the legs and bum.
Luckily her technique was good as often when not allowed to touch it takes an effort to finish the job. 

WIR probably yes but would try someone else. From memory the ad for Coco was that she was new and maybe by her absence from the roster this week she may have found it not quite to her liking.


