Floor: #1
Post Time: 7th February 2010, 06:01 PM
Poster ID: exmelpunter
Post Title: 
 9/42 Amy St, Regents Park - 02 9838 9917
				
Post Content: 
In my quest to seek out all the available establishments in my new work zone, I picked up the local paper and saw an ad for this place.  Rang and 2 girls were on 30/30, 40/45, 50/60 - pretty standard fare.  parking was easy on street, and he place itself is on the main street but discreet entry.  Easy to find if your looking, but you'd never notice it otherwise.  Up a terracotta flight of stairs to apartment.
I was met at the door by a 40ish chinese lady, Linda, nothing special.  She led me to a clean, neat room, massage table etc.  On the way  glimpsed a  much younger girl, and  was hoping she would be coming for an intro, but no, she was busy apparently.  Chose the 60 min and stripped off.  Not much to say other than the massage was excellent, she was quite professional.  Small tackle tickle at the end and an extra 20 for hj, which I went for.  Hj by the numbers, no touching,

I'll be back, either for a proper massage if I need one, or to try out the younger girls.

ttfn
emp

I have now been back and saw Cindy who only works Thurs and Sun.  Great erotic massage for 1 hour, with definetly extras on the cards next time I see her.  Good looking late 20s chinese.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 22nd February 2011, 08:46 PM
Poster ID: searching
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Do you have to make an appointment?


Floor: #3
Post Time: 6th March 2014, 10:15 AM
Poster ID: SeaRay
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
9/42 Amy St, Regents Park - 02 9838 9917
Wondering around the central west suburbs after trying to check out the women who advertises the Lidcombe Massage only to find it has closed down due to the building being demolished, I ended up in Regents Park in search of an Asian GILF M.L. to play with my doodle.  I picked up the local paper and saw an ad for this place for this RnT and rang and 2 ladies were on an older ML and a young girl. Pricing was  $30/30, $40/45 & $50/60.
Street parking is only 30 minutes so I took the 45 Minute option for $40. The place is on the main street but discreet entry with the entry easy to find up a terracotta flight of stairs to the 1st floor apartment.
 I was met at the door by a 40ish Chinese ML form HK with a big belly nothing special who led me to a clean, neat room, massage table etc and stripped off. The massage was excellent with long strong rubbing up and down my body and she would often spread my arse open view my arse hole and there was some small tackle tickle. Upon the turn over, the usual HJ option was taken with a fully nude extra $20. When I went to rub her big hairy pleasure hole, she lifted her leg onto the table so I could rub her clit and insert a finger into her hairy hole.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 16th March 2014, 12:01 PM
Poster ID: OldPerv
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
??? Phone is answered by a fax machine

Also the address is 9/46-48 Amy st


Floor: #5
Post Time: 11th January 2017, 06:05 PM
Poster ID: hyperguy55
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Si Si (that's what it sounded like)

Establishment : Regents Park Massage

Date of Visit : 11 January, 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 02 9738 9917

Address: 9/46-48 Amy St, Regents Park NSW 2143

Hours of Business : 10AM - 7.00PM

Rates : $30 half hour massage, plus $20 for hand job. $50 tip for Nude BBBJ and DATY (I paid $100 all up)

Age : Probably late 20s

Size/shape : Gorgeous slim body with natural D tits and big pale nipples; lovely face.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Massage, Nude BBBJ, DATY (in 69 position)

Value for money/recommend? : Oh yes!

It was a spur of the moment thing. I mainly wanted to get out of the brutal 40+ degree heat and relax for a little while, and I was passing through Regents Park. I hadn't even taken my usual third of a blue tablet, so I truly wasn't expecting much. 

I'd visited the massage place here a few times but hadn't been for at least a couple of years. I wasn't even sure that it was still there, but I walked up the outdoor stairs between two commercial buildings and there was the ubiquitous "Open" sign.

The door was opened by a gorgeous young (for this place) Chinese girl in a black and white striped stretchy tube dress. She said hello and ushered me past a short chunky mamasan in her 50s (which is actually more like I was expecting - not complaining though!). 

Into the room and she asks me how long. "Half and hour" I say, handing over $50. She starts to walk out of the room and playfully turns her head over her shoulder. "No change", she says, as she makes the classic wanking gesture with her hand. Right, well that looks hopeful!

I stripped off and lay on my stomach over the tissues for a potentially leaking cock - a wise precaution. Si Si returns and conducts a very nice firm - but not too hard - massage with oil. She seemed to position herself with my shoulder pressing into her crotch and my hand brushing the inside of her smooth bare leg quite a lot. After more than 20 minutes, she ran her hands softly over my body and reached underneath to cup my balls, kissing my back and working her way up to my face.

I turned over and she complimented me on my (quite flaccid at this stage) cock. To my surprise, she bent down and started kissing and licking my balls and the base of my shaft. This got my attention and soon I was at full mast, even without Viagra. I asked if I could see her naked. "More money" she said. I suggested another $20 and she stripped to reveal a gorgeous body with big firm but natural tits and lovely pale brown nipples. Her pussy was shaved and she seemed to quite enjoy being fingered while she did not quite suck my cock. She lubed up my shaft and continued kissing my balls. "Would you like me to lick your pussy?", I asked. She did not reply (she was busy after all).

"Will you suck my cock?" I asked. "Umm" she ummed. "$50 for suck and nude?" I suggested. "Only if you are clean" she said. I assume that I was, as she climbed onto the table and straddled my face as she went down on my shaft, sucking hungrily as I licked her clit and cunt in 69. It only took a few minutes of this before I was ready to cum. I warned her but she kept sucking. I could not see past her sweet pussy and slightly crash-damaged arsehole, so I'm not sure if I came in her mouth or if she managed a skilful transition to hand at the very end. 

Afterwards she said she hardly ever does this but I was clean and I was nice, so punters, don't expect this as granted. Play your cards right and you never know though. Just don't tell them you heard about it here!

Now it is true that I could have received the same service or more at Maggies or Bigge St Liverpool or any other number of Chinese establishments for around $65, but not with such a sweet and sexy creature. 

Si Si said she works Wednesdays and Sundays.

Sometimes a punter wins. I'll be baaaaaaack!!!


Floor: #6
Post Time: 12th January 2017, 03:46 PM
Poster ID: DrBob
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Angela
Establishment : 9/46-48 Amy Street, Regent's Park
Date of Visit : Thursday, 13Jan2017, 1:15pm
Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 02 9738 9917
Hours of Business : 10-7
Rates : $30*/30, +$50 "naked" HJ 
Age : Angela, possibly late 30s but has figure and look of late 20s
Size/shape :  Angela,  natural C-cups
Nationality or Ethnicity : MLC
Services Provided : massage, HJ
Value for money/recommend? : Yes
My experience/comments : 

Was out here in the middle of nowhere and, thanks to an AUXXX search, found hyperguy55's review.

Went in, no booking. She answered the door and served me. There was someone else around, but saw no-one.

A good experience. Massage seemed better than average. However, it soon became clear what I was after, and her tackle tickle from behind was good.

On turnover, her technique was good. A little FOAM but not much 

She ended up stimulating me with her left nipple near the denouement, so may I respectfulyl suggest you do not suck her nipples.

One other concern: the massage table was covered by three towels, one on top of the other. The topmost was about 30cm by 50cm, and this seemed to be the only one that got changed afterwards, so you might wish to be aware of potential hygiene issues.

Nonetheless, a good experience in a suburb I had never previously been to.

DB


Floor: #7
Post Time: 3rd August 2018, 07:37 AM
Poster ID: hyperguy55
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Cindy

Establishment : Regents Park Massage

Date of Visit : 2 August, 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 02 9738 9917

Address: 9/46-48 Amy St, Regents Park NSW 2143

Hours of Business : 10AM - 7.00PM

Rates : $30 half hour massage, plus $50 for tip for Nude HJ and Tit Fuck

Age : Probably 30s

Size/shape : Lovely curvy body with natural D+ tits and big dark nipples.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Massage, Nude HJ and Tit Fuck

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

It has been more than 18 months since I last visited this establishment. My last experience here was excellent, so I was hoping for another good time today.

The short chunky mamasan in her 50s answered the door and ushered me into a waiting room, advising that there would be a ten minute wait for the next girl. Right on time, a Chinese girl of average height and curvy build arrived ten minutes later to walk me to a room. The rooms each have a high massage table with a hole for the face, posters of pressure points and "No Sex" signs to make it look legit, but there is always more on offer here.

I handed over $30 for 30 minutes massage and stripped off. Cindy returned to the room just as I was taking off my undies. I lay on the table and she gave me an excellent  massage. She asked if I wanted soft or hard. I opted medium, which was just as well. Her medium was pretty hard. I reckon hard would have crushed me!

Still laying on my stomach, at the end of the massage she left the room and returned with a hot towel, which she wiped over my back, legs and arms to remove any residue of the massage oil. Then the tackle tickle started. I rolled over and she coyly asked me if I wanted more. I gestured hand job and nude and asked how much. She said "up to you". I offered $50 and she seemed very pleased with this.

She took off all her clothes to reveal a gorgeous Rubenesque body with big D+ tits topped by large dark protruding nipples. I stroked and kissed and sucked, and also touched her pussy. She went for a handful of lube and tugged my rapidly hardening cock. Before long, she pushed my slippery cock between her cleavage and pressed her tits together before sliding them up and down for an amazing tit fuck. It was so good that I could feel the spunk boiling after only a couple of minutes, and I blew hard between her warm fleshy cleavage. 

This was certainly the best tit fuck I've ever had!

Cindy said she only works on Thursdays. I'll be back again soon to sample more of the wares!


Floor: #8
Post Time: 18th March 2019, 12:54 PM
Poster ID: banger
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Leena

Establishment : 9 46/48 Amy street Regents Park

Date of Visit : 15/03/19

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 

Phone : 97389917

Hours of Business : 10am to 7pm I think

Rates : 50 per hour massage

Age : 40's

Size/shape : small curvy nice size

Nationality or Ethnicity : PRC

Services Provided : Massage bbbj

Value for money/recommend? : Yep

My experience/comments : Found my self down this way and remembered this place from some time long ago so being a bit toey again and with time and money on my side climbed the stairs from the street and rang the bell, was greeted by by a 50's mama and ushered into the room and asked how long I wanted to stay 1 hour I said so she said she will send in the girl only one available she said, anyway I got undressed and Leena walked in early 40's small maybe size 8 and not too bad on the eye she said hello and grabbed my cock hmmm I like this she then took my money as I gave her 50 I said here's another 50 for you and she said I give you good time, she returned and gave a very good massage this is my third this week and through out  tickled my bum and nutsack and I was running my hands up her legs and into her undies, turnover time came and she got undressed herself and started with some nipple licking on me and then a bbbj and let me say well done and also gave me good access to her girly bits not long after I said I am going to cum and she said ok to cim so she ended up with a gob full of baby batter and I ended up with sticky fingers she gave a thorough clean up and I was spent, got up and dressed and I thanked her and was led out to the door all up a good time I will have to return to sample some of the others here.


Happy punting all


Floor: #9
Post Time: 29th November 2019, 01:20 PM
Poster ID: hyperguy55
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Amy

Establishment : Regents Park Massage

Date of Visit : 25 November, 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 02 9738 9917

Address: 9/46-48 Amy St, Regents Park NSW 2143

Hours of Business : 10AM - 7.00PM

Rates : $30 half hour massage, plus $50 for tip for HJ

Age : Probably 50s

Size/shape : Short and chunky with dark nipples.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Massage, HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

I had a bit of a health scare recently (yes, that kind of health scare), so I haven't punted for a while. 

I've been a bit reckless with bareback sex lately. It almost always seems to be on offer wherever I have been going, and I settled on a few regular ladies. However, I recently had reason to believe that I might have run out of luck, but thank goodness all the tests for every STI that you could think of came up negative.

I've decided to play it a bit safer from now on, and my return punt was this massage establishment in a unit over the shops at Regents Park. I have been here a number of times over the years and always received a good massage and, at the minimum, a hand job. I thought I'd try it out again.

The door was answered by the chunky mamasan in her 50s. I've seen her here before. She would usually hand me over to one of the younger ladies but this time she ushered me into an air conditioned room and took me on herself.

"How long?", she asked. "Half hour please", and I handed over $50 (30 minutes massage is $30). "You been here before" she replied, "you know how it works", giving the universal waking gesture and indicating there would be no change. "Oh yes", I chuckled. 

I disrobed and lay on my stomach, face in the hole and dick on the tissues laid out in case of leakage. Amy returned and gave me a very nice massage - not too hard and not too soft. 

After about 20 minutes of this she started the usual stroking of the inner legs and thighs, reaching under to feel my hardening cock. I rolled over and she oiled me up, gently and expertly stroking. "Can I touch?" I asked. Her answer was to clamp my hand to her breast, then to lift her top and reveal a nice dark nipple on a C-sized tit. I caressed her boob and nipple, and lifted my head to have a suck but Amy playfully pushed me back onto the table. After a pause of a second or two she bent over me to give my mouth access to her tit. I rolled my tongue around the outside of the nipple and sucked. She stood again and we talked dirty as she was pulling my now very hard cock. "Do you want to suck my cock?". Oh yes, she said. I reached under her skirt to rub her pussy. "I'd love to fuck that pussy". "Next time we fuck, like this"... and she bobbed rapidly up and down, fake moaning as she went. 

I came over my stomach and her hand with a nice big load just after this.

When I asked what days she worked she said every day "...but you should try other girls". 

I really enjoyed my session with Amy and would be happy to see her again.

It also made me think that maybe safer options can still be fun.


