Thread Title: AOI Thai Massage - Hurlstone Park - 8018 6277
Floor: #1
Post Time: 12th January 2017, 08:32 AM
Poster ID: Hottest_tamale
Post Title: 
 AOI Thai Massage - Hurlstone Park - 8018 6277
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Theya

Establishment : AOI THAI MASSAGE

Date of Visit : 11/1/17

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 5/682-704 New Canterbury Road, Hurlstone Park 02 8018 6277

Hours of Business : 10am-9pm

Rates : Thai oil $39/40 min, Aroma oil $55/60min (Grand Opening Promotion

Age : 20s

Size/shape : Slim, A cups

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Massage only

Value for money/recommend? : I TOFTT, so I'm unsure...

It was too damn hot to go home. I had espied with my tiniest eye this place had finally open. Those inner western types would have seen this place had been given a fitout only to remain closed for a very long time. 

The gals at 298 Old Canterbury Rd are a skip and jump across the road but hey, why not TOFTT in 2017. 

As this place is newly opened I wasn't sure what to expect. After being boarded up for so long to start trading in the last 8 weeks I wasn't expecting much. But I'm a sucker for breaking new ground and I couldn't wait to nude up. You all know the feeling. 

Theya greeted me at the door though it wasn't much of a greeting. The mamasan was next to her and she appeared to know her game. 

There was a "cash only" sign at the front but I had phoned previously and confirmed they took plastic. They do for an extra $2. I only had enough cash for a tip -be prepared. 

The waiting area is tiny so best to make an appointment in case you get to sit on the laps of other punters waiting for their turn. I had done my research and gathered there are 2 MLs on duty covering the week. Theya is one and the other is "Daa" (or something similar). 

Theya is young and plain and is a Business student. Aren't they all? She ushered me to the front room and asked me to get on the bed but keep my bloomers on. When she returned I told her she ran out of the room too quickly to tell her I was going commando but she wasn't worried. 

Theya's massage is standard though a bit too soft for me. It was also pretty much all business though she uncovered my Crown Jewels a fair bit while I was face down. 

While the massage was OK Theya's attitude wasn't the greatest. Maybe It was the heat. Maybe 'twas because she's still not comfortable in OZ,  anyway it was hard to get hard or build rapport so I switched off and enjoyed the massage. 

The oils are quite aromatic and uses hot stones to iron out all the kinks. There was barely a hint of TT. 

The flip came @ 3/4 time and she only did legs. Again, she let the towel drape away and reveal my flaccid member so maybe in future this situation may progress. Or maybe I'll just go elsewhere. 

When I came out there was a punter waiting for Theya so this place may be running on skeleton staff during ramp-up. So perhaps book ahead. 

This joint could be a good option for massage only seekers. 

Happy punting!


H_T 



Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk


