Thread Title: Asian Massage - 55 George St, Burwood - 0452 358 274
Floor: #1
Post Time: 15th August 2012, 04:36 PM
Poster ID: flygtfalcon
Post Title: 
 Asian Massage - 55 George St, Burwood - 0452 358 274
				
Post Content: 
Asian Massage 55 George   Street Burwood 0452-358-274How do you get there?
If your travelling by train, get off at Burwood train station and head down Burwood Rd towards Parramatta RD, turn left (West) onto George St, there is a 7 eleven on the corner.


  Walk down George St for a couple of minutes. The shop is a terrace house. 


  The entry is fairly exposed so not very discrete for those of you that are worried about being spotted.

  No signage appart from the house number.


Why did you go there?
There is buzz and a lot of hype about this place on an alternate review site. Some are saying it is the next big thing, so I had to find out for myself.   

What was the place like?
A large two storey terrace house. 

  Reasonable fitout.

    Manager uses the first room on the right; there is a single seater lounge in the hallway for the next punter to sit on and watch the activities, not very private. I would guess that there were at least 5 rooms

Massage room was very basic, quite dark, a chair in the corner for your things, firm massage bench covered in a dark brown towel.   

Can you choose the girl?
This shop was very busy so I had to wait for my choice, otherwise the girl is selected by the manager, basically the next one available.

Were there other girls there?
I saw 3 girls wandering past as I waited, I suspect there are many more working here .

What about the girl?
Very attractive Asian girl, claimed to be 25 from China, seemed to me to be around 30 years old. Poor English.  White skin, long black hair. Very large bust, I would say a natural "D" cup 

  Quite slim, I could see some stretch marks around the waist so she may be a real MILF.


What was her name?
Sherry

What days does she work?
Best to call and confirm to avoid disappointment, she does the late shift so starts around 4 or 5 pm


  What was provided?
Basic massage and then straight into a soft and gentle oily HJ for the remaining ½ hour. 

Cleaned up with the tissues, 


  Quality?
Very nice girl, very good experience

Price?
Base Rate $30 ½ hour + $30 topless HJ
  Total spend $60 

Any extras available?
I was expecting a massage and HJ for $30 as advertised on the alternate site, but was happily upsold the HJ + top off for an additional $30.

  I  think this may be the limit for this girl, maybe with another girl.    

Would you go back?
As with many other shops, I believe this shop has been overrated by certain punters on the alternate site, but $60 for ½ hour with a cute Asian, why not?

I hope my fellow punters find this information useful.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 15th August 2012, 05:37 PM
Poster ID: SeaRay
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
55 George Street as per this posting is the new Asian RnT and 57 George St # 97478215 is the Asian Full Service Whore House next door....I remember seeing some time ago when # 57 was being renovated the Asian Pimp Owner did run his Brothel at # 55 and with Dr Ho's RnT down the roan Burwood is "rockin"


Floor: #3
Post Time: 15th August 2012, 07:37 PM
Poster ID: slarty
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Yes the other site allows for want of a better word- touting of shops without any intervention from moderators. There's been a lot of debate about promised rates not being honoured by the girls. 

However based on my one visit I'd still recommend giving it a go. The girl I saw was quite good company but pushed a bit hard on the extras and wanted extra $$. No point reviewing her here as she is no longer working at the shop.

It's $30 half hour / $45 for the hour plus extras.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 23rd August 2012, 06:12 PM
Poster ID: Beancounter
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Just a quick review before getting ready for dinner.

I checked out this place on recommendation from the other site.
I went and saw Yumi on 14 August and she was an older MILF. Probably late 30's.

She had a decent body with probably C cup tits. I originally was only going to stay for 30mins but she did a good massage so I extended to 1hr.
If you are after younger ladies, probably not the best place but apparently there are some young ones on the weekend.
I am yet to check this out myself, but I will need to read better reviews to return.

Overall, Yumi was alright, she isn't slim probably has a bit of a stomach.
The view was kinda blocked as the as she only lowered her top and I had to request bottom off.
No touching down below though.
I enjoyed the massage and I guess I was satisfied from that.
She really loosen up my shoulders and back.
Part 2 was alright, she managed to get me over the line in due course.

Total cost was 45 for 1hr and 30 for the extra listed above.
I heard the price increase from 45 to 50 and HJ is now additional 20.
It's not bad value for money but I prefer True Thai so I will stick to there for my massage fix.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 17th October 2012, 09:53 PM
Poster ID: mikehyper
Post Title: 
 Anna @ 55 Burwood Massage
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Anna

Establishment : 55 Burwood Massage

Date of Visit : 09/10/12

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 55 George St Burwood

Hours of Business : 10am-10pm

Rates : 30mins / $30 or 60min / $50

Age : Milf

Size/shape : 34D 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : R&T

Value for money/recommend? : Yes, great strong massage with good ending.

My experience/comments : Found out Coco is the mamasan of this shop, so she might only do massages when all other ladies are busy. She does a great push oil massage and knows how to relive those pressure points.
At the turn over she asked if HJ was wanted and I obviously said yes as she was a good looking MILF. HJ technique was prefect and knew exactly what to do, ask I want her told off but I didnt have enough money so HJ was $20, HJ with the top off would have been $50 I think...Would recommend it for those of you in the area.


