Thread Title: At Peace Thai Massage - 16 Hercules St Ashfield
Floor: #1
Post Time: 13th September 2019, 08:05 PM
Poster ID: justdane
Post Title: 
 At Peace Thai Massage - 16 Hercules St Ashfield
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : poppy

Establishment : at peace thai massage

Date of Visit : 13 sept 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 02-89701181 (according to google), 0490218534 (according to locanto) https://m.locanto.com.au/sydney/ID_3...and-Helen.html

Phone :

Hours of Business : 

Rates : 59 for 60 min but when i got there the ML said 60 dollars for 60 min

Age : 28

Size/shape : 14? chubby and curvy

Nationality or Ethnicity : thai

Services Provided : thai massage, nude hj, half assed b2b

Value for money/recommend? : hhmmmm.. plenty of other options around

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

was in Ashfield, walk around the area for a bit and was surprised on how many massage shops there are out there, maybe around 10 or more. i already knew about this shop from their locanto ad before coming here so decided to try, this shop is one of the closest to the train station. there is another thread with the same address but different shop's name.

greeted by Poppy, chubby, attractive face, high sex appeal looking, curvaceous body. she was wearing a black tight t shirt and a very short jeans skirt. they have a rear access, their toilet is outside by the parking lot. one downside is they have no shower facilities.

the room has a fully enclosed door, but the wall isnt up to the ceiling. noises can travel quiet easily. i could even heard the noises from the road pretty clearly. poppy is average height, chubby but quite pretty face with thick lips which should be nice for kissing just too bad kissing isnt on the menu. a full B/C cup breast with nice looking small hard light brown nipples. some excess fat around tummy but still very acceptable, she wasnt shaven, so some hair down there. she works tuesday and friday at this shop. also works at a chinese shop near the city.

massage was really good. started with a dry massage for 5 min and then she lowered the towel and pour some oil on my back. she isnt a skinny girl but that is good when she was putting her body weight on top of my body, just the perfect amount of pressure for me. the massage was totally different for my lower body, more of light massage with some tackle tickle. not much conversation was had, just some occasional chat which is fine by me, i was just lying there enjoying the massage with the great songs that they played.

on the turn over she told me if i wanted a b2b it will be 20 dollars extra on top of the 50 dollars note that i placed on the table from the beginning. at the start of the session i requested for a body to body as per ad says which is an extra 50. anyway my little head was doing the thinking and i agreed on the 20 dollars extra. so that 20 dollars extra only gave me about 2 min of her breast touching my breast and some simulated pussy slide without actually touching her pussy onto my skin. i think she just doesnt want too much oil going onto her body since there is no shower there. i should have thought about this before accepting her b2b offer.. anyway i shot my load from her vigorous hand job. it wasnt a pleasurable cum. i still had more than 10 min on the clock, she offered more massage, but then i decided to get dress and leave when she went outside to throw away all the tissues.

value for money?? i'd say no really, places like sydney baby, 227 broadway and pyrmont star offer more value and the girls go nudefrom the beginning. but i still had a good massage from poppy so once again ymmmv


