Thread Title: Goldfish Massage - Enfield - 0406 516 199
Floor: #1
Post Time: 2nd April 2017, 12:57 PM
Poster ID: massageboy
Post Title: 
 Goldfish Massage - Enfield - 0406 516 199
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Za Za (or something approximating that)

Establishment : Goldfish massage

Date of Visit : 26/3/17

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 320 Liverpool Rd Enfield, 0406516199

Hours of Business : 10am - 7.30pm

Rates : Standard RnT

Age : 30ish

Size/shape : a little pudgy, B cups?

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : shitty massage and HJ

Value for money/recommend? : No

My experience/comments : I read in one of the threads that there should be a 'walk of shame' rating and this place would be 5 Star in that regard. Strategically located near the corner of Liverpool Rd and The Boulevard at Enfield, it could hardly be more public. Luckily they don't appear to lock the door so you are not standing out on the main road like a shag on a rock.

I passed this place with the missus last Sunday morning and luckily I had some time in the afternoon to TOFTT. I had had wild sex with my Vietnamese MILF ( actually probably technically a GILF) earlier in the day and so my needs weren't great but I was still a bit toey.

This place is very new and is set up quite well. Spacious with proper self-contained rooms. Didn't ask about showers. The session was a dud and I don't want to spend much time on it. Za Za (never was a ML less appropriately named) looks like a bog standard girl next door. A bit overweight and while not unattractive, in no way sexy. Her massage skills were very limited. At the turnover she did a little of the light feather touch to indicate extras were available after a very uninspiring massage. I had to bargain hard to get her to do a nude HJ for $50 only and this amount allowed touching of breasts only. No kissing or touching anywhere else. She did try to assure me there is a ML on Wednesday and Thursday who will do more including FS. This woman is clearly here for the tips only and prepared to do the absolute minimum to get them.

I don't want to damn a new shop after one visit but I won't be returning to try anyone else. With 176 Liverpool Rd and 48 The Strand so close, I can see no reason to revisit this shop.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 3rd April 2017, 10:44 PM
Poster ID: potluck
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks for TOFTT! I often drive past this place and wondered what the deal was. There's a Thai massage next to Dan Murphys on coronation parade but the intel on that is that it's legit. Campsie and Burwood are too close for this shop to survive long


Floor: #3
Post Time: 16th June 2018, 06:13 PM
Poster ID: potluck
Post Title: 
 4/320A Liverpool Rd, Enfield - not to be confused with 318 Liverpool Rd
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Unfortunately I can't remember but wanted to post a review to give this place the thumbs down

Establishment : 4/320A Liverpool Rd, Enfield

Date of Visit : Twice, once late April and 6/5/2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0406 516 199

Hours of Business : 10 am to 7 pm, 7 days a week. 

Rates : $35 for half an hour 

Age : Mid 30s

Size/shape : Petite, size 6/8. 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : FS

Value for money/recommend? : No

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

There are 2 shops next to each other on Liverpool Rd on Enfield. 320A, the orange one is the one to be avoided. Not that they do anything particularly bad but it's just not up to the same standard as 318 Pink Apple. Rooms are smaller, not as clean, girls not as pretty.

I had 2 ordinary punts here at 320A, I can't for the life of me remember the girls names cos I didn't want to go back. The funny thing about this place is that the girls wear pink nurses uniforms like the ones you'd get from a costume shop. They were lucky that I was horny and had been out of the game for a while...(a couple of months lol)

First one was a chubby chick who was just too fat for my liking. She had a bit of the Kim Jong Un pudge to her around her neck, arms and hands so even though she was strong-ish I didn't enjoy part 2 enough to want to go back to her. Just went with the $20 clothed hand job with her to get the job over and done with. But I saw the 2nd girl on the way out so I returned the next week.

Second one was a chick with very nice legs, did the usual mssage routine and from her legs I wanted to see the rest of her so I ponied up $80 for FS and was disappointed. She was flabby and loose, not in an obese way but just not toned for what I would expect from an early 30s woman. She also had this huge untrimmed bush on her pussy and she wasn't very tight. She talked too much and was too desperate for me to return so I never did...went to 318 the next week and never looked back.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 13th September 2018, 05:57 PM
Poster ID: massageboy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jane

Establishment : Goldfish massage

Date of Visit : 13/9/18

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 320 Liverpool Rd Enfield, 0406516199

Hours of Business : 10am - 7.30pm

Rates : Standard RnT + extras

Age : mid 20s?

Size/shape : slim, great arse, B cups

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : massage, CBJ, DATY and FS

Value for money/recommend? : Reasonable

Things were busy in the Enfield RnT scene this afternoon. My new favourite, Jenny at 176 was booked. I tried 318 and they were also booked. I was about to head home but thought I would give 320 another try after a fairly average experience a year or so ago.

I was met by Jane who looked a bit plain in her pink doctor's style overcoat. She asked what kind of massage I wanted and I said whatever she felt like giving. This lead to a pretty mediocre soft massage. She had me covered with a towel which made me wonder if I this place had changed policy. I touched her lower leg after checking this was OK with her. Still no hint of erotic massage. She was fairly uncommunicative, just answering my questions with basic responses. On turnover she kept me covered! I thought that all I would get was a straight massage. Finally I patted her on the bum and asked what extras were available. She smiled and asked what I wanted and I said FS. She asked for a $100 but eventually agreed to $80 when I said that was too much. She went off to look for a condom and when she came back I helped her take off her overcoat which covered just a sexy pair of knickers and her bra. On stripping she revealed a very sexy body with delightful B cups. She climbed on the table and gave me her breasts to suck.  I had a little play with her pussy and then said I would give her a $100 if we had DATY. She happily accepted and got in 69 position and while I slurped away, she applied a condom with her mouth and gave me a good CBJ. I had to stop her after a few minutes as I was in danger of coming and I wanted to enter her. She climbed on for cowgirl and though no sex machine she gave it a fair amount of effort. I came quickly. After this, she was friendlier and, as her English is very good, we talked about a few mutual interests.

Certainly not a momentous session but unexpected sex with a sexy young woman was a very pleasant surprise and I will certainly go back to see Jane. I think she will be much less restrained the 2nd time around.


