Floor: #1
Post Time: 31st May 2018, 11:05 PM
Poster ID: nonametr
Post Title: 
 Jessie -G & H St Peters Massage -  8034 5459 / 0406 029 528
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jessie

Establishment : G&H St Peters Massage

Date of Visit : 29 April 2018

Phone: (02) 8034 5459
Mobile: 0406 029 528
Web: G & H St Peters Massage, Massage St Peters, NSW 2044
Address: Shop 2, 44-56 May Street St Peters

Hours of Business : 10am - 10pm

Rates : 
30 min $40
45 min $55
1 Hour $65

Age :24 (says website)
Size/shape : Size 8 with D cup

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Massage, NHJ (+$50)

Value for money/recommend? : Yes/Yes

My experience/comments : 

I was in need of a massage and some relief so decided to try this place.

I didn't make a booking and was shown in to a room then in came Jessie, looked hut with her dres showing ample clevage.

Jessie is nice to look at with trim body so I agreed to go with 30 minutes. Her language skills is also OK (cannot hold a great converation but good enough to get by) 

Once the financials are sorted she went out to get the change while I nuded up and wait for her return. She brought the change and a glass of water although didnt ask, customer service focused.

I lied on the bed after having some water and she started a good firm massage, on my upper back which I quite enjoyed. She didnt mind me touching her smooth legs while massaging me so I sensed that this will be one of the better massages I will have given her massage skills were above avarege for a massage parlour that provides extras. Once done with upper back and back Jessie gave a needed attantion to my legs focusing on the thighs (giving a litle glase to lil one every now and then waking him up) and calves. It was time to turn over.  

She asked if I wanted extras, I asked what services she offered, $20 for HE and $50 for NHE she replied, I took the latter and it was a bliss. She has a nice body with (did I mention earlier?) D cups which I was allowed to play and suck on whilst she expertly gave me the HJ untill I was spent. Finished of with head massage to fill the time up.

Had a great time, so much so that I made a booking next weekend. Which was even better as she rememberd me the second time.

Mods I havent seen a thread for this shop in the theraputic message section and posting here, please move accordingly if required.

Ciao till next time
NT


Floor: #2
Post Time: 5th June 2018, 03:36 PM
Poster ID: LUNGOR
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
It was based on the latest review by nonametr above that I think I should give this shop a try. Of course, the main reason was to check out Jessie's natural D Cups.

I saw her photo in the other forum and they are big and very tempting. 

Jessie's photo:




Cut the long story short, I was in the area and leaving the airport so I rang ahead to try to book Jessie (I already checked the roster that she is working and saw her photo again................lol), when a Chinese lady answered the phone, I asked her in Mandarins if Jessie is work?

Girl: hey, who is Jessie ?

then another girl took over the phone and answered in English: hi darling, how can I help you?

So I answered back in English: hi, is Jessie working today ?

Yes she is,

Is she free now, 

She is free,

Can I book her please, I am on my way and be there in 10 min, my name is xxxxxx.

ok darling, see you soon.

So, all set and I found a parking spot across from the shop, it was raining but my heart was warm with anticipations - think ahead about those big tits.

Walked into the shop, no one at reception so I yelled out Hello !

A MILF in her late 20's or early 30's came out from some folding doors and said you have booking ?

Yes, I have booked Jessie, 

Come here darling, wait inside this room. Sounds like she is the English speaking girl on the phone.

She showed me into a room 2 (there seems to be 6 rooms, three on each side and they are fully enclosed with central A/C).

I then asked to use the bathroom, sorry, please wait a minute, the girl is using it.

So I went back inside the room and waited, the room is quite compact, a standard size massage table in the middle and not much more free space, a side table with the essentials and a few hooks on the wall to hang the clothes, and there is also a short pajama on the wall so I assume there is a shower somewhere.

A couple of minutes later the reception lady told me the bathroom is free now, so I went to the end of the corridor and there is a big bathroom/toilet with a decent size shower inside.

Came back to the room and wait for Jessie, this is when things started to go sour !!

I can hear the girls talking among themselves discussing who's turn it is ?

WTF, I have a booking with Jessie, so why isn't Jessie comes straight in ?

So I went outside into the corridor and said to them: I have a booking with Jessie !!

the reception lady pointed a petite size girl in a short green dress and said she is Jessie !!

I look at her, surely she is not, Jessie has big D Cups and this girl with the push up bra is probably a B !!

I even take out my photo, open the webpage with this shop's roster for today and that photo of busty Jessie, I show the photo to them and said, I want this Jessie.

Then another closed door opened and there was a ML massaging a lady and the lady getting the massage (she is probably the boss ?) looked up and said to me and said, that photo is Jessie and this is the same girl !! You got to be kidding me right, So I again showed her the photo and said (all in mandarins BTW so there is no confusions !) look, this Jessie in the photo has big balls and at least a D cups, then I pointed to the girl in green and said, she is not the same girl.

Then the reception girl come between the green dress girl and me and smile to me and said, hi darling, my balls are quite big, let me do you ok ?

As she speaks, she opens up her jumper and showed me she boobs over her dress, she is quite busty, bigger than the green girl and she added, there is no pads inside, all real balls !! well, what can I say, the bait and switch and lie was bad, but this lady seems quite nice and I could just sense that her services should be good too, so I asked her, what is your name, I am Lucy, and I also have seen her photo in the roster which is showing some deep cleavage too, so she will do.

Lucy's photo:




Then we both went back to my room and I paid for the 30 min plus tips.

Full review to come - and I can say that - Lucy has saved the day !!

Cheers


Floor: #3
Post Time: 5th June 2018, 09:57 PM
Poster ID: slarty
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I noticed Jessie seems to be off the roster at the moment, so maybe she has left the shop. Very naughty that bait and switch, creates a bad impression of the shop and mamasan


Floor: #4
Post Time: 6th June 2018, 10:41 AM
Poster ID: LUNGOR
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by slarty


I noticed Jessie  seems to be off the roster at the moment, so maybe she has left the shop. Very naughty that bait and switch, creates a bad impression of the shop and mamasa
"""



I think it's fair to say they do use real photos. But whether the girl is actually working there on the day is highly questionable! Without knowing the truth, it's very hard to know if Jessie was actually there yesterday or not, she could well be there but coming in later? I did go there at midday so that's possible.

But one thing I also noticed , on their Monday roster, they actually listed a girl I know for sure had already gone back to China (Nina from Blossom) for holiday, so go figures!


Floor: #5
Post Time: 7th June 2018, 11:18 AM
Poster ID: LUNGOR
Post Title: 
 First try at this shop, doggy start but busty MILF Lucy saved the day !!
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lucy

Establishment : G&H St Peters Massage

Date of Visit : June 2018

Phone: (02) 8034 5459
Mobile: 0406 029 528

Address: Shop 2, 44-56 May Street St Peters NSW 2044

Hours of Business : 10am - 10pm

Rates :
30 min $40
45 min $55
1 Hour $65

Age :28 (says website)
Size/shape : Size 6 with natural perky C Cups and very pointy hard nipples

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Massage, NHJ, Spanish ($50 tips)

Value for money/recommend? : YES

My experience/comments :

Much has been said about the earlier encounter I had with the shop. So I am just gonna go right into the juicy stuff:

So back inside the room and Lucy asked me how long I want to stay, ( originally I have allowed time for a 45 min session thinking I would need that much time to fully explore and enjoy Jessie's big D Cups..........lol, but with all the waiting and mucking around, I only have time for a 30 min quickie now), I said half an hour, and handed over the $40 plus $50 tips.

Lucy almost shown a sign of relieve when she sees that I have tipped her up front. gave me a smile, and asked me to get undressed. the room is quite warm with central heating, and I stripped down to my undies, and waited for Lucy who returned right on cue with a bag of wet wipes.

She said, you are looking for Jessie you like big balls? 

I said yes,  

I am quite big too, let me show you (you see see in mandarins)

And Lucy becomes topless in a flash !! still keeping her stocking pants and undies on, but that's OK for now, I want to check out her tits first, not too big, but quite a hand full, perky natural C Cups with very pointy nipples and they are already erected !! 

Lucy asked me how big do I think her tits are, I said C cups, she said yes, you know the sizes of boobs very good, I said I come to massage shop to play balls !! then I said are you going to take these off, pointing to her pants, she said you want me to take off I will take them off now. as it turned out, Lucy was in her period, as I could see a bit of white string from her pussy, but then again, MLs have been known to insert those internal tampons to fake period so that punters will leave her pussy alone. whatever, I usually don't touch down there anyway, but I do like to play with and brush their hairs if they are not fully shaven and Lucy was OK with me combing her turfs - that's later.

So after all the mucking around and Not getting what I came here for, I was in no mood for laying face down to get a part 1 massage so I just lay on my back, spread my legs, my lil Ah was still asleep, let's see how will Lucy handle this situation ?

She handles me alright, gently and softly caressing my balls and the top of the groins and inner thighs area. that's nice, she can do this to me all day. I then want to get a bit of those "men's health" massage aka Nina/Cherry's. So I told Lucy and she said of course and asked to use a bit of oil, just a touch and she was busy massaging and pampering all those sensual areas without stroking the Ah ! I like this, much better than any half hearted back massage, for all I care, Lucy might well give a very strong part 1 massage, someone with her age and experiences should probably do (website said 28, I thought may be the 5-10 years rule can easily applied to her, nevertheless, she looks good, body good, nice tits and ass and legs, no fat, she is fine by me !) but right now, I am pretty much getting a 30 min part 2, surely getting my money worth.

the way Lucy is standing next to me leaning forward to massage me, her tits are hanging down from her chest and they look oh so yummy - like a "banana tits" or "bamboo shoot tits" for those Chinese brothers who know the terms. So I pull Lucy closer to me - without losing the touches from her hands, I asked: how many customers have you got this morning ? nobody, it was very quiet this morning, you are the second customer and my first, really, I am your first customer today, it's true, if you don't believe, when you go outside I will show you the book !!

OK then, first customer of the day = breasts feeding for me now............haha !! that's definitely an added bonus. And because they are so perky and pointy, I could almost put more than half of the breast into my mouth. So once again, I wind back the clock to become a hungry baby, sucking, licking, biting (very gently!), eating and at one point, pushing the two pointy nipples together so that I could have a mouth full of two hard nipples, very nice, as I was sucking Lucy, her nipples really were rock hard and she started making a bit of noise - not a fake moan, but like feeling some pleasure but try not to show it ?

There is only one way to find out, I pull the tits out of my mouth and I ask, are you feeling something ? Lucy said of course I have feeling, if I am sucking your nipples you will have feeling too, then she reach down to cat bath my nipple just a bit .

Then I really want to find out so I moved one hand down Lucy's bum reach down and between her legs, through the hairs until I located the opening and give it some gentle brushing, I am sure my finger can feel some wetness, not very wet but wet, and it was at this point that I also noticed the little bit of white string sticking out. well, may be she was REALLY wet but perhaps the inside tampon is doing its job...............lol

So I need a bit of a breather, so I got up, have some water (which Lucy brought to me when I was waiting to use the bathroom), there is a half mirror on the wall, so I positioned Lucy facing the mirror, myself behind her and start doing my play tits in front of the mirror thing. With my hands softly softly violating Lucy's soft tits, I am having a good look at her, she is actually quite good looking, I started to kiss her neck and her back a little and Lucy kisses me back, a light licking of my ear too. my cock at this point is full erected and rock hard, and Lucy's butt is not big but has nice curve and very tight, so I wanted to rub my cock in her butt crack a bit, so I sat down on the table and pulled Lucy towards me, as I was trying to sat her down on to my cock, she knew what I was trying to do and she backs away and said she doesn't want oil on her body as she has period and doesn't want to shower during the day, fair enough.

But my brain was spinning so quickly I immediately start thinking about a few minutes into the future: the finishes, if Lucy doesn't want any oil on her body, does that mean NO SPANISH !! fucking shit, things are just starting to look so good, if she gives me no titty fuck, that would be a real let down.

well, at this point in time, no use speculating, just go with the flow and the time clock said, 5 min to go, so I swap places with Lucy, have her sitting on the table and I on my knees, so that I could bury my head into her cleavage, this is so nice, they are so soft and covering up my face real good, then I stand up, my cock is right in Lucy's face, would be nice if she is giving me a blow job right now, but now time left and I don't want to spend any more, so, instead, I lifted her to sit up straight, so her body raised a few inches, and I lower myself down a bit, now my cock is between her tits, I put my hands on the outsides of her breasts and pulled Lucy towards me and my cock is now between her tits, so I rub it against her and do a stand up Spanish right there, the positioning is not quite right and we need more oil, but one thing, no objection from Lucy, so perhaps the no oil rule won't apply to her tits, BINGO !

Let's do this. I lay back down on the table, Lucy must know time is up so she got a bit more oil on her palms and started a proper hand job in a much faster pace. as I was getting close, I asked for more oil and she did, and before she put her hands back on, I asked Lucy to come up to the table, very quickly put her into position between my legs, she was wearing a necklace with a charm, so I turned the charm away and place it at the back of her neck, then I lowered Lucy's upper body on to big AH and Spanish lesson begins !!

After a few bursts, her long hair is getting in the way so Lucy adjusted her hair to her back and we quickly readjusted and I didn't want any more distraction and I just wanted a Spanish finishes, quick, and quick I cum, not a lot this time, but cum I did and I was happy. I held Lucy's body in position for another 20 seconds before I let go and said thank you. Lucy looks down, and said you really know how to play, I have never done this with anyone before. I was surprised and said, really? you have very nice tits, and no customers have ever wanted to do this ?? Lucy said, not like what you did, but many of them wanted to cum on my tits, and she showed me how the punters would shoot their loads on her tits. Well, if I ever come back in the area, I might just do that too..........lol . but right now, I am very happy.

the usual cleaning up and we got dressed, and Lucy finally said something about Jessie: no wonder you want to book Jessie, she has really big balls, much bigger than me, now I know why, you want to play her balls. I laugh, now that you understand me so well, may be next time I book a double with you and Jessie, yes darling, please come back soon, I really like you !!

Lucy walks me out to the door, it's still raining outside, and with the daylight, I have a better look on Lucy's face, a lovely girl really, may be not as young and some of you would have wanted, but for her age, she is quite attractive and pleasant to the eyes, well, for me anyway. YMMV  as always.

The visit to this shop started off very badly, I almost walked, but lovely Lucy definitely saved the day, and for Lucy alone, this shop is worth a second visit. may be she will shower with me too ????????.................haha


Cheers


Floor: #6
Post Time: 7th November 2019, 05:30 PM
Poster ID: LUNGOR
Post Title: 
 My success rate as walk ins outside of my regular shops are pretty poor, this is just another forgettable episode !
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lulu

Establishment : G&H St Peters Massage

Date of Visit : November 2019

Phone: (02) 8034 5459
Mobile: 0406 029 528

Address: Shop 2, 44-56 May Street St Peters NSW 2044

Hours of Business : 10am - 10pm

Rates :
30 min $40
45 min $55
1 Hour $65

Age : late 30 - 40's

Size/shape : pretty average Chinese milf, really didn't understand why I decided to stay ?

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : complimentary BBBJ and NHJ, $50 tip

Value for money/recommend? : Probably not

My experience/comments :

Long story: won some money from the Cup on Tuesday and knew that my favourite Double D Cups Nina will be coming back to work at Siam Sila Bella massage, so all planned and booked and so looking forward to our reunion, that me and the Double D's !

Wednesday morning got a PM from Bella that Nina is sick and not working this week. So disappointed as I had already made arrangement at work so that I could have my session.

Then something urgent at work pops up unexpectedly and I need to head out towards the airport way. So my mind was like, ok, this is it, I'll have a winning punt after all, but not sure where to go - at one point I was thinking may be on the way out stop over at Ginza Empire and have my virgin punt their in the new venue. For some reasons decided not to so heading straight out down South Downing Street and thought, how about that 888 shop ?

That's Green Square Massage on 888 Bourke St, so took a quick detour (there was time before I had to attend the business matter so I thought 11am, surely all the girls just starting and no customers yet, perfect ! Wrong .......................!! Got there, parked the car and rang the door bell, a youngish Asian guy let me in and said: Sorry, all the girls are busy, I said, how many girls ? 3 ! can you come back in 20 min ? well, that's the 20 min I didn't have, I could squeeze in a 30 min quickie but waiting 20 min on top would be too long. So I walked, couldn't believe these shops in the suburbs are so busy !

Walked back to the car, thinking I could still drive down Botany road to see if there is any shop, and there was none, OK, too late now. better do the work first.

And I must say, while working, my brain was thinking what next ? May Street St Peters or King Street Newtown ? the good old 501 or the 447 which I went recently, OK, that's the plan. Again, didn't know why Ginza Empire didn't come into my brain, any girl I would have picked there should be better than whatever happened next.

So work's done and a quick lunch with some colleagues/clients over there and on my way back.

As I was driving up from King Street towards Newtown saw the vertical sign of 673 and that looked like a brothel to me...................... of course we can all tell can't we ?

So parked the car in the side street and walked in. At the door it has a "Wives Only" sign so there it is, I sort of heard of the name but no idea. An Asian mamasan let me in and sat me at the waiting lounge. This place's decor is very classique type of the French bordello ? thick big club style chairs, rich dark colours, very traditional and old timer (remember that Eddie Murphy movie - Trading Places and that private club ? where the two old men were founding members?). I looked at the price list, $195.00 for 30 min, don't think it's Asian shop pricing so my head immediately thinking about a blonde MILF with big tits - that would do me, sure, courtesy of the TAB, $195 no issue !!

Mamasan came back and spoke fluent English and told me they are very busy and only 1 girl free, a moment later a very tall and dark skinned Thai looking girl came to say Hi, didn't get her name as I was not a bit interested. She was wearing matching lingerie - T back show a very round and meaty bum, really long skim legs but zero tits up the top, she might tick some punters boxes but not this one, so I politely shake hand with her, and as soon as she left, I was walking out, Asian mamasan saw me out and asked with a surprise look on her face - what? you don't like her ?? I said, she is too skinny !

So, you like curvy girls, we have a very busty blonde starting in an hour, want to come back ? 

Sorry, got to go.

And sorry that this isn't a review for Wives Only but I did have a RnT session after this and review is coming up next.


As I walked back to the car, it was actually parked on May Street ! so that St Peters RnT is just down the road, in fact its in the next block, so walk down there and see if they have some gems ??


Last time I went there from memory they stuffed up by booking but there was a busty MILF who was quite nice and the session turn out OK, so some thing similar will do me.

Press the door bell and a mature looking milf let me in, you want a massage she spoke with basic English, I replied back in Mandarins: how many girls working?

Three, but all busy, only me ?

You want to stay.

I have a look at her, top to bottom, she is pleasant looking alright but someone I wont turn my head on the street, wear some cheap black lingerie, size 8 and stocky, not much tits either, I really should just walk, but the time was past 3.30pm and I was thinking the clear way zone and very hard to find parking for 501 or 447. this older ML probably have very good skills and very experienced, so it must be her lucky day so I decided to stay, how long, half hour, $40 ! and  I handed over the magical $50 tip as well. She gave me a smile and a hug and took me to one of the room on the left side, couple other rooms with the doors closed, so they must be doing whatever they are doing inside there.

Asked to use the toilet, down the hall and there was a shower there too.

Come back to the room and got undressed. the lady came back and by then I knew her name was Lulu, she saw that I got naked and sitting up on the table, so she started strip down as well. Her body !! well, let's not talk about it OK, must be the worst I have ever seen - may be on par with that MILF I saw at 48 for the blow and go quickie !! for a breasts man, I don't think I even touched them through out the session, enough said.

So she was naked and came close to me, and said, you don't want any massage, I said, just shoot the airplane and do it very slowly OK.

Lulu started licking my nipples and chest and all the way down between my legs.

You have a very good body, no belly, and looks very clean, I lick you here ok since you are so kind to pick me.

And she licks my balls and the groins areas, well, even when the lady is not attractive so sexually making your aroused, oral sex/service can still be very nice isn't it, may be I could just close my eyes and think this a glory hole session, while Lulu is sucking, I could think of Cherry, Bonnie, Nina or Gigi .................

since I wasn't aroused at the beginning, when Lulu started licking me, I didn't go hard immediately, so when she started taking lil AH all in, I was still in my Speak Softly Love theme song state, but once her warm mouth and wet tongue goes to work, hard I became !!

Then all the usual complements of you are tasting good, good to blow, very hard, very strong and very straight ?

So the complimentary BBBJ went on for about 10 min, and I went from non aroused to very much enjoying myself and in fact starting to face fuck Lulu, as I was getting close, I thought, may be she'll let me CIM ? and I'll be done and dusted, but for some reason, in the back of my mind I thought she must be pretty good with her hands too, so why cum now, let's do the handy!

So I pull myself out and ask for the oil bottle.

Lulu oils up her hand and started her cock massage. OK, she is pretty good at this and since there are time, she was going really slowly and teasingly good, lots of rimming underneath and not just jerking fast but slowly and gently caressing all the areas that I like to be touched. So, despite the fact that she has a body and tits I could be bother touching, her skills and services are still there. So I spread my legs wide apart to give her all the access and from time to time give her some encouragement if she was touching me exactly where I needed her hands.

While I was enjoying myself we have a little chat about the industry, Lulu only work there on the Wednesday and the rest of the week in a few different places in Campsie etc. 

As time was running out, I told Lulu to add more oil, and she increased her tempo and I started to fuck her hands more vigorously and faster and she tried to put one hand over the tip of my cock to prevent me from shooting out far, I told her to put that hand back holding my balls and said I want to see how far my cum shot goes !!

Here I go, Lulu's right hand concentrated on stroking my oil head and I gave her hand tunnel a couple of all mighty burst and out cum a big load - the load I was saving for beautiful Nina and now went out for a nobody, so I fucked her hand a few more bursts and she hand was squeezing out every last drop that I have.then she holds me while the other hand just gently rubbing my tea bag surface with her warm palm, very nice and very happily relaxed.

She made her money and I got my happy ending, eventhough there was no body/tits play, it was mission accomplished, but this much be the worst winning punt I ever had, next time, I promise myself, it will be either with my favourite girls or go to a top tier shops !!

Clean up and back to the office.

Three shops I went to day and end up with this place. free BBBJ was a pleasant surprise though.

Probably Not returning any time soon, 

cheers


