Floor: #1
Post Time: 8th February 2016, 05:00 PM
Poster ID: SeaRay
Post Title: 
 Kelvina Massage - 2/244A Darling Street, Balmain - 0424 003 578
				
Post Content: 
Welcome to Balmain massage, the best place to go. Spoil yourself with the best service, best value and best sensational touches!
Address: Unit 2, 244A Darling St, Balmain NSW 2041  Tel: 0424 003 578 
 Full Body Oil Massage
 Remedial & Deep Tissue Massage
 Hot Stone & Foot Spa
 Stress & Pain Relief
 30 mins ------ $40
 45 mins ----- $55
 60 mins ------ $65
Every day we have 2 different girls working. All masseuses are well educated, professionally trained and strictly selected. New girls join our team always. Call for our popular masseuses and spend more time with your favorite girls.
You will enjoy nice environment, quality massage services and a professional personality. Our elegant & gorgeous girls with professional & exotic massage skills will pamper you all the time from top-to-toe and have a can-do attitude to make your time with us more valuable! 
Our shop is decorated with exquisite high-class style, a clean massage place with peaceful atmosphere. All clients can enjoy a quiet, private and immaculately decorated room with pleasant low lighting and air-condition. A very relaxing classical music will accompany with you during whole massage service. Open 7 days: 10am-7pm 

Today I noticed a new RnT on Cracker that has just opened at 224 Darling St Balmain, easy parking in Booth Street. 1 Hour is $65 and after paying a very attractive M.L.C. lady in her early 30's an extra $50, her clothes came of straight off and we went straight into massive tackle tickle, her bush was neatly trimmed and licking her Cunt was nice and sweet, this 2 room RnT has just opened and the rooms are nice and large with doors that shut.
It is goo to see another RnT open is Balmain to compete with 220 Darling St.........recommended by The SeaRay


Floor: #2
Post Time: 23rd March 2018, 11:59 PM
Poster ID: bilko
Post Title: 
 Kelvina Massage - 2/244A Darling Street, Balmain - 0424 003 578
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jessie

Establishment : Kelvina Massage - Balmain

Date of Visit : 23/3/18

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Kelvina Balmain Asian Remedial Massage | Inner West Massage | Full Body Rub

Hours of Business : 10am - 8pm

Rates : $50 / 45 mins

Age : About 30

Size/shape : Medium build. slim but a bit of fat around the middle

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Massage / HE

Value for money/recommend? : Nope

My experience/comments : I had a bit of time to kill before i started work and decided to try a new massage place. I've been feeling a bit bored by my usual and although i planned to go full service for my next punt this opportunity just presented itself and i took it...

I'd been planning on checking this place out for months, a mate from work said he was offered FS for only $50 on top of the massage price so i was revved up and ready to go!

I walked up the steep stair case to the massage place and was greeted by Jessie, she was not unatractive but i wasnt all that excited when i compared what she looked like compared to online pics of the girls "who work there?"

After paying for 45 mins i went in and stripped down for my massage. Once on the table, as usual she asked how firm and i asked for a nice firm massage... What followed for the next 30 mins was what i could best describe as a girlfriend (with no massage training) giving you her best effort (shit) with way too much oil! The massage was more like a rub, and sure it was kind of nice and relaxing... But ive been spoilt at my local and kind of have higher standards... I think ive turned into a massage snob?!

Anyway I was anticipating the flip and once i did i got the usual hand signal for extras followed by "Take off?" I had already decided to take the cheap skate option as i didnt really want to see her little belly and i was quite sure by this point she was somewhat new to this otherwise just not good at it!

Once we had agreed on the finish, she applied soooo much oil to my cock, balls and thighs and commenced a nice slow build up to an explosive end. I will give credit where credit is due, she didnt rush the finish and used almost all of the remaining time, slowly getting me to the line. That part was good!

Overall its a thumbs down from me... probably wont be back, 

cheers


