Thread Title: Maggie - Sensai Thai, Burwood - 0406 819 449
Floor: #1
Post Time: 25th February 2017, 12:20 PM
Poster ID: melboy
Post Title: 
 Maggie - Sensai Thai, Burwood - 0406 819 449
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Maggie

Establishment: Sensai Thai Massage

Date of Visit: Thursday in early Feb 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: 0406819449 | 24/1 Railway Parade Burwood | Latest Cracker ad

Hours of Business: 10 am to 9pm 

Rates:  $40 / $50 / $65 for ½hr / ¾hr / 1hr

Age: Mid to late 20s

Size/shape: Slim w/ hint of amazon

Nationality or Ethnicity: Chinese

Services Provided: Massage & HJ only

While waiting for a bus in Burwood (just down from Oliver Brown) I noticed a massage shop I hadn't spotted before - unusually they project their advertising from their shop down on to the footpath. Trawling through cracker sometime later I came across a suggestive ad in the Body Rubs section for what I figured must be this same shop. Having a body, and needing a rub, I decided I should give them a try!

The shop is on the first floor, you take the lift up. Lift doors open and you step out straight out in to their waiting room. I meet Maggie who is sitting behind the reception desk but who I later discover will be my ML. She's in a short, off the shoulders number, revealing a nice tall & slim figure with broader shoulders than your average asian female.

Maggie leads me to my "section", and I note to my dismay that this shop is a "curtains only" kind of shop - there's zero privacy. I'm left to undress and get comfortable on the table. I can only have been lying there a few minutes and I can hear the dude in the next section over being jerked off followed by the sound of many, many, many tissues being deployed for the cleanup.

Maggie returns and beings dispensing a reasonable oil massage and I nearly fall asleep. Eventually the hot towels come out and I'm wiped clean. I'm then immediately asked to turn over - no sensual massage, no tackle tickle, nada. Soon after flipping Maggie asks if I want a HJ. I ask for an upgrade to a NHJ but she doesn't do this. Given the complete lack of privacy and with her having put zero effort in to getting me in to the mood, I'm unconvinced that I'll even enjoy the HJ, so I decline. She offers to go get the other girl who does do NHJ but not having even seen this ML I'm not interested in taking the punt.

Maggie actually seems to relax and be happier now that she's not going to be providing services of a sexual nature, and reveals a lovely  cheeky and fun personality with passable english skills. I now suspect Maggie must be quite new to the R'n'T industry, if not massage in general. Once she acclimatises better to her new line of work and/or gets to know you better I think she'll be good ML.

WIR? For normal massage only due to zero privacy


Floor: #2
Post Time: 25th February 2017, 10:28 PM
Poster ID: wachumba
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
The shop was a legit Thai massage shop for over 2 year but recently started advertising on cracker and other sites due to change of management.


