Thread Title: Narai Thai - 3 Georgina St, Newtown - 02 9517 1999
Floor: #1
Post Time: 28th April 2013, 08:48 PM
Poster ID: secretjoe12
Post Title: 
 Narai Thai - 3 Georgina St, Newtown - 02 9517 1999
				
Post Content: 
3 Georgina St, Newtown,
Open 7 days, 10.30-10pm. 
30 mins oil for $40. 
60 mins was $85 (but offered with a 15% discount).
Name: Noi (or something like that)
Date of visit - early April (Thursday night)

Saw this place in the Telegraph and wondered about it. Seemed new and it turns out only open for a few months now. Georgina St is a little street off King St Newtown before Newtown gets busy, closer to the University. Right next to the cycle shop.
Flashing neon sign and as I approached saw the Thai ladies in their traditional legitimate massage clothes.

Asked for prices and was shown a board with a myriad of prices and options. These included traditional Thai, oil, aromatherpay type stuff and too many to remember. I recall a Deluxe package, which was recommended but seemed a bit pricey.
Shown to a newly painted, clean room. Told to leave underpants on. Laid down and waited. A few minutes later a young plump Thai girl entered and confirmed what type of massage I wanted - 30 mins for $45 i thought (although this eventually turned out to only $40). She was strong and very capable.

She started at the top and spent a while on my neck and shoulders. Eventually worked down to back and bottom, Rolled the towel she had previously placed on my backside into my undies and moved them all down an inch or two. Kept working all the way back up my back. Only worked on back. Never asked to turn over. No TT but my asthmatic chest felt a whole lot better afterwards for a couple of days. That alone was worth the effort, so a genuinely good massage, but nothing sexy to speak of.

When finished, offered a cup of tea and I chatted with another lady, maybe in charge. She tried to persuade me to come back every week and recommended the benefits of that. She was probably right, given what it did for my chest.
So if you want a good straight massage and not too expensive, then I would recommend. If you want something more, then head down the other end of King St.


