Thread Title: New Ashfield RnT
Floor: #1
Post Time: 18th July 2018, 08:45 PM
Poster ID: massageboy
Post Title: 
 New Ashfield RnT
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : LuLu

Establishment : Don't know the name

Date of Visit : 18/7/18

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 1/26 Hercules St, Ashfield

Phone : 0423966521

Hours of Business : Usual RnT?

Rates : $35/30 minutes, NHJ $50, DATY $30

Age : very early 20s

Size/shape : slim, sexy, beautiful

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : massage, DATY, NHJ

Value for money/recommend? : Fair

My experience/comments : 

MB was rather toey after a quite sensual but totally legit hot stone massage from one of my favourite Vietnamese MILFs. I was browsing the local rag and saw this new shop in Ashfield advertised. As it was in the adult section I was pretty sure something would be on offer and curiosity got the better of me. For locals, the entrance to the stairs is directly off the very busy Hercules street (directly adjacent to the station) and very public. I had a good look around and entered as quickly as I could. I was greeted by a young and very sexy ML in a short black dress called LuLu. The place looked good but although the 'rooms' are spacious they are just a step above the curtained ones in terms of privacy. Impossible to have a real conversation. Lulu made it quickly clear that extras were available and told me a NHJ was $50 (pretty pricey for this area but she is younger and sexier than the usual local fare). I asked very softly about extras and we had a whispered conversation. She offered DATY but nothing else so for the first time I paid $30 extra for DATY. She asked for the money in advance. She then assumed the 69 position but there was to be no BJ. She started a Hj but I stopped her as I wanted value for my $30. During the HJ she let me suck on her smallish but lovely young breasts. Her pussy was sweet (unshaved for those who have a problem with that) and the HJ brought me to a shuddering conclusion. Lulu has fair English but as previously indicated, a conversation is pretty much impossible given the proximity of the punter next door. The ML in the room next door actually answered one of my questions when Lulu misunderstood me!

It was was great to have a session with a sexy young Thai woman in my local area but given the public location, the lack of privacy in the rooms and the cost of extras I am not sure I will return. But on the other hand, Lulu was a delightful young minx and certainly encouraged me to come back next Wednesday. Maybe.


