Thread Title: Relaxation Massage - 234 Parramatta Rd. Stanmore - (02) 9569 0006
Floor: #1
Post Time: 2nd February 2016, 09:08 PM
Poster ID: bluey08
Post Title: 
 Relaxation Massage - 234 Parramatta Rd. Stanmore - (02) 9569 0006
				
Post Content: 
This place had a neon sign saying "coming soon" and it looks like they've finally opened, I did a scouting run as this place is located smack bang in between 208 Massage Oasis, and 252b Massage, the mamasan looked to be  a middle aged Thai lady, who suggested that there were 4 Thai ladies working, I asked for the prices and she stated that it was $52/30min and $90 something for an hour. At the front it said something about a 20% off opening special so thats why the prices maybe a little under market prices, for those that have been to 208 Oasis, it looks kinda similar to that shop, and judging by the pricing structure it looks like the standard Thai B2B price structure $60/90/120 30/45/60. I managed to do this scout after I spent my ammunition at 208, so I didn't TOFTT on this occasion.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 22nd June 2016, 01:27 AM
Poster ID: caseyjo
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Mischa

Establishment : Relax Massage

Date of Visit : 18 June 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 234 Parramatta Rd, Stanmore.  (02) 9569 0006   web:  Relax Massage Studio

Hours of Business : unknown

Rates : $65 - 30mins, $90 - 45 mins, $120 - 60 mins

Age : 25 (?)

Size/shape :  petite, slim, B cup, shaved pussy

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Nude RNT with bodyslide

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

Was on my way to 208 when I noticed this place.  As there were no reviews yet, I decided to TOFFT and try here instead.
Took the 30 min option and was allocated Mischa - she was young and attractive so no argument from me.  (The picture of her on the website is accurate)
Her English was passable though not great.  I had a shower first - the shower was spacious with modern fittings.
There seemed to be three rooms and they were tastefully decorated (Victorian style). The place looks like it has been completely refurbished recently.

I stripped and lay down on the table - which was a large size massage table.
Mischa came in (clothed) and began soft/sensual massage, which included draping her hair across my body,  Definitely not therapeutic, but quite pleasant. 
(Normally I prefer a firmer massage - but went with the flow. Perhaps she might have been more firm if I had asked for it)

Around 5 minutes in, I was just about to ask about the nude part, when she stopped, undressed and continued with the massage but now including body slide with her tits going all over my back and legs.

After about 5 mins came the flip, whereupon she put some oil over her breasts and resumed the body slide and light massage.  During this I was tempted to grope her tits and ass but did neither, so I don't know whether she would have gone along with it.

Another 5 mins and she rearranged herself to be sitting at the end of the table between my spread-eagled legs  with her legs draped near my chest.  This gave her great access for the HJ and massaging my nipples with her toes, but made it hard to reach her.  At least I had good view of her tits - she is quite pretty I thought.

After I blew, she jumped straight off the table and asked if I wanted a shower or to be cleaned up with hot towel.
This is always a turn off to me, and on another occasion I might have suggested some more massage to finish.  But I was a bit short of time anyway so didn't object.
I did at least get the clean up to stretch things out a bit further before heading to the showers again,  All up, with shower before and after, I was out the door in just under 30 mins.

Overall, this place is well set up, the price was reasonable, the girl was pretty and I left satisfied.  I expect I will return.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 3rd November 2016, 10:33 PM
Poster ID: erdo
Post Title: 
 234 Parramatta Rd - Oo La La
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Fiona

Establishment : Relax Massage

Date of Visit : 3rd Nov 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 234 Parramatta Rd, Stanmore.  (02) 9569 0006   web:  Relax Massage Studio

Hours of Business : unknown

Rates : $65 - 30mins, $90 - 45 mins, $120 - 60 mins

Age : 22

Size/shape :  petite <160cm, slim, C cup, shaved pussy

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Nude RNT with bodyslide + BBBJ / FS

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments :

Ventured into this artfully, well presented (think Victorian era) this afternoon.  Greeted by the older thai receptionist and chose $120 hour long erotic massage.  I was then greeted by Fiona - short, thai, with a mischievous grin wearing a sexy black one piece body hugging dress that only covered 50% of her arse...a sight to behold as I followed her to the dimly lit room.

Off to the shower - well presented, modern and clean.

Back to the room and 40 mins of medium massage with Fiona nude the whole time, a mix of sensual, erotic, teasing and therapeutic massage.  This period ended with increasingly aggressive grinding of her pussy on my arse and plenty of tackle play.  Time to flip

Was greeted by lovely tits and a smooth shaved pussy - plently more grinding, simulation reverse cowgirl and then grinding her pussy up and down my shaft.  A little reposition and my fingers found her now moist clit and she went off - a little squirt and a wriggling mess.  I asked her if she would like some supper in the form of my cock in her tight pussy?  An immediate yes, but she first elected to dine on me to the point I thought I would explode and knock her head off.  On with the raincoat and I flipped her over and unloaded from behind until my explosion left her sweaty and limp.

Off to the shower, left her a $50 tip.  All in all, maybe a little $$ but for the age, effort and stunning pocket rocket I was happy with the cost


Floor: #4
Post Time: 2nd January 2017, 07:13 AM
Poster ID: rabman
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Abi

Establishment : Relax Massage

Date of Visit : Dec 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 234 Parramatta Rd, Stanmore.  (02) 9569 0006  

Hours of Business : not sure

Rates : $59 30mins

Age : mid 20s ?

Size/shape :  slim small boobs

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Nude massage body slide

Value for money/recommend? : Ok

My experience/comments :

Rocked up to this place just before Christmas and was very busy. Other punters were being turned away as I waited for someone to be free. 
They had a special on of $59 for half hour. 
I was finally led into the room by Abi. Nice smile and seemed very friendly. 
Had my shower and onto the table. 
Abi gave me an ok massage but there was nothing too erotic about it. She still had her undies on and gave a very mechanical body slide. 
She then asked me to turn over and was keeping her undies on. I asked her to remove them and it was like she couldnt be bothered but did so because she had to. 
There was not much play and hardly a smile from her despite my attempts at small talk. 
Finished me with the tug that I needed but she seemed bored throughout the whole thing. 
After I cleaned up and got dressed she decided to get friendly and smile again like she was a different person. 
I would try this place again because it has a nice set up but definitely not see Abi again. 


Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk


