Thread Title: Romeo's - 108 New Canterbury Rd, Petersham - 02 9569 5500
Floor: #1
Post Time: 1st March 2010, 05:18 PM
Poster ID: totorro
Post Title: 
 Romeo's - 108 New Canterbury Rd, Petersham - 02 9569 5500
				
Post Content: 
Romeos has some great looking korean girls for massage/bodyslide/RNT/CBJ. There were a few good looking girls on the day i went. Ended up chosing  Tiffany. With the usual shower together and play around she  makes you feel like she is into the job and is happy for you to be touching her all over which is great. She gives a great body slide and CBJ was tops. Definately reccomend trying her out. even ended up lying and chatting for a while which was nice not being rushed out the door.
Have fun.

108 NEW CANTERBURRY ROAD Petersham NSW (02) 9569 5500


Floor: #2
Post Time: 7th June 2010, 09:27 PM
Poster ID: jamesJ63
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Tried Serra at Romeo's -$165 for one hour - very good looking and friendly with as great ass.

However, shower and dry massage, followed by oil massage, followed by hot towel massage used up a lot of the $165 on straight routine massage. No light touches or ball play.

Bodysliding massage was fine and she worked hard on the cbj to get me over the line but while very pleasant gfe, it didn't make me blow my load with any great intensity. Best part was feeling her tits and ass during the bodyslide. I like a girl who's a bit more of an exhibitionist.

Lots of girls to choose from and I suspect that you need to know which give a more erotic experience.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 14th June 2010, 08:49 PM
Poster ID: EvilGenius
Post Title: 
 An experience on 11/05/2010
				
Post Content: 
Originally posted elsewhere 18/05/2010

Shop Details:

Romeo's Massage 
Address
108 New Canterbury Road Petersham
Phone
(02) 9569 5500

I haven't been to this place for a couple of months. My favourite has left (I assume to pursue her other career) and I have been having a lot of fun elsewhere. So out of curiosity, I decided to pay a return visit to see who was on their roster now. On the way, I called in at the pub down the road to ogle the strippers and topless barmaids.

When I arrive, reception (Jenny) greets me by name (a nice touch), puts her arm around my shoulder and directs me to the waiting room. Three ladies introduce themselves, and the names go in one ear and out the other. Jenny returns and asks for my choice. She has a list of ladies and reminds me it their names. I opt for Mimi (the tall one). She seemed a little more interested in the intro.

Mimi:

Tall – about 5'8" (difficult to be precise – she had her hair tied up on the top of her head), size 8, but looked slimmer due to her height. Small cute A cups.  Below, the bush is lightly trimmed. Korean of course and with English better than needed for the task to hand. We were able to make some small talk.

The Session:

Begins in the usual way, we both get naked and shower together. Mimi gives me a very diligent scrub down and at the end, hands me the towel – some of the ladies I have seen here dry you off as well. Then face down onto the table. Mimi skips the firm massage through the cloth which is usually the first part and goes straight for the oil massage. It is good rather than exceptional. She spends a lot of time at the head of the table, so my hands wander to the back of her thighs and her buttocks. They are delightful to hold. She then gives my legs a brief massage.
Next, the hot towels come out of the little esky and are spread over my back. At this stage some of the ladies walk on your back. I am glad that Mimi didn't. She would be too heavy for my liking (because she is 5'8" and not 5'2" like some of the others). Instead, she used her hands and knees together to apply pressure.

Towels come off and the magic bodyslide lotion is applied and she begins the slide on my back. The only complaint I could make is that she only has A cups, but I would rather natural As instead of overly firm enhanced Bs or Cs. She certainly is proficient at the slide. However, she misses out on the catbath. Turnover time and lotion is applied again and there is more proficient sliding. My hands wander over her body.

Then on with the latex and the CBJ commences. Mimi positions herself so that I have an excellent view of her nether regions in the mirror, and they are within reach. So I begin to play. She then moved to a 69 position – all the while continuing the CBJ – however she is just that little too far away for DATY. So I make do with some clit play. Her CBJ is very good. In fact good enough for me to come even though I had a few beers under my belt.

Then follows a brief cleanup, a brief head massage, the second shower and another diligent scrub down. She leaves me to rinse myself down, dries herself and lays my clothes out neatly. We dress, head downstairs, I pick up the discount voucher and am on my way.
The verdict:

Pleasant without being particularly memorable. I have used words like diligent and proficient – I could have equally used methodical or even mechanical. There didn't appear to be any real involvement or enthusiasm coming from her.

Return Visit? To the shop – yes. I have a $40 discount voucher to use. To Mimi – I don't think so. I think further visits to her will be carbon copies of the first.

And BUGGER, I now realise the discount voucher has expired. They are only valid for 30 days.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 26th July 2010, 03:43 PM
Poster ID: koolace
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Establishment and/or person's Name:Naomi @ Romeo

Contact Details/Address:Romeo

Hours of Business: (if known or applicable) : 6-4am

Prices: 165 for 1hr

Age: 22-28

Size/shape: D Cup

Nationality or Ethnicity: Korean

Services: RNT

Value for money/recommend?: Yes

Hi visited this establishment last tuesday.

First time there. the reception was nice (i wish she was s WL).

Showed me the girls about 6 of them. Had an eye on one. She was'nt the prettiest(compared to the other one) but she seem very willing to please.

the rep said it was her first time, and suggested naomi(the shortest out of the lot , but most prettiest) who has had more experience. She did a good job , finished on her face accidentally   .

Stats.
face: 8/10 -(seem kind of tired when we first meet)
body: 7/10 - nice breast d cup
attitude : 8/10
personality: 8/10
Massage : pretty good for a rnt

Afterward we had a chat , she said she is leaving soon , back to korea. I felt bad for her , she was tired and had another 5hrs to go.

Saw a guy in the lobby a hairy fat  guy, hopefully she didnt serviced him.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 2nd September 2010, 11:50 PM
Poster ID: qgabs001
Post Title: 
 Romeo's Petersham - Kara
				
Post Content: 
Establishment and/or person's Name: Romeo's Massage Petersham - Kara

Contact Details/Address:108 New Canterbury Road Petersham 9569 5500

Hours of Business: (if known or applicable)pen till 4am

Prices:125/ 45 165/60 ($40 discount for next visit)

Age: 22 (but looks younger)

Size/shape: Slim and petite, about 5'6'' A cup breasts

Nationality or Ethnicity:Korean

Services: Massage, bodyslide, cat bath, CBJ

Value for money/recommend?: 7/10 

My experience/comments: 
I rocked up at Romeo's to use up my $40 discount card from a previous visit. Saw 4 girls and chose Kara for her "girl next door" cuteness and she reminded me of a former flame.

Kara has small a cup breasts and a nice tight derriere. She is unshaven in an 80's porno way which made me wish i could do an 80's porno style moneyshot for my happy ending 

Well, i drew the closet room which is tiny. Not happy with that but Kara held my hand all the way up the stairs and was smiling and chatty so all was forgiven.

Scrub down in the shower and away we went.Kara's english is pretty good so we conversed during the massage, which was pretty good.

Body slide time and her smooth skin was very invigorating but her inexperience started to show. Her movements were unsure and there was no continuity. This continued at turnover time. The cat bath both front and back were very short. The CBJ was also quite disappointing but things looked up when she straddled me and faux cowboy rode me to the finish. 

Kara is a sweet girl but hasn't been doing this long enough (only been in australia for 3 months). She has the right attitude and a little more experience will go a long way.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 31st October 2010, 11:37 AM
Poster ID: matty83
Post Title: 
 Cherry @ Romeos
				
Post Content: 
Romeos Massage:

108 New Canterbury Rd. Petersham 95695500

Prices: 160 hr 

Age: 19-22

Size/shape: Tiny, Nice b Cups

Nationality or Ethnicity: Korean

Services: Massage, RNT, CBJ

Value for money/recommend?: Yes, you pay extra but the rooms are nice, the service is good and you are guaranteed CBJ

My experience/comments:  Chose Cherry from a 7 girl line up, all nice korean ladies. Led up the stairs to a room with a shower. Showered with Cherry, she washed me down and lots of good touching. On to the table, nice firm bodyside massage, turned over for a hj, the girls here slip the dom on without you noticing and before you know it, you are getting a CBJ. Finished, back into the shower for another good wash.
Highly recommended.

Romeos has a good discreet entrance at the back.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 7th November 2010, 07:33 AM
Poster ID: funseeker
Post Title: 
 Cara in Romeo
				
Post Content: 
Establishment and/or person's Name: Cara in Romeo

Contact Details/Address: Petersham

Hours of Business: (if known or applicable)

Prices: 165 per hour

Age: du know

Size/shape: not bad

Nationality or Ethnicity: Korean

Services: Massage (no full service)

Value for money/recommend?: bit high for no sex but can be worth it depend on some                       girls

My experience/comments: Have been Romeo in Petersham several times and 
let me say its 'not bad' kinda place.
6 girls been introduced and only 1 smiled at me.
Took her straight away and she called herself Cara.
Small tits but nice body.
Good skills of massage and BBBJ.
Licking and sucking? Oooooh yeah!!
Try her, you guys gonna be kind of regular like me.(Here you must have at least 1 full sentence - "Ill be back" or "good value" is not a sentence or review. 20 word minimum please)


Floor: #8
Post Time: 6th December 2010, 04:21 PM
Poster ID: bigbird
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Katie 

Establishment : Romeos 

Prices: $160 for the hour 

Age: 25ish

Size/shape: Petite size 6

Nationality or Ethnicity: Korean

Services: Massage, body slide and CBJ and HJ

Value for money/recommend: Yes 

My experience/comments: I saw Katie at 3:00am, the place was packed. She was a lovely girl but I suspect by that time most of the girls are pretty tired. 
I would suggest going at a time when it is not so busy. I did recevied a $40 voucher which I used. and have am reviewing the girl next.


Floor: #9
Post Time: 6th December 2010, 04:25 PM
Poster ID: bigbird
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Isabella

Establishment : Romeos
Hours of Business: 
Prices:$250 for a 90 with spa (used my voucher $40 from above to reduce to $210) 

Age: late 20's

Size/shape: Petite size 6, about 172cms

Nationality or Ethnicity:Korean

Services: Very sensaul massage, lots of teasing and used of the toungue all over the body. 

Value for money/recommend?: Yes 

My experience/comments: Isabella is well worth seeing, she provides a level of service above what I have experienced at Romeo's. 
She give you a cat bath which is really enjoyable. The CBJ was reasonable however the HJ was very good. 
She nows how to take you to the edge. 
My first time with the 90 mins has some time and money to spare so decided to try it. 
I do not recommened it unless you really know the girl and speak the language.


Floor: #10
Post Time: 17th December 2010, 10:56 PM
Poster ID: EvilGenius
Post Title: 
 Romeo's Petersham 2 Dec 2010 Isabel
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Isabel

Establishment (if applicable): Romeo's Petersham

Contact Details/Address: 108 New Canterbury Rd  Petersham

Hours of Business: (if known or applicable) I think 10:00 am to after midnight

Prices: $165 ph ($40 discount voucher for use next visit)

Age: mid 20s

Size/shape: Slim, natural A cups, nice curves, about 5'4"

Nationality or Ethnicity: Korean

Services: Massage, CBJ, HJ

Value for money/recommend?: Sort of recommended - for one visit anyway.

My experience/comments: 


I haven't been to this place for six months or thereabouts, so decided to pay another visit. When I turn up, a couple of guys are struggling to get a large lounge through the back door. Reception is also there and recognised me. She says it is a while since I was last there and remarks that I have lost weight. I was surprised by her memory and powers of observation.

I am shown to a waiting room and four ladies do the "Hello my name is ..." thing. Reception then returns and asks which one I would like to see. She has a piece of paper with the names of the ladies and the order of their introduction. She is well organised. I choose Isabel for an hour.

The session was pretty much the standard for this place. It began with the shared shower during which Isabel scrubbed me down. Then face down on the massage table and a firmish massage through a thin towel followed by an oil massage. Then there was the hot towels and a little walking on my back. Then to the fun bit. Isabel tells me to watch in the mirror, applies the slippery lotion and begins the bodyslide. At the same time she commences her fake moaning.

The sliding is pleasant. A cat bath follows – again quite well executed. Turn over and there is the body slide to the front, some eye contact and smiles. The latex is then applied and a pleasant (albeit brief) CBJ ensues. Latex is removed and there is an pretty good tug to the happy ending. During this Isabel is sitting astride my thigh, rubbing herself against me. There is a second shared shower.

Overall, Isobel was pleasant, attentive and polite. I certainly felt pampered, but the session was missing that spark that would draw me back to her. She is certainly not one to avoid. She is a would see again, not a must see again.


Floor: #11
Post Time: 20th December 2010, 05:26 PM
Poster ID: lilo
Post Title: 
 Romeo's massage - petersham
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Sam

Establishment (if applicable): 108 cantebury road

Contact Details/Address:

Hours of Business: (if known or applicable)

Prices: 180/hr

Age: 22

Size/shape: 8 and very hot

Nationality or Ethnicity: Asian

Services: CBJ and RNT


Value for money/recommend?: Reasonable value, but excellent experience. 

My experience/comments: I will be back for more. Plenty of girls to choose from and if you have not had a body slide, this is the place for you. They are very focussed on a relax time and just lay back and enjoy


Floor: #12
Post Time: 2nd January 2011, 06:01 PM
Poster ID: hotmale
Post Title: 
 Romeo's
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Forgot

Establishment (if applicable):Romeo

Contact Details/Address:108
NEW CANTERBURRY ROAD
Petersham

Hours of Business: (if known or applicable) untill 4AM

Prices:165 for one hour

Age:20 or 21

Size/shape:Slim / Busty

Nationality or Ethnicity:Korean

Services:Sensual Massage

Value for money/recommend?: yes

My experience/comments: Sorry ! i dont remember the Name but when i go again i will post the name. Very Nice and Firm brests, Clean Shave and hard massage. She gave me a BJ in 69 Position and it was really sensual.


Floor: #13
Post Time: 26th January 2011, 09:39 AM
Poster ID: goon.2011
Post Title: 
 Cara@Romeos
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Cara

Establishment (if applicable): Romeos

Contact Details/Address: 108 New Canterbury Rd, Petersham

Hours of Business: (if known or applicable)

Prices: $165/hr (with $40 discount coupon for your return visit)

Age: 24 maybe?

Size/shape: Sz8, B cup chest

Nationality or Ethnicity: Korean

Services: B2B, with CBJ and HJ

Value for money/recommend?:
First visit to Romeo's. Had a line up on around 6-7 girls. Was quite impressed with the average quality. I chose Cara, because she appeared the most warm in the line up.
Service sometimes seemed a little routine, but you could tell Cara had a lot of experience and some of her techniques were quite memorable and unique!
Massage was particularly good! Especially when she stands up on top of you to massage your back with her feet!
The B2B was also quite enjoyable too, but again seemed a little routine.
She also lies beside you after the main event, which does provide a degree of GFE, but not really my thing.

All in all, had quite a good experience and will likely be back to use the $40 coupon, which is given for all massages >60mins.


Floor: #14
Post Time: 12th March 2011, 04:11 PM
Poster ID: GTR4N
Post Title: 
 Bella - Romeos
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Bella

Establishment : Romeos

Date of Visit: 1/09/2010

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: 108 New Canterbury Road, Petersham

Hours of Business: not sure

Rates: Rates: 30 min = $100, 45 min = $125, 60 min = $165

Age: mid 30s

Size/shape: Petite

Nationality or Ethnicity: Korean

Services Provided: Massage, RnT CBJ

Value for money/recommend?: a lil be expensive

My experience/comments: Venue was quite clean with a discrete back entrance, being my first time I wasnt sure what to expect, we had a shower and then she set me up on the bed for a nice relaxing massage, her techniques were very relaxing, finished off with a CBJ.


Floor: #15
Post Time: 20th March 2011, 08:28 AM
Poster ID: tgr
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Lauren

Establishment : Romeos

Date of Visit: 19/03/11

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: 108 New Canterbury Road, Petersham

Hours of Business: ?

Rates: 125 / 45 min

Age: mid 20's

Size/shape: Slim, about 5" 6' height

Nationality or Ethnicity: Korean

Services Provided: Massage, Rnt, CBJ

Value for money/recommend?: Cheaper than other places but not the best service

My experience/comments: This was my first time here and first impression of the venue was good.  Greated by the receptionist (who was hotter than either of the girls in the line up....) and shown 2 girls.  Picked Lauren for 45 min.  Got to the room and Lauren started showering me - and made the nice comment, by manboobs are bigger than her's.  Felt quite good about that one....... 

After the shower had the massage which was very strong and a tad painful, but overall a good massage.  Then she oiled up and started the body rub which didn't last for long before she asked me to turn over.  Then she started trying to get out of the cbj by saying the condom won't fit - after a bit of playing with the tackle she tried putting it on and it did fit, so she started with the CBJ which was ok, but not great.  After a bit of that and a bit of tugging she asks you cum soon?  All of this with her sitting on the end of the table way out of reach.  Eventually I sit up and start touching her - to my surprise she allowed light fingering which eventually got me over the line.

All up the venue looked ok so I would go back, but pick someone other than Lauren.


Thread Title: Romeo's - 108 New Canterbury Rd, Petersham - 02 9569 5500
Floor: #16
Post Time: 15th April 2011, 05:16 PM
Poster ID: superclarkent
Post Title: 
 Sophia @ Romeos Massage Petersham Sydney NSW
				
Post Content: 
Got to Romeo's Massage in Petersham late on Thursday night. There was line-up of about 5 girls available.
Sophia came in wearing a singlet and hotpants, and gave a big Hello with a warm smile on her face .
She's about Korean, 1.65m in height, longish curly hair, very curvy and has approx C cups. Pretty face... kind of young asian Pamela Anderson like
We get into the room and she helps me undress and we get into the shower together. She asks me to turn around to clean my back and surprisingly hugs me from behind and starts to rub my manhood, getting it hard. Then with extra girlfriend effect starts to gently kiss at my back and neck. Nice!
I lie down on the table and get the obligatory Korean back massage. There was decent pressure and I can't complain about anything in particular, but I've nonetheless had better. 
Then comes the catbath and bodyslide. After lathering me up whilst I'm lying face-down with warm oil, she then places my feet on her breasts before mounting me and rubbing her breasts between my toes, then up my legs and before allowing her nipples to draw circles across my back. In the meantime she's selectively kissing me and sucking sitting areas on my hips, butt and neck.
After turning over and repeating a very similar treatment on my front she begins to suck at my balls whilst rubbing my cock. Then surprising out of nowhere she's starts giving me a blow job. I'm a little shocked until I realise that she had already slipped on the dom without me know - skill! Vigorously sucking and massaging my sack I then feel per insert a finger gently into my anus - another surprise making me sit upright. I slowly lie back down and she decides to get in the 69 position and continue sucking until I finally blow my load. Then she turns around, lies on top of me and starts drawing circles on my chest with a fingers.
After the cleanup is done we get back in the shower and once again gives me a nice clean and hug.
We part... I feel pampered.

Outta 10:
Face: 7.5
Body: 7.5
Massage: 7
Service: 8.5
Return factor: 8


Floor: #17
Post Time: 21st April 2011, 09:04 AM
Poster ID: chad
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Chloe (I think that's what the receptionist said)

Establishment : Romeo's

Date of Visit: April

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: 02 9569 5500

Hours of Business: till 4am, Fri/Sat 5am

Rates: $125/45 min, $165/60 min, $255/90min

Age: 22

Size/shape: Pretty face, Petite, Slim, B cups (soft)

Nationality or Ethnicity: Korean

Services Provided: Shower Wash, Massage, B2B, CBJ, HJ

Value for money/recommend?: Yes

My experience/comments: (Here you must give at least a general description of the experience which you have had - 25 word minimum is required to give fellow members an idea of time spent - "Ill be back" or "good value" is not a sentence or review. )

First time trying out Romeo's - have tried Midas and Oriana - reviews to come later. Made a booking over the phone for evening - for some reason they requested a number to call back on.
Took a little while to work out my bearings in Petersham and found the front entrance and back entrance (little driveway diagonally opposite Livingstone Pub)
I actually thought the front entrance was discreet as when you step off the road, you are in a little recess and you press the doorbell and the receptionist answers pretty quickly.

Directed into the waiting room by the receptionist and she gave a rundown before sending in a line-up of 5 girls. First impressions were most not really my type, or the look I like, Slim / fit + bust + large eyes, but went with a petite girl who was wearing 
hot clothing. The reception suggested her name was Chloe and I agreed to go for 45min (first time and all)

Led upstairs past reception (given a Vitamin C drink). The rooms are pretty nice with a couch, shower and massage table. Each room also has a LCD TV playing the latest Korean Pop music videos.

Chloe is friendly and we chatted a bit - both undressed - she is tiny, slim with nice b cups and she led me to the shower for a perfunctory washdown with soap and water. After she washed me and told me to dry off, she showered herself. 
Onto the Massage table face-down for a bit of towel massage (no oil). For someone so petite, she is surprisingly strong. I wouldn't say it was a great massage, but that wasn't what I was there for. Finished off with a great foot massage on the soles of the feet (this was good). She then got some sort of warm liquid and applied it to both myself and her. Bodyslide felt great as her breasts were so soft - looked really good in the mirror where she liked watching herself as well as reaching the tackle. Licks and sucks at various points while sliding.
Asked to turn over where she did the same thing on the front - licking and sucking on the balls. Slid up for my B2B and HJ. She sat up - applied the dom and started a CBJ which looked awesome but didn't really do much and was pretty short as maybe she detected that - she moved to reverse cowgirl and went back to the HJ with lots of nice ball work. Finished up and she took me back into the shower was a washdown.
I don't know what they used but it was great as there was no oily residue. 

Left out the back door and went on my way.

Chloe is a lovely girl and friendly. Petite Slim B cups with nice breasts. CBJ was a bit short, massage not that great, but everything else was great! I would probably see again


Floor: #18
Post Time: 27th April 2011, 01:59 PM
Poster ID: rush2011
Post Title: 
 Monica @ Romeos
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Monica

Establishment : Romeos massage Petersham

Date of Visit: 24/04/2011

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: 108 new canterbury road petersham

Hours of Business: idk

Rates: $95 for 30mins

Age: late 20's early 30s although she said she was younger

Size/shape: probably 5'6, not to too slim or chunky - very nice body!

Nationality or Ethnicity: Korean i think

Services Provided: Great shower wash, body slide, CBJ, hand relief

Value for money/recommend?: yes very!! 

My experience/comments: First time at parlour - and i explained that to the manageress. a few younger girls came in, better looking but a bit quiet. manager said try monica, she is very good, you will come back! so i took a punt LOL.

She told me to undress and hop in shower. the room was clean and warm so all ok. then she jumped in, which i wasnt expecting!!! washed my body paying special attention to certain areas 

she then asked me to lay on table, lots of mirrors, proceeded to oil me up and slide up and down. she had a great body, and let me touch her upper body but not below. lots of fake moans which annoyed me, and tryed to put finger inside my ass which freaked me out!!
she then went down on me, and i was worried for a sec because i didnt see her use a condom, but it was there. good head job and finished with hand relief as she simulated riding me. all in all a good time 
I would go back.
Anyways, go easy on me guys as this is my first post and cant view the standard as of yet.


Floor: #19
Post Time: 5th June 2011, 10:25 AM
Poster ID: novice
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Katie

Establishment : Romeo's

Date of Visit: 4th June 2011

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: n/a

Hours of Business: 11:00pm to 5:00am (I'm not a 100% sure).

Rates: $165 for 1 Hour

Age: 26

Size/shape: Slim and petite.

Nationality or Ethnicity: Korean

Services Provided: Shower, Massage, B2B Slide, Body Kiss, HJ.

Value for money/recommend?: Yes (You receive a $40 discount for your next 1+ Hour visit if you chose a 1+ hour session).

This was my first time to Romeo's and the premises exceeded the expectation I had in my mind. 

The receptionist was very friendly and I was shown several ladies before I choose Katie.

Although it's my first time to Romeo's I have been to M8, Oriana etc, so I did know what to expect in terms of the massage and services. I didn't get the WOW factor here, but I won't say I got a dud.

The session started off with a shower with Katie where she washed me down. We then proceeded onto the massage table (face down). The massage was pretty decent, followed by the B2B slide and HJ.

Overall Romeo is a great place (especially when you receive the $40 discount) for value. 

Outta 10:
Face: 8.5
Body: 8
Massage: 8
Service: 7 (Katie) 9 (Receptionist)
Return factor: 8


Floor: #20
Post Time: 29th June 2011, 12:16 PM
Poster ID: mvd
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Yuki

 Establishment : Romeo's

 Date of Visit: End of June 2011

 Contact Details/Address/Weblink: 02 9569 5500

 Hours of Business: till 4am, Fri/Sat 5am

 Rates: $125/45 min, $165/60 min, $255/90min

 Age: maybe 24 

 Size/shape: Pretty face, size 8, C cups (I have no idea about sizes, but she has a nice set), 165cm tall

 Nationality or Ethnicity: Japanese

 Services Provided: Shower Wash, Massage, B2B, CBJ, HJ

 Value for money/recommend?: Yes, the $40 discount is a bonus but I would return regardless.


Dropped by Romeo's last night after my training session. And as i was driving there a light rain started to fall down from the sky. I thought this was great as it might mean I get a better selection of ladies since the rain might stop people from going tonight (please note I was being greedy, and I don't wish any bad fortune on Romeo's as I actually like the place!).

After arriving at the venue and getting inside, the receptionist (named Jane according to the $40 discount card) lead me straight upstairs and into my room. She then asks me to take a seat as goes and gets the line up. The lineup starts off great, with Yuki giving me a great smile with her greeting. And then Bam!! the others follow; some were pretty good looking but weren't as engaging with their greeting, a few looked totally not wanting to be there and the others just weren't my type. All up I was shown a total of 8 girls in the space of around 20 seconds, and man If I was at a full service place I would have no problems picking at least 4 from that list. When Jane came back to ask for my pick I was still trying to process all of the girls, but i eventually picked Yuki for an hour based on the vibe I got.

Yuki returns to the room and we have a little chat. She speaks good English and likes to joke around and also sing along to the songs playing on her ipod (pop stuff like katy perry etc) . I think she's got a pretty face and a great body, curvy and sexy. Natural black colour hair. She's also got a couple of tattoos if that's important or a deal breaker for you; Angel wings of her back/shoulder blade and I think something small on her the top of her left arm where it meets the shoulder.

After our shared shower where she scrubbed me clean, got on to the massage table where she gave me a pretty good massage even after her disclaimer that she wasn't that good. She got my body cracking, popping and clicking fine. Next up was the body to body, and this was great. I could feel her erect nipples on me even after the crazy amount warm massage oil she squirted on me which felt almost like a slimy blanket if you know what I mean. And the view I got as I looked in the mirror was delightful; her ass in the air as she worked her breasts around my back.
She got me to flip over for some CBJ, but not before she had some fun. Was told to close my eyes and relax, which i did, as she slowly kissed and licked her way from my neck down to my johnson. It felt great. She eventually got down there and put on the 'dom before going to work. I would have like her take more time but it was as if she was trying to get off then and there. If she used a bit more suction she would have got me to blow, but she changed tactics. She removed the 'dom and then put some massage oil on my little guy then started working him furiously. It didn't long for me to shoot off a big round, and she looked quite pleased with her effort.

Yuki wiped up the mess, then we hopped into the shower again to clean up. Got changed and had another chat with Yuki before we went downstairs to collect my discount card and say goodbye.
It has been a while since I last came here, but the quality in the lineup is better than I remember. Will definitely be back soon.


Floor: #21
Post Time: 3rd August 2011, 02:10 AM
Poster ID: mvd
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Yuki

Establishment : Romeo's

 Date of Visit: 26 July 2011

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: 02 9569 5500

Hours of Business: till 4am, Fri/Sat 5am

Rates: $125/45 min, $165/60 min, $255/90min

 Age: maybe 24 

 Size/shape: Pretty face, size 8, C cups (I have no idea about sizes, but she has a nice set), 165cm tall

 Nationality or Ethnicity: Japanese

Services Provided: Shower Wash, Massage, B2B, CBJ, HJ


 Value for money/recommend?: Yes  



Repeat offender:

I went back to Romeo's as I still had my discount voucher to use. So I called ahead to see who was on, and I heard Yuki was working so I decided to book her in for an hour.

Got to the place, was welcomed by quite a cute receptionist who asked if I had made a booking. Confirmed that it was me, organised the payment and then went to get Yuki. She looked great in a white dress and gave that great smile that won me over the first time 

Similar experience to my previous visit, however I have to say that Yuki has improved her massage technique. Much more firm and assertive than before. She was proud of her effort 

I know she works Tuesday nights as both times i've seen her where tuesday, but i didnt ask her what other days she works. I didn't get to see the rest of the girls that night so I can't advise on whether the line up is better/same/worse than before.
But I will be back again


Floor: #22
Post Time: 5th August 2011, 06:08 PM
Poster ID: kanga
Post Title: 
 Ceci - Romeo's
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Ceci

Establishment : Romeo's

Date of Visit : 5 Aug 2011

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 02 9569 5500

Hours of Business :  opens at 10am I think till 4am, Fri/Sat 5am

Rates : $125/45 min, $165/60 min, $255/90min 

Age : about 25

Size/shape : about a size 8-10. She had hips and a nice bum but was not chubby. Boobs are b-c but fake. But what a good job. about 5'4" in the old scale

Nationality or Ethnicity : Korean

Services Provided : Massage, cbj, B2B, fondling

Value for money/recommend? : yes and with the discount for an hour for next time ( using a female logic) I will save $40 if I go back so how can I not return. Its wasting money.

My experience/comments : Finally got to this place after hearing so much about it.
Came in to the back door as others have suggested. Met by a young lady who took me to a room and said there were 3 girls .
They stuck there heads in quickly that I did not even get their names but the second one did look cute . The girl came back and actually had there names written down.
So, picked the 2nd one , up the stairs we go . 
I strip and get into the shower then she jumps in, washes me all over , nice, hands me a towel while she finishes washing herself.First a dry massage with her sitting on me.good. Then hot towels and her walking on me-better. Then the oil massage spending time on what I know is tight and she sensing it-even better.
Time to roll over , we do a little B2B then on with the dom and , what I would describe as an average CBj but then she does a b2b , rubbing her pussy against my little Kanga , and sucking my nipples like there mini ice creams.This felt real good.
I got a bit of boob touching and light outside pussy touching and with it came some moaning (from her- ). Now I know I'm not the worlds greatest lover (I am sure as hell hoping I am not the worse) so they had to be fake . 
Then she stood on the bed above my face , looking into the mirror , started playing with her self. If she was trying to get me hotter , it worked. It was real porn movie stuff. 
She then got into a 69 , put her pussy inches from my face and gave me a slow hj. Heaven. I was surprised I lasted this long
With that completed , we shared another shower and told time was up.
Probably 5-10minutes short but not a problem.
I got dressed , collected my save $40 voucher and was shown out the back door , feeling happy and pampered. What a place.
I did ask when did she work and her response was ..wait for it.........today


Floor: #23
Post Time: 15th August 2011, 10:10 AM
Poster ID: tonydr
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Kara

Establishment : Romeo's

Date of Visit: 12 August 

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: 02 9569 5500

Hours of Business: till 4am, Fri/Sat 5am

Rates: $165/60 min

Age: mid 20's

Size/shape: Pretty face, Great Perky body, B cups, unshaven (there)

Nationality or Ethnicity: Korean

Services Provided: Shower Wash, Massage, B2B, CBJ, HJ

Value for money/recommend?: Yes

My experience/comments: Popped in about 11pm and was shown 2 girls. The first girl looked hotter, but had a 1 second intro. The second girl was kara and took the time to say hello etc. I couldnt decide, receptionist recommended Kara.

Service was nice, she is a young girl. Did all the right things. Nothing mind blowing, but very much a turn on. She showered with me, cleaned the butt crack well but tongue didnt go near it. Her Hard massage was great, she definately kept up the pressure and strenghth. Her sensual massage was great, serious suction felt good. Didnt wander near butt, however her oral CBJ was a turn on and I came. A plus point is that her English was great, so communication was easy. On the negative side, her mouth didnt wander everywhere and she is v hair, however she never got her lap anywhere near my face.

I like the discount card to average out my spend, will probably use it someone else in 30 days and report back!


Floor: #24
Post Time: 30th August 2011, 10:27 PM
Poster ID: kanga
Post Title: 
 Romeo's - Amy
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name:Amy

Establishment : Romeo's

Date of Visit: 30 August 2011

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: 02 9569 5500, 108 new Canterbury road Petersham

Hours of Business:Sun to Thur till 4am, Fri/Sat 5am. Opens at 11am I think

Rates: $125/45 min, $165/60 min, $255/90min (Had the $40 voucher , running out soon, couldn't waste it))

Age: early to mid 20's

Size/shape: Pretty face, Nice shapely body, B cups enhanced I think ( I don't say fake-if I can feel them -they are real), shaven ( might be a small strip-hard to tell ,light was quite dim

Nationality or Ethnicity: Korean

Services Provided: Shower Wash, Massage,catbath, B2B, CBJ, HJ and simulated sex( will explain below)

Value for money/recommend?: Yes she was awesome

My experience/comments
Ok , my second visit, there were 4 girls available and Amy stood out. She is shortish , about 5'1" or 5'2" but not petite. She has a nice shape. She is a little chatty which I don't mind , nice bum and cute smile. She looks early 20's but I have been wrong before. As for the boobs , I did not touch them much but from what I did manage to feel they are possibly enhanced - as I said before if I can feel them -they are real not fake.
Did the usual shower with a feel and a nice scrub, I must admit even at this point I felt pampered.
Laid down on the table first a dry rub, then an oil rub massage , then hot towels and then she walked on me. 
Her massage is actually pretty good.
Then she licked me all over which was nice and then did the B2B.
Turned over and the B2B was done on the front.
She then kissed and licked her way down to little Kanga and did a CBJ, which went for a while. Got close, she stopped and did another B2B , rubbing her hips and boobs on you know who.
Then , she put little Kanga just outside her pussy whilst laying on me ( sort of just behind her pussy) and then proceed with simulated sex. It was great and I went off like a fire cracker.
She cleaned me up a little . Then it was a little funny . She jumped in the shower , then I did , we had a little chat , but the time was up and I left. Sort of felt like the end of a business transaction which I suppose it was. But the rest of the hour was great and I did have places to be and worlds to save.
I would defiantly see her again. 
She did say she is on most days.
We did discuss Juliet's opening on Friday and she said that there will be new girls there as most of the girls at Romeos are staying put.


Floor: #25
Post Time: 9th October 2011, 08:58 PM
Poster ID: novice
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Isabelle

Establishment : Romeo

Date of Visit: 9 Oct 2011

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: N/A

Hours of Business: till late.

Rates: $165 60mins

Age: 27

Size/shape: Slim and petite.

Nationality or Ethnicity: Korean

Services Provided: Shower, Massage, B2B Slide, Body Kiss, HJ.

Value for money/recommend?: Yes. You receive a $40 gift voucher for your next visit.

Headed down to Romeo's today for a massage, went during the arvo and only two girls available. I chose Isabelle. 

Nothing special with the massage, not WOW nor bad either. Started with a shower, then proceeded onto the massage table for a solid massage and it continued with a nice b2b massage from head to toe.

An interesting thing is that Romeo's will be closed from 10th Oct for renovations. I enquired about this and they believe it may take 3 weeks. So I believe in the meantime they will be operating out of their new joint (Juliet) until Romeo's is back up and ready.


Floor: #26
Post Time: 25th November 2011, 07:13 PM
Poster ID: cool888
Post Title: 
 Gina @ Romeo's
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Gina

Establishment : Romeo's

Date of Visit : 21/11/11

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :

Hours of Business :

Rates : 60mins / 165

Age : 24

Size/shape : 8 B/C cups
Nationality or Ethnicity : Korean

Services Provided : B2B / R&T

Value for money/recommend? : Yes & would come back again for her.

My experience/comments : Finished work late on Monday and decided to go to Romeo for first time since I heard some good feedback from forum. Had to wait about 15-20 mins before shown about 4 girls in the lineup. One that catches my eye was Gina as she is my type, ie. well rounded body and nice tits. 

I went for the big session with the spa (might as well try it)

Massage was ok i wish she did it a bit harder, a bit too soft for me... after the massage went to the spa and she made me felt welcomed and came close to me and kissed my body and touched my leg.

She then kissed my body and sat on my little brother and i fooled around.

Next off to the bed, body slide was ok, and than she licked my balls and then came the CBJ it was average and than a nice finish off.

Well i spent a lot but at end well deserved. Would come back again for her


Floor: #27
Post Time: 30th November 2011, 01:01 AM
Poster ID: watchblue
Post Title: 
 Pani at Romeo
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Pani

Establishment : Romeo - Petersham

Date of Visit : 26-11-2011

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Romeo - 108 Canterbury road - Petersham

Hours of Business :  mon-fri

Rates : 120 45min - 160 1 hour

Age : 23

Size/shape : busty

Nationality or Ethnicity : thai

Services Provided : thai massage

Value for money/recommend? : yes

My experience/comments : 

She really deserve that money, the massage was great and she treat you like a king, i will be back again very soon.

The girl is very cute,  the girl next door, she was te receptionist before for 3 months and she perform the massages to the customers.
She speaks a very good english so to communicate is not an issue at all.
She helped me in the shower and then we move on the table were to perform the massage. 

The massage was quite good, i choose the 1 hour massage for 170 dollars that also include the hot steam and oil massage.

After the normal massage routine, she start to kiss and lick all over on my back, then she asked me to turn and she start again to lick me all over, until she place on him a condom and she provided me a BJ.

I would say a great experience, and I will return back very soon for a second round  :-))


Floor: #28
Post Time: 27th December 2011, 04:02 AM
Poster ID: toolman
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Fanta

Establishment : Romeos

Date of Visit : 27/12/2011 2am

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : see other reviews

Hours of Business :  see other reviews

Rates : 165 hr / +5% for credit card

Age : unknown, guessing around 25

Size/shape : 5'5 / slim / c cups

Nationality or Ethnicity : korean

Services Provided : Shower, Massage, B2B Slide, Body Kiss, HJ.

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments :Just got back from a visit to Romeo's and must admit was very impressed.  I had previously gone to Midas a few years back, and had a great time, but there were alot of people hanging around the front after driving past which appeared a bit intimidating so i decided to look elsewhere. thanks to auxxx i noted that Romeos was just down the road, and made my way there.  Romeos is better positioned, with no issues parking at the front entrance (being boxing day evening helped). was greeted very warmly when entering, and was impressed by the decor. was shown 5 different girls a bit difficult to catch their names, but was impressed by the smile and larger looking breasts of the last girl, Fanta (i initially thought it was Fonda). Fanta was more than pleasant, and the service began with a mutual shower, with plenty of shaft and ball action whilst she washed me.  over to the massage table, and was massaged first with towel, then oil.  Although i would have preferred a slightly harder massage, at the start, this did improve towards the end. after the oil came hot towels, which really felt great, then further massaging.  finally lotion or milk as she explained, and the body slide began which was excellent.  her fantastic fun bags and equally good nipples were manouvered with great skill up and down my back, ass, and waist. this continued for quite some time, as well as slight kissing.  at one point my ass crack was even licked.  turn over and more milk and further body slide up and down stomach.  she had great skills and would have loved to have continued at this point into full service, but alas it is not offered here.  then came codom bj (which i was not aware occured here) and at the time thought i got an extra, but after reading other reviews realise this is standard.  finally came in condom whilst being blown, and then cleaned up. finished with another wash / shower with Fanta, and got dressed. got my discount card on the way out for next visit. overall an excellent experience, and a nice change from paying less amounts at cheaper RnT without the extra pampering and service.  will definately go back in the comming days whilst i am on holidays. 

Cheers, 

Toolman


Floor: #29
Post Time: 3rd January 2012, 01:04 AM
Poster ID: beatmusik
Post Title: 
 Romeo's Massage RNT
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sienna 

Establishment :   Romeo's massage

Date of Visit : last month

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :   (02) 9569 5500 			

Hours of Business : 11am tlll late

Rates :   $160 p/h

Age :   23

Size/shape :   tall, slender- B/C cup, gorgeous face

Nationality or Ethnicity :   Korean

Services Provided :   back rub/body slide/CBJ

Value for money/recommend? : highly recommended

My experience/comments : i've been to Romeo's once before and as i enjoyed the first, the 2nd came naturally. i was introduced to 3 girls and picked sienna for the next 1hr. i had lust for a tall, slender asian, with a short body fitting dress and long black hair and there she was! i wished she did FS so i had to ask and was declined politely. pretty standard service, back slides and so on! but the front slide was amazing, i suppose it was all falling into place hence the overwhelming excitment. hot korean rubbing her tits all over me with massage oil, 69 position with ample ball play, she did allow me to touch most places,  gorgeous face giving me a CBJ till completion all in all a happy ending. 

face: 8/10
body: 9/10
tits: 7/10
massage: unclear
cbj: 4/10 was pretty bad, but, she was goorgeous!


Floor: #30
Post Time: 1st April 2012, 07:36 PM
Poster ID: urmuda77
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Yea this place is good. I remember seeing eva there. Im not sure if she still is there but if she is its a definite must.

Starts with showering with u and hitting all the right places. Then she stands in front of u and guides ur hands to her perfect soft breats (Not good with sizes but dam there nice)

Then onto the bed. She gives a great frim massage, even stands on ur back and cracks it! After that oils come on and then she shifts into full gear. She even tells u to llok into the mirror as she slides all over ur back. She has a cute sexy face and its as if she wants u bad. She kisses and licks nearly every part of u.

Flipped over and the fun continues. She even rub her pussy over ur cock which is awesome. Then out of nowhere she has a dom in her mouth that i only realized wen she went to blow me. Ive had BJ before with dom and got nowhere. With eva she can make u cum so quick! Shower after and kiss on cheek.

Expensive but worth it if u can afford it. Even some of the other  girls rnt too bad but eva is the best!


Thread Title: Romeo's - 108 New Canterbury Rd, Petersham - 02 9569 5500
Floor: #31
Post Time: 3rd May 2012, 07:58 AM
Poster ID: tgr
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Gina

Establishment : Romeo's massage

Date of Visit : 19th March 2012

Age : Early 20's

Size/shape : Slim / medium height / small b cup chest

Nationality or Ethnicity : Korean

Services Provided : massage / CBJ / R'n'T

Value for money/recommend? : ABSOLUTELY!

My experience/comments:  I arrived there just passed midday and was taken to the waiting room but a couple of min later told no girls where on?  So I went off to do a few things and stopped by again about 3ish.  Was shown only one girl - Gina, but she seemed friendly enough so booked 45 min.  The session started with the shower where she washed me all over well, and then dried me off.  The massage was a touch on the painful side - hearing all my back and neck pop like that was a bit worrying, but afterwards I felt great (and that wasn't just from the ending  ).  When it came time for the bodyslide she told me to watch the mirror then proceeded to slide and kiss all over my body.  By this time I was ready, so she got me to turn over and started on the front.  After a little sliding on when the condom for the CBJ.  This was amazing - she stands up on the bed and bends over to perform it which leaves a great view, and she's happy for a little light touching (but not inside.).  This continues for a while then she switches to a HJ, again in the same position which was enough to get me over the line.

After that we chatted a bit while I recovered then it was back into the shower and I floated home!


Floor: #32
Post Time: 6th May 2012, 03:26 PM
Poster ID: donkeysplash
Post Title: 
 Gina
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Gina

Establishment : Romeo's massage

Date of Visit : March 2012

Age : Late 20s

Size/shape : Slim / medium height / small b cup chest / great ass

Nationality or Ethnicity : Korean

Services Provided : massage / CBJ / R'n'T

Value for money/recommend? : ABSOLUTELY!

Went into Romeo's (or 'Lomeo's' as the girl on the phone calls it!) late one night. I had the usual lightening fast introduction to 6 or 7 mostly attractive Korean girls - "hello my name is..." x 7. One girl I didn't quite catch her name, I asked for it again as she was walking out and she just shouted it down the corridor. Rude, I won't be picking her! Anyway, my best judge for this place (and many others) is pick the girl who is A) attractive and B) the most friendly (very important). Of course, the most friendly is not always the most attractive, but as long as she's not a bush beast it generally works out. Gina gave me 1.5 seconds of extra intro time and the glimpse of a smile so I chose her on the receptionist's recommendations - p.s. the receptionist's recommendation at this place shouldn't always be trusted. 

So, Gina was a late 20s Korean babe. She looked a lot younger and I had to ask how old she was to really find out. She was in teensy tiny little hot pants and a bikini top. She had a great, tight little ass and large C cups which I think were fake but were great nonetheless. Gina was actually very friendly, much more than many of the bored, do-it-by-numbers girls that often work at this place. She gave me a mean massage, cracking away at my back. It felt great. She used tonnes of oils and creams, did a wicked body slide and awesome CBJ with her ass in my face - what a view! Her bronze skin, amazing body and gorgeous face looked incredible, all covered in oil with my cock in her mouth. 

Towards the end of the session, Gina felt I was taking a little long, so, taking matters "into her own hands" she used an index finger with great results - something I haven't experienced since splitting with my crazy, kinky ex yonkers ago!!

She was fun, playful, sexy and knew her stuff!


Floor: #33
Post Time: 14th October 2012, 10:44 PM
Poster ID: potluck
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Chloe

Establishment : Romeo's 108 New Canterbury Road Petersham

Date of Visit : 13 September 2012

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Romeo and Juliet Massage - 6 star luxury massage services 9569 5500

Hours of Business : 10am till late

Rates : $130 for 45 mins, $170 for 1 hour, 1 hour sessions get $40 voucher to use on next visit

Age : 26

Size/shape : 160cm with nice round butt and perky B cup tits

Nationality or Ethnicity : Korean

Services Provided : CBJ, HJ, light fingering

Value for money/recommend? : 10/10

My experience/comments : Was really surprised by how good this session was. 

Haven't had an experience like this at a Korean RnT shop for ages. Walked in one afternoon with no booking and hostess shows me a line-up of 3. I don't like some of the over plastic Korean dolls that tend to work at these places so I picked Chloe who had the last makeup, looked the youngest out of all of them and most importantly had a frame that I wouldn't mind being rubbed all over my body.

She took me into the room, we both undressed and I already had a good vibe. She kept smiling playfully at me, we made some small talk while showering and she gave me thorough cleaning from top to bottom. Took her time with my cock and got me semi-hard just looking down at her while she was kneeling there looking at me with her schoolgirl eyes. I asked her how old she was and she told me she was 26 which was entirely believable. I'm early 30s so it's easy for me to tell when a woman is lying to me about which side of 30 she's on.

After that it was time for a massage, this is the only place I could fault her on, it was a very weak massage but at least she was sensual in the way she moved her hands over my body and rubbed the massage oil. Being a one hour session i had the hot towels and the back stepping which was nice but given the vibe that had been established in the shower I couldn't wait for the show to really get under way.

Then came part 2, she was a real GFE. Most Koreans are cold and just sorta mechanically rub their tits and butt over you but Chloe got right into it as she worked her nice firm natural tits over my body whilst blowing lightly into my ear and moaning ever so softly and clutching my hands at the same time. I was in absolute heaven. Then she turned me over proceeded to do the same on my chest but the best thing was she'd rub her pussy all over my extremely hard cock at this time without actually letting me penetrate her. She gave me a good covered blow job and then while she was finishing off with her hands, let me slip a couple of fingers just an inch into her wet cunt as I was about to blow my load. After she cleaned my jizz off she lay on top of me for a while just looking into my eyes and smiling. 

Writing all this makes me want to return but I'm interested in getting some FS from chinese girls elsewhere...Book Chloe@Romeos if you're into a young Korean girl who's sensual


Floor: #34
Post Time: 18th January 2013, 06:41 AM
Poster ID: neil98761
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I have been to this place many times, mainly to see Monica. Monica's service was excellent every time. Unfortunately she disappeared some time last year, without warning. Yesterday I turned up to view the lineup, in the naive hope that the service of the others might be nearly as good. Big mistake. I chose Tracy. She looked like a doll. Literally. Which was a bit strange. I have seen a Tracy here before, but this was a different one. She said she has been here 8 months. The service was dreadful in every possible respect. She seemed to have no concept of the word erotic. Romeo's need to improve their training. Or else get Monica back. I won't be returning until then.


Floor: #35
Post Time: 19th January 2013, 02:37 AM
Poster ID: mikeybee
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
erotic is when you rub two $50 notes together.........I think this maybe an old Chinese proverb...???

mb


Floor: #36
Post Time: 3rd March 2013, 01:40 PM
Poster ID: clk200
Post Title: 
 Romeo's @ Petersham
				
Post Content: 
[COLOR=#333333]Person's Name : Ellena[/COLOR]

[COLOR=#333333]Establishment : Romeo's Petersham[/COLOR]

[COLOR=#333333]Date of Visit : 1/03/13[/COLOR]

[COLOR=#333333]Contact Details/Address/Weblink :[/COLOR]

[COLOR=#333333]Hours of Business : 11 am - 4 am[/COLOR]

[COLOR=#333333]Rates : 60mins / 170[/COLOR]

[COLOR=#333333]Age : 25[/COLOR]

[COLOR=#333333]Size/shape : 6 ... C cup....probably fake[/COLOR]

[COLOR=#333333]Nationality or Ethnicity : Korean[/COLOR]

[COLOR=#333333]Services Provided : B2B / R&T/CBJ[/COLOR]

[COLOR=#333333]Value for money/recommend? : YES[/COLOR]

[COLOR=#333333]My experience/comments : I had spotted  Ellena in the line up on a previous visit and had actually made a booking to see her previously but missed out because I had been running late on that occasion. So I made a booking again and this time I made sure I was there on time. [/COLOR]

[COLOR=#333333]This girl is a real stunner. She knocked on the door of the waiting room and said hello and took my hand and led me upstairs. Watching her legs and ass in her short black dress I was sure that so far my decision to see her was a good one. We made it up to the room and started the conversation as we got ready for the shower. Her English is not great but it's enough to have a conversation. She told me she has been in Sydney for 8 months.[/COLOR]

[COLOR=#333333]We got into the shower together and she washed my front and back very gently and gave my LB extra attention and a good clean. She has the most precious hands and they feel great as they slide up and down your body.[/COLOR]

[COLOR=#333333]Onto the massage table and she started out with a nice head massage that was really relaxing. She then applied some oil to my shoulders and back and started the massage. Her technique is ok and the pressure is probably gentle to medium. I was happy to go with the flow and just lay there and let my mind and body relax after a busy week. On with the hot towels and some more massage and then it was time for the soapy liquid which she poured plenty of all over my body. She put the pillow down for my head to rest on so that I can watch the action in the wall mirror. The cat bath started from my legs all the way up to my neck and back down. By now I was well awake and so was my LB.[/COLOR]

[COLOR=#333333]When it was time for me to turnover I couldn't wait to get my hands on her body . She used her boobs to slide up and down my body and massage my LB nicely. She took turns at sucking my nipples while she gave me a nice HJ. After a while she put the dom on and started the CBJ. I couldn't finish while she was doing this so she ripped off the dom and resumed the HJ. I was getting very close while running my hands all over her body making sure they slid right up her inner thighs. I put my head back down on the pillow and let out a nice load all over her chest and hand. [/COLOR]

[COLOR=#333333]She cleaned me up and let me relax on the table while she got the shower ready. We finished together in the shower and got dressed with  about 5 mins left. [/COLOR]

Ellena is very friendly and I felt that I can actually build up a rapport with her and the service will improve even more. The worry with K girls is that even though they are stunning to look at, their icy attitude makes it very hard to have a good time but I was very happy with how friendly Ellena was.

In the last few weeks I have seen a few of the girls at Romeo's but so far for me Ellena is they only one that I am willing to visit again.

Cheers.


Floor: #37
Post Time: 3rd March 2013, 08:43 PM
Poster ID: clk200
Post Title: 
 Romeo's @ Petersham
				
Post Content: 
[COLOR=#333333][COLOR=#333333]Person's Name : Liz[/COLOR][/COLOR]

[COLOR=#333333][COLOR=#333333]Establishment : Romeo's Petersham[/COLOR][/COLOR]

[COLOR=#333333][COLOR=#333333]Date of Visit : 25/02/13[/COLOR][/COLOR]

[COLOR=#333333][COLOR=#333333]Contact Details/Address/Weblink :[/COLOR][/COLOR]

[COLOR=#333333][COLOR=#333333]Hours of Business : 11 am - 4 am[/COLOR][/COLOR]

[COLOR=#333333][COLOR=#333333]Rates : 60mins / 170[/COLOR][/COLOR]

[COLOR=#333333][COLOR=#333333]Age : Mid 20's[/COLOR][/COLOR]

[COLOR=#333333][COLOR=#333333]Size/shape : 8 ... D cup[/COLOR][/COLOR]

[COLOR=#333333][COLOR=#333333]Nationality or Ethnicity : Korean[/COLOR][/COLOR]

[COLOR=#333333][COLOR=#333333]Services Provided : B2B / R&T/CBJ[/COLOR][/COLOR]

[COLOR=#333333][COLOR=#333333]Value for money/recommend? : NO[/COLOR][/COLOR]

[COLOR=#333333][COLOR=#333333]My experience/comments : I had made a booking to see another girl (Ellena) at 5:30 pm but I was running late due to getting stuck in peak hour traffic. By the time I got there the receptionist informed me that Ellena was now busy but there were 5 other girls which she can show me. I was disappointed given that I was only 10 mins late but instead trying to make a point I thought I may as well see what's on offer. So out they came and one by one they introduced themselves. Liz was the 2nd girl in the line-up and after asking the receptionist about who she recommended I decided to go with Liz. Sometimes when I'm stuck on making a choice it always helps to ask the receptionist for a recommendation. For me this can be a bit of fun as you not really sure what you're going to get.

So into the room and the routine here is pretty standard. It starts with the shower together and this is where we go to know each other a bit and had a decent conversation as Liz gave me a good scrub. I find this very relaxing as you getting cleaned up and have the water pressure on your body, for me it can never go on for long enough.

Onto the massage table and Liz used the towel to dry my back and legs a bit more and she started with her massage, which I can best describe as not too firm but certainly not soft either. She applied some oil to my arms and gave my arms a really good massage focussing on the triceps and worked her way down to my fingers. 

Part 2 began with the liquid being poured very generously over my back and legs and I watched Liz as she started massaging her boobs on my ass and worked her way down my legs and slowly back up to my neck. Her technique in this part was very good and I could tell she has been doing this for a while as she switched sides and worked her way all over my body. She then sat on my back and started grinding her pussy on my back.

Time for me to flip over for the CBJ, which was probably very short, I'd say less than 2 mins. When the dom came off Liz used her boobs to massage my LB well but I knew I was still not ready to cum so I tried to sit up and slide my hands all over her body as she continued her the HJ. I  asked her if I could fuck her boobs but her response was not what I wanted so I layed back down on the table and let her continue the HJ. By this time the buzzer had gone and she was rushing me so I let her know that I was not going to cum and was happy to hit the shower.

A little bit disappointing as I found that Liz was not very friendly and restricted where my hands could go. Sometimes it helps to get over the line if the girl is willing to let you touch her pussy and with some girls even finger them. 

The shower together at the end was nice but there wasn't much time to enjoy it. Given that this was only my 3rd visit to this shop I'm still trying to get to know what each girl has to offer and which one suits my needs but that process is half the fun.

Cheers.[/COLOR][/COLOR]


Floor: #38
Post Time: 28th March 2013, 07:27 AM
Poster ID: watchblue
Post Title: 
 Romeo Establishment - Rosi
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Rosi

Prices applied at the shop :

130$ 45 minutes
170$ 1 hour
260$ 1,5 hour with Spa with the ladies

It is required to pay at least for one hour to get the 40$ discount for the next visit. 

Establishment : Romeo

Date of Visit : 27/03/2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Romeo's, 108 New Canterburry Road, Petersham

Hours of Business : 11am - 4am

Rates : 7

Age : 22/23

Size/shape : D cup, chubby

Nationality or Ethnicity : Korean

Services Provided : body/body massage, BJ, Handjob

Value for money/recommend? : 7

My experience/comments : I went back to this shop after long time, I am normally in Australia on holidays and everytime I came here this is my preferred shop because the rooms are quite nice and the girts are always pretty and very friendly.
This time with Rosi I was a little bit disappointed because she is new in the Market and her massage was a little bit too much rough for me, I was more nervous after the massage then before LOL
But in general she speak a good english, she is quite friendly and she is a very nice person and I spent a nice time with her.
At the end of the massage she perform a standard normal hand job to relief all my tension 

I would say a normal hour of fun, no more no less, I will come back for sure because the girls I have seen on the line are still deserving another punting 

See you soon for another report,
WatchBlue


Floor: #39
Post Time: 29th March 2013, 11:07 PM
Poster ID: watchblue
Post Title: 
 Vicky @ Romeo's
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Vicky's

Rates:
130$ 45 minutes
170$ 1 hour
260$ 1,5 hour with Spa with the ladies

I always take the 170 because it is enough to get the 40$ discount 

Establishment : Romeo

Date of Visit : 29/03/2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Romeo's, 108 New Canterburry Road, Petersham

Hours of Business : 11am - 4am

Rates : 8

Age : 21/22

Size/shape : C cup, chubby

Nationality or Ethnicity : Korean

Services Provided : body/body massage, BJ, Handjob

Value for money/recommend? : 8

My experience/comments : Again at the Romeo, eheheh, I know I am always there but I really like it 
I went this evening because if you choose a massage of more than 1 hour then you have discount of 40$ for the next massage, so I get my 40$ discount last time and today I went to use it.
There were 7 girls on line, some of them pretty, and I choose Vicky. She is pretty, doent's speak really a good english, but she is friendly and we spent a very nice 1 hour together. As usual no full service, just a massage and a body/body slide massage, and then the happy ending with condoms in case it is a BBJ.
Still raccomended the place, absolutely raccomended Vicky 

See you soon for another report,
WatchBlue


Floor: #40
Post Time: 19th May 2013, 08:01 AM
Poster ID: tgr
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Loz

Establishment : Romeo's

Date of Visit : 18/05/2013

Age : Early 20's

Size/shape : A little larger than most other girls there - a size 10-12.  Not big, just not the extremely stick thin type of girl that normally works there.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Korean

Services Provided : Massage + HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Not really

My experience/comments : I had a bit of time to kill so I thought I would stop by.  Was shown to the waiting room and saw three girls, the first was quite a stunner (and the second not so.....) but I decided to see Loz as she was not the usual type of girl who is at Romeos.  She is still quite attractive, just a different body shape to the normal girls there.  

We went to the room and had a shower together and then I lay on the table.  I did get a very pleasant surprise to find out there are now electric blankets on the tables!  Certainly made the cold a bit more bearable!  She started the massage which was good, a very firm solid massage at times bordering on the painful, but at the end I did feel a lot of the tension worked out of my neck and back which was good.  I do always wonder though how much training these girls get on massage - especially the ones who walk on your back, it would be a bit awkward explaining how you broke your back if something did go wrong!

She then started the B2B massage, and rubbing her nipples all over.  This was nice, just felt quite mechanical, not really erotic at all.  She then asks me to turn over and continues the same on the front.  Then it's time for the main event and things got even more mechanical.  She said "You can touch me down there", I confirmed and she said yes, so my hand went from her boob to down there, only be told no touching there?????  She then sat down on my thighs and continued the HJ.  Despite having a condom on the bed she hurried up and got me over the line without a CBJ which was a bit disappointing.  She then got me in the shower and cleaned up. (Despite there being almost 10 min left of the session....)

All up not the best session, Loz was quite mechanical and cold in the room so I probably would not see her again.


Floor: #41
Post Time: 5th June 2013, 08:16 AM
Poster ID: tgr
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : MoMo

Establishment : Romeo's

Date of Visit : 1/6/2013

Rates : 170 / hr (Plus you get a $40 voucher for next time)

Age : Early 20's

Size/shape : Short, slim with about a B cup chest (she said she was 50kg, and when she was sitting on me during the massage didn't feel any more than that!!!!)

Nationality or Ethnicity : Korean

Services Provided : Massage + HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Unsure, I am going to give her another shot probably, but again I didn't get a CBJ here so not sure how value for money compares......

My experience/comments : I had a bit of free time on Saturday morning so I decided to stop by and treat myself a little.  When I arrived I was shown 3 girls, MoMo, Loz (who I reviewed above) and another girl who I can't remember their name.  Out of those three MoMo seemed the most friendly (in that 2 second intro they do here!) so decided to pick her.

Paid and she came and grabbed me from the waiting room and lead me upstairs, but instead of walking first and giving me the great view she sent me up first and directed me with her arm around my back.  Surprisingly this actually added to the feel, it was more like a GF leading you to somewhere.

Once in the room things progressed as per normal, we showered together with MoMo washing me and then it was time to get on the table.  As I mentioned last time I do love the electric blankets on there tables this time of year! She started the massage and the whole time kept asking is it ok and making sure it wasn't too hard (compared to others who just go at it regardless of if it's excruciating pain or not!).  

She then started the body slide and cat bath, she would work her way up one side on the lick and nibble my ears before working her way down the other side.  It was then time to turn over and she proceeded to do a similar process on the front.  She then lies directly on top, oils up my cock and clamps her legs tight around it and slides down - nice way to simulate sex!  She then continues the body slide, and starts the HJ.   To do this she lies on my chest licking my nipple, so I couldn't feel her boobs, but has her ass pointing up towards me and allows full touching below (just no insertion.).  Her technique was more than enough to get me over the line, but just like last time there was no CBJ.  I'm not sure if they no longer include this as part of the service - I was satisfied with what I got this time that I didn't ask, but it was one of the inclusions that made me choose Romeo's over other places.

After I finished MoMo lay next to me for a bit (lucky she's tiny because there wouldn't have been room for the two of us otherwise!) and chatted a little bit.  She was quizing if I remembered her name, and then told me she works every Saturday and some Sundays so make sure I book next time.  

All up it was a good session, I'm going to try and get back to see her to see how things go for a repeat, but the lack of CBJ is a worrying trend......


Floor: #42
Post Time: 6th June 2013, 09:17 AM
Poster ID: matty83
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Mimi

Establishment : Romeos 

Date of Visit : May 8 2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : http://m.rjsyd.com/


Rates : 175 ph

Age : mid to late 20s

Size/shape : nice Korean thighs

Nationality or Ethnicity : korean

Services Provided : massage CBJ HJ

Value for money/recommend? : price is steep. Service is good

Romeos is a nicely appointed massage parlour with a discreet back entrance. The girls are hot the service is good if a little mechanical. Mimi was no different. The process is generally and was in this case, shower together, body scrubs in shower, onto the table, towel massage, oil massage, body slide, turnover, body slide, CBJ and HJ until they get you over the line right on the hour mark. Into the shower and out. It's a bit steep but at least you know what you are going to get in the hour.
Mimis massage CBJ and HJ techniques were all good.
Recommended if you spot her in a line up.


Floor: #43
Post Time: 6th June 2013, 09:20 AM
Poster ID: matty83
Post Title: 
 Romeos Massage - Mimi
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Mimi

Establishment : Romeos 

Date of Visit : May 8 2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : http://m.rjsyd.com/


Rates : 175 ph

Age : mid to late 20s

Size/shape : nice Korean thighs

Nationality or Ethnicity : korean

Services Provided : massage CBJ HJ

Value for money/recommend? : price is steep. Service is good

Romeos is a nicely appointed massage parlour with a discreet back entrance. The girls are hot the service is good if a little mechanical. Mimi was no different. The process is generally and was in this case, shower together, body scrubs in shower, onto the table, towel massage, oil massage, body slide, turnover, body slide, CBJ and HJ until they get you over the line right on the hour mark. Into the shower and out. It's a bit steep but at least you know what you are going to get in the hour.
Mimis massage CBJ and HJ techniques were all good.
Recommended if you spot her in a line up


Floor: #44
Post Time: 8th June 2013, 01:41 AM
Poster ID: ozreview1970
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Grace

Establishment : Romeos 

Date of Visit : 04/05/2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Petersham, 108 Canterbury Road

Hours of Business : 11am till late

Rates : $170 an hour (+$40 voucher)

Age : looked 27 but not sure!

Size/shape : C cup, slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Korean

Services Provided : CBJ, allowed to touch outside

Value for money/recommend? : I am new so not sure

My experience/comments :

After trying Julliets at Burwood I tried this establishment. Went on sat morning and rocked in just after 1100am. Well they do advertise they are open from 1100. Mamasan was surprised, no booking and no girls ready. Took 15 minutes for 3 to get made up. 2 long haired and 1 short haired (who looked younger and cute but less rack). Opted for Grace who was about 170cm, big rack and trim body. Thought would be good for slide. Money exchanged and off we head up stairs. ML strips off and I start shower.

Showered together though no touching done to ML. Was not sure of the rules at this stage. Not much talk...weird korean chanel playing on TV. After a very thorough wash off to the table lie face down.

Massage was excellent. She asked what type..I said sensual ... she was firm..but teasing. Lots of hot towels and massage cream. She stood on my back and massaged with feet. First time at that and loved it. Then came the cat bath and lots of effervescent sucking of backside and rubbing tits all over. Then came the b2b which was pretty amazing. She really got into this part and her hairy pussy was rubbing all over my back. Lil bro was already pulsing by now.

Flip over and the front was just as effervescent...ball sucking and then from nowhere the CBJ. For this part she was good but not long enough. Then came the HJ which was done a little robotic (I suppose she has seen and done a few of these in her time so dont blame her). Allowed to touch below but pretty hairy. Must say I wish they trimmed up a bit more. Finished of and showered separately. Done and with quick tidy up out of there.

$40 voucher is only valid for 1 month so beware if you think you might go back in  a months.

Possibly should have gone the short haired one...she looked cute. Maybe next time.


Floor: #45
Post Time: 23rd June 2013, 09:21 AM
Poster ID: tgr
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : MoMo

Establishment : Romeo's

Date of Visit : 22/06/2013

Rates : 130 / hr (used my voucher from last time)

Age : early 20's

Size/shape : Short slim with an enhanced chest (still not massive, just a b or c cup)

Nationality or Ethnicity : Korean

Services Provided : B2B Massage,  HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes and no

My experience/comments : I first saw MoMo a couple of weeks ago, and while was disappointed at not CBJ something intrigued me to visit her again.  Time was running out on the $40 voucher so I thought might as well give her another shot.  I arrived and she remembered me (even what I was wearing!) from last time and lead me upstairs.  We showered then she asked if I can start by giving her a massage.  I was more than happy to oblige and started to massage her, first her back then front.  This then lead a bit of playing downstairs, and eventually fingering which she said gave her an orgasm (I have my doubts though....).

After that it was my turn, and she then became quite mechanical - she skipped the normal massage and went straight to B2B, but when I went back to fingering and playing with her she said only outside as if earlier had never happened....  She finished off with a HJ (Still no CBJ here!!!!!)

After the session was over she asked when I would be back - begging me to come again next week.

I enjoyed the session but she seemed more fake this time which has sort of put me off seeing her again......


Thread Title: Romeo's - 108 New Canterbury Rd, Petersham - 02 9569 5500
Floor: #46
Post Time: 23rd June 2013, 10:21 AM
Poster ID: Dr Strangelove
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by tgr


Still no CBJ here!!!!
"""



Did you consider mentioning it to the lady that runs the place? I mean, the cbj is part of their advertised service.


Floor: #47
Post Time: 14th August 2013, 03:23 PM
Poster ID: crazyjk
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Had the unfortunate scenario happen to me when I saw MoMo afew weeks back no CBJ even though it should be a standard as part of the service when I asked she told me next time I come in WTF! Wont be seeing her again.


Floor: #48
Post Time: 14th August 2013, 03:37 PM
Poster ID: crazyjk
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Establishment and/or person's Name:Stella @ Romeo

 Contact Details/Address:Romeo

 Hours of Business: (if known or applicable) : 11am - 4am

 Prices: 100 for 30min (Daytime) No Massage in 30min 

 Age: 25-28

 Size/shape: C Cup (Enhanced)

 Nationality or Ethnicity: Korean (Not 100% Sure)

 Services: RNT

 Value for money/recommend?: No

 Walked off the street as I was working nearby was showed 2 girls. picked Stella as she was the prettiest of the two or I think it was her outfit I liked more.

 Into the room undress jump in shower face down onto table for a below average body slide with some kisses. Turn over condom on for CBJ which lasted for maybe 1 min and it was BAD! takes off condom more lotion and finished me off by hand.

Also no touching her private areas.

 Stats.
 face: 7/10 
 body: 8/10
 attitude : 7/10
 personality: 6/10 (Didn't talk much)


Floor: #49
Post Time: 24th October 2013, 09:33 PM
Poster ID: LST8881
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Naomi

Establishment : Romeo's

Date of Visit : Wednesday or Tuesday night in October 2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 

Hours of Business :  ?

Rates : $130/45mins, $170/60mins

Age : 20's

Size/shape : Curvey and busty

Nationality or Ethnicity : Korean

Services Provided : Massage, bodyslide, CBJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : It was a Tuesday or Wednesday night and i was kinda bored after a pretty bad day at work so i thought i would check out Romeo's. I hadn't been there before but i had heard about it through friends.
Went in around 10pm-ish and was introduced to roughly 5-6 girls. A few caught my eye but Naomi caught my eye. She was kinda cute and curvy and a bit busty but her smile was what caught my attention.

She came held my hand and took me to the room with that smile  
Went into the room and we undressed as we both hopped into the shower. Very playful as she cleaned me up and asked me to lie down on the table.

The massage was pretty good as we talked about nothing in particular. After the "massage" she oiled up and slid all over my back and her lovely tits rubbed against my back which felt really nice. Time to turn over 

Once again she oiled up as she slowly took her time while giving me her cheeky smile. She slowly teased me with her tits and i got a bit of Spanish which felt awesome between her beautiful tits. She then made her way down and on came the condom as she gave me a CBJ for a little bit. After a few mins of a nice CBJ she took the dommie off and mounted me as she slowly finished me off with her hands. 

After i finished i rested for a bit as she cleaned me up. Back into the shower we went as she once again cleaned me up. More chit chat and a few jokes were shared as i got dressed. She held my hand again as she walked me out.

All in all she was a very nice girl. During the lineup there were a lot of good looking girls but her smile was what grabbed my attention and i wasn't wrong. 

Excellent massage and highly recommended. Treat her good and she will be good to you.


Floor: #50
Post Time: 6th December 2013, 11:40 PM
Poster ID: Scampy
Post Title: 
 Romeos
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Christine

Establishment : 108 New Cantebury Road Petershem

Date of Visit : 18/11/13

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 108 New Cantebury Road Petershem

Hours of Business : 10am till late

Rates : $120 45 min

Age : early 20s

Size/shape : C cup, slim ( Awesome figure )

Nationality or Ethnicity : Korean

Services Provided : Massage CBJ HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Most Certainly

My experience/comments :

I had never been to Romeos before. I had only tried Midas a few times and whilst the girls there were hot, most had the personality of a cardboard cut out, and were mostly mechanical.

I was in the mood for a bit of hot Korean even though I knew it would be far from bubbly fun! Christine has an amazing figure and was most courteous and actually quite personable. Her body slide was great fun and although the CBJ was short in time, she gave great head!  An extrememly good HJ and a nice shower with her to finish. 

I would actually go back and spend a bit more time with Christine as I think she would become more sensual as you got to know her more.  

She works every day except sunday and monday I believe.

Definitely worth a go.


Floor: #51
Post Time: 3rd February 2014, 07:48 AM
Poster ID: tgr
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Noami

Establishment : Romeo's

Date of Visit : 2/2/14

Rates : 130 / 45 min

Age : early 20's

Size/shape : Short, curvy with enhanced chest (Maybe C or D?).

Nationality or Ethnicity : Korean

Services Provided : Massage/CBJ/HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : Most of my punts recently have either been FS or Caucasian so felt like some good ole' Korean service.  I arrived just past midday and saw two girls - the first I think was Emily and she did not look like she wanted to be there at all, no smile and a complete look of disinterest on her face so wasn't willing to take the risk there.  She was quite pretty though.  The other girl was Noami, not quite as pretty but looked friendly.  She also had on a tiny tiny outfit which normally means quite sensual service.....

The session started off with the normal shower together (part of what I love about here is the feeling of the girl washing me!), and then it's time for the massage.  She starts of with quite a strong massage and gets a few knots out which feels good, but not erotic.  That soon changes though when she turns to the body slide.  She works that great chest of her's all over my back and legs while gently licking up and down my back.  Feels great and am back in the mood in no time.  It's time to turn over, she starts similar on the front, but this time with a lot of Spanish - now I'm not normally big on this but if she had kept it up I would have cum for sure, something that has never happened before with Spanish for me!

Then it's on with the dom for some CBJ - again was quite good - was an actual BJ, not like some girls who put the head in their mouth and continue the HJ.  This continued for a few minutes and then it was time to move on to the main HJ.  She took the dom off (and spat onto the towel between my legs, ok I realize the lotion and latex doesn't taste great, but please don't spit right where I could put my legs!) and proceeded to sit on my stomach and reach around for the HJ.  It didn't take long of this view and her simulated sex to get me over the line, and the other good thing with Noami is she doesn't drop it the second you start to cum, she squeeze's every last drop out.

We then both had another shower, and it was time to go.  All up was a good session, a nice way to spend a lazy Sunday afternoon.


Floor: #52
Post Time: 15th February 2014, 09:34 AM
Poster ID: Dr Strangelove
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Gents, a quick question. 

I spent an hour here last night (review on the way) but it was only when I was driving home that I realised I didn't get a $40 off voucher when I left. 

Have they ceased this promotion? Or did they just forget to give it to me?


Floor: #53
Post Time: 15th February 2014, 09:48 AM
Poster ID: clk200
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
The $40 discount voucher was phased out late last year and replaced with the complimentary foot massage for 1 hour bookings.

But of course we know it's not complimentary, it costs about $40.


Floor: #54
Post Time: 15th February 2014, 09:56 AM
Poster ID: Dr Strangelove
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks for the tip, good to know I didn't miss out.


Floor: #55
Post Time: 16th February 2014, 08:20 AM
Poster ID: Dr Strangelove
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Naomi

Establishment : Romeo's at Petersham

Date of Visit : February 2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 108 New Canterbury Road, Petersham NSW 2049.  (02)9569-5500

Hours of Business : I am not sure. But I know it's very late. 

Rates : $170 for the hour

Age : I guesstimate 26

Size/shape : size 10, D cup (probably enhanced)

Nationality or Ethnicity : Korean

Services Provided : Wash, massage, CBJ, HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : feeling very tired after the week at work, I didn't feel as though I had the energy to visit a full service establishment and thought somewhere like this might suit my needs a bit better. 

I showed up at around 11pm and was shown to a waiting room. The receptionist said they were busy and only had 2 ladies available to meet now but that if neither took my fancy I could wait a bit and there would be more to choose from. 

In came Naomi who looked very happy to be there and another lady who's name I didn't catch who looked like she'd rather be anywhere else. I quite liked the look of Naomi, plus had read some favorable reviews on her so didn't bother waiting to meet anyone else. 

I elected to stay for the hour at the price of $170. 

She took me upstairs and to a room with a mirrored wall, ceiling mirror, spa/shower combo and massage table. 

Naomi didn't waste any time getting undressed, freeing herself from her bikini before I'd even gotten my shoes off. Nice girl, she was horrified I'd just tossed my shirt on the ground and insisted she hang it on the door for me.  

Naomi is Korean (obviously), I'd say around 25/26, a size 10 with some curves and an enhanced (I think) bust. Wore a lot of eye makeup which I like too. 

We got into the shower for the wash, she covered all the required areas and wasn't too rough. Also she speaks good English to no problems having a conversation either. 

Post shower I got on the table and she asked if I'd like soft or hard. I asked for soft, which for mine still felt a bit hard at times! Went through what I believe is the standard sort of massage for this place, there was some walking on the back, hot towels and so forth. Finally she poured a liberal amount of "oil" (I think they use watered down body lotion as its easier to wash off) and started her body slide all over my back. 

She did lots of sliding, plenty of licks and kisses as over my back and neck and brushes of my balls with her hand. So when she asked me to turn over I was hard and ready. 

She applied more of the lotion to my front and commenced her front body slide, using her boobs to full effect. She worked her way down south, licking my balls and shaft and sucking the head of my cock a bit, teasing a bbbj before finally applying the condom. 

She provided cbj for a few minutes before removing the condom and straddling me, with my cock between her butt cheeks. She held it in place with her hand and quickly got me off with her hj / simulated sex combo. 

I had a rest while she began her shower and then I joined her so she could wash it all off my body. Some more chatting while we dressed and then headed downstairs. The receptionist checked I'd enjoyed myself which I had.  

Not something I'd normally do, but will certainly come back here when I've the urge for release with no energy to back it up.


Floor: #56
Post Time: 2nd March 2014, 11:42 AM
Poster ID: Dr Strangelove
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Naomi

Establishment : Romeo's at Petersham

Date of Visit : February 2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 108 New Canterbury Road, Petersham NSW 2049.  (02)9569-5500

Hours of Business : I am not sure. But I know it's very late. 

Rates : $170 for the hour

Age : I guesstimate 26

Size/shape : size 10, D cup (probably enhanced)

Nationality or Ethnicity : Korean

Services Provided : Wash, massage, CBJ, HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Not on this occasion 

My experience/comments : well what a difference two weeks can make. It was almost déjà vu, again I was visiting late on a Friday, after a late finish at work and it was raining. 

I showed up just before midnight and was shown to a waiting room. The receptionist told me there were 5 ladies available which was a nice surprise. 

In the lineup of 5, Naomi was number 4 in line and whilst a lady there named Betty looked very tempting, I figured best to go with a sure winner so chose Naomi. Plus I felt obligated to pick her, having had such a fun time two weeks before. 

As before, I elected to stay for the hour at the price of $170. 

Different room this time, no spa, just a regular shower which suited me fine. 

As stated before, Naomi is Korean (obviously), I'd say around 25/26, a size 10 with some curves and an enhanced (I think) bust. 

We got into the shower for the wash. She asked if I'd been here before. I replied that I had, exactly two weeks before and saw her. She didn't remember which didn't bother me, I'm sure she sees lots of customers. I had a unique article of clothing which she had commented on last time. I pointed it out to her, but still no recollection. 

I was starting to wonder if I was with her twin sister or something....

Post shower I got on the table and she asked if I'd like soft or hard massage.  I asked for soft, it wasn't just "a bit too hard" this time. It just was too hard. Didn't enjoy it. Insert their standard massage script here. 

We finally got to bodyslide time where I thought things would start to pick up a bit. They did.... a little. It was not sensual as per last time, more a going through the motions. 

A condom was applied for the cbj, no bbbj tease as per last time and after a minute of that it was a hj to finish, not a simulated sex finish as per the last visit. 

Finished up, she jumped in the shower, then I followed. I had to ask her to help with getting the oil off my back. 

Got dressed, headed downstairs and departed. 

I realise I may be being a bit unfair with this review by comparing it to the previous visit, but it really can't be helped. The service was lacking.


Floor: #57
Post Time: 26th January 2016, 10:28 AM
Poster ID: SeaRay
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
This Korean RnT at 108 New Canterbury Road Petersham # 02 95695500 has had a change and is now called Ktown


Floor: #58
Post Time: 11th November 2018, 09:52 PM
Poster ID: dpsdvmh6
Post Title: 
 Mia @ Romeos, Petersham
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Mia

Establishment : Romeos

Date of Visit : 11 Nov 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 02 9569 5500 / 108 New Canterbury Rd, Petersham

Phone : 02 9569 5500 

Hours of Business : Now 12noon-late

Rates : $140/45 mins

Age : Mid-20s

Size/shape : Slim. Toned. Cute butt, beautifully enhanced Bs. 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Korean

Services Provided : B2B massage, CBJ, HE

Value for money/recommend? : No... it's good to see Romeos back, but it's only for the ML diehards/those that love KPS

My experience/comments : Once upon a time, Romeos was my go-to on a Friday night after a long week at work. The girls were great at part 1 AND part 2, and the place was pumping. At my punting peak, it was a Romeos on a Friday or Sat night, followed by Liaisons on a Monday morning. I'd get so sore from all of this that I'd end up back at Romeos on a Tues night to work out the kinks 

So the short-lived K-Town is now gone, and Romeos has returned to Petersham. I wander in with no booking on a Sunday afternoon, and I can see that it's now been renovated to resemble, if not quite match, their sister shop Juliet's in Burwood. The line-up consists of three girls; Mia in the middle is by far and away the prettiest and has a smoking body. I pay my $140, and follow her Brazilian-panty clad ass up the stairs. 

She seems friendly enough, and says she's been working here for 4 months. We hop out of the shower, and I am them treated to a very ordinary (far too light) massage with the odd poke and prod at the knots in my back. An oily B2B then follows, and I get mildly interested again as I can feel her fantastic nipples all over my back and crack. 

That's about as good as it gets- I am asked to turn over at the 20 min marks- fantastic! An extended part 2??? She puts effort into her CBJ, but it leaves me strangely unmoved- I'm beginning to regret choosing beauty over experience. A little frustrated by now, I take over with my own hand and she decides to grind on my thigh with her shaved muff. It's all over and she jumps into the shower after I get a wipe down. 

I lie there in the dark, slightly peeved at myself for thinking that the glory days of Romeos/Midas/Juliets might be back. The explosion in Chinese ML shops on one hand, and cheaper FS Caucasian joints like Croydon 219 have really put the pressure on these Korean shops. Unless you MUST have a (admittedly gorgeous) Korean Princess Masseuse, or prefer your facilities cleaner than your usual dingy Chinese shop, there isn't much to recommend when it comes to part 1 or part 2. 

The final insult in all of this? I went into the room at 4:45, and was back outside at 5:22 for what was a 45 minute booking.  

If you have a regular ML that can give a great part 1 and part 2, go and give her a hug this week!


