Thread Title: TEMPE 689 Princess Hwy cnr Union Street
Floor: #1
Post Time: 15th April 2017, 06:42 AM
Poster ID: SeaRay
Post Title: 
 TEMPE 689 Princess Hwy cnr Union Street
				
Post Content: 
Coming up Princess Hwy near Tempe Tyres I noticed a new "Relax & Remedial Massage" shop on the corner of UNION Street & I think 689 Princess Hwy opp the Taxi Depot 
After parking around the corner I popped in and was told the Massage is $120 per hour and $60 for 1/2 and after enquiring it included a nude B2B & H.E. tried the young Fat Thai who offered straight up a F.S. Fuck.
So this will be a handy little joint for when I am UBER Driving from the International Airport as it is still in the UBER Airport Zone so when there are lots of Drivers waiting, I can pop up here and have a RnT or F.S. whilst waiting for a Pickup in which a long trip might pay for the Adventure...SeaRay


Floor: #2
Post Time: 15th April 2017, 09:42 AM
Poster ID: LUNGOR
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by SeaRay


Coming up  Princess Hwy near Tempe Tyres I noticed a new "Relax & Remedial Massage" shop on the corner of UNION Street & I think 689 Princess Hwy opp the Taxi Depot 
After parking around the corner I popped in and was told the Massage is $120 per hour and $60 for 1/2 and after enquiring it included a nude B2B & H.E. tried the young Fat Thai who offered straight up a F.S. Fuck.
So this will be a handy little joint for when I am UBER Driving from the International Airport as it is still in the UBER Airport Zone so when there are lots of Drivers waiting, I can pop up here and have a RnT or F.S. whilst waiting for a Pickup in which a long trip might pay for the Adventure...SeaRa
"""



Thanks SeaRay, how much extra for the FS ? And was it CBJ or bbbj ?


Floor: #3
Post Time: 15th April 2017, 10:57 AM
Poster ID: wachumba
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
It started about a year ago as part of the Boon Thai massage linked with Hogben St kogarah but has it changed? They used to have a city store that shut and then this opened.
http://boonmassageclinic.com.au


Floor: #4
Post Time: 19th April 2017, 01:57 PM
Poster ID: dickbrown
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I think the Boon crew sold out as the sign was replaced. The Thai receptionist made clear this was a different shop saying "you do know...?", with raised eyebrows.
I stopped in here last month on a Thursday for the $60 30 min b2b on offer, and then paid the standard $50 up-charge for FS and CBJ with the very heavy set Nan (or Nam). Hope to write a proper review later. Parking is easy down Union or on the street just off the alley behind shop. Not sure if I'll rush back with better quality and quality clustered just south on PH.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 20th April 2017, 02:36 PM
Poster ID: wachumba
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
They are advertising in their local paper together with Kogarah shop





			
				Sensational F/B Massage 
Shop 4/13-19 Hogben St, Kogarah. Tel. 0497 731 734. 689 Princes Hwy,
Tempe. Tel. 0432 703 717... By female & male. Open 7 days, 10am - 8pm.

19/04/2017  -  X - ADULT SERVICES


Floor: #6
Post Time: 10th May 2017, 08:53 PM
Poster ID: Siegfried
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Bella

Establishment :Boon Massage Tempe

Date of Visit : Sunday, a few weeks ago

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :  689 Princess Hwy cnr Union Street 

Rates : $60 / 30 mins. nude nassage/ body to body plus $60 FS

Age : mid 20s

Size/shape :  160cms, slim, A/B boobs

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : nude massage, B2B, FS

Value for money/recommend? : Yep

My experience/comments : Noticed that this place had appeared in the forum so went to check it out.  Parked easily enough in a street behind and walked back.  The door is on the corner at an angle and  is discreet enough, despite the highway being busy.

I  walked into a waiting area with lounges. a youngish mamasan was waiting there. I told her that I had been there before (not true, but it made clear why I was there). So she walks me down a corridor passed a few curtained off areas to an area that had been made into a small room.

Bella joins me.  She's pretty and confident.  I pass across the $60 and strip off.  The room is smallish, but large enough for the purposes required.  Clean, new.  After lying down, she gets to work on each limb and I relax into it.  After perhaps fifteen minutes she asks me to turn over. As she stands to the side she looks at me and smiles as she removes her clothes.  she knows she is sexy, and she likes guys to enjoy her.  She climbs on top of me and licks my nipples and gives a bit of a cat bath.  She then sits over my cock and slides her pussy lips up and down, hard and fast.  I ask her about FS and she says OK, $60.

On with the dom and  she lies back as I thrust into her hard,  and she FOAMs away. I came faster than what I would have liked, but hey, it sometimes happens.  As a result, no change of positions, no CBJ. 

Summarising, a good time was had at a good place.  A bit pricey, but value for money given the quality of Bella and the premises.


