Floor: #1
Post Time: 24th January 2018, 02:13 PM
Poster ID: wachumba
Post Title: 
 The massage shop Downtown Newtown -  02 9516 1806 / 0477 223 377
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jenny

Establishment : the massage shop downtown 170 King St Newtown

Date of Visit : Jan 18

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 9516 180 ???????The best Asian Style Massage in 170 Newtown ?????? NEW OPEN ???? - Sydney body rubs - cracker.com.au The massage shop downtown

Hours of Business : 10-10

Rates : $65/hr

Age : late 30's

Size/shape : sz 10, slightly overweight, B-C cups

Nationality or Ethnicity : thai

Services Provided : massage, HJ

Value for money/recommend? : no

My experience/comments : 
Came by here hoping to get a decent massage with just a HJ. They used to be legit only a long time ago but started advertising in the rnt section of cracker. Older asian lady reception and didnt get a choice of girls. Jenny took me to the room and told me to undress before leaving. No mention of leaving underwear on like legit shops so layed down nude and uncovered. Jenny came back and covered me up. Jenny is average looking and it was her first day at that shop but works in other shops in rockdale and Manly. Massage started and even though requested a hard massage, it more medium at best and not a great technique. Started to chat and became obvious she does extras but the massage went like a legit one with 'accidental' touching. Asked to forget the draping which was ok. Turned over and continued a legit massage on the legs. With about 20min to go, she asked if i wanted extras and she started at $50 for a hj. I said $20 was the usual and she said i could do it mywelf for that price. Told her to forget about it but 2 minutes later, she asked again. Ended up at $30 for a hj but no touching. Her technique was not good either. Started well with some teasing and ball work but soon launched into a straight up and down motion and after another minute, sped things up to try to get me to come fast.
Not reccomended. Didnt see if any other girls were available but it looked quite. 
They have a back door but have to call to open i believe.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 18th March 2018, 10:41 PM
Poster ID: wachumba
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Nicky

Establishment : the massage shop downtown 170 King St Newtown

Date of Visit : March 18

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 9516 180 ???????The best Asian Style Massage in 170 Newtown ?????? NEW OPEN ???? - Sydney body rubs - cracker.com.au

Hours of Business : 10-10

Rates : $65/hr

Age : late 20's, early 30's

Size/shape : sz 14, short and solid.

Nationality or Ethnicity : thai

Services Provided : massage, HJ

Value for money/recommend? : ok value not not reccomened due to poor massage

My experience/comments : Saw they had a groupon deal for $39 which can be less when they have discounts. Figured i'd give it another try since it was so cheap and a review on groupon said their boyfriend was offered extras. Booking was 25 minute late and they must have taken a customer 5 minutes before i came in for my booking. No choice of girl and got given Nicky. There was only the chinese manager and Nicky working then. Quite a big girl and average face and didnt do it for me. She has been here for about 2 years and worked in many shops and knows all about them so it was obvious extras were available even with the groupon voucher. Sakura in Bondi also had a groupon deal but didnt give extras for groupon customers. 
Very poor massage was given and even though she said she had done a course in massage. It was a very short course in thai massage but some thai shop just looking to teach the basics to get by. No erotic touches while lying on my front. had to ask to turn over as i thought there was only about 25minutes to go and she started working on my thighs straight away. She wanted $30 for hj but i said i would only give $20. She was not too happy but accepted and the other choice was to not get anything at all. She started the fun and only paying $20 didnt effect the HJ. She started working my inner groin and balls and just kept me hard for about 20 minutes by working on my cock and then going back to the groin and balls. She said she liked making men hard but most guys dont last very long so she was enjoying her time with me and had a smile on her face the whole time. I thought we were running out of time so i asked her to focus and my cock and she asked if i wanted to come now. Blew in her hands and she did the clean up. She pushed for $30 again and said next time, it would be $30. I think she would be open for more but she isnt my type so i didnt ask. Out the back door and i dont think i will return again.


