Thread Title: Toucherotic -2D Garfield St, Five Dock - 02 9712 8991
Floor: #1
Post Time: 1st May 2011, 08:12 PM
Poster ID: sydguy74
Post Title: 
 Toucherotic -2D Garfield St, Five Dock - 02 9712 8991
				
Post Content: 
I'd heard there was a new joint open in the old bodyrotic premises so popped in tonight.

Was greated at door by Tina, gorgeous receptionist in a little black dress....not sure where she was from, looked a bit of a mix of african, malay and may islander. Very pretty. Was disspointed she wasnt on.

She took me into the room and said there were 5 girls on, but three were in bookings. She explained they were providing the exact same service as bodyrotic did.

The girls came in, first one Erin, tall, size 8 long curly brunette...in sexy red bra and nickers. She was polish, with poor english so it was a struggle to get her name. Quite attractive. Mid 20s. Next girl in was Jordan, I;d say last 30s Aussie and really didnt do much for me so Erin it was.

Paid Tina the $140 and was escorted into the room, and told to shower and Erin would come in, which she did mid shower so I high tailed it out of the shower onto the massage table.

Erin started by sitting on my back and giving me a soft but nice back massage. After a bit, she climbed off me and gave me what was a pretty average bodyslide, very gently rubbing her tits over me...but unlike some girls I used to see at bodyrotic, she didnt tie her hair up so that was kind turning me on has she was also making sure that was lightly touching me. Plenty of tackle play though which was good.

She rolled me over which was where the fun started. Massaged my legs for a bit and then climbed on top to massage my chest, rubbing oil on her tits for me to rub in. She then turned around reverse cowgirl style and started to work me slowly...my hands were rubbing all over her and she didnt seem to mind.

The other good thing about the massage was it didnt stop once I blew. She hopped off, massaged my legs and then stood top of table leaning down over my face to massage my upper half with her tits dangling right above my face.

All in all, whilst the bodysliding was average, I had a good time, and I'd see her again. Similar prices to bodyrotic so at the top en for rnt at $140 for half and hour.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 1st May 2011, 09:02 PM
Poster ID: Flyboy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Bodyrotic had quite a following here on AXR - so thanks for checking it out and being willing to TOFTT, Sydguy74!


Floor: #3
Post Time: 1st May 2011, 11:06 PM
Poster ID: EvilGenius
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
A place opens on 29 April (according to their advertising). And we have a review on the first of May. This is what the forums are all about. Thanks sydguy74.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 3rd September 2011, 07:07 PM
Poster ID: mr0414
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
And the website is:

Touch Erotic

I am yet to check out this new place, the last massage i had at Bodyrotic by Jessica was rubbish.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 29th October 2011, 04:18 PM
Poster ID: tgr
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Diamond

Establishment : Toucherotic

Date of Visit : 29/10/11

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 

Hours of Business :  ? I was there about 11:30am

Rates : 140/ half hour

Age : 25ish

Size/shape : 12-14 with about a b chest

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : Massage / HJ

Value for money/recommend? : No

My experience/comments : I thought I would give this new place a try - got there and was told there was only one girl on as the other had just been booked.  I was shown Diamond who wasn't too bad, a size 12-14 so slightly larger than other girls in these places, blonde hair and was only wearing lingerie so could get a good view.

She showed me to the room and asked me to shower while she left the room.  This was when the warning bells started.  I showered and then she came back as I was drying off and asked if I had a good shower (conversation was not her strong point!).  She then undressed and told me to get on the table face down.  She then spent at least 10 minutes massaging the ONE leg while starting at herself in the mirror (and it wasn't even that good of a massage, too little oil.).  She then realized how long she was spending and quickly moved on to the other leg, and spent about 5 min there.  Then about 5 min in total on my back, and turned me over. She then turned her attention back to my legs (???) and spent another 5 min massaging them again.  Finally she realized time was going to be up so moved over to the finish. 

The HJ was average, she used a little oil so got good traction and got me over the line, but as soon as I started to cum she dropped it and stopped - asking if I enjoyed it.  I would have enjoyed it a lot more if she had pumped it a couple of more times, rather than stopping right at the moment!

Then came time for clean up which was quite scary.  She got some tissues and cleaned me up, and then said that I could have a shower if I wanted.  While I was in the shower she got dressed - at no point did she shower between customers (I was very glad when she said I was her first for the day......). She then straightened up the towels on the table and put a new shower towel up, but did not change the towel I had been laying on all that time.  While I was getting dressed she then sprayed some sort of cleaner in the shower (at least that get's cleaned!) that almost gassed me out it, it was that strong and toxic.

All up I probably would not go back there, Diamond didn't seem that interested and I would be able to put that down to a bad punt, but the not cleaning of girl or room as that would seem to be more parlor rules than her.  Which is a shame because I got the feeling there are extra's on offer here - there was a bottle of Listerine in the shower and another one on the table with the oils, but I didn't get offered anything today.


