Thread Title: Alice - whitehorse area outcall - 0452 625 962
Floor: #1
Post Time: 26th November 2019, 06:30 PM
Poster ID: sribrah
Post Title: 
 Alice - whitehorse area outcall - 0452 625 962
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Alice

Establishment : Outcall

Date of Visit : 25.11.2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0452 625 962

Phone : 0452 625 962

Hours of Business : Unknown

Rates : $70 per hour + extras

Age : 28, although could be around 35. 

Size/shape : Very skinny

Nationality or Ethnicity : Taiwan

Services Provided : Massage, kissing, cuddling, massage exchange, nude, hj, fia, daty

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : 

For some of you this may be hard to believe and for this reason I believe all info related to this girl should stay in Silver +

I saw Alice's ad on Gumtree a few weeks back and it was soon deleted but i got a hold of her number and we were trying to set up a time.

I messaged her yesterday and she said she's available - She lives in City and I live in Whitehorse area - we came to an arrangement where I pick her up in my car from Box Hill station

She told me to be there at 8.15pm. I went there and we had around 20 mins of trouble trying to find each other.

I finally found her sitting near the Bank of China, we said our awkward hellos and got in my car (which was parked illegally in a no stopping zone because my penis was too excited to meet her)

First impression : She was slim and average looking, no bum, no tits, but friendly -- not like some old wilder beast i was expecting 

We had a bit of chit chat on the drive to my place and she goes on to compliment me saying im handsome, smell good etc etc. I knew extras were on offer straight away.

We arrived at my place and into the room, she didnt bring a massage table so my bed was used. She asked for money before starting the massage and i handed it to her $70 1 hour.

Massage was average and it was mostly her being on my back trying to loosen me up, she was even standing on top of me at some points but i didnt feel her weight - she's like 40 kg lol

I flipped around 30 mins and she asked me what i want - - we agreed at $50 for nude with me giving her a massage. 

I helped her undress and she laiddown on my bed on her stomach, i gave her a good back rub with gentle kissing from neck to her toes. This went on for a while and i used my teeth to pull down her underwear to which she didn't say anything -- asked her to flip and i straight away went to eat her out. It was not the most fun experience as she has bush down there, but i gave her a few good licks. 

Rest of the session was just us cuddling nude, kissing (light) and HJ. She said she will give me a CBJ if i have a condom but i didnt have one on me. She refused to do BBBJ. 

I came hard as she stuck a finger in the ass as i was getting close, it was a powerful orgasm. 

Overall great value for money - she wanted a lift back to box hill station which i agreed to. 

She seems a bit clingy and can get you fooled thinking she wants something more than a business transaction (she wanted to add me on facebook/go on a date/asked me if im single etc etc)... be careful with that guys. Things dont end well when you date MLs/ WLs


Floor: #2
Post Time: 6th March 2020, 10:39 PM
Poster ID: Mickle
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Is this Alice?


