Thread Title: Ammy - Springvale - 0406 966 586
Floor: #1
Post Time: 6th March 2014, 08:00 PM
Poster ID: tomboy44
Post Title: 
 Ammy - Springvale - 0406 966 586
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Ammy

Date of Visit : Feb 2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0406966586

Hours of Business : 4 pm to 8 pm daily.

Rates : Massage $65 for 1 hour. Additional for extras.

Age : 40-50

Size/shape : B cups, Slim, probs a size 8-10

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Massage, Tug

Value for money/recommend? : Yes for a legit massage and the hj was good.

My experience/comments : I was recommended Ammy through a friend of mine, so i texted her late last week and asked her for availability and prices. She replied promptly and agreed to see me the next day at 8pm for a 1hr Thai massage for $65. I arrived at her place in an area close to Spring of the vale and parking was very easy to find with plenty of spaces available. Rang the door bell and was greeted by Ammy, a very short and slim asian lady who i initially thought was in her 30's only to later be corrected by her (only told me that she was well over 40). She is a very pleasant lady, extremely friendly and can be quite chatty if you like that sort of stuff. Unfortunately, her English isnt very good, but she knows enough to communicate. She gave me an absolutely amazing Thai massage, probs the best i have ever had and i have had quite a few. She is a real professional as the room was well setup, you knew as soon as you entered this was a professional place. I had quite a hard week and i had a lot of chinks to be taken care of and Ammy was able to heal all of them, even the aches and sores i have had for almost 1 year, which i learnt to live with. She does this amazing technique when she jumps on the table and kneels over your back and uses her hands to massage you by pushing her weight on you, it felt amazing and i just let her do her thing and thought to myself, maybe i shouldn't ask about extras as id like to see her again and asking for extras may offend her. But i was in such bliss that when it came time to flip, with 20 mins to go, i got super horny when i saw her slim sexy body in those tight leggings. Without realising i started caressing her ass and i gave it a nice squeeze. Luckily she just smiled and continued with the massage, so i kept up my good work as she went to work on my chest and legs. By now i had a huge boner!!! And i caught her several times looking at it, before looking away. She was very shy so i just went ahead and asked about extras and she said she only does HJ for $50, i bargained down to $30 and off she went with the tug. It didnt seem like an awesome tug in terms of technique but i guess my body was in a sensitive state after her amazing massage and i shot a load so high i let out a loud gasp and she giggled. I hadnt cummed like that ever lol 

Over all, an amazing lady, who provides an amazing thai style massage and if you ask her nicely, she will finish you off with a nice tug. All up it cost me $95 for an hour. Def worth a try at least once, and you will def walk away feeling relaxed after a lovely massage. Give her a try guys and she is new to the business so you may be able to get more extras out of her. She probs needs to see me more to offer more.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 7th March 2014, 07:04 AM
Poster ID: Elfang
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
More details please on her ad


Floor: #3
Post Time: 7th March 2014, 03:52 PM
Poster ID: tomboy44
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
As i said, she is new and i was referred to her by a friend. If you want to see her, just shoot her a txt. I think i vaguely remember her mentioning she hasn't got an ad up online as of yet.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 7th March 2014, 10:56 PM
Poster ID: Prolific
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
This a private house or shop?


Floor: #5
Post Time: 8th March 2014, 05:34 PM
Poster ID: jkennedy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
its a house


Floor: #6
Post Time: 31st January 2015, 02:38 PM
Poster ID: chucky3042
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Persons name: Ammy

Date of visit: late January 2015

Contact details/ web link/ Address: 0406 966 586

Hours of business: 1.00 – 8.00 pm 

Rates: 50 for 45 minutes + negotiation

Age:  45 - 55

Size/ shape: slim, tiny 5 feet 2

Nationality: Thai

Services provided: Thai massage and HJ

Value for money recommended: yes for massage / no for HJ


My experiences/ comments

After getting a severe case of blue balls this week visiting Judy at kiddcraft I had to urge for one last punt. I contacted Ammy and turned up at her house at approx 1.00 pm.  Hate to say it was a typical Noble Park house with 4 cars all over the front yard. I rang the bell and Ammy said hello and I went in. Ammy is about 5 feet 2, slim BUT OLD and looks like she has seen a cock or two.

We shuffled off to a bedroom on the right- it had a curtained partition where she set up a massage area, bit messy really, just not inspirational. I asked how much for 45 minutes sensual massage and she said $50, not wanting to go through the HJ negotiation bullshit I gave her $70. She then tapped me on the bottom and said get undressed and I thought things are looking up. Nuded up and went face down on the table. She came in and straight away put a full length towel on me, things are looking down.

I then said I wanted a strong massage on my upper back as I knew she was a good Thai masseuse but asked for a sensual massage down below and she said- no sexy massage……buggar!

She then started a very good Thai massage and did the whole knees to the back thing. Eventually after 15 minutes she removed the blasted towel and started massaging my bum cheeks and legs but no crack and sack action at all. On the flip she then put a tiny towel on my old boy……things are looking down again. Then came the stupid negotiation $50 for HJ, I said no I already paid $20 tip. She did not count the money I gave her, she then rechecked and found the extra $20 and grudging said HJ if I come back regularly (I lied).

She then started a half arsed HJ and I eventually blew a huge load. She then finished off with a very good shoulder pressure massage.

Strikes me she was once a straight masseuse that branched out to a few extras. I really hate the on again/ off again negotiation throughout the massage, I suppose if I came back this would improve and I might even get some crack n sack action.

Frankly I will not as I have had way better value in other places (check Fan in Frankston arcade) without the negotiation bullshit.

Oh well I had a CFNM experience and a moderate HJ.

Has not got my recommendation, happy hunting


