Thread Title: Amy - North Fitzroy - 0470 338 090
Floor: #1
Post Time: 19th November 2013, 03:59 PM
Poster ID: seeking85
Post Title: 
 Amy - North Fitzroy - 0470 338 090
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Amy

Establishment : Private home, north fitzroy

Date of Visit : late October 2013 (yes was busy in VIC)

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0470 338 090

Hours of Business : 10am til 6pm

Rates : 70 per hour

Age : about late 20's

Size/shape : very slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : aussie, or of european decent

Services Provided : Sensual lomi massage

Value for money/recommend? : not really / not really. 

My experience/comments : called up Amy a few days later, after my disappointment with Sharni, for you all playing at home. Amy said, "yes it's a very sensual massage which will leave you VERRRY relaxed", "VERY" said is a sexy tone. I left it at that, off I went for another punt in melb. She sounded so very hot too

Arrive there, blokes works shoes on the doorstep. Hmmm. I like to think masseuses dont have a life and are purely waiting for an exciting client to visit and i will single handedly turn them from legit massage therapist to debbie does dallas, lol yes, a fantasy. Anyway, where was I, oh yeah, blokes work boots. knocked, a blond euro / aussie looking tanned chick opened. YES i thought. she is pretty, but abit slimmer than I like. sarong wearing butt, with black tight singlet. yummy

into the room upstairs. okay setup, lots of alternative spiritual books (good sign?). she left, asked me to get fully naked, hot smile and eye contact, and lay under the sarong. i nude up, thinking yes this is going to be the best! hang on, didn;t do my detective work to confirm. start looking for tissues, damn none! hang on, what are those, small wipes? Hmmm. Okay now, where is the bin, furiously start scanning the room for a bin before she returns. damn no bin, so where is she going to put all of this. sighs, perhaps another melb tease?

she returns, does the 'traditional wrap' of the sarong around my butt accustomed with lomi's, gets on with the massage. massage was okay, gets very close to the jewels, with a few accidental brushings. on the flip, does teh traditional wrap again, DAMN i thought. gets quite close to him, prompting some extra blood flow. but pretty much was just a big tease, but a bit more legit that sharni.

so she says, that's it. I feel it's necessary to ask this time, no sorry, it is sensual not sexual! Oh kill me know you MELBOURNE girls, every other state sensual means yes I will pull you off and milk you dry. Why melbourne why, I love your city, but seriouslyyyyy. let's start our own political party. i vote biggus to lead. 

all in all, good lomi massage, but I'd prefer to invest 70 bucks elsewhere. 

I think this one is a legit one, highly doubt any extras are available. unless ofcourse someone else has a story about this one...


Floor: #2
Post Time: 19th November 2013, 06:19 PM
Poster ID: ron jeremy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
From your version of the phone conversation I would have put money on it being what you were after.

As you said, fuck Victoria and our draconian laws.

If they could just state what they did, life would be so much easier instead of having to filter things and play games.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 20th November 2013, 09:16 AM
Poster ID: seeking85
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
it's part of the punt i guess, but melb is becoming unpuntable...


Floor: #4
Post Time: 31st December 2013, 12:23 AM
Poster ID: snoutmobile
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I have seen Amy before. I had basically the same experience as seeking 85.


