Thread Title: Amy - Melbourne (CBD) - 0457 008 665
Floor: #1
Post Time: 21st January 2014, 04:55 PM
Poster ID: nocturnalboy
Post Title: 
 Amy - Melbourne (CBD) - 0457 008 665
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Miko

Establishment : Private apartment Russell St City

Date of Visit : 21 Jan 2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0457 008 665

Hours of Business : Not known

Rates : Quoted $150 per hour with HE - but see below for actuals.

Age : Mid to late 30's

Size/shape : 8 with B cups - shaved cunt.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian - that's all that matters, right?  ;-)

Services Provided : Massage, BBBJ, CIM, 69

Value for money/recommend? : In my opinion - yes!

My experience/comments : Based on old's review, I was feeling like a really good massage, but with some Asian influence. I'm close to the area, so I rang and was quoted $150 for the hour with happy ending.

Sounded a little exey, but I really wanted a good massage, was horny as hell and figured that I was way overdue for a review, so I was fine about it.

There was some juggling about the time, I got the feeling that my time didn't suit them, but they accommodated on the phone.

It's a good apartment block, and the apartment itself is small, functional, in a reasonable state and nice thick walls with sliding doors and folding screens to that no one need see anyone else coming and going. Nice.

Miko got naked straight away, and it wasn't long before her hands were running up and down my whole body, in particular between my thighs, with deliberate but sweet touches on all the tackle, Kisses up and down the length of my body too.

Within 10 minutes she asked me to flip, and she started using her whole body as a hand........... Very impressive. Nice small tits too - just how I like 'em! 

Plentuy od action, plenty of play, climbing on top of me (as she had doe when I was on my stomach and she knows what she's doing.

Then she offered me a 69 if we made it a 45 minute appointment rather than the hour I had paid for. Her sweet cunt was right over my face at the time - just out of reach. I was thinking about it when she closed the deal "You can cum in my mouff!" Are they not the sweetest words you can hear in such a situation?

Deal done, and away we went (she went out to wash, get me a towel to wash me first too).

Miko's a damn fine cock sucker - and she has a sweet, wet tasty cunt. She seems to prefer the tongue thrust deep inside her to lick her G spot than her clit - but, being a true gentleman, and a great client, I did both.

After I came she did a quick wash again, and there was still pletny of time, so I got the neck, back and shoulder massage I had really hankered for. She does the "walking on your back" thing first to loosen you up, then hands and fingers. No oil, but it still worked just fine.

When time was up she was delightful - big smiles, a hug, a kiss goodbye.

Perfect!

WIR: I sure would!

Nocto


Floor: #2
Post Time: 22nd January 2014, 01:02 PM
Poster ID: mikemelb
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Is this the place at 118 Russell st?


Floor: #3
Post Time: 22nd January 2014, 06:08 PM
Poster ID: Goldfinger38
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
It certainly sounds like it Milkmelb, and I know that Angela has been putting up various ads with different number and pics but it is still her and when I followed up about Sophie she said she has now gone, so not sure if Miko is Angela in disguise apart from the fact that Miko allowed 69 and Angela never let me inside of her either with my Hand, Cock or tongue LOL   She did give a good BBBJ though.  But never any FS  so some further info would be helpful.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 22nd January 2014, 11:54 PM
Poster ID: lygon007
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I found Angela's BBBJ to be quite toothy and rushed. Also, the reference to the sliding doors makes me think this is not Angela. 


Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk


Floor: #5
Post Time: 23rd January 2014, 09:40 AM
Poster ID: mikemelb
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by dumbcomp


I found Angela's BBBJ to be quite toothy and rushed. Also, the reference to the sliding doors makes me think this is not Angela. 


Sent from my iPhone using Tapatal
"""



Yes I didn't like the feel of her teeth either.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 23rd January 2014, 01:43 PM
Poster ID: evoprime23
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Guys can confirm it is the place where Sophie n Angela used to work but all new girls.

Amy I think is the mama san 

Sent from my GT-I9500 using Tapatalk


