Thread Title: Amy - Melbourne CBD -  0434 247 231
Floor: #1
Post Time: 8th January 2015, 09:50 AM
Poster ID: Mrpremiership
Post Title: 
 Amy - Melbourne CBD -  0434 247 231
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name:Amy

Establishment: private

Date of Visit:January 2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: 0434 247 231, flinders lane near king street 

Hours of Business: 10 - 10

Rates:$120

Age:20

Size/shape:slim

Nationality or Ethnicity: Asian

Services Provided: Full Service

Value for money/recommend?: good overall 

My experience/comments:

Made my booking directly with Amy via text. Quick responses but quite abrupt, no pics sent. Great private cbd venue which is easy to find and convenient.

amy is a stunning young lady. Amazing body, beautiful skin, almost lost my load at the door.

there wasn't any chit chat and we went straight to work. I felt very rushed and wasn't an intimate service. Seemed Amy wanted to get back to tv asap. Saying that though, she was mastering what she was doing and I enjoyed every moment. It was simply missionary and she wasn't keen to explore anything different.

overall a good experience to have such a sexy young lady but the service needs an improve

I found sexy Amy on locanto. She replied very promptly to all messages and was punctual when I arrived at her apartment. She was ready to go

Her apartment was clean and private. It was a big space and how a shower and toilet like you would expect.

As I said before she had an amazing body. Tall. About 175cm. Smallish breasts but skinny all over. Clear skin and a fantastic smell. I was In heaven. We had organised for her to wear some lingerie which she was happy to, and she looked amazing.

I paid 120 for a 30 min session but I felt rushed and it was over in less than that. There wasn't a lot of chat as her English was broken and annoying.

There wasn't a GFE as it all felt very forced. I tried kissing but she wasn't into t. There wasn't a lot of foreplay so we just got into things rather quickly. No oral from her but she was touching me a lot. We did missionary only which was fine by me because I just wanted to see her rocking body. 

She faked the whole thing which was obvious but I didn't care at all to be honest. We went hard at it for about 15 minutes then it was all over. She looked relieved and I then went to shower. She hugged me goodbye and I left discreetly.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 8th March 2015, 11:58 AM
Poster ID: Like
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks for the review. Also advertising on Locanto as Lucy and number comes up as Rose Escorts.


