Thread Title: Angel - Moonee Ponds - 0432 824 711
Floor: #1
Post Time: 24th August 2013, 11:56 AM
Poster ID: ipdaily
Post Title: 
 Angel - Moonee Ponds - 0432 824 711
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Angel

Establishment : Private Appartment in Moonee Ponds

Date of Visit : 22/08/13

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Erotic & Sensual Relaxation - Classy Lady (Qualified masseuse), North Melbourne

Hours of Business : 10.00 to 20.00

Rates :$170 hr

Age : 30+

Size/shape : Jabba the Hut

Nationality or Ethnicity : Syrian/Arab

Services Provided : Massage/R&T

Value for money/recommend? : money down the drain

Was browsing Locanto and saw Angel's ad. Sounded reasonable, I thought, so gave her a call. She sounded nice on the phone and promised a warm and sensual experience. I was a bit worried about the high price @ $170 p/h - but I liked Mediterranian women and she looked kinda hot. 

Rocked up at the appointment time. Was welcomed into the apartment by Angel. She looked nothing like the photo in her advert. Well, maybe a little, expect add on 30 kilos...and a couple of chins. I really should have backed out then, but I've never been able to do that at a private booking; and she seemed nice. I paid her $200, she asked me to get into the shower and then lay on the bed on my tummy.

After showering and laying on the bed, she came back in and and proceeded to oil me up and gave me a massage. The massage was actually ok - it was nice and hard, and was probably better then alot of the massage I've gotten from a AMP. The issue is that she talked. Alot. About crap which leads me to believe she's not all there...

topics discussed:

- getting her sim card stuck in her new secondhand Samsung tablet
- how she's studying crytography and plans to hack the LEAP(?) database, and asking me if I know any database that needed hacking
- how she came out of a wheelchair recently and put on weight
- how she was a realestate agent
- how she services many corporate clients and politicians
- how she is such a nice person and is very discreet

All I did was kept repeating "yeah" and "I know" over and over. The fucking bitch just won't shut up!

Then it came for the flip. Despite the fact that she looks similar to Jabba the Hut, she actually did a pretty good job with the tug. Eye contact, nice strokes, balls teasing...but then she took a phone call whilst wanking me (which was kinda hot) and then told me to finish off myself since she has a friend coming over. 

So I did. I thought real hard about Kara which gave me one of the best RnT punt I can ever recall - and shot my load...but before I even finishing jizzing she throws a bunch of tissues on my cock and starts wiping up my jism. Fucking bitch ruined my orgasm! I know there's a porn niche for that sorta shit, but I aint a fan of it in real life...

I got in the shower, got dressed, eager to get the fuck outta dodge. Then I remembered - where's my fucking change?

So at the door I asked her:

"Sorry, did you have the $30 change for me?"

"Hmmm, err, no sorry I don't have any change!"

"OK, I've got $20 here. Give the $50 to me and we'll be squared..."

"But you went overtime!"

At this point I was beyond incredulous. I almost fucking blew it.

"Excuse me, according to my phone, its exactly an hour since I stepped into your apartment. How did I go over time?"

She looks around sheepishly "oh, sorry, I was looking at my phone, here you go" she hands over the money reluctantly.

Needless to say - I won't be going back. She's probably suffering from some sort of mental illness and likes to rip people off. Stay away...


Floor: #2
Post Time: 24th August 2013, 01:44 PM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by ipdaily


Person's Name : Angel
.
.
.... She looked nothing like the photo in her advert. Well, maybe a little, expect add on 30 kilos...and a couple of chins. I really should have backed out then, but I've never been able to do that at a private booking; and she seemed nice. ..
"""



Thanks for the warning IPdaily.

Perhaps checking the photos origin with Google Images or Tineye may have warned you off her.

Sorry you blew your cash in such a way.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 24th August 2013, 03:05 PM
Poster ID: ipdaily
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by fartichoke


Thanks for the warning IPdaily.

Perhaps checking the photos origin with Google Images or Tineye may have warned you off her.

Sorry you blew your cash in such a way
"""



That pic IS her...just that she's gained a shitload of weight since then....

Ah well...the joys of punting.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 26th August 2013, 09:21 AM
Poster ID: DonkeyKong01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Feel for you. It shits me when these skanks think they can get one over us. Think ill make a booking and then wtf, I just lose my way there... Put her in her place... Can't stand girls like that.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 26th August 2013, 10:17 AM
Poster ID: tryhardaussie
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
A really good review ipdally and one that I will take heed of.
I was tempted with the ad and your review has made up my mind. thanks you for taking the time to construct such a concise review


Floor: #6
Post Time: 27th August 2013, 12:09 AM
Poster ID: Jassyhub2013
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Ip,

Thanks also, I have been watching her posts and thinking she might be a nice catch. Sorry you did not have a better time.
Better luck next time you punt!!!

Jaz :-)


Floor: #7
Post Time: 31st August 2013, 10:11 PM
Poster ID: seeking85
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Poor bugger, but funny to read cause it wasn't me :-)


Floor: #8
Post Time: 8th September 2013, 06:50 PM
Poster ID: Sams195
Post Title: 
 Angel - Moonee Ponds - 0432 824 711
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Angel

Establishment : private apartment

Date of Visit : 1/8/13

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : tel:0432 824 711 Young St, Moonee Ponds

Hours of Business : unknown

Rates : $100 half hour

Age : mid 30's

Size/shape : size 14/15

Nationality or Ethnicity : Caucasian. Italian?

Services Provided : RnT

Value for money/recommend? : would not recommend. 

My experience/comments : Was left standing out the front for about 10 minutes until she called to let me know to come up. Went up to the apartment expecting someone on the heavy side but she was bigger than I imagined. Was asked to shower and lie on the bed. She did the usual massage and after 20 mins she flipped me over and finished me off with 5 mins left. Had another shower and left. Massage was decent but not great. She wears lingerie and not allowed to touch.


