Thread Title: Angelina - Collins St - 0406 896 457
Floor: #1
Post Time: 14th February 2019, 04:06 PM
Poster ID: Cheekyguy
Post Title: 
 Angelina - Collins St - 0406 896 457
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Angelina (aka Jessica)

Establishment : 586 Collins St, Melbourne

Date of Visit : 12/02/2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Locanto - Ad Now Removed

Phone : 0406 896457

Hours of Business : 11am - 11pm

Rates : 130 - 30 mins / 250 hr (basic).  Extras as discussed.  $220 for 30 mins (BBBJ, COF)

Age : Estimate 30

Size/shape : Big F Cup boobs, slim figure

Nationality or Ethnicity : Claims Jap AV model, guessing Thai

Services Provided : BBBJ, COB, COF

Value for money/recommend? : 50/50

Would I Return? :  Yes

Apologies for having not been around - been a while since I have had any adventures . . and a nice prompter from AusXXX for review has got me back on the bike.  Odd what drives you to have some fun huh!

My experience/comments :   Had seen pics of this lady across Backpages and Locanto as one of the regulars available from a well-known Doncaster location.  I had not yet adventured along so wary because the pics of these Huge Boobs (Jessica) seemed too good to be true.  Had chatted (Line) to mamasan to enquire and she kept insisting is legit pics and vid but never managed to find time.  Then get a message to tell me Jessica is leaving.  Gutted to have missed a potential opportunity (being a love of the big mounds!).

Then, couple of days later saw ad on locanto with her pics for Collins St under the name of Angelina.  Advertised as F Cup boobs and great pics.  Then I read a review of the Doncaster location in here and someone (sorry - cannot remember who to pay you credit) confirmed that Angelina/Jessica is for real and that was it.  I had to sort out a visit to see for myself.

Few texts with the number day before and arranged a first on the day visit (originally for 11am but she woke late so actually pushed me back to 11.30am) - agreed for a shower, massage, BBBJ with COB/COF . . . $220 for 30 mins or $300 for hour.  Seemed expensive considering no FS asked . . but I figured I would treat myself based on the boobs . . . 

Angelina is exactly how she appears in her pics, her boobs are great - not saggy given their F cup size and lovely dark nips.  She is most likely Thai given she has that beautiful dark, brown and almost yellow skin tone and she is slim and (arguably) the best body I have seen referenced on here (IMHO).

Showered, and sat on bed as I admired her body in tight brown little one-piece and here is where I started to lose interest.  She was on her phone.  Chatting away, then texting and literally left me sat there waiting and watching for 5 mins.  After that, I would say her massage was laboured - I don't know why I didn't just flip over and get into things . . but I was kinda enjoying the build up to getting her kit off (weird I know).  Eventually, the flip and down came the dress.  Love the boobs, love the body . . . she has even tan all over and a couple of small tats (would say a tattoo on her butt is undergoing laser removal as was little scarred).  She then proceeded to place her phone down next to me and start the kisses working down to my little man.  On the plus, when she was working on me - her BBBJ was awesome . . kisses, licks, sucks and genuinely seemed to be enjoying herself as much as me.  

On the down side - the phone going off . . . yep, she actually kept picking up her phone and chatting.  Even using the translator to tell me to move to the middle of the bed - which was weird to be honest.  So down side again - her English isn't good (but better then my Thai I guess, lol).

After that, bit of oiled-up spanish to die for. . . and before I knew it she was telling me that time was nearly up.  By this point I was actually getting pissed off a little with the interruptions . . . so figured fine - time to go.  Dropped her to her knees and positioned myself aimed towards her face and boobs.  Think she knew she was getting a facial but (as usual) wasn't keen . . but I was going to make sure I got my request and quickly managed to cover her cheeks and boobs with some dripping love juice.  She whinged as some managed to get into her hair . . but hey, she shouldn't have tried to turn away, pmsl.

All in all, she has a great figure, she has some skills - if you can get her focus . . then I think she is well worth the trip.  If she is distracted or not interested - I would say her boobs don't save the situation.  Pretty girl, big boobs, open to some fun services (no anal or natural was only limit stated).  Still not sure if I would recommend but would love to hope she might actually put in some effort with some lucky punter.


