Thread Title: Angie Tan - Melbourne CBD - WeChat angietan348
Floor: #1
Post Time: 27th June 2019, 07:47 PM
Poster ID: antares01
Post Title: 
 Angie Tan - Melbourne CBD - WeChat angietan348
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Angie Tan

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : June 2019

Address: Spencer St Apartment

WeChat : angietan348

Hours of Business : Unknown

Rates : $250 for the hour

Age : 40's I reckon

Size/shape : Plump size 7 perhaps, D cup, shaved

Nationality or Ethnicity : MLC

Services Provided : Nude RnT, Nuru massage, CBJ

Value for money/recommend? : Not really

My experience/comments : Angie contacted me via WeChat and I decided to TOFTT.  I was unable to find any reviews on her, apologies to the Mods if I have missed her thread.

Angie's WeChat offer verbatim:

"I provide shower together,aroma oil full body massage, soft touching uvery sensual erotic touch all over u with my magic fingers then nuru gel nude body to body slide front and back of your body with very sexy movement then lastly happy ending as hand relief or mind blowing services 150 half hour 200 45 minutes 250 one hour. This is total pampering Gfe with nuru gel massage."

Against my better judgement I decided to try her out.  She was staying in a Spencer St apartment near Southern Cross Station.  There is a security system and Angie has to buzz you in.  Up to her apartment where she opens the door to me wearing skimpy bra and nickers, reasonably attractive mature age MLC woman.  Hug and a kiss, a bit of a chat, I had over the $ and Angie tells me to strip off and have a shower.  I noted she didn't join me and once I got to the shower I could see why, very cramped, very low pressure and hardly any hot water .  After my shower, dry off and back to the bedroom where Angie gets me to lay down for a pretty standard dry massage through a towel followed by oil.  Some TT and crack attention which was reasonable.  Angie then wiped the oil off and applied some heated nuru gel stripped off and gave me a body slide on my back which was just average at best. Angie wiped the nuru gel off my back and asked me to turn over.  She then applied the remainder of the gel on my front and did a bit of front body sliding.  I noticed she seemed quite disinterested and was yawning quite frequently.  After a bit, Angie produced a condom and started a CBJ, she was so rough and toothy I had to get her to stop and we finished off with a HJ.  Angie then suggested I have another shower.  I went back to the shower weak and cold, dried off, back to the bedroom to get dressed.  Angie was wandering around the apartment totally disinterested in me.  She did give me a goodby kiss and ut the door on the 60 min point.

Summary:  Did she deliver on her advertising? - NO. WIR? - NO


Floor: #2
Post Time: 29th June 2019, 09:16 AM
Poster ID: antares01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hi Mods, Angie's WeChat moments are back up, could you please add mobile 0415 951 223 to the above review.  FWIIW, the photos in her WeChat moments are not her, no surprises there I guess.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 29th June 2019, 01:36 PM
Poster ID: sribrah
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
" I noticed she seemed quite disinterested and was yawning quite frequently. "

I would have stopped at this point and asked for a refund. That's just disrespectful to clients


