Thread Title: Anna (Thai) - Somerville - 0413 503 748
Floor: #1
Post Time: 20th October 2014, 06:51 PM
Poster ID: nextlif
Post Title: 
 Anna (Thai) - Somerville - 0413 503 748
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Anna

Establishment : Private ML

Date of Visit : 20/10/2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Somerville (Advertises in Leader and sometimes Gumtree)

Hours of Business : 10am - 6pm

Rates : $65 hour

Age : Mid 30's to 40

Size/shape : Size 8

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Massage

Value for money/recommend? : Nup....

My experience/comments : 

Took a major hit for the team this arvo... got called to an urgent job in Carrum Downs so thought it might be a good idea to see if Anna was available as I was not too far from her. That was my first mistake. I called her and it went to message bank but there was no recording from her so I didnt leave a message. She called me back 10 mins later and I was able to make a booking for  a 1 hour massage in an hours time. Second mistake. So I rocked up to her house a touch early and when she answered the door I thought things were looking ok. Anna is Thai, about 37/40 ish med length black hair, nice bod about size 8, and really pretty, wearing a tee and cut off denim shorts. Nice. Got on the table and waited for about 5 mins for her to return (I hate that) and she proceeded to give me a totally shit massage.(Ass covered with a towel the entire time). Bit surprising as she had 5 or 6 massage certificates on her wall. The only good part was the short time she spent on the back of my legs...a few full blooded touches of the sack and shaft that got me hard. Unfortunately it was downhill at a hundred mile an hour after that. After the flip she did the front of my legs...no flicks this time..after 5 mins or so she asked me to sit up and hang my legs over the side of the table. She spent a minute or two rubbing my shoulders like this then said "you're done- time is up." I knew the massage hadnt gone for an hour. I could see my watch and she had only done 40 mins. So I said politely...I think you have made a mistake, I booked for an hour not 45 mins. She says, yes that was an hour... omg here we go! She tried to tell me that she started early and the total time was an hour. I didnt want to argue with her in her home and if she wanted to rip me off then so be it. I paid her with a smile, and she refunded $5 of the $65 I gave her. How nice lol. Didnt bother asking for extras...seemed like another situation that wasnt going to end well....

So.. got blue balls, ripped off for time and got a shit massage. But theres more! After I paid her I realised I was covered in a truck load of oil and when I smelled it I could tell it was fucking baby oil! Another pet hate! So I asked if I could shower. No..I dont allow clients to shower. Well, could I have a wet towel to wipe it off? No, sorry, and she handed me a small dry hand towel to clean up with!

Fuck what a disaster. And you know what, as Im leaving she asks me if I will I be coming back soon haha. At least I got one laugh out of the day. 



nextlife


Floor: #2
Post Time: 20th October 2014, 07:46 PM
Poster ID: Lethal
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Apart from being a team player Nextlife, you have provided me with the most enjoyable 5 minutes of my day. Lmfao !! Thanks for the warning and taking a very oily hit.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 20th October 2014, 08:07 PM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by nextlife


.
.
Fuck what a disaster. And you know what, as Im leaving she asks me if I will I be coming back soon haha. At least I got one laugh out of the day
"""
 


Thank you for sharing this less than awesome (LTA) experience nextlife.

Good review and a heartfelt thank you for the intell.


