Thread Title: Ava - Pascoe Vale - 0484 398 327
Floor: #1
Post Time: 3rd December 2019, 12:12 PM
Poster ID: rapture
Post Title: 
 Ava - Pascoe Vale - 0484 398 327
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Ava

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : November 19

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://melbourne.locanto.com.au/ID_...n-Goddess.html

Phone : 0484-398-327 

Hours of Business : 11am - 8pm

Rates : $150 half hour

Age : 40ish

Size/shape : Tiny

Nationality or Ethnicity : European

Services Provided : RnT

Value for money/recommend? : Fair

My experience/comments : Haven't punted for a while and was in the mood so ran through Locanto and found Ava's ad. The photos looked good so fired off a few texts and booked in a time. She gave me the address and told me to call when I was in front of the complex so she can give me the unit number. I call and in I go. Ava was busy and the other girl asked me to wait a moment for Ava to finish. I waited a few minutes and Ava came in. My first impression was fuck shes small but she was full of energy a real pocket rocket. She gave me a light kiss and we went into the massage room. I pay her upfront and she leaves me to strip off and jumped on the table. She returns and and starts a good massage on my back. Initially not really sensual but ok. She then licks my ear and parts of my body. Half way mark I flip and she starts on the front. She puts a blindfold on and runs a feather on my body and some light touches of my little man. She then takes the blindfold of and jumps on the table takes her top off to reveal her small boobs with nice nips. A little more light kissing and a tug, while I'm touching her all over except the puss as she kept her panties on. I blew my load, she cleans me up and offers a shower which I took. A little chit chat and off I go. Overall not the best put but not the worse. She is fairly new to the industry so she lacked a little sensuality and the tug was ok. I think with time she will get better. WIR, possibly


