Thread Title: Ayaka Japanese Massage
Floor: #1
Post Time: 13th October 2017, 08:21 AM
Poster ID: tryhardaussie
Post Title: 
 Ayaka Japanese Massage
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Ayaka

Establishment : Private in Braybrook

Date of Visit : October 

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.gumtree.com.au/s-ad/suns...age/1159951142 

Hours of Business : 3 days a week depending on mood

Rates : $50

Age : 30ish

Size/shape : 10

Nationality or Ethnicity : Japanese

Services Provided : Massage

Value for money/recommend? : Yes for massage 

My experience/comments : 
I spent some time trawling the net for something different when I spotted this and thought it looked promising.
Sent her a text which got a fairly prompt reply so we were off to a good start, but when I asked her what area she was in it was a vague reply. More information when I book. Again this seemed promising, if it was legit why be coy?
She only works certain days of the week and they are variable so it was about 3 weeks before a suitable day and time could be arranged and again all by text, once I had booked I get a private house address so I am thinking this could be an interesting punt. 

Rocked up to the house and it presented for all the world like a RnT dump....long grass...unregistered car in the driveway....high fence with a high gate..  but my interest was piqued so in I go. 
Ayaka opened the door and she was clearly Japanese so this was ok but she was a like alternative....not my cuppa tea but in for a penny. 
When I entered the house straight away I knew this was not going to be a happy time for me. Kids toys, the old mans boots, the front room full of shit but clearly a family home. The massage room was as picture clean and had that running water from a small water feature that makes you want to piss. 


I still went through the motions of stripping completely in case I misread the signs.
When she came in the covering soon covered my svelte 140kg frame. 

Down side not even a hint of tackle tickle or any other service apart from a massage.

Up side as I lay there thinking what a waste of time i proceeded to get one of the best massages I have ever had, I mean seriously good. 
No bullshit rubbing or kneading but the massage you get when someone understands where you need fixing. 
She found knots in my muscles that she worked out with skill and honestly I could've stayed another hour just for that.

So in summary great massage but that's it. The text messaging etc was not her fault but all the pointers lead my dirty little brain to the wrong conclusions.

Gumtree ad...text only.....mystery address only revealed when booking made...what would you think? 

WIR yes for massage and knowing there was nothing else


Floor: #2
Post Time: 13th October 2017, 07:50 PM
Poster ID: pancho
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I read the Gumtree ad. I reckon it was well worth a punt. 

Admittedly she had 2 sexual disclaimers. However, I have seen several, more legitimate looking ads on Gumtree, and they have turned out to be sexual.

Oh well nothing ventured and all that....

Thanks for the review and thanks for TOFTT.


