Thread Title: Bella Donna Maria - Preston - 0469 048 520
Floor: #1
Post Time: 2nd November 2018, 07:58 PM
Poster ID: Enjoying my Life
Post Title: 
 Bella Donna Maria - Preston - 0469 048 520
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Bella Donna Maria

Establishment : Private Lady

Date of Visit : 7/10/18

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Found on Locanto..'Friendly Polynesian BBW'

Phone :0469 048 520

Hours of Business : Saturday, Sunday , Monday
10 am to 10pm

Rates : Booked for 2 hours 300. Basic massage from 100 / hour.

Age : 43....

Size/shape : Voluptuous....

Nationality or Ethnicity : New Zealand Kiwi

Services Provided : Very sensual massage......FS

Value for money/recommend? : Yes most definitely

My experience/comments : So after a divorce and 3 years of boredom....time to get out. I was craving a naughty massage and after trawling through the plethora of crap on the net, Bella's ad seemed genuine.. and she is. She actually gave ahoot. After arriving we chat for a bit. She wants to know you, what you need / want etc. 10 or so mins later I'm on the table and the ambiance is sensational....Quiet, dark....And he we go... Lot's of warm to hot oil, very deliberate with everything she does. It is about you. To begin with the session is quite concentrated on tension or injuries....I'm guessing we are about 20 mins or in and the focus is turned. I'm asked if I mind her disrobing as it is warm, it ain't! So those magnificent breasts are all over me, my butt crack gets attention, shaved balls ( thought I give it a go glad I did). Lots of sensual erotic touching....Please turn over for me sweet.....yes ma'am. Holy crap...My prong now throbbing...I can't remember it being this hard before! Oiled up and off we go. But no quick stuff she mentions. Your mine for a long time!!! Bella leans into me and I cheekily kiss her...She reciprocates...After 10 or so mins I offer her to climb on the table...The joy of being a healthcare provider. No I won't tell you what.....So I begin to massage her..she moans and I've not even gone there. We sort of fool about joking and I slowly slide my hand down to her now very swollen clit....I play with it and start to lick it....20 or so mins later and I'm drenched. She then guides my turgid meat inside her and we climax together. Yes she did cover me 1st.....her ample butt being slapped by my pelvis....she keeps saying this is a first....by why the coverings in the draw....who cares now!
Bella is a wonderful masseuse. I genuinely believe that this intercourse is not something she would normally do....but I am new person to all this 