Thread Title: Bobo - Melb CBD - 0426 350 091
Floor: #1
Post Time: 3rd September 2017, 01:30 PM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: 
 Bobo - Melb CBD - 0426 350 091
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Bobo

Establishment : Motel 378 Lt bourke st C.B.D

Date of Visit : 3/9/2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0426350091

Hours of Business : Flexible it seems

Rates : 100$ full service 30 mins

Age : Mid 30's

Size/shape : Size 8, cuddly rump, huge dd tits, trimmed puddy

Nationality or Ethnicity : South korea

Services Provided : Bj and fs

Value for money/recommend? : Not bad

My experience/comments : I headed to 462 Elizabeth st to meet this girl 100/30 mins ?? 100% Real Photo ? Sexy & Pretty Girl Kiki ? New to Melbourne ?? Date me now? - Melbourne escorts - backpage.com.au.   This is a massive new apartment block, with what looks like 80 floors.  To reach the floor i was asked to hit a certain number twice so it would add double to the floors.  I met the girl Kiki, she had the same outfit on in the pic, her hair was shorter, and her teeth looked like fangs, so i was certain it was not her, and after feeling quite bad for her i left.   

When i reached the foyer, i received 2 texts, i thought she was going to bag me, but it was another add, advertising a girl named Amy, the same price and a different address.  I felt i was being watched lol.  I then contacted them and decided, hey lets meet another one.  Ended up being a motel this time, i have upgraded from a motor inn  to a motel.  Getting to the floor was easy, just walk in and into the lift.  Amy, this time from Taiwan, she hugged me in a short red dress, but i too was not attracted to her. Maybe late 20's. It was a close call, and when she knew i was leaving, she told me to knock on another apartment door down the hall.  I thought what is going on here.   I did and another working girl opens the door,  This lady Bobo had shoulder length parted black hair, was wearing a long blue and white dress, just above her heels, had huge tits hanging inside her dress, and a cuddly ass, and i thought, gee if u reject this one, the assumed pimp may shoot me on the street.

In all honesty Bobo's tits won me over, and i was going to give her a go.  It seemed like she had just finished a session, her knickers and bra were hanging on a chair. Bobo has an above average face. We hugged, she rubbed me through my jeans, as i rubbed her covered ass from behind. We fell onto the bed, and had a light kiss on the lips. When i lifted her dress, i rubbed her clit softly, and she moaned.  Once the dress was removed i gave her nipples a little suck.  Bobo appeared a little tense, but nothing seemed off limits at this stage.  She rolled me over and started teasing my hardened penis between her breasts.  They appeared to be D-cups or double, but they wrapped around quite nicely.

Bobo's gut region was a little weird looking, but the rest of her build is quite nice. She grabbed a condom and sucked with some force. I requested too look, and motioned for her to turn around, but she only turned to the side. Ah well i thought.  After a few mins of adequate sucking and light moaning, she grabbed the lube, and applied it with what looked like a clag stick, she did not use her hands at all.  She then sat on top" big". Not a bad fit, she ran out of energy not far in, and i motioned for missionary.  As i pumped her she said" enjoy darling".  At this stage i was thinking if i did not cum i can always see someone else, but then we changed to doggy, and the feeling was amazing.  She clenched her legs together, and the feeling was almost bareback.  

I touched just below her knees which generally means collapse your legs for lie down doggy. The feeling remained intense and i came soon after.  I thanked Bobo for her service, and watched her put her red undies and bra on, then the dress.  I did not need a shower, got dressed we hugged, she told me i was gentle, then i headed downstairs and immediately sent a text telling whoever was running this show, Bobo was great service.  Once i boarded a train home, i got another text offering me another girl, good grief.   For 100$ it was not too bad.  Backpage can be quite a lot of fun i could envisage a punter going into the city with 20 mobile numbers, and spending the whole day trying to find the right girl.  

Regarding this bargain 100 for 30 mins, it seems some mob are running the show with multiple girls all over town. There may be enough girls operating to see u through 12 hours of pop in and greets.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 4th September 2017, 05:41 AM
Poster ID: cl-dean
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks for the review Brauninc. Is this number for Bobo? Cheers.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 4th September 2017, 11:32 PM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I will be most likely staying away from the 100/30 backpage adds.  Im still a bit creeped out by the presumed prying eyes as i walked the punting walk across the c.b.d.  I don't want to have an issue that cl-dean had a couple of months ago,heavies hiding behind a wall while he mated with a girl.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 5th September 2017, 10:33 AM
Poster ID: mikemelb
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by cl-dean


Thanks for the review Brauninc. Is this number for Bobo? Cheers
"""



Pretty sure that is an agents number


Floor: #5
Post Time: 5th September 2017, 07:29 PM
Poster ID: Jersybull
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by brauninc


I will be most likely staying away from the 100/30 backpage adds.  Im still a bit creeped out by the presumed prying eyes as i walked the punting walk across the c.b.d.  I don't want to have an issue that cl-dean had a couple of months ago,heavies hiding behind a wall while he mated with a girl
"""



Sounds scary brauninc.

These places can be hit and miss but I have been twice, both quite awhile ago now. First time was great got the girl I booked straight away.
The 2nd and last time I went the girl texted me all the way up to her room, I knocked several times before she finally answered her door. Quickly stuck her head out the door and said, "sorry busy now" and slammed the door shut.
AS I walked away in disgust vowing never to return to these places, I received text messages from 4 different phones, from 4 different places across the CBD all within easy walking distance of each other, all with the exact same pricing structure etc. So I reckon mikemelb you may be right it may be an agent organising this shit.
There are better ones available, I dont go there that often, but I avoid those ones that all have the same pricing structure.


