Thread Title: Candy - Melbourne (CBD) - 0481 261 426
Floor: #1
Post Time: 2nd May 2013, 01:46 PM
Poster ID: Cheekyguy
Post Title: 
 Candy - Melbourne (CBD) - 0481 261 426
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Candy (aka Lisa)

Establishment : Backpacker Room

Date of Visit : 29th April 2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0481 261426 / 0431 747521, ***PWL address removed. BAB***

Hours of Business :  Daytime

Rates : 60 (30 mins)

Age : 30's

Size/shape : Short, overweight

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Massage, HJ, CBJ

Value for money/recommend? : No

My experience/comments : Saw ad on Locanto a while back and had emailed for details, she had replied sending details of a body to body rub with a CBJ for a $60 fee.  Never followed up at the time and it was only a few weeks later that I recalled her email (primarily because I was in the City, usual places were busy and the dreaded 'must have' had well and truly kicked in!

So, texted to ask when free and she said now, sent address which is a backpackers hostel.   Met her outside and it was at this point I should have declined (how many times do we say that).  I am a Pom  (sad but true) and I think that sometimes we have a reputation of being too polite (which is why when we do find something to whinge about, we really really go off - but that is by the by) - I was clearly too polite because before I knew it I was smiling back at a 5ft 2, overweight lady who was probably in her early thirties and just did absolutely nothing for me in the looks or attractiveness department.  

I can admit to being pretty shallow in that I consider the service is equal to the looks and attractiveness (a personal thing) . . after all I appreciate the effort I go to in the gym to stay fit, toned and healthy so it is only natural I admire ladies who have pride in their own appearance.  Candy clearly had not seen the inside of a gym for a while and yet somehow I was magically transported up the lift to her room.   WTF!!!

Anyhow, before I could really must the courage to escape, she had taken my notes, and was peeling off her clothes.  To be fair, her boobs were a decent size and I did my very best to think about the positives.  I literally started squinting to stare only at her middle third . . and that was when I noticed the stomach that was over-hanging her (shaven) pussy.  Oh no - concentrate, concentrate.

OK, trying to be positive here . . . . . on to the service.  Her massage was actually pretty decent and as she chatted away about how skint she was and how guys in Melbourne just were not as keen to see her (as those in Sydney where she lives and also operates), I bit my tongue as I was neither going to tempt either of us into arranging any other services / fees . . or get dragged into a debate as to why the Melbourne gents may be more discerning in their taste.    Each to their own I say.

Anyways, on to the flip, she put on the conny with her mouth (which was the only way I was ever going to be able to 'grow' to fill the thing!) and she happily got into it.  Again, trying to be fair - she did her level best to get me to enjoy the experience.  But I couldn't help but keep taking a peek at her (rather than filling my head with the fantasy of what/who I could have been doing at the time had anywhere else been open!).  5-10 minutes of head bobbing and slobbering away (with all the noise I couldn't help but wonder if she had secretly poured some sort of sauce onto the meat) - and then off with the rubber to finish by hand.  I did the only thing I could and slid between her boobs and finally got over the line.    Unfortunately, as she was (aww bless her) concerned about cleaning me up I then had to spend another 5 minutes being wiped down when all I wanted to do was get out of there and home to shower. 

I know this is a harsh review considering her massage was pretty good and she did everything she could to make it 'pleasurable' but for someone like me who is 50% about the aesthetics . . she was never going to be anything other than a disappointment to me.  That is my bad though.

Unfortunately, I couldn't find any reviews on here for her - which means I can't blame myself for not having done the research to begin with.  Pretty sure that anybody else would have given the same sort of assessment.  The moral of the story?  Read the reviews at least . . . seems I picked the wrong "Candy" to go see . . damn.

WIR - Hell no.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 3rd May 2013, 07:14 PM
Poster ID: BadAussieBoy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Here are her Sydney reviews:

http://auxxxreviews.com/forum/f116/c...1-426-a-15797/


