Thread Title: Cassie - Melbourne (CBD) - 0421 937 279
Floor: #1
Post Time: 30th November 2012, 11:01 PM
Poster ID: LetsGetSome
Post Title: 
 Cassie - Melbourne (CBD) - 0421 937 279
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Cassie

Establishment : Hotel

Date of Visit : October 2012

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Awesome Asian Girl - you will love my service, melbourne cbd  0421 937 279 

Hours of Business : Daytime

Rates : $60 for half, $100 for 1 hour

Age : Says 20 on ad, but claimed to be 28 whenasked and looks over 30

Size/shape : Busty, curvy

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Massage, CBJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes but YMMV

My experience/comments :

Messaged the number in the ad and chatted with the reception girl after the messages were going around in circles. I tried to get more details about services and prices for extra but she gave me the 'come and you find out' response. So arranged for a meeting in the city and found out she operates out of a hotel. I ended up being half an hour late but she was cool with it so give her points for that.
Once inside, found out the reception girl was the massage girl - basically shes working alone. She had the curtains pulled shut, making the room very dark. As she did the introductions, I noticed the curtains were dark for a reason - Cassie was way older than the 20 as stated on the ad and wasn't what you would really call pretty... She was wearing the bra/panties combo from the pic in the ad and she had a good body. Anyway, I actually needed a massage after doing a long run earlier in the week so went ahead.
Cassie waited until I got undressed before doing a strip show of sorts on the bed. She motioned for me to come over and I laid down on the bed next to her. We chatted and kissed and she let my hands wander around although she limited how far down I could go. After a while, she asked me to flip over and began the back massage. 
She started with the tits-on-back rub then actually did a real massage. Cassie was a bigger girl than the typical Asian and the massage actually was good. We continued to chat while she loosened my shoulders, back and leg strain.
On the flip, instead of going straight for the goods, she again massaged the legs as I told her I had been running a lot. When she worked her way up and started stroking that area, I asked for a BJ. She said "CBJ only" which I was happy with, and said "no extra charge" since we had a pretty good rapport after the phone calls and conversations. She put it on with her mouth and sucked away. I got her to position her body so I could see the action and massage her breasts. Finished up before long - I didn't know you could feel that type of suction with a bag on 
Afterwards, she asked for a neck massage (for all the neck movement she had to do before) then massaged my back and legs again. I was fairly sure we were way over half an hour by that time but she wasn't busy so weren't in a rush. 
I got dressed and asked in jest if there was any special for repeat customers, to which she replied I already got the special treat  well... not complaining.

So in summary, if you want a good rub then yes. If you want a young pretty thing, then no.


