Thread Title: Cassandra - CBD Melbourne - -0450 766 054
Floor: #1
Post Time: 30th October 2018, 07:00 AM
Poster ID: albertjohanes924
Post Title: 
 Cassandra - CBD Melbourne - -0450 766 054
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Cassandra

Establishment : CBD

Date of Visit : October 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.frontpage.net.au/classified?Post=9671

Phone :0450766054

Hours of Business : 

Rates : 250 ph

Age : 24

Size/shape : petite

Nationality or Ethnicity : caucasian

Services Provided : dfk, fs, daty, massage, bodyslide

Value for money/recommend? : yes

My experience/comments : Havent tried too many of the rnt girls in melbourne so Cassandra is one of the first ive seen in a while. She had good reviews so she sounded like a safe choice for reliable service. Her text messeages had good vibes and she was clear on what qas on offer.

She was working from a small hotel, not alot of space but the bed was all that was needed. She had the bubbly girl personality and really tried to make you feel comfortable from the start which us always a nice extra. 

I would say she ranges between above average to very pretty, very girl next door. Her body was nice but in many ways abit boring but proportional, but she had nice tits especially for her small size. Pictures are very accurate.

She is very into french kissing which was what i was mostly there for. We got straight into it after a few quick exchanges, i love it when they dont get you to shower before we start, saves alot of time. Full service was extra so i just went with whatever she had included. She was on top of me for the first 10 mins, fucking my mouth with her tongue while i rubbed my cock all over her pelvic area and thighs.

Then she went on top of me with her bare pussy drooling and grinding over my thigh and cock for another 10 mins. Her tits felt amazing on my chest, not so big but soft and warm. When time was slmost up we both sat upright and made out while i was jerking off with her hands all over me. I was crazy horny, blew a huge load onto her belly, it may have landed on her pussy aswell, couldnt tell as i was enjoying her tongue in my mouth while i came.

I wanted to add another 30 mins but she had another appointment. One of the best in a while for me, main drawbacks are that there are many prettier and fitter gurls than her, probably not as many who are as servicable however


Floor: #2
Post Time: 12th January 2019, 12:10 AM
Poster ID: Lif
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Cassandra

Establishment : CBD

Date of Visit : November 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://au.skokka.com/escorts/melbou...jd2b252080053/

Phone :0450766054

Hours of Business : subject to change 

Rates : $140 - 30 mins

Age : 20s

Size/shape : petite

Nationality or Ethnicity : kiwi 

Services Provided : dfk, nhj 

Value for money/recommend? : depends on what you are looking for

Cassandra is based at a hotel on Collins and Swanston Street. Her photos are 100% accurate. She’s very girl next door looking, pleasant, sweet and a slim and petite body. B cup boobs which look nice and proportionate on her. Unlike OP, I was offered FS but I was happy with just dfk and her laying next to me, kissing me all over and giving me a handy. It felt like a gfe session without sex. She’s good at dfk and very passionate and sensual. If you are looking for a pleasant chat and sensual session with a sweet girl then I would recommend her.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 8th February 2020, 01:04 PM
Poster ID: kits759
Post Title: 
 Cassandra - Melbourne CBD - 0450 766 054
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Cassandra

Establishment : Private Apartment, independant

Date of Visit : Dec  2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.escortsandbabes.com.au/P...sandra_QT_Pie/

Phone : 0450 766 054

Hours of Business : Unsure

Rates : $140 for 30 minutes

Age : Mid-Late 20s

Size/shape : Slightly curvy

Nationality or Ethnicity : Kiwi

Services Provided : Massage, DFK and HE

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : Was hoping to kill some time in the city and decided to give Cassandra a try. Was really easy making a booking with her. Got to her apartment, she was on time and easily buzzed me upstairs. She is the girl from the pics, although she has put on some weight, not a lot. Was asked to shower by myself even though her ad had previously stated that she showers together. He place was imaculate. After cleaning myself up, we made some small talk was then asked to lie down on the bed. She applied a bit of oil and gave a nice quick back rub using her forearms, felt like she has had some training massaging people. Was then asked to flip over. She was quite sensual at this point, she new where to kiss and lick on my body while stroking me. She then proceeded to DFK me and also stepped closer to allow me to have a go at her boobs. After a while she started stoking me harder at which point I climaxed. She seemed really friendly and a bit funny, I would definetly go back.


