Thread Title: CiCi - St Kilda - 0432 325 662
Floor: #1
Post Time: 14th April 2013, 10:53 PM
Poster ID: mycanon
Post Title: 
 CiCi - St Kilda - 0432 325 662
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name:CiCi

Establishment: private

Date of Visit:11/4/13

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: Massage unforgettable, St Kilda

Hours of Business: ring CiCi

Rates:$75

Age:Mature

Size/shape:6

Nationality or Ethnicity: Asian

Services Provided: Rub N Tug

Value for money/recommend?: Good value for money

My experience/comments:

Hi all here is my first review on this site with a lovely lady. Ok, so I was trolling the Locanto ads looking for something a bit different when I hit upon CiCi's ad for a mature massage in St Kilda. Pictures were interesting, showing a busty Asian mature - just what I was in the mood for.

So after a few minutes chatting and catching up I was shown into their Apartment and given the usual run down. Nude 30 mins massage - $65, extras available, including the double,. Her other friend was a nice mature lady, both the other side of 40 and neither the girl in the Locanto Ad picture (Bugger). Still the other bird had a nice C cup rack and a good set of polished floorboards. CiCi as many may remember is an A cup at best and also has nice floorboards as well. She cuddled up to me with her friend while I was undressing and talked me into the double massage $100 - 30 mins FS session, but only FS with one of them. Straight into a nice two hands massage, chatty session. Lucy concentrating on the Back, Sac and Crack while her friend worked on neck, shoulders and head. Lots of light tantalising touching and also some nice kissing all over. As the other girl (forgot her name !! ) was at the head of the table I reached out and copped a good feel of her arse and worked my way in the pussy lips and explored. Now she started the moan/groan which I took to be a little OTT for such a quick start, but within a few minutes my fingers were very wet with copious pussy juices, so perhaps she really was enjoying herself. Meanwhile, CiCi had her hands under me on the table and had got me to a full woody and asked me to quickly turn over, only 10 mins into the session. OK.

Over I flipped, the girls stayed where they were and continued. Now, at this point, CiCi was oiling me up and getting me going, so I told her friend to sit on my face so I could lick her pussy. She asked if I was sure then without any hesitation up she jumped and in I dove. Now, while she was quite wet, she actually smelled nice, clean and fresh and tasted good too. She was definately getting off on it as I was intermittently having trouble breathing as she ground herself into my mouth and moaned/groaned her way along. At this point, CiCi grabbed the GladWrap and proceeded to suck on the old feller - NOT HELPING my staying power, but I went with it anyway. After another 10 mins or so, I asked to stand up and enjoy something else. It only took me about 5 mins and I blew my load nicely CiCi was still tickling and stroking my balls and blowing and telling me what a good boy I was and did I enjoy that ?!? YUP

Took me a while to clean up as I had not only a seriously wet groin, but also my legs were covered too. While cleaning up, CiCi took another phone call and wandered into another room to talk. Leaving myself and the other girl to finish cleaning ourselves off. While dressing we chatted and she asked if I'd enjoyed and would I come back again. Yes, and Yes. I said that next time I might just spend more time with her as I'd not got to play much with her titties. she asked if that was what I liked and I told her yes. She told me I was good at the DATY and she'd enjoyed. She then offered me her titties for a suck, which I did and enjoyed that too. She told me that I was nice and gentle and I had to come back soon. As I was being walked out, she cuddled and rubbed my groin and told me to come back soon again.


So all in all a damn good session. WIR - You becha. and soon too....


