Thread Title: Connie (Ladeda Massage) - Croydon - 0409 588 926
Floor: #1
Post Time: 31st May 2011, 10:23 PM
Poster ID: pantyhosemassagefan
Post Title: 
 Connie (Ladeda Massage) - Croydon - 0409 588 926
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Connie

Establishment : Ladeda Massage

Date of Visit: 30/5/11

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: Ladeda Massage, croydon | Health/Safety Specialists Melbourne

Hours of Business: Mon - Frid & Weekends 10am - 8pm

Rates: $100/hr

Age: 40 something

Size/shape: Slim

Nationality or Ethnicity: Aussie

Services Provided: Massage

Value for money/recommend?: Maybe

My experience/comments: Was in the mood for a good massage and found on Gumtree an interesting one. Further searching led me to the link above which has a photo and also a link to her website. It looked interesting although it said "Nonsexual service only" (hey how many ads say that but actually offer more?) it said "this massage is not remedial or deep tissue and do not focus on individual complaints".
So I secured the first appointment available the following day and turned up to a private unit on time to be greeted with "I forgot you were coming". Connie was a little less glamourous than her photo but still attractive enough and quickly got the room together and heater on. The room was nicely set up and she left me to "do my thing". I guessed she meant undress. The table had no towels on it as usual for Lomi Lomi and no other towel in sight for draping so I stripped off and lay face down waiting for her return. She was wearing a black singlet and leggins - Music on and into the massage. Connie used nice warm oil and fairly skilled at the massage. Using combinations of hands and forearms she worked on my back, buttocks and legs - all nice so far. At one stage she moved my knee up and out - a little uncomfortable to hold there for a while but this gave her access to both sides of my thighs and massaged all the way into the groin (alas with no touching of the jewels yet). This was all repeated on the other side and then she moved up to stand at my head and leant over me to massage down my back. It felt really nice to feel her body lean on me (even though she remained dressed) as she reached right down my back. I had my hands up at my forehead and she managed to push her pubic area against them as she leant over. I went along with a very subtle motion of my fingers but didn't want to push my luck. She didn't object so I was thinking that this could get better later on! Eventually I was invited to turn over. More massaging on both sides simultaneously (if you haven't tried Lomi Lomi - you should!) and some very sensuous moves had me hard as ever. There was the occasional brush of my hard on as she moved past that area, lots of smiles exchanged but still no indication that I was in for the happy ending. I guessed I was going to have to ask. I suggested it would be much more fun if she was naked too but all I got was "Yeah Yeah I've heard it all before". She moved up behind my head again and brought my hand up above my head as she massaged my arm. Conveniently my hands ended up resting up on her bum. She didn't mind that I kept them there for a while. The massage eventually ended so in frustration I just asked if she was going to finish me off. She replied that she doesn't do that! She sat in the chair next to the table and I sat up. I grabbed the oil bottle and asked her if she minded if I use a bit. She was actually quite happy to sit and watch me jack off in front of her. Afterwards when I questioned if it was a legal issue she said no she just refuses to do it and feels really uncomfortable doing it. I just don't get it - how can she be comfortable with my hard on almost in her face and me jacking off but not be willing to give the happy ending? wierd! She also said that she doesn't do it for regulars either. Might be a challenge there in going back just to see.

To sum up - massage 8/10 but overpriced since it's essentially a straight massage. Although if you are happy to DIY you might be happy to pay that amount.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 25th June 2011, 09:00 PM
Poster ID: pantyhosemassagefan
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
OK - I couldn't resist a return visit to see if more was on offer. It's absolutely no topless/nude or lingerie - pity but the singlet top showed a nice cleavage. Also no HJ on offer but she's cool if you want to DIY during the massage - it's a very nice and sensual massage. She was telling me about two lesbians that come together for a massage...would love to watch that!


Floor: #3
Post Time: 22nd July 2011, 01:21 PM
Poster ID: mikemelb
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Gluten for punishment


Floor: #4
Post Time: 31st July 2011, 07:05 PM
Poster ID: pantyhosemassagefan
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Gluten free?


