Thread Title: El - South Yarra - 0426 092 426
Floor: #1
Post Time: 9th November 2019, 12:25 AM
Poster ID: AOR guy
Post Title: 
 El - South Yarra - 0426 092 426
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : El

Establishment : Private Residence Darling St South Yarra

Date of Visit : 8/11/2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.gumtree.com.au/s-ad/sout...rra/1232979605

Phone : 0426092426

Hours of Business : 10am - 11pm

Rates : $80 p/h

Age : 27

Size/shape : Tall and slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : Massage & Topless HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Maybe

My experience/comments : Was visiting a friend in East Melbourne so I decided to look for options around Richmond/South Yarra and found this ad on Gumtree which has since been removed. There were around 35 views when I booked. 27 yo girl El, it had 2 pics of her which were real and she was quite young looking and has braces on her teeth. Was offering $80 for a 1 hour massage and does Relaxation, Swedish and Lomi. What I liked was her late times which suited me as I got a 9pm slot with her. Arrived at location and messaged her so she could let me in. Small apartment and had room set up nicely. She was tall and attractive and asked me to get undressed and lay on table, did so undraped and she came back and started applying oil and light strokes. She was using medium to light strokes and it was ok, but then at times would use forearm and go over bones which hurt a little, felt there was no real purpose or flow to the massage, it was a bit down here and then a bit up there and then back again. She did have some nice strokes, but sort of felt she might still be a bit new to massage. She had a dog and the dog was crying out a few times and she apologised and had to look after the dog a couple of times. She comes back and there was no play anywhere through the massage on the back and back of legs, did the flip and she got a pillow under my head and remained undraped, so I thought extras were on the cards. Massaged front of legs and then around chest and shoulders and then a light sensual strokes and said all done, is there anywhere you want me to focus on or areas I missed... I said does anything stand out? she laughed... I said I think you missed that area and she said extra will make it $150 all up, I said I only have $130, she said ok, $20 off for the dog barking... I was only expecting HJ, but she took off her top and was walking around in a G string. Had very nice teenage boobs like are still developing, was able to play with them will she was stroking the old fella and before long he spewed his guts out which she wasn't expecting that much. Cleaned me up a little and asked if I wanted a shower, asked if she was going to have one too and which she said no, so I said no and she got a towel to wipe me down and got changed and said good byes. I had her ad saved as a favourite and when I was in the car, got a massage from Gumtree saying my favourite had been removed. So she's closed the ad for some reason, but people here can always say they saved the details if she doesn't put up a new one.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 9th November 2019, 11:34 PM
Poster ID: sribrah
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Interesting. Her ad is removed.
So maybe it was a one off - maybe she needed a bit of quick money?


