Thread Title: Fiona -  Carnegie - 0402 282 798
Floor: #1
Post Time: 1st September 2017, 11:23 AM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: 
 Fiona -  Carnegie - 0402 282 798
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Fiona

Establishment : Private-Carnegie

Date of Visit : 1/9/2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : NEW!!!NEW!!!NEW!!! ?Very Innocent looking ? SUPER horny ? Asian barely legal honey ? Sexy oily Body - Melbourne escorts - backpage.com.au

Hours of Business : unknown

Rates : 130$ 30 mins

Age : mid 20's

Size/shape : size 7 a-cups hairy pussy

Nationality or Ethnicity : china

Services Provided : full service

Value for money/recommend? : Not really

My experience/comments : With all the rage lately with Backpage, i thought i'd jump on the bandwagon too. I thought i would start local. When i was given the address i saw it was a motor inn.  I was not expecting the girl to be the one in the pic and it wasn't. She was ok looking, and as many have said" i should have walked", but hey i looked on it as an experience, and i was quite backed up .  The room like the whole establishment is quite rundown.  The girl had some freckles and no english to be honest.  She took off her see through black negligee, kept her black undies on, motioned for me to lie down, and immediately put a condom on a limp penis.  She sucked it until i was reasonably hard.  It felt quite good.  

Her pussy is very hairy, she applied lube and i enter a fairly loose vagina to be honest.  A couple of minutes in missonary, then doggy and lie down doggy, with the lube drying up, i quickly blew.  Fiona has a few spots on her rear end. The add states refreshments, but the most refreshing thing was getting out of there to be honest.  The contact via mobile was definitely not her.   What i have learn't so far with backpage is, if the pics come along with a video clip, you have more of a chance of meeting the real person, if the pics are blurred there is a better chance of them being real, but hey if they are fake pics,  u may end up meeting someone your attracted too.

I will try backpage again.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 1st September 2017, 11:30 AM
Poster ID: robot
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Ive been hesitant to try the backpage girls too with what seems to be more misses than hits going by the reviews. All part of the game i guess.


