Thread Title: Gem - Tantric Massage - Carrum - 0405 273 754
Floor: #1
Post Time: 7th October 2015, 07:50 PM
Poster ID: simple-love
Post Title: 
 Gem - Tantric Massage - Carrum - 0405 273 754
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Gem

Establishment : True Ave, Carrum

Date of Visit : 29th Sep 2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0405 273 754

Hours of Business : 10 am till late

Rates : $250 for hour

Age : 37

Size/shape : C cup, curvy

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : Tantric Massage

Value for money/recommend? : Most definitley!

My experience/comments : 
So I visited Tantric Gem in Carrum..

She seemed really easy going, and playful on the phone.. so i decided to give her a go.


When i arrived she graciously answered the door in a beautiful sexy, silk gown, with a warm smile on her face.

She worked from home, i was shown into a massage room that is on the bottom level of her home.

The room was warm, and had a peaceful setting, i felt very comfortable.


She began by asking me to undress and lay on the table face down.
She took of her clothes and began the session with what she called a guided meditation. - It did help me to relax...

She then proceeded with a long, and soft sensual massage.. Now this woman has the touch of an angel. -Her hands are so so soft, it almost felt like silk on my body.
A gentle yet cheeky bodyslide helped to excite my senses..before she asked me to turn over..

I was feeling very relaxed at this time... She then explained some tantric breathing (i have tried before) which i really enjoy doing as it helps me feel very energised during sexual arrousal. 
Her hands her so soft on my cock, and she new how to please me, yet at the same time not allowing us to get too caught up on rushing to ejaculate..
I didnt ejaculate as she recommended not to - as it helps to keep the "sexual energy" in my body - or i could feel drained after ejaculating.. i didnt mind, i more of a relaxed type that enjoys the sensual company of a woman.

She gently stroked my body and allowed me to relax into the moment.. i really appreciated that..

Afterwards she offered me a hot shower - crisp clean facilities! A nice change.


Overall i would definitely recommend Gem as a goer!


Floor: #2
Post Time: 25th October 2015, 12:17 AM
Poster ID: rinudesilva
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hey man,nice review.
I rang her a couple of days ago,vivid description over the phone,quite tempting.
How is she looks wise?you have said 37 as age?
Is it value for Money??


Floor: #3
Post Time: 1st November 2015, 09:28 PM
Poster ID: clintmac
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
this is her ad mate
http://vic.locanto.com.au/ID_4864527...c-Massage.html


