Thread Title: Hayley - Rosebud - 0423 695 161
Floor: #1
Post Time: 14th August 2013, 07:56 AM
Poster ID: nextlif
Post Title: 
 Hayley - Rosebud - 0423 695 161
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Hayley

Establishment : The Soothing Mermaid Massage (Private House)

Date of Visit : 09/08/2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0423  695 161 - Advertises on Gumtree

Hours of Business : 8am-10pm 7 days

Rates : $75 hour

Age : 22? - Im not the best judge of ages but she is young

Size/shape : Short, solid build

Nationality or Ethnicity : Taiwan

Services Provided : Massage

Value for money/recommend? : A+ massage

My experience/comments : 

Saw Hayleys ad on Gumtree some time ago, and as I was travelling to her area on business last week decided to make an appointment. If you ring her you will most likely get her voicemail. She prefers you to text her, which I did and she replied back quickly with available times for that day. Booking was made with ease and no fuss.
Arrived at her house on time, no parking available out front as she is on a main road so parked around the nearest corner and walked. Very old run down house with a high wooden fence at front with double gates which are padlocked and chained. There is a doorbell and a small sign saying to press the bell a few times if shes not there soon. Pressed the bell and two small dogs raced to the gate annoucing my arrival to the world! She quickly followed , got rid of the dogs, unchained the gates and let me in.
Hayley is about 5' tall, looked to be of solid build...couldnt really tell as she was wearing a large jacket, very pretty face and very friendly. She led me to the front door, where there were a pair of mens boots and a bicycle on the porch. However, no sign of him being in the house at all.Her massage room is quite large and dark with good heating (also heated massage table). Furniture was old and rough and the room had a musty smell. Not very pleasant but I didnt notice it once the massage started.
She started off with me sitting on a couch , fully clothed but asking me to remove my shoes and socks. While I did this she left the room but returned in minutes with a foot spa with warm water. I placed my feet in the water to soak while she massaged my hands. After about 5 minutes she removed my feet from the spa and dried them off with a clean towel then massaged them with a small amount of oil. This was the best foot massage I have ever had. She really knew what she was doing.
Feet finished, she left the room while I undressed and lay on the table. I took everything off and lay uncovered waiting for her. She returned quickly and placed a towel over my butt and legs  and started on my back. As per the foot massage, the massage on my back was superb, great firm touch that was extremely soothing.Next she massaged my butt but left the towel on   This part was done quickly and without any sensual touch at all. Much the same with the legs , excellent touch and pressure but she didnt go anywhere near the "good bits". Turned over, still covered by a towel, and she massaged the front of my legs. This was much more sensual, pushing my legs apart , great inner thigh massage with a couple of good brushes of the scrote...then finished with a great head and neck massage. 
I politley enquired about the possibility of any extra services but she just giggled, blushed and said "I dont think so". My feeling was the door is still definitley open here but it may take one or two more visits to get there. 
WIR? Absolutley yes. This was one of the best massages Ive ever had, Hayley is highly trained , really knows what she is doing and has a great touch. I often find Asian massage ladies to be a bit stand offish and arrogant..more interested in your wallet than anything else, but this is not the case with Hayley. Shes friendly, chatty, smiles a lot and put 100% effort into the massage.
Will be booking again next week with a longer duration this time


Floor: #2
Post Time: 14th August 2013, 11:49 AM
Poster ID: hudo
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Nextlife a very similar experience to what I had some 6 months ago.  It's shame she is such a long way, well from Metro Melb, to keep visiting hoping for something a little more.  However as you said an excellent massage.


