Thread Title: Helen -mitcham 0434 365 685
Floor: #1
Post Time: 27th July 2017, 07:47 PM
Poster ID: Mickjonz
Post Title: 
 Helen -mitcham 0434 365 685
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : helen

Establishment : private house

Date of Visit : July 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : http://m.locanto.com.au/melbourne/ID...tern-area.html
0434365685

Hours of Business : 10 till 8pm

Rates : 50 for 30 min 30 for nude hj

Age : 40

Size/shape : few extra kgs

Nationality or Ethnicity : chinese

Services Provided : nude handy

Value for money/recommend? : yes if you like a cheap older bird
So I found this one on Locanto. She is around 40,asian with c cups. I gave her a ring and popped around to a private unit in mitcham. 
When I got there I gave her the 50 for 30mins and she gave me 5 to get undressed. When she came back and saw me starkers was a little shocked and began the massage. After about 10 mins she asked if I want happy ending, which I agreed and was an extra 30 for nude tug. 
Body was good enough and let me touch were I liked. Got me over the line and a good clean up and I was out the door.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 1st August 2017, 03:25 PM
Poster ID: Wollee
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Mimi

Establishment : Helen's at Mitcham

Date of Visit : 7 July 2017

Contact Details/Address : 0434 365 685

Hours of Business : 10.00 am till 8.00 pm

Rates : $100 30 minutes FS

Age : Mid 30's

Size/shape : Tallish, slim, A + Cups. Long flowing black hair.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Nude Massage FS

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

Was driving thru the leafy suburb of Mitcham and remembered that Helen from Clayton had established a new venue. Decided to see who was available and rang just before opening time. Helen answered, remembered my phone number from Clayton and said it has been a long time honey. I agreed, and asked who was on. She told me Mimi was here today and I would enjoy. (Good sales skills). Made an an appointment and headed to the address. 

Walked up the drive and Helen was at the door waiting for me. She took me into a bedroom and asked my pleasure. I gave her the $100 and she said yes, you will like. She walked out and I stripped. I surveyed my surroundings and saw a double bed, a massage table, dressing table. Just the furniture that you would find in a home unit in Mitcham.

A knock on the door and in comes Mimi. At 10.00 am, on a cold Melbourne morning, she was dressed in a summer frock, halter neck, no bra. I said aren't you cold and she smiled. I told her that I would warm her up.

With that I warmed my hands on the heater and got Mimi to stand with her back to me. I commenced to rub her shoulders and breasts over her clothes. I then undid the halter top, slipped it over her breasts and let the frock drop to the floor. This revealed a black frilly G string. I continued to rub her breasts and her belly as she backed up to me. She gyrated her bum cheeks against my hardening cock. She then reached behind her and grabbed my monster. I told her to slow down and motioned her to get onto the massage table for a bit of DATY. 

I started to kiss her breasts and suck on her nipples. She reacted by lifting her torso off the table. I slid her G string down her legs and off. I knew I was on a winner as I traced my tongue down to her love hole. Chewing and sucking on her pussy and clit got her over the line. She held my head down as she clenched her body.

Now for the main event. She grabbed a Dom and encased my cock. I started to rub the head up and down her pussy and then into her as she lay on her back. She pulled me into her by grabbing my arse cheeks. We got a rocking motion going and not long after I am spent. She was not tight but nice and wet. I pull out and leave the Condom inside her. She fingers herself to remove it. Good look..

Mimi hands me tissues to clean myself. She gives her puss a wipe with a wet one and gets dressed, albeit, she is not wearing too much. Say our goodbyes and leave the room. Helen is waiting, hands me a lolly and tells me to come back soon....Yes, value for money...Yes...


Floor: #3
Post Time: 1st August 2017, 07:01 PM
Poster ID: Frontloader
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thx Wollee, never been but is on my hit list. Good times were had it seems with a gal who was into it a bit, and all at  an accepable price point.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 1st August 2017, 07:23 PM
Poster ID: Mickjonz
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
When I was there,  I think Helen was the only one there.  She was still good fun for the rnt


Floor: #5
Post Time: 30th July 2018, 04:02 PM
Poster ID: Jassyhub2013
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I heard this place has now closed. Council did the rounds twice with the second time notifying owner the third time it would be police who visit...
So one more to take off the list.
Cheers
Jas


Floor: #6
Post Time: 30th July 2018, 04:07 PM
Poster ID: Alternate 75
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
She was great for FS as well, Tennyson St she was my go to but Mitcham was too far away!


