Thread Title: Heyle - Melbourne - 0403 753 492
Floor: #1
Post Time: 5th September 2014, 03:48 PM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: 
 Heyle - Melbourne - 0403 753 492
				
Post Content: 
Heyle's Locanto ad, http://melbourne.locanto.com.au/ID_3...g-Oz-babe.html





			
				stunning Oz babe - 26

Hi, I'm Heyle. I'm stunning red head Oz babe. I'm giving you stress free happy massage in CBD. If you like to visit me, please send SMS. Hope to see you guys soon.

For booking : 0403753492


Floor: #2
Post Time: 5th September 2014, 04:56 PM
Poster ID: Ranog
Post Title: 
 Heyle  - Melbourne -   0403 753 492
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name :Heyle 

Establishment :West end Melb CBD 

Date of Visit : Sept 2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Locanto

Hours of Business : Mon- Fri business hours 

Rates : $60 30 mins $100 1 hr $150 HJ

Age : 26

Size/shape : A beautiful, slim young woman with no piercings or tattoos

Nationality or Ethnicity :Australian 

Services Provided : massage, hj, sells her panties

Value for money/recommend? : hell yeah

My experience/comments : 

Contacted Heyle through her mobile having found her profile on Locanto. A pleasant exchange of text messages fixing a time that suited us both.

Found the apartment block and had the door opened by a doll. I thought it was the receptionist but it was Heyle. Slinky black dress and high heels. Greeted warmly and shown straight into the massage room. No waiting here.

The room is rather basic, not even a chair to put your clothes on. No massage table just a mattress on the floor but the linen is all very clean. Rather Japanese style lying stretched out on the floor with low lighting.

Heyle starts the massage fully and elegantly dressed. When the massage starts the invitation is do you wish to chat or just lie there quietly and enjoy the massage. Rather considerate really.

I chose to chat and discussed her formal attire. Soon had her down to stockings, suspender belt, bra and panties for only $20 extra.

What a sight Heyle was! Superb slim, milky white figure with no piercings or tattoos. Beautiful breasts about a B cup and fully shaven. Her arse has to be seen to be believed.

Heyle allows touching of her body whilst she gives you a great massage. You can go inside her panties but she won't take them off.If you are taken by her panties you can buy them from her at a reasonable price but I passed on that.

Massage concluded with a great HJ whilst I fondled her.There wasn't a shower which was a negative but she does wipe you down with a hot towel.

Overall a top experience. A shower would make it even better.


