Thread Title: Ivy - Melbourne - 0431 453 554
Floor: #1
Post Time: 18th July 2012, 10:11 AM
Poster ID: adventurous
Post Title: 
 Ivy - Melbourne - 0431 453 554
				
Post Content: 
Establishment and/or person's Name:Ivy

Contact Details/Address: Ads are on locanto - 0431 453 554

Prices: $100/hr no extra, $100 /half hr for nude plus hj

Age:20's

Size/shape:Averager

Nationality or Ethnicity: Chinese

Services: Nude, HJ

Value for money/recommend ?Ok service, but a bit pricey.


Went to see Ivy, we all know about this group of girls , Candy, Ivy, Karen and Amy, they advertise on Locanto, pretty much every day.
I was a bit thrown by the pricing once I was in there, if you want nude and HJ, the price goes up a fair bit, and in my opinion, not really worth it. I also think that Ivy, and Amy, are actually the same person. 
Both nuded up, she used a little bit of oil on my back, just going through the motions, not much of a massage to speak of really, but wasn't shy to pay attention to the tackle. And she allowed touching everywhere, and I was surprised I didn;t et the "no fingers inside" line or, something similar to inidcate it was off limits. Got her absolutely soaked. Flipped over, and she didn't waste any time, went straight for the cock. Actually does a fairly good job for a young chick, and didn't rush the HJ at all, in fact, she seemed keen to prolong it. She would slow down when she sensed things were getting close to an end, then speed up again, sspent a good 20 minutes playing with teh fella.After the desired result, she cleaned me up, and I was out of there, back to the office - not a bad way to spend part of my lunch break.
I will probably return, I saw Karen on my way in, and she look hot, and I have seen their ads state discounts for regulars, so I may enquire about this.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 14th August 2012, 11:23 AM
Poster ID: jonjon0813
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Establishment and/or person's Name:Ivy

Contact Details/Address: Melbourne CBD 0431 453 554

Prices: $90 for half and hour, with hj

Age: Early 20

Size/shape: Tall, slim, very pretty

Nationality or Ethnicity: Chinese

Services: HJ only.

Value for money/recommend? Massage was average. I would consider this quite pricey.

Comments: Ivy opened the door, and I was stunned by her looks. She was a really hot, tall and slim. She led me into the room, and asked how long. I asked her if she did nude, but she said she never does nude, but can only provide hand job. I guess the previous poster had a different Ivy who did nude. Anyway, I decided to go with it, and stripped down. Her massage was nice, and kept brushing the little fella. She lubed it up and really stroked it well. She did allow touching over the clothes, but that was as close as I could get. 

WIR: Yes, provided its the same Ivy.


