Thread Title: Ivy - Brunswick - 0410 369 036
Floor: #1
Post Time: 10th December 2019, 03:03 PM
Poster ID: Like
Post Title: 
 Ivy - Brunswick - 0410 369 036
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Ivy

Establishment : Private apartment

Date of Visit : early Dec 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Usually on Locanto under username Ivy579, but can't locate it now

Phone : 0410369036

Hours of Business : Ad says M-F 11-7, S-S by appointment

Rates : Varies, I went for the PREMIUM NURU pack $200 for 45 minutes, but notice that the ad that is still on my phone no longer has this option

Age : 20's

Size/shape : Petite, short/medium height, smoking hot body

Nationality or Ethnicity : I would guess Thai but a long time Aussie resident I would say

Services Provided : wash, body slide, HJ

Value for money/recommend? : No / No

My experience/comments : The photos in her ad have her mobile number and are genuine. She's independent and appears to schedule her bookings back to back so you have to be there on time, in the door a bit late and out the door early. Good street parking further north in the side street. Starts with a shower where she will wash you but you can't touch her! WFT. I think she said that is not included in this package. I was thinking hold on, I paid for the top premium package but let it slide. Maybe confirm by text what is included and not. The shower is small and if you are too big you won't fit. The soapy shower was fun and she gave me a HJ from behind and a blew in the shower. Was going to try for a double blow this session. Dry off, on bed, bit of a massage then toweled down and then nuru gel stuff. Face down and flip. Body slide was ok has she is attractive and has great tits, but although the premium was supposed to include mutual oral and 69 she said not included. She then tried to rip my cock off with jackhammer. I said stop. Back in the shower as getting rid of the gel stuff takes a while. She does the cleaning and doesn't want you to help or touch her. Had to have another shower when I got home to get rid of the scent of the gel.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 10th December 2019, 03:22 PM
Poster ID: mikemelb
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
That is a shocker.  She use to be very good when she first started, now there are lots of rules.  There is another thread on her


