Thread Title: Jade - Dandenong North, VIC - 0412 044 168
Floor: #1
Post Time: 20th July 2015, 01:48 AM
Poster ID: Drizzt
Post Title: 
 Jade - Dandenong North, VIC - 0412 044 168
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jade

Establishment : Private residence

Date of Visit : 17th July 2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : http://vic.locanto.com.au/ID_4863942...s-massage.html

Hours of Business : 10am - 6pm

Rates : $50/30 minutes + $30 for HR and $50 for topless HR

Age : She advertises as late 30s but I would add 10 years to that as she mentioned her eldest son was 25

Size/shape : Size 12/14

Nationality or Ethnicity : European, possibly Italian 

Services Provided : relaxation and deep tissue massage with HR or topless HR

Value for money/recommend? : If I only needed some relief on the way home then maybe otherwise I'd pass for others

My experience/comments : 
I got another opportunity to have a punt so raced out of the city at 4.30pm to make the booking I'd made for 5.30pm knowing the Monash could go down south really quickly and I could miss my window.  Fortunately traffic was fine so arrived with a bit of time left and waited outside and texted her to announce I was waiting.  At 5.30 on the dot she texted to come in and I walked up a driveway and was let in and led to a room that was bare except for a couple of chairs, a cabinet with a lamp, portable heater and radio sitting on it and a massage table.  There's an ensuite attached through another door.  I handed over a pineapple and stripped down and lay face down on the table.  Now Jade is a lady of european origin who's got a bit of a gut around the middle.  She persona reminds me of a hairdresser.  She begins a reasonable oil massage on the back with no drifting to the crack or any sign anything else was on offer.  On the flip more oil massaging and she held on to my member and inquired if I was looking for anything else.  I asked what was on offer and she replied HR for $30 or topless HR for $50.  I opted for the topless as I could see she had a reasonable rack on her.  She dropped her bra and single straps and allowed touching and sucking on her nipples and rack while she commenced a slow tug first with one hand and then alternating to the other.  One thing that did annoy me a bit was that I rubbed her cat through the front of her leggings and rather than saying it was offlimits, she jammed my hand against her crotch and the side of the massage table so I couldn't rub her there.  She also leaned slightly away while still tugging and I wasn't able to reach her tits with the other hand.  She built me up and got me over the line and offered me a hot towel or a shower.  I opted for the shower as I was decently oily and she wiped down the table with some cleaner while I was showering.  All in all nothing too special and I'd only return if I was after some relief on the way home.  She does give a reasonable massage though and works with someone else who I might try and book with.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 20th July 2015, 02:38 PM
Poster ID: jadaya
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I think she used to work with Nancy in dandenong by the name Isabella or something!! haven't seen her for a year or ao


Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk


