Thread Title: Jade - Heathmont - 0474 058 051
Floor: #1
Post Time: 23rd December 2018, 12:34 PM
Poster ID: Pacificbrown
Post Title: 
 Jade - Heathmont - 0474 058 051
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jade

Establishment : Private Townhouse. Also Mobile

Date of Visit : Early November 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.gumtree.com.au/s-ad/heat...nt=app_android

Phone :0474058051

Hours of Business : after hours- doesnt work before 5pm from Mon - Thursday... prefers evenings 

Rates : 80/ hr 

Age : 35

Size/shape : Size 18. Large firm breasts with pierced nipples

Nationality or Ethnicity : Caucasian 

Services Provided : Massage , Sensual, Topless, Spanish.

Value for money/recommend? : Yes. Great lady, very accommodating.  $100 / hour all below included

Experience:
Booking Jade was easy through a couple of texts. She visits but also hosts in Heathmont. She has a regular day job so she prefers evening bookings and can do anytime Friday/ Saturday.
Arrived at her townhouse the massage room is upstairs. Very clean, fresh towels and aromatherapy candles, no odd smells and $5 Big W towels here.
Jade is a larger lady. Pleasant face. Her pic is on her gumtree poster detail. 
I asked for sensual and she said a 100 would cover it for an hour.
Massage was very nice. She has a great touch. On turning she started to pay attention to the tackle. I asked if i could touch her. She offered to take off her shirt. She had massive firm natural tits. Pierced nipples which were nice to massage. She gave a very nice slow hj and didnt neglect the kiwi fruit. She also did some spanish. She was at a great height so she wasnt bending over to get my cock between her tits ( OH & S matters)  Jade has been around the scene for awhile ( her words ) and has experienced the dark side of punters so is very appreciative of manners and respect. 
Great massage hj and spanish. Towel clean up which was adequate as oil use wasnt over the top and it wasa quality oil which had also absorbed into the skin.

Another recommended lady. $100 inclusive for the hour


