Thread Title: Jazz - North Fitzroy - 0481 238 729
Floor: #1
Post Time: 2nd January 2017, 01:36 PM
Poster ID: cl-dean
Post Title: 
 Jazz - North Fitzroy - 0481 238 729
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jazz

Establishment : Private residence

Date of Visit : 2/1/17

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : http://melbourne.backpage.com.au/Bod...eauty/26563312

Hours of Business : Seemingly 1100-2200

Rates : $120/30

Age : I would guess early 30s

Size/shape : 14 at a guess, with DD bust I would say. Lots of piercings: nose, ears, nipples, clit.

Nationality or Ethnicity : African-American

Services Provided : Sensual Massage

Value for money/recommend? : Perhaps. I won't rush back but would go back. Not great VFM, but not a rip off either.

My experience/comments : 

Happy New Year, fellow mongers.

Working on a public holiday -- there had to be some benefit. I was browsing online and saw Jazz's add on backpage. Contacted her, and quickly made a time which suited when I would be passing through the area. The instructions on how to get there were a little ambiguous, but quickly cleared up via text.

Jazz is a tall, hearty lady. Photos are genuine. Was shown into an incredibly dark room that even Gollum would struggle to move around in but as I moved to the bed, the lights there provided sufficient light to see. We both got undressed -- a wonderful Amazonian body (her, not me)! 

The massage was in two parts. First ten minutes were a completely ineffectual pouring of oil onto my legs and bum with some gentle hand wafting. Pleasant enough, but neither a massage nor sensual. Then it moved into body slides front and back, some LFK and plenty of pussy play on my part. Licking her nipples got her turned on and things were great, but with the quantity of oil used her HJ wasn't doing anything for me at all. I ended up finishing myself off with Jazz whispering in my ear how she'd like me to ram her from behind while she was frigging herself.

Extras on offer include oral (CBJ) for $50, DATY for $50, or both for $70, as well as prostate massage (price unspecified, not my thing).

I loved Jazz's attitude, and certainly the novelty of a non Asian RnT was great. Body slides, some genuine kissing and nice dirty play and talk. But frankly for $120 I can get FS elsewhere. That, combined with the copious amount of oil used (two showers so far (one at hers and one at work) and it's still not all off) means that whilst Jazz is an attractive offering, there are a couple of negatives. I will return, but not immediately.

Dean

PS I've re-read this review, and feel that it probably doesn't do Jazz justice. For some reason, the oil thing annoyed me at some kind of subconscious level. I'd rate her body as 8/10, massage as 3/10, and her sensual play as 8/10. The place is clean, has a shower, and as noted Jazz has a superb attitude.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 4th January 2017, 05:11 PM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Welcome to a new punting year dean.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 4th January 2017, 05:32 PM
Poster ID: cl-dean
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks brauninc


