Thread Title: Jeni - Point Cook - 0451 939 668
Floor: #1
Post Time: 15th July 2018, 12:07 AM
Poster ID: chsingh
Post Title: 
 Jeni - Point Cook - 0451 939 668
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jeni


Establishment : Private Home


Date of Visit : June 2018


Contact Details/Address/Weblink: 0451939668.   




Hours of Business : not sure


Rates : $50 for 30 min


Age : ~40


Size/shape : few extra pounds


Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese


Services Provided : Massage and clothed handjob


Value for money/recommend? : Super


My experience/comments : 

Found her advertisement on locanto and I was in the area so thought about giving her a try.

Contacting her was super easy. Booked a time and showed up at her house. She operates from a private house in a newly established housing and there is plenty of parking space available.

On said date, reached the place and she guided me into the room. Exchanged the cash and was on the table facing down. Her massage technique is quite good and she really works hard and applies the correct pressure. She literally knows what she is doing. She spent around 20 minutes working on my back and then asked me to turn around.

Facing up, she give little massage on chest, legs and then grabbed my cock and smiled like a mean women and said, nice huh. I was thinking that now she will ask for extra and I was preparing myself to negotiate her down to $20 as I was not willing to pay $30+ (which is quite norm in this area). Without asking anything, she immediately applied some oil and begun giving it a nice tug. Her hands are soft and quite strong. Her HJ technique is pretty text book, nothing exciting, just plain old rubbing the shaft and massaging the balls. After little massage, she put a tissue paper on my pubes and begun massaging shaft aggressively. I came gracefully and she sqeezed every drop out of me on the tissue paper.

Cleaned me with another towel and I was out in about 30 minutes. She is not a clock watcher and maintains good eye contact, I guess considering her age and experience, she has a good sense of time.

Would I go back to her? Probably yes. Going to her is like masterbation - quick, easy and low cost (though $50 is not that low).


