Thread Title: Jenny - Tarneit - 0404 560 925
Floor: #1
Post Time: 10th February 2019, 07:29 PM
Poster ID: Jersybull
Post Title: 
 Jenny - Tarneit - 0404 560 925
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jenny

Establishment : House in Tarneit

Date of Visit : 5 January 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Phone 0404560925, You will be given the address when you book.

Hours of Business : Jenny is available Saturdays and Mondays only, not sure of hours but open 7 days a week.

Rates : $100 F/S $80 nude massage and handjob

Age : 40s???

Size/shape : About 170cm, curvy

Nationality or Ethnicity : Malaysian

Services Provided : I took the Nude Massage and handjob option for $80.

Value for money/recommend? : YES

My experience/comments : Decided to try out this Malaysian girl who I had recommended to me by a mamasan some time ago when I was chatting with her on wechat. Advised Jenny works Monday and Saturdays only.
She kept coming up on Locanto and I had seen at least 1 review on here which suggested she may be worth the extra travel to see what the fuss was about, and in the end I am glad I did.
I arranged a booking and was given an address in Tarneit, and it took me about 50 minutes to get there and find it, easy enough to find, located in a residential area. Sent a text when I got there, and was asked to wait 10 minutes as she was busy. Sat in the car for about 10 minutes, then approached and knocked on the door, answered by the girl I assumed was Jenny, later confirmed.
She asked me to follow her into a bedroom, set up for massage services. There was a middle age man who entered the kitchen as we walked through with a kettle getting some water not sure if this was to show me Jenny was not alone in the house, maybe it is his house, fucked if I know. I just said hello and followed Jenny into the bedroom.
Jenny is easy on the eye, carrying a little bit of weight some may say but I had no problem with it, certainly not overweight. Said she was 35?????? From Malaysia.
Full sex was quoted as $100, told her I only wanted the nude massage and hand job option, she quoted me $80. At first I thought about it as I had been advised previously that was $70 but as I had driven so far decided I would go for it.
I wanted to see what her massage technique was like so rather than ask foir the straight nude HJ so I jumped up on the table facedown and she started her massage, thought I may as well get my $80 worth. Her massage was reasonably good and after about 15 minutes she started the sensual stuff, and she did a magnificent job with that. Raised the body to give her better access and she did a fantastic sensual massage of the old fella, nuts and crack.
Turned over and she applied some oil and gave me a nice slow sensual HJ, fantastic effort on her part, and I eventually came, she cleaned me up and I was out of there.
WIR? I would as Jenny was a very pleasant friendly girl and provided a top service exactly how I like it, but the distance is against me so time will tell.
She advertises on Locanto, just search Massage in personals - Tarneit in the location field. I am overseas at present and cannot get Locanto to open, but as soon as I can I will add a link to the review.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 10th February 2019, 09:56 PM
Poster ID: Jersybull
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Link for Jenny - https://melbourne.locanto.com.au/ID_...n-Tarneit.html


