Thread Title: Jessica - Collingwood - 0479 194 394
Floor: #1
Post Time: 12th March 2013, 10:53 AM
Poster ID: kazuya
Post Title: 
 Jessica - Collingwood - 0479 194 394
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name:Jessica

Establishment :Private

Date of Visit: 11 March 2012

Contact Details/Address/Weblink:0479194394, 0479 194 394 Locanto http://http://melbourne.locanto.com....old-BUSTY.html


Hours of Business: Not sure

Rates:$60/ hr ( $30 Hj + $50 topless)

Age:early 20s

Size/shape: XXXL

Nationality or Ethnicity:Indian

Services Provided:very bad rnt

Value for money/recommend?:NOPE, AVOID

My experience/comments:

Had busy morning and had little bit time off so decided to give this one a shot after seeing it on locanto! I arrived on the place and was greeted by very very fat girl Jessica! I really wanted to walk back, but I thought it was too late! She ushered me into the room! I booked for one hour but I was 10 min late! She said she had another booking at 6 so she could massage me for 45 min! She asked me if I wanted any extra, I inquired about them and she mentioned the prices and said that I had to pay for the extras now! I really didn't want to see her topless so chose only HJ and she seemed annoyed for that! There nothing in her that was worth for me to look at! Anyways, she started massage! Way too much oil and way too fast! By the way she give a bit of a pressure, but she doesn't know any massage techniques! She was massaging my shoulder at one than next moment at my feet, next moment between my legs, not even a second there and back to my shoulders! She asked me twice where I work and I was too tired and hot to make any conversation! She was rubbing between my inner thighs and was asking me about my work!  ( ??) She asked me that second time! And I answered again! She said sorry and said that she wanted to make conversation! Well, she was making a conversations, an awkward one!  She couldn't get me hard! Occasionally grabbing my ball! Sometimes too hard that  it became painful! Wanted to cancel HJ as well after that but than she asked me to flip! again she couldn't get me hard on the flip! No sense of sensuality, very very fast! First time I asked someone to slow down! Than she started HJ! One of the worst HJ I have received so far! She doesn't know how to touch and give a tug! Grabbing my balls too hard, making it painful and than giving me really bad HJ!  I could done it myself! Ever had HJ which hurts even after 2 hours? Finished in just little less than 30 min and asked me if I wanted a shower! I asked for wet towel to wipe me off! She came in with the bucket and towel! Just wiped front , not very well, gave me the towel said I could finish wiping myself off and left! I was so appointed by this whole experience, I wanted to leave immediately! 

WIR: No fucking way! Could have gone to Holiday for the same money with 2 girl for one hour and than could have done it on my own! Could have gone to 'The Duchess' on Duke St, just down the road! Could have had smoking hot Korean Wendy there giving me awesome massage and fantastic tug for the same fucking money! Save your hard earned cash guys! Lots of far far better options and services available around! Peace out!


Floor: #2
Post Time: 12th March 2013, 01:07 PM
Poster ID: ThePuntsman
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Poor bugger! 

Seems like there is an influx of massage ladies/parlours out there now, which are only driven by the $$$. Not only are they charging top dollar, but provide a piss poor service. Generally you either get a good massage/bad extras, or vice versa. This you can live with, as you can plan your visiting on what it is you are in the mood for. But it's very disappointing when they can't even excel at one!! But as long as there are dudes out there that keep visiting these people, they will continue along their sub standard ways. The ball's in our court on this one fellas!!

Sorry to hear about your bad experience, but cheers for the heads up. Jessica is now on the shit list!


