Thread Title: Joy and Bliss - Melbourne (Touring) - 0419 038 310
Floor: #1
Post Time: 31st October 2012, 05:26 PM
Poster ID: chubsy
Post Title: 
 Joy and Bliss - Melbourne (Touring) - 0419 038 310
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Ally

Establishment : Melbourne CBD in a serviced apartment

Date of Visit : July 2012

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : www.mytantramassage.com.au

Hours of Business : 

Rates : $180

Age : over 40

Size/shape : Curvy

Nationality or Ethnicity : caucasian

Services Provided : Tantric massage

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : After reading the reviews posted on Ally and readingthrough her website my curiosity got the better of me and I thought I wouldmake some enquiries. After sending a couple of texts with quick responses and aquick call we booked the time to meet up. Admittedly I wasn't sure what toexpect so I made my way into the city find parking reallyeasily and make my way to see Ally. Once I wasinside she invited me to sit down and have a chat on what I wanted to achievefrom the session. She is very easy to chat to and made me feel verycomfortable. After a 5 - 10 min chat she invites me to strip off and get on thetable. There Ally talks me through breathingtechniques and muscle control all while massaging me. Initially I was skeptical about the whole breathing thing but itworked for me. Initially I was simply enjoyingthe massage and breathing but when she told me to flip over that's when I really started to enjoy myself. Alot of nipple play forboth of us and plenty of rubbing and massaging of little chubsy. Needless tostay i had one of the biggest orgasms I have ever had that kept going andgoing.

The massage and service I got was pretty overall.The only thing I'm a little suss about was on a couple of occasions she wentstiff and trembled like she was having an orgasm not sure how legit that was.She is visitingMelbourne again in a couple of weeks, so i'm looking forward to another visit.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 2nd November 2012, 02:54 PM
Poster ID: iceman
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
was she nude for this session, as it is expensive for the trill.....


Floor: #3
Post Time: 2nd November 2012, 03:06 PM
Poster ID: Chalk010
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
From her website:

6. Am I naked? Nude?

In my Tantra Pleasure Experience I want to pleasure your whole body, so it is best that You are naked. However, it is entirely up to you and your level of comfort. I am very comfortable with your nudity. I am topless


