Thread Title: Judy - Box Hill - 0431 086 160
Floor: #1
Post Time: 2nd September 2018, 05:12 PM
Poster ID: sribrah
Post Title: 
 Judy - Box Hill - 0431 086 160
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Judy

Establishment : Apartment private

Date of Visit : 2nd Sept 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://melbourne.locanto.com.au/ID_...-Box-Hill.html 

Phone : 0431086160.

Hours of Business : No idea

Rates : $70 per hour (+extras) 

Age : Claimed 29 but was 35-40 in person

Size/shape : Average, not too slim. Good body

Nationality or Ethnicity : Taiwan 

Services Provided : Massage, massage exchange, DATY, HR , shower afterwards 

Value for money/recommend? : Yeah

My experience/comments : 

So this was the first time I was able to book Judy after trying many months . On some days she was not available and on some days I was too busy to make it.

Texted her today and she gave me her address, just 7 mins away. Quick drive, arrived there and she texted me her apartment number. Came up and she was there behind the door.

At first I wanted to turn around and leave as she looked a lot different than the photos she sent me  , but her photos were not clear so I assumed that it was her maybe 5 years ago. She looked older in person , mid 30s. 

We agreed $120 for a massage exchange with HR.  Paid the cash and she stripped down and kept her underwear on. I asked her if I can take it off and she was fine with it so I pulled it off. 

I stripped down as well just so I felt more comfortable. Took a lot of oil, soaked her up and started massaging her back, legs and moving on to her bubble butt at the end. 

Her face is a 3/10 but the body is somewhere around 7/10 , what she lacks in facial appearance makes up for it in her body. 

After 15 mins or so I asked her to flip and continued massaging her. A relaxation + lomi mix with a bit of sensual touching here and there. I gave her a breast massage which she didn't seem to mind , i took it as a hint that more could be on offer as she had her eyes closed and was enjoying what was going on. I moved down to her trimmed pussy, running my fingers around it. I went YOLO and started oral on her, she starts to moan and soon I realized I will have no time left to get my own massage. 

"You massage me now? "
"Ok"

She takes her time to wipe off all the oil I used on her. I laid on my back and closed my eyes and what happened was unexpected. She ran her fingers over my sack and legs for 15- 20mins without touching lil john down there until she finally started giving me an amazing, slow, sensual HJ. I expected her to go jackhammer but she kept edging me on and on until I blew a massive load. This girl got some amazing HR skills. 

She offered me a shower which I accepted to get rid of the oil. Overall a great session which only lasted 45 mins of the 1 hour i paid for but whaatever. great service. If you want to book her I'd advice to go for 45 mins as 1 hour may be too long and you may be paying for just 45 mins out of a 1 hour session. (Seriously there's nothing to do for 1 whole hour)


Floor: #2
Post Time: 2nd September 2018, 06:00 PM
Poster ID: pancho
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by sribrah


I stripped down as well just so I felt more comfortable
"""
 


Oh of course.


