Thread Title: Jules - Essendon - 0478 137 720
Floor: #1
Post Time: 24th August 2018, 04:27 PM
Poster ID: rapture
Post Title: 
 Jules - Essendon - 0478 137 720
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jules

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : July 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Link not available at this stage

Phone : 0478737720

Hours of Business : 9am - 6pm

Rates : $170

Age : $40ish

Size/shape : Nice Curvy 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Caucasian

Services Provided : Sensual Massage

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : I've read a few reviews on Jules and seen her ads for a while, but haven't had the chance to organise an appointment. Finally had a bit of free time and thought why not and flicked a text to Jules. Our stars must have been aligned because she was available at the requested time. As with anybody that is seeing her for the first time, she directed me to a nearby street to park and call her for her unit number. I parked in the side street that was practically empty and called her. She sounded really nice on the phone. Once I got the number I walked into this old unit block that is well maintained. As I got to the door, Jules opened it before I got a chance to knock. She welcomed me into her unit which is very clean and I'm was pleasantly surprised on how attractive she is. We had a bit of a chat which helped me get over my initial jitters and then asked me to have a quick shower before we start. Wash up and into her massage room which nicely set up dim lighting music etc. Jules came in took off her robe standing in front of me naked. As I said earlier, I think Jules is a very attractive, with a nice body and the best shaped perky tits. The massage starts on my back, this is a nice relaxing massage not really sensual. While Jules is massaging me we are chatting about her past life and bits and pieces which was nice. Then time for the flip, massage my legs and shoulder and of course mini me. This felt awesome. Being the gentleman I am, I asked if it was ok to touch her which she replied that touching would complete the picture. Needless to say I went straight to her boobs and arse. I didn't last much longer after that and came. The only slight let down was that as soon as I came, she stopped the tug. I prefer the ML to keep going for a bit longer, but not a biggy. Jules cleaned me up and told me to relax while she takes a shower. When she finished I jumped in cleaned up and got dressed. We had another chat and I was on my way. Although Caucasian ladies are a little on the pricey side, I still prefer them as I think in general they tend to come off more genuine and seem to enjoy their work more. This is only my opinion. Back to Jules, next time I'm free and in the area I definitely be going back.


