Thread Title: Jules - Essendon - SMS  0478 137 720
Floor: #1
Post Time: 18th November 2016, 08:02 AM
Poster ID: Small Bane
Post Title: 
 Jules - Essendon - SMS  0478 137 720
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jules

Establishment : Private Unit

Date of Visit : Nov 17

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Attractive Aussie Woman - Very Sensual Massage - Melbourne body rubs - backpage.com

Hours of Business : Day time - night time by special request

Rates : $120/30mins

Age : mid 40s

Size/shape : Curvy c/d boobs - not effected by gravity 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : Nude sensual massage, play/suck boobs, play down under, fantastic tug

Value for money/recommend? : Yes/Yes

My experience/comments :Saw Jules ad in BP. Followed instructions and sent detailed sms of what I was after – sensual nude massage sucking of boobs genital play followed by tug. Received a fairly prompt reply ; price of $120 for 30 minutes. I suggested a time  she told me to park in a nearby street as there is no parking in her street. Once at the rendezvous spot she texted the flat number and off I went.
Jules operates out of a very clean and well maintained flat close to the rail tracks between Essendon & Glenbervie Stations. She greeted me cheerfully & asked me in. Picture in BP obviously genuine. Shower followed & then directed into the massage room. Face down first  off she went with plenty of sensual stroking + rubbing her ample boobs over my back while I ran my hands up her legs. Flip was within less than 10 minutes ad boobs straight into my mouth plus access to all areas below. A very enjoyable time ensued until she made me climax in a wonderful way.
Jules only works a few days a week, has a very pleasant nature and is a good conversationalist. She would be mid 40s .. everything squares up with the BP ad. If you’re after a young dolly bird don’t come here.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 19th November 2016, 10:54 AM
Poster ID: Tripod
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Excuse my ignorance, but what is "amp"?


Floor: #3
Post Time: 19th November 2016, 11:24 AM
Poster ID: nextlif
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by Tripod


Excuse my ignorance, but what is "amp"
"""



There was some errant html code included in the review which has now been removed.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 5th July 2017, 10:47 AM
Poster ID: Berlingo87
Post Title: 
 Jewels 0478137720
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jewels 

Establishment : Private massage Essendon

Date of Visit : 04/07/17

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0478137720 http://m.locanto.com.au/melbourne/ID...IAN-Woman.html

Hours of Business : 8-6 Monday to Friday 

Rates : $200p hour 

Age : 30s

Size/shape : slime 8-10

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian 

Services Provided : massage hand relief

Value for money/recommend? : yes

My experience/comments :
Booked Jewles for a 1 hour massage. She was really friendly during the phone call to make the booking.
we to the address she supplied me with, nice little unit. Had a shower before and after massage. 
We went into the massage room to start the massage, she is naked during he massage nice body with good size boobs. She allowed touching all over but no inserting. 
Massage was really nice and enjoyable, loved feeling her nipples all over me. 
she does a good job with massaging the tackle from behind, on the flip she teases and tugs me until I came all over her tits. Left a mess which was a good sight! 
She is defiantly worth the money. 10/10 
will be going back for more! 
doubt anything else is available just a good tug.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 4th January 2018, 10:26 PM
Poster ID: antares01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jules

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : December 2017

Weblink : http://melbourne.locanto.com.au/ID_1...IAN-Woman.html

Phone : 0478 137 720

Location : Private residence Essendon

Hours of Business : 8am to 6pm Mon to Fri

Rates : $130/170/200 for 30/45/60 min

Age : 40's

Size/shape : Guessing at size 10, D cup, shaved

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : Nude RnT

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : 

The above Locanto link shows an expired advertisement.  This is due to Jules being on holiday - back 2nd week of January.

I have visited Jules on a number of occasions and she provides a very consistent service.

I set up the appointment a couple of days ahead via SMS.  There is no parking at the front of her residence and for your first session with her, she will probably SMS a suggested street for parking. On arrival, hug and a kiss, offer of a drink of water then into the shower which I have always found sparkling clean .  Jules always asks me to leave my clothes in the bathroom when I have finished showering.  Coming out of the bathroom, Jules is waiting for me dressed as per the photo in her Locanto advertisement - very nice.  Her massage table is set up in what would normally be the second bedroom, onto the massage table, Jules sheds her remaining article of clothing, slowly and smoothly applies some warm oil and commences a nice general massage.  Jules has years of experience as a professional masseuse is various salons and cruise ships and this experience shows in her massage techniques.  Quite early in the massage, Jules ramps up the sensual component with bum crack attention, reach through TT and body sliding  - top half only with her feet remaining on the floor. At the half way point both of us are covered in oil and little ant is well at attention.  

Roll over and Jules does a very comprehensive and at the same time sensual front massage from feet to neck with plenty of attention to little ant on the way.  Jules does a very nice HJ,  she mixes up the strokes and is not in any rush to get finished.  Jules is happy with respectful touching and her breasts and nipples are quite responsive.  We had a bit of spare time at the end and Jules gave me a lovely neck/head/face massage to finish.  Jules then covers me with a towel and leaves me lying on the table while she has a quick shower.  Once Jules has finished, she then directs me to the shower which unfortunately is a bit too small to shower together .  Out of the shower and have a bit of a chat through the bathroom door while getting dressed, glass of water, hug and a kiss and then out into the wide world on about the 70 min mark.

Summary:
Whilst not the cheapest around, for the $, Jules offers a private location, shower before and after, and full nude session.I have found Jules very reliable and consistent with her service nd she is not a clock watcher.She ilimits the number of sessions per week and is not keen on working after hours or weekends.Parking is a bit limiting and depending on time of day you may need to park 5-10 min walk away.Jules is a skilled masseuse and responds positively if you get into the massage as opposed to being there just for the HJ.For me she offers value for money as I appreciate a quality massage as well as the HJ.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 25th March 2018, 02:23 PM
Poster ID: cl-dean
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jules

Establishment : Private Apartment

Date of Visit : February 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0478 137 720

Location : Inner north west

Hours of Business : 8am to 6pm Mon to Fri

Rates : $200/60mins

Age : 40s, but looks after herself, so she's in good nick.

Size/shape : D-cups, nice legs

Nationality or Ethnicity : Caucasian

Services Provided : Nude massage

Value for money/recommend? : Yes, although possibly a bit on the pricey side

My experience/comments : 

After having read some of the reviews above, I made a time with Jules, only to have to cancel it at short notice due to a dead car! Jules was extremely accommodating about this, and I was able to reconvene with her a week later. 

Her photos are accurate, and she is (to my mind at least) extremely attractive. She has a solid build, with excellent legs (not sticks, but good womanly solid legs), and a great set of fun bags.

I would likely pay good $ for FS with her, but that is absolutely off the menu. She is a qualified masseuse, so I got an excellent massage from her, and some superb teasing and a great sensual massage towards the end, with an excellent HJ to finish.

I ended up having 70 minutes with her, excluding shower time, so definitely not a clock watcher, and she uses high quality water based oils that wash off easily. She is an excellent conversationalist, and the 70 minutes flew!

I can heartily recommend. Due to the price, she won't be a regular for me, more likely someone I treat myself to 2-3 times a year. Well worth visiting at least once if you are in Melbourne.

Dean.


