Thread Title: Kathy - Southbank, VIC - 0430 885 355
Floor: #1
Post Time: 20th October 2016, 09:25 AM
Poster ID: Versus2me
Post Title: 
 Kathy - Southbank, VIC - 0430 885 355
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Kathy

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 12 Oct 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : http://m.locanto.com.au/melbourne/ID...sian-Babe.html

Hours of Business : 1100-2200 Mon-Sat

Rates : $200 Per Hour not incl. Extras

Age : Early 30s

Size/shape : Size 6 Petite

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Massage, HJ, BBBJ, DATY

Value for money/recommend? : Not Really 6.5/10

My experience/comments : 

TLDR: Kathy takes a bit to warm up to you, very clean apartment, average massage, cute body but pricey for what you get. 

I had finished with all my appointments that afternoon and wasn't feeling crash. Normally I look up a place online in Sydney with ease but Melbourne seems a little more closeted. I was told Locanto was a good bet so I basically picked the closest one to me (at the time I was in Southbank).

Kathy sent me a preformatted message with the rates and what was on offer (it was an extra 30 for DATY and 50 for BBBJ). I thought, fuck it I don't feel like going further and so I bit the bullet and with much anticipation accepted the offer and told her I was 20 mins away. She sent me a picture of what she said was her body. After seeing her I am not so sure that is her, not that Kathy isn't attractive.

Entry into her apartment is complex, she sent me instructions that I got wrong the first time and left me stuck in the elevator (follow those instructions to the letter)

Her apartment is a bit spartan but very clean with fresh towels, a great shower (felt like I needed one anyway) and complementary toiletries. 

After taking a shower I headed over to the bedroom and lay face down on the bed while Kathy took off her clothes. I would have given her maybe a 6-7 out of 10. Not unattractice, she was petite all around, maybe my expecations were a bit too high from her previously sent picture.

The massage was average. Relaxing but not remedial in any way. I flipped over and she started rubbing my legs with her pussy before she started sliding her breasts over my friend downstairs, this was the best part of the massage. I asked if I could eat her out (we had talked a bit and I found out she was a culinary student, so this was a bit of a pun) she stopped and told me it was an extra 30, which was a bit jarring but anyway I agreed so she turned around and immediately straddled my face. We probably spent another 20 minutes in a sort of 69 position, while she was giving me a lovely HJ. After I blew my load I continued to work on her for another 5-10 minutes before she came as well. 

We cleaned up with a hot towel rub and she gave me a nice head massage to finish.

Kathy wasn't too strict with her time and after a shower we had a chat about Thailand and food before a kiss on the cheek goodbye.

Definitely a positive experience. Would I do it again for the price? Probably not.


