Thread Title: Katrinas Massage - South Yarra - 0403 699 767
Floor: #1
Post Time: 30th April 2013, 07:49 PM
Poster ID: BiggusDickus
Post Title: 
 Katrinas Massage - South Yarra - 0403 699 767
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Katrina

Establishment : Private Residence Unit Tower Block

Date of Visit : April 2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Katrinas Remedial and Relaxation Massage Therapy

Hours of Business : By appointment only see website

Rates : $80 per hour plus $30 to $40 for hj

Age : Around 50

Size/shape : BBW Large lower half 20+ top Size 16 D cups

Nationality or Ethnicity : Eastern European USSR Ubekistan?

Services Provided : Sensual massage and HJ 

Value for money/recommend? : Maybe (but for me not really) but for those wanting a decent massage good pressure and an above average handy yes. 

My experience/comments : First thing to say is when filling this bit out whilst using Review template (DON'T forget to delete the words in brackets then supply a decent description of the action) to leave the template in is just plain being lazy!

Now as for Katrina she is a lady with a pretty face warm greeting in a State housing Commision/Dept unit in nosebleed level. Wearing a lacey low cut top and leggings.
Massage room well set up with Diplomas on display warm table warm room. Asks what sort of massage you like. This is where the haggle happens.
Told $80 for the hour sensual on the phone. Turns out for the sensual hour she wants $120 with the hj. Compromise 45 minutes is $100 probably less for 30 mins but that means a wasted trip so agree on price and undress onto table.

massage begins
 Pressure good not too hard not soft. Hands wander over small of back first 5 minutes and I think oh boring but then she moved onto doing upper back and then legs.Uses plenty of oil but no shower so be aware of this. She moves towel to access the inner glutes and inguinals just avoiding the scrotesac but gently brushing it. I know what is coming so the problem is not whether but when. She really gives the legs some good work and then starts the tackle tease. Tells me turn around when you  are ready. I take my time wanting to savour the sensual part for longer. Flip and then starts to massage the chest doing the face then stomach, then abs and moving down to the shins and the feet. Really great on the feet. Then she works the tackle with a two handed tug with good technique.
After 10 minutes I explode. She calls the bomb squad and then has to call them back as she realises it is just jiz on the juice and needs a towel not a dog to detect and cleanup. 
All in all not a bad punt but probably won't return as ther are others to see and tick off.

WIR would I return Yes but I would sort out the money on the phone before entering the massage zone! Zone is dangerous to enter if you are horny and not too fussy. It has its own magnetic pull enough to delude you into thinking oh its only another $20 30 40 or 50 dollars I am here why not? 
I normally have a backup plan and walk if the money agreed on changes out of principle. This is a reasonable masseuse who may appeal to some who like a mature punt. She is a BBW with a firm hand. Not something I would approach with anything else in mind. Ticked off.

Biggus.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 1st May 2013, 10:41 AM
Poster ID: chubsy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks Biggus does she strip off


Floor: #3
Post Time: 1st May 2013, 03:45 PM
Poster ID: BiggusDickus
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Well No. The above description is accurate. I didn't ask her and she didn't offer. I wouldn't go there as the leggings suggest it might spill out and she is a BBW. 
But hey if that is your thing then it wouldn't hurt to ask. I didn't because after reaching the unit I wasn't expecting her to put the price up on what was an already agreed price.
I guess she probably wouldn't do a full strip. Topless maybe. I wouldn't pay more. I think she might be an opportunist so it wouldn't hurt to ask.

Biggus


Floor: #4
Post Time: 12th May 2013, 11:24 PM
Poster ID: kidrotten
Post Title: 
 Dominating Polish Kat's Massage
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Katrina

Establishment : Kat's Massage

Mob: 0403 699 767
eyurha@msn.com
www.katrinasmassage.com 
Malvern Road
South Yarra, Melbourne, Australia

Date of Visit : 10/05/13

Rates : only had S100 note... no change???

Age : Older woman 42ish or more..

Size/shape : D or DD cup, Curvy

Nationality or Ethnicity : Polish or somewhere close

services Provided : Massage / HJ

Value for money/recommend? : 50/50

My experience/comments

I had heard of her for a while and my ex is Polish had seen her ad on some other sites so decided to take a punt.

Booked in a afternoon visit also she is just in the next suburb which was so close.

Massage place is hear of Chapel St and Malvern, Road.

Katrina answered the door and a 18yo guy dude was just leaving.... He has a smile on his face. Her Polish/English accented gave me a boner
straight away. She was cold like my ex and said you pay l hour $80 cash massage, extra make happy more....

The massage was ok. Katrina was a bit to quiet and distant for my liking but kept on saying... you like, good in a bossy dominating tone.

I was hard as a rock so I turned over and Katrina's hands and oil jumped on my dick!!!! She certainly liked to be a cold bitch and made slutty fake sounds.

I always try and see what I can get away with and act like they are doing a bad job so after a while of the HJ she undid her top and let her D
cups free, she kept on saying you come soon as not much time left.... I say take off pants and I might come... I finally got her in her undies with outside playing.

Katrina reminded me off an older version of my ex and had let herself go a bit. Not sure if I'd be back but brought back memories of my ex
You can find her on gumtree and lorenzo under massage


Floor: #5
Post Time: 30th July 2013, 12:48 AM
Poster ID: Papa smurf
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Katrina

Establishment : Katrinas Massage 

Date of Visit : 7/7/13

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0403 699 767

Hours of Business : by appt.

Rates : 80

Age : 43 (she told me but closer to 50)

Size/shape : 14 -16 dds

Nationality or Ethnicity : Russian

Services Provided : massage +

Value for money/recommend? :  Not really.

Found on Gumtree.  Called and made booking for later on in the evening. She sounded quite pleasant in the phone so thought that I just might be in luck . Got to her flat and is tastefully set up. Said was 80 for massage & 20 for her special.  Got stripped off and got on to a very comfy table. She came back in and began a very nice massage, all the while telling me how goid looking I was and how well I look after myself. Bit more chit chat abd for the next 30 mins begins uo tell me her life story and how her ex fleeced her blah blah blah. She then starts going lower and begins on my butt and the occasional slide between my legs. Struggled to get into. Asks me to turn over and some balls play.  Oils up little smurf and a very mechanical and finish. 2nd attempt at trying to get a decent ' massage' and 2 dissappointments. Hence my becoming a member!!!! There's a little for me to learn I guess.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 30th July 2013, 01:54 AM
Poster ID: BiggusDickus
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Kat is an odd lady who has all the right certificates and knows her market well. those desperate enough to grace her table for a second time need to look on the Vic threads for better options. As reviewed now by a few and possibly seen by many more who can't be bothered reviewing her lazy laid back style.
Upon reflection she is not VFM. She certainly looks better with the clothes left on. 
Some guys just have to challenge common sense and for reasons known only to themselves try and remove the tent that took some time to wrap around the body therapist.

I prefer to leave such things alone. Discretion is best served with a side of common sense and dignity.

Now there are plenty of better therapists offering better massage for less money and more options. Kat is a one trick pony but of course I think you should experience her at least once so you can view other punts in perspective.
Here is a little of her offering:-

Reiki is a Japanese word meaning cosmic or universal lifeforce. Healing means restoring harmony to mind, body and spirit. By using gentle touch, the energy in your body will be balanced, thereby creating healing

Reiki healing means restoring harmony to the mind, body and spirit. By using gentle touch, the energy in your body will be balanced, thereby creating healing. 

 It can help you:
 Better sleep
 Reduce high blood pressure
 Relieve asthma
 Relieve migraine stress
 Relieve pain and
 accelerates healing of wounds, injuries and infections

Reiki also helps prevent development of disease and much more...


Now it is obvious that Relief is really on the menu.

A masseuse to see once but only if you aren't afraid of heights or junkies in the building. Or being robbed and thrown from the building by junkies!

Kat can assist here by relieving you of certain things like excess semen and excess money. If you are robbed on the return journey by junkies the laugh is on them! just don't forget to pack a shute. 




Biggus.


