Thread Title: Kava - Balwyn - 0404 830 070
Floor: #1
Post Time: 2nd June 2020, 09:46 PM
Poster ID: SilkyEucalypt
Post Title: 
 Kava - Balwyn - 0404 830 070
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Kava


Establishment : Private Apartment



Date of Visit : June 2020



Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Whitehorse Rd Balwyn



Phone : 0404830070



Hours of Business : 11:00 am  - 2:00 am



Rates : $150 30 min  $200 hour



Age : 30's



Size/shape : Medium C+ cup



Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese



Services Provided : Happy end nude massage (with some clothes on)



Value for money/recommend? : Not value for money



My experience/comments :Quite a bit of fiddling around with the booking 15 or more texts either way. Said I had arrived, Kava replied so what time? I replied now. She replied come up. There must be 20 units in the block (Kava is on the ground floor, so I don't know what the come up meant). New unit block, her apartment was clean and tidy, room quite small, bed took up 90% of her room. Went in to the bed room. Kava asked for the 3 pineapples for massage and HJ. Talked her down to 2 pineapples ofr the half hour booking.  Kava asked me to strip down, she was wearing track pants and a bra. Bed did not look changed from previous customers, so I was a little tentative. She went on all fours sideways on the bed. then pushed her butt in my direction. A little doggy style jocks to trackies. She then spun around pulled off my jocks grabbed an arm than pulled me on the bed. She firmly pushed me on my back, then sat on my chest then tugged away after a big slush of oil, some relief as I realised the dampness on the bed was probably just oil (I would like to think so any way). Strange tugging action, like milking a cow, no pressure on the down ward thumb and finger squeeze on the upward motion. I took the bra off, she didn't mind some boob play, nipples went erect, I am pretty gentle in that department. She did not allow any lip contact by me anywhere. She spun around a couple of times. When she was facing me her long silken hair covered her face and boobs. She said come on cum - not an hour booking. Definitely not an unrushed service. Eventually the geyser exploded, she let out a big laugh then jumped off the bed. She gave me 1 tissue to mop up a decent load from my stomach. She had run off to the bath room used the toilet then was just cleaning herself up. I went in to the bathroom, asked if I could use the shower to which she said no. I went to grab a moist towel from the box, but again no. She pointed to the basin and said wash hand. While I was washing my hands she left, so I grabbed a couple of the moist towels to clean myself up. Went back into the room got dressed and said good bye. She replied good bye, no hug or peck on the cheek. I felt like it was a champagne price for a pot and parma service, which at best lasted for 20 min. Would not go back at that price. Kava was a pleasant enough lady, did not smile much was focussed on the work aspect of the encounter. English reading, listening and speaking were all poor. She loved to be in control of the situation, so tended not to respond to cues of what I liked. She generally will reply to texts promptly, however some of them seem to be standard replied from a bank of texts that someone else could have written.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 4th June 2020, 07:20 PM
Poster ID: fuzzyduck
Post Title: 
 Kava - Balwyn - 0404 830 070
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Kava

Establishment : private independent - apartment

Date of Visit : 23rd May

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 

Phone : 0404 830 070

Hours of Business : by appointment

Rates : Currently advertised at 30/85 60/150 120/300 (Locanto).  I paid 30/100 during lockdown. 

Age : claims 21 but probably mid-30s

Size/shape : petite, some curves, C cup, tattoo lower belly

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : massage

Value for money/recommend? :  average, 5/10, OK for first timers maybe[p;''''

My experience/comments : Good communication to find the place.  Relatively clean, modern apartment.  Massage was on double bed, not massage table.  Within seconds of walking into apartment she was touching me, smiling. Relatively OK looking woman, not amazing, but wore makeup which I do prefer.   She was wearing black bra and black leggings. Asked me to undress, while she also undressed.... a little bit of a wiggling and a cheeky smile as she removed her leggings.  

Face down to begin with, she crouched next to me.  Massage was very average as far as massages go, probably not actually ever trained to do massage per se.  Certainly not a decent Thai style massage.  Did do a bit of the kneeling on the back thing, but I've had much better.  On the flip it was straight down to hj, with the annoucement "OK now cock massage".  No build up, just a rather mechanical hj.  Offered "suck" for extra $50, but I declined.  Not pretty enough. 

 I held back for as long as possible, she seemed ever so slightly impatient, changing hands a couple of times.  Probably would be amazing if my first time with such things, but for my money I like the canapes before going straight to the hj dish.    Paid for 30 minutes but it was all over in 20 and then it was "OK thankyou darlingggg....." and I was happy to leave given the lack of spark in the experience.


