Thread Title: Lana - Southbank - 0477 903 881
Floor: #1
Post Time: 25th November 2019, 03:50 PM
Poster ID: nocturnalboy
Post Title: 
 Lana - Southbank - 0477 903 881
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lana

Establishment : Outcalls only

Date of Visit : 20 Nov 2109

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://melbourne.locanto.com.au/ID_...call-only.html

Phone : 0477 903 881

Hours of Business : All hours from what I can gather

Rates : $250.00 hr - non clock watching

Age : Early 20's

Size/shape : 6

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian Italian

Services Provided : Massage and HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Totally

My experience/comments : I was up and about - totally horny - but it was late. Didn't really feel like going out, and scrolling through Locanto I discovered this girls ad. She only does outcall and it seems she's available at all hours. After some texting she told me she was on her way. She brings high quality massage oil and is totally comfortable going to your place. 
The massage is nude for both - she has a lovely body - and I took the hour option. A great massage - I mean a GREAT massage. In fact she was massaging so well I thought she's a professional, and that's all it's going to be.
She makes really nice down to earth conversation and has a sweet smile.
After 20 minutes or so she is gently touching and stroking my cock - and it swells. The more it swells, the more she seems to like it too. Then the action subsides........ then she is back on to it. She really knows how to play with a cock.
On turning over, the massage continues, but there is not a lot of hesitation before her hands are sliding up and down in a soft motion. She doesn't want you to cum quickly.
My eyes are falling all over her body - and she will sit wherever you want her to. I got her to sit where I could play with her sweet tits and gorgeous nipples.
Then I asked to see her cunt - and before long I'm fingering her wet clit. No inside. Fair enough.
She knows how to make a man cum, and how to deal with him after that. Sublime.
She showers, gets dressed and she's off into the night. 
And I fall asleep - satisfied.
Highly recommended if you're in a position to host.


