Thread Title: Lara - Southbank - 0410 017 108
Floor: #1
Post Time: 16th August 2019, 09:28 AM
Poster ID: mph998
Post Title: 
 Lara - Southbank - 0410 017 108
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lara

Establishment : Private Clean Apartment in Southbank near Crown.

Date of Visit : 9 Aug 19

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 

https://melbourne.locanto.com.au/ID_...Y-MASSAGE.html

https://www.locanto.com.au/x/bestasi...privatemassage

Phone : 0410017108

Hours of Business : 12 noon - 8pm

Rates : 
30/$100
45/$150
60/$200
90/$300

Age : Ad says 25, I never confirmed. She looks good regardless.

Size/shape : Fit size 6, firm body! DD fake boobs.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian with Asian heritage

Services Provided : Nude body to body massage

Value for money/recommend? : Yes and Maybe (read my review)

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

I was working in town and contacted Lara to enquire about a last minute booking. She responded very promptly and we organised a suitable time. She lives here in Melbourne and works from Southbank which is quite conveniently located. Upon arrival she called me (Australian, so no issues communicating) and guided me through the often difficult task of getting into the complex and lift. However, this building has been kept in remarkable condition and I had no issues buzzing in and getting up to her room. She must have been gazing through her glass eye through the door as she opened the door before I could even knock. She hid behind the door and stretched out an arm to guide me in. At first I hesitated as I have been catfished like this before, but after taking one step inside the door I was greet by a gorgeous Asian girl dressed in a skin tight dress that flattered all of her curves and standing in heels she almost stood eye to eye with me. I was immediately impressed as she welcomed me in and offered me a towel to shower if I so desired. 

After a quick shower she guided me into one of the rooms and laid down on my stomach on her bed. She then stripped off nude to reveal a spectacular body with giant fake boobs. She then straddled my body and proceed to rub me down quickly with a towel and then oiled me up from back to legs. Her skin was silky smooth and she did not shy away from her body touching me. She proceeded to give a bit of back and butt massage to begin with but before long she was grinding her firm body up and down the length of my body. She did not leave an area untouched by her beautiful breasts, I could feel her rock hard melons sliding up from my ass and eventually wrapping around my neck as I tried to turn and suck her nipples. She has strategically positioned mirrors in the room so that you can watch the entire episode blow for blow.

After about 15 mins on my stomach she asked me to turn over and she oiled up my front and her front and then proceeded to give me the same spectacular body slide this time on my front. Her body is quite impeccable and she does not have any issue with you touching, as long as you stay "outside". Her words, not mine. lol

After 5 mins or so she swings around and oils up my incredibly swollen cock and then straddled my body, sitting on my chest and lowering her chest to my cock and proceeded to slide my cock between her boobs. At the same time her glorious pussy is on show and she has no reservations about you touching, once again, as long as your stay "outside. But I certainly did not hesitate and grabbed her perfectly firm ass, spanked it, and rubbed her clit while she stroked my cock slowly. She is good and I was struggling to hold on but when I told her to slow down she paused for a bit to allow me to gain my composure, edged me for a bit and then went for it until I was shooting last month's production all over my stomach.

All in all, it was a great experience and her pictures are 100% her. She is fit, hot, and provides a great body to body rub. HOWEVER, and this is where she may be great for some and not for others. She is completely mechanical. She's got it down to an art form and doesn't really provide much beyond what you pay for. By that I mean, I tried to spark some conversation to kill the dead silence of her body grinding my back and to verify some things for this review but was met by one word responses. She didn't crack a smile the entire time, and when She was grinding my front she completely avoided any eye contact and does take away from any sensual vibe that you might desire. She does not make a peep, unlike some other girls who I have seen who at least pretended that rubbing their hot body on mine was getting them off. She was a quiet as a church mouse as much as I tried to get her talking, making noises, or getting into the moment but to no avail. I may have caught her on an off day, but I read some other reviews about her on other forums and they also experienced the same. I'm glad I only paid for 30 mins, it was a nice experience but I won't go back to her when there are many other girls that are just as fit and tidy that provide a much better experience overall.


