Floor: #1
Post Time: 1st August 2019, 12:13 AM
Poster ID: AOR guy
Post Title: 
 Laura/Beth (Four hands massage) - Endeavour Hills - 0416 941 982
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Laura and Beth

Establishment : Private Home in Endeavour Hills

Date of Visit : July 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.gumtree.com.au/s-ad/ende...age/1224306864

Phone : 0416941982

Hours of Business : Not sure maybe around 10am to 4pm Mon-Fri

Rates : $120 p/h for 4 hands, $60 p/h 2 hands 

Age : Around 30

Size/shape : Beth was about 175cm tall maybe a C cup

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : Massage and HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes and Maybe

My experience/comments : Had seen the add on Gumtree and thought it looked like it was worth checking out. I wasn't sure how long to book for so I decided on 30 mins as I thought 2 people working on me that's like a 1 hour massage and plus I wanted to allow for extras. So I messaged and booked for 10:30am a couple of days away. That was all good. Then I found out I had to be home for a delivery, so I messaged asking if I could change to 11:30am to which the reply was 12 and I said ok. Not long after they tried calling me and left a massage saying Terry, your 7 mins late are we going to cancel your appointment and re-book you. I sent a text back saying I think you got my number mixed up because you left a message for Terry. Anyway the day arrives and I get a few phone calls with issues I had to deal with while I'm trying to get ready and leave for the massage. I'm backing out of the driveway when the phone is ringing so I answer and it's Beth saying I'm late for my appointment, I said sorry I've been busy dealing with a few things this morning and I'm on my way. I said I'm not late as my appointment was for 12, then she went off saying stuff like this isn't how you run a business and you don't treat people like that. I said I'm not late. She said your appointment was at 11:30am. I said I asked if it could be changed to 11:30am but got a reply back saying 12 so that's the time I'm working to. OK, i'll see you soon! 
I finally get there and was 2 mins late but she was ok when I was there. Offered me a cuppa which I declined. Went up stairs, there are child barriers at the top and bottom of stairs. Not sure if both girls live in the house and have kids too, didn't ask, but looked like that might of been the deal. Beth shows me to the room up stairs and we talk about what I wanted. She said $60 for 1 hour and asked if I wanted any extras, she mentioned HJ was $50 and also offered to go topless which I didn't get a price for. I said I'd booked for 30 mins she said 30 mins would be $50 so I decided I'd go with 60 mins plus HJ. Relaxation was $60, deep tissue was $70 so I got undressed and jumped up on table while she left the room.

Beth come back and starts the massage it was like she was flicking oil on me, but what ever. The massage was pretty good generally, but it was inconsistent at times. She asked if the pressure was good which it was and she asked me to let her know if I wanted more or less pressure. I said I like firmer around the glutes and said use your fist, to which she said that's deep pressure and you'll have to pay more for that, I said don't bother then. I'd asked for the relaxation massage and it was light sensual touch at the beginning and then she was using her forearms and elbows at times quite firmly. So it didn't quite flow as at times she was hard going over bony bits. I was thinking to myself that I was expecting a four hand massage as that was the ad I replied too and mentioned it to her, to which she said you didn't ask for four hand massage. She mentioned to me that if we were doing the 30 min session it would be over now. She did work on my legs and making me stretch and bend in different directions. I figure she worked on my back and legs for around 45-50 mins before we did the flip. She gently massaged my stomach and then asked if I could start playing with myself so I could get hard. I mentioned at the beginning for the HJ that I only wanted very light touching to start with and not a vigorous tug so I can feel and enjoy it, she squirted oil on the old fella and started gently tugging to which I said that's too much, just brush with one finger to start with and I'll get hard. Sure enough it happened and the gentle approach worked a treat. Then when it was hard she just worked on long slow strokes I wanted to play around a bit and enjoy it. Once we had a good rhythm going I wanted to put my hand around her bum to which she replied "no touching" so I thought ok. She moves over to the other side of the table and starts stroking the old fella again and then there was a knock on the door and Laura opens the door to which Beth replies we're just doing the relief now... I'm like seriously... I'm thinking don't go, you're about to watch me shoot my load and then she left and I said to Beth are you ready to which she said yep... so I was able to shoot 5 squirts and a bit more to which Beth said that's a lot of cum, I replied, no not really. I like to build it up and really give them something to clean up  

Beth was nice enough, looks wise above average. It was ok, but probably won't go back. I'm sure some will enjoy and it's worth a try.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 1st August 2019, 07:34 AM
Poster ID: Mickle
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I’ve also been looking at their ad. Won’t book now, sounds like a crap experience.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 13th August 2019, 06:17 PM
Poster ID: Pacificbrown
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Beth

Establishment : Laura's Place

Date of Visit : Early August 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0424638525

Phone :0424638525

Hours of Business : 10am - 4pmish

Rates : 60/ hr    70 (lomi) + hj 50

Age : 25

Size/shape : perfect curvy 8-10, firm but beautifully full 165cm tall, strawberry blonde long hair... She ticked my list

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : Lomi, Hj 

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : This is Tenilles house. She has been advertising on Gumtree for a couple of months. I  sent through a query when I first saw her add and she came back with a strictly non sexual response.
Then a month later noticed she had a few adds up and changed her name to Laura  which hinted at a bit more, like 4 hands and how she loved the touch.
I made a booking a day in advance asking for lomi. She said Beth does that and booked me with her.
I turned up on time. Laura was at the door on the phone. She said there wasn't any booking. She called out to Beth who also had no idea of a booking.
This place was ok from the outside but the inside was a shit fight. Beth led through the place upstairs... She is a nice looking girl. She doesn't live here. 
She was getting the table ready and I'm thinking of walking out. She asks for 70 for lomi and says it's 50 for hj.
And she can get her top off for extra ( didn't say)
Anyway the lomi isn't the oily one. But it is very nice. She has great hands.
I turned after about 30 mins. I then noticed she had her jacket off. Her tank top showed off a great set of c cups. I noticed her gym pants and spectacularly curvy full but toned butt. I'm a butt man so this was my jam.
Her hj was awesome very playful, slow and allowed me full groping of her butt through her pants.
I came after 5 mins. She cleaned me up and continued with nice massage of thighs stomach and chest regularly stroking my cock and managed to coax out a second coming without any request from me.
Lovely girl who has talented hands.
Laura is a scatterbrain. Beware I have gotten regular texts advising of a new number for bookings  ( posted above)
I would go back if it was just Beth but Its Laura's place, I get a dodgy vibe from her.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 13th August 2019, 06:32 PM
Poster ID: AOR guy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Yes I keep getting text messages to with the new number. I agree and think Laura is a bit strange, but Beth is the one who seems more in control of things.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 15th August 2019, 09:50 PM
Poster ID: sribrah
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Yes, avoid Laura. I messaged them on Gumtree and got in touch with Laura but we couldn't agree on a time that suited both of us. She would call me out of nowhere like when I'm working and ask when I'd like to make a booking, i told her im working and if im interested i'll text her. Since she made things uncomfortable for me at work I haven't gotten back to her.

(I should keep a separate number for punts, risky stuff)


Floor: #6
Post Time: 8th September 2019, 10:07 AM
Poster ID: Pacificbrown
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Better to contact Beth directly 0410952040
Beth will do mobile to you for ( $30 extra)
As long in South and Eastern Subs or at the Endeavour Hills crazyhouse.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 18th November 2019, 11:34 PM
Poster ID: sribrah
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I'd say avoid them both now
Beth charges $ 70 extra to do outcall just 10 mins away ( i live close to her). She goes on to say how its petrol, wear and tear, insurance, etc lol to which i just responded no thanks

She came back to me and keeps texting me out of random even when im at work asking if i want a booking

We went back and forth trying to set up a price and she was charging $120 for nude + 70 for 1 hr massage(reasonable) 

 I said no thanks again 

You can get FS elsewhere for that money


