Thread Title: Lauren - Tarniet - 0478 545 838
Floor: #1
Post Time: 21st May 2019, 11:28 AM
Poster ID: Jason Hardigan
Post Title: 
 Lauren - Tarniet - 0478 545 838
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lauren

Establishment : private house

Date of Visit : 1-3-19

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Twitter @Laurenlime

Phone : as above

Hours of Business : check Twitter.

Rates : 250ph

Age : 30-40

Size/shape : slim with great breasts!

Nationality or Ethnicity : Anglo, with a very faint Scottish or Irish accent

Services Provided : strip tease, massage, guided erotic meditation, nude HJ with PM.

Value for money/recommend? : if you seek connection YES if not then you'll claim it's too pricey..
think Fergie and other Lauren-Goddess who's in Collingwood.

Ive got a few reviews to catch up on here..

OK this this bird is probably the nicest friendliest warmest of these operators running the $250 nude HJ psuedo tantra edging massages.

first impresions are her hug and then once youve showered she takes you into the small room  for a lap dance and strip tease where she puts her Big natural boobs in your face. It's good... then onto the table where youre on your back for the entire time!. She does all kinds of massage so if need any internal hip rotators or aductors done where a physio won't go.... she's great for that or if you want you back done too you can start face down(I didn't). You can touch her if you like but you have to be respectful and it's mainly boobs  bum. She gets right up close to your ear and whispers erotic/ dirty talk things for you to visualise and it's pretty sexy as she massages you at the same time. I got really turned on. Then you get to the endgame...PM would be easily as good as Marcella's but far less clinical and more integratedy to the HJ .
Speaking of which this starts really slow and her fingers feel like silk.. maybe it's nuru gel, I didn't ask.
HJ is in full swing and the PM happens almost without you realising which means she knows what she's doing. The HJ-PM continues and It's siblime, yet easy to control yourself if you're trying to prolong it.Then suddenly I got this sudden build up out of knowhere.. I think she made that happen through the PM. She knew it caught me off guard as I grabbed the side of the table with one and and squeezed her bum with the other! She whispered in a sexy voice "it's ok, go with it" as I started to shake while unloading everywhere! Bloody hell... I was a quivering mess for five minutes.. then shower and I'm in the car thinking what just happened?

Overall lauren is a great package, great person.. great body and interesting elements.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 22nd May 2019, 10:19 AM
Poster ID: mikemelb
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Nice find, sounds great.

Too bad about where she is located.  If I am out that way will look her up.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 22nd May 2019, 07:22 PM
Poster ID: AOR guy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
She looks nice and has a good body. Worth checking out her twitter page too


Floor: #4
Post Time: 22nd May 2019, 07:32 PM
Poster ID: Jason Hardigan
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Cheers mike. I had the same problem. Tried three times on different mornings to get an arvo session same day when I was in the area. Each time she politely responded after 7 when I was already home. So I bit the bullet and booked a week out.


