Thread Title: Leanne - PML Heidelberg Heights - 0411 312 046
Floor: #1
Post Time: 3rd December 2016, 05:33 PM
Poster ID: Germinator
Post Title: 
 Leanne - PML Heidelberg Heights - 0411 312 046
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Leanne

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 27/11/16

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 
Hours of Business :  Thames St Heidelberg Heights Mon to Sun 11am to 6pm, 0411 312 046

Rates : $70 per hour, + $50

Age : About 48, Looks 40.

Size/shape : C Cup, Medium figure

Nationality or Ethnicity : Vietnamese

Services Provided : RnT

Value for money/recommend? Average

My experience/comments :
Leanne has been a regular around the Preston area for years. She's in her late 40's but has a great firm body and wears very revealing clothes with plunging necklines.
I've seen her infrequently but over a long period of time and a while back after selling her store she started working at the address above.
Her massage is more than okay with a firm style but also light touching in the right areas. It's not the most exciting however upon the flip she will start to make a lot more of an effort
She is well known for her comments like "Show me the juice" and saying she likes to be fucked doggy style in the RnT part of the massage but until you get to know her it's a bit harder to get much more out of her. She doesn't mind the dirty talk and talk about sex providing you;ve got some sort of rapport with her.
She's a good tease and very attractive for her age but as I said for most people it's going to be a bit hard to get more out of a session that a tug with her but for the right money and providing she likes you there are some different levels of service she might provide.

Nice lady so treat her well.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 4th December 2016, 08:55 AM
Poster ID: Small Bane
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hi Germinator,

What did the extra $50 deliver for you?

Was she fully nude throughout this massage?

Where does she advertise? If I rang she might ask where did I get get number from. This site is not the answer to give


Floor: #3
Post Time: 4th December 2016, 09:12 AM
Poster ID: nextlif
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
This is Leanne Tran ex Preston. Silver members and above can see a previous thread on her here


Floor: #4
Post Time: 4th December 2016, 09:54 AM
Poster ID: Germinator
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by Small Bane


Hi Germinator,

What did the extra $50 deliver for you?

Was she fully nude throughout this massage?

Where does she advertise? If I rang she might ask where did I get get number from. This site is not the answer to giv
"""



I think she advertises in a local paper but as I'm sure you can appreciate that given I've had her number for a number of years I wouldn't really know.  This is not a first up visit that I stumbled upon and I've seen her on and off for about 7 years. She has mentioned advertising though.

Fully clothed massage and limited touching of the legs and arse.  There is no touching on the breasts for the $50 tip so all you get is the tug and perhaps some dirty talk.
If you're into good looking older ladies she might be OK. If you are wanting a full on erotic time then she's not the one based on what I know.  
Girls that have worked for her over the years suggest she sees selected clients on a more intimate level.  I'm not that much a regular of hers to get to that level.

Hope that helps.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 27th December 2016, 03:39 PM
Poster ID: Germinator
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I went there again prior to Xmas and coming back for the shower I noticed the 3rd bedroom door open with the tell tale signs on a double mattress with a fitted sheet and towel strategically placed plus a mirror.
At the very least there must be another lady working there.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 21st August 2017, 04:17 PM
Poster ID: Germinator
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Leanne is now working at 300 Bell street.  It's one of her ex husband shops.  She had a falling out with the guy who lives at Thames Street Heidelberg Heights and no longer works there


Floor: #7
Post Time: 31st August 2019, 08:05 PM
Poster ID: Pacificbrown
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Leanne

Establishment : private house

Date of Visit : end of August 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Private House Preston  0411312046

Phone :0411312046

Hours of Business : everyday 10-6pm

Rates : $50 Brazilian    $30 hj

Age : 50s

Size/shape : 12 , cleavage on show. Well preserved for her age

Nationality or Ethnicity : Viet

Services Provided : Waxing    Hj

Value for money/recommend? : ok

My experience/comments : I've had Leannes number in my phone for many years. Just never been in her area until today. I did try to book Yolanda initially for a Brazilian but no luck and sent Leanne a text. She texted back with $50 and made an appt straightaway. She is in a private house on a very busy Road. So I parked in a side street about 5 mins walk. 
The front drive had about 4 cars in it.
Leanne came to the door in a pair of shorts and top which had her famed rack on show. She is a middle aged lady but is in good knick for someone with such high mileage. 
She led me through the house to a rear room. There were other people present in the various bedrooms I passed. Looked more like residents than 'worker's
She had a table set up and was pretty quick to get the wax on. There was no pre wax clean or prep. She doesn't use gloves. Also she uses strip wax to do the Brazilian which I haven't had before. Have been told by previous waxers that strip waxing genitals was a no no. Anyway, she was quite quick and lacked a little finesse. She was a bit rough handling the crackers but not too rough that it killed my erection.
At the end she saw I was still rigid and offered a hj for 30.
Her hj was nice. She used both hands and halfway through used one hand on my balls nicely.
She got me over in about 6 mins. I did touch her lightly through her clothes  
I remember reading somewhere she didn't like her tits touched so I didn't try.
Pleasant lady. Waxing was ok. Hj was good. Price was reasonable


