Thread Title: Lee - CBD Melb - 0452 597 372
Floor: #1
Post Time: 30th December 2018, 08:52 PM
Poster ID: Jersybull
Post Title: 
 Lee - CBD Melb - 0452 597 372
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lee 


Establishment : Private in CBD Apartment


Date of Visit : 12/12/18


Contact Details/Address/Kiss You Baby


Phone : 0452597372


Hours of Business : By appointment


Rates : FS $80 20 Mins, $100 / 30mins, $150 45 Mins, $170 60 Mins (2 x cums) Nude Massage & HJ $80


Age : 25 to 30


Size/shape : Sexy athletic figure nice natural b+ tits, very attractive


Nationality or Ethnicity : Singapore


Services Provided : Nude Massage and HJ


Value for money/recommend? : Yes


My experience/comments : This is my second good experience at this particular venue in the CBD. Its a bit further than my usual CBD haunt but this was worth the extra walk. 
The last time I was here I opted for a quick BBBJ for $50 and that particular girl was also very young and attractive.
Different apartment than last time I think but the same block and the usual procedure to get up to the girls apartment.
Met by a very young attractive Asian lady and although not the girl in the photo, who cares just as good if not better looking.
Niceties out of the way we settle on the $80 nude massage and Hj.
Now normally I would negotiate a cheaper HJ and ditch the massage but on this day given the lady was very easy on the eye, opted for the nude massage first, followed by the HJ.
Shit massage but that did not particularly concern me as she allowed lots of touching of her genitals and let me suck on her tits during the massage, and she teased me a lot as well.
Came time for the HJ and she did not disappoint.
A lot of the younger girls are not so good on the HJ, so I was a bit apprehensive, but my fears were unfounded.
She had a fantastic slow teasing technique, one hand on the knob the other working my arse crack and balls to perfection, and stopped whenever I asked her to allowing it to build up to a fantastic climax.
I blew a huge load over my chest, she cleaned me up, and off back to work I went.
Overall a fantastic session with an attractive sexy girl with limited English and a fantastic attitude.
May try the number again after the xmas holidays and see if I can get lucky there again.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 2nd January 2019, 04:12 PM
Poster ID: Like
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name :  Sarah

Establishment : Elizabeth St, Melb CBD (new very high rise apartment building with Victoria One signage)

Date of Visit : early Jan 201

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 

Phone : 0452597372

Hours of Business : after 12pm

Rates : $100 for 20 min FS

Age : 50's

Size/shape : ok body, nice skin, saggy C cups

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : CBJ, FS

Value for money/recommend? : No / No

My experience/comments : Jersybull appears to be a connoisseur so though will try the number and see how it goes. Turns out not so good. I should of said no and walked as there was probably a nicer girl on standby but went ahead anyhow. Sarah was nice enough but purely business. Showered, laid on bed, straight on with the dom, heavy duty pump action CBJ, had to slow it down, nice stroking of the perineum, she mounted up in CG and pumped away, changed to doggy, surprising tight fit, pumped, blew, clean up and gone in about 15 min. There would be about 700 apartments in this building so figure giving the address should be ok and will leave up to mod's to edit if required.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 4th January 2019, 02:52 PM
Poster ID: Jersybull
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Like, if you do a google search of that number, there are quite a few girls using it, so I assume its the same set up as 378, hit and miss. Just checked my punting diary, I have been in that building twice, this time and back in August 2017, a girl called Kiki, stunning young good looking Asian, $60 BBBJ only.
Cannot remember which apartment but unlikely I was in the same room twice.
I have struck a couple of older ones in 378 but both in this building have been attractive young girls.
Got a shocker just before xmas will review when I get time.
These punts are hit and miss and with the turnover of girls, you are unlikely to ever get the same girl twice.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 10th December 2019, 03:18 PM
Poster ID: Like
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Joanna in the ad, but WL was not her

Establishment : Private apartment in building on Elizabeth just north of Franklin St, very high level

Date of Visit : early Dec 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://melbourne.locanto.com.au/ID_...ful-Young.html

Phone : 0404306155

Hours of Business : Not sure

Rates : $150 for 30 min

Age : 40's

Size/shape : meh

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : CBJ, face sitting, 69, FS

Value for money/recommend? : No / No

My experience/comments : Wasn't the girl in the photos holding a card with the mobile number. Realised a bit too late and should of said that first up as sometimes the actual girl in the photos is on standby. Anyhow, same old storey, was time constraint so was either now or nothing. I did confirm by text before booking what services would be included, tick mutual oral. Started with cat bath crap, then sucking her saggy tits, then pulled her up onto my face for a bit of DATY, smooth shaved pussy, then she on with the dom via the mouth trick, then mounted up CG, swapped, mish, side on, doggy, blew, shower, gone. It has been a while since this address and should of cancelled when texted the address. Fake photos are what they do.


