Thread Title: lomi lomi massage- sorrento
Floor: #1
Post Time: 30th August 2013, 08:22 AM
Poster ID: jadaya
Post Title: 
 lomi lomi massage- sorrento
				
Post Content: 
saw this ad on gumtree for a lomi lomi massage...... trying to decide if its gonna be worth the drive!!! has any one tried her before??


Traditional Hawaiian Lomi Lomi by qualifed massage therapist. Lomi Lomi is a unique massage and healing technique from Hawaii. It is unique due to the long flowing strokes and continuous flow which are the signature moves associated with Lomi Lomi and facilitates health benefits such as improved sleep and digestion, improved circulation and flexibility, reduced stress and tension, detoxification and rejuvenation or to assist rehabilitation following injury or surgery. Lomi Lomi massage can help to ease the effects of chronic health conditions or just for relaxation and self care. Lomi Lomi is a safe, gentle holistic technique that can be tailored to suit the needs of the individual. Draping is used on body parts not being worked on for comfort and privacy, natural organic coconut oil used with hot towels to remove excess oil residue following the massage. Mobile service available (fee's and conditions apply) discounts available for new clients and rates for pensioner/concession card holders. Full Lomi Lomi - 90 minutes - $90- Half Lomi Lomi - 60 minutes - $60- Mini Lomi Lomi 45 minutes - (back, head, neck) $50- Appointments are available during business hours Monday to Friday and 10am to 2pm on Saturday.This is a strictly therapeutic service only.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 4th September 2013, 02:56 PM
Poster ID: DonkeyKong01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
If they're offering pensioner discounts, what does that tell you? You are more than welcome to try it out no let us ll know what you think and if there is anything other than massage available. 
Hope to hear from you.. We all play a part here... We all need someone to start off a thread.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 4th September 2013, 04:15 PM
Poster ID: BiggusDickus
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by jadaya


saw this ad on gumtree for a lomi lomi massage...... trying to decide if its gonna be worth the drive!!! has any one tried her before??


Traditional Hawaiian Lomi Lomi by qualifed massage therapist. Lomi Lomi is a unique massage and healing technique from Hawaii. It is unique due to the long flowing strokes and continuous flow which are the signature moves associated with Lomi Lomi and facilitates health benefits such as improved sleep and digestion, improved circulation and flexibility, reduced stress and tension, detoxification and rejuvenation or to assist rehabilitation following injury or surgery. Lomi Lomi massage can help to ease the effects of chronic health conditions or just for relaxation and self care. Lomi Lomi is a safe, gentle holistic technique that can be tailored to suit the needs of the individual. Draping is used on body parts not being worked on for comfort and privacy, natural organic coconut oil used with hot towels to remove excess oil residue following the massage. Mobile service available (fee's and conditions apply) discounts available for new clients and rates for pensioner/concession card holders. Full Lomi Lomi - 90 minutes - $90- Half Lomi Lomi - 60 minutes - $60- Mini Lomi Lomi 45 minutes - (back, head, neck) $50- Appointments are available during business hours Monday to Friday and 10am to 2pm on Saturday.This is a strictly therapeutic service only
"""



Well it looks like I am going to have to have some back strain issues and make an appointment to have it fixed. 

Whilst I am at it perhaps she can assist with straightening out my diction oh and if she has good English skills assist me to understand my Longfellow! 

Perhaps whilst I am there I should remember to mention other anatomical parts whilst learning about diction, dictation and generally dicking around! 

Still the concession for seniors should assist me if desert is offered. 

Perhaps one of you goodfellows would paste the link to the Gumtree ad or indeed copy and paste the details of the ad so we may all view and share in this masseuses potential puntability! 

Of course reviews should always follow any punting adventure. 

C'mon guys don't be shy. 

Marks for composition and setting out are always appreciated. 

Reviewing should be a thing we all do after an experience whether we enjoyed it or not. 

Remember that punts are like buses or trams, if you don't fit on one there is always another one coming soon! 

Punt without fear (except for Jenn!) and review without favour. No man's valour should be called into question when it comes to reviewing without fear or favour.

Hold nothing back we all should enjoy every effort and elucidation is the key here. Knowledge is power and ensures we are equipped to enjoy the punt fully.

Knowledge that is used wisely. 



Biggus


