Thread Title: Lovely Lisa - Werribee or Outcalls - Contact via Locanto
Floor: #1
Post Time: 15th January 2016, 04:24 PM
Poster ID: a3dollabil
Post Title: 
 Lovely Lisa - Werribee or Outcalls - Contact via Locanto
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Lovely Lisa

Establishment: Private. Incall & Outcall.

Date of Visit: 14/01/16

Contact Details: http://vic.locanto.com.au/ID_4869994...n-Massage.html

Hours of Business: 10am - 4pm incall. 4pm onward outcall

Rates: 45/140

Age: Late 30's/Early 40's

Size/shape: Average height, thick, busty

Nationality or Ethnicity: Italian

Services Provided: Nude Massage with HJ

Value for money/recommend?: Definitely

My experience/comments:

Contacted Lisa via her ad and arranged for an outcall to my place. She answered my questions promptly, and directly, and was very easy to organise with.

She arrived a little past the time we arranged, but not by a lot. She looks like the shot, as much as it reveals, and is attractive for her age, tanned, very busty. I walked her through the house and showed her the room. She had a table available in her car but the bed was usable so it wasn't needed.

She slipped into another outfit and had me lay down. She is a qualified therapist, and it shows. She delivers long sensual strokes, focusing on areas deeply when needed, and overall the experience was very good.

About halfway in she did some body slides, and having such large breasts, I enjoyed it quite a bit. She then proceeded to focus a little more on the groin area and inevitable had me flip. 

Her tug technique is spot on. Right amount of oil and pressure.

All in all, a solid time and I would see her again.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 15th January 2016, 04:27 PM
Poster ID: nextlif
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
The Locanto ad has her location as Werribee...can you confirm this a3dollabil ?


Floor: #3
Post Time: 15th January 2016, 04:46 PM
Poster ID: a3dollabil
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Unsure as she came to my place. Would be best to check with her.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 20th January 2016, 05:33 PM
Poster ID: JustaRandom
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Is it a nude massage? 
Coz u mentioned she slipped into another outfit? 
Is touching allowed?


Floor: #5
Post Time: 21st January 2016, 06:25 PM
Poster ID: a3dollabil
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Wasn't nude but touching was allowed. Sorry, will try to mention that next time.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 22nd January 2016, 12:33 PM
Poster ID: WOTAN01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by a3dollabil


Wasn't nude but touching was allowed. Sorry, will try to mention that next time
"""



However this is what you wrote, a bit confusing, what was it really?

"Services Provided: Nude Massage with HJ"


Floor: #7
Post Time: 22nd January 2016, 12:50 PM
Poster ID: redbaron
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lovely Lisa

Establishment : Private Address - Werribee area (one of the newer suburbs between Werribee and Hoppers Crossing, I would call it Hoppers)

Date of Visit : 20/1/2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : http://vic.locanto.com.au/ID_4869994...n-Massage.html

Hours of Business : In-calls 10-4 Weekdays, School Holidays Thurs/Fri only - Out-calls any time

Rates : $120 30 min

Age : 40 odd

Size/shape : Busty E? F? (Not really sure of the letters but they were big, natural and soft!)

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie/Italian, maybe Maltese

Services Provided : topless massage hj

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : 

After messaging via Locanto (ad below), organised a time at her place and she met me at the door. Nice place. Talked a bit, and I nude up and lay on the massage table, as she changed into a tight outfit which emphasised her great bust. Small talk and a relaxing massage which I would describe as soft-medium - certainly not like a hard asian type massage. More relaxing, with a bit of teasing. After about 10 minutes the teasing intensified and the hand slips under to look after Mister Happy, as well as rubbing her breasts up and down my back and legs.... Usually when it comes to the flip, I am not yet hard but in this case, I was. 
Flipped to see the girls were out (not naked, topless) as she lowered them over my face as her hands teased and played with Mister Happy. Touching was definitely allowed - even encouraged. Didn't go for the pussy though. She repositions to my side, and finished a marvellous hj - all the time I had a great view of her breasts, face, and had a great play.

Would I go back? Absolutely!

Nice lady as well, not sure if anything else was on the cards, will enquire next time!




the ad --->

Looking for that special touch ??
I am experienced in massage & relaxation therapy, I offer a high quality service with a very sensual ending 
I know just what to do & how to make you feel right
I'm classy, busty & very easy to get along with
I work privately in a discreet, clean comfortable location 
In call 10am to 4pm weekdays...bookings essential (Thursdays & Fridays only during school holidays)
& outcall available outside those hours
Guaranteed quick response to your message
Please don't hesitate to contact me for further details...I guarantee you wont be disappointed !!
(no full service)
And yes, that's me in the photo


Floor: #8
Post Time: 22nd January 2016, 08:04 PM
Poster ID: JustaRandom
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Emailed her a few days ago and got a response which was good. But was quoted  $120 for the hour? 
I hope its $120 for the hour incall and not for 30mins...


Floor: #9
Post Time: 23rd January 2016, 05:20 AM
Poster ID: redbaron
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Time wasn't really discussed with me mate - she told me it was $120 for the massage all up, and it took around 30 minutes... doubt I could have lasted an hour!


