Thread Title: Lucky - Ripponlea - 0476 869 305
Floor: #1
Post Time: 7th November 2019, 10:11 AM
Poster ID: mph998
Post Title: 
 Lucky - Ripponlea - 0476 869 305
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lucky

Establishment : Private apartment near Ripponlea Station

Date of Visit : Oct 19

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 
https://m.locanto.com.au/melbourne/I...Ripponlea.html

Phone : 0476869305

Hours of Business : Unsure, but she is flexible.

Rates : $60 for 30 mins (extras included in rate)

Age : Claims 33 in ad, more like late 40s

Size/shape : Petit size 8, but not toned at all with a flat ass

Nationality or Ethnicity : NZ born Chinese (complete with NZ accent)

Services Provided : Nude bodyslide, massage, and HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Not at all, cheap but terrible service. 

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)
I was in the area for work and had noticed Lucky's ad on Locanto before and thought I'd give her a try. She offers a very cheap service which was a tempter and now I know why. We arranged for a time and when I turned up she was hopping out of a cab. Immediately I was a tad turned off, I could tell her claimed age of 33 was more like 45.

She wasn't an ugly woman, short, petit, and seemed to have had a bit of cosmetic work done. I went against my better judgement and went along with her to her apartment. 

I exchanged the $60 for 30 mins nude massage, bodyslide and HE. I laid on the bed while she stripped and when she revealed her body, I started to regret my decision to opting for a cheaper service. I much prefer younger girls with fitter bodies but I had now committed. 

She then climbed on and straddled me nude and began to slide her naked body against me. Apparently her 'bodyslide' is without oil because she doesn't want to have to scrub oil off her skin between clients. Okay, that was a fail. I then hoped the massage component was better. She then pumped on a bottle and I almost jumped off her bed. She touched me with extremely cold moisturizer and rubbed it into my back to commence a back massage. This was doing nothing for me, it was hardly oily enough for her to apply any pressure and there were no long strokes. I am now regretting my decision completely and wondering how I could get my $60 back. Fail, 2 from 3. I ended up cutting the massage short and flipping after about 10 mins. She then got the hint and swapped to some oil and commenced working my member. She had to work for this one because nothing had gotten me in the mood yet. I take my hat off to her because she knew how to give a HJ and get me excited. If there is anything nice about her it's her breasts. She was quite comfortable for me to play with them but there was not much else on the menu, nor was I interested in exploring it. She then edged me for 20 mins and I blew all over the place. The HJ was fine but the lack of chemistry made this experience one of my worst. 

Her small talk is great. She lives in NZ and speaks English, she just doesn't do it for me. Afterwards she allowed me to take a shower to wash up and get the thick moisturizer out of my skin. She was nice enough but I would never go back myself and would never recommend her services, she's cheap for a reason.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 15th December 2019, 10:45 AM
Poster ID: pancho
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Lucky - Ripponlea - 0476 869 305
Person's Name : Lucky

Establishment : Private apartment near Ripponlea Station

Date of Visit : December 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 
https://m.locanto.com.au/melbourne/I...Ripponlea.html

Phone : 0476869305

Hours of Business : Unsure, but she is flexible.

Rates : $60 for 30 mins (HJ inc. anything else ++++)

Age : Difficult to judge, probably 50ish

Size/shape : Petite with big tits.

Nationality or Ethnicity : NZ born Chinese (complete with NZ accent)

Services Provided : Nude massage, and HJ

Value for money/recommend?   Not my cup of tea, but for $60.00 might suit some punters.

My Experience:


Feeling horny, so I did a bit of scrolling and settled on 'Lucky', a private in Ripponlea. She advertises $60.00 all up, nude massage with HE. Appointment easily organised.

We both stripped naked. She has had extensive plastic surgery on her face. Scrubs up ok. Very difficult to estimate her age. I would guess 50ish. Her body is slim, fit, and petite. She has a magnificent set of tits. They are big, and a bit out of proportion to the rest of her body. She is emphatic that they are natural. Ascetically, her fanny does not do it for me. No mound, just a slit. Oh well !

She directs me onto a bed and starts to move oil on my back. 5 mins in, and I flip. 

" You may touch my breasts" Well thank you Ma'am, don't mind if I do.  

So after a quick fondle, I decide to make her day, by giving her nipps some oral attention. "No no that extra" and she puts 5 fingers in the air. I presumed she wanted $5.00 for allowing me to suck her tits. Pardon my immodesty, but IMO it was for her pleasure, as much as mine.

On reflection, I wonder if she was actually asking for $50.00 ? Either way I was not paying. I made it clear I was not interested in her micro itemising her services. 

She rejected my attempt to knob, and or finger, her clit. So I settled for a HJ. 

Her HJ technique is actually pretty good. I barred up. She made some fake noises, which I suggested she stop.  

I had a roaring fat, but I was no where near the vinegar stroke. I did not want to lose a load with an unengaged ML, so I hopped off the table.

She was genuinely apologetic.  I went with the "it's me, not you," line. All good, so I fucked off, but still had a tent in my pants.

I planned to do a walk in at the new Thai joint in Carlisle Street, with my loaded cock. 

Of course, by the time I arrived there, my cock had deflated. A youngish Thai ML with very limited English, calls herself Pat lol, gave me an excellent legit massage for $30.00. No hanky panky on offer. I did not want to offend by asking. 

This joint will either go broke, or become a tug shop. This was my second session there.  

We were in an enclosed room at the back, but we could still here the chitter chattering of other staff members. They just don't get it. To top off their poor customer service, an Asian guy opened the door, stuck his head in, and had a quick foreign babble with the ML, and then left. What a fuckin rude cunt. 

Oh well, it is called punting.


