Thread Title: Lulu - Latrobe St -  0414 445 889
Floor: #1
Post Time: 9th September 2013, 11:18 PM
Poster ID: native
Post Title: 
 Lulu - Latrobe St -  0414 445 889
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lulu

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : http://melbourne.locanto.com.au/ID_1...-mimi-CBD.html

Hours of Business : 

Rates : $50/30 min

Age : ~25

Size/shape : short, plump

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Massage, nude, HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes, if attractiveness is not important to you.

My experience/comments : 

Visited this place at 4pm on a Friday afternoon.  I had called earlier that afternoon and spoken to Lulu. Quite efficient, and she sent me a text with details. I arrived and Lulu met me in. Took my shoes off at the door as requested and into a small room with massage table.

Lulu is from China and her English is not that good. She is rather short and well rounded, and has a cute face. She first asks me for money upfront ($50/30 min) and I ask if extras are available - she nods and asks me to undress (completely) and I lay in waiting. She starts with a reasonable massage on my neck and back, attacking some knotted areas.

As she massages my left leg, she leans forward so that her breast rubs repeatedly against my hand (which is by my side and open). She moves my leg to a different position and repeats this. I respond by moving my hand slightly to get a better grip of the situation. Lulu then moves to my right leg. I am prepared this time and make the most of it, gently squeezing her breast.

She asked me to turn around, and the negotiations begin. She says naked HJ is $50, to which I reply that I thought it was $20 (from a previous post here for the same place but different girl) and she looks confused. We agree on $30 and she asks if I can turn away while she undresses – apparently a little embarrassed.
She removes her top (only) and I think this is what is meant by ‘nude’, but I try my luck and politely ask if she can remove her pants as well. She seems surprised at my request, but agrees and off they come. I ask if I can touch her and she says yes.

She starts delivering a quite competent one handed HJ – at just the right tempo. I rub her back and bottom as best I can, and she thinks it’s funny, and suggests that I should be giving her the massage. Lulu says I am funny, and I take this to mean that it is unusual for other punters to do this.

I ask if I can touch between her legs and she agrees. I feel an unshaven puddy which surprises me as this is not common in FS shops. I twiddle her clitoris and she seems to enjoy it. It is always difficult to know when an act is being put on and whether an ML is enjoying the experience. But that fact that she cocks her leg on the table to allow me easier access, closes her eyes slightly, and the increasing amount of wetness between her legs, suggests to me that she is indeed enjoying it. I become more aroused, and figure that pushing my finger deeper inside her is something we both will enjoy, so I do, just before I climax.

Afterwards, she looks after herself first, grabbing a towel and drying between her legs – confirmation that she was indeed aroused. She dresses and tells me she will be back. Meanwhile I am left covered in my own mess. She returns a few minutes later with a wet towel and performs a hasty clean up. I dress, and as I leave, she places a lolly in my shirt pocket.

Overall, quite an erotic experience. Although Lulu is not a stunner, she has a cute face, is a little shy, and seemed to enjoy my visit. Knowledge that Lulu gained some pleasure made the experience all the better for me.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 9th September 2013, 11:27 PM
Poster ID: Chalk010
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by native


Knowledge that Lulu gained some pleasure made the experience all the better for me
"""



I know what you mean


Floor: #3
Post Time: 10th September 2013, 07:39 AM
Poster ID: ausnoja
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by native


I ask if I can touch between her legs and she agrees. I feel an unshaven puddy which surprises me as this is not common in FS shops
"""



Dammmmmmmmm why cant they shave or be trimmed ?????


Floor: #4
Post Time: 10th September 2013, 05:13 PM
Poster ID: OzPete
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Personally i love a natural unshaved pussy. Wish there were more of them around. Thanks for that little extra detail :-)


