Thread Title: Lyn - Melbourne CBD - 0434 340 780
Floor: #1
Post Time: 16th August 2019, 10:10 AM
Poster ID: mph998
Post Title: 
 Lyn - Melbourne CBD - 0434 340 780
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lyn

Establishment : Private Apartment opposite Southern Cross Station

Date of Visit : 1 Aug 19

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://melbourne.locanto.com.au/ID_...GE-in-CBD.html

Phone : 0434 340 780

Hours of Business : 10am - 11pm

Rates : She offers a number of different services with a sliding cost scale.

Massage & HE (she remains dressed)
Starts at $80 for 30 mins

Massage & HE (she is naked for HE)
 Starts at $100 for 30 mins

Massage with Body Slide & HE (she is naked for body slide & HE)
Starts at $120 for 30 mins

Age : Ad says 25 but after a few visits I've managed to find out she's older than me. So she's likely mid 30s.

Size/shape : Curvy Size 8. She is not fat but has a little extra padding.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Taiwanese

Services Provided : Massage, Body Slide, & HE

Value for money/recommend? : Yes and Yes

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

I have visited Lyn on a number of occasions and she has never disappointed. She is always prompt replying via text unless she is with someone. She provides a very tailored service to your requirements and she completely focusses on you and does not run of to the phone during the booking. She lives in an apartment near Southern Cross Station and I have experienced difficulties with the lift on one occasion but she is happy to meet in the foyer to avoid any embarrassing circumstances.

Her apartment is completely configured for massage with a massage bed in the middle of a studio. She is quite a chirpy lady and can communicate well. She has been in Australia for quite some time and she is very open in discussion. She has worked around a number of massage parlous in the past but now works privately to be on her terms and I can say that she provides a massage second to not many. I can honestly say that her massage is probably the best I have experienced from Locanto!

During her bookings she is very comforting and plays soft music to kill any silence but we have a great conversation while she massages me. She spends a good portion of the booking providing massage but she teases you constantly throughout the booking to keep your stimulated. Then in the last 5-10 mins she will ease your tension. She provides a very good service considering her reasonable prices.


