Thread Title: Mandy - Croydon - 0488 202 166
Floor: #1
Post Time: 25th February 2020, 11:08 PM
Poster ID: Frontloader
Post Title: 
 Mandy - Croydon - 0488 202 166
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Mandy

Establishment : private house

Date of Visit : February 2020

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : chineserose.com.au

Phone :0488 202 166

Hours of Business : mon-sat 10am - 8pm

Rates : $85 the hour deep tissue

Age : 50

Size/shape : size 8-10, about 5'2", B boobs

Nationality or Ethnicity : chinese

Services Provided : massage, Hj. (also chinese medicine/herbs, cupping is available)

Value for money/recommend? : ok

My experience/comments : 
This girl can massage. Worked on my legs whilst having a heat back and towels on my lower back. No funny biz near the tackle. This went for 25 min and a good job she did. Heat pack then moved to hammies and she worked on my shoulders and neck. That was hurting a bit so I asked for relaxation. Mandy used a lotion for this and then applied plenty to my back and arse cheeks. While on the arse and crack I turned and asked if she could massage my balls. She said "here" and tickled my nuts and moved back to my arse. She got some more lotion and went to work on my glutes and occionally ran her fingers along my nuts and rod then moved away a bit.

Wipe down and flip. More lotion and she went to work again with the hand lotion. Mandy kept up a very good cock and sack massage then leaned in for a cuddle and a peck on the cheek and resumed her work until I exploded . Cleanup with small towel and then hot towel. Settled the account with Mandy saying $120 all up.

A good home set up. Not sure if there is more on offer.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 7th March 2020, 08:29 AM
Poster ID: Mickle
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Mandy

Establishment : Private home studio

Date of Visit : 29 February 2020

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.chineserose.com.au/

Phone : 0488 202 166

Hours of Business : See website

Rates : $100 hour Lomi Lomi ++

Age : 50ish

Size/shape : Small size 8

Nationality or Ethnicity : From China

Services Provided : Lomi Lomi with TLC

Value for money/recommend? : Meh

My experience/comments : Stumbled on this website about a year ago but thought too legitimate for my liking however Frontloader suggests otherwise. Quick and easy booking after a couple of texts to clarify her Lomi Lomi was sensual and nurturing in nature.
Super professional treatment room on the ground level of Mandy's home and very clean.
Had a great Lomi Lomi however I did have to encourage her to work the inner thighs higher and needed lift my ass up a little to signal my for between the legs under body strokes. Once requirements were established she spent a lot of time in my groin and over my balls but a little more pressure would have been better and the full on shaft stroking was absent. 
On the flip she offered the ending for $50. Great relief technique, shaft and balls got good attention and even encouraged her to get her breasts our for a little nipple sucking action which brought me off and seemed to please her. She had this "I don't normally do this but damn it feels good" vibe going.
Part of me says a little too much coin for a lomi lomi with handy and nipples out. The other part of me says a fine investment for my next visit where more shared intimacy could be enjoyed.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 30th April 2020, 07:24 PM
Poster ID: Mickle
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Mandy is now open for business again. She seemed pleased to receive my booking.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 10th May 2020, 04:02 PM
Poster ID: Genji88
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Mandy

Establishment : Chinese Rose

Date of Visit : 4/5/20

Weblink : https://www.chineserose.com.au/

Phone : 0488 202 166

Rates : $80 p/h

Age : 50

Size/shape : Size 10

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Massage no extra

Value for money/recommend? : No

My experience/comments : 
Thought I would try this lady out as she's not too far away and not many options nearby. 

I asked for Deep Tissue Relaxation combo, was told no worries. Not told to leave on underwear and was able to ditch the towel. 

Deep Tissue massage wasn't skilled or technical, merely stripping with forearms. Asked to switch to relaxation after 5-10 mins.  

While the relaxation massage was better, she strongly objected to me touching her calf muscle and told me No Extras after wiggling a bit and making the right noises. 

Once it was well established I was only getting a massage I got quite bored as her massage is  very repetitive - same stroke 5-10 times on 1 side then repeat on the other. 

When I asked for massage on the Front she hastily said "Times Up".

I get the impression that even if I had gotten more she'd still be relegated to a "Last Resort" 
she's definitely a routine stuck "My Way or No Way" type and I wouldn't bother unless you live very near by


