Thread Title: MaryAnne - Vermont - 0420 834 860
Floor: #1
Post Time: 16th June 2011, 01:05 AM
Poster ID: pantyhosemassagefan
Post Title: 
 MaryAnne - Vermont - 0420 834 860
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: MaryAnne

Establishment : Pure Relaxation

Date of Visit: 15 June 2011

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: PURE RELAXATION - Melbourne Region health, beauty, fitness - Gumtree Melbourne Region Free Classifieds

Hours of Business: unsure 10am - ? says late appointments available

Rates: $80/hr

Age: 30's

Size/shape: slim

Nationality or Ethnicity: Aussie

Services Provided: massage

Value for money/recommend?: No

My experience/comments: Thought I'd give this advertiser in Gumtree a go. Went to a unit in a block where two elderly neighbors were giving me a dirty look as I walked up the driveway - bad start! Nice enough girl wearing jeans and a jumper - had a table set up basically where your dining table would be and about 3 heaters working overtime (it was a cold day!). Asked me to undress and left the room. No obvious towel to put over me so lay face down and waited hopefully. When she came back in she took the towel from under my feet and lay it over my bum and legs - oh no! it's going to be a really straight one. What followed was an average relaxation massage (I've had heaps better straight massages) which bored me for an hour. Most of it was on the the back - some arms and some lower legs. No massaging of the buttocks and then to top it all off, I didn't even get to turn over! The massage just finished on the hour! So - not even a good "straight" massage and no tug for sure! Yah gotta try and yah gotta let the folks know not to waste their time.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 16th June 2011, 06:35 PM
Poster ID: tbone
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
thanks mate i had looked at that on gumtree and wondered about now i know. Chalk it up for the team!


Floor: #3
Post Time: 16th June 2011, 07:02 PM
Poster ID: Xmin
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
***Reminder***

Gumtree and Cracker ads expire after a little while, if there were contact details in that original ad, then please post them in your review, since in a month or two that might be all the info there is left.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 12th June 2013, 02:15 PM
Poster ID: BiggusDickus
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : MaryAnn

Establishment : PML

Date of Visit : April 2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : massagelillydale@gmail.com   Pvt Unit in Gladstone Street Lillydale  0405 361 370  http://www.gumtree.com.au/s-ad/lilyd...age/1021383490 Current Gumtree ad.

Hours of Business : By Appt

Rates : $80 per hr plus 

Age : says late 20's guessing mid to late 30's

Size/shape : Size 10 (she says)

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : None

Value for money/recommend? : Def not VFM

My experience/comments :

A bit hesitant about doing a review for this individual but as she keeps on advertising on Gumtree and I am fairly sure someone will take a punt by mistake I thought perhaps I should write up my experience about this person so as others may be aware.

I made inquiries about this PML and established that she did massage after hours and on weekends so when I was in Melbourne I arranged to make an appointment to see her.  I wasn't certain as to whether she had been reviewed but realised she had changed her number and everything about her description seemed to match to this thread. She has ads on Gumtree. She is now in Lillydale which is close to her old abode. She lives and works out of a block of units.
She claims she is working and was on holidays when her schedule changed somewhat conveniently.
I made an appointment to see her in the evening it was a weekday. About an hour later I received a text asking me to arrive some 10 minutes later than the appointed time. I had booked for a 45 minute massage for $60. She stated that she had a client between the 30 minutes before my appointment time and the appt time and she needed 10 minutes to tidy up and change towels etc. I then sent her a text back asking how much time the $60 was going to get me on the table as she was now suggesting the massage was going to be for 30 minutes only. Alarm bells were ringing loudly now. She stated 30 minutes on the table for a 30 minute massage. I asked how could that be as the previous massage was booked as a 45 minute massage (She had offered me that spot earlier) and now that was a 30 minute timeslot. Of course realisation that she was squeezing in another 30 or 45 min massage so she had them back to back. Instead of two 45 minute sessions she was now having three 30 minute sessions. Well that is not conducive to a relaxation massage especially if the therapist is thinking about the next massage instead of the one she is doing atm. I am sure most of us have been there before.
I sent her a text back stating I did not want to be rushed and would like to change my 45 minute (now 30 min ) session to an hour session. She stated she only did 30 minute sessions during the week. Even though she had me booked and paying for a 45 minute session. She now only did hour sessions on the weekend. She was proverbially talking out of both sides of her mouth.
Sirens started sounding now. Flashing warning lights were now preventing my dick from going anywhere. So I thought to myself before I call this off I will ask about everything that might be on the cards. Did she do hand relief answer "Yes". Included in a higher price. $30 more. No she did not get naked or offer any other extras. So here we go $60 for a clothed rushed massage of 30 minute duration supposed to be 45 minutes. Plus $30 for relief totalling $90 for a rushed dubious massage of probably 20 minutes length as she had them back to back. I figured I would send a message. The guys who were either side of me would possibly have more time and a less rushed massage. I did say possibly. But truth be told doubtless probably not!

I stated with some concerns that writing up a review will push MaryAnn(e) up the thread list but be warned she is a waste of your valuable time with probably an underdeveloped massage technique and no ethics at all. BE WARNED. She wasted approx an hour of my life plus this review. Lifes lessons learnt the better way.

Biggus.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 12th June 2013, 04:54 PM
Poster ID: melbournefella
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by BiggusDickus


Person's Name : MaryAnn

Establishment : PML

Date of Visit : April 2013

.

"""



Good on you Biggus, this is what this site is all about looking after each other I say. Well done champ!


Floor: #6
Post Time: 13th June 2013, 10:51 AM
Poster ID: DonkeyKong01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks for the heads up. I was trying to book her months ago. After all the bullshit runaround I decided to give her a miss. Lucky I did. Sorry to hear about your experience but thanks for sharing that with us. Happy hunting.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 28th September 2013, 11:56 PM
Poster ID: BiggusDickus
Post Title: 
 Maryann Morphed into Terri
				
Post Content: 
Hey fellas watchout she has changed her name and mob number again so just be careful. The Old name Maryann the new name Terri new mobile is 0457 426954

Gumtree ad same shit as before but link is Tezzas Touch | Massages | Gumtree Australia Yarra Ranges - Lilydale | 1028032499






			
				Tezzas Touch
SENSUAL RELAXATION MASSAGE by Terri
Lilydale VIC view on map 
Accreditation:
TAFE Trained, Cert IV qualified (2010)
Areas of expertise:
Sensual Full Body Massage
Relaxation & Stress Relief
Deep & Soft Tissue Massage
Hi my name is Terri, 

I provide a Full Body Sensual Massage in a private home studio. Massage Table, Towels & Oils provided. 

My studio is located in Lilydale. 

1 hour - $80 

Relax and unwind with the massage of your choice. 

For a unforgettable massage experience call or text to book for an appointment now. 

Please note I dont offer a mobile service.
			
		


Now fellow members and those with hearing aids DON'T GO ANYWHERE NEAR THIS ONE! I HATE HAVING TO GIVE ANYONE PROMINENCE AS IN GETTING OTHERS EXCITED ABOUT A PUNT BUT YOU WILL REALLY REGRET AND BE TOTALLY PISSED OFF IF YOU BOTHER TO BELIEVE THIS PUNT OR ANYTHING SHE SELLS BEFORE THE SERVICE if you can call it that! Just a big runaround and then dudded on time or anything sensual sure she pulls cock but not in a good way!

This is this waste of times latest ad on Gumtree 

Give her a wide berth! 

happy punting. 


Biggus


Floor: #8
Post Time: 11th October 2014, 12:24 AM
Poster ID: Davidsmart
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Ok so if this is tezza's touch from Lilydale I am going 
To go against you all here .
I saw her once, was $50 for 30 mins .
Her massage was very sensual .
Had a nice short skirt on.
I went to touch her though and she said no, that's extra.
I still had a great time with a lot of teasing
So she must of improved!
This was only a few months ago .
We text later and I asked what extras did she do?
Basically she would do everything .
I told her I had a fantasy of getting myself off in front of her .
She said we can do that only if I can play with myself while you do it .
Sadly when I text a few weeks later she said she doesn't work any more .
For $50 I had a great time!


