Thread Title: Meggie, Japanese Massage -  Melbourne - 0420 202 949 SMS Only
Floor: #1
Post Time: 9th October 2014, 08:49 PM
Poster ID: heretoforget
Post Title: 
 Meggie, Japanese Massage -  Melbourne - 0420 202 949 SMS Only
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Meggie

Establishment : 

Date of Visit : 9 October 2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : http://melbourne.locanto.com.au/ID_3...s-massage.html

Hours of Business : Noon to 8pm

Rates : $60 for 30 mins, $100 for hour

Age : 23?

Size/shape : 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian 

Services Provided : Massage and Happy Ending

Value for money/recommend? : yes

My experience/comments : 

organised meeting, SMS prompt responses from what would appear to be mamas am.

$60 for 30 minute massage, $100 for hour, centrally located near Melbourne Aquarim.

Would not specify extras, but extra charges may apply depending on technique used

Agreed to appointment time and travelled to CBD. By stroke of luck, arrived early, and sent text as per prior arrangement. notified them I was early, directed to apartment, buzzed through entrance, lift doors to room

Met at door, by Meggi. Picture at http://images.locanto.com.au/Meg-fro...1095851832.jpg blurt, but not found on tineye.  

Girl is on larger size but attractive, Clearly hit and miss on who you get as three other girls working from apartment.

told price, and asked about extras, deliberately vague, then asked about massage techniques. permitted to touch above the waist happy ending for extra $50. agreed

Started eith back massage, not professional massage, and distance kept re modesty

Told to strip off and lay on mattress on floor. Towels clean. oOnce laying down, arse and legs covered by towel. Oil massage of back, shoulders, then legs one at a time. Arse kept covered by towel, and didn't wonder at all. after 40 minutes comes the flip. Agrees to get the puppies out, lowers tank top and bra off shoulders but won't remove. decent c cup breasts. Tights and denim shorts stay on.

loves to have nipples suckled, begins the moaning. A start to oil up the twig and berries whilst massaging the perineum and balls

Once at attention adds some spit to the knob and works it to completion. Wouldn't allow Spanish, but tits would be Devine.  

Also strictly no COB. works it to completion

Tidies up with warm face washer and towels, massages front of legs, time is up. Offered shower and time to leave.

WIR well had worse and better, so in a pinch yes




			
				Hi I'm Meggie I'm a sweet 23 years old Japanese. I offer massage therapy to help relieve you from your stressful day. Feel free to come and visit me 

I will make your stress go away with my magical fingers. My past clients have said that I am good at what I do. I'm based in the CBD close to Melbourne Aquarium. 

This is my real photo so please don't ask me to send photos again. I'm constantly bombarded with requests and simply don't have the time to respond to all mms requests as I am usually busy with appointments. I charge $100 for 1 hour and $60 for 30 min.

If you would like to make a booking please sms me .
0420202949


Floor: #2
Post Time: 20th March 2015, 04:01 PM
Poster ID: Like
Post Title: 
 Meggie, Japanese Massage - Melbourne - 0420 202 949 SMS Only
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Mya

Establishment : Flinders Ln, b/w King and Spencer

Date of Visit : 20 Mar 2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 





			
				Konichiwa  I'm 21 years old cute Japanese girl from Nagoya. I came to Australia to improve my English . Its hard to improve my English only at the class work...The place I'm working as a massage therapist. I get lot of new customers and it help me to improve my English and extra pocket money. So if you like to meet young Japanese girl for a massage please contact me. Please SMS only no calls. 0420202949
			
		

 - http://melbourne.locanto.com.au/ID_3...ese-girls.html
Hours of Business : Not sure

Rates : $100 for 1 hour massage. $50 for HJ with top off.

Age : early 20's

Size/shape : Beautiful girl with amazing hot body. It is a rare event that the girl who answers the door and give the massage is way better than the photos.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Japanese

Services Provided : Massage and HJ.

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : Had read some reviews on this site and also the many ads that they run, and have been thinking about giving the place a visit for a couple of months. Sent text this morning and arranged a time for this afternoon. Went for an hour because my last couple of 1/2 hour visits to places are too rushed, although 1/2 is too long sometimes. Went to the address, texted for entry details, through the two security doors. Mya answered the door and showed me into the fairly small room just inside the door with a mattress on the floor, covered with clean towels, good lighting and a fan. Great massage, but no teasing so still wasn't sure where it was going. Clean off with hot towel before the turn. Good to turn over to see Mya as she is very attractive. At one point I saw her glance at the clock and asked if she does extras. She said yes, but only hand job. Ok, I asked topless? Yes. I ask, how much? She asks, how much do you want to pay! Sucker for a beautiful girl, so offer $50, ok. Top off showing a great body with wonderfully shaped small breasts. I ask if it's ok to touch and she says yes, but no to kissing them, oh well. It is great watching her and when I go she smiles.

WIR: Yes.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 13th April 2015, 11:48 PM
Poster ID: melboy
Post Title: 
 212/457 Flinders Lane, Melbourne (CBD) - 0420 202 949
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Mya 

Establishment: Variously named Japanese Blossoms or Asian Blossoms

Date of Visit: Friday in late March 2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: 0420 202 949 | 212/457 Flinders Lane, Melbourne (CBD) | Locanto Ad (one of many) 

Hours of Business: Until 10 PM 

Rates: $60/30mins, $100/60mins 

Age: Early 20s 

Size/shape: Thin

Nationality or Ethnicity: Asian 

Services Provided: Massage 

Value for money/recommend? No - massage is already way overpriced for what it is, and extras are expensive too

My experience/comments:

Feeling somewhat affection starved one Friday evening after recently returning to in my old hometown of Melbourne I hopped on locanto and trawled that multitude of ads in the massage section, txting a few promising CBD based prospects. Only one replies - 0420 202 949. A few more txts back and forth and a booking is made and an initial location given. Instructed to txt again on arrival and more details will be given.

I rock up on time and do as instructed. Apartment number is promptly supplied. I dial the apartment and am buzzed in. The building is a residential apartment building, so the ride in the lift is shared with residents and their guests. Eventually I find the right apartment on the second floor and knock. A stunning young asian girl opens the door and ushers me in. 

It appears the apartment has been turned into an impromptu 3 room massage shop - 2 bedrooms and a third room made by partitioning off part of what was supposed to be a living room with a floor to ceiling fake wall. There's some random chubby cauc lounging on the sofa playing with her phone - I suspect she's handling the phone/s for this outfit. I'm led in to the third room to find a mattress lying on the floor, some oil, tissues, music being played through some awful tinny sounding alarm clock and little else. Basically about as dodgy as it gets... its oowwnnn I think to myself 

 The stunner who let me in turns out to also be my ML - would go so far as to suggest . I strip down to my birthday suit and crash down on the mattress. My ML, who's shop name I learn is Mya, actually has some reasonable massage skills to my surprise - strong and firm, kinda getting the right places. More worryingly though, there's little hint of extras - no tickle, no accidently-on-purpose brushes of the naughty bits, nothing. Most puzzling given the general vibe so far!

After too long I'm asked to flip. With no tease, melboy jnr is still sleeping and Mya keeps going with her massage. I can't quite remember who eventually raises the topic of extras, but the upshot is that it is $50 just for a HJ. Almost in shock, I laugh, suggest I'll think about it and just lie back down. Eventually I'm wiped down with a dry and scatchy "hot towel" and am rather curtly told time is over. With this Mya leaves the room for me to get dressed.

I make my way out to Flinders Ln and slip in to the night, $100 lighter and feeling somewhat ripped off. Given the general dodginess of the setting I'd kinda concluded that the HJ fee was part of the money paid up front. How wrong I was! 

WIR? No!


Floor: #4
Post Time: 11th May 2015, 09:00 PM
Poster ID: xs4all4me
Post Title: 
 Asian Sakura Giving Massage in CBD - 0420 202 949
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Sakura


Establishment: Private


Date of Visit: 6/5/15


Contact Details/Address/Weblink: Phone 0420 202 949 / Flinders Lane, Melbourne / Locanto Ad


Hours of Business: 11am to 7pm


Rates: 30m/$80, 1hr/$100


Age: 25


Size/Shape: Size 6 / A Cup / Slim Body


Nationality or Ethnicity: Japanese


Services Provided: Body Massage / Nude, HJ extra $


Value for Money/Recommend?: Not really


My experience/comments:

Hi all, since I'm new to this scene, thought I share my experience, I contacted a local Locanto Ad in the Melbourne CBD since I had a horny twitch which I wanted to get a load off and have a thing for Japanese girls 
After a few sms back and forth about price and location, sms replies was pretty quick. Arrived at location, and she buzzed me up, after knocking on the door, I was greeted by a 6/10 Japanese lady, after stepping into the small apartment I saw two other girls in there?? One aussie and the other is a darker lady, my thought was..Hmmmm ok, she showed me to the massage room, very small with a bed on the floor, I was very uneasy with the two other girls outside, I did not ask who they were, but I assume, they may also have a Ad in Locanto and the apartment is a shared massage place???
After I handed over the $100 for the hour I booked, I stripped naked and laid on the mattress on the floor, she went out and then came back after a couple of minutes. Still uneasy with the two ladies outside and which I have a sense the walls between are very thin. I tried to relax for a nice massage and I genuinely had some back pain which I wanted to be smoothed out 
I'm the type to strike a conversation, the lady was very cold in her response and I sense she just wanted to get it over and done with so I just let her do the massage. Overall massage was very mechanical using baby oil, massage was nothing to rave about, I give her a 4/10 for trying. Towards the last 20 minutes I asked if she offered any extra's, and the reply was, what do you want? I then replied what do you provide? she said nude massage and HJ, nude massage was extra $50 and for both is $80.
I know extra $80 for nude and HJ was a bit much but I sense she wasn't enjoying her job so I thought I help her out and paid over the cash. Just wanted to get a load off and be done with it, she didn't go full nude as it was that time of the month so only top, she allowed to grab her small tits but boy did she have massive nipples! She didn't allow kissing or sucking, after a sub par HJ I blew my load, she went and got me a hot towel to clean me off and I was out of there, that walk past those two girls was a bit of a weird experience.

Ok, to sum up my experience, not great and a little over priced, yeah I should have haggled a little but wasn't in the mood, they advertise on Lacanto, and Im sure its not her real name and there are several Ads regarding Japanese ladies but has the same mobile number.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 11th May 2015, 09:13 PM
Poster ID: WOTAN01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Welcome to AUXXXR and for your first review. As you say it sounds a bit expensive but it is Melbourne I suppose. 


I assume this is the advert you saw. http://melbourne.locanto.com.au/ID_3...ay-SMS-ME.html 





			
				asian blossom available to relief your stress away. SMS ME - 21
 asian blossom available to relief your stress away. SMS ME, Melbourne -  21 - Image 1
Contact advertiser
Hi. I'm 21 from japan and I'm offering sweet relaxing massages to relief your stress in the CBD. 
My hands are very soft and I know how to use them.
If u want to spend some relaxing time in the middle or the end of your day please Text me : 042 0202 949
I am available almost everyday. 
I'll love to see you...
			
		


Go and see another provider and post your next Review in this section as well.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 11th May 2015, 09:42 PM
Poster ID: xs4all4me
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Yep thats the advert I contacted 

Just posted another review as well.


