Thread Title: Mila - St Kilda - 0449 227 938
Floor: #1
Post Time: 21st April 2013, 05:49 PM
Poster ID: mycanon
Post Title: 
 Mila - St Kilda - 0449 227 938
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Mila

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 4/4/13

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : ENJOY A GREAT MASSAGE BY EUROPEAN MASSEUSE, Melbourne / 0449 227 938

Hours of Business : Ring Mila

Rates : $120

Age : Mature

Size/shape : Skinny

Nationality or Ethnicity : European

Services Provided : RnT Massage

Value for money/recommend? : Not great

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

Seen this ad on Locanto and figured I'd give it a try.  Rang up and was given address in block of flats, Wellington ST, St Kilda. Arrived and found my way to the flat.  Greeted by a mature lady called Mila.  Very mature and skin suntanned almost to leather.  Should have left then.  Showed to bedroom and asked to undress and onto bed.  She stripped down to underwear to reveal old, saggy a-cups and a seriously skinny tanned body. Reminded me of the neighbour with the dog from the movie "Something about Mary" !!!

Massage was ok, but not great.  On the flip she started working the old feller, which I had some trouble getting aroused. Maybe it was the smell of Coconut oil and tanned leather....!!  Eventually she decided this was hard work and offered to try something different. Ok, I figured it couldn't hurt...Wrong.  SHe drops her panties and immediately squats over my face and tries the tug again.  Not really helping here.   After a few mins she switches ends and jumps straight into a BBBJ, which was actually reasonable, but I still couldn;t get worked up enough.  After 15 mins we decided to call it quits.  I claimed work stress as the issue and was told that it happens a lot.  I figured others had suffered the same fate!

Out the door in 45 mins, and quite happy to do so.

WIR: NOPE.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 21st April 2013, 06:18 PM
Poster ID: Mickle
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Had the same experience however didn't get the tits out, pussy in face or BBBJ assistance. Maybe she has had to learn how to work harder since two months ago. She gave the excuse not me "maybe you drank too much beer yesterday" it was a Monday I visited.
Won't return either and laugh hard at the suggestion that she is "Something about Mary's neighbour with the Dog" So true!


Floor: #3
Post Time: 22nd April 2013, 09:14 AM
Poster ID: DonkeyKong01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Is she the old French lady. Teeth are pretty rotten? If it is, then I know who you're talking about. Sorry I didn't let u know earlier (if its her). I was too embarrassed to share the experience. What a waste...
Please let me know if we're talking about the some duck.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 22nd April 2013, 10:45 PM
Poster ID: mycanon
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by Ajarrmac


Is she the old French lady. Teeth are pretty rotten? If it is, then I know who you're talking about. Sorry I didn't let u know earlier (if its her). I was too embarrassed to share the experience. What a waste...
Please let me know if we're talking about the some duck
"""



Yep, thats the one....


Floor: #5
Post Time: 16th August 2013, 01:27 PM
Poster ID: OzPete
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Called the other day....number disconnected. Seems she might be out of business.


