Thread Title: Misha - Ivanhoe - 0432 242 521
Floor: #1
Post Time: 3rd October 2019, 10:22 PM
Poster ID: sribrah
Post Title: 
 Misha - Ivanhoe - 0432 242 521
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Misha

Establishment : Private home

Date of Visit : 3.10.2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0432242521

Phone : 0432242521

Hours of Business : Morning to 9pm

Rates : 150p/h

Age : Late 20s or early 30s

Size/shape : Chubby/fat

Nationality or Ethnicity : Indian 

Services Provided : Nude massage and HR

Value for money/recommend? :No and no, maybe the cup of tea for some but definitely not for me. 

My experience/comments : 


Was horny today and went on Gumtree to see if there was anyone who can offer after business hours massage at their place or mine.

Came across Misha's ad. Called her to find what she offers and she straight up said "90 per hour for deep tissue, or if you want nude with hand relief it's 150".

I was like ummmmmm ok that's very straight forward! I asked her photos of her before coming over, she refused. I said ok then just give the address (my brain between my legs made that decision), it's an apartment with 15 or so units. Went up to first floor and she greets me at the door. I was disappointed.

I was expecting a petite caramel skinned Indian girl and was met with an out of shape, chubby, mid 30s woman at the door. Wanted to turn around and leave but then again my penis made the decision to stay.

I took up the offer to take a shower and laid face down, she strips off to reveal an unattractive, fat body. I kept my hands to myself for 20-30 mins of the massage even though she asked me to touch her. Little to no conversation and she was very cold when i tried to strike up a convo. 

Massage was mostly just rubbing really hard even though she tries her best it doesn't come close to deep tissue. 

This continues for 20 mins or so then...
The unexpected happens - (the only positive of this experience, tbh)

She spreads my legs apart and oils up my crack, and starts to fondle my cock and balls. She used one hand to pull on my cock, and the other hand to rub against my anus and occasionally trying to put a finger in there. This went on for like 10 mins and i didn't want it to end, it felt great. I lifted up my stomach a few times giving her better access. She made full use of that. (Most MLs dont start on the HR until you are on your back.)

She asks me to flip over and starts with the Hj straight away. Her technique was poor, went too fast at times and it didn't feel good. As she was trying to make me cum for what seemed like forever i started exploring her body a bit. She has big tits but then again big boobs on a fat girl are like abs on a skinny guy. They dont count. At least they are fun to play with lol. 

I spread her legs apart as she was standing next to me and tried to find her pussy...took a few seconds but found it. But YUCK. 

Her thighs and pussy were sweaty, i immediately pulled my hand back but was too late. Her pussy sweat was on my hands. I had a sniff when she went to check her phone and holy shit I almost puked. It smelled  disgusting.

So bad that it almost killed my erection. It reminded me of my first girlfriend, she was a little on the larger side and my first time going down her was a bad experience because she didn't smell good down there, (i still ate her out but never did it again until the break up)

I understand that fat girls may develop more sweat down there but come on dude, PERSONAL HYGIENE? HELLO?


Anyway, back to the review - she couldn't finish me off with her technique so i started jacking off and asked her to come close so i can come on her tits. She was cool with it. 

Massage ended and i just wanted to pay and leave asap. Paid $150 and refused her offer to take a shower and said i'll take one when i'm home. She told me she was using massage oil but it was baby oil. 


TLDR : 
massage 6/10
extras 5/10
body 0.5/10
attitude 2/10
value for money 3/10
Honesty 0/10
Atmosphere 4/10


