Thread Title: Monica Malvern Victoria
Floor: #1
Post Time: 23rd July 2018, 12:16 PM
Poster ID: pancho
Post Title: 
 Monica Malvern Victoria
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Monica

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 22/07/2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : WeChat

Phone : not disclosed

Hours of Business : Flexible

Rates : $100.00 for 30 mins

Age : Early 20s

Size/shape : Chubby

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Massage, HJ, outside tit & fanny rub.

Value for money/recommend? : Not for me

My experience/comments : 
She is very chubby. She is quite pretty in her own way, but not really my cup of tea.
She says she is Thai.


I am sure I have read some glowing reports somewhere. So I sent her a 'text' via WeChat. Yeah sure, she does massage, "but no suck anywhere". Appointment 8pm her place in Malvern.


The experience, whilst ok, was a bit too by the numbers, for my liking. She wanted more money for more items on the menu. I thought $100. for 30 mins should've produced more than just a clothed handy.


She was stroking my cock whilst allowing me to play with those monster jugs, but only on the outside. She was also having a play with them.


She mentioned an extra $50. would get her gear off. She wanted to give me a price list, and negotiate as she stroked my cock. For once in my life, my brains were not in my knob. 


She was being very controlling as to where my hands went. I figured that if she was naked, and then wanted more money for a bit of a fiddle, that this could end up being a very expensive way to spend half an hour. 
So I discouraged her from  listing all the add ons. I find that whole process very off putting.


She lent over to her laptop and informed me I had to cum in the next 10 mins because her friends were waiting for her. She gave a reasonable HJ and then jack hammered me over the line. 


I then gave her a lift to the main Malvern shops, so she could meet her mates. I refrained from charging her a flag fall fee, plus a fee per kilometre, plus extra for every right turn, plus waiting time at red lights, plus a gear change charge every time I used the clutch.


She is a nice enough chick. I am sure she would really float some punters' boats. I also suspect that she might be very YMMV, and on a good day, may render a great service. However, for me, on this particular occasion, it was just another RnT.


She does not advertise, and says she has a few regulars. She also works at a shop, but I didn't ask where.


WIR ? Probably not.

If any punter wants to book her, he/she can use WeChat to track her down.
 It should not be too difficult to join the dots.
 NAME: Monica
 AREA: Malvern Vic
 DESCRIPTION: Very chubby
 ETHNICITY: Thai
 AGE: Early 20s


