Thread Title: Native American - Mentone - 0433 220 327
Floor: #1
Post Time: 28th December 2013, 07:21 AM
Poster ID: snoutmobile
Post Title: 
 Native American - Mentone - 0433 220 327
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Not Given.

Date of Visit : Dec 2013.

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : A Native American Experience the Difference Naturally!, Mentone Beach

Hours of Business : 7 days to 8 pm. Appointment only.

Rates : $150 all inclusive. 45 mins.

Age : 40s. 

Size/shape : Large.

Nationality or Ethnicity : American.

Services Provided : Massage with HJ.

Value for money/recommend? : No.

Comments: Massage in private residence. She provides you with address when you book.

Locanto ad has a picture. This is actually her but picture is flattering - she is much bigger in real life and not so attractive. Ad also sttes age as 35 but she is actually 40 plus. Breasts are her best feature - they are real and not saggy.

Provides nude sensual massage with hand relief. The actual massage is very good. 

When I arrived she stripped down to her underwear. States that this is a sensual massage but she does not give full details.

Starts massage with me on my front. Some "accidental" brushing. When I say that I enjoy that the brushing becomes more regular and not so accidentally.

On turnover, she strips completely. Body is not a great sight apart from boobs. Starts HJ and allows touching all over her body. She rubs my dick across he boobs till I am finished.

Shower available.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 28th December 2013, 07:49 AM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by snoutmobile


Person's Name : Not Given.

Date of Visit : Dec 2013.

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : A Native American Experience the Difference Naturally!, Mentone Beach
.

"""



Thank you for your review snoutmobile.

Here's the Locanto ad,





			
				A Native American Experience the Difference Naturally! - 35

Gentle Men Only~
You've tried the rest now try the Best! Soothe Your Soul come
Experience the Difference using Native American Traditions and Ancient Sensual Body to Body Healing techniques. In the Privacy of my home, a relaxing environment. I only see gentlemen and provide an amazing session with respect being of the up most importance~ It's a massage.....
Shower available
Monday-Friday Holidays 10 am
Saturday and Sunday 10am-8pm
I look forward to nourishing your Soul Mind & Body $160 per hour. Book for an Appointment
0433 220 327
Share


Floor: #3
Post Time: 8th September 2014, 12:15 PM
Poster ID: Ranog
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Christina 

Establishment : Native American

Date of Visit : July 2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Locanto

Hours of Business : Business hours Mon to Sat

Rates : $180 per hour $300 for 2 hours

Age : 43

Size/shape : large

Nationality or Ethnicity : American. Cherokee

Services Provided : Massage, exchange massage, hj

Value for money/recommend? : expensive

My experience/comments : 

Found her ad on Locanto promising a different experience being a Cherokee Indian. But it wasn't really. It was still a nice massage but she charged a premium for being different.

Friendly text exchange to set up the meeting. Arrived at her private unit on time to be ushered into a private car park which was nice. Shown into a smallish unit with one room set up with a massage table. All clean and comfortable.

Christina is a large woman in her mid 40s she quickly undresses down to her underwear and gives a nice but not spectacular massage. Can't see how it differs from any other massage. 

Half way through she introduces the prospect of a shared massage. Before long she is face down on the table, bra off and I am massaging her. She allowed me to roll her panties down to massage her bum but not to touch her pussy.
When she hopped off the boobs stayed bare. They are her best feature.

Hot shower afterwards was good.

A nice time but nothing special.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 8th September 2014, 12:55 PM
Poster ID: Jaytee
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
She used to work on Bay st, Brighton a few years back and gave a pretty average topless massage back then for only $80


Floor: #5
Post Time: 8th September 2014, 02:45 PM
Poster ID: Ranog
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Well that's inflation for you Jaytee. A doubling of the price in a couple of years )


Floor: #6
Post Time: 8th September 2014, 11:36 PM
Poster ID: Jaytee
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by Randy dog


Well that's inflation for you Jaytee. A doubling of the price in a couple of years 
"""



Lol!! Spot on


Floor: #7
Post Time: 9th September 2014, 07:13 AM
Poster ID: ron jeremy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Another fatty with tickets on herself.


