Thread Title: Nina, Collins St. CBD, Melbourne - 0410 893 930
Floor: #1
Post Time: 6th November 2014, 05:03 PM
Poster ID: caesar13
Post Title: 
 Nina, Collins St. CBD, Melbourne - 0410 893 930
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Nina

Establishment : Motel room @ 233 Collins st.

Date of Visit : 6th Nov 2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : http://melbourne.locanto.com.au/ID_3...t-for-you.html

Hours of Business : 10am to 10pm / Late / 7 days

Rates : $60 / 45 mins 

Age : Early 20's

Size/shape : 12-14, but in a good way. Busty and curvy. 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Massage only....

Value for money/recommend? : Good massage.. not sure if you need to be a regular

My experience/comments : This place started advertising recently and not too far from my office in the city so thought I'd give it a punt. Looking at the locanto ad convinced me it was the kind of place I was looking for. Sexy photo, check. Cash only, check. "This is a secret world full of pleasure for men..." CHECK. Jesus if this wasn't a decent RnT I should sue for false advertising.

Anyway I walk in after a couple of "hello darling" SMS's. Got buzzed through to the private appt and shown to the room. Box of tissues in the corner, CHECK. And there was a fucking pink nurses outfit hanging on the wall too. WTF.

So in walks Nina. Very cute and friendly. Bit curvy if thats what you like, and I do. About 10 minutes in I realised this was not going to end the way I wanted. She steered clear of everything that counted and kept moving the towel around to cover up the bits she wasn't working on. The massage itself was pretty good, particularly the head massage (the one on my neck) which I'm in to when they do it.

I asked how long she was there for and which days she worked - "I don't know yet, it's my first day." I didn't push it after that. I didn't want to be that guy who asked if she'd do extras on her first day.

Anyway - TOFTT, again. Also putting this place out there in case anyone else has better luck there. I hope someone does. The place was nice, and the three girls working there were cute. And it's close to work! The ad also says to me that something else IS on offer, plus the nurses outfit of course. Maybe have to be a regular.


