Thread Title: Pauline? - Coburg - 0434 510 911
Floor: #1
Post Time: 29th January 2019, 04:41 PM
Poster ID: bond.patty
Post Title: 
 Pauline? - Coburg - 0434 510 911
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : I think it may be Paulina

Establishment : Private, Coburg

Date of Visit : January 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : posts on locanto

Phone : 0434 510 911

Hours of Business : 

Rates : 100 

Age : 32 

Size/shape : Slim, great boobs

Nationality or Ethnicity : European

Services Provided : BBBJ, reports extras - not sure what

Value for money/recommend? : Great BJ, surroundings a bit odd

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

Went to see this lady for a BJ, had read some positive feedback on the ad. Pretty quick to respond and organise, which was great. Showed up, escorted in to see her. Apartment was full of weird stuff, could tell had been smoking inside. Financials sorted, 100 for BBBJ, did not say anything about her extras although there were apparently extras to 150 total on the ad. Had a great BJ, started slow licking the tip, really working the balls, she was great. Took her time, close to the advertised 30 minutes. Tried to get her completely naked but did not succeed. Did play with her kitty through her panties, and get a great BJ. Amazing pair of tits and her eyes are gorgeous. Does not shave her pits though, so if that grosses you out, avoid. At the end of it all, I tried to warn her that I was going to blow, she did not catch on...ended up spraying some in her mouth and a lot all over the bed. Not sure I would return as I got a bit of a weird vibe off her, but the BJ was great.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 29th January 2019, 07:30 PM
Poster ID: sleazyryder
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Firstly no link to Locanto! WTF is one supposed to do? Then "reports" from where pray tell?

This is one review that probably should not have been posted. It is dodgy afaict and you would contact the number at your own risk.

Don't know that I would be happy to attempt contact with this number

Google search reveals the risk. 

https://www.google.com.au/search?cli...30.ZnpdQhY5zuU

So punt at your own risk. This review is likely bogus as.

Dodgy is likely the name you were looking for instead of Pauline?

SR.


