Thread Title: Pepper Red - North Melbourne - 0406 201 924
Floor: #1
Post Time: 25th April 2016, 02:42 PM
Poster ID: hdpgl
Post Title: 
 Pepper Red - North Melbourne - 0406 201 924
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Pepper Red

Establishment : Private appt in North Melbourne

Date of Visit : 19/4/2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : ad on cracker: Pepper's Erotic Massage~Avail Thurs 21st April - Melbourne body rubs - cracker.com.au

Hours of Business : 2-9

Rates : 220/hr

Age : 30's
Size/shape : slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : massage, body slide, hj

Value for money/recommend? : yes

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)
I was intrigued by Pepper's ad for tantric massage and body slide so rang her. Booking was easy, and she sounded nice on the phone. Gave me the address and at the allotted time she rang me and gave me number of her appt to ring on door on street (North Melbourne).
Immediately hit if off on entering, she's much prettier than her pics on cracker show. She was able to give me some remedial work that I really appreciated due to some issues at the time. Then I saw she slipped her panties off (was in lingerie to start),  and commenced body slide. I must say she gets into her work and obviously loves what she does. I turned over and the rest was not hurried and was lovely and intimate. We felt like old friends. She is a warm and genuinely nice person, so really enjoyed the time. 
Had another shower and then a nice hug on leaving, her saying she enjoyed our time together, which I felt was genuine.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 25th April 2016, 02:53 PM
Poster ID: WOTAN01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by hdpgl


Person's Name : Pepper Red

Establishment : Private appt in North Melbourne

Date of Visit : 19/4/2016
 ..................
Had another shower and then a nice hug on leaving, her saying she enjoyed our time together, which I felt was genuine
"""



Good to see you back reviewing hdpgl.


