Thread Title: Rachel - Doncaster (incall and outcall) - 0448 827 382
Floor: #1
Post Time: 8th March 2018, 11:43 AM
Poster ID: sribrah
Post Title: 
 Rachel - Doncaster (incall and outcall) - 0448 827 382
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Rachel 

Establishment : Private residence 

Date of Visit : 8th march 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.gumtree.com.au/s-ad/donc...now/1177341729

Hours of Business : 9 am - 5 pm 

Rates : $70 1 hour, $100 for 90 mins 

Age : Says she is 27 however looks mid 30s 

Size/shape : Slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : Massage (lomi lomi & balinese mix)  + hand relief 

Value for money/recommend? : Yeah

My experience/comments : 

 So I came across her advertisement and just texted her to see what her availability is like . We texted back and forth for a few hours to arrange a booking. At no point did I ask for extras, I remained respectful and didn't come off as a perv looking for a RnT.

She agreed to a 1 hour massage at 9.30 am booking today , she didn't charge anything extra for the outcall so I figured $70 for 1 hour massage outcall is good value.

She arrived right on time at 9.30 am and gave a call that she's outside. She has a very spiritual personality and is very friendly, she's covered in a lot of tattoos and piercings. She came in my room to set up her massage table . My room is quite small so it took a while for her to set it up so she can move around the table, and we got going straight away.

If you prefer no draping then let her know before you make the booking , she is OK with doing the massage with or without draping. I asked for no draping as it feels more comfortable for me.

Massage was great, she used a lot of oil and was very professional throughout the whole massage, before and after the flip. She took notice of my semi boner but continued the massage without making any contact, went on for the full hour and an extra 10 minutes. She is not a clock watcher and will listen to any of your needs. 

At the end she ran her fingers around my crotch ( still making no contact with my penis) and asked if I would accept a hand relief, I agreed and tried to negotiate her rate of $50 down to $30 but she wouldn't go down from $50, so we agreed to $50 

The HJ was very slow, she massaged around my cock for a while slowly while making light contact here and there and slowly started making contact with my sack and cock, everything was like in slow motion , (play a Youtube video in 0.25 speed, that's what it was like lol) 

Halfway through she took down her top revealing her perky tits, at first she said I can only touch her bum but as time went on she was ok with me fondling with her tits. She didn't allow me to touch her pussy as she was on her period. I blew my load after 10 minutes or so of slow stroking. 

We had a small chat after my orgasm discussing her life, work, etc. She told me she doesn't offer hand relief to all her clients and that she has refused to meet some clients, mentioning that some people text her and the first thing they ask is if she does extras, so be respectful to her until the massage ends and if she doesn't feel violated or insulted she will offer you a HJ, although, YMMV


Floor: #2
Post Time: 6th January 2019, 01:36 AM
Poster ID: sribrah
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Rachel

Establishment : Private (my home)

Date of Visit : 5th Jan 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : PM me for more info, she doesn't want her personal info shared I want to make sure you don't too. She is very picky on how she selects her clients and might reject seeing you if you ask about extras over phone/text

Phone : As above

Hours of Business : Unknown

Rates : $60 for 45 mins massage , exclusive of extras

Age : 27

Size/shape : Slim, tall

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian born but mixed (italian). 

Services Provided : Massage + HR

Value for money/recommend? : A 100,000,000 billion percent yes

My experience/comments : 

This review may be hard to believe for some, but everything I'm about to write is exactly as the session happened and this is possibly the best RnT I've had my whole life. 

I last met Rachel in 2018 , as my previous review states it was in March. I got her number from one of the users here on the forum. She has been travelling all over the world and it's very hard to get a booking with her, not because she has other appointments but because she doesn't stay in one place

I started texting her and she said that she vaguely remembers me from last year but would have to meet me to confirm. I have been trying to book with her for the past few weeks, everytime it was me being busy and not being able to fit in her schedule or her being busy and me not being able to fit in my schedule. 

I finished work at 9 today and was going to go on a long ride home. I texted Rachel asking if she does late bookings. She responds saying that she does mobile massage when it's late. I asked her if she can come to my place at 10.30pm and i was expecting her to say no, but surprisingly she was ok with it and we confirmed the booking. I told her not to bring her massage table and that we can use the bed instead. I tell her that I am living in a shared home for rent and there are other housemates, someone coming for a massage at almost midnight will be weird. She understood. I also asked her to wear casual clothing just so she doesnt look like a "massage therapist". She said no problem to that too. 

I came home, had a shower and was waiting for her. She was 15 mins late but arrived in her Mitsubishi Express van and parks on the street. 

We meet and greet outside. She was wearing a short sleeve top and leggings. I tell her that if anyone asks just to tell my housemates that we're old friends. We chat for a bit outside and caught up like we were old highschool friends, she said she remembers me from last year and asked me why i moved houses and all that. 

I guide her into my room and luckily there were no others in the house to spot her coming into my room. 

Bit more chit chat of her asking me what I've been upto and vice versa. She said that she has been travelling to Europe (where she got robbed by her own boyfriend, more on that later in the review) , doing yoga, exercising, meditating, etc etc. She's a very spiritual girl..has a strange but positive vibe to her. 

She didn't even mind that time we spent chatting, she asked if she can use the microwave in my room to heat up her massage oil to which i said ok. I striped down and laid down on the bed. Massage begins with no draping and she tells me that she's leaving Melbourne in 2 days to travel to India for a holiday. Didn't specify when she'll be back though. 

The massage was uncomfortable for her as my bed is very low and she had to get on the bed to do the massage properly. It was a mix of lomi and relaxation. There were no credit card swipes or sensual touching like you would get in a RNT massage parlor. She remained professional throughout the massage.

35 mins gone and she asks me to turn around. I used my pillow to adjust my head and get a better view of what's going to happen. 

For me this was the most enjoyable part of the session. She began massaging around my belly, pubic area while avoiding the groin but there were a few brushes here and there. We just chatted like we were old friends that wanted to know what each other has been upto.

She says she traveled to Europe in August 2018 with her boyfriend and her own bf got high on drugs , tackled her to the ground and robbed her money. She goes on to say that she made a lot of money with her boyfriend by selling weed, and that she couldn't go to the police to report her bf because she would have been questioned on how she got the money. Ever since then she says she doesnt let anyone get too close to her. 


Conversation continues where she goes on to say that she has also been living in her van when she has traveled to other states, in Melbourne she lives in her sister's place. 

All this conversation was going on while she was just brushing against my privates while massaging, it was hard (pun intended) for me to keep the convo going as i was getting turned on too much.

Massage ends and she asks where she can wash her hands, i tell her the bathroom is just next to my room. I asked her straight up if she does any extras. 

She responds saying "Just hand relief..i usually do it for $60 but i can do $50 for you" 

I didn't negotiate at all and agreed. 

She sat on the bed near my feet and started her own lingam massage. She used a lot of oil which made the HJ have almost no effect on me. It was pleasurable but she was having trouble making me cum. She tries a lot of techniques, slow, fast, hard, soft for like 10 mins until I signal to her that I'll take over. I stroke for a few mins and let her continue. I'm still not close to cumming.

"Is it going to happen?" She asks and giggles. 

"Sorry i'm just way too tired today that's why its taking so long". 

I take over again and go at it. I asked if she can be topless as she did it last time...she said she can't as it's her period. I don't think she was telling the truth here, 1 year ago she told me the same thing. 

I come close to cumming and tell her to take over, and she takes me over the line. 

She wipes me off with tissues and uses the bathroom. I dress up, pay her half in cash and the other half sent to her bank account via mobile bank transfer. 

I get up and wipe myself off with my own towel, she packs up her oils and other stuff. Before she walks out the door I give her a $20 tip. We walk out the house together, she gives me a long tight hug and i wish her a safe flight. She says that we'll be in touch. 


I can honestly say that this was by far the best "paid" sexual experience I've had. My first meeting with Rachel (first review) was like two strangers meeting and there was no connection. This time it was like we were two friends meeting after a long time and she remembers things i told her almost 1 year ago! How crazy is that? She does massage to collect money to travel around the world. I don't have a photo of her but she's like an average chill hipster girl, imagine someone like her but 10 years older . This is just a google photo to give an idea of what a younger version of her would have looked like, not actual photo https://i.pinimg.com/236x/7e/33/ba/7...oo-sleeves.jpg Quite cute too with all her tattoos and piercings. 

Total of $130 spent (including a $20 tip). 

0 regrets.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 7th January 2019, 12:04 AM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Shribrah of all the Melbourne reviewers yours are the most interesting to read


Floor: #4
Post Time: 7th January 2019, 05:06 PM
Poster ID: pancho
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by brauninc


Shribrah of all the Melbourne reviewers yours are the most interesting to rea
"""



Gee thanks Brauny.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 7th January 2019, 08:18 PM
Poster ID: sribrah
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks guys and also a tip to anyone who wants to book with her don't talk shit about vegans. During the massage she asked why i moved houses and i told her that one of the housemates of my previous place was a vegan that was throwing away my food in the fridge. I went on to say how she was a bitch and talked shit about vegans for a few mins then Rachel goes

"I'm a vegan too"

I turned red and lost my bonrar at that point and tried my best to cover up..."ohhh...well yea not all vegans are bad".

She mightve done topless again for me if i didnt say all this dumb shit about vegans. 

Was awkward af


Floor: #6
Post Time: 7th January 2019, 11:35 PM
Poster ID: sleazyryder
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
This is the thread that continues some intel and discussion in Silver

https://auxxxreviews.com/forum/f307/...lbourne-59540/

Now Bronzers don't despair. Post more reviews and you will soon be at silver status. There is mostly interest only in this thread by Silvers and Gold in any case well to date that is.

So if Rachel delays her departure take the punt she is well worth the money. 


SR.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 13th January 2019, 11:11 AM
Poster ID: Lucky7z
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I am keen to give her a try, but i cant seem to find a valid ad from her? As a first client how should i reply if shes asks where i got her contact.


Floor: #8
Post Time: 13th January 2019, 05:09 PM
Poster ID: Stroke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by bboy7z


I am keen to give her a try, but i cant seem to find a valid ad from her? As a first client how should i reply if shes asks where i got her contact
"""



Be creative?     Recommended by my friend Barry......


Floor: #9
Post Time: 13th January 2019, 06:19 PM
Poster ID: sleazyryder
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by bboy7z


I am keen to give her a try, but i cant seem to find a valid ad from her? As a first client how should i reply if shes asks where i got her contact
"""



Unfortunately Rachel has racked off for the time being. Hence ads have been removed and mob switched to voicemail.

She will return from her sojourn sometime this year hopefully.

Sad to say ...

Stroker has given you a great tip. Pack it in your kitbag for next time. Barry said you were just great and recommended you highly. Then play dumb when face to face apologise for doubting Barry who is now very bashful. 



SR.


