Thread Title: Rana - Fitzroy - 0434 570 999
Floor: #1
Post Time: 26th August 2015, 10:23 AM
Poster ID: jadaya
Post Title: 
 Rana - Fitzroy - 0434 570 999
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Rana

Establishment : 275 smith st fitzroy[

Date of Visit : 18/08/15

Contact Details/Address/Weblink 0434570999

[COLOR=#333333][I]Hours of Business : by appointment 

Rates : $90hr

Age : looked 45

Size/shape : tall size 14-16

ationality or Ethnicity : kiwi

Services Provided : lomi lomi massage

Value for money/recommend? : not sure

My experience/comments : I saw rana's ad on locanto and sent her a msg asking if she was available on the same afternoon, she had few availabilities and I made the appointment to see her in fitzroy at 6.30pm.

when I got there I realized this is where holly works, anyways when I walked in she told me that everyone has gone home and we were the only people there  bonus!!

in to the room changed into my birthday suit and onto the table, then she came back and started the massage, I asked for the most sensual lomi and she said no problem..... my hopes are getting higher and higher.....
her massage wasn't sensual its was more of a mixture of lomi lomi and deep tissue, I'm not a big fan of deep tissue so I couldn't really enjoy it!! so I started talking to her and she was pretty friendly, we were like too old friends I have her few tips to make it sensual and she listens to me but there was too much of deep tissue in her technique, there were few under body strokes with few touches of the boys, so I thought definitely I'm gonna get a hj.....

she got me to roll over and started the massage with my chest bending over my body and giving a good feel of her D cups, I thought that was time and asked about extras and she said I don't do that!!  I tried all my charming tricks I learnt over the years, for a sec I thought it was working coz she wasn't really saying no but laughing about it!! but No I didn't get a happy ending!! 

what annoyed me the most about this experience was her false advertising, coz her locanto ad says it is a sensual lomi lomi from an experience masseuse, she is probably an experiences relaxation massage therapis but not a lomi lomi therapist.

I think she is new to the industry!! I wouldn't see her again for a lomi lomi but for a relaxation or a deep tissue may be just to try my luck with extras!! 



Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk


