Thread Title: Roxy - Melbourtne CBD - 0426 744 601
Floor: #1
Post Time: 25th October 2017, 10:13 PM
Poster ID: cl-dean
Post Title: 
 Roxy - Melbourtne CBD - 0426 744 601
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Roxy

Establishment : Private Apartment

Date of Visit : October 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : ??? SEXY BRITISH ROXY ??? Hot, Flirty, Fun ? ??? ?? 30 mins - 100$ ?? ? REAL ??? NEW PICS??? - Melbourne body rubs - backpage.com.au

Hours of Business : 0930-2300

Rates : $100/30

Age : Late 20s

Size/shape : Solid, not fat, enhanced Ds

Nationality or Ethnicity : English

Services Provided : Nude massage + extras

Value for money/recommend? : Yes / yes

My experience/comments : 

Found myself on the body rubs page of backpage and found the above ad. Figured that she looked OK in the photos, and assuming they were genuine, I'd happily give her a go for 30 minutes. Appointment was a piece of cake to arrange, she's high up in a fairly new apartment building in the CBD. 

Got buzzed up quickly and easily, and when I got in, yes it was her. She was wearing the same outfit she is in two of the photos in the above ad (the black/floral number). Her face is perhaps less flattering than the rest of her body. I enquired about extras, and they rattled off: kissing, DATY, Spanish, Italian, CBJ, possibly one other, $50. Each. Faaaaark. She took some pity on me and offered me a special of two for the price of one, so I went for kissing and DATY.

The session itself was fine. Roxy is a good laugh, enjoys a bit of repartee, and enjoys her DATY  Jeez she enjoys it, and she's got a sweet tasting snatch too.

The massage was for compliance purposes only, she's got a really nice attractive bod and I spent most of my time with her kissing or munching downstairs. Finished me off with some dirty talk and a nice HJ.

FS is strictly off the menu.

Would recommend for anyone after a massage with a genuine and busty lady. Made a change from the usual PRC bait and switch merchants. Some ink, some piercings. Roxy does not work in this full time, so best to check with her. She also said she is doing this with a friend called Lacy (who I would assume is this person here) and they offer doubles. 

I will return, but probably pass on the extras next time.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 31st October 2017, 09:17 AM
Poster ID: mikemelb
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hey Dean, pardon my ignorance, what service is Italian?


Floor: #3
Post Time: 31st October 2017, 08:51 PM
Poster ID: cl-dean
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Rubbing your cock between her arse cheeks. I'd not heard of it until a few weeks ago, and since then seen three ads all offering it, from different MLs/WLs...


Floor: #4
Post Time: 11th November 2017, 04:19 AM
Poster ID: Eshan
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Roxy

Establishment : Private Apartment

Date of Visit : 10/11/2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : ???? SEXY ROXY ???? BRITISH BABE ????? Hot, Flirty, Fun ? ?????? 30 mins ~ 100$ ?? - Melbourne body rubs - backpage.com.au

Hours of Business : Unsure

Rates : $150 for 30 mins ( Including fake massage , Light kissing & DATY)

Age : Early 30 as per looks

Size/shape : Busty

Nationality or Ethnicity : British (Liverpool)

Services Provided : Fake Massage & dodgy services

Value for money/recommend? : Money down the drain 100% ( 2/10) 

My experience/comments : Let me break down the experience in points.

1.	Photos are over exaggerated, She does not look 100% as per photos especially her face is blurred for a reason, you will realize when you actually see her 
2.	My booking initially locked in for 9.15pm , when I got there on time she spent 6 mins on turning on her iPhone to play music which she should have done already , 
        this is clearly a strategy to waste time.
3.	Massage itself was useless, with the use of coconut oil which went about 10 mins , totally crap 
4.	After that she asked me to turn over and went ahead with body slide and then DATY , She was clean however her Puzzy did not taste so good but she kinda enjoyed 
        it , clearly I didn't.
5.	Then she wanked me off with a clumsy HJ
6.	Time was 9.40pm when unloaded my protein, I was like " What a rip-off" , 15 mins ??? 
7.	I've been in the game for a while but guys beware of these kinda places , Just because we want to try something new compared to other PRC joint available ,  a well 
        researched PM will save you $ mulla
8.	I will never ever recommend this joint to any of my mates , swear to god 100%


