Thread Title: Samantha - Melbourne - 0426 986 888
Floor: #1
Post Time: 22nd November 2011, 10:33 AM
Poster ID: mr_average
Post Title: 
 Samantha - Melbourne - 0426 986 888
				
Post Content: 
Avoid like the plague

Person's Name : 

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : November

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0426986888

Hours of Business : 

Rates : $130/hr

Age : 40s

Size/shape : bbw

Nationality or Ethnicity : Caucasian

Services Provided : massage/HJ/CBJ

Value for money/recommend? : Noooooooooo

My experience/comments : I really don't like doing this, not at all.  Saw ad on locanto.  Enquired, and made booking for a Sunday night around 11pm.  Around 10:30pm, sent a message to let her know she can park in the driveway.  She forgot all about it and seemed very vague but came over anyway.  On arrival, (and I really hate writing this) I was greeted by a spaced out large, unattractive woman, and because I don't like turning women away and prefer to give them the benefit of the doubt (might be an amazing experience) I invited her in and she proceeded to chat about her problems in her living arrangements and such.

I asked her what she required to proceed and she said just a towel (this was for a 1hr massage session).  Since I have massage tables at home, I asked her if she'd prefer a table setup.  So, I set up the table and she took her clothes off and lay on the table.  She told me I could massage her first as she had a sore neck and sore feet.  I like to treat people's injuries where I can, so I eased the pain in her feet and neck.  She then wanted more massage and said that she could go to sleep.  Since I'd already paid her, I told her that if she wanted more (already 30mins) that she'd have to pay and we agreed on a price. She wanted more and after over an hour, I told her that it was my turn.  By the way, her butt crack stank, and I thought of all those wonderful WLs who put up with stinky clients like the troopers they are.  Guys, present yourselves hygienically to the WLs.

We swapped positions and she proceeded to give a really bad massage; think painting the fence but scaled down to an area the size of a post-it note.  She rambled about her boobs being too big, her bad housemates, her health, the "red and blue aliens" and which ones will attack Earth and which ones won't, etc.  She then realised where she was, laughed and said she's zoned out and her mind was not on the massage.

She rolled me over, swathed oil on my cock and started yanking like crazy....really crazy.  I asked her if she's do oral instead and she said "yep".  Wiped the oil off, got a condom AND a disposable glove and applied the condom the wrong way around.  When that wasn't working, she threw it on the floor, got another condom, and got it right this time.  She blew me, and because she didn't stop talking about the aforementioned topics, it was all teeth and very uncomfortable.

Really bad.  She left without paying me.

To top it off, she contacted me a few days later to see if I'd had her followed when she left here, because she was sure that someone was following her car and when I told her that I didn't she told me about how people are chasing her for debt and one woman found out about her servicing a husband, etc.  I said that I really need to go now, goodbye. and hung up.

OK, maybe she needs the cash and this review might hamper her in some way from getting more, but NOT GOOD, PEOPLE.  If you are feeling very charitable, maybe consider helping this lady who is in obvious need.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 22nd November 2011, 02:20 PM
Poster ID: Toomuchtime
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I think that is called throwing yourself on the grenade!I can't believe you asked her to pay you,that is really funny.I will beware....


Floor: #3
Post Time: 22nd November 2011, 02:48 PM
Poster ID: hushabomb15
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Dude, that's TOFTT for sure. I'm glad you survived to tell the tale.......


Floor: #4
Post Time: 22nd November 2011, 07:15 PM
Poster ID: Pacificbrown
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
That's the problem when they come to you.
No escape. Thanks for the warning and never 
feel guilty about warning other punters. There's 
no way in hell she should get away with this sort
of crap.


