Thread Title: Samantha - Seaford - 0426 246 802
Floor: #1
Post Time: 13th October 2019, 11:40 AM
Poster ID: AOR guy
Post Title: 
 Samantha - Seaford - 0426 246 802
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Samantha

Establishment : Private House

Date of Visit : 13/10/19

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.gumtree.com.au/s-ad/seaf...age/1229874906

Phone : 0426246802

Hours of Business : During the week days by appointment
Mon wed Thurs evenings
Saturday and Sunday by appointment

Rates : $40 for 30 min or $60 for 1 hour

Age : 48

Size/shape : 5,11

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : Massage Only

Value for money/recommend? : Yes/Yes

My experience/comments : Decided to try Samantha after seeing her ad on Gumtree. Offers Relaxations and Remedial Massage and image of her looked ok so I thought it was worth a try. I messaged her the day before asking about her availability and she was able to fit me in the following morning which we locked in. She then sent me a text saying cash only with a wink, so I wondered if more may have been on offer. 

Arrived at her place a few minutes early and she showed me to the room to get undressed and also mentioned covering myself with the towel. She's quite attractive and tall. So I undressed and got on the table and covered my backside with the towel. She came in and was quite talkative most of the time. Mentioned she'd lost her license and also recently her job and was thinking of moving up to Cairns or Port Douglas. I thought, bonus extras might be on the table then if she's wanting extra cash. So she had me draped perfectly and I asked for a combination of Remedial and Relaxation. Remedial on the Back and Glutes and the rest Relaxation. She rubbed her hands vigorously and started the massage which was nice and warm and she had great technique and did a great job on my back, then she repositioned the towel and rolled it over to expose my left leg, again draping was spot on. She went to work on my glutes and used her knuckles and fist like I like it, very few MT's seem to get this right for me. Then she worked on my leg doing a good job before re draping and then going over to the other leg to do the same. She used a hot towel to wipe away the oil all over my back, glutes and legs. Then on the flip, she held up the towel perfectly for me to turn over and again draping was perfect to expose each leg for massage. When she was working on the left leg she didn't get close enough to the old fella and he never got excited. When she went to use hot towel to clean up I think she lifted towel and had a sneak peak, but finished and said all done. No mention of anything else on offer, I didn't ask as I feel it's up to them. She mentioned she had another client coming at 11am and I checked the time while getting changed and we had finished 10 minutes early, so that was disappointing. All in all a cheap massage which was pretty good, but I expect she doesn't do extras, but I guess you can only ask.


