Thread Title: Serra Aspen,Tantric Massage - Coburg - 0475 868 734
Floor: #1
Post Time: 7th October 2015, 08:04 PM
Poster ID: simple-love
Post Title: 
 Serra Aspen,Tantric Massage - Coburg - 0475 868 734
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Serra Aspen

Establishment : McMahons Rd, Coburg

Date of Visit : 3rd Oct 2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0475868734

Hours of Business : 10 am till late

Rates : $250 for hour

Age : 30

Size/shape : b cup/slim and muscular

Nationality or Ethnicity : aussie red head

Services Provided : tantric massage

Value for money/recommend? : fuck yes!

My experience/comments :

I visited Serra Aspen in Coburg!

Wow! Wow! Wow! This woman is on Fire!

Her flaming red hair and very toned figure, along with her sweet, friendly personality had me hooked! She answered the door in long skirt and tiny top - absolutley stunning woman!

She offers a tantalizing tantric massage - she apparently trained with Marisol in Seaford (i have yet to see her)

Her tantric massage are an intensely amazing mix of relaxation, and playful arrousal of the senses - with of course the tantric breathing - which i love!
She was in the nude for a long and slow, sexy and sensual massage (firm yet sensual grip). And a beautiful body slide..her firm breasts felt like warm coushions massaging my back and butt..
She turned me over and continued wit some gently teasing strokes up my thighs and then guided me to begin the tantric breathing - slowly massaging and stroking my penis till i was hard - i liked that she didnt rush in anyway (what i love about tantric woman is that they dont want to just hurry up and "finish you off" so they can get you out quickly) she ook her time, built me up , and built me up and built me up, taking me to the edge, the point of no return, then building me up again... i ejaculated after about 25 mins of "lingam massage". 
I must admit the way she guided me to use the breathes and the way she massaged my cock left me feeling with unusal tingles in my body of exstacy..
moments i cannot forget!

She finished with a meditation where she took me on a guided visualisation - and finished with a hot shower..
SHe didnt rush to get me out the door - after our 90 mins session with i paid $350 we chatted for 15 mins after! 
Really down - to - earth kind of woman,,

If you have tried a tantric massage i suggest you do cos its a WHOLE other world!



If you havent seen Serra Aspen i seriously recommend you do!!


