Floor: #1
Post Time: 15th November 2016, 08:19 PM
Poster ID: lygon007
Post Title: 
 Skylar / Sky - CBD - 0401 950 184
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Skylar

Establishment : Melbourne CBD

Date of Visit : October 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :  AMERICAN ???????? Perfect model ???????? COme to see this lovely SUGAR BABE ???????? - Melbourne domination and BDSM services - backpage.com

Hours of Business : Misc

Rates : 140 for 30 mins

Age : 18

Size/shape : Medium height, slim body

Nationality or Ethnicity : aussie

Services Provided : Massage + HJ $50

Value for money/recommend? : Avoid

My experience/comments :

In hindsight, I should have thanked her with 'no  thanks' when we opened conversation as I arrived and  walked.
After my previous 140 club success* I thought I'd try another.  I'll give a quick summary then my thoughts.
- Skylar or Sky is truly 18, maybe 19 at a stretch
- She is not from the US. The marketing in the 140 needs to get a little better than that!
- She is very very shy and reserved. The sort of shy where you  can tell she's thinking 'what do I do here?'
- The photos are 100% real
- She has absolutely fantastic breasts. If only I was 18 again and 
dating girls her age but with the appreciation of intimacy I have today
- I feel the only time she's ever given a HJ outside of a house  party is when she started doing this
- $50 extra, wasn't discussed I just handed it (on top of $140 for 30min session)

She is a lovely girl, she talks, she smiles, she puts on happy, but she's lost. I won't be going back. The only reason I don't mark it as a 
terrible or money down the drain is that gave me a better insight into what I'm looking for and where to and where not to try and find it. She 
tried, she tried as hard as she comfortably could within herself. I did not leave inspired, quite the opposite.

This comment may be a bit brash or unwelcome? Not sure. But I'd actually recommend to people not to see her the sole reason that I don't
believe she actually wants or understands this at all and more than anything else is feels exploitative.
*I saw Charlotte  the day before Skylar, she has since left Australia and her BP ad is  down so it seems review is wasted.


