Thread Title: Sophie - Lalor - 0432 499 086
Floor: #1
Post Time: 22nd June 2012, 08:20 AM
Poster ID: itsme50
Post Title: 
 Sophie - Lalor - 0432 499 086
				
Post Content: 
I visited Sophie the other day. She advertises in Gumtree for "Massage for Mature Clients 50 years old plus". (shit, I just gave away my age!)

She is an interesting person. She is from Babylon so she says. She is slightly plump and wouldn't be everyones cup of tea looks wise but she gave a good service.

I have to warn you though she is a bit of a nutter. The more you speak with her the more out there she gets.

It was $90 for an hour, basically nude with HJ. I probably wouldn't return but mainly because it is too far for me to go and she has got some really weired ideas.

Hit the spot at the time though.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 17th July 2015, 09:04 AM
Poster ID: Small Bane
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sophie

Establishment : Private in Lalor



Date of Visit : July 14 2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0432 499 086

Hours of Business : 10am - 7 pm (She says 7 days)

Rates : $80/hour for topless massage HJ, suck tits grope. $10 discount for pensioners

Age : 40+

Size/shape : Slightly plump curvy - not really over weight.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Iraqi - says Babylonian

Services Provided : Topless Massage, hj, let's you play with her.

Value for money/recommend? : Yes/ If you can put up with some of the harmless non sense she talks about

My experience/comments : Noticed she had not been reviewed since itsme50 went there over 3 years ago. Easy to talk to on the phone but make sure you know what star sign & Chinese Year animal you were born under.  Seems to give preference to seniors & to the clean & well groomed. She did complain that some clients don't look after their skin properly.

Arranged 1230 rendezvous & as instructed parked in the driveway of her secured house. Greeted at the door with her in micro shorts & skimpy tank top with nipples sticking out. Not overly pretty & definitely not ugly. Said she had spent the morning at the gym. Small talk and her fee dealt with quick visit to the bathroom & then I disrobed to lay face down on the massage table.

Started off massaging my back & as outlined above some weird ideas - mainly about star signs etc football, plenty of small talk. At about 15 minute mark she shifted the conversation to 'going down on" what parts of female anatomy turned me on the most while she played with the boys from behind & said "Oh - yes you van touch me" as I ran my hand up her leg & under the micro shorts. 30 minutes was flip time & off came the top & right tit into my mouth for good suck & then left & repeat  while she oiled up & played with a now very excited member. She gives a very good tug & knows how to please a man. A final rub down & I noticed I had been there 75 minutes. 
As I was dressing she strongly hinted that there could be more next time- funny how she talked about "going down on" & didn't deliver. WIR? Well she does talk a bit of nonsense but on the other hand she doesn't have an attitude problem. She is quite pleasant & offers good value for money. I might try her a few more times to see if she does offer more.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 18th July 2015, 09:20 AM
Poster ID: tryhardaussie
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Just curious, how did you get in touch with her? Does she still advertise on Gumtree. I may need to add a Babylonian on my list.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 18th July 2015, 12:10 PM
Poster ID: Small Bane
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hi Tryhardaussie,
It was even simpler than that. I just rang the  number that itsme50 put on his review. When she answered she asked me if I got her number from Gumtree. If she had  asked where did I get her number I would have said from Gumtree some time ago - I wrote it down but forgot to follow it up. Actually I was just checking to see if she was still around. I had been scanning old reviews to see if any WL or ML who had not been reviewed for 3 years+ were still around. I think I may check another few old reviews out - particularly if they are good ones.

Cheers,
SB


Floor: #5
Post Time: 18th July 2015, 01:25 PM
Poster ID: tryhardaussie
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks for that Small Bane.
Firstly for the info secondly for the detailed and prompt reply. It makes our punting life so much easier.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 27th July 2015, 06:53 AM
Poster ID: Elfang
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I found this interesting and will have to give her a try. On my search I noticed that some time ago she advertised in the Seniors magazine..
The Senior VIC


Floor: #7
Post Time: 2nd December 2015, 07:04 PM
Poster ID: drillr
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sophie

Establishment : Private in Lalor

Date of Visit : 7-11-2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0432 499 086

Hours of Business : 10-7  7 days

Rates : $80/hr

Age : mid-late 30's

Size/shape : 14+ but fit 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Middle Eastern mix

Services Provided : HJ, Massage

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : After reading all her reviews I had Sophie on my bucket list. Was at a loose end on a Saturday morning and thought lets give her a try seeing she is fairly local. Answered my call straight away, then got the third degree about how old am I and what job I do etc but passed the mature age test (50+) and she said come straight over and park in her driveway.  Met at the door by Sophie and ushered in to a well set-up massage room with table and mirrored wardrobe on one side. Offered a shower which I declined as I had come straight from home, but she insisted I still go and wash my hands. . .promising I thought.  Stripped off and face down on the table then in comes Sophie with a short loose dress and separate loose top.  She proceeds to massage me with a generous amount of butt rubbing thrown in while she is constantly questioning me about my star sign and all other out there type of questions.  Some of questions were quite wierd but I just went along with it because she was doing a nice job with the massage and of course I was thinking about what I hoped was soon to come!  I didnt have to wait long for the talk to become somewhat more sexulised and the massage to venture down to the areas where we enjoy it the most.  Whilst all this was going on I commenced some leg and pussy play and suggested she remove her top and let me feel her big melons.  Well this didnt take long to happen and before long she was on the table face up and I was massaging her in all the appropriate areas.  This went on for quite a while then it was time for me to hop back on the table with my drilling rod already pointing skywards, then getting a good and unrushed hand job from a very sexy and talented lady.  I really enjoyed the experience and will go back for more one day when time permits.  I guess it was an 8/10 experience.


Floor: #8
Post Time: 20th January 2016, 03:18 PM
Poster ID: a3dollabil
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Sophie

Establishment: Private residence, Lalor

Date of Visit: Dec 2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: 0432 499 086

Hours of Business: 10-7 but can vary

Rates: $80/hr

Age: Late 30's

Size/shape: 14+ busty

Nationality or Ethnicity: Middle Eastern

Services Provided: HJ, Massage

Value for money/recommend?: Yes

After reading some interesting reviews on Sophie, found myself with a little time off towards the end of the year, and decided to give her a punt.

It was a little difficult to get a solid time out of her, as she was somewhat elusive, but managed to lock in an appointment for around lunchtime, and made my way over. 

She asked that I not park near the house, so walked over to her door and waited. She messaged to say she would need a few minutes, which seemed odd having me standing outside, but I couldn't do much else.

When she opened the door, I was greeted by a woman in her late 30's, early 40's, larger but not excessive, dark hair and dark eyes. She went quickly into asking how I got her info, and what I wanted. And this lead to a conversation that didn't stop for the entire session.

I was lead into a suburban house, clean and well kept, but quite an empty feeling. As though she lived alone.

I was asked if I wanted a shower, and I took her up on it, went back into the room and she got started.

Now the massage was fairly standard, if not a bit above average, and the tug was better than average (I'd say she is a little sexually deviant) but what I left with was the clairvoyant reading she gave me after finding out my birthday. Very strange indeed, but even now I am curious about what she said.

If you're looking for an interesting experience, maybe give her a crack. WIR: Possibly to have my tea leaves read lol


Floor: #9
Post Time: 30th March 2016, 12:39 PM
Poster ID: Dlight
Post Title: 
 Sophie - Lalor
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sophie

Establishment : Private House

Date of Visit : 11/03/2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0432499086

Hours of Business : 12pm on

Rates : 80 per hour

Age : 45

Size/shape : busty Large

Nationality or Ethnicity : Middle Eastern 

Services Provided : Massage HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience

I called on and said that she needed an hour to prepare the room.  She wanted to know that I was an older person, 50 years was perfect.  I arrived at a pink house on a Lalor street which she gave by phone.  I rang the door bell and she said Hi.  she is quite dark I hair eyes and a typical Middle eastern complexion with a deep voice.

she had a massage certificate on her wall in her real name, but she prefers to be known as Sophie.  Igo undressed and she had a black shirt, shortish skirt and wearing her undies too.  she asked me to shower and make sure I wash my hands too.    she dimmed the Lights and put on LED candles.  she gave a nice flowing massage which was very sensual and erotic.  she asked about my year of birth and then went year of the Horse.  while she was leaning over me from the front I started touching her leg.  she said she was a shy girl.  I did get her to take her top off after some convincing and she used her boobs to rub my back.

On the flip I played with her boobs which were poking out the top of her bra and her nipples while she massaged my thighs and chest.  My. cock was hard and soon she was playing with it. When I blew, look at all the little babies there.  And cleaned me up.  she then made sure I washed by dick and had a shower and gave me a massage before my hour was up.


Floor: #10
Post Time: 16th February 2017, 12:04 AM
Poster ID: wingmanstinson
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Unfortunately I've been advised that Sophie isn't working anymore as she is now married married 😑

Sent from my SM-G930F using Tapatalk


Floor: #11
Post Time: 18th February 2017, 03:26 PM
Poster ID: Small Bane
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by wingmanstinson


Unfortunately I've been advised that Sophie isn't working anymore as she is now married married 