Thread Title: Sue - Clarevale Street, Clayton - 0432 555 833
Floor: #1
Post Time: 6th May 2015, 02:34 PM
Poster ID: Alternate 75
Post Title: 
 Sue - Clarevale Street, Clayton - 0432 555 833
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sue

Establishment : House - take shoes off before you walk in

Date of Visit : 6 May 2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0432 555833

Hours of Business : 10 - 8pm

Rates : $50 massage and tip - $15 for hj 

Age : 40's

Size/shape : Tidy, about 160cm tall, "B" breasts, good figure

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Massage, HJ, DATY 

Value for money/recommend? : Yes 

My experience/comments : 
Sue was working by herself and had three mobile phones in her hand so I showed up and she showed me into the waiting room at the back.  I then was led into the small bedroom where there is a bed and pillow and towels on the bed.  I gave her $50 and she left and came back.  Started the massage fully clothed and it was very good. I  had just been to the gym for a heavy weight session and she relaxed my back and neck muscles.  After 15 minutes she started playing with my balls and then she asked me to rollover.  She took her top down to expose two nice little tits, with dark nipples, and let me play with her pussy and with some encouragement she took her knickers off.  I asked to lick her small tight pussy and she obliged and we enjoyed some vigorous DATY.  I lasted right up till the 30 minutes and then came.  She came at least once which was nice.

I cleaned up, got dressed and handed her a $15 tip and she was happy.  For me this is value for money - I'll will return next week.  There is usually another girl working but not today.  Both other places in Clayton nearby were closed when I drove past.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 7th March 2017, 03:33 PM
Poster ID: Alternate 75
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Nancy 

Establishment : Private House

Date of Visit : 7 March 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0432032833

Hours of Business : 11am - 8pm

Rates : $50/30min $20 nude massage and HJ $100FS

Age : 50+

Size/shape : Bplus boobs thin, nice small butt, tight small pussy

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese but bit of Aussy shining through

Services Provided : HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes 

My experience/comments : Had a hour to burn so went to this place that has just started up again.  The owner Lisa started a restaurant but it was a failure.  Nancy works only on Tuesday so I said ok ill go with her.  They have two massage areas, one in the games room and one in a smaller bedroom.  I went into the games room.  Gave Nancy the correct money and she came back and we chatted for a bit as I stripped off and she got nude.  We discussed how we wanted it to go, HJ first, then firm massage lower back, no elbow needles or just pressing.

She started rubbing the tackle and soft massage to start with until small head was at attention and she then oiled up and started a vigorous hj.  I was rubbing her pussy but she said no full insertion, just on lips and outside which was fine as she was very wet but had lubed up as well.  I got her to sit close to my face as she did the HJ so I could see and spread he small pussy and while being turned on next time I think I have to give it to her because its going be tight. I asked for a BBJ and she declined saying if one client has thrush or something else she might pass it onto the next client. fair enough.

She got me over the line, cleaned up, I flipped over and got a good swedish style back massage.  Just as we were getting dressed another money printer walked in next door.  As I walked out there was another girl in the lounge much younger in her early thirties but much bigger than Nancy so I am glad I did not go with her but nice face and bigger boobs.

WIR: Yes - value for money all round.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 4th December 2017, 05:55 AM
Poster ID: pancho
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
PERSON'S NAME : Jenny

ESTABLISHMENT : Private residence

DATE OF VISIT: 03/12/2017

CONTACT:
Details/Address/Weblink : Clarevale Street Clayton Victoria
Phone; 0432 032 833
As far as I know they do not advertise.

HOURS OF BUSINESS : 7 days 10am - 08pm

RATES : I paid $80.00 for unspecified time & service

AGE : 50+

SIZE/SHAPE : slim average size body & tits. Neatly trimmed fann.

NATIONALITY OR ETHNICITY: Chinese

ENGLISH : just OK 

SERVICES PROVIDED : 
Massage, HJ, Arse Play. Limited touching.

VALUE FOR MONEY/ RECOMMEND : No & No

MY EXPERIENCE / COMMENTS : 

This was on my 'cheap n nasty' bucket list.

Long story short, by my tastes Jenny is a dud.

She seemed nice & eager for my business over the phone. I rock up & she relieves me of $80.00, and we both nude up.

She wanted to go the jackhammer at about 5 mins. in. I told her about 20 times to go slow. She offered to finger my arse, and finally she found a rubber glove.

She had so many rules & regulations about what I could & could not do & touch and to what extent etc etc., she ought to print an Operating Manual.  It made the whole session very cold & heartless.

I was ALLOWED to touch her pussy on the outside. When she finally got wet. I went under & transferred some of her juice onto her clit.

She interrupted her fake moans with a genuine ooooh aaahhh & promptly crossed her legs and pulled back out of reach.

I was mighty pissed off. She was mechanically fingering my arse and she made yet another attempt to go the jackhammer. I was hard but I just could not cum. I told her to stop. 

I said "it's ok, you don't know what you are doing." I got off the table and got dressed. 

I could probably have fallen over the line, but I am fucked if I am going to drop $80. and then feel obliged to force a blow, just as a courtesy to someone who gives me the shits.

She apologised because I didn't cum. Then she asks me "did you want to put your finger inside my cunt ?" Well take a wild guess sweetheart, I did try at least a dozen times.

The sexiest part of the whole session, was hearing her refer to her vagina as her cunt.

Anyway she made all sorts of promises about next time. Credibility is not her strong suit, neither is pulling cocks.

Apparently there is a Nancy & someone else there during the week. Jenny tries to convince me that these others would really float my boat. 

She might be right. But I am not in any hurry to find out.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 4th December 2017, 12:28 PM
Poster ID: Alternate 75
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I'm a regular there and I won't see anybody but Sue.  Jenny is a waste of time. I complained to Sue she had no idea what she was doing.  Good review cheers


Floor: #5
Post Time: 4th December 2017, 07:12 PM
Poster ID: pancho
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks for the tip Alternate 75. 

I was starting to doubt myself. It is nice to know that I am not the only one.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 22nd March 2018, 09:54 AM
Poster ID: Alternate 75
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lina

Establishment : House - take shoes off before you walk in, 

Date of Visit : Tuesday 20 March 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :0432 032 833 Clarevale Street Clayton Victoria

Hours of Business : 10 - 8pm

Rates : $50 massage and tip - $15 for hj, all up $100F/S 30 min

Age : late 30's

Size/shape : Tidy, about 160cm tall, "C" breasts, long nipples,  good figure, not too skinny

Looks: 7/10 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese, not much english

Services Provided : Massage, Full Service, GFE 

Value for money/recommend? : Yes 

My experience/comments : 
Lina was working by herself and only works Tuesday.  She showed me into the waiting room at the back where there is a massage table and a lounge with towels on it.  I gave her $100 and she left and came back. She stripped off and started cuddling me and getting the old boy to attention.  She asked me to lie on the table and did the nipple sucking thing.  I asked her for a bbbj but she said no only with condom. Then she started lying on top of me and rubbing her pussy against me.  She got up and put the dom on and then gave me a covered bbbj which was ok.  Then she lubed up and sat on top of me and started bouncing up and down.  I was desparate to give her a pounding so after a few minutes I got into mish position and away we went.  She started kissing me and fondling my hair then the groans and sighs started.  This was a great turnon and I thought you do the best fake orgasms or you just knocked out one or two!   I was almost cuming so I switched to doggy and saw a beautiful set of lips spread wide which I ploughed for a couple of minutes then went back to mish.  Now this girl knows how to do it.  As I told her I was cuming, (I'm not sure if she knew the words but got the expression right!)  she applied the pressure and was as tight as I have ever felt.  She has a C scar.  I got to say its been a while since I got one that tight.

The massage was great, long firm stokes with light oil, more the Swedish style and I enjoyed it.  None of this bullshit pressing down on your back.  She finished with a karate chop on back of legs and back and she was finished -40 minutes in total.  I was delighted.  One slight turn off was the two lovebites on each breast which she got during the week.

I cleaned up, got dressed went out put my shoes on and kissed her goodbye.   For me this is value for money - I'll will return soon.


