Floor: #1
Post Time: 21st May 2014, 09:52 AM
Poster ID: hoorny123
Post Title: 
 Suzie /Paulina - East Cranbourne - 0420 632 875
				
Post Content: 
hi boys ,
has anyone tried suzie in cranbourne

cherrio


Floor: #2
Post Time: 21st May 2014, 12:58 PM
Poster ID: jadaya
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
this is the same suezi/sue from dandenong!! and there is a review of her in private massage ladies section!!

here is the link http://auxxxreviews.com/forum/f120/s...9-747-a-16285/

I just couldn't find the link to her dandenong shop!!


Floor: #3
Post Time: 25th May 2014, 04:27 PM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by hoorny123


Fiji indian sesual relaxation massage...., cranbourne eas
"""



Thank you hoorny123.

Here's the ad's text so you may be able to find her ad when this one expires (or have it conveniently stored in your phone),





			
				HI MY NAME IS SUSIE
35 YEARS OLD FIJI INDIAN MATURE LADY SIZE 12
CURVY BUSTY
OFFERING FULL BODY MASSAGE LOCATED IN CRANBOURNR EAST
PRIVATE NICE AND WARM STUDIO OIL AND SHOWER IS AVALIABLE
OFFERING RELAXATION SENSUAL LOMI LOMI AND DEEP TISSUE MASSAGE
SIZE 12 CURVY BUSTY CHOCOLATE SKIN.
..$50-30mins$60-45mins$70-1hour
APPOINTMENTS ONLY PLEASE CALL 0420632875
NO SEXUAL SERVICEI AM PROFFESIONAL AND GENUINE AND HAVE A REGISTERED BUSINESS FOR
MEN AND WOMAN OFFERING
A NICE MASSAGE AND A FRIENDLY SMILE
Thankyou


Floor: #4
Post Time: 4th October 2014, 04:38 PM
Poster ID: andrakis1977
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I've had several massages from Suzie so far and one from Lisa that also works with her. Both services are great and seem to be spot on the money asked for, for a non Asian massage that is.
Yes Suzie is a larger girl but wouldn't call her lazy at all and i'm not sure how her price is greedy unless you love cheap little Asian shops.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 4th October 2014, 06:16 PM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by andrakis1977


I've had several massages from Suzie so far and one from Lisa that also works with her. Both services are great and seem to be spot on the money asked for, for a non Asian massage that is ..
"""



If your visit was in the last 3 months, a review on the template would be helpful.

The last review was Feb 2013; quite a time between drinks.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 3rd November 2014, 07:10 PM
Poster ID: Toad
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Suzie

Establishment : Private situation

Date of Visit : Nov 2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Professional full body massage... - 35

Hours of Business : 10 am to 8 pm, think she said 6 days per week

Rates : $70 hr relax plus 30 or more

Age : 40-ish

Size/shape : chunky - size 16 maybe more 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Fiji Indian

Services Provided : RnT

Value for money/recommend? : Has potential - needs to be developed methinks

My experience/comments : 'Twas the eve of the cup, and Toad was at work: the going was tough, he felt in need of a jerk...  and there we will leave the poetry!

A scan on Locanto for local-ish providers (still a 30 munite run) turned up Suzie's ad.  Texts exchanged and booking made, off we went to explore.  Suzie is set up with a rented room in somebody else's house, but has the place to herself most of the time.  Not ideal, but probably better than a shopfront.  She's a pleasant enough looker, but certainly a woman of substance.  Asked if I was happy for her to massage.  After the drive, Toad was not going home unrelieved, so off with the gear and onto the table.

Massage was her standard relax, which was very oily (cold baby oil used) and not particularly deep, but quite relaxing.  Most of the time was spent face down, but there was an agreement for more interesting activity when the flip came.  Knowing that the rules included spice, Toad's hands wandered during the back rub part and managed to find some hot lips positioned beside the table.  The white cotton lip protectors offered no resistance, as was also the case with the ankle-length skirt, and soon we knew those lips could also get damp.  After a little tickling there was a snapping closed of the doors, but the point had been proven!  Back and legs continued to receive oily rubs, along with some quite OK tackle tickle.  A shoulder rub with those same lips snugly mashed up against Toad's hand gave way to a flip and the emergence of two dark chocolate pencil tips sitting out front of a pair of quite well formed titties.  However access was limited because the bra stayed on - was just pulled down.  Apparently she normally has the place to herself but this day, the owners were there, and she was quite inhibited - all conversation was in whispers.

Anyway, more oil poured onto Toad's Tool and the tug began.  Varied pressure and stroke meant it was enjoyable and not rushed, but in fact it got to the point where the relief was essential and a demonstration period was commenced - sometimes you just have to show even the experienced girls how a particular piece of kit works at its best.  Moments later copious quantities of tadpole mix erupted and after a couple of wind down strokes it was all over.  Clean up was left to own invention - baby oil is not that easy to remove with a dry towel but no other options were offered.  I had the impression a shower would have been OK had the landlords not been on site!

Whispered conversations indicated that there is flexibility with an advanced booking so we will give it a while and test the scene again, methinks.  Keys to higher performance sound like familiarity and lack of extra people around the house.

Not a dud, but proceed with caution.

Oh and for the elimination of doubt - yes, this girl was in Collingwood then in Dandenong.

The pics in the ad listed are not her but may be the friend that I recall having been mentioned in a review - just can't find it right now.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 3rd November 2014, 07:54 PM
Poster ID: aaronwheatley2
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
http://melbourne.locanto.com.au/ID_3...N-MASSAGE.html

Found the same number on this ad which says the address is 362 Clayton Rd which I find a bit strange


Floor: #8
Post Time: 5th November 2014, 05:45 PM
Poster ID: Toad
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Indeed it is strange - so are you curious enough to call and ask?  Maybe Clayton Rd is the other bird - the one shown in the Cranbourne pics.

Maybe they are a bit disorganised.   We don't necessarily value these girls for their organisation ability or brains I guess...


Floor: #9
Post Time: 6th April 2017, 07:59 PM
Poster ID: joelsonman7
Post Title: 
 Paulina - Cranbourne -  0420632875
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Paulina

Establishment : Private house in Cranbourne

Date of Visit : 1/04/17

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0420 632 875

Hours of Business : Not exactly sure but I went Saturday 8pm

Rates : $80 for massage plus $50 for topless HJ

Age : 40-45

Size/shape : Chubby with DD's

Nationality or Ethnicity : Fiji Indian

Services Provided : Massage , topless HJ

Value for money/recommend? : NO

My experience/comments : 

I send her a message then arrive at a private residence in Cranbourne and the windows are all tinted. I press the doorbell and she lets me in. She leads me to a bed at the back and asks for what I want and I say a one hour massage she sayd ok then pauses then asks if I want any extras so I ask what is on the menu. I opt for topless HJ with touching for $50. I lay down nude on my stomach and she puts a porn video and which I tell her to turn off because that is not my thing. She then tells me she will get topless on the flip so I am like ok. Then she wouldnt stop talking, first she talked about how bikies take care of her (almost as indirect threat if I was to act up) then about everything and it was annoying. She kept saying how her messages are the best and her clients keep coming back but the massage was so bad, not remedial or sensual.. i was soft the whole time even when she was doing my inner thighs. On the flip she massages a bit more while i feel her tits (great tits) but then gives one of the saddest mechanical HJs. I thought that she would put in some effort because I listened to all her crap and built some rapport but she just looked at me with a dead look. I had to close my eyes and think of Gianna Michaels to finnaly cum. I got dressed and left, it was such an anticlimatic awkward ending. Will not return.


