Thread Title: The Made Man(or similar) barber & male grooming shop - Ormond Victoria
Floor: #1
Post Time: 7th February 2019, 12:30 AM
Poster ID: pancho
Post Title: 
 The Made Man(or similar) barber & male grooming shop - Ormond Victoria
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Bella 


Establishment : The Made Man(or similar) barber & male grooming shop - Sole Operator (I think) Ormond Victoria


Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 465 North road, Ormond. She advertises on Gumtree inc pic. Sorry unable to provide link.

Date of Visit : Late January 2019


Phone : 0413 130 170


Hours of Business : 


Rates : $250 an hour


Age : 50's


Size/shape : Short and overweight 


Nationality or Ethnicity : Eastern Europe (I suspect German but could be wrong)


Services Provided : Massage


Value for money/recommend? : NO - Not my cup of tea 

I hate to do a negative review, BUT......
Many many many moons ago I made a blind appointment with a masseuse. When she presented, she was seriously not my type. But I could not think of a gentlemanly way out of it. She was fat, she was elderly, and she was Russian. Her name was Bella. She draped me more securely than an Egyptian mummy.


But despite all these subjective negatives, she was a very sweet woman. Her strictly legit massage was heavenly. She was truly gifted in the art of touch. I was instantly addicted.  


Over a period of several years, her ultra sensitive massage became more intimate. To cut a long story short, we eventually used to get each other's rocks right off. No extra charges were involved. 


I was in a stable relationship at the time, with a beautiful and young Macedonian woman. In the unlikely event of any suspicion, I would only have had to trot Bella out for her perusal and say "do you seriously think I would let that thing anywhere near my cock?"


Bella eventually retired, but offered me home service. For a host of reasons, I was not comfortable with this, and I moved on. So did my Macedonian lover, but that is another story sob sob. 


So what the fuck has all this got to do with 2019? Well, I read the negative review of another member. I thanked the OP and even commented "Thanks for the warning." He was reviewing a ML named Bella.


Then one day the thought struck me. The 2019 Bella advertises as Eastern Euro, was described as overweight and mature age. Maybe my Bella  has come out of retirement ? Memories came flooding back to the point that I cracked a boner.


So I jumped on the phone and had a chat with 2019 Bella. I knew instantly that she was not the original. Fantasies of her coming out of retirement disappeared immediately. My stiff cock took a little longer to dissipate.


I have seen a few hidden cam pornos of overweight mature age Russian MLs giving an erotic massage. So motivated by all this history, and a stiff cock, I had a chat with 2019 Bella. 


She sounded nice on the phone, quoted $90.00 for an hour massage, and said that she cuts hair, and does waxing, and was happy to do home visits. Her sales pitch on the phone was 1st class. I rung back a few weeks later and asked about a half hour massage seeing as it was my first appointment. She quoted me $50. Sold.


I rocked up on a Wednesday and I was her last appointment. 
She locked the front door. Good girl !! The shop is set up as a barber shop come male grooming salon. 


We enter the massage room. It is small, clean and hygienic. The lighting is very bright, and she had an FM radio station blaring out shithouse music.


Things went downhill very quickly. Her accent (I suspect German) has a superior and arrogant tone to it. She informs me that the massage is $50.00 for a half hour, "with undies ON". Or $150.00 with undies OFF for 45 minutes.


She is clearly out of touch with the number of parlours, the age and attractiveness of the MLs, the services offered, and the prices charged, in  her immediate area. 


I left my knickers on and settled for the $50. option. I thought if she is any good, I will bar up, and we can then talk umm err extensions.


Her massage is passable, but only just. Three times she asked me "You like ? Yes ? Mmm ok ? Three times I told her " No not really, I prefer a much softer massage". Three times she totally ignored what I said, and continued her own routine massage. I was getting bored, and thought thank Christ I have only booked for half an hour.


I thought things might get a bit interesting when she yanked my undies up my crack, sumo wrestler style. 
It was bloody uncomfortable and even a bit embarrassing. She avoided any erogenous zones, like the plague.


There was no flip. She had used plenty of oil, and wiped me down and left me to get dressed. 


When I came out into the hair salon area, she tried to up sell me her services for a haircut and colour. She rudely asked how much I pay my hairdresser. I, weak as piss, told her. She immediately counters with a price that is 40% lower. Her credibility was so wobbly by now, that I would not let her near my hair even if she paid me. 


I bought the conversation back to the massage. I told her that this is the first time in my entire life that a masseuse has insisted on undies being left on. Obviously a slight exaggeration. Her reply was "I was not  going to touch your bum, so might as well leave them on."


Her business card is very professional and modern. I wonder who is actually behind this business ? Maybe one of her gay hairdresser mates ? The loud radio was tuned into Joy FM. Maybe she is a dyke ? Fucked if I know.


We just did not click. 


Maybe if you like mature age, plump Eastern Euro women (no I am not being sarcastic), she just might be your cup of tea. Despite my negative review, there is always hope. If you happened to float her boat, I reckon for the right person, at the right time, she has the potential to go off like a box of crackers. 


However from my perspective, she was clinical, fat, greedy, superior, arrogant, and delusional about her worth.


So now my mission was to find a quick empty out ASAP. Review to follow. A shorter one, I promise.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 7th February 2019, 02:05 AM
Poster ID: sribrah
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
$50.00 for a half hour, "with undies ON". Or $150.00 with undies OFF for 45 minutes.
			
		

Wtf 

That's one strange offer. This is one place to stay away from


Floor: #3
Post Time: 7th February 2019, 02:23 PM
Poster ID: pancho
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by sribrah


Wtf 

That's one strange offer. This is one place to stay away fro
"""



Correct sibrah.
When I did not reply to her "$150. undies OFF" she then said 45 minutes. 
Sexy stuff was only implied.
She had such a greedy vibe, that I was not going to let her collect more & more pineapples on the way to a HE.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 15th February 2019, 12:06 AM
Poster ID: chefjacky
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I saw this ad and was thinking about making an appointment soonish, lucky I saw your post first.

Just a question, what time did you go and were there customers since it is a barber?

Thanks


Floor: #5
Post Time: 16th February 2019, 03:26 PM
Poster ID: pancho
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
From memory it was about 6.30ish.
There were no other customers in the shop.


