Thread Title: Tiffany - CBD Melbourne - 0421 004 655
Floor: #1
Post Time: 6th November 2018, 02:38 PM
Poster ID: 6uldv8
Post Title: 
 Tiffany - CBD Melbourne - 0421 004 655
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Tiffany

Establishment : CBD Apartment

Date of Visit : 6/11/2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://frontpage.net.au/classified?Post=10261

Phone : 0421 004 655

Hours of Business : Varies

Rates : $140 for 30 minutes $200 for 45 minutes $250 for an hour 

Age : 25

Size/shape : Curvy

Nationality or Ethnicity : Caucasian

Services Provided : Hand job, bodyslide, Spanish, light kissing

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments :

Rang Tiffany's number from Frontpage and was surprised to hear a mail voicemail from
Hayden. Texted to check if this was Tiffany and received “No” in
response. Looked at Tiffany's review (from another site) and
discovered a slightly different phone number. Tried that instead and
was able to set up meeting with her, as well as telling her she has
made a mistake in the phone number for her latest ad.

When I got to her apartment, I was greeted by a short busty girl with glasses and curly
blonde hair, as expected. She led me to the bedroom, while another
girl was in the living room sitting on the couch.   She had already
agreed via text to my request to check her bra: 34H. And they looked
it, too. I then asked if I could play with her boobs a bit, as I was
concerned the massage could take up most of the time, with no time
left over for boob play. Her boobs were heavy, but not as heavy as I
expected. Despite their size, I could easily lift and squeeze them. I
also felt them while standing behind her, but unfortunately there was
no mirror to look. I also enjoyed pressing my body against her boobs
while standing up, and some light kissing. Her boobs were pretty
soft, so definitely real.    

I then lay on the bed for an oily massage. She spent quite a bit of time feeling my
back and legs, which was ok, but after a while I was getting
impatient for her boobs to be introduced. So I asked for some boob
action and she complied with my request. This was much better.    I flipped over to
receive some frontal booby massage on body, cock and over my face as
well. I then said I'd love to receive some Spanish, but before I
forget, to also look at her boobs in various positions. She agreed to
my request to get on all fours, so I could look at her boobs hanging
down this way. They certainly hang down a lot, and she didn't object
to me gently pushing them around and watching them move. 

Then I asked her to lie down, to see her boobs at this angle. This was a great
opportunity to start some Spanish, with me holding her boobs
together. To finish, off, I got her to sit on the bed with my holding
her boobs and standing up to fuck them. This was the best part of the
session, and soon I was cumming inside those great hangers.

I would say her face was fairly plain, but reasonable. She also has smallish tattoo on her back


