Thread Title: Val - Melbourne - 0421 645 709
Floor: #1
Post Time: 20th February 2013, 01:38 PM
Poster ID: Pacificbrown
Post Title: 
 Val - Melbourne - 0421 645 709
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Val

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : February, 2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Advertises in Gumtree- 0421-645-709
                                                    Boarding house in Carnegie
Hours of Business : 10-9pm 

Rates : $60/hr

Age : Mid 20'a

Size/shape : size 8 top, size 6 bottom ( too skinny)

Nationality or Ethnicity : Euro of Some sort

Services Provided : Massage- DIY ( at this stage)

Value for money/recommend? : Massage is good and would suggest extra on offer with familiarity

Experience:
Made an appointment via text after seeing a new add in gumtree. $60/hr and I said I'd make a booking if
she offered a sensual massage. No probs. The house is on a main road. It's a boarding house with several numbered bedrooms. Val is a mid 20's euro girl with heavy accent ( not sure where) she has an attractive face, nice top half but no flesh on her butt, bit too skinny for my taste. She was dressed in a tight white top showcasing perky b's and short mini skirt. Massage table set up next to her bed. Massage was good combination of some lomi and relaxation and no towel placed over my buttocks- no tickles either though.
Turned over and no towel again whilst I was at full attention so I thought it was appropriate to ask. No but 
you can DIY. I thought what the hell as Im just going to go to another place if I don't. Anyway, Im going for it and she's not fazed at all continuing massage until I blow. Offers tissues and all done. 
I am sure she would do the job but I didn't feel a connection otherwise I may be tempted to try on another visit as she is a pretty girl. As I left another boarder was sunning herself in the front yard.
I didn't post in pure massage as I do think extras are on offer once she gets to know you. Another downside is the amount oil she uses and no shower offered to clients


Floor: #2
Post Time: 22nd February 2013, 11:53 AM
Poster ID: DonkeyKong01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I went and tried her out. Everything just as you said. Ok for chatting but absolutely no extras whatsoever. Bit rushed on the massage. Very mechanical and rough as guts. I'm paying for it now.


