Thread Title: Xena - Flemington - 0414 522 389
Floor: #1
Post Time: 25th October 2014, 10:32 AM
Poster ID: Ranog
Post Title: 
 Xena - Flemington - 0414 522 389
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Xena

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : October 2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Locanto, Our NRGZ combine

Hours of Business : 7 days but doesn't seem to be fixed hours

Rates : $80 basic plus extras

Age : late 30s

Size/shape : slim, A cup

Nationality or Ethnicity : Kiwi

Services Provided : Nude massage, Hj

Value for money/recommend? : definitely

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)
After some stuffing around finding a suitable time arrived at Xena's modern secure apartment. Greeted with a hug and a kiss by a pretty dark haired lady. It is her in the photos on Locanto. Sat down on the couch with her and have a chat about prices, straight down to business, options go up to $160 for nude relief for one hour. Whilst undressing looked around a very neat, clean apartment with massage table in corner of lounge room. Obviously her home.
Hopped onto the table and a very good massage started. No restriction on touching her either.
The whole massage is conducted face down so you don't get to see a lot of Xena but you do feel her at work. Xena does have a number of tattoos which could be off putting for some. The finale is conducted by her slipping a hand underneath to the old fella whilst the other hand, which seemed to be gloved, massages the butt. Very unusual and very effective.
Afterwards Xena is not in any hurry to chase you out the door or to get dressed herself. A hot shower is available in addition to a hot towel wash down.
Another hug and a kiss on leaving completed a very enjoyable experience.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 25th October 2014, 10:50 AM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Is this Xena's ad Randy dog ?

http://melbourne.locanto.com.au/ID_2...E-RESTORE.html





			
				OUR NRGZ COMBINE TO HEAL, RELAX, RE-BALANCE & RESTORE! - 30
I use a combination of techniques during a massage - relaxation, Swedish, lomi and a strong deep tissue resulting in a very therapeutic and restorative massage.
I am guided by my intuition therefore very few of my massages are ever the same, because we all share different stress's in our lifestyles our bodies react differently which is where I come into the story...
After a quick assessment I am confident of the blend best for you and together our energies combine focusing entirely on healing, and re-balancing you.

*Relaxation/Swedish/lomi- gradually calming, while lowering your heart rate to a more sensual and spiritual meditative state.
*Deep Tissue- then I go in for the kill - with a strong deep tissue with special attention to those tight areas and knots(some elbow work)
*Followed and finished by bringing you back to reality...


Shower facilities available (if possible BYO shower towel please)
Location: Racecourse Rd, Flemington(Private)
Call &/or msg Xena 0414 522 389(A phone number is required to make a booking)
Or write xena a story via yahoo.com ournrgzxxx

Prices:
$60 - 30mins
$70 - 45mins
$80 - 60mins


Floor: #3
Post Time: 25th October 2014, 10:59 AM
Poster ID: Ranog
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
That is her ad Farti.
Sorry for leaving out the phone number.
RD


