Floor: #1
Post Time: 8th January 2016, 11:15 PM
Poster ID: Lipid
Post Title: 
 Yoyo/Snow - Melbourne cbd - 0403 434 277
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : yoyo

Establishment : private apartment cbd melbourne

Date of Visit : 10/10/15

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0403 434 277

http://m.locanto.com.au/melbourne/ID...g-Massage.html

Hours of Business : most hours

Rates : $120 for 45 minutes

Age : about 27

Size/shape : size 8

Nationality or Ethnicity : chinese 

Services Provided : massage with hj 

Value for money/recommend? : yes

My comments:
Hi all. 

I finally took up the courage to organise a meet with yoyo who was recommended to me by a friend.
It wasnt until i arrived at the place that the beautiful girl introduced herself as snow. Ive read a few reports in the past and seems like most people are more fond of snow anyways so i thought what the heck and continued through. 

She did however present herself very well with a nice big smile. Maybe because it was early in the morning. 

Started off by undressing as I was still inexperienced with it all and i looked nervous. She immediately gave me a helping hand and reassured me everything was going to be ok. 

I went to shower and as soon as i came out she was already naked and mind you she looked gorgeous with what seems to me like B cups which fit perfectly in my small hands as soon as went to grab them.

On with the massage which wasnt anything to go crazy over. ive had better in vietnam. Then i told her to flip me and finish me off as i was in a hurry to go to work. She slapped on some oil on my little brother and worked her magic until i unloaded. Got dressed and she gave me the biggest smooch probably because she knows im still new to the experience. 
All up it costed $120 for 45 mins. 

Apologies for my first post im not an experienced story teller but i can say shes definitely someone i would come back to. Althougj i have been trying to make contact again but havent heard anything back. Maybe shes overseas.


