Thread Title: Amy Massage - 149 Peats Ferry Rd Hornsby - 0424 685 898
Floor: #1
Post Time: 22nd September 2019, 11:36 AM
Poster ID: EvilGenius
Post Title: 
 Amy Massage - 149 Peats Ferry Rd Hornsby - 0424 685 898
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name :  Anna 

Establishment :  Amy Massage Hornsby

Date of Visit :  8 September 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :  149 Peats Ferry Rd Hornsby

Phone : 0424 685 898

Hours of Business :  I didn't check, but I am guessing the usual 10:00 to about 20:00

Rates :  $65 ph - basically Industry standard

Age :  30 ish

Size/shape : Small,  perhaps 5'2", size 6, A cups

Nationality or Ethnicity :  Chinese

Services Provided :  Massage, sort of nude HJ

Value for money/recommend? :  So so. Nothing to give the place an advantage over the other Hornsby tug shops, although I won't judge the whole shop on one visit.

My experience/comments : 

 There is a newish massage shop in Hornsby. I saw it advertised in the Advocate a couple of weeks ago. It was advertising in the Adult Services classification rather than the Remedial Massage classification so there is little doubt as to the type of shop this is (as an aside, like all newspaper advertising these classifications are a shadow of their former selves). So I thought I would give it a go. What is the worst that could happen?

The shop is easy to find. It is upstairs in the building between the hobby shop and the bridal boutique. There is a sign saying "Amy Massage" next to the door leading to the stairwell. At the top of the stairs, the door to the shop is on the left. It is indeed all new. There is still the smell of fresh paint, the carpets and all the furniture is new. Inside the door is a desk and a couch (presumably to be used as a waiting area. Reception is sitting on the couch. She calls Anna to give me a massage.

Anna leads me to the room first room. Between the room and reception is another door which I take to be a store room (the shop has three rooms, but seems to have potential for more). The room is a reasonable size - plenty of space to walk around the table. Again, new paint and carpets, walls that go to the ceiling although the ceiling is a suspended ceiling that will transmit some noise. Next to the door is a window which is covered with a pink screen with star shaped holes scattered across it. This is covered with a sheer curtain. There is a bench along the back wall with various massage oils an so on upon it and a chair in one corner. There is also a sign proclaiming "There is NO SEX Service Available".  There are no coat hooks, so when I disrobe, I put my clothes on the bench at the back of the room. The price list on the wall is pretty much the industry standard (if memory serves):

30 mins  $40
45 mins  $50
60 mins  $65
90 mins  $100
120 mins  $130

Anna herself is attractive but unremarkable. She is wearing a shortish loose fitting black dress. Her massage is pleasant enough, but again nothing remarkable. As the massage progresses my hands are tempted to wander and meet no resistance. Anna spends a considerable amount of time massaging my butt and some "accidental" touches of the tackle occur. In the room, I could hear reception fielding phone calls. Clean up is with tissues rather than the more usual hot towels. Anna then whispers into my ear "Do you want extra?" We agree on the happy ending and clothes off. She removes her dress and bra, revealing a nice pair of A cups. But Anna is one who believes that clothes off means knickers on, although she has no aversion to her pussy being rubbed through them. Her tug technique is good and results in a suitable climax.

Overall a promising shop, but Anna herself, while pleasant, seems a little reserved and I probably wouldn't seek her out again.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 24th September 2019, 01:32 PM
Poster ID: exmelpunter
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Amy Massage 149 Peats Ferry Rd Hornsby

Person's Name : Amy, the owner

Establishment : Amy Massage Hornsby

Date of Visit : 24 September 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 149 Peats Ferry Rd Hornsby

Phone : 0424 685 898

Hours of Business : 10:00 to 20:00

Rates : $65 ph -

Age : late 30 ish

Size/shape : Small, perhaps 5'2", size 6, A/B cups

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Massage, nude HJ

Oh well now that 142 is a distant memory its time to ramp up the hunt for other local places so thanks EG for fpotring this one. Not to be confused with the thai massage a little further down the street called “Aamy” - how confusing.

Popped in a an attractive slim milfy type came up, all smiles. Turns out this is Amy the boss. Dressed in loose t shirt and cardigan with jeans do not looking promising but i presssed on. Rooms are large. Asked for toilet and was  led to what looked like her private brdroom with tiny en-suite. So maybe a shower could be on offer. Back to the room and she took the money to get some change. Got my kit off and lay down. Amy comes back with the change but now shes wesring a pink nurses one piece barley buttoned up. Good signs. 

Massage was excellent with some nice tackle action. Hot towels used unlike EG experience so maybe thats some feedbsck in action. Flipped and off came all her gear revealing a not too shabby rig. Very cheeky/ shy grins and smiles. First class HE action and i reckon some buttons available for pushing at a later encounter .

All up a very promising new addition to busy hornsby massage range. Amy works wed, thurs, sat so for dome reason i was lucky  today tuesday. Three girls on each day.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 24th September 2019, 08:31 PM
Poster ID: robertoverdi
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Is this Amy by chance the same Amy that worked at Edgeworth David Ave with Shelly? 
Wait and see with 142. Appearance tomorrow.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 24th September 2019, 08:42 PM
Poster ID: exmelpunter
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
No idea re edgeworth david. Keep us posted on the hearing please


Floor: #5
Post Time: 24th September 2019, 09:07 PM
Poster ID: robertoverdi
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Fingers crossed!!
I hope she can retain her license to operate.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 15th December 2019, 11:48 AM
Poster ID: sparksy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Gone already?? Number no longer connected


Floor: #7
Post Time: 15th December 2019, 03:22 PM
Poster ID: robertoverdi
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
The phone number has been a issue from the Get Go!
Sometimes it works sometimes it doesn't.
The sandwich board was out front yesterday.
Business is slow though.
RV


Floor: #8
Post Time: 18th February 2020, 09:32 AM
Poster ID: LocalPunter
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jin-Jee-Ka (Fuck knows if I'm spelling it correctly but phonetically - and I asked twice- Gin Gee Car now refereed to as GGC)

Establishment : Amy Massage Hornsby

Date of Visit : Mid January 2020

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 149 Peats Ferry Rd Hornsby / https://hornsby.massagesydney.com/

Phone : 0424 685 898

Hours of Business : 0930 - 2000

Rates : $40/ 30 min + $50 Extras

Age : 30 ish

Size/shape : Average petite Asian lady size, b cups, slim build

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Massage, Nude HJ, Pussy Play, DATY, FOAM

Value for money/recommend? : I think so - there certainly seems to be some potential for more fun and games

My experience/comments : After striking out twice at the new Asian massage place in Turramurra, decided to try my luck here. It's upstairs above the hobby shop (which IMHO has gone downhill since they now seem to be have pivoted away from RC planes and are now concentrating on plastic model kits and model railways). There were 3 ladies on,  GGC was the youngest and first cab off the rank and so lead me into the second room along the corridor. As an aside this room is where they keep the cctv and so you can see the monitor and the goings on outside the room - all very surreal and it was quite funny watching the ladies haggle over change once I had paid for 30 minutes. The massage was competent, firm but not too firm, attention payed to the appropriate areas and just a touch of tt, hot towel clean off before the flip. International Nude HJ handsign given and fees negotiated and agreed upon -  a slow relaxed HJ followed but was interspersed with some gentle pussy play and DATY on my part. GGC seemed to enjoy it, but lots of FOAM I suspect. Back to the HJ for its inevitable conclusion and clean up. I think this place shows promise - so a return visit might be in order. But with the full service places down the road, it may not last due the cheaper competition.

LP


