Thread Title: Beecroft Massage, 19 Wongala Cres, Beecroft NSW  8406 0948, 0451 599 998
Floor: #1
Post Time: 3rd October 2017, 03:13 PM
Poster ID: dickbrown
Post Title: 
 Beecroft Massage, 19 Wongala Cres, Beecroft NSW  8406 0948, 0451 599 998
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Bobi, Bobby 
Establishment : Beecroft Massage
Date of Visit :  1 Oct, 17
Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 8406 0948 0451 599 998,  19 Wongala Cres, Beecroft NSW 
Hours of Business : 10-19:30
Rates :  $40/50/60 for 30/45/60 min
Age :   28
Size/shape : Med, 55kg, c cup nats
Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai
Services Provided : FBM + nude b2b
Value for money/WIR: Ok/Yes

Comments:  
Saw a new shop convenient to travels, called to check availability and rocked in to be greeted by a pleasant Thai girl named Bobby (Bobi?) in a short dress with bare legs. New fit-out, clean, across from the RR tracks, the front entrance next to a bottle shop (with a rear door available), walls to the ceiling, lockable doors. Good start for a new shop, rather near to where the previous somewhat busy Hannah shop closed. 

Bobi speaks good English, is very friendly, and like a lot of Thai girls, actually gives a good massage. The shop is Chinese owned, and employs Thais as well. Bobi's dress, the Cracker advert and the pre-flip TT while I caressed her bare legs and nicely shaped rump ensured no questions where the ending was heading. She offered the nude B2B finish (50), but refused the request for anything more. 

Upon stripping, she gave herself a quick once over wipe with the baby wipes (good sign for DATY fans) as I had already began playing with her cooch- perhaps expecting me to snack!. She has surprisingly big natural boobs for a Thai (B+ to C) that wiggle and bounce more alluringly to my taste than the store bought variety. 

Since Bobby had previously disappointed me with my previous request, she seemed eager to please in other ways, getting up on the table, facing backwards and forwards with lots of sexy sliding around. I finished with her sitting astride my thighs, smiling and lightly moaning at me. A few more baby wipes, some small chat about the weekend, etc., and I was out the door a happy chappy. She works Sundays and if possible, I'll come back.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 5th March 2018, 12:34 PM
Poster ID: yehright
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Tiffany

Establishment : Beecroft Massage

Date of Visit : 2/3/2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 8406 0948 / 0451 599 998 - 19 Wongala Cres, Beecroft NSW  
Hours of Business : 

Rates : $60 for 1hr 

Age : 30 

Size/shape : Nice body, B cup

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Massage + nude HJ (extra $50)

Value for money/recommend? : yes

My experience/comments : Made a booking, wasn't sure what girl I would get, I just needed a massage. There is plenty of free parking around. There is also a back entrance if need be but the front is ok, not to much traffic. Was greeted by Tiffany at the top of the stairs and she showed my to one of the rooms. I requested the 1hr and Tiffany took my money and told me to undress. The massage was firm as requested with the occasional tackle tickle when Tiffany was rubbing my legs. Next was the warm towel for the oil and turn over. Tiffany asked if I wanted extra and take Off. Yes please. She looked good naked. Tiffany then nicely massaged my balls and pulled my cock while i felt her ass and tits. I soon came and was then cleaned up. Overall a good massage.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 21st March 2018, 04:32 PM
Poster ID: PeeknPoke
Post Title: 
 Sky - Beecroft Massage - 8406 0948 / 0451 599 998
				
Post Content: 
Establishment : Beecroft massage

Name: Sky

Date of Visit : 21/3/2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 02) 8406 0948 / 0451 599 998 - 19 Wongala Cres, Beecroft NSW 

Hours of Business : 10 till 7.30

Rates : $40/30 Minutes + $50 NHJ

Age : Around 30

Size/shape : Very nice body with D cups

Nationality or Ethnicity : Korean

Services Provided : Massage and NHJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

Having never visit this establishment previously, I thought I would drop in this afternoon whilst I was in the area do an assessment. From the outside this appeared to be your typical suburban Chinese massage and I was expecting it to be manned by a couple chunky Chinese chicks, but I was wrong.

This establishment shares a front door with what looks like an antique/trinkets shop, a bit of a surprise when you first walk in, but you quickly work out that the massage shop is at the top of the stairs just to your right.

I was greeted by Sky, a very attractive young maiden dressed in a small skintight white sequined and semitransparent dress, the sort you would expect to see on a young lady about to embark on a clubbing expedition.

Sky sky led me to the room where she performed a pretty adequate massage, the only downside being a little too much oil, this is mostly my fault I don't like to much oil and I keep forgetting to ask them to go light on. The oil cleanup with the warm wet towel was okay, but I did have to have a shower home.

Nearing the end of my 30 minutes Sky gives me a rundown on the services on offer and the pricing, I select the NHJ, I am offered hanging cleanser which is generally a good sign of fewer barriers. There was nothing out of the ordinary in the service with the exception that Sky really enjoys her breasts being massage deeply and keeps encouraging you to do so, whether this is a strategy to keep you otherwise occupied I don't know is when I strayed away from that task there was no real objection. The session ended the inevitable way followed by a brief head massage.  

All in all, a nice but ordinary session, I would go back if I was in the area on Wednesday, Sky is a stunning looking young Korean lady for that the visitor's worth it alone.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 21st March 2018, 05:17 PM
Poster ID: robertoverdi
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Sky sounds a delight!
What other services were offered?
Regards 
RV


Floor: #5
Post Time: 21st March 2018, 05:29 PM
Poster ID: PeeknPoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
She is, I didn't push beyond NHJ, but I am sure there is more.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 21st March 2018, 09:10 PM
Poster ID: robertoverdi
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Cheers,
It's three stops away from work.
I will alight from the train and sample the delightful Sky.
Thanks for the review.
RV


Floor: #7
Post Time: 15th April 2018, 05:26 PM
Poster ID: Rayo
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Eva

Establishment : beecroft massage

Date of Visit : Friday 13 April 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 02 84060948, 19 Wongala cres Beecroft

Hours of Business : 10AM till ?

Rates : $50 for 45 minute massaged + $50 NHJ

Age : Early 30's

Size/shape : slim with dark hair and smallish A-B cups

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Pretty good massage, body slide and NHJ

Value for money/recommend? : It was OK

My experience/comments : I was in Beecroft and had to choose between this shop and 41 Epping RD,as I had not been here before I decided to try it out. Greeted by a male asian and ushered into a room right near reception. In fact if you opened the door to the room you looked straight out at reception. Eva came in and asked how long I wanted to stay, dumb me I took the 45 minute option for $50, in hindsight I should have taken the one hour option for $60.

Eva took the money out as I disrobed and left my undies on due to the proximity to reception and she was back quickly. She got me to lay face down and gave me a good massage, firstly with no oil and after 10 minutes she applied some oil to my back and the back and neck massage was quite good as she used her fingers and elbows to kneed deeply into my back and worked well on my lower back as she straddled me on the table as I could feel her pussy rubbing against my legs. Eva then applied some oil to my legs and massaged my thighs and calves and there was just a hint of tackle tickle as her hands wandered up to my groin area, Eva then said that she would get a hot towel to clean my back off.

Eva returned and wiped my back and asked me to turn over and asked if I wanted extra and gave the universal sign for HJ. She said $50 for nude so I agreed and she immediately removed my undies and her short red dress and took all her underwear off. She applied some oil to my old fella and started a slow HJ and then got on top and slid her body up and down on my oily dick and I could feel her pussy lips rubbing against me. As she was doing this I massaged her neck and she really liked this and kept pressing harder with her pussy. Eva then slid off to one side and continued the HJ while giving me full access to her pussy. As i rubbed my fingers on her pussy I could feel that she was quite moist and I kept gently stroking her clit as she increased her HJ tempo and I then came hard on my stomach and her mid riff. I actually had to get her to slow down as I was now very sensitive , Eva then cleaned me up and we had 10 minutes left so she gave my big head a bit of massage and we spoke briefly about China as we finished off.

Eva was a good massage therapist and her HJ was also reasonable, not a bad release for a spur of the moment decision.

Rayo


Floor: #8
Post Time: 3rd March 2019, 05:06 PM
Poster ID: The Steed
Post Title: 
 Miya - Mamma Mia
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Coco

Establishment : 19 Wongala Crescent BEECROFT

Date of Visit : 28 Feb 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Refer Above

Phone : Refer Above

Hours of Business : 9.30am to 7.30pm

Rates : $60 for 60 mins plus $50 for nude HJ

Age : Late 20's

Size/shape : Curvy, C-Cups, Pretty Face with a little belly

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : R & T

Value for money/recommend? : Yes for me

My Experience :

I last saw Coco when she was working @ Thornleigh Massage where she was called Miya. I really liked her there. She then disappeared for some months and then she pinged me in WECHAT (must have exchanged numbers)

We flirted on WECHAT for a couple of weeks and I went to see her last Thursday. She looked beautiful with a blue dress and glasses (I am a sucker for a girl with glasses). Hugged and kissed and face down.

Now this girl has had some massage training and I loved what she did to my back, neck & shoulders. She even walked on my back which really turned me on.

Flipped Over and she was in her element. Cat bath, sucked and bit my nipples, lots of attention to my balls and crack. Her tits were mine for whatever I wished to do with them. Don't you love it when a girl feeds you her nipples and gently moans?

We were head to toe, with my face inches from her bald pussy. That was my view as she ever so slowly edged me closer and closer until I spurted long & high. Some of it even onto her face which she was cool with.

A lovely warm towel wipe down and she finished with an awesome foot massage.

I will be back to see this lovely girl. The Steed....Over & Out


Floor: #9
Post Time: 31st March 2019, 06:55 PM
Poster ID: Just_some_guy
Post Title: 
 Beecroft Massage - 19 Wongala St Beecroft - 0451 599 998 - Ewa
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Ewa

Establishment : Beecroft Massage

Date of Visit : March 2019 - Friday

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://beecroft-massage.business.site/

Phone : 0451 599 998

Hours of Business : 10:00 - 7:30, 7 days

Rates : $50 / 45 min, $60 / 60 min

Age : Mid 20s

Size/shape : Small

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chines

Services Provided : Massage, HE

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : 

Dropped in Beecroft Massage, which is handily opposite the station.  I'd been here only  once before and enjoyed it, so keen to find out if this is typical..  Not a  large shop, and only a front entrance as far as I can tell.

Had to wait a few minutes, but then the manager (at least for that  evening) took me into a room and asked me how long I wanted to stay.   Attractive and maybe 30ish.  Paid my $60 for the hour, stripped and lay  down.  She was back in a couple of minutes with change and ready to  begin the massage.  Good quality rub, medium as requested.  She told me  that another girl was going to come and finish, she was just busy now.  

I would have been perfectly happy for her to keep going, but after 10 it  was tag team and Ewa took over.  A little smaller, and younger, but she  too gave a great massage.  A little too much focus on the back, with not  quite enough attention to my arms and legs for my liking.  20 minutes to go she went for hot towels to remove oil and then  the flip over.

$50 tip for a solid HE with general touching allowed, I didn't push for  anything more than that.  Two great visits, I'll definitely return when in the area.


Floor: #10
Post Time: 27th April 2019, 02:31 PM
Poster ID: Alexbear
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Janey

Establishment : Beecroft massage

Date of Visit : 27 April 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : as above

Phone :0451 599 998

Hours of Business : 9.30am - 7.30pm

Rates : 40/30, 50/45, 60/60

Age : 20s

Size/shape : 8, A cup slimish, long dark hair

Nationality or Ethnicity : Sorry dont know and couldn’t guess. probably Asian/Caucasian mix

Services Provided : Massage + NHE

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : First time visit here so no use calling ahead to book. 
The shop is located over the road from the station and shares an entrance to an antique shop. I proceeded upstairs and was greeted by Pappasan who asked me if I had a booking. No was the reply so he asked how long did I want to stay. I opted for 1 hour and was usered into room 2. On the way into the room Janey came out of thge staff room and Pappasan haded over my money to her and told her I was staying an hour. 
I was pleased with her as she is quite pretty and was wearing a short tight mini and crop top and looked oh so sexy..
She said strip off and lie down and left me to underss.
On return she asked firm medium or soft and i opted for firm. Janey hopped up onto the table and started the warm up with one knee positioned well up between my legs and definately making contact with my dick.
Janey proceeded to give me a very firm and sometimes a bit painfull massage intermingled with one hand just gently making contact with the tip of my dick and sometimes tickling my nuts. The contact was just enough to get ma slightly aroused and enough to distract me from the pressure of her elbow digging into my back.
Eventually she finished off on my back and moved down to massaging my legs and then moved her attention to some very erotic TT.
Off she went to get a hot towel and wiped off the oil before asking me to turn over. She asked if I wanted her to strip off and I said of course. She stripped off to reveal a very sexy body, small boobs with very delisious dark nipples. She started some very slow gentle massaging of my cock and went down close to kiss around my groin area and gently blow on my now stiffening dick. I asked if she did more like BJ but she said no. She got me oiled up and stroked my dick while sucking on one of my nipples and allowed me to play with her shaved pussy at the same time. She was definately turned on and got quite wet which got me over the line very quickly.
Janey only works in Beecroft Saturdays...I guess I know where I wil be next Saturday


