Floor: #1
Post Time: 20th December 2019, 06:49 PM
Poster ID: Kuscool
Post Title: 
 Chinese Massage - 3/2 Hillcrest Rd Pennant Hills - 02 9980 2196
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jenny

Establishment : Chinese Massage - 3/2 Hillcrest Road Pennant Hills NSW 2120.

Date of Visit : 20/12/2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 3/2 Hillcrest Road Pennant Hills NSW 2120.

Phone : 0406620611  or 9980 2196

Hours of Business : 10am - 8pm

Rates : 30 mins -- $40  45 mins -- $50  60 mins -- $60

Age : 20's

Size/shape : Tallish solid girl, nice booty, b cups, a little padding which I like (not fat), shaved thatch, china girl look

Nationality or Ethnicity : PRC

Services Provided : NHJ and massage

Value for money/recommend? : yes

My experience/comments : 

Dont believe I did this but confirme this is a new shop, only opened 6 days ago and very nice inside and run by a wonerful lady that I have know for some time although I did stop going to her shop some time ago.  I would dearly love to return to the relationship we had before but I don't think it is on the cards ... she did however instruct Jenny to treat me well and she did.

Great massage and really worked out the knots that I obviously built up earlier in the day at Bonz, I just couldnt get that session out of my mind and while I was running errands looked in on this place and bugger it the Mammasan grabbed me and I thought I was in .... she changed into a little black number and told me to get ready with a little peck and a rub on the bum ... 

She came jumed onto my butt and started to provide the massage that she is so good at giving about 10mins in the bell went off and she excused herself and returned with another girl .... Jenny.  Intro done and she got stuck in and it was very good also.

Hot towel rub down, very vigourous, may have taken a layer of skin off ..... but cleaned me up and into TT and arse hole rubbing ... this young lady was very good at everything and made me very very very happy.

Have to bolt as I have a family thing on

Gents pay this place a visit it is worth it and from the girls I saw they will not disappoint

Happy Hunting Kus


Floor: #2
Post Time: 7th January 2020, 08:55 AM
Poster ID: Kuscool
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Yuki

Establishment : Chinese Massage - 3/2 Hillcrest Road Pennant Hills NSW 2120.

Date of Visit : Jan 2020

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 3/2 Hillcrest Road Pennant Hills NSW 2120.

Phone : 0406620611 or 9980 2196

Hours of Business : 10am - 8pm

Rates : 30 mins -- $40 45 mins -- $50 60 mins -- $60, $70 extras

Age : 20's

Size/shape : Average height, slim, titties - large A's to B's, tuft of clock springs above the opening, 

Nationality or Ethnicity : PRC

Services Provided : NHJ and massage, some DATY, CBJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : 

Been on Christmas break with the family and had built up a need for release so decided to get one away at the new Pennant Hills establlishment that Jessica from Thornleigh has opened.  Very nice shop, walls to the ceiling and lockable doors, newly and well decorated also very clean and relaxing.

Walked in and Yuki ushers me into a room, settle finances for 60mins and I strip and lay down anticipating a good massage and messy fininsh. The Mamasan is keen to get girls that can provide a very good massage as well as service, which is exactly what I need today.

Yuki returns and provides a firm, relaxing massage that is not overly therapeutic but really really relaxing and stress releasing.  I did enjoy the massage and was struggling to stay awake although the odd rub of Yuki's legs and arse kept my mind in the game.....  She gave my backside a good work out although there was only a little "brushing" of the tender regions part 1 was a very enjoyable session.

Yuki ducks out to get the hot towels, returns and scrubs the oil off my body and proceeds to the light touching that we all like so much, on the flip she asks and gets the ok to disrobe and we discuss what is on the menu, settle for some BJ as an added benefit although no sum is agreed seems to be what ever I am prepared to pay..... 

Yuki's body is very nice and she is probably younger that what I would usually like, but I carry on, firm titties, nice clean and manicured pouch, cute butt, what's not ot like.  She then gets out what appears to be a thin long plastic bag, I have seen this once before and still struggle with the concept. she slips the baggie over the "little bloke" and proceeds to suck, as strange as it may be it stills feels very very good and I slip my hand between her legs as she stands beside the bench sucking.  She opens her legs so I have better access and seems to be enjoying the experience as I am ...

There are a few variations on this theme until I have her on the bench and my licker in on her clit, she is giggling and moaning and telling my not to put my fingers in her pussy but is gringing away as she protests.  She is getting pretty moist then stiffens and grabs my head - perhaps she cam, I switch to nibbling her nipples while she takes a minute.  Yuki then insists that I lay down and she oils up the LB and delivers a very reasonable polish that results is the sticky stuff all over my stomach and chest.. she looked pleased, somthing I always find amusing.... Yuki cleans me up, I dress give her the tip I felt it was worth ($70), kiss cuddle and out the door relieved and well staisfied.

I will be making this one of the regular haunts with the desire to again link up with Jessica (Mamasan) - she was the best.....

Happy hunting - Kus


