Floor: #1
Post Time: 31st January 2014, 07:37 AM
Poster ID: Vambo Marble Eye
Post Title: 
 JJ Natural Massage - Dee Why NSW - 0422 070 / 02 8959 6413 055
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Marli

Establishment : JJ natural Massage Dee Why

Date of Visit : yesterday

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0422 070 055 - 5c 5 dee why Parade Dee Why

Hours of Business : 10-8

Rates : $70 hour plus $40 for nude HJ and $20 for clothed HJ

Age : 40 ish

Size/shape :  cuddly

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : great massage and nude HJ

Value for money/recommend? : massage great, good facilities

My experience/comments :
I have finally found out how to use the templates rather than just add the info after a string of comments.

I have been meaning to go to this shop for a long time but did not know where it was. I went out with the address in hand and found the shop at the end of an arcade of businesses which you find by going to the left of the Itallian restaurant.
 The shop is a converted office and has four massage rooms with three quarter walls and curtains for doors, plus an excellent shower and reception.
 I was met by Marli who is a very friendly Middle aged Thai lady. there was another ML who was a lot taller and good looking.
I asked for the one hour massage and got a really good massage with a very nice chat. marli also works at VIP massage in Crows  nest where she works on reception. she says she gets lots of complaints about the untrained girls there.  Al the girls at JJ are trained.
then the TT started which was good and turnover time and was offered naked HJ for $40 or HJ for $20.  took the naked for $40 which even though she was a bit cuddly she knew exactly what to do with all of her body and accompanied it with the GFE which created a great happy ending.
After that a head massage and chat and then offered a shower in their great shower with stacks of hot water., a very friendly good bye and off I went.
if you want a sexy young untrained Thai girl don't go there if you want a great massage in a very clean shop this is the place for you. saw one other girl there who was younger and much taller than Marli and looked very good - so give it a try


