Floor: #1
Post Time: 4th May 2014, 09:33 PM
Poster ID: yehright
Post Title: 
 Lucky Baby Therapy - Shop 1/66 Constitution Rd, Meadowbank NSW - 0469 707 374
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name :  Angela

Establishment : Lucky Baby Therapy 

Date of Visit :  3rd May 2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0469707374

Hours of Business : 10- 7.30pm 

Rates : 35$/30Mins  60$ 1/hr

Age : 40

Size/shape : Size 8

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Massage/ HJ nude

Value for money/recommend? : No

My experience/comments :Read a few reviews for a shop in meadowbank. There are 2 there. I think I didn't get the one that has the reviews of Melissa and Vicki. Anyway Cici, the owner showed me to a room, I said I would have an hour and handed over 60$. Off with the clothes and lay down. Angela came in, not very attractive but ok body. Her massage was very soft even though I asked for hard. Occasionally Cici  came in and did a bit of the massage> i thought oh this could get interesting, but it came to nothing. On the turnover Angela asked if I wanted HJ. 20$ of. She asked if I wanted nude for 50$ i said no, she then said 40$. I said no, she then said 30$. Oh ok i'll check out her body for 10$. She got onto the table and rubbed her body on me and let me feel all over.  Pretty 
good value really. She then got off and gave me a HJ. 
I'll go back but won't get Angela to do the massage as it was to soft.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 4th May 2014, 10:13 PM
Poster ID: Chalk010
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by yehright


Value for money/recommend? : No

Pretty good value really. She then got off and gave me a HJ
"""
 


Seems a bit inconsistent, or is that just me?


Floor: #3
Post Time: 5th May 2014, 07:56 AM
Poster ID: yehright
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
good value for her to take her clothes off and give a HJ for $30$ relative to the usual price of $50. But her massage was to soft for my liking.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 5th May 2014, 03:10 PM
Poster ID: Lif
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Melisa's shop is the one beneath AITMS. This is the new shop on the ground floor of the units. I've not been there as I'm a loyal custoner of Melisa.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 6th May 2014, 04:52 AM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
This is an expired Cracker ad of the business,





			
				Price: $35.00
Location: Meadowbank
Viewed: 849
Date Posted: 26/03/2014
Ad ID: 404201543

Unable to Render Image

Welcome to Lucky Baby Therapy Centre, We are aiming to provide best massage service and cozy environment. We are located at shop1/66 Constitution Road Meadowbank. Parking are available both at front and back. 3 minutes walk from train station.

1/66 Constitution Road Meadowbank NSW 2114

Services:
We offer you fantastic services, including REMEDIAL MASSAGE, AROMATHERAPY, RELAXATION MASSAGE, HOT & COLD STONE MASSAGE etc. Natural oil and essential oil which is excellent for both your mental system and skin can be used for your treatment if you'd like to. At the same time, we can give you HEALTH FUNDS REBATE from Medibank, Bupa Group private insurance and etc. By the way, the first 10 customers to our centre each day will receive an extra gift. So come over to try soon!

Rate:
30 minutes $35
45 minutes $50
60 minutes $60
90 minutes $95

 contact seller
Phone: 0469707374


Floor: #6
Post Time: 13th May 2014, 04:01 PM
Poster ID: yehright
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lilly

Establishment : 

Date of Visit : 11th May

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 

Hours of Business : 

Rates : $50 for 45min

Age : 35

Size/shape : size 8

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Massage and HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : Thought I would visit again and see if I could get Cici to give me a massage. I was greeted by Cici and shown into one of he rooms. One of the other rooms was already busy. I asked if she would give me the massage. Yes was the answer. I handed over the $50 and then undressed and then lay down. When I looked up after the massage started I was greeted by ? and not cici. I asked what's your name, she said i don't know what my working name is, she had a conversation with Cici in Chinese and then said her name was Lilly. Ok. The massage was quite firm which I enjoyed. Then near the end there was some enjoyable tackle tickle. I turned over and Lilly asked if I wanted a nude body to body. of course. she wanted to interrupt the mood and ask for payment right away. I said later which she eventually agreed to. Lilly had a nice body which was great to feel and fondle but she kept her legs tight so that I couldn't really touch her pussy. Overall a good massage.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 7th October 2014, 07:25 PM
Poster ID: dickbrown
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Yoko
Establishment : Lucky Baby Massage
Date of Visit :  6 Oct 14, Sunday
Contact Details/Address/Weblink :  0470 643 066, 1/66 Constitution Rd, Meadowbank w.Luckybabymassage.com.au
Hours of Business : 10 to 7? 
Rates :   35/60 half/hour
Age :   29
Size/shape : Slender, A naturals
Nationality or Ethnicity : ML Chinese
Services Provided : FBM
Value for money: Wont rush back
Comments:

Having a pre-game bbq soiree near Ryde I considered some options for some pre-grillage relaxation at this shop within spitting distance of CI on Bank St. The earlier part of the day and the shop's website had me contemplating ideas around the youthful age of consent....

      Rewind 6 hours and  after a morning paddle I'm enjoying the sun, tunes, sea breeze and the prodigious amounts of youthful flesh on display around the Manly Jazz Fest. A seemingly endless quantity of nubile nymphs transiting the Corso between the Ferry and the Strand had me thinking of the adage about our eyes not maturing. Yep, all these girls look every bit as good as when I was crossing the age of consent. 
A few hours of criss-crossing the various stages and surreptitiously perving the beach scene, the DSB was becoming too great and the dude could not abide too much longer without obsessing on thoughts of some P4P. Manly has a couple of Thai B2B joints, but the duties of chauffeuring companions conspired to delay carnal gratification. Some goodbyes later and I was headed across the Spit Bridge considering the numerous options available between start and the BBQ destination. What a great town! 

I remembered the Lucky Baby Meadowbank ad in the ND Times and a quick search of the timetable section of their website read: " Yoko , Japanese, Nice, tiny and good at many types of Massage, such as Swedish, Relaxing and Japanese Massage."

       Re-wind 8 years when I had a nice MILF at Neridah St in Chatswood bring in a cute lass of such very youthful countenance for some 4 hand training on me, that I was kind of weirded out; there no questions asked or permission sought from me. Most of the dialogue between them was Mandarin and seemed focused primarily on therapeutic massage elements, but perv that I am, the trainee was so young, and soon to be pretty as a picture. Nothing happened on this occasion, so my personal dilemma remained untested. 

Forward to Sunday and Victoria Road and I called the shop to ask who was working. "Yoko is available now."  "Be there shortly".  When in the sensual massage mood, I normally prefer the value and certainty afforded from the B2bThai shops as I don't see the value in the less sensual nude handies common at the Chinese shops, but  I had my head still stuck in the rewind mode above. Clearly this would be a typo or some bait and switch, false advertising, etc., however, I also pretty much knew it would still end happily from a scan of the website and descriptions. 

Walked in and was greeted by a girl eating noodles. I asked for Yoko and she replied that was her. Clearly , not what I envisioned, but still pretty presentable. The few Japanese terms I know were met with a blank stare, but my lousy Mandarin was easily understood as she said she was from Fujian. The website description was chronologically and geographically inaccurate by at least a decade and separated the East China Sea and the Sea of Japan at a minimum. Today was not the day I was to test whatever age limit boundaries I may somewhere possess. 
The rub was just fair, and a little TT proceeded the turn-over. A painless negotiation quickly settled on her  keeping the change from 2 portraits of Preacher Dave and Dame Edith. Following a few complements on her soon unadorned appearance in the small mirror, I asked her age and to the usual "guess" reply I answered with the question.  While she laughably thanked me, the question did not seem to resonate with her on the shop's conflict with her description under any truth in labelling  requirement. Could be the roster is meaningless and the girls adopt the names on the pages that are not frequently updated. Should know by now...Oh well. 

The room had walls to the ceiling, but non lockable panels for doors. The place is relatively clean with easy street parking. If busy you can walk a few steps to CI next door. Another older MILF exchanged pleasantries with me on the way out. Knowing I would not be making back some of these $ in the later friendly game day punts,  I decided I won't be rushing back here anytime soon.


Floor: #8
Post Time: 2nd January 2015, 09:00 PM
Poster ID: Nirvana
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Alice (or maybe Lisa)

 Establishment : Professional Massage(66 Constitution Rd, Meadowbank) 

 Date of Visit : 24/12/2014

 Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0470 643 066

 Hours of Business : 10- 7.30pm 

 Rates : 
 $35 30 minutes
 $50 50 minutes
 $60 60 minutes
 $95 90 minutes

 Age : 23

 Size/shape : Size 8

 Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

 Services Provided : Massage/ HJ nude

 Value for money/recommend? :

Thought I would give this place a try.

Met by the mamasan and ushered into a room and was joined by the ML. Asked for her name which was met with a pause and a sideways glance to the door as if she wasn't sure what her name was. She said Lisa but the roster in AUS99 said her name was Alice.


The place itself is ok. Rooms are mid sized with curtains and concertina type doors with locks but not floor to ceiling. That said it was still quiet couldn't hear any other punters but I know at least one more person was inside.

Medium massage selected and that was what I got probably about a 6/10. She did position herself where my arm/hand could make contact with the leg and some accidental touches of her leg did not meet with any resistance. Once she had got the warm towel and removed any excess oil the obligatory very soft light massage of the bum, sack and crack was met with the question about extras.

The body and face were nice and so I went the $50 option (NHE).She started the strip and revealed some not so skimp undies which didn't excite the old fella much at all.

The place itself is ok. Rooms are mid sized with curtains and concertina type doors with locks but not floor to ceiling. That said it was still quiet couldn't hear any other punters but I know at least one more person was inside.

The HJ was started and was allowed to move my hands all over her body. There were some confusing signs, she would move around which provided ample pussy access, then the "door" would be shut as she moved her legs closer together.

The HJ technique was not quite up there with my favourites as she cups the balls and performs the motion with the other hand. For me that acts like a valve and explosion is far more difficult. But it does mean that I last longer and het my moneys worth.

She moved once again which gave me access to the lips. I must have got too close, her lips were moist, this time there was a little squeak and a complete move from one side of the table to the other. Then she turned sideways and thrust her a cups into my mouth and access was restricted to only her cheeks.

Had the desired result though and the job was done.

Cleaned up and some more massage of the legs with the odd touch here and there - her clothes were back on by now. She was wearing a nice black top with a pair of short denim shorts. Thought she had a garter on but discovered that was a tattoo.

Overall the experience was good. Would probably go back again convenient location service was good.


Floor: #9
Post Time: 12th January 2016, 02:19 PM
Poster ID: 123WTF
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
erson's Name : Nikki

Establishment : 1/66 Constitution Rd

Date of Visit : 12/1/16

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : I forgot to get the new number

Hours of Business : 10-7

Rates : $50 for 45min + $40 nude tug

Age : 26

Size/shape : size 8 and an awesome round ass

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai (I'm pretty sure)

Services Provided : Massage and HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes


So I haven't been too keen on the massage shop next door as it's pretty hot and cold with the MLs, so I decided to hit this shop up. I took the punt and Nikki opened the door and ushered me into the room. One thing I instantly noticed was that Nikki's waist was incredibly small with a nice round ass that her skirt was covering. She also had braces which were kind of cute. I was definitely getting her kit off today. I just had to see what was underneath. Nikki does a nice medium relaxing massage. It's pretty basic but it's relaxing and had be half asleep until turn over time. No tackle tickle with Nikki (I've noticed this with the Thai girls that have massaged me in the past), and we negotiate the nude ($40). This is where I finally got to see her amazing ass. Nikki has small A cup tits with long nipples. As she was removing her bottoms, she positioned herself in front of me and bent over deeply to pop her booty for me. She then commenced some nipple licking and teasing and commenced the tug. It was alright, but I was more focused on feeling up her ass/pussy and positioned her so that I had a great view the entire time. Eventually the end result came (no pun).

I asked if she worked anywhere else and luck had it, she works in a full service shop on Thurs/Fri and I will post a review in a few weeks once I have see her.


