Floor: #1
Post Time: 17th June 2017, 04:28 PM
Poster ID: Genesis
Post Title: 
 Meadowbank Massage Clinic (lucky baby massage) Shop 1 /  66 Constitution Rd, Meadowbank 0469 421 219
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lidia 

Establishment : Meadowbank Massage Clinic 

Date of Visit : 17.6.17

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Meadowbank & Ryde best remedial massage and aromatherapy massage at Lucky Baby

Hours of Business : 10 - 7

Rates : 
$35  30 minutes
$50  50 minutes
$60  60 minutes


Age : about 19 or 20

Size/shape : thin

Nationality or Ethnicity : I think chinese

Services Provided : Massage + hj

Value for money/recommend? : have to say no on this one

My experience/comments : 

Went there this morning. I actually went yesterday but they had already shut at about 4pm, one thing I notices on the billboard the mobile starts with 0405 (different than above) anyway go in and gave $50 for 30 min told to lay down, was not offered change but my head was in the hole and I assumed she put it on my clothes.
So little chit chat, but kind of hard to understand everything due to accent, so massage is going along a boring slow pace and I mentioned that she can go hard if she wants to no problem as I do prefer it.
Told to turn over and at that point she said "probably better if you extend to 45 min if you like" ohhh ok so thats why was not offered change dragging out to up-sell the time. Ok its only $15 no worries and then told to turn over, she did my legs and skirted around my old fella a fair bit until she asked if I want "happy ending", I ok how much? she said $30 extra, I said nahh sorry I only have $20 on me, and in hind sight should of called it a day then and there. She said $30 again and I said no its ok then in which she promptly said $20 was ok.
Lidia made sure to position her self out of hands reach which is her prerogative, and there was no mention of anything else on offer - The hj would rate in the bottom 5 of all time but thats punting I guess.
She said she had only been doing it 2 months and only works Saturdays.
Highly doubt I will be back.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 8th August 2018, 02:33 PM
Poster ID: 6mac
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jasmin 

Establishment : Meadowbank Massage Clinic 

Date of Visit : August 18

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Shop 1/66 Constitution Road, Meadowbank

Hours of Business : 10 - 7.30

Rates : $40 30 minutes

Age : mid to end 20

Size/shape : slim with B-cup (I guess)

Nationality or Ethnicity : thai

Services Provided : Massage + hj

Value for money/recommend? : undecided

My experience/comments : 
After a long time out from punting due to my medical condition I found myself with some spare cash and time in the vicinity of this establishment. I walked straight in and the mamas quickly ushered me into the first cubicle. Curtains only in this establishment and it looks like there are two more cubicles. Shortly after Jasmin entered the room and we sorted the money part of the massage. She came back before I was finished with stripping. No hesitation from her end as I dropped my undies. Good sign. Then onto the table and the usual strong, medium, soft question. I said medium with soft in the right spots. She started the massage which was nothing to write home about. But there were the nice accidentally touches between the legs which kept me interested. Jasmin was great to talk to and she looks quiet pretty. She told me that she is normally a hairdresser and only works at this shop once a week (Wednesday). After a while she bent down and whispered in my ear if I want something else. I looked up and asked what is on offer. She replied that she can take her clothes off for $50. I was thinking about that but as I haven't been active in the lower department for some time it would have been all over in a blink and that's a bit of a waste. So, I told her that a HJ for $20 would just be fine. She tried to convince me to get her clothes off but I politely declined. So she went to work but I wasn't even allowed to touch her above her clothes. So, the HJ took way longer than anticipated which she complained a bit about. But I must say the HJ itself was not too bad. Good teasing and slow strokes at the beginning. Lots of ball play as well which in the end help me to get over the line and spurt a massive load over her hand. I didn't get a connection with her but that might have been because of me just asking for a plain HJ. Maybe with a NHJ there is more value here? I'm tempted to try it. But not sure when at this stage. Hope to do this soon. Overall a good experience with a nice thai lady that knows her way around a men's cock.


