Floor: #1
Post Time: 10th October 2019, 08:35 PM
Poster ID: Kuscool
Post Title: 
 Natural Therapy Massage - Suite 3 / 5 Wongala Cresent, Beecroft - 02 8411 3050
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sandy

Establishment : Natural Therapy Massage At Beecroft and Burwood

Date of Visit : 10 Oct 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: Suite 3 / 5 Wongala Cresent, Beecroft NSW

Phone : 02 8411 3050 and 0403 813 590

Hours of Business : 10am - 19:30 7 days

Rates : 30 / $40, 45 / $55, 60 / $70

Age : 50 +

Size/shape : a little chubby

Nationality or Ethnicity : Taiwanese 

Services Provided : Massage and polish

Value for money/recommend? : Not really unless looking for a great massage with a little extra - however not open until next week and young girls allegedly


My experience/comments : Noticed a new add on Locanto for a shop not too far out of the way on the drive home so opted to give it a try .. even though the price was a little high

Plenty of parking across from Beecroft Train Station, found the shop upstairs in a nice quiet building.  When in and an older lady introduced herself as Sandy and that she would give me a very good massage .. I had committed to see what this place was all about so went for the ride.

Nice big room, table is solid and comfortable, finances settled and Sandy readied the room and finally placed a tissue down for the little bloke to nestle into ... cloths off up onto the bench face down and Sandy returns and away she went ..... to be honest there is not a great deal to explain for this part other than she really knows how to massage.

While she was getting the knots out of my shoulders and back she gave me a run down of her CV - learnt and taught massage in Taiwan came to Aust 15 years ago and had to do a massage course to open a shop (apparently) - not really open this week just thought she would try out the new location early to see how it would go - her and one young girl (didn't see or hear her) was very slow - opening next week with two young girls (she wont be massaging) and young girls will provide good service - I did say I would come next week and give it a try 

A real good scrub down with hot towels and onto the flip and part 2 was performed by a seasoned professional - know her way around a wobbly toger which was good as being a very visual person I wasnt getting much to work with on that front ..... she worked herself into a sweat (I may have helped by giving her snatch a good massage through her pants - it was only fair).  Shot the load (all over her cloths) which she found very funny.  Cleaned us up with more hot towels and changed the bench covers while I dressed.

Conclusion - New shop opening - Mamasan gives great massage but wont be once in full operation - promise of young pretty willing girls - I guess it is wait and see really

Hope it helps - happy punting


