Thread Title: Pink Lotus Massage - 985 Victoria Rd West Ryde - 0468 869 611
Floor: #1
Post Time: 26th March 2019, 05:38 PM
Poster ID: hamandcheese
Post Title: 
 Pink Lotus Massage - 985 Victoria Rd West Ryde - 0468 869 611
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Summer

Establishment : Pink Lotus Massage - 985 Victoria Rd West Ryde 

Date of Visit : 26 Feb 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0468869611  Pink Lotus Massage

Hours of Business : 10 to 8pm

Rates : $40/30min $60/60 min

Age : Early 20s

Size/shape : Thick body, big natural boobs

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Massage plus nude HJ.

Value for money/recommend? : Pretty Good

My experience/comments :  Looking for a replacement to an old favourite in West Ryde I thought I'd TOFTT here.  It's a bit of a weird place in that the front entrance is located at a very busy bus stop, but it does have a somewhat discrete rear entrance from Graf Ave.  Pink numbers on the brick wall and a very narrow and long walk way to the shop.
I have been more than once but it was with the same girl so I will just review the once.  On first visit I walked down the long back alley entrance and straight into the shop. No reception, no doorbell, no one to greet me.  It was odd. I don't like the idea of freely running into other punters if I can avoid it.  I jingled my keys to make noise and a girl came out of a massage room down the hall.  Very plain looking, solid/chunky girl but had a natural pretty look. She guided me into the room and asked how long I wanted to stay. I went for 60 mins straight up as I had a good feeling about it.

She was wearing a french maid inspired looking outfit which was quite nice. I could tell she had big boobs. No showers here at all, bummer. Onto the table face down for a very nice, relaxing massage.  Quite firm and mixing it up between theraputic stye and sensual with some TT.  when she was at the head of the table I reached under her skirt to caress her bum... no panties on... a good sign.  After about 40 mins I got the flip. she asked straight away if I wanted extras. It was tug $20, Nude tug $50 or blow job for $100.  I took the nude for $50 as the $100 blow job was quite expensive.  She is a very young (22yo I think she said) student, new to the game. Her  English is good.  She took her clothes off and said she was shy. She has a very bookish, librarian type look.  Sweet girl.  She has quite a chunky body, not everyones cup of tea but I like it.  Saggy boobs for a young girl but they were very nice I thought.  She gave me a very un rushed sensual hand job with a very innocent look about her which was quite a turn on.  After a good 15 mins of play time I blew a massive load that shot up and almost hit my face... that's rare for me at this age!

I had a very nice time, but the place is a bit odd. repeatedly tried to call and book again.  But the mamasan rarely picks up the phone it would seem.  I managed to get through another time and make a booking but it all seemed quite vague and I was concerned the booking wouldn't hold.  When I turned up the next time, no boss lady, luckily Summer was there, but she had no idea that I had booked.

I will return at some point to see what the other ladies are like, but I'm not too sure how long this place will last.  Seems a very slap dash business.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 31st March 2019, 08:24 PM
Poster ID: hamandcheese
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Kiki

Establishment : Pink Lotus Massage - 985 Victoria Rd West Ryde 

Date of Visit : 31 March 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0468869611 Pink Lotus Massage

Hours of Business : 10 to 8pm

Rates : $40/30min $60/60 min

Age : Late 20s

Size/shape : Slim, perky A Cips

Nationality or Ethnicity : Not sure, chinese I think

Services Provided : Massage plus nude HJ.

Value for money/recommend? : Good and Bad...

My experience/comments : Tried this shop out again for a punt today.  Rocked up and one girl was working, Kiki. Who I had seen before at another shop but couldn't quite put my finger on wether it was a good memory or a bad one.  As I mentioned in my previous review, there is just something not quite smooth about this shop.  Kiki is nice and pleasant and gave me a soft and sensual massage with TT right from the start which was nice. I took the 1hr option by the way.  I got the flip over after about 10 minutes.  But she must have been the only one on as she had an ipad with her that had a feed to the security cameras of the shop on it. She propped it up on the sink and kept looking at it and clicking things on it and returning to tug me.  She was also texting and taking phone calls. Normally I would be losing my mind over this but today I was quite zen about it.  Kiki has a lovely demeanour and aims to please. Very sexy slow ad attentive tug job. I basically ended up with an hour of soft and sensual cock play, which is just what I needed.  She took her clothes of for nude HJ without even asking or negotiating a price which was also strange.  I played with her pussy and nice little tits and she seemed to enjoy that.  She positioned a wash cloth on my stomach and started a rhythm that I just couldn't take any longer and exploded a load onto it with the sounds of her saying "good boy" classic turn on! I tipped $50 for the nude HJ.
The customer service at this place leaves a bit to be desired but so far the tugs have been nice for me.. so it's bitter sweet. I won't be in a rush to head back, plenty of better options around for the same money.


