Thread Title: Six Senses Massage Secret Mens Business - West Ryde - 0451 771 869
Floor: #1
Post Time: 19th February 2019, 08:07 PM
Poster ID: Das232
Post Title: 
 Six Senses Massage Secret Mens Business - West Ryde - 0451 771 869
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Destiny

Establishment : Six Senses Secret Mens Business,  2/982 West Ryde Victoria Rd 

Date of Visit : 19/02/2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://sixsensesmassagesmb.solutions/

Phone : 0451 771 869

Hours of Business : 11am - 8pm by appointment

Rates : $150 - 45minutes

Age : 40's

Size/shape : Size 8-10

Nationality or Ethnicity : European

Services Provided : B2b HJ Massage while being immersed in a VR simulation

Value for money/recommend? : YES YES YES!!!!!

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

First of all this place is new has only been operating for a couple of months. This experience however is mind blowing. Destiny is the owner of the establishment and I must admit as there were no reviews which I could find I was hesitant, but as soon as you meet Destiny she make you feel completely at ease. NOw I have had two experiences in this VR massage world and both were absolutely incredible. The first experience I sent a text message and booked in for a 11am session, I chose the Lara Croft Tombraider experience. The premises are spotless and the room is extremely comfortable the VR chair is awesome and the headset(HTC VIVE) has disposable protection covers for hygiene. So this massage session begins with Destiny coming in wearing very little and then taking it off and exposing those beautiful double D breasts. She then comes and sit on your lap and slides the HTC Vive onto your head and the sensual experience begins. Now she imitates everything that is happening on the screen. She encourages you to touch her body all over however there is no sex or bj it is all simulated however with the goggles on it feels like the real thing and I was quite enjoying finally fucking Lara Croft. Now she uses many techniques throughout, which I will let you go and explore for yourself. Once you do cum all over the place the show continues as you are cleaned up and then you are given a 15minute massage which was divine in itself. The most important this about this sensual massage experience is that you are trusting Destiny as you have a headset on. Now there is a safe which you can set and put your belongings in, but after talking to destiny for a few minutes I was not concerned. A genuinely very friendly and nice lady. This is a very different experience and I would not place it as a rival to a normal massage which you receive in a shop and it definitely is not there to compete as it is a different experience altogether. So as a birthday treat or if you are looking for something a bit different give it ago. I will review my other experience shortly which was with 2 girls and a full 360 degree virtual room. Be nice guys FS is not on offer here this is about a sensual experience and it was something different and awesome.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 20th February 2019, 07:42 AM
Poster ID: sleazyryder
Post Title: 
 The lazy punters alternative to using their imagination VR...what next?
				
Post Content: 
This may be the new model for the other half in married life.

VR. or virtual reality is nothing new to most members on the forum.

Most of us at one time or another have been told to virtually "Go and get fucked!" Hence the membership on this forum.

Personally I prefer a blindfold to a VR projection. 
I do enough projection as it is. (A MHP joke!) ...

Yes these guys are newly opened and whilst parking is a bitch they are close to a Train station in West Ryde.

I might have a look and if I do will certainly review and report back.

Thanks for the review and TOFTT. Good reading .


SR.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 20th February 2019, 07:08 PM
Poster ID: Das232
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I parked in the Woolworths 2hrs free parking.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 23rd February 2019, 12:10 PM
Poster ID: Das232
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I found the one on one session was quite synchronised. They are running a HTC Vive setup and quality is quite good.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 22nd May 2019, 04:13 PM
Poster ID: sleazyryder
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
https://sydney.locanto.com.au/ID_319...West-Ryde.html

The latest ad on Locanto.

Also the OP has hit Silver so perhaps this thread could be moved to the General forum. Thanks.


SR.


