Floor: #1
Post Time: 22nd January 2011, 08:45 AM
Poster ID: EvilGenius
Post Title: 
 Unit G/285 Pennant Hills Rd, Carlingford - 0421 445 061
				
Post Content: 
On a recent journey home from work. I had stopped in pole position at the lights at the corner of Pennant Hills Rd and Marsden Rd (I was northbound). While I was waiting for them to change, I was just looking around and I noticed what seemed to be a new laminated sign stuck on the wall adjacent to the door to a stairwell. It said "Chinese Massage", and gave contact details, but the print of these was too small to read. So I checked in the various classified adverts (Northern District Times et al) under massage and found the contact details.

Early this week I called in. The door is between the Pizza shop and the Barber. There are a number of other business up the stairs as well - a Tax Agent and he like. Parking is no problem - there is the Bunnings car park around the corner and other car parks off the street behind the place. I parked in one of these, and saw what looked like a back door to the place. Up a set of steel stairs there is a steel barred security door, This was open and had a red banner hanging from it. This is a cloth sign saying "Chinese Massage". I rang the bell and a middle aged oriental lady soon answered the door. But she said she busy. From a quick glance around, there are two curtained off massage areas. Business hours seem to be 10:00 am to 6:00 pm.

First impressions are not all that promising - but you never know your luck in the big city. Might be tempted to call in for the purposes of research.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 24th January 2011, 11:28 AM
Poster ID: SeaRay
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
There is nothing special about this RnT, the DIY wall construction is dodgey, it's just your standard RnT with nothing elese on offer, Pink Pings is better.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 26th January 2011, 01:25 PM
Poster ID: EvilGenius
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks for the tip searay. My journey home from work also takes me past Pings, and their 7:30 closing makes it more convenient for me.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 19th December 2011, 09:02 PM
Poster ID: hoochie
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Ok BadAussieBoy, thanks for letting me know the rules - please allow me to rephrase / give more details to my original post in the template format.

Person's Name: Tina 

Establishment: 285/G Pennant Hills Road, Carlingford

Date of Visit: Sunday, 20/11/2011

Contact Details/Address/Weblink:  9871 1647 (cited from Northern District Times)

Hours of Business: 11-7:30PM  

Rates: $30/half hour, $50/hour (Tug is $10 extra)

Age: 35 

Size/shape: Tina is a bit chubby, large rack, pretty baby like face. 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided: Massage with RNT

Value for money/recommend: Yes the masseuse gave a very sensual massage and knew what she was doing.  The Tug was only $10 extra so definitely great value there - but I didn't opt for it on the occasion.

My experience/comments: The place can be entered from the front of pennant hills road (next to the bottleshop) / computer store, or more discretely around the back where the carpark is located.  There are other small businesses in that vicinity.  It is not a large establishment - there appeared be only one room.  Tina works there on Sundays, and from our conversations also works in establishments at Hurstville (or another suburb down south).  Her english was not very good, but she seemed pretty friendly.  I opted for a "soft" massage on the day and was rewarded with a very sensual massage - hands went all over the body including the crack and thighs.  As i mentioned above the tug was on offer for $10, but i was not up for it on the day - definitely will try next time though.  After the massage a hot towel was used to clean the oil off (however, not sure about the hygiene here - when i walked in she appeared to be washing that same towel in a large bucket).


Floor: #5
Post Time: 30th January 2012, 12:13 PM
Poster ID: Cellardoor
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Didn't catch the name - but seemed to be the owner/operator

Establishment : 285/G Pennant Hills Road, Carlingford

Date of Visit : Sunday, 29/1/2012

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 9871 1647 

Hours of Business :  10am - 6pm

Rates : 35/30min 60/60min

Age : 40+

Size/shape : chubby milf asian

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Massage RNT

Value for money/recommend? : No.

My experience/comments : Despite ringing ahead and making an appointment at this place, the ML lady told me she is too busy and come back later. I did come back after a few hours, this time I rang from downstairs asking her if she is free now - again - despite her saying yes she is free there was another punter there in the room and asked me to wait 30 minutes. Luckily for me, the punter decided to cut his time short.

This place seems to run by the one ML - answering the door and phone call during the massage. The massage itself was one of the worst I have experienced. The phone kept ringing and visitors kept on knocking on the front and back door. I was quite surprised actually to find   so many people wanting to get a massage here - given the sub-par quality. I just couldn't relax there, the combination of traffic noise from Pennant Hill road, poor massage technique and the phone kept on going off. Up till now, I never used to be picky when a ML answers the phone during a massage. I guess some ML know how to handle it better than others.

The ML lady herself is no knockout - she had bigger than usual  breasts - but that's about it.

Anyways, like the punter before me - I asked her to get to the tug so I can be on my way. She didn't charge me extra for the tug, presumably because of the shortened time.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 29th December 2013, 06:42 AM
Poster ID: 123WTF
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Amy

Establishment : 285/G Pennant Hills Road, Carlingford

Date of Visit : Sunday, 28/12/2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 9871 1647

Hours of Business : 10am - 6pm

Rates : 35/30min 60/60min + $20 for tug

Age : 30+

Size/shape : size 12, pretty face, b cup 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

So driving past this place today, and decided to take a punt as I have never been here before. Parking was easy, as there is a decent sized car park behind the premises. There is a back entrance up a steel stair case but there were a few people who must have worked at a nearby shop who were lingering nearby, so I decided to use the front entrance off the main road and luckily it wasn't that busy on Pennant Hills rd. I didn't book, so I just went with whoever answered the door, and that was Amy. Decent looking, nice body for 30+ years old with a pretty face as well. It's a pretty standard RNT here. Asked if I wanted soft or hard, and I went with the soft option, where she did a decent back and leg massage with extended tackle tickle. Turned over, where she motioned for the tug, as well as take clothes off (for $50), but I just went with the tug. Decent technique, and with little help on my part, there was a good explosion at the end. She cleaned the oil off with a hot towel and finished off with a face/head massage for the last 10 mins. 

Services Provided : Massage RNT

Value for money/recommend? : Yes


Floor: #7
Post Time: 18th February 2015, 02:34 PM
Poster ID: Uigeadail
Post Title: 
 Carlingford RNT
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : not sure. April?

Establishment : Chinese Remedy Massage Carlingford

Date of Visit : Thursday 12/02/2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 8872 4561
285 Pennant Hills Road


Hours of Business : unsure probably 10 - 7

Rates : $60 ph + $20/$50

Age : 30ish

Size/shape : 8, slim, short

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Massage w HJ + DATY

Value for money/recommend? : average. I prefer a little more on offer

My experience/comments : I read elsewhere that cici at this shop would give me all I need... The receptionist (Helen?) told me no cici works here at all not on any day so I took a punt on whoever is available. The rooms are large and clean but no running water in the room. The ML is Chinese, around thirty, pretty, slim and friendly. Anyway nice enough massage. At flip I am offered HJ and asked what else available and told "nothing", just choice of nude or not (usual tip 20 or 50). Damn. Her technique was good but I need a little more so I ask about DATY. Ok for extra $20. Getting a bit expensive now but I am in because I don't negotiate well while hard. It was as sweet tasting as I could have hoped and she made me feel as though she was into it. Enjoyable at the time but $130 all up I wouldn't go back for that price.


Floor: #8
Post Time: 20th March 2015, 06:45 PM
Poster ID: SeaRay
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
The SeaRay was driving pass this RnT establishment on the way to the Dentist and with an hour spare and haven't been here for at least 5 years of more, popped in for a Nude RnT from a young 23 YO Thai Student with a nice little set of A Cuppers with long square Nipples and a Hairy Beaver. Since my last (and only visit) they had expanded into a 4 Room RnT in which they had 2 Thai's 1 Chinese & 1 Korean on. The cost was $50 for 45 minutes plus I got her to strip right at the start for the usual $50 for the nude HJ. With the Wife going away in the morning, I am going to shag a Mature Korean MILF in Burwood tomorrow


Floor: #9
Post Time: 25th July 2017, 08:31 PM
Poster ID: raging
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's name: Kate

Establishment: G/285 Pennant Hills Road, Carlingford, NSW (up the stairs, turn right)

Date of Visit: Saturday 22 July 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: 88724561 

Hours of Business: 10am - 8pm

Rates: $35/30min; $50/45min; $60/60min

Age: mid 20s

Size/shape: slim, slender but shapely Thai, size 6; b cups; quite short; overall, very attractive, with dark hair and warm smile, excellent English and intelligent.

Nationality or Ethnicity: Thai

Services Provided: Massage with nude HE

Value for money/recommend?  Definitely yes.

My experience/comments : Was walking out of Bunnings at Carlingford, when I saw the massage sign on the footpath, so in I went, up the narrow stairs, turned right at the top and headed to Unit G. The door was opened by smiling, attractive Kate, who led me to a clean, warm (fully-enclosed, not curtained) room, motioned me to disrobe and lie on the massage table. Thereafter Kate provided a competent back and leg massage. While I usually don’t like massage oil, on this occasion I agreed as Kate’s skill soon had me nicely, genuinely relaxed. Kate’s English was excellent, so we chatted comfortably, adding to the pleasant experience. Around the half-time mark, Kate asked if I’d like a nude HE. Absolutely yes! She slipped out of her little red dress to reveal a slim, shapely figure with perfectly proportioned boobs. A nice touch was Kate hopping onto the massage table and sitting on my chest in reverse cowgirl position to deliver the HE; I was treated to a flash of her beautiful pussy as she hopped on and off the massage table! Thereafter, Kate used warm towels to remove the massage oil. A shower was also on offer. A final hug, smile (yes, I’m a sucker for a nice smile) and I was off out the door again.

Will I return? Yes, most definitely, to see Kate and possibly others. Kate said she only works here on Saturdays.

Regards
Raging


Floor: #10
Post Time: 4th August 2017, 04:19 PM
Poster ID: raging
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's name: Patti

Establishment: G/285 Pennant Hills Road, Carlingford, NSW (up the stairs, turn right, walk to the end of the hall; door is on the right)

Date of Visit: Sunday 30 July 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: 8872 4561 

Hours of Business: 10am - 8pm

Rates: $35/30min; $50/45min; $60/60min

Age: early-mid 20s

Size/shape: slim, size 6-8; b cups; short; attractive, long dark hair; rather shy; nice smile; not very talkative, but her English seemed ok. Patti indicated she works Sundays.

Nationality or Ethnicity: Chinese (I think)

Services Provided: Massage with nude HE

Value for money/recommend? Yes.

My experience/comments : Following my recent enjoyable visit to 285 (see my post of the 25th July above), I decided to return. This time the door was opened by a diminutive, rather shy Patti, wearing an appealing short black dress. Patti led me to a cosy, warm room, I paid $35 for half an hour, off with my clothes and onto the massage table. When Patti returned she delivered a particularly skilful oil massage over my back and legs. Upon turning over, she offered the much anticipated nude HE (for an extra $50). So off with her small black dress to reveal a very lovely figure and soft skin. The HE was a little vigorous at first, but once I had shown her how to do it more slowly, Patti did it well. With time soon up, Patti gave me a really nice rub down with several warm towels. On with my clothes, out the door, down the stairs to the rude awakening of traffic on Pennant Hills Road. 

Will I return? Yes, to see Patti, Kate (reviewed in my previous post above) and others.

Rage


Floor: #11
Post Time: 6th February 2020, 12:05 PM
Poster ID: Kuscool
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : LaLa

Establishment : 285 Pennant Hills Road, Carlingford, NSW - Parking in the rear, up the steel steeps at the back, through the open door 

Date of Visit : Tues Feb 2020

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 

Phone : 8872 4561

Hours of Business : 10am - 7pm

Rates : Usual - $35/30min; $50/45min; $60/60min plus extra $50 

Age : Late 20's

Size/shape : slim, b cups, nice butt, bald snatch, shoulder length hair, sweet face

Nationality or Ethnicity : Said she was from Taiwan but at this time may have been MLC

Services Provided : massage, nude HJ, DATY, ball sucking, cat bath

Value for money/recommend? : yep

My experience/comments : 

I have been struggling to get the reviews out this year for various reasons .... had tried a drop in Bonz as I passed through but all the girls were flat out (litteraly) and I was unable to wait although Julie almost had me convinced......

Decided to drop in here as I passed and the Mamasan briskly pushed me into a room and I was soon joined by Lala.  Paid the freight for an hour and stripped ready for a relaxing massage and what ever eventuated.

Lala was in the short sailor suit with little lacey knickers and was more than up for the rub and reply ... she was pretty quick into the TT and I slipped my hands around to cup her cute little arse cheeks.  This went on for probably only 10mins before she was asking if I wanted more ... yes please but try as I did I couldnt get her to commit to FS, kept tellingme that I was too big... of course.........

She nuded up and started to caress, lick  and suck various parts of my body and I of course reciprocated and her lovely little pussy was getting very moist and the about a beatiful cock and her then starting to suck my nads had me thinking that I might just get the little bloke wet after all .... I was off the table and she was rubbing my cock against her body while sucking my nipples.  i got her to lay on the bench and went to town on her body with my tongue, she started to resist a little (I stress that I did not force her at all) when I kissed her pussy but then her legs just dropped apart and I was all over that sweet little button and tongue fucking her pussy.  

She grabbed my head and ground into my face (no need to hold my ears dear, i know my job, hehehe) ...... she lets out a long sigh and tells me that she came - OK now its my turn but again she wasnt going to gobble the goods or let me fuck her but she really provided a great wristy - sensual, professional and releaving....

She through her dress on and left to get some hot towels for the clean up, on her return she stripped again wiped me down and proceeded to massage my front with continued TT and we had a really good chat.  

I would return for a session with Lala who usually works Fridays here and Beecroft on Saturdays.

Happy hunting Gents - Kus


