Thread Title: Violet Beauty Centre - 45 Beecroft Rd, Epping - 02 9868 1220
Floor: #1
Post Time: 19th May 2011, 06:25 AM
Poster ID: avaya2010
Post Title: 
 Violet Beauty Centre - 45 Beecroft Rd, Epping - 02 9868 1220
				
Post Content: 
Establishment: Massage Centre, Epping

Person's Name: Aida

Contact Details/Address: 45 Beecroft Road (upstairs), 02 9868 1220

Hours of Business: 10am - 6pm

Prices: 30/60 ($35/$60)

Age: Early 40s (as a rough guess)

Size/shape: Short / Slender Built / Cute

Nationality or Ethnicity: Chinese

Services: Medium Massage with optional Happy Ending

Value for money/recommend?: Yes

I have walked past this place a couple of times in the past and made a mental note to visit sometime. The other day I decided to take a gamble and toftt. The main entrance is on busy Beecroft Road, a narrow staircase up to a door with the words 'Massage Centre' and the basic prices below. Full body massage, $35 for half an hour and $60 for an hour. Apparently they also do beauty treatments, although there was no real evidence of this in the rooms themselves. The door opens out on a little plateau that have stars that go down into the carpark at the back; obviously this exit can also be used as an entrance for the shy punters among us that want to avoid Beecroft Road.

On the other end of this outdoor space is another door that leads into the place itself. The mamasan sits behind a counter on the right and asks me to pay up front for my half hour session. I am taken to one of two rooms which is a bit further down, I undress and lay down on the massage table. I'm glad she put the heater on as this place is absolutely freezing, so am hoping it will warm up quickly.

The mamasan comes in, dressed in a white lab coat, and asks me hard or soft and we start. A pretty good massage follows. Have asked her to pay specific attention to a sore muscle in my thigh and she works hard to get the knots out. Overall I would give the massage a 7 out of 10. Pretty good, but still lots of room for improvement.

This day I wasn't really interested in the Happy part of the massage; even though I think Aida is a cute lady with a very nice smile. So you might wonder why this was posted under RnT and here is the reason: 

While being rubbed gently and professionally by Aida, I can clearly hear someone else being relieved of a heavy load in the adjacent room. The sounds betray a ridiculous amount of baby oil being applied and even though I hear no heavy breathing, I don't need to ask what is going on in there. So there is definitely some T included in the R here. Good to know for next time...

Massage    7/10 (pretty good)
Lady       8/10 (cute smile) 
Place      8/10 (clean and enough room to get undressed, hot towel and a coat rack for your clothes)
HJ         0/10 (not in the mood today)


Floor: #2
Post Time: 19th May 2011, 11:47 AM
Poster ID: EvilGenius
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks for the report. My "To Do" list is becoming longer ....


Floor: #3
Post Time: 6th September 2011, 10:46 AM
Poster ID: vtek
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Any updates on this place?
This is close by but last time I went they said no extras...


Floor: #4
Post Time: 6th September 2011, 11:27 PM
Poster ID: mikeybee
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Ada not keen on hj see CiCi on tue 20yo C student face A+ wears fish nets great hj will do nude but loves the$$$ in my opnion, always a young student here
at past visits.......sometimes many repeat visits required

mb


Floor: #5
Post Time: 23rd November 2011, 04:59 PM
Poster ID: MooNoi
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Establishment: Chinese Massage Centre, Epping (Named Violet Massage??)

Person's Name: Selina (Works Wednesdays and Saturdays)

Date of Visit: 23 November

Contact Details/Address: 45 Beecroft Road (upstairs), 02 9868 1220

Hours of Business: 10am - 6pm

Prices: 30/60 ($35/$60)

Age: Early 20s (as a rough guess)

Size/shape: Tall / leggy / gorgeous

Nationality or Ethnicity: Chinese

Services: Medium Massage with optional Happy Ending and nude

Value for money/recommend?: Not this time

Called in here today as last time (which I forgot to write up) it was a pretty good experience.

MILFY mamasan at the desk said no girls were available, but did I want to see her? I had seen her in the past and found her very mechanical, so I said I would come back later.
She called to the girl who was busy giving a massage and had a two minute conversation in Chinese. 
The young girl, named Selina, was VERY good looking - tall, early 20's, long hair, and obviously a good body.

Mamasan asked me if I wanted a 30 minute massage, which I did, and they conversed some more.
In the end, I worked out that the punter in the other room had booked an hour and just been in there 10 minutes. They were arranging for Selina to see me for 30 minutes, Mamasan would take over 30 minutes of the massage for the other punter, then Selina would go back to him and finish him off. (Felt a bit sorry for him, but such is life!)

Into the room I went with Selina. I noticed her hands were still oily from the other punter and she was about to massage me which I thought was disgusting. I asked her to go wash her hands first and she complied.

After about 4 minutes of useless massage, she leant down and asked if I wanted a handjob ($20) or handjob and nude ($50). 
As she was such a stunning piece, "Sucker me" went for the nude option expecting she would do the handjob at the end. 

She got undressed revealing a fantastic body with great natural B cups (maybe C) and a partially shaved snatch - unusual for Chinese girls. 
Then she asked me to turn over straight away and proceeded with the tug job immediately! I should have said something, but I didn't want to make a fuss as the mamasan and other punter were in the next cubicle and no wall up to the roof.

Handjob wasn't very sensual and she would only let me touch her boobs - no fingering, sucking on her tits or any other touching. 

After getting me across the line, she cleaned me up then proceeded to give me a very lame head massage (big head, not little head!) for about 8 minutes then said "finish now". (She put her clothes on again straight away after I blew - before even cleaning me up!)

I wasn't really happy, but got dressed and she walked me out to the reception area. She said "is everything ok" and and I told her (politely) that I was only in there for 20 minutes and had paid for 30. I also said that I expected the hand job at the end, and expect a decent massage as well - not just 4 minutes and then the tug!

She said she was sorry, but she had to get back to her other customer and "next time I give you 10 minutes extra ok?"
Why agree to see me if she was going to do this?
The usual Chinese mindset of $$'s lighting up in the eyeballs obviously coming into play here.

Not sure if I'll be back. I know it's punting and you take the good with the bad, but this left me feeling quite miffed.

Shame, as she's a hot girl and has a fantastic body and good English. Definitely doesn't offer FS, but if she had a better attitude she could definitely get a lot of regular clients instead of thinking short term dollar signs and grabbing the quick cash IMO. I guess when you're a hot chick in a cheap massage centre, suckers like me are going to pay the $$'s to see her nude, even if they don't go back again. 

Also, the fact she wasn't going to wash her hands after moving to me from the other customer was simply unacceptable.

Such is life.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 23rd November 2011, 11:40 PM
Poster ID: mikeybee
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
yes indeed l have also seen Selina, did not want to see me first visit.....she likes the young blokes better massage is dull...only keen for quick $$$
and young dicks........and Ada massage is ok.has problems with hands l think, tried many times just no into hj at all.....pitty just a bit of touching for $20 tip
really too much for so little


mb


Floor: #7
Post Time: 2nd January 2012, 08:14 AM
Poster ID: slarty
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Sounds like the same Selina that works in the 355 Kent St/George St shops (same owner) in the city. Yep a real shame she is a gorgeous girl but spoils it by showing her need to make quick $$. 

Notice I said 'showing' her need for $$. Just about all MLs are after $$ otherwise they would do something else or nothing at all. When they are too transparent it puts many customers off repeat business. Something a lot of the younger ones either don't realise or don't care.


Floor: #8
Post Time: 29th January 2012, 12:10 AM
Poster ID: b00fa
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Been there a couple of times recently to check the place out.

First time was a Chinese MILF - maybe late 30s.  Nothing super sensual, just a reasonably decent massage and when it came time she tickled le sac and asked if I wanted "this".  Sure.  She didn't actually say how much but just suggested it was "extra" so I gave her the typical $20.  HJ was decent enough.

Second time was a much younger girl, maybe early 20s, quite dark skinned, also Chinese.  She talked quite a lot, I guess the job is rather boring otherwise.  Massage wasn't that great.  Offered the tug, and when I suggested she also get naked she said that'd be extra.  Kept her panties on but seemed ok and suggested that I not stray down there but when the hands did wander she didn't really object.   All up $50 extra.


Floor: #9
Post Time: 26th May 2012, 01:30 PM
Poster ID: travb2
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
On my fist visit I was seen to by the older (boss) woman in the white unifor. After I stripped off and lay face down she covered my mid section with a towel and gave me a decent massage. No offer of anything special.

On my second visit she said “Selina for you” after I handed over $60 for a 1 hour massage. Selina turned out to be in her early twenties, Chinese and very slim. She did not massage well at all and preferred to prod at me through a towel. At turn over time she offered a HJ for 20 and clothes off for 50. I agreed to the $50 option and gazed at her cute but small melons. No touching was allowed but when I asked if I could massage her she agreed. That’s one way to get a touch.

She seemed quite relaxed but insisted that I wear a towel while I massaged her. I’m sure she was concerned at being poked in the face by little T. After some time I got back on the table and she finished me off. I saw her one more time and found her attractive but lazy. She remembered me and actually asked me to massage her as she was tired. No longer worth a return visit.


Floor: #10
Post Time: 4th June 2012, 09:28 PM
Poster ID: sparksy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Well after 4 years going to this place Aida the mamasan finally gave me a tug. Wasn't really that good which was very dissapointing but anyway proves that times are tough and if you are going to walk you can get just about anything!!


Floor: #11
Post Time: 30th June 2012, 03:18 AM
Poster ID: mikeybee
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
violet beauty centre.....suite 2,45 Beecroft rd Epping Tel:02 9868 1220...open 6 days (thursday closed) 10am -630pm (0405453 438)
I have been going here since opening 4 years probably more, Ada the owner more into facials waxing make up etc and massage
has had many (say 4 or five young chinese girls working over the years) a couple were very very good, but sadly study time was up for both them and me...!!!
so massage with Ada these days not so often was more than weekly with others and her mainly play time but to be honest she really does not like the hj situation
tried many many times as well as $20 tips (for little response) some grabbing but little pulling sad.
costs  $35 1/2 $60 1 hour I'd say her massage is ok not great, problem with hands..??? no great power so if thats what you need better to see Jenny @ Oxford st.
2 massage rooms clean sometimes need more heating my pet hate. There are a couple of mature ladies also here as well as a couple of 22 -23 year olds both so so sadly.
So I guess it's worth a try better shop fit out than other's in Epping (but no shower same with all) I think client treatment better as well that's why I return.
If you like a massage from a 40 something nice lady usually not short changed time, peaceful calm without chatter chinese muzac and creaking floorboards unlike others
give it a go I will review the two younger girls soon.

thanks mikeybee


Floor: #12
Post Time: 30th June 2012, 03:51 AM
Poster ID: mikeybee
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
violet beauty centre (as above)
Selina a chinese student...??? (model looks imho)tall long hair usually tired up, face and lips 10/10 (prove me wrong) breasts 10/10 B+ cups erect nipples
touch ok no licky licky, so to see these magic melons a tariff of $50 is required expensive but I believe well worth it especially with nude, long legs close trimmed
pubic hair and those bottom lips an equal in sensual impression to the higher set.A little didgit touching is allowed (maybe more dollars more sticky stuff)
I believe she is quite lazy knows she looks hot and has what most of us want, but again I've been to many many places over many years, and if she went over to the bad
side she'd have two BMW's parked out the back.As far as her massage skills go I have no clue, but as I said lazy means probably not much chop.
Also as far as I know I think she likes the younger guy's.......so if you're in that boat you may pay to play more...???
But none the less I say go at least once meet her (she does wednesday's here and the odd saturday, and also works at 7 Avon North Ryde on friday) (same prices & tip)
she comes across cold at the intro....but in the room the glow off the $50 note....wow that face those breasts if only my mouth could breach those lips.....high or low...!!!
Age 23 or so I'd say...maybe she's looking for a BMW salesman to swoon all over her, wallet in hand.

thanks mikeybee


Floor: #13
Post Time: 30th June 2012, 04:08 AM
Poster ID: mikeybee
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
violet beauty centre (as above the above)
Una chinese student I was told 20 but would not be surprised if 18...??? face wise very young body very nice breasts second best to Selina, again as far as massage goes
no clue just playtime with this girl, paid the $50 tip but cloths stayed on although plently of movement, face probably 5/10 body 7/10 I think I saw her on her first day
 a bit shy but my hands did a lot of walking and came to a sticky end...!!! need to go back I am sure more on the cards (as with most young students, not all buy BMW's)
so she is very pleasant like others I used to see here the more you go the more they come, she was keen for me to be happy and I was, so different from Selina probably wrong to
compare these two.....chalk and cheese, Una would try hard to please you the other would charge more to please her...!!!

thanks mikeybee


Floor: #14
Post Time: 27th July 2012, 09:42 PM
Poster ID: wingsofdreams
Post Title: 
 Selena @ Violet Beauty Centre
				
Post Content: 
Establishment and/or person's Name: Selena

Contact Details/Address: 45 Beecroft Road, Epping NSW

Date/Time: Saturday (16 June 2012)

Prices: $35 for 30 mins + $20HJ

Age: 23

Size/shape: slim

Nationality or Ethnicity: Chinese

Services: Massage and HJ

Value for money/recommend ? not value for money

My experience: 

Came back from a long work trip and needed to relax. I decided to pay this shop a visit and saw a stunning girl at the reception. Initially asked for an hour, but she said 30 mins as she had another customer... OK...

She takes me into one of the rooms which are clean and nice, but not sealed at the top so u can hear what all the other rooms are like. She asks me to remove my clothes but keep my underwear on . Her massage isn't really great - she's rather lazy and just places the towel over my back and pushes against it bit by bit. Soon asks me to turn over and asks if I wanted "happy ending". I agreed to which she commences a rather mechanical tug. She eventually got me over the line and started complaining about how I took too long...

Too bad for her lazy attitude... she has a stunningly beautiful face to look at. But I wouldn't go back unless I really had a burning desire for a pretty face...


Floor: #15
Post Time: 23rd September 2012, 11:06 AM
Poster ID: travb2
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Found my self here again after a long time despite poor efforts from Selina previously. Just my luck that she was here again although I initially wasn’t sure it was her.

The “massage” was it usual poor standard. I got covered in a towel through which she prodded me as though she was trying to wake a cat. I realized it was the same Selina. This went on for the whole session. On a previous visit she had allowed me to massage her so I asked her if she was interested. She looked surprised and said no. She obviously does not remember me. At one stage she was staring at the wall while moving her hand up and down my shin. I actually felt sorry for her and wished there was a TV for her to watch as she went through the motions. She looked so bored. Then I realized it was me who would have liked some TV to watch. She offered me a HJ twice which I declined. 

Boss lady said she hoped to see me again as I left.


Thread Title: Violet Beauty Centre - 45 Beecroft Rd, Epping - 02 9868 1220
Floor: #16
Post Time: 18th May 2017, 09:15 PM
Poster ID: zac
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Cherry

Establishment : Epping Massage

Date of Visit : Late April 17

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 1/ 45 Beecroft Road, Epping Ph: 9868 1220

Hours of Business : 10am- 10pm

Rates : $60 + tips

Age : Mid 20s

Size/shape : slim/ B+ cups

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian. English was reasonable.

Services Provided : Massage + Extras

Value for money/recommend? : Y

My experience/comments :
Every time I go to this place have been lucky enough to be given Cherry. There's no mucking about we both know what is on the agenda. The clothes and finances are dispensed with and the massage is solid and another crack creeper.

On turnover was offered the opportunity of a CBJ (Condom supplied by her) for more $$$ which I accepted. Was admittedly more hand orientated than blow job but I appreciated the offer. The CBJ also allowed my middle finger to massage between her butt cheeks and her shaven pussy became moist as the session wore on.

I suspect that I was made the offer as I deemed to be a regular so just don't demand.

I exploded in due course. Rubdown was with towel.

Tips was 60 House + 50 + 50

I will be back.


