Thread Title: West Ryde Massage, 8590 4489,  4 Graf Ave, West Ryde
Floor: #1
Post Time: 7th September 2018, 05:24 PM
Poster ID: dickbrown
Post Title: 
 West Ryde Massage, 8590 4489,  4 Graf Ave, West Ryde
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Yuyu (or Yoyo)
Establishment: West Ryde Massage
Date of Visit: 7 Sep, 18  
Contact Details/Address/Weblink:  8590 4489  4 Graf Ave West Ryde westrydemassage.com.au/
Hours of Business: 10-8
Rates: $40/50/60 : 30/45/60 mins  
Age:  35 +/- 
Size/shape: 150cm/60 kg, c cup nats/ stout
Nationality or Ethnicity: MLC
Services Provided: FBM Nude b2b, sim sex
Value for money/WIR:  OK/friendly cooperative service,  maybe for other girl

Comments:
Saw a new shop listing on Locanto, called and stopped to TOFTT. Limited 2 hour parking may be available at the nearby Woollies with at least 4 other shops within a short hike. The shop has an indiscreet front entrance, but private rooms with solid walls to the ceiling and lockable doors. Mama-san took the toll and put a fresh cover on the table, promising a lovely girl shortly. A moment later, "Yuyu" walked in with a short skirt, heels, bare legs wearing a push up bra showing ample cleavage, evening make-up and ruby lipstick. 

Lots of friendly chat and playful TT during the FBM (but too much elbow action for my liking). After the hot towel wipe, Yuuu began some serious licking / kissing my back and bum making all the right noises with sweet murmurs while I played with her rump and snatch thru her g-string panties. All of this while watching her in the table side horizontal mirror. 

On flip, she asked what I wanted. When I requested the lot, she seemed willing and asked if I had a skin. Stupid me, I was unprepared (fearful of leaving one loose in the pocket or car). For today we settled on the b2b body slide for the standard 50 and she was happy to slide around on top of me, with Spanish and then let me do her butt crack while she was face down, then more sim sx in pseudo mish while she was on her back. She is completely trimmed and I soon unloaded on her belly.

More friendly chat and as I was walking to the exit I saw a younger, more attractive ML girl who made a point to smile at me and say goodbye- so I might just return for her. West Ryde seems to have a lot of choices for MPs, so it shouldn't be too hard to find one you like. Yuyu works here Fridays and Hope St, Seven Hills Wednesdays.

Mods, if this post has TMI or is too indiscreet for the area (local council regulators reading, etc), please feel free to edit or delete. BTW, Thanks for your hard work on this forum.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 9th September 2018, 09:42 PM
Poster ID: raging
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
West Ryde Massage, 8590 4489, 4 Graf Ave, West Ryde

Person's Name: Oni

Establishment: West Ryde Massage

Date of Visit: Saturday 8th September, 2018 

Contact Details: 8590 4489; 4 Graf Ave West Ryde, NSW

Hours of Business: 10-8pm ish

Rates: 30 mins/$40; 45 mins/$50; I hour/$60

Age: 20s (my guess)

Size/shape: diminutive size 6, nice, perky b cups, slim waist, lovely tight, slightly rounded bum, long dark hair; engaging smile; soft skin; gentle manner and good English.

Nationality or Ethnicity: Thai

Services Provided: Full body massage; nude b2b; HE

Value for money: Totally yes. I will return to see delightful Oni.

Comments:

Its been a long time between drinks, what with a divorce, illness, and all. I finished grocery shopping at West Ryde on Saturday, but there was something I desperately wanted that I could not get at the supermarket. So, I pushed open the door at no. 4 (thanks to dickbrown's post above), which opened into a long hallway. As I entered I was greeted by the mamasan saying hello to my bulge: not that bulge! The bulge in my wallet! She steered me into a tiny room on the right, just past the front room office. In walked diminutive Oni wearing a short black dress.  $60 for the hour made my bulge much smaller. While Oni did the commerce, I disrobed and lay down on the “slab”. 

Oni returned to deliver a good, medium massage to get the knots out, followed by my favourite gentle massage to get the knots in! It quickly emerged that Oni’s English is good, so we were able to chat comfortably, until she invited me to turn over, lent over and whispered quietly if I would like anything special. Thereafter, Oni slipped out of her little black number to reveal a gorgeously sim, lithe figure, wonderfully perky boobs and tight bum. She soon had me under her spell and all too quickly (for me) the deed was done, dough drained, bulge deflated and I departed delighted, after giving Oni a gentle hug, which I think she enjoyed. I certainly scored a surprise kiss at the front door.

Oni is a sweetie; a delight; gentle, caring and aiming to please. I will return, soon. I thoroughly recommend her. Oni said she only works here Saturdays.


Yours
Rage


Floor: #3
Post Time: 24th June 2019, 09:20 PM
Poster ID: JRx$yd
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
West Ryde Massage, 8590 4489, 4 Graf Ave, West Ryde

Person's Name: Julie

Establishment: West Ryde Massage

Date of Visit: Monday 24th June 2019 (early afternoon)

Contact Details: 8590 4489; 4 Graf Ave West Ryde, NSW

Hours of Business: 10-8pm

Rates: 1 hour $60 $50 NHJ and body slide

Age: early 30's

Size/shape: size 8, nice, Natural b cups, rose tattoo across her stomach

Nationality or Ethnicity: Thai

Services Provided: Full body massage; nude b2b; HJ

Value for money/recommend? :  Standard / Yes

My experience/comments : 

A cold and windy afternoon in Sydney. I haven't visited this area for a while. A quick search on Locanto found this. A call to the land line to see taht someone was available and told that Julie was available in 5 minutes.

Parking is either on the street or the nearby supermarket. Entrance is easy to find with the standard LED open sign and massage signage out front. Entry is into a clean long corridor with rooms down one side.

Julie met me and ushered me into a room a couple along. The room was spacious, warm and clean with a firm table. Big signs syaing no sex, don't ask, employee will be dismissed, on either side of a full width mirror along the wall the length of the massage table. :-)

Paid my $60 for 1 hour and stripped off, Julie returned and started a firm of healthy massage. Plenty of grinding on my arms and shoulders that led to the question of extras after about 15 minutes. We agreed to nude body to body with HE, and I helpd Julie unzip her "uniform" to expose an amazing rose tattoo on her stomach and two soft and natural B cup breasts. A great slow and sensual body to body rub, that built to a great oily butt and balls massage.

Julie, was happy with being touched and stroked and i believed enjoyed the contact together. A bit more body to body sliding and thenroll over to finish on her stomach. There was an offer of a shower, so they must have nice premises. I took the hot towqel clean up and headed on my way.

I highly recommend this place, clean and warm, and great personal touch.


