Thread Title: 281 High St, Preston - 03 9484 3889
Floor: #1
Post Time: 14th October 2014, 10:16 AM
Poster ID: donotforgive
Post Title: 
 281 High St, Preston - 03 9484 3889
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Didn't catch it (very soft spoken)

Establishment : Shop

Date of Visit : Sunday October 12th 2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 281 High street, Preston

Hours of Business : not sure, think 9am - 10pm.

Rates : $60 45 mins.

Age : Looked 18- early 20's at most

Size/shape : Small Girl size 4ish, not much of a rack by the looks of it size A maybe.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Massage

Value for money/recommend? : Only for Massage

My experience/comments : 

Well decided to take a punt and visited this place on Sunday, Thought to myself don't have much else to do and got some free time, so grabbed the convertible since it was a nice day, put the top down and cruised down High St & Plenty Rd, now if you don't already know about High street or plenty Rd, then your not a real punter in Melbourne, High street starts from Westgarth st and goes all the way down and end in Epping if you keep going. Plenty Rd starts in Thornbury and end in South Morang Now the high street and plenty rd im referring to is what I call the strip, it is the route the tram lines run down, follow it and its like following a line of massage parlour heaven. 

This Strip is the Massage Parlour equivalent to a Buffet Restaurant. SO from this point onwards ill be referring to this strip as the buffet, This strip by far has some of the largest selection of Massage parlours in Melbourne, You can correct me if im wrong, but my observation out of all the places I been to in Melbourne, It has a huge amount of massage parlours that I think if the ratio of massage parlours get any greater the council will have to be forced into naming this very long street to Massage Street, take your car or a tram ride and you will be shocked at how many shops you'll find (don't be lazy and google it, half of them don't come up in google) Anyways Long story Short, High street usually delivers the goods when it comes to punting, but it isnt without trial and error and earning your stripes. I been doing this a while and the mamasans and bosses are always paranoid, so you must earn your stripes with many places on high street. 

So, was bored and went for a drive to Melbourne's best Buffet selection and was presented with many options and thought to myself, ohhhh haven't tried that before. Parked the convertible right outside 281 High Street and got out and pushed my magic button on my key to put the top up, a very excited young looking thai girl came outside the shop to look and had a big smile on her face, its like these girls haven't seen a brand new BMW convertible before (Insert BIG head here), I thought its on like donkey kong for sure. I say "you like?" and she just shakes her head up and down with a massive smile and walks back inside. 

I walk in to the shop and a 20 something year old is at reception, I ask can I get a 45 min Massage, I throw her a pineapple and a red lobster ($10 tip) and say keep the change, hoping this would make them realise I mean business. Im taken to a room with a hard mattress on the floor. I go in and that same eager looking thai girl from outside comes in, she says ill be back, then another older women comes in and says, you been here before? (now if you don't already know this, this is a small yet stupid screening question, answer NO  and you'll probably get squat, the real question should be, do you punt?) I stupidly Answer NO to her question and say "but im sure I will enjoy every minute being here" She says ok, then proceeds to say a few things in Thai to the girls at what seemed to be like telling off, So I get the gear off and im lying there naked, Im waiting for the eager thai girl to come back in as she seems to know what the deal is and im anxious / excited, In walks this tiny little 18yr old looking Thai girl (Different Girl) Im like hmmm she's ok looking, looks young, could be pleasantly surprising, guess ill have to find out.

The Massage starts and shes really good, I mean shes an expert, she was so damm good as shes kneading away im thinking if shes this good at massgage she probably aint gonna do anything but massage, ass time went on I tried to let my hands wander, but every attempt made at touching her she would move to another position where my hands could not reach her. I tried making Chit Chat to ease her up but her English was pretty poor and wasnt able to say much or didnt understand, all I know is she was very soft spoken and sounded extremely timid. I asked her name and the responce was so quiete I didnt catch anything, I thought geeze, this girl must be new from Thailand. Every attempt to chat she wouldn't understand and would just sit there and look at me like a stunned mullet. I thought this is not gonna end with the finale I was expecting, So thought stuff it im just gonna ask her on the flip, 30 mins in she tells me to turn around, so I turn around and I got a semi hard on, she cover me with a towel and I say "you want some extra money" and point to the D, she says in her soft voice "im from Thailand, you?" I think geeze this girl doesn't understand anything and immediately after the question she goes down to my legs and starts massaging them and doesn't look at me in the face again, looking down at my legs and concentrating on the massage, I felt somewhat sorry for her, she seemed very shy and timid and thought, maybe she hasn't been corrupted and maybe it should stay that way as the girl does give an incredible massage and has a real talent, ill just take it for what it is and maybe better luck next time. She finishes me off with a hot towel wipe down. 

Would I go back?

For a decent Massage, would definitely go back here, for a punt I might have to give this place another go some other time.

My Thoughts:

The all too eager thai girl from outside would likely be up for it. My mistake was saying I hadn't been there before. I been punting for a long time and although I don't know what came over me and answered No, I almost always answer with "yes but has been a while because I was on holiday and im back looking to relax and to be looked after like last time" (providing the establishment has been there a while, they will buy it and may ask what the girls name was that you visited to test you, say you cant remember her name and say I think her name was and say one of these; Tina, Ruby or Tiffany, this usually does the trick), I think they got paranoid and switched my girl with someone who was actually legit. 
Will have to go back and park the convertible up front again and see what might happen with the eager young thai girl.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 15th October 2014, 06:57 AM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
This business may trade as "Health Palace", Health Palace on 281 High St, Preston, VIC 3072 | Whereis®


Floor: #3
Post Time: 8th January 2016, 10:50 AM
Poster ID: Air Travel
Post Title: 
 Health Palace - Preston - 9484 3889
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sorry, didn't catch it.
Establishment : Health Palace
Date of Visit : Early November 2015
Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 281 High St Preston, Ph 9484 3889
Hours of Business : 10 - 10, 7 days
Rates : $65/ hr
Age : early 20's
Size/shape : Petite, say size 6, with I think c cups at a guess
Nationality or Ethnicity : Korean
Services Provided : Massage only - no extras for me.
Value for money/recommend? : yes, if massage only is what you are wanting.
My experience/comments : While waiting to catch up with friends at a nearby pub, I spotted this place on high street, and thought I would give it a go.  $65/hr on the window - not bad.

Walked in and was greeted by an average looking tall Asian girl, and booked an hour session hoping to God that she wasn't the girl.  Asked to take my shoes off before we walked down the hallway to the rooms.  Shown to a large double room, plenty of light, and no tissues - arrrggh!

Reception girl left, and in walks a beautiful young Korean girl, and mini-me has become religious as he is hoping to God like the rest of me that this girl needs extra income.  Massage starts, but towel remains on.  Massage is good and firm, and on the flip she holds a the towel up, but I catch up coping a quick glance.  So I ask the question to be quickly shot down.  Ok, no extras on offer, so settle back for the remainder of a very reasonable massage.


