Thread Title: 373 Watsonia Rd - Watsonia - 0432 138 303
Floor: #1
Post Time: 15th February 2018, 07:06 PM
Poster ID: Catbath
Post Title: 
 373 Watsonia Rd - Watsonia - 0432 138 303
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Mamasan

Establishment : Massage shop

Date of Visit : Feb'18

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 373 Watsonia Rd - Watsonia - 0432138303

Hours of Business : 10am -10pm

Rates : $80p/h + $50 Extras

Age : Late 30's

Size/shape : Average size (10-12)

Nationality or Ethnicity : PRC

Services Provided : Massage + Nude HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Undecided

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

Well, the day started off with the usual need for some adventure  However, due to a tight schedule, i really couldn't be bothered with needing to travel too far from where I was situated for some work. Tried out the usual suspects but the butterfly group were out of action today, likely because of Chinese New Year. Then tried out Nina, but I left it too late and as not available. 

Ended up a little frustrated and having a sore shoulder, I recall my promise here of trying a RNT. Did a search and found out that 369 Watsonia Rd could offer some fun. Looked it up on google maps and off I went. Little did I know the place actually closed shopped and I ended up mistaken 373 instead as the place. 

Walked in a a nice tidy little place that had pretty much "dodgy" written over it. After about a few minutes (I thought it may be empty) a lady walked out. Thinking of the reviews at 363, I was a little disappointed with the age. She was still pretty looking and would classify her in my books as a MILF  She led me to the left curtain off area calling me babe. (Yep, good sign #1) and then asked how long. 1 hour I said, and it was $80, which seem a little high. After finance sorted, she asked me to take off clothes and walked out to put away the cash. Nude up fully and lied on the bench face down. Noticed a box of tissues and wet wipes which I suspect another good sign.

Waited for a bit, and then she finally rocked up. Talked a little bit, and i forgot to ask her about her name. Damn, how can I bring it up now?? Then I figure I will do it at the end as I am leaving. The massage was pretty average, even though I did ask for medium. Mostly concentrated on backs and then legs. Very little brushing on the arse but otherwise very legit and straight forward. She took a call and sounds like a punter was making his way into the shop. 
About 10min later the dude rocked up and she went out to take care of business. Due to the set up, I was sure that any noise in here would be heard outside. Once she rocked back in a few more squeeze she popped the question. i couldn't understand it and she had to repeat it again, "If I wanted anything else?" I said sure *hell yea* - what's on offer?  $30 HJ, $50 Nude HJ and $100 FS. Now there was about 20min left on the clock but I decided on option #2 because a little concern about the dude outside. Straight into and it started pretty well. She had a very nice body, curves in all the right places. Her tits were very firm for her age (about A cup - shaped more wide/flag than perky round). Nice arse but moved my hands back to her tits a couple of time. Got a looked at  her cat, and it was shaved and very cute/neat. Thinking if I should opt for a FS session now. LOL. Anyways, not long into the session, she started to speed up a bit, almost jack hammer style and I had to signal for slow down. My hands also got into her pussy at this stage and she even stood one leg up (opposite to my Line of sight  ) - so I can get better access. 
Got her wet, and with her going she was about to come, she also got me over the line. The HJ technique was pretty average to be honest but it did get the job done and felt a little sore due to the speed she was going at one point. 
After that she wiped and was in a hurry to go (next customer I suppose). After I handed her the extra $, she said goodbye and left while I was still putting on my clothes. 

Doh! I forgot to get her name. I did some research and found her Facebook page and it is very likely that she is the owner of the place. 

Walked out to the main area, and it turns out she already went to the other room with the client.
The other room I mistaken it for her office because that was where she appeared when I first turned up.
So she must have put the punter in there to nude up and wait while I was getting the Special.

Overall, it wasn't a bad experience. It was different being jacked off in a shop with cars speeding outside.
Too bad a punter rocked up, because i also got short changed by 10mins. She has a very nice attitude and were friendly, but I also could tell she was in a bit of a rush to get to her next client as she sped up the HJ. 
Great body and is quiet pretty for her age. However, at $130 for 1 hour - average massage I'm still undecided if better to be had.  This is my first RNT, so I am yet to determine the going rate.


