Thread Title: 388 Murray Rd, Preston, Vic
Floor: #1
Post Time: 3rd May 2017, 11:49 AM
Poster ID: inm8
Post Title: 
 388 Murray Rd, Preston, Vic
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name :  Sophia

Establishment :  Private apartment with 2 ladies working at a time

Date of Visit :  30/03/2017 


Contact Details/Address/Weblink :  Phone:  0490 774  Address: 388 Murray rd, Preston, VIC 

Hours of Business :  11am to 8pm, Mon - Sat, bookings only - no walk-ins

Rates :  $50 30min, $60, 45min, $80 60min + $40 extra for topless

Age :  mid-50's at a guess

Size/shape :  Short, little bit of tummy spread and busty DD's, attractive and young!

Nationality or Ethnicity :  Italian Caucasian 

Services Provided :  HJ, sensual massage, topless, nude 

Value for money/recommend? :  a little pricey Maybe?

My experience/comments :
I found an interesting ad in Locanto advertising European massage ladies for full body oil relaxation massage with authentic looking photographs and made contact via text. 

I thought I had the ad saved, but it must've expired. Sorry! Most of the details are in my review anyway. 

Provided a list of services by text as listed above. Four hands available on request. 

When I asked about extras was told to discuss with individual girl. She sent the same photos as in the ad and confirmed that Sophie was the busty one pictured. So I booked a 30min lunch time visit for the next day. She asked me to confirm by text on the day of booking. 

On the day, arrived at the address. It's the new block of apartments where the Preston Bowls club used to be. I called and received  the final directions and apartment number. 

I enter the apartment and am greeted by a an attractive mature blonde lady. She was well dressed and presented well. She was on the phone but invites me into a darkened room furnished with a massage table, floor lamp, mirrored wardrobes, fan/heater and little towel oven. She takes payment for the 30mins and asks me to undress and leaves the room. 

I had arrived right on time, but she kept me  waiting for about 15mins. When she returned I asked about extras and she said $50 topless, $100 for nude and no FS. I bargained her down to $40 for topless with hand relief as it was all that I had on me. 

She starts the massage with moisturiser, which was pretty much light touches all over the body, not a proper massage. She made pleasant conversation as she worked. My hands were wandering a bit, but she avoided my advances. 

On the flip she removed her top and bra to reveal a very nice pair of DD's that she was happy for me to suck, fondle and play with. I complimented her and she said she was very happy with them too! She then oiled up roger and expertly gave me the happy ending I was looking for!

They had shower facilities available although I didn't use them. When leaving I thought I saw a dark-haired girl on the couch that was much younger, my initial thought was that it was her daughter! But upon reflection she may even have been Asian?

WIR, probably not. Very clean apartment, service was average, but extras are a little too pricey for me. 6/10


Floor: #2
Post Time: 3rd May 2017, 02:41 PM
Poster ID: inm8
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by inm8


attractive and young
"""



Before someone hangs me for it Sophia is not young, but attractive for her age IMHO.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 3rd May 2017, 03:40 PM
Poster ID: Jersybull
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
'WIR, probably not. Very clean apartment, service was average, but extras are a little too pricey for me'
agree, especially for that area. Had a phone discussion with her once after finding the ad on Locanto I think, and she tried to get me to try the service, refused to tell me prices, refused to go, knew they would be high. She kept trying to suck me in with the fact the girls were not asian. I ended up telling her there was probably no way she could compete with the asian market in her area.


