Floor: #1
Post Time: 14th April 2018, 02:01 AM
Poster ID: xs4all4me
Post Title: 
 3B/61 Coulstock St, Epping - 0478 682 655
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Cherry

Establishment: Massage Shop

Date of Visit: April 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: 0478 682 655, 3B/61 Coulstock St, Epping. Ad: Locanto

Hours of Business: 10am - 8pm

Rates: $50 30min (see Locanto link for more prices), extras $30 clothed Handjob or $50 clothed Handjob with touching allowed.

Age: Mid 30's

Size/shape: Size 8

Nationality or Ethnicity: PRC

Services Provided: Massage, Handjob

Value for money/recommend?: Ok

My experience/comments:

Had a small window today where I could disapear for a bit without anyone noticing me and was feeling the need to have a good tug as self service was getting a bit boring 

Browsed through Locanto and noticed the ad, and it looks like a new shop just sprung up at this location since it's pretty close to my stomping grounds.
Made my way down there and parking out at the front and around the area was pretty full but managed to get a spot right at the end near the Gym. In this little pocket of shops, there is a Gym, a pub/pokies and drive thru bottle shop on the opposite side, and a hair salon right next door. Both the massage shop and the hair salon doors are right next to each other, so if your that discreet type of person who likes to be the Phantom and enter without being seen, forget out about, your bound to be seen  Good thing is that they don't seem to lock the door so a quick entry is guaranteed.

After entering the shop I was greeted by a mid 30's PRC lady, her English was good, she asked how long and if I have been here before? I opted for $50 for half hour and replied it was my first time so please be gentle  The shop looks clean and it's pretty small, a small reception desk at the front and to the left was the massage room and from what I can see another one just behind reception, door was closed so couldn't tell, the previous shop used to be a beauty salon as you can still see some of the old signage out the front of the shop.
She led me to the room to the left and told me to strip and left the room, now at this point if was a perfect opportunity to as if extras was on offer but decided not to and see what happens. The room is small and clean, the massage table has those disposible white paper sheets and on the shelf on the back corner I can see some spare sheets, so it looks like these get replaced. No light ambiounce in the room as it's pretty well lit during the day as this massage room is not fully enclosed, part of the ceiling, a small section at the front of the room is open so the lights enters from there. On the massage table I lay waiting for her to come back. I had a feeling that I have seen this lady before but at another shop, but couldn't pin point where and it was bugging me. She came back and started with a good pressure massage with some light oil used to get things going, what can I say about the massage? Nothing special realy, elbow/forearm technique was used a lot. I asked for her name, she said Cherry, I then replied, Cherry as in the fruit? She said yes, then I replied, do you taste as good as a Cherry? She giggled and no response, she only works there on Fridays and she said the shop is new and just opened a week ago, since I think I know her from somewhere I tried to get some more info from her without being too nosey. I asked if she works anywhere else and she said no, then that was that, after the back massage she started massaging my legs and as she moved up, she focused alot on my inner tighs which gave me a instant boner, my boner was so hard I had to lift my butt in the air a little and she knew I was hard and continued to tease without making contact to my private bits. Then the teasing was finished, she said she'll come back and wipe me down with some hot towels. After the wipe down, she told me to flip, which I did, one look at my hard boner and said if I wanted happy ending, I said how much, first she said $50 with touching on her is allowed, I said, nah too expensive, then she replied or $30 without touching, I opted for $30.

After that little conversation, that's when it clicked, Cherry also works in a massage shop in Mill Park, you can read my review below:
https://auxxxreviews.com/forum/f353/...3-439-a-40176/

Reason why I know was because we had the exact same conversion about her prices when I saw her at the other shop, only problem was I didn't catch her name at the other shop, this was late last year when I saw her, since I didn't catch her name, I didn't put up a review, no point in doing one now for the other shop, as this review is pretty much the same if I did put one in. Then my memory came back to me, this session was exactly the same as the one at the other shop, but she didn't recognise me and I didn't mention anything about the others Shop.
Time for the handjob, reasonable amount of oil used, with various motions and speed, just like the massage, nothing special I can say about this tug, after a few minutes, she got me off the line, cleaned me up, got dressed and on my merry way.

Cherry is a nice lady and easy to talk to, I wouldn't try the $50 for a Tug and touching on her as it's FULLY clothed, not nude, same with the tug, it's a fully clothed tug, I maybe wrong but I don't think YMMV with Cherry, just those two options are on offer with her, interesting to see who else works here and see if we can go a bit futher, I assume there is two girls working at this place as I could hear her talking to another lady out the back and also the second massage room. As mentioned above, nothing special about this punt, if you visit this place and happen to get Cherry, expect a pretty standard massage and tug, it's not bad by all means but nothing to remember by, had the exact same experience with her at the other shop in Mill Park, it's been a while since I've been back to the other shop, so she could be very well be work there when she is not here.

Will I return? not sure, have to see who else works there, I don't think FS will be on offer at this place, a tug is guaranteed, depending on who's on, you might get nude, overall experience was ok.


