Thread Title: 439 Plenty Rd, Preston - 03 9478 3335
Floor: #1
Post Time: 10th November 2011, 12:19 PM
Poster ID: Steveo1
Post Title: 
 439 Plenty Rd, Preston - 03 9478 3335
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : tina

Establishment : Cloverleaf massage

Date of Visit : 4/10/11

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 439 plenty rd presron

Hours of Business :  normal, open til 9pm. Usually go during the day.

Rates : $70 for an hour plus extras

Age : mid 20s

Size/shape : tall, thin, nice face.

Nationality or Ethnicity : i think thai

Services Provided : oiled hj

Value for money/recommend? : not bad. Not the best massage and hj was a bit effortless.

My experience/comments : nice girl, massage wasnt bad but not the best. Hj was a bit rushed and robotic. Cost an extra $20, though she wanted $50. Place is a bit of a hit and miss. Ok if you want to try your luck.

Bit more detail on the service. I booked an hour massage. The usual
Back, shoulders and then legs with oil. Waasnt a bad massage but not the best. She then asked if i wanted my hips masaaged and that it felt good. She then askes me if i wantd to take my underpants off to make it easier. I said yes and she proceeded to take them off for me. I thought this seems promising hehe probaby about 40min in she askd me to turn over nd proceeded to massge my chest and legs brushing my area every now and then. Then touched me a bit more and asked if i wantd a massage there for a tip! I asked her how much, and she said $50, i negotiated $20 and she accepted. Oiled up her hands and proceeded to massage the old fella. As i mentioned earlier very rushed and not really into it. The oiled hand job felt good, they generally do hehe but iv definitely had alot better. More enjoyable when the masseuse gets into it and has a good technique. I enjoyed my session but not sure if id go back there. Aslo massage bench wasnt very comfy.
Contact number is 9478-3335


Floor: #2
Post Time: 13th December 2011, 11:17 PM
Poster ID: leyland
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name: I think it was Tina., but unsure

Establishment : Cloverleaf massage

Date of Visit : 28/11/11

Address : 439 plenty Rd Preston

Hours of Business : 6pm on a Sunday

Rates : $70/hr $30 tip for hj 

Age : probably 25

Size/shape : about 5'10" or maybe taller, a nice face with pert breasts (B cup) nicely arranged, nice skin and face and very model like in my opinion.

Nationality or Ethnicity: Chinese.

Services Provided: hj

Value for money/recommend? Just getting the job done.  Massage was probably a 5 out of 10 and the extra very clinical and hospital style.not bad. 

My experience/comments:  The last two times I have had the lovely looking tall lass so I think the same one as the original poster.  The first time I had the same spiel about the hips needing to be massaged and the jocks needing to come off and then the brushing began.  Long rhythmic strokes using her nails around the bottom of the cheeks and across the lolly bag getting more frequent until the time came to flip.
I bartered down to $30 from $50 and demonstrated my poor haggling skills by getting no touching or even a small amount of care with the job.

The last occasion I had the same lass and began nude and the same stroking up the regions occurred.  I managed to get the $30 deal again but then tried to get her topless but no deal.  A further $20 wouldn't do it but she was keen for more money and asked how much I would offer but I balked, though so I am keen to know what the price is if anybody negotiates this.

She is pretty hot but she knows it so it is more a business deal than an experience.  I have noticed however some oiled hand prints on the wall as though somebody had braced themself after getting hit in the back so I think that throwing some cash around may lead to some more extras.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 17th January 2013, 01:49 PM
Poster ID: punt road
Post Title: 
 Cloverleaf Massage
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Abby

Establishment : Cloverleaf Massage

Date of Visit : 09/01/13

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 439 plenty road Preston t 94783335

Hours of Business : not sure

Rates : $50/half hour massage plus extras

Age : 30-35

Size/shape : size 8, tallish & slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Massage & tug

Value for money/recommend? : not really

My experience/comments : I have been past this place many times and was always meaning to give it a try so did last week when I was in the area. Was a Wednesday afternoon when I went and was greeted at the reception by a young lady who asked how long I wanted a massage for and I said 1/2 hour and paid $50 and was told to have a seat. An Asian lady then apgeared in a blue massage uniform (top & long pants) and I immediately thought this is not looking promising and she showed me to a room and put a fresh cover on the massage table and told me to get undressed. Room was pretty clean and had soft music playing and a couple of signs that said that professional massage services were offered only and not to request any sexual services or words to that effect so took all my clothes off and lay on the table with my face in the hole and the lady returned and straight away started massaging by back and legs. Did not ask what type of massage and in fact did not talk at all. Asked her her name and she quietly said Abby. Room was very dimly lit and when I tried to see her face it was covered by her longish hair so it could have been Casper the ghost giving me a massage for all I knew! Used quite a lot of oil in the massage - was fairly average; not enough pressure but I didn't say anything.  After back and legs were done, she cleaned off oil and dried with a clean towel which was good and then asked me to turn over and started massaging the front with still no hint of any extras  and no talking then after a while said "do you want me to do there" pointing to the old fella and I said why not and she did $30 and I said no thanks then she quickly said ok $20 and I said ok. Tug was surprisingly good but the whole thing was pretty clinical and Abby had the personality of a house brick. I am pretty sure a tug is all that would be on offfe at this place as it looks and feels pretty legit. Not really a memorable punt at all.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 14th August 2013, 07:15 AM
Poster ID: all_chill
Post Title: 
 Hot & NICE in Preston
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Cindy

Establishment : Hot & Nice Oriental Massage

Date of Visit : 03-08-13

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 439 Plenty RD Preston tel;9478 3335

Hours of Business : Mon to Sat  10-7pm

Rates : Specials on atm $70 per hr For full body massage & any extra $40

Age : 21

Size/shape : Slim 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Rub & Tug  

Value for money/recommend? : yes

My experience/comments :The full body massage was great it feels like Cindy knew what she was doing with the deep tissue massage I asked for. Cindy was engaging at the last 20 mins of the massage. She then asked if I was keen for an happy ending. I said you can try but if I can't touch you it'll hard for me to let it all out.. She replies I don't usually let customers touch me but I'll make an exception for you.. Indeed it was a happy ending..


Floor: #5
Post Time: 14th August 2013, 03:09 PM
Poster ID: johnnydtf
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
So has this place changed name? Been there a few times. Just received a tug nothing else.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 15th August 2013, 12:04 AM
Poster ID: all_chill
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by johnnydtf


So has this place changed name? Been there a few times. Just received a tug nothing else
"""



It must've change from reading previous post. It's likely pending on the girl u end up with I suppose.. I can recall asking Cindy how long has she been providing massages, 2 months at Preston she says..


Floor: #7
Post Time: 1st February 2014, 09:59 PM
Poster ID: lucija123
Post Title: 
 439 Plenty Rd, Preston - 03 9478 3335
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Not given as the english language skills were non existent

Establishment : 439 Plenty Road Preston.

Date of Visit : 1/02/2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Nice girl hot massage in -----Preston, preston

Hours of Business : 

Rates : $50 for 30 mins

Age : Looks to be over 30 but could've been younger but just had an old face

Size/shape : Normal.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai i think

Services Provided : Massage

Value for money/recommend? : Yes 

My experience/comments :Tried out this place today.  Young but not pretty girls on the front counter.  Was shown to a room straight away out the back.  The above girl came in and she certainly doesn't fit the description of the ads in any way.  She couldn't speak a word of english however she did all the things i asked to massage.  Towel was on at the start.  It came off after about 5 mins but she didn't ask me to flip so nothing happened there and I don't ask.
I would return for the massage alone as that was worth the money.


Floor: #8
Post Time: 20th February 2014, 12:15 AM
Poster ID: schmirk
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Ely

Establishment : Cloverleaf Massage

Date of Visit : 15/02/14

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 439 Plenty Rd, Preston

Hours of Business : 10am - 8pm

Rates : 1 hr $70 and $30 extra

Age : 30s

Size/shape : Slim, didn't see the face well 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : R&T

Value for money/ will return?: Probably not for Elly

My experience/comments : 

Thanks for the review, JTK.  I went down to have a look the week after you.  No appointment as well but they managed to squeeze me in after a short wait.  The room is quiet and relaxing, pumping out the Enya tunes.  The massage was super oily, just slathered and basted in oil so that the whole massage was basically a slip slide all over with the hands.  i prefer my massages just a touch more therapeutic.  There was a little ass play throughout, enough to get excited and I imagine if you became a regular, there'd be a little more teasing on the table.  The HJ was requested and a price of $30 was offered.  It was a great HJ with plenty of the aforementioned oil.  I liked the location and the HJ but wouldn't go for a massage with Elly again.  I may try another lady, the room next door sounded like a more therapeutic massage.


