Thread Title: 6 Main St, Greensborough - 03 8418 1425
Floor: #1
Post Time: 7th May 2015, 09:43 PM
Poster ID: Hottest_tamale
Post Title: 
 6 Main St, Greensborough - 03 8418 1425
				
Post Content: 
Name : Alicia

Establishment : unknown name (more like, I forgot!)

Date of Visit : 07-05-15

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 8 Main St Greensborough VIC (I think it's @ number 8)

Hours of Business : 1000 till 1800

Rates : $70 for 60 mins + $30 tip

Age : mid to late 20s

Size/shape : slim size 6

Nationality or Ethnicity : Vietnamese 

Services Provided : massage and hj

Value for money/recommend? : Pretty good!

My experience/comments : First, apologies to all punters for my sketchy details. I'm from Sydney and on business in Melbourne. After a draining meeting in Greensborough I strolled along Main St looking for soothing relief. I came across what looked to be a newish establishment which among other services advertised "Vietnamese massage" on the window graphics. I was too excited to even take much notice of the joint's name let alone the phone number. 

After entering, the lobby presented well. All fittings looked to be relatively new and appeared pleasant, clean and modern. I could see some rooms to the left and towards the back wall I espied stairs heading downwards. Upon the counter were printed menus and a little sign advising to ring the bell if unattended. I rang the bell. 

Within seconds a petite ML appeared wearing a figure hugging, short, little black dress. She wore slippers and a stylish bob haircut and her accent was definitely Vietnamese. She was youngish, quite attractive and friendly. 

She invited me to a massage. She had me at HELLO. I opted for $70 oil for 60 minutes. Massages I have found are generally dearer outside of Sydney but I thought this represented better value than the $50 for 30min I was quoted earlier by saggy Chinese MLs in Footscray. Earlier that morning I had met with a gorgeous Vietnamese client and so I was very motivated to go Viet!

Anyway, I was asked to go into the 2nd room on the left hand side. I could hear another playful and noisy punter enjoy banter next door so signs were good. "Alicia" asked me to take everything off and lay face down. I knew then I was good. 

Again, the room was pleasantly appointed with a built-in heater to cancel the Melbourne cold. There was a small sink and hooks to hang your clothing. 

Before long, Alicia came in and we engaged in lively conversation. She had arrived in Oz 2+ yrs earlier from near Ha Long Bay. Her English was rather good and was friendly enough. After I told her I was from Sydney Alicia asked me if I enjoyed massages back home which I sure do. However, there aren't many Vietnamese joints where I live so I was keen to try!

Alicia's technique didn't start too differently to what I'm used to. But that was until she climbed on my back and ran her knees up and down my back, sliding her feet along my inner thighs. She also rested her knees on my glutes and used her elbows in circular motion all over my back. It may sound odd, but the girl was so tiny and light that all those elbows and knees were rather pleasant. 

Alicia then switched to her hands once again in soothing soft strokes. I prefer a heavier touch but hey, I didn't complain. There was enough hint of TT to keep me honest too. Around 45 minutes in, Alicia cleaned up excess oil with warm wet towels and asked me to flip. Finally!

She started oiling my thighs and Alicia promptly asked if I wanted a "happy ending". Is the pope Argentinian? I thought about setting a price but I didn't want to spoil the moment. 

Alicia had an excellent grip and brought me to a fine wood. She was careful to address all the major cuts: balls, shaft, head. She also gave me these long sexy looks and so the girl knew what she was doing. Alicia also let me caress her and play with her bum. 

I blew long and hard, surprising my ML. She cleaned me up with warm wet towels once again. Alicia was also polite enough to wait for me to ask her what I owed her and the $30 she asked for was fair. 

I hope to be back in Greensborough some time soon and I also hope I've given enough detail for local punters to pay Alicia a visit. On the way out I saw another young Viet ML who looked tasty for others to sample. 

Happy punting!!


H_T






Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk


Floor: #2
Post Time: 8th May 2015, 10:17 AM
Poster ID: Granox
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Isn't this in the wrong section shouldn't it go into Therapeutic Massage Parlours under General Reviews?


Floor: #3
Post Time: 10th May 2015, 08:54 AM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
This place couldn't be Bella's Beauty & Massage on 6 Main St could it ?

http://melbourne.locanto.com.au/ID_3...d-Massage.html





			
				Bella's Beauty and Massage


Welcome to Bella's Beauty and Massage. We offer our clients a wide range of services such as hot stone therapy, lomi lomi, deep tissue massage, traditional Thai and Vietnamese massage etc.

We are open 7 days a week from 10am to 8pm.

Location is 6 Main Street Greensborough VIC 3088.

Contact number is 8418 1425.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 10th May 2015, 08:59 AM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by Granox


Isn't this in the wrong section shouldn't it go into Therapeutic Massage Parlours under General Reviews
"""



 I agree Granox.

The Silver lounge is for posting hot reviews that should not be accessible by newer members (Bronze) - because of the
risk they will do stupid things like saying, "But an AuXXX review says you did .....", or there will be a surge of business
that will lead to a reduction of service.

Since Bronze members cannot access the MP forums and the services provided here seem to be un-exceptional, 
I have relocated the thread as suggested.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 12th May 2015, 11:04 PM
Poster ID: Hottest_tamale
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Gents! This is the place I visited last week. Thank you for clarifying.  Also, I couldn't find a thread for the suburb so I published in the Silver Members lounge. Apologies if this was not correct and thanks once again!


Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk


