Thread Title: 60 High St, Northcote - 0406 333 766
Floor: #1
Post Time: 5th June 2012, 09:30 PM
Poster ID: leyland
Post Title: 
 60 High St, Northcote - 0406 333 766
				
Post Content: 
Natural Health
60 High St Westgarth - last shop before corner with Westgarth Street.
Open approx 10am until 8pm
I was charged $100 /hr
Phone number - sorry, forgot to note this down and could not find online when checking earlier.

Walking in the open door there is a second shopfront inside where you ring a bell.  Greeted by older Asian lady and then taken down a long corridor to a room where a young Chinese lady names Monica (28 y.o.) entered about 30 seconds later.  The masage was so-so and he style was more madness than method.

After the flip (40 mins in) she oils up the legs and away we go.  I negotiated a HJ nude for $20.  Total cost $120/hr.

Looks - 7
Massage - 6
HJ - 6
WIR - maybe.  The value is not really strong but for something different this may be worth checking out.  With some more practice and guidance this young lady may be a bit better for other punters.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 23rd October 2012, 10:13 PM
Poster ID: leyland
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : forgotten sorry - Japanese or Korean.

Establishment : Natural Health

Date of Visit : 30th September

Rates : 60 mins approx $80 + HJ for $20  Total price was $100.

Age : 30 possibly.  Tattoo of flower below belly button.

Size/shape : 8 to 10.

Nationality or Ethnicity : I would say I am 80% certain she was Japanese but 20% of me thinks she was Korean.

Services Provided : Massage and HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes if you want something different to PRC/ Vietnamese ladies.


Walk in to a foyer and ring the doorbell.  You are then escorted down a corridor and given a room so you don't pick who you get.  You could specify Japanese/ Korean though I suppose.

Happily surprised by the quality of the lady.  Usual process, massage was not too bad, a bit of hard and a bit of soft then the tease, the flip and the negotiation.  Quick on the erection and slow on the blow, the young lady gave a champion effort that would have seen her win a rowing regatta in London one handed.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 23rd November 2012, 06:49 PM
Poster ID: barnes
Post Title: 
 60 High St Northcote
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Tam

Establishment : Massage & relaxation

Date of Visit : 20/11/2012

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 60 High St Northcote

Hours of Business : 10:30 - 9pm

Rates : 45 massage + 20 tug 

Age : 30+

Size/shape : C, size 8

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : massage + tug 

Value for money/recommend? :unsure maybe 

My experience/comments : Headed to the local joint, needed more  a massage than anything else. 
Early thirties petite lady showed me into the room . The massage was ok without anything special ~ 6/10. 
Then when flipped she asked the question whether i wanted a tug, and i thought why not . Hand technique 
was fine and wasn't too long when i went over the line .. The only downside was she refused to go nude ..


Floor: #4
Post Time: 16th January 2013, 03:54 PM
Poster ID: Dodge1960
Post Title: 
 Tina @ 60 High St Northcote
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Tina

Establishment : Nature Healing Centre.  60 High St Northcote (with rear lanway entry)

Date of Visit : 16/1/13

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Local Leader Classifides

Hours of Business : 9.30am - 8.30pm

Rates : $70 1/2 hour nude R&T massage.  $140 the hour

Age : 22

Size/shape : A tiny size 6 with delicate features and a brightsmile.  Shoulder length dark hair andsmall breasts with large extended nipples. About 145cm tall.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese with very good English

Services Provided : A propper massage while nude with happy ending.  No FS but BJ for $20

Value for money/recommend? : Yes, Yes and Yes

My experience/comments : This place has a convenient back door from a rear lanewaythat I used.  I was greeted by an olderChinese lady who showed me to a room with a central massage table and acouch.  All tidy and clean.  Tina came in and I handed over my $70 and sheleft me to undress.  I hopped up on thetable and lay face down as Tina returned, locked the door and proceeded toundress beside me where I could get a good perve on her tight body.  She is a diminutive size 6, about 145cm talland would struggle to tip the scales much over 50kg.  Her English is good having learned it in Beijingbefore arriving in Australia to study accounting 2 ½ years ago.  She works here on Wednesdays and Thursdays tofit in Uni.  She is also a goodconversationalist which is how I got all this.
I opted for a firm oil massage and Tina stood in front of myhead working on my upper back and shoulders with her tummy pushing against thetop of my head.  When I looked up I couldgreat great view of her trimmed pussy with a thin line of pubes covering herlips.  She then moved around the tableusing long hand and forearm strokes, occasionally slipping a hand between myopened thighs and bum cheeks just to keep my pecker awake.  Being so tiny allowed her to hop on the tableand lean into her work and also sit on me with a knee between my thighs justbrushing my nut sack.  I could feel the wispof pubic hair on the back of my thigh every time she sat down on me.

After dismounting the table she moved onto my legs and I hadasked her to go hard here as they were sore from a fare bit of exercise I havebeen doing.  Again lots of oil and shereally lent in using her forearms and it felt great.  All the time we chatted about her life herein Aus and my work.  Her English is verygood.

Then came the light fingernail touch, circling my bum cheeksand drifting between my thighs to the base of my nuts for a good 5 mins.  She then slid a hand under as I raised myhips to give here better access.  I moanedto let her know I was enjoying it and said that felt great.  She leant in to my ear and said "youalways get a special massage here".

I had to turn over so I did and she treated my pecker to thesame light touching from the tip to the base of my nut sack.  I asked her if she was ok with me touchingher and she was fine with my left hand wondering all over her.  I asked if she did any extras and she said noFS but would BJ for $20 which I declined as she was doing such a great job sofar and I reckon a good HJ is better than a poor BJ any day.

So, with that she giggled and oiled me up.  Using both hands she stroked slowly, the fulllength of my shaft and balls building me up. I moaned to let her know I was getting closer so she increased thepressure and kept stroking right through every pulse of my orgasm until Istopped.  (There's nothing worse than agirl stopping as you start spurting I think).

She cleaned me up using tissues and then wet wipes,squeezing the last drop out of my old fella to make sure I was all clean.  As there was a few minutes left of my timeshe massaged my legs until the ½ hour was up.

Tina may be tiny but good things come in small packages andshe is a ripper.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 1st March 2013, 11:42 PM
Poster ID: 99classic
Post Title: 
 60 High St Northcote
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sarah

Establishment : Nature Healing

Date of Visit : 27/2/13

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :

Hours of Business : 10 - 8

Rates : 30min / $45

Age : 30s

Size/shape : 10 small

Nationality or Ethnicity : chinese

Services Provided : R&T

Value for money/recommend? : Yes, yes

My experience/comments : The massage was good from Sarah on Wednesday.  Tickled me in the usual place to get the action started and had a good feel before asking me to flip.  Her english was ok so we had a good rapport going. She didn't mind me having a feel under her dress but wanted tips for clothes off.  I was a bit light on cash so just let her finish the massage and I left with a smile.  Next time I might see what I can get for an extra $20.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 15th March 2013, 06:07 PM
Poster ID: 99classic
Post Title: 
 Awesome Relax Massage
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Wendy

Establishment : Awesome Relax Massage

Date of Visit : 12/3/13
Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 60 High St Northcote

Hours of Business : 10 - 8

Rates :30min / $80
Age : 30

Size/shape : 8 , small B's
Nationality or Ethnicity : PRC
Services Provided :Nude, R&T

Value for money/recommend? : I was happy.

My experience/comments : Had another crack at this shop in Northcote and again a happy result.  Hadn't seen Wendy before and her English was good.  told me she's only just started here and only works Wednesday.  Paid $50 to the boss and shown to the room which was ok but not super clean.  Wendy came in and I was happy with what I saw.  I don't mind if they aren't 18-20 yrs old ços they usually have some experience, and Wendy looked about 30, slim, smallish boobs but overall to my liking.  I was on the table when she came in and started a firm but not too hard massage which was what I felt like after work.  I had rub of her legs and it didn't take long before she asked if I wanted her to strip.  I said ok and after a small negotiation we agreed for $20 she took her kit off.  The massage continued until about the 20 min mark, when I was asked to turn over.  I'd been rubbing her legs and ass, and she'd had a bit of a feel of the tackle from behind, so when I flipped there was no mistaking my state of arousal.  She gave him a gentle stroke and then asked, ýou want oil there'.  After the obvious how much, I was happy with another $10 as agreed and she finished me off pretty quickly with an good but nothing outstanding HJ.
After cleaning me up, she finished the 1/2 hour with a shoulder and head massage which was very relaxing.  I'd certainly see her again and thought the $80 was ok, considering the price some others say they pay on this site.  I think negotiate is the key, cos they will all take as much as they can get.


Floor: #8
Post Time: , 
Poster ID: 
Post Title: None
Post Content: 



Floor: #9
Post Time: 4th April 2013, 09:48 PM
Poster ID: stripchecker
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Contact Details/Person's Name : Tina

Establishment : Nature Healing Centre.  60 High St Northcote (with rear lanway entry)

Date of Visit : 04-04-2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Auxxxreviews

Hours of Business : 10:0am - 8:00pm

Rates : $70 1/2 hour nude R&T massage.  $140 the hour

Age : 22

Size/shape : 6

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese with very good English

Services Provided : A tender time

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : 
Sitting on the bench naked and ready, Tina came up and became up close and personal.
A lot of caressing and touching the right places. She wanted me to lie down, I said we can continue as is.
Mutual play, and I could feel the liquids starting to flow.
I sat on the towel cover couch while sat on the edge of the bench, spread her legs, her right foot on my knee. She then start to play with her self.
After a while, she started to twitch and lose balance. I sat her on the couch, and I sat on the bench.
I blew towards her, and she seemed happy with the result.
Another day, we'll continue. I would of extended, but another punter was waiting.


Floor: #10
Post Time: 9th April 2013, 02:44 PM
Poster ID: cl-dean
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Contact Details/Person's Name : Lucy

Establishment : Nature Healing Centre. 60 High St Northcote

Date of Visit : 9/4/2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : As above

Hours of Business : 10:00 am - 8:00 pm

Rates : $70 1/2 hour nude R&T massage + $50 extras

Age : 20s

Size/shape : NFI. Chubby with A or B cup tits

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese with very good English

Services Provided : DATY, BBBJ

Value for money/recommend? : No

My experience/comments : Popped in today for a quickie. Massaman recognized me from last time (when she refused a nude massage), and Angela-no-whoops-that's-my-name-at-another-place-it's-Lucy-here came in. Negotiated extras (BJ and DATY) for +$50. More fool me. Her nether regions stank to high heaven. Her BJ was lame, although it was BB. No touching of nipples. Don't kiss my neck. And on it went.

Lucy works on Tuesday. Avoid.


Floor: #11
Post Time: 23rd April 2013, 09:49 PM
Poster ID: stripchecker
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Details/Person's Name : Symphony(?)

Establishment : Nature Healing Centre. 60 High St Northcote

Date of Visit : 22/4/2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : As above

Hours of Business : 10:00 am - 8:00 pm

Rates : $70 1/2 hour nude R&T massage

Age : 20s

Size/shape : 8-10 Chubby with A cup

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : RnT

Value for money/recommend? : 50/50

My experience/comments : 
Popped in due to convenience. Mamasan saw and recognised me from previous trips.
Asked for the young one. Usually there is a going one and an older one (been around a while). I waited patiently for 10+ minutes. In popped a small, bespectacled, warmly dressed girl. Not particularly attractive, but acceptable. Went into the room, where I was asked how long. 30 minutes (my preference for an unknown). As I handed over a hundred, I thought I'd mention "massage only", just in case.
I sat on the bench for another 10 minutes. I think she went to the toilet, since she returned after heard the toilet flush.
She stripped off slowly, the problem you have with street clothes. She walked over (without glasses) and moved in close. Being very intimate. Her face edging closer and closer. Then a slight peck, then another. She locked my lips and kissed me like the days of first kisses during the old school days.
Very sensual. Stroking each other. This went on for a while, then I chose to be closer to her height and sat on the couch, she stood in front, leaning forward. I played with her button and fired her up, as I noticed liquid slot accumulating.
She comes closer to me and asks if she can suck me. I subtle declined (didn't want to be hit for extras today). We continued. She started to wiggle a little, then the knees started to give way a bit. Eventually she looks at me and says "...you want to fuck?", as she continued to drip heavily. I again opted out.
Now, close to the 30 minute mark, she notices the time, 5 minutes left. She sits next to me and makes an effort to have me finish, but when she thinks something will happen she jumps out of the way... Well that's distracting. Therefore I take a little longer. Now we are 5 minutes over. She jumps up and tells me we're over, and starts dressing. Not even asking if a need more time. Fortunately I was already at the edge and deposited in a tissue. She walked out and came back when I was dressed and ready to leave. Didn't even take the tissues!!
She was more afraid of time over than anything else.
She is inexperienced, even though she would of been there for a little while.
Odd, and not the best finish.


Floor: #12
Post Time: 6th June 2013, 04:35 PM
Poster ID: Gilbo
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
symphony is very good at wwhat she does 8.5out of10


Floor: #13
Post Time: 16th June 2013, 01:53 AM
Poster ID: tmtm
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
i dont think symphony does extra. i went there last time she did nothing for me  ... Shift+R improves the quality of this image. CTRL+F5 reloads the whole page.


Floor: #14
Post Time: 23rd July 2013, 09:10 AM
Poster ID: cycleguy1275
Post Title: 
 High St Northcote
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Symphony

Establishment : Awesome relax massage 

Date of Visit : 24/6/13

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 60 High St Northcote 0406 333 766

Hours of Business : early, until 10pm (I think)

Rates : 30mins $50, $20 for extra

Age : 30ish

Size/shape : bout a size 10, not exactly cute but nice

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian

Services Provided : Sensual massage, HJ, happy ending

Value for money/recommend? : Pretty average massage, focused around the back and shoulders.  Great position as you can play with her ass and work her clothes down...Once the panties are off I turned over and she hopped up on the table and put her pussy right on top, great view, little hair but it didn't get in the way!

My experience/comments : Great experience and I will be back


Floor: #15
Post Time: 17th November 2013, 07:23 PM
Poster ID: ritual
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
has anybody been recently? any new girls? want to check this place out in the next couple of weeks.


