Thread Title: 60 Sydney Rd, Brunswick - 0422 746 992
Floor: #1
Post Time: 25th July 2012, 10:39 PM
Poster ID: Cubanrockclimber
Post Title: 
 60 Sydney Rd, Brunswick - 0422 746 992
				
Post Content: 
I rang the old 118 Doncaster Rd number and got a call back stating that they'd closed down and I should now try 60 Sydney Rd Brunswick.

I ventured over and found the entrance leading to a staircase going up (stairway to heaven?!!).   I was met by the head lady who shuffled me into a massage room.   Great big rooms with plenty of space.

Sula (sp?)  is introduced to me as one of her best ladies.   She's wearing a nice short black dress and seems to have about a size 10-12 body with nice curves.   She'd be a little older - mid thirties, even nudging forty I'd say and from China.   I believe she works Mon & Thurs and her English is barely understandable..   Some little kisses are exchanged and other than overdoing calling me 'darling' she seems pleasant enough!

Price is the same as 118 - $70 for 30mins.   I opt for this and hand over the loot as she leaves the room while I undress.

She comes back and immediately takes off that dress.   Reveals a nice black thong and bra.   I actually ask for a firm massage on my back prior to anything else which she delivers surprisingly well.

I begin rubbing her silky smooth legs and eventually she takes her bra off.   I nuzzle on her perky tits - a healthy B Cup with the most amazingly erect nipples that love the attention.   I make the comment that she's still overdressed and she doesn't hesitate removing her panties.   She now begins to put her hand between my legs and I instantly grow for her.   She asks me to flip over which I do and I now begin to play with her pussy.   It's a tad on the hairy side but I can certainly feel her wetness- and it seems natural.   A little more playing with her clit and I ask about extras.  Her English wasn't the best but I'd have a guess that anything may be on the menu.  I opted for a CBJ which was an extra $30.   After leaving the room to get the 'dom she rushes back and gets straight into it.   Her technique was excellent - puts it on with her mouth and nice deep sucks.   Plenty of ball touching with me friggin her clit the whole time.   I shoot my load into the 'dom and she comments on the quantity of jism - well....it'd been a while!!!

So I'd venture back again, even if it's a bit of a hike from the Eastern suburbs.   Great value for money even if the Sula didn't seem to be the youngest or prettiest - but she was certainly acceptable.

Enjoy.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 1st September 2012, 03:06 PM
Poster ID: Elfang
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Tried to ring and seems to be disconnected.. Are they still in action???


Floor: #3
Post Time: 3rd September 2012, 06:43 AM
Poster ID: Elfang
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Follow up..I ventured forth and drove there and to my surprise it was there.

Walked up the stairs to be greeted by a Chinese lady, probably about in her twenties with little english.

Door locked, i asked her to unveil and began the massage. Size B with very erect nipples..love that.

For the customary $30 with dom on she was mine....

Very nice..need to go again and see who else is on offer, although the Thai across the road looks interesting.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 16th October 2012, 09:25 AM
Poster ID: cl-dean
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lily

Establishment : 60 Sydney Rd

Date of Visit : 10/10/12

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : As above

Hours of Business : Unknown

Rates : $70/30 mins

Age : early 30s at a guess

Size/shape : Medium, long hair, glasses

Nationality or Ethnicity : PRC

Services Provided : Nude massage, light kissing, COB

Value for money/recommend? : Maybe

My experience/comments : Was in the area, and recalled reading about this place, so popped in. Love the handrail on the staircase heading up, and it's a weird old place once you get up the top. There saeems to be this large space out the back where they also do massages, but I got shown into a room. No messing around, it was $70 for 30 mins nude massage. Lily's English was barely comprehensible. Seemed to have a nice enough nature, massage was no god, but she seemed to like cock.

Good for a quick and nasty session, would probably drop in again if I had time and in the area.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 24th March 2013, 09:08 PM
Poster ID: Mungdean
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
This place is ghetto, they are only interested in selling FS for a reasonable $100, not my thing to be honest and will not return, if you are searching for that type of action go to a venue with choice.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 12th August 2013, 03:10 AM
Poster ID: Danster
Post Title: 
 Brunswick Massage
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : CC

Establishment : Brunswick Massage Centre

Date of Visit : 31/7/13

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Upstairs at 60a Sydney Rd. 0404 266 749

Hours of Business : 10 to 6 weekdays

Rates : $60 hour/ $80 nude

Age : late 30s

Size/shape : medium, not too flabby for age

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian

Services Provided : good massage, r&t

Value for money/recommend? : good massage, fun extras

My experience/comments : Phoned ahead to check on availability. Two girls on. CC a bit younger and more attractive, cheeky personality. Only works 2 days a week here. Clean rooms, fresh towels. A great massage for sports soreness, with nude and HJ extra $20. Good firm HJ technique to completion. No other extras offered on first visit but a fun hour and left much relieved.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 23rd September 2013, 08:43 PM
Poster ID: misterpunter
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Amy

 Establishment : 60 Sydney Rd

 Date of Visit : 20/09/2013

 Contact Details/Address/Weblink : As above

 Hours of Business : Unknown

 Rates : $70/30 mins

 Age : mid 30s 

 Size/shape : long red hair and glasses

 Nationality or Ethnicity : eastern eurpean

 Services Provided : mass, fs

 Value for money/recommend? : nah

 My experience/comments : It was my first time here and I was surprised at what a dump it is. I was shown into a room by chinese woman, negotiated the price. When Amy walks into the room I was sitting on the table. She gives me my $30 change which I put on top of my clothes and she undresses.  Her English is poor to disfunctional. She starts on a massage which focuses on my arse and only lasts a minute or so.  Then motions toward the $30 and we negotiate BJ and FS. Shes compliant but not overly interested.


