Thread Title: 708A Plenty Road - Reservoir - 0413 203 261
Floor: #1
Post Time: 30th January 2017, 05:37 PM
Poster ID: Jersybull
Post Title: 
 708A Plenty Road - Reservoir - 0413 203 261
				
Post Content: 
Have been getting Wechat dailys from this place and decided to check it out on Saturday on my way to another venue.
Did a search on here and it does not appear to have been reviewed as yet.
The girls being advertised on the wechat look ok so ventured in after talking to the receptionist on wechat first. She seemed ok and I got the impression talking to her that it was probably another RnT on plenty, gee as if we need another one?
I walked in and the receptionist was a reasonably good looking Asian girl about 25 to 30. 
Asked her if the girl advertised on wechat was available as advertised. She told me she was busy, wait 15 minutes, or if I preferred, she would do the massage.
Decided not to stay but probably would have if the advertised girl 'busty Julia,' was available.
The place looked very clean, not like your typical RnT, especially the ones on Plenty, suspect it may be semi legit hj only but that dosent worry me, so hopefully in the next couple of weekends I will forgo my weekend regular joint and check this place out and do a review.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 15th May 2017, 05:57 PM
Poster ID: punt road
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name:      Dream (that's what she said – checked twice!)

Establishment:    Sky Massage

Date of Visit:      12/05/17

Contact Details/Address/Weblink:    708A Plenty Rd Reservoir    T: 0413203261

Hours of Business:    10am – 10pm 7 days/week

Rates:   $50 ½ hour clothed massage

Age:    Early-mid 20's

Size/shape:    8

Nationality or Ethnicity:    PRC

Services Provided:      Massage only - extras are available (read on)

Value for money/recommend? :    Not really

My experience/comments :      So I'm in this area last week and remember Jerseybull's post so decide to give it a go.  It was around noon on a Friday and Plenty Rd pretty busy so bit hard to get a discrete entrance here!   Enter and greeted by a short 20 something at the front desk.   Prices hand written on the wall on bit of paper stuck on…yep, this is a RNT joint I think.   Went for the $50 ½ hour  option. No one else in there so asked if extras available and she said you can work that out with the lady when you are in there. Well it wasn't a no..  Caught a glimpse of a youngish Asian girl on a couch behind a screen and she looked pretty good so thinks looking up if it was her.  It was indeed and she led me into one of the 2 tiny rooms they have that are pretty claustrophobic.  Told me to take clothes off and she would be back. Asked he about extras before she disappeared and she said 'let's just start the massage and see how we go"….hmm.   Anyway strip off and lie down all pretty clean, covers on the table and my tallish and pretty attractive 20 something PRC comes back and the massage starts and I ask her name and she says "Dream".  Confirms this, so dream I did about her getting her gear off and us getting it on.   The massage was pretty good…lots of elbow action, not too much oil  and got a lot of the knots in my back and shoulders out.  She seemed to know what she was doing.   We chatted away a bit..I didn't try and touch her at all, just wanted to see where this was going.  After about 15 mins or so she goes and gets some hot water and towels and wipes my back down then asks me to turn over.  She says "do you want extra service?" I say "yes", she says "what would you like" and I say "everything that is available".  She says I can have a topless HJ for $50…that's all I do!   I said that's a bit much, can we negotiate this to which she replied, and I quote, "Well you can go and get full service from a 45 year old Chinese lady up the road if you want but here you get a young girl who talks to you"   Well feck me…the young PRC with attitude!  So I was paying for her stimulating conversation and command of the English language...wow. Said no to any extras politely…finished my massage in silence and was out of there….off to explore the FS options up the road !!      WIR – let me think…NO!


Floor: #3
Post Time: 15th May 2017, 07:22 PM
Poster ID: Jersybull
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Well done Punt Road, more people should walk especially in this area, not far away, where in a lot of places $70 gets you a nude massage and tug, and many places do have young ones doing it. I will not be going there. I checked it out ages ago, went in and spoke to boss and thought it was probably legit or expensive. So many options so close.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 15th May 2017, 11:31 PM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
The creativity of some of the name's i just love it


