Thread Title: Ashoka Massage - 222 Plenty Rd, Preston - 0434 263 668
Floor: #1
Post Time: 28th November 2014, 04:39 PM
Poster ID: punt road
Post Title: 
 Ashoka Massage - 222 Plenty Rd, Preston - 0434 263 668
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name :   Puki 

Establishment :    Ashoka Massage

Date of Visit :      28/11/2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :  222 Plenty Road, Preston VIC

Hours of Business :   Not sure

Rates :   $40/ 1/2 hour massage + extras

Age :   25 approx

Size/shape :  size 8-10, 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Vietnamese

Services Provided :   Massage  + HE

Value for money/recommend? :  For Massage -Yes 
My experience/comments :     After reading that this place had changed hands, was in the area today and thought I would pop in. It was around 11.00am and was greeted at the top of the stairs by the mamassan who was in her 40's I guess. Very nice lady offered me tea or water. Then showed me to a nice room with soft music playing, put the heater on (summer next week?) and made me feel very welcoming. opted for a half hour massage for $40. I asked her if the girls do extras and she nodded and half smiled and I thought this sounds promising. Stripped off and lay on the table and a reasonably attractive Viet girl came in. She had short hair with a bit of a boyish round face and a tight dress, quite shapely. Started to give me a very nice firm but relaxing massage using oil on back and bum/legs. Stayed away from the tackle and no real hint of extras. It was a good massage though with long flowing strokes and combined with the music and the soft lighting nearly put me to sleep! This lasted about 15-20 mins then she rushed off and got some warm water to wipe off the oil, asked me to turn over and started on the front. After a few minutes of her massaging my chest and legs, I asked her if she would massage down there and she smiled and said "yes, if you pay extra". She wanted $30 and would only allow touching on the outside of her dress. I asked about removing some of it and it was no go as she pointed to the "non-sexual massage" sign on the wall (but she would happily give me a handy for $30 ??). At this point I thought I was losing interest and she wasn't budging on price or anything else so just had the massage and left. 
Nice place for a massage but not much extra on offer from this girl.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 29th November 2014, 05:01 PM
Poster ID: Jersybull
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
$70 for a fully clothed RnT in this area, given the good competition not far away, is way overpriced. Tell em their dreaming.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 17th May 2015, 09:06 AM
Poster ID: Goboy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by Jersybull


$70 for a fully clothed RnT in this area, given the good competition not far away, is way overpriced. Tell em their dreaming
"""



I was heading to 621 Plenty rd on Saturday and passed this place on the way.Thought I would do a check out.
No doubt about it Preston /Northcote /Thornbury ,must be the massage  nivanas of Melbourne.
I had driven down High st from Thornbury to Northcote and returned up Plenty rd.I counted 21 massage shops and am sure I missed another dozen
What do we punters do all day? This is a new industry.
Up the stairs to this place to do a check,greeted by a mid forties viet lady in a tight cut away dress ,exposing what looked to be a nice set.She said $50 for the hr (special); there was a younger 20s lass making food in the kitchen ,dressed for action too.
I thought ,why not .so I settled in for the hour with the older lady and gave her $50.The set up is clean and basic,showers and stacks of clean towels in the self contained rooms
I strip of and notice on the wall a large "sexual services not provided ,leave your underwear on". Ha ha , gee mine are off already ;what to do?
She comes in and immediately says "nice body" whilst running her hands over my arse  for about a minute.Yeah yeah ,we have all heard that one too ;  it tells a story of where she is at I summize.
She starts on a nice firm back massage ,no signs of anything else.I am not bothered cause I am on my way to 621 Plenty rd after this.I turn over ,no towel ,no worries.
Her hands stard to roam so likewise I take a share of her arse which is quite firm and shaply.no protest
She asks if I would like some extra .What price ? $20 .I ask if she will do nude ? No don't do that.
At this point I think I would be better to hold on for the lot with Tiffany at 621 ,so I politly say "next time ,when I can take my time" ( She is singing in viet to the background music whilst massaging and tells me she sings at viet church on Sunday).
I don't think she believed me about return.
Would I return? Can't see it happening too soon.
Goboy


