Thread Title: Body & Soul Bliss Massage - 109 Maribyrnong Rd, Ascot Vale - 0449 020 500
Floor: #1
Post Time: 22nd January 2014, 08:03 AM
Poster ID: Elfang
Post Title: 
 Body & Soul Bliss Massage - 109 Maribyrnong Rd, Ascot Vale - 0449 020 500
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Mary

Establishment : Body & Soul Bliss Massage

Date of Visit : 21st January

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 109 Maribyrnong Rd, Ascot ValeVIC....0449 020 500
 
Hours of Business : 11am to 10pm

Rates :  $50 half hour, $65 45mins & $80 one hour

Age : mid 20's

Size/shape : 10 Red hair, C cup

Nationality or Ethnicity : French traveller (days off Wednesday and Thursday)

Services Provided :  Massage only

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : 
After looking at Locanto, I found this in Ascot Vale and it seemed new. Had my usual vietnamese haircut in Footscray and headed of to Ascot Vale. It is on the main road and not too discreet.
Went to open and the door was locked with a sign to ring the bell. Did that and thought this looks good.
A pretty young lady answered and she was the only one available as the other girl did not arrive till midday.

I asked asked to stop and she would be back. The room was a good size and clean. She arrived and start the massage. Her skills are excellent and the best I have had in ages. She was leaning over and i was a good sign, so I touched her leg...she said " don't touch me"...fair enough I enjoyed my 45min massage. She cleaned me down and left the room.

So much for the locked front door. While getting dressed I notice the tissues and wet ones, a tell tale that more is offered by others...one more try I think.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 22nd January 2014, 08:23 AM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by Elfang


Person's Name : Mary

Establishment : Body & Soul Bliss Massage
.
.
After looking at Locanto, I found this in Ascot Vale and it seemed new. Had my usual vietnamese haircut in Footscray and headed of to Ascot Vale. It is on the main road and not too discreet...
"""



Thank you for your review Elfang.

Here's one of at least a couple of Locanto ads ( Relaxation, Deep Tissue, Lomi Lomi, Thai Massage Ascot Vale, Melbourne ),

"Relaxation, Deep Tissue, Lomi Lomi, Thai Massage Ascot Vale - 22

Opening This Sunday (29/12/13)
Best Massage Service now in Ascot Vale & Moonee Ponds Area.
Do you have pain, headache or just want to relax? Come to Body & Soul Bliss Massage.
Beautiful relaxing atmosphere & clean, comfort and vibrant environment. We have really friendly and experienced staff.

We have Thai, Vietnamese and European Girls. All are very young and friendly and give excellent service.

Call at 0449020500 to book or just walk in."


And another one with the same phone,


"Come for a nice Massage Ascot Vale, Flemington Area - 23

New Shop Open in Ascot Vale, Kensington, Flemington Area. Our Rooms are neat and clean with full of freash fragrance.

All New & qualified masseurs with different techniques. They know how to give you maximum relaxation and provide you best massage.
Very friendly staff and good service.
Girls are beautiful and experienced.

We look after our customers and offer great relaxation massage to make you feel nice, relax & enjoy the moment.

Call at 0449020500 to book or just walk in."


Floor: #3
Post Time: 4th August 2017, 06:59 AM
Poster ID: antares01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Emily

Establishment : Body & Soul Bliss Massage

Date of Visit : August 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 109 Maribyrnong Rd Ascot Vale / 0449 020 500 / unable to find a website

Hours of Business : 11am to 10pm

Rates : $70/hr plus extras

Age : 20's

Size/shape : Slim 6 B cup shaved

Nationality or Ethnicity : Japanese

Services Provided : Nude RnT

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : While you can drop in without booking, the couple of times I have tried they have been booked out.  Phoned ahead and made a booking,  I arrived in the area early then got a SMS pushing my booking back 20 min   Entrance door opens onto street and they keep it locked so you have to press the doorbell and wait on footpath to be let in.  If you are a local, this may be a problem.

Emily was very apologetic for the delay and took me through to a dimly lit treatment room,  checked I wanted to stay for 1 hour, took my money told me to take off all clothes and she will be back soon.  Room was nicely heated and the table was covered in clean towels.  I also noted it was a top end massage table, motorised height adjustable, nicely padded, adjustable face cradle and armrest shelf 

Emily returned and we had a little get to know you chat and discussed what massage pressure I would like.   I raised the question of extras => $30 HE, 50 topless HE and 80 nude HE + touch anywhere.  I chose the $80 option and gave Emily the extra fee.  

Once I had settled on the very comfortable table, Emily commenced a medium pressure oil massage.  I have to say, it was not a particularly therapeutic effort, more just a general stroking massage with no working of any particular muscle groups, quite pleasant though.  After a while, Emily's hands started to spend some time passing through my bum crack and groin creases.  She was really quite good at this although she never attempted any full reach through TT .  During the massage Emily is quite good to have a chat with but if you stop talking she gets the message and does the same.

At about the half way point she got me to turn over and commenced on my front.  Nice leg then chest/stomach massage leading quite nicely into a very competent HE.  Initial cleanup with tissues and wipes then Emily gave me a very nice wind down massage which was a nice touch.  Clean up with wet towels and out the door at the 60 min mark.  Emily also does lomi massage and I am considering returning to see what she is like at this.  Emily did mention she gets quite a few female clients.  This surprised me as the shop has a slightly "grungy" look/feel about it.  Emily also mentioned they get booked up quite quickly and you need to book ahead.  Emily appeared to be the only person there, no sign of a receptionist or other ML.

Emily usually works weekends only, however is presently working some week days as well.

Summary

Total cost $150 for the hour nude massage + touching and HE
Emily is a sweet little thing with reasonable English 
WIR?  Yes for Emily


Floor: #4
Post Time: 4th August 2017, 07:16 AM
Poster ID: Frontloader
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks Antares01, good times to be had there, but for $80 with touching what touching was allowed or off limits? FIP, outside only, DATY, kissing? Was there anything that "turned her on" or was it just business as usual (Vanilla)? Thanks .


Floor: #5
Post Time: 4th August 2017, 08:43 AM
Poster ID: antares01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Emily's words were "you can touch anywhere".  I in this case, I was a little tired and I was happy drink in the sight of her lovely body, caress her delicious bottom and enjoy her hands on massage.  Emily had a fairly "professional" approach and I didn't push it.  WRT to your very specific Q's; didn't ask, didn't try and don't know.  Suggest you pay a visit and report back.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 4th August 2017, 07:26 PM
Poster ID: Frontloader
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thx antares1, well you were there and your intial report was a bit devoid of information that you alluded to. Thanks to forum members reports, yours included, I make some of my decisions based on what extras might be on offer knowing full well that YMMV. At this point in time there is nothing in yr 2nd response that instills me with confidence that the offerings that I am looking for might be available for the $80 contribution, and I do appreciate you responding as this is what the whole forum is about- sharing intel, good and bad. So, with that, it's unlikely that I'll take up yr challenge at this stage as my $'s maybe better spent elsewhere. Risk vs reward and distance to travel. I've had my share of nude touching experiences which have ended up with panties on and outside touching only. Happy days.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 7th August 2017, 02:27 PM
Poster ID: WOTAN01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Frontloader, the review is in the Therapeutic Massage section in Victoria and was detailed enough. The only way to find out would be for you to visit yourself but you have declined to do so.

I suggest that you just concentrate on posting your own reviews rather than chipping other members.


Floor: #8
Post Time: 17th March 2018, 12:33 AM
Poster ID: woftam
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Name : Emily

Date of Visit : Sunday 12 March 2018

Establishment : Body & Soul Bliss Massage.  Ascot Vale

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 109 Maribyrnong Road, Ascot Vale (northern Melbourne suburbs).  CXlose to the Union hotel 

Hours of Business :10am to 7pm – 7 days

Rates : 40 – 30 mins / $55 - 45 mins / $70 Hour

Age : Middle 30s at a guess

Size/shape : Mid height Japanese woman,  busty with a very slightly over-weight, but well cared for figure. Facially attractive

Telephone: 0449 020 500

Nationality: Japanese. Been in Australia for several years and speaks good English.

Services: Nude bodyslide with HJ

Value for money/recommend? Sort of – 6.5/10

My experience/comments :

Hi team! 

Continuing my return to semi-active punting after some months in the wilderness. 

I visit the lovely city of Melbourne several times each year and last weekend there, was browsing through Locanto and similar sites for sensual massages in northern Melbourne finding several ads for a Parlor in Ascot Vale.

Decided to just rock up and see how I'd go.  After pushing the door buzzer, I was greeted by a small, petite, Japanese woman, with a pretty face and lovely smile aged late 20's/early 30's) and wearing a black singlet showing a healthy amount of side boob plus short denim cut-off -shorts.  She was deferential in that very polite Japanese way when explaining the massage prices etc.  Overall threw off a very good vibe, speaking very good English.

I opted for a 1 hour full body oil massage for $70, she then taking me into a nice dim lit room telling me to get ready and she'd be back.  Nothing was said about underwear on or off so I took this as a sign that extras might be on the cards.  I got bare and lay on the table. She returned and gave me one of the best massages I have ever had accompanied by a good chat too.

There was plenty of discrete ball and rim teasing during the massage though when she asked me via sign language if I wanted happy ending.  She said $30 for a clothed HJ, $70 for a nude HJ and $1200 for a body slide.  

Opted for the body slide which Emily proceeded to do with skill and sexiness encouraging boob nuzzling and suckling.

Enjoyed myself but simultaneously kicked myself for paying over the Sydney odds for a RNT.  So the stories about expensive Melbourne are unfortunately true.

Massage was a good tease.  Emily mainly works weekends.

WIR: While Emily was good company and gave a great sexy massage, she was expensive by Sydney standards; however I have no idea whether her prices are typical by Melbourne standards.  So probably would not return in a hurry


Floor: #9
Post Time: 17th March 2018, 05:44 PM
Poster ID: happyending
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
$1200 for body slide is expensive anywhere !!


Floor: #10
Post Time: 18th March 2018, 08:47 AM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by happyending


$1200 for body slide is expensive anywhere !
"""



  " Kicking myself for paying over the odds compared to Sydney rnt's"

120$ was surely the price, when these Sydneysiders pop down here for a massage , our massage girls  attack  your wallet like no other lol


