Thread Title: Bonnie and friends - 495 High Street Northcote - 0419 503 163
Floor: #1
Post Time: 7th October 2016, 04:13 PM
Poster ID: cl-dean
Post Title: 
 Bonnie and friends - 495 High Street Northcote - 0419 503 163
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Bonnie

Establishment : Unnamed Studio

Date of Visit : 7/10/16

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 495 High Street, Northcote, 0419 503 163, advertising online

Hours of Business : Unknown

Rates : $120/30, $200/60

Age : 20s

Size/shape : Slim to skinny, B-C cups bobs

Nationality or Ethnicity : European

Services Provided : Massage, boob slides, mystical talk, breathing exercises

Value for money/recommend? : No

My experience/comments : 

So I stumbled across this ad, and knew I'd be in the vicinity for work on Friday. Made a booking the day before, and that part of it was smooth as. Rocked up to find the blinds down and the door locked, so messaged them -- I needed to knock louder! The door opened and a petite blonde wearing not much opened the door -- very easy on the eye. I'm a couple of minutes early, she said, Bonnie is still with her previous client. Please take a seat. I was offered water and a shower.

Sat there for a few minutes, and eventually previous client leaves. Bonnie comes out -- the photos are indeed accurate. We head into the room, which has a bed, lots of fake candles and the like, and I hand over the $120. Undress please, she says, and I'll be back. So I do, and back she comes, promptly stripping down to her panties.

A reasonable massage commences, with a bit of light chat on mystical/spiritual themes, then there was a five minute period where we did breathing exercises together. Not exactly how I was planning on using my time, but whatever. The massage continued after our respiratory repose, and then it got into boob sliding. I must say, they felt lovely gliding across my back and bum. The massage continued onto the legs and feet, then a bit more boob sliding, then it was turn over time.

Bonnie was fine with gentle caressing of breasts ("They're nice, aren't they?") and feeling her bum through her high-cut panties. She performed a bit more massage, avoiding the boys, and then, that was it. Would you like a shower? Yes, but I'd also like a handy please. No, no sexual services here.

I'd read the bit about no sexual services in the ad, and pretty much ignored it. Mistake.

As I was covered in oil, I said yes, and then proceeded to enter Northcote's narrowest bathroom for a shower to wash off the oil and be on my way.

Bonnie was very nice, gave an excellent massage but $120 is a bit steep to pay for that, even with the bonus breathing exercises chucked in.

Apparently some of the other tantric practitioners might offer more (was hinted), but if it's OK I'll let someone else TOFTT and report back here. If you're after anything more than a nice massage and tit slide with Bonnie then you'll walk away disappointed.

YMMV of course...

Bonnie said that four girls are working there at the moment, with another two to start in the next week or so.

Dean.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 7th October 2016, 11:13 PM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
You take a lot for the team Dean.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 9th October 2016, 12:22 PM
Poster ID: Tripod
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by brauninc


You take a lot for the team Dean
"""



Couldn't agree more, Dean certainly puts in the hard yards in Melbourne.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 10th October 2016, 08:13 PM
Poster ID: Diamondcutter75
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Good review Dean,

This place just doesn't stack up for the $$$. The girls are polite and reasonably Ok on the eye, but getting to the point , they are pretending to offer " more than just a tug" without actually doing anything more. Perhaps the golden rule here is only 1hr booking receive the treatment? Either way much better value out there. Nude body slides and tiity slides are par these days, and if I hear Tantra or breathing techniques again I will spew up. Avoid this place unless u like being lighter in the pocket with nothing to remember. The bathroom / shower situation is rediculous. Unless you are suffering an eating disorder, you have to be a fucking contorsionist to actually get into the shower.


