Floor: #1
Post Time: 3rd August 2013, 03:56 PM
Poster ID: JustaRandom
Post Title: 
 Bung Pai Thai Massage - 11/1320 Plenty Rd, Bundoora - 9466 8996
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Mai

Establishment : Bung Pai Thai Massage

Date of Visit : 2/8/13

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 11/1320 Plenty Rd, Bundoora - 9466 8996

Hours of Business : 10am - 9pm 

Rates : $50 - 1 hr (opening special)

Age : late 20's

Size/shape : slim with a lil meat

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Massage Only (Amazing)

Value for money/recommend? : YES

My experience/comments : saw this shop's sign - $50 1hr special and just couldnt resist!
few hours to kill during the night and gave them a call.
they were booked out - so tried 300 bell and also very busy there... alot of ppl with saw backs i am assuming.
anyways driving home i decided to give them one last call and they said the girl is usually finishing now, but if you can come soon she will stay - i quickly did a U turn and said i'l be there in 15mins.
this place is brand new with all the traditional thai ornaments, etc.
the rooms are warm and its a floor massage!
down side is the wall doesnt go to the ceiling and the cover to the room is a curtain not a door - also heaps of detailed signage on the rules of keeping undies on and no sexual requests of any kind.
so although i was very in the mood, i was happy that it is only $50 for and hour.
in comes Mai and asks if i wanted hard med or soft, having thai massgage done on me before i opted for the medium. Mai has done massage for about 3 years in thailand and about 2 years in melb. so far she has been the best thai massage therapist i have been with. the one hour with her is not long enough! she does an amazing thai massage, and i wasnt even thinking about extras (prob coz i was in alot of good pain).
i even asked if she wanted me to remove my jox rather tucking in the towel and she said no its not allowed. she was professional the whole time and knew exactly what to do!
at the end i gave her a small tip as she had been up all day massaging and i could tell she was exhausted.

WIR? = most definitely - even got myself a loyalty card!  
at $50 an hour, guys do yourself a favour and try it! 
best $50 i have spent all year!


