Thread Title: Crystal - 547 High Street Northcote - 0426 886 207
Floor: #1
Post Time: 15th September 2016, 08:43 PM
Poster ID: cl-dean
Post Title: 
 Crystal - 547 High Street Northcote - 0426 886 207
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Crystal

Establishment : 547 High Street Northcote

Date of Visit : 12/9/16

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0426 886 207 Exotic Massage - Melbourne body rubs - cracker.com.au

Hours of Business : Variable, best to check

Rates : $110/30

Age : Late 30s/early 40s

Size/shape : BBW

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : DATY, nude HJ. CBJ is available for +$50

Value for money/recommend? : Yes, but only just. Having said that, I would return.

My experience/comments : 

I'd seen Crystal's ad on cracker and been trying unsuccessfully for a few weeks to get our times to align. Finally managed it on Monday morning.

Rocked up to the address given to find it a shop that's been there for a while and gave a crappy service the one time I visited it. Thought what the hell and went in anyway. Place seemed empty, then a voice called out to see if it was me. I replied yes, and Crystal came out. Clearly the same lady in the photo, but the photo is quite old, and she's put on a bit of weight since it was taken (this was later confirmed during a chat during the massage).

We went to the room, and I was offered the menu. I don't actually recall all of the prices except what I paid ($110/30 mins), and so off she went. When she came back in, she stripped off and asked did I want a massage or just relief, I confirmed just relief.

Crystal was an excellent conversationalist, and also gave a superb HJ. Due to her size, she is not for everyone, but with her there is no bullshit, no constant upselling -- just an experienced practitioner who prefers her clients to ask about the boundaries and within them she will accommodate.

Back in the late 1990s you'd find a lot of people like Crystal in the Melbourne RnT scene (does anyone remember Dee from that great place on Albion St just off Melville Rd that later moved to Bell St? Or Rebecca from Coburg? Or Michelle's crew from 180 Bourke St?) but these days they are scarce as hen's teeth.

Crystal indicated there's another Aussie with similar approach who works with her, so may be worth checking out, along with an Indian lass and a few others.

(Please note mods, this shop now seems to run a bunch of independents, each with their own phone number, so I've not placed a phone number in the title. If you feel there should be one, Crystal says she works here pretty much every day, so probably best one to use)

Dean


Floor: #2
Post Time: 16th September 2016, 06:37 AM
Poster ID: nextlif
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks Dean. Ive added the phone number to the title ( Is required in all titles). Probably easier to run separate threads if the girls here are independents using different numbers. There a couple of places in NSW doing this which we have separate threads for, as it seems there is less confusion for everyone this way.


