Thread Title: Essentially Exotique - Collingwood - 03 9417 2279
Floor: #1
Post Time: 28th December 2013, 04:21 PM
Poster ID: snoutmobile
Post Title: 
 Essentially Exotique - Collingwood - 03 9417 2279
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Charlene.

Establishment : Essentially Exotique. 

Date of Visit : Sep 2013.

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Essentially Exotique | Boutique DaySpa and Wellness Centre

Hours of Business : 7 days. 11 am to 7pm but later appointments can be pre-booked. 

Rates : $250 for Tantra massage.

Age : 30s.

Size/shape : Medium.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian.

Services Provided : Massage, Nude, HJ. 

Value for money/recommend? : Maybe.

Comments: Place is primarily a standard massage place but they do offer a tantra service. Two types of tantra service - with and without "genital touching". Opted for the genital touching option. 

Like tantra massages provided at other places, there is an "instructional" element to the massage. The massuse (instructor) teaches you breathing techniques and tantra positions.  

The genital touching is done by the massuse on the customer rather than the other way around. 

One hour. 

Massage takes place on a futon in a large massage room. 

At the start of the massage, she leaves the room to allow me to strip completely and lie face down on the futon. Sharlene goes to another room and changes out of her street clothes in to a robe. Massage starts out with her in the robe. As the massage progresses, she removes the robe, then her bra then her underwear until she is fully nude. 

Has quite a good body for a lady in her 30s. Good curves. Not too large or thin. Decent tits which are only slightly saggy. Pussy partly shaven.

As the massage progresses, she moves me in to different positions designed to simulate Tantra sex positions. I am also instructed to breathe in and out at various points. Massage finishes with me on my knees simulating a position. Charlene kneels behind me stroking my dick until I cum.

At times, I would stroke her body and she did not seem to mind. 

Place has a good shower room which I made use of.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 3rd May 2015, 10:35 AM
Poster ID: melbmassage2
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I used to work close to this place and always tempted to go in. Bit pricey but might be worth trying?


