Thread Title: Essendon Thai Massage & Wellness - 62 Napier St Essendon -  (03) 9326 2181
Floor: #1
Post Time: 16th August 2019, 01:02 PM
Poster ID: antares01
Post Title: 
 Essendon Thai Massage & Wellness - 62 Napier St Essendon -  (03) 9326 2181
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Alice

Establishment : Essendon Thai Massage & Wellness

Date of Visit : August 2019

Address: 62 Napier St Essendon

Weblink : https://www.essendonthaimassage.com....ionmassage.php

Phone : (03) 9326 2181

Hours of Business : 10am to 9pm 7 days

Rates : $70/hour plus tips

Age : 30's perhaps

Size/shape : Medium size 8

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : RnT

Value for money/recommend? : Perhaps

My experience/comments : Dropped in without a booking, two women in  reception, Mamasan took my $ and Alice showed me through to the  treatment room.  This is a very nicely setup shop, very clean and tidy.  Alice asked me to take clothes off, lay down and she will be back soon.   I did as instructed and when Alice returned she covered me with a large  fluffy towel and spent perhaps 10 min on a nice kneading massage  through the towel.  She then progressed to an oil massage retaining the  towel for draping - I guess retaining some semblance of a legit massage .  Alice had reasonable massage skills and the massage proceeded in the  normal progression; back and neck then legs and buttocks with just the  occasional "accidental" brush into the groin area.  While the massage  was very nice as far as it went, it did go in a bit long - I estimate 40  min or so.  

Finally Alice asks me to turn over  and hold up the towel as a modesty screen .  Once I am settle with a pillow and covered by the towel Alice placed  her hand over the towel on little Ant and asked if I would him massaged  as well.  I agreed this was a good idea and established Alice wanted $50  hj and $100 nude.  I told her $100 nude was too much for me but it was  clear she wasn't interested in negotiating so I settled for $50 hj.   Alice was happy to get tip $ after we had finished, rolled the towel  down and started a reasonable oiled HJ.  Alice's reasonable HJ skills  were offset by the total absence of any front body massage.  Anyway,   her HJ was OK so it got me over the line.  Usual clean up with tissues  and a token rub with hot/wet towel.

Alice left the room while I was getting dressed and said goodby to me in reception on the 1 hour mark.

WIR?  Possibly, I like the shop setup but not sure I would accept Alice for a repeat booking.


