Thread Title: Hand Legend Massage - 1015 Mt Alexander Rd Essendon - 03 9044 7825
Floor: #1
Post Time: 27th March 2017, 01:45 PM
Poster ID: antares01
Post Title: 
 Hand Legend Massage - 1015 Mt Alexander Rd Essendon - 03 9044 7825
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Ivy

Establishment : Hand Legend Massage

Date of Visit : March 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 03 9044 7825 / 1015 Mt Alexander Rd Essendon / Google search reveals expired Locato ad.  There is also a Honee page.

Hours of Business : 10:30AM to 8:30PM 7 days

Rates : $80/hr plus tips

Age : 20's

Size/shape : Plump 8 C cup perhaps

Nationality or Ethnicity : PRC

Services Provided : RnT

Value for money/recommend? : Not really.

My experience/comments : Dropped in without a booking to TOFTT, Ivy only one there.  This place looks pretty basic and temporary.  I am guessing they won't last all that long.  I ask for 1 hour massage and Ivy takes me to one of the treatment rooms.  Floor to ceiling walls and a solid door.  I note the light is not dimable.  As I am getting undressed, I note the lack of tissue box ......  mmmmmm.  I then notice a couple of toilet paper rolls under the table, yes folks, this has all the feel of a cut price joint  but without the cut price - particularly when I checked the coarse looking toilet paper - yup - sand paper like .  I also note the lack of towel or padding around the face hole in the table - suggest the table is home made and the top is in fact a sheet of chipboard with a 4 - 5 inch face hole courtesy of a Bunnings hole saw but without any further finishing .  

Anyway, Ivy comes back and gives me a surprisingly good standard massage with increasingly sensual touching - clearly she is trying to up for the shop environment  .  Following the flip, Ivy continues with a good front massage and then offers a clothed HJ for the usual $50 ("you can touch me").  I feel a bit sorry for Ivy, she is rather plump, shy and plain but a bit of encouragement and some compliments elicits a lovely smile and a bit of a chat.  I get every impression she has tried hard to give me a good experience.

Ivy's HJ is really quite good.  Initial clean up with sand paper like toilet paper - I noted Ivy brought a 3rd roll in so perhaps the girls have to bring in their own toilet rolls (this place has that sort of feel).  Further clean up with cold wet towels and get dressed somewhat oily.

WIR?  Nope.  I just hope Ivy finds somewhere better to work.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 27th March 2017, 11:20 PM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
As long as u did not walk out with splinters.  A great name for the shop too, thats original, hats off to them for creativity with the business name.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 27th June 2017, 09:55 AM
Poster ID: Iva Biggun
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Tam

Establishment : Hand Legend Massage

Date of Visit : June 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 03 9044 7825 / 1015 Mt Alexander Rd Essendon

Hours of Business : Unsure but I was there midday

Rates : $50 half hour  + tips

Age : 30's

Size/shape : Big

Nationality or Ethnicity : American

Services Provided : Massage + HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Good

My experience/comments : Visited this place late last year when it was well staffed by young Chinese/Taiwanese girls. This time only one gal on and it was Tam. Black American girl with big booty and big boobs. Happy face and big smile. I had to wait as she was just finishing up with another gent.

Once we settled in the massage was strong. Tam loved a chat. Asked if I'd been before and I said yes. She wanted to know when and I sheepishly admitted it was last year. She commented that would have been before the raid and it's different there now. This had me worried. There were a couple of trips out to send customers away. And she apologised said how it was hard to get staff now as the younger girls were worried about visa issues (since the raid). Sounds like they had a visit from authorities some time earlier in the year.

i was concerned nothing was going to be on offer but need not have worried. she raised the issue and checked if I wanted extras and reeled off a few prices. i went for topless handy for $50. I had to see those giant melons. Out they came and she was up for plenty of play and nuzzling and rubbing them over the old fella. This got me going and she pointed me in their direction as I reached the home straight. Alas I was only able to manage a bit of a dribble rather than a spurt so failed to hit the target. getting old.......

A decent enough time but I left thinking large American girls probably aren't for me. Bring back the young Asians. Another chap waiting as I left so they are still getting the clientele it seems despite staffing issues.


