Thread Title: Healthland - Greensborough - 03 8418 6534
Floor: #1
Post Time: 11th May 2015, 07:33 AM
Poster ID: movelikejagger
Post Title: 
 Healthland - Greensborough - 03 8418 6534
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Coco

Establishment : Healthland Greensborough

Date of Visit : 9th May 2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 3/83 Main Street, Greensborough 3088 (03) 8418 6534


Hours of Business : 10.00 am -10.00 pm - 7 days per week

Rates : $70 for 60 mins, $45 for 30 mins

Age : she claimed 25 - I would think more like mid 30's

Size/shape : around 5'5", nice boobs, slight pot belly, plainish looking

Nationality or Ethnicity :   Chinese

Services Provided : Massage and Partial Nude HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes for Services, but "no" for ML

My experience/comments : This was my 4th try on this day. Earlier I had called into Parlours in Fitzroy, Abbotsford & Reservoir and either my requested girl was in a booking (two of those) or the talent available was not to my liking. So given I was then in Reservoir I recalled a recent posted report  re a place in Main Street Greensborough, so thought "what have  I got to lose"?
Drove to Greensborough, parked the chariot and went for a stroll. "Found" this place, which I thought may have been the place in the report, but was a little uncertain. Anyway entered and waited (and waited and waited) at the empty reception area. Finally when I was just about to exit, in the front door dashes Coco. I did not find her phsyically attractive, but due to her lack of english I was unsure whether she was planning to be my ML or not. Before I knew it she had herded me into a tiny room (no lock on the door) and told me the prices. I was now in need of release, given 3 previous false starts, so I thought why not try $45 for 30 mins to test the water (bear in mind at this stage I was unsure who the ml would be and also whether extras were even on the menu).
Coco exits and finally (after a long wait) returns and commands me to get up onto the bench (her lack of english seemed to make her conversation very abrubt, then again maybe she is just plain blunt/rude) . She starts quite a nice, enjoyable massage. So my thoughts at this stage are that I may as well enjoy the massage and am undecided about even asking for extras. As the massage progresses, i start to feel a bit of a stir from the little bloke. It seems that even though she does not appeal to me, her massage technique is relaxing me and I start thinking "mmm maybe I could go a handy"
So on the flip I pop the question.  She asks for $50, No way was I paying $50 for a clothed HJ from (to my eyes) a very plain lady. So I counter with, I will pay $50 for nude HJ. She is ok with that. I then ask how long to go. Only 10 mins. Again I am not paying $50 for 10 mins of nude HJ, so I extend to 1 hour and try to make it as clear as possible that she will be nude for the remainder of the session and that the HJ will be long an slow. She agrees to all, but I am not even sure that she understands, she is totally focussed on the $50. So off the bench, I extract a $50 note + extra $25 for extending the session from my pocket and give it to her. I am still not sure that she is totally on the same page as me as to what I have paid for and how long it will last
Anyway we resume the massage. "Nude" turns out to be , top lifted, bra undone -finally removed, and pants and knickers down around her knees.
She starts the hj, but , like a lot of ml's, she is keen to get it over asap. She is ok with me feeling up the boobs (and surprisingly they are quite nice naturals), but does not encourage access to the nether regions. As we progress I keep asking her to slow and vary areas and speed of stimulation. On each occassion, initially she complies with my instructions and then quickly reverts to what she wants to do - ie. get me off as soon as possible.
During the session I ask about other services and it transpires that she is ok with CBJ and FS, She wont do BBBJ. But everytime I ask about cost she responds with "how much you pay" - clearly her english language skills extend to, and comprehend, this phrase.
So given that neither her looks or attitude appeal to me I find it easy to reject her offers.
Personality wise, during the session she varies from abrubt to extremely friendly, but to me the friendliness seemed more like an act, probably designed to upsell, than a genuine personality trait
Oh and also during the session she is doubling as receptionist. So a couple of times we have to pause, she adjusts clothing and attends to front desk.
Again another turn off
Post HJ and during the remaining massage sessions, she seems to think that it is perfectly acceptable to answer her phone and send txts whilst occassionally returning to this scaled down version of the massage

Post session as I am leaving, I meet and have a brief chat to a younger, girl next door type - Olivia
She is (apparently) Viet and seems nice, but a little too much on the beefy side for my taste - I do stress, not fat just a larger size of Viet girl
Unsure whether she provides similar services or not

WIR ?? - almost certainly no. Definitely not for Coco. Lack of locks on the rooms, to me is a major no no, especially when it seems likely that there are a full range of services on offer. If in the area and badly in need of release I would maybe sample Olivia, but I will not bee hurrying back

I may well try the place that I went looking for (which apparently is at 6 Main Street) originally.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 11th May 2015, 07:40 AM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by leavit2beva


Person's Name : Coco

Establishment : Healthland Greensborough

Date of Visit : 9th May 2015
.

"""



Good discovery and review leavit2beva.

Here's a website for this business, Healthland Wellness Thai Massage


