Thread Title: Heart 2 Heart Massage, 74 Sydney Rd Coburg, 0406 856 988
Floor: #1
Post Time: 13th August 2018, 07:35 PM
Poster ID: Passthru
Post Title: 
 Heart 2 Heart Massage, 74 Sydney Rd Coburg, 0406 856 988
				
Post Content: 
Trying to post a new thread but this isn't working


Sorry mods, had to do this as it wasn't allowing me to start this new thread - just kept losing my post and telling me my post was too short (needing more than 10 characters).


So tried to post up this one-liner first and then I was able to add the report below.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 13th August 2018, 07:36 PM
Poster ID: Passthru
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Mina

Establishment : Heart 2 Heart Massage

Date of Visit : August 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 74 Sydney Rd, Coburg VIC 3058
Phone: 0406 856 988

Hours of Business : 11am-10pm

Rates : 30min - $50

Age : Early 20s?

Size/shape : 160cms or so, about a size 8-10, B cup? (very padded bra) 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian – not stated where from

Services Provided : Massage, naked HJ and some touching 

Value for money/recommend? : Massage passable, HJ pleasant

My experience/comments : 

Hadn’t sampled this section of Sydney Rd in some time so when I saw the sign flashing in the window it was time to take a shot.
Mina opens the door and at first not particularly attractive (but not ugly) but the body seemed to be trim and boobs appeared largish. Mina is wearing leggings and a fleece top over a singlet, hair tied up and looking fit body-wise. Took the option for a 30 minute massage to sample the wares and paid before being taken into the pleasantly warm room.
Into commando for the massage and Mina comes in and drapes me with a towel then we proceed to get acquainted. The effort to establish country of origin is met with “do I look like I’m from x?” each time. Massage is not overly memorable but there are enough touches near the goods to confirm more will be on offer as we chat and the request to remove the towel is readily acted on.
Time to flip and we start discussing extras as her hands brush very closely by the hardening parts. Negotiations don’t proceed too well with a $50 clothed handy being the only offer. However, I did get the impression that two pineapples may get the clothes off. I wasn’t about to offer more than 80 all up for the extras, certainly not for a first time effort even though a pineapple iss above the odds for the area. Payment up front and then on with the extras.
We proceed into a fairly enjoyable handy with some changes in pace and grip, stroking of balls and underneath while I try to massage some nicely curved arse and softly play with the boobs which now are obviously under 3 layers of padded bra. Any exploration closer to the kitty is gently discouraged so I take the hint and settle for nearly there.
The end result is slowly building up and when it arrives, Mina does the job correctly, not stopping until the final drops are released and then some. Wipe down with tissues, then Mina heads out to get the hot towel for oil removal.
The quality of the handy made up for the price to some extent, however, I don’t think I’d bother coming back here as there’s better to be had for better pricing elsewhere.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 19th January 2020, 05:32 PM
Poster ID: cl-dean
Post Title: 
 Heart2Heart Massage - 74 Sydney Road Coburg - 0406 856 988
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lara

Establishment : H2H Massage (or possibly B2B massage)

Date of Visit : January 2020

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 74 Sydney Road Coburg

Phone : 0406 856 988

Hours of Business : 11-10

Rates : Starting at $50 for 30 minutes relaxation massage all the way up to $100 for 60 mins of Lomi Lomi + extras.

Age : Late 20s I would say

Size/shape : Slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Indian

Services Provided : Massage and NHJ

Value for money/recommend? : No / no

My experience/comments : 

This mob popped up on my WeChat some time ago, and I finally got a chance to visit. Lara had looked quite enticing. On the way out I also met Mina. Based on a sample of two, the photos are genuine, but photoshopped up with a skill I can only dream of. Lara looks like a model in her photo; IRL I'd walk past her without a second glance. Having said that, a tidy enough package.

Was offered a range of options; I only had 30 mins and not much cash, so opted for the $50 relaxation massage. 

Part 1 of the massage was actually very good. nice flowing strokes, not too much oil. No TT, though and no sense of eroticism. Come the flip (after only 10 minutes), and after some hand wafting on my chest, the extras menu comes out. $50 HJ. $100 NHJ. $150 body slide. Yeah nah, she's not that good looking that I'd part with that kind of cash. After a lot of haggling, I get NHJ for $80, but no touching. 

Package outside the wrapping was as tidy as it was in; A or B cup tits, with nipples that got harder to more she tugged me, and a scrawny bum. Full bush too. Despite her interest in (assumed via nipple behaviour) in the HJ, her Part 2 was nowhere near the level of her Part 1, and despite some guidance from me, I had to finish myself off.

On the way out I saw Mina, the other girl on today, and reiterate my earlier comments re Photoshop skills.

Itch scratched; won't bother again.

Dean


