Thread Title: Heavenly Touch - 116 Maribyrong Rd Moonee Ponds - 0401 751 828
Floor: #1
Post Time: 15th June 2017, 09:47 PM
Poster ID: antares01
Post Title: 
 Heavenly Touch - 116 Maribyrong Rd Moonee Ponds - 0401 751 828
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Isabel

Establishment : Heavenly Touch

Date of Visit : June 2017

Address : 116 Maribyrong Rd Moonee Ponds

Weblink : https://www.honee.com.au/v/massage/d...-touch-massage
Weblink : http://melbourne.locanto.com.au/ID_1...e-Therapy.html

Mobile for Isabel: 0490 502 948

Hours of Business : Isabel works 10 to 10 several days per week - days and hours can vary

Rates : Isabel $100 for the hour plus extras

Age : mid 30's perhaps

Size/shape : Slim / fit / Size 8 /B Cup / Trimmed

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : Nude erotic lomi-lomi plus HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Depends on what you re looking for - was for me

My experience/comments : Isabel works in this studio but appears to be somewhat independent.  As it is a highly visible massage studio, I have put this in the TMP forum.  This place is a slightly unusual setup, looks like some sort of old 2 story shop just down from the Union Rd intersection.  Two women working out of the shop with a Papasan.  From what I saw, suspect the other ML (Asian) and Papasan both live on premises and run the studio as a business. Isabel lives elsewhere and rents (I assume) an upstairs room.  I have attached links above to both the studio and Isabel's Locanto advertisement.  Note Isabel's mobile number is different to the shop number

Initial contact via phone then followup text messages.  I have found Isabel can take a few days to get back to you when you leave a message.  I booked a week ahead Isabel seems quite busy and it was a challenge to match schedules but we managed in the end over a couple of days.

Isabel has a large room upstairs with a well used table.  Due to the lomi-lomi style, there is no cloth covering over the vinyl covering and the vinyl covering itself is stiff/hard with age/use.  Room was well heated and Isabel was very welcoming.  Extras are; HJ for $50, topless HJ for $70 and nude + body slide + HJ for $100.  Same prices as Shuter St.  I strip off and climb onto the table, Isabel comes back tidies up a couple of things then starts having a chat while she strips off.  Isabel uses warm oil which is really nice.  Almost from the get go, Isabel mixed lomi techniques with body sliding and she did a really nice job, very sensual.  On the basis of a single visit. I suggest Isabel is not for you if you want to take the lead with body contact and touching.  She provided plenty of body to body contact and gradually mixed placing my hands on her breasts/thighs/stomach etc as part of massaging my arms and hands - very nicely done - her way - and she will put your arms/hands where she wants them. There is some TT and crack attention.  At the half way point Isabel gets me to turn over.  This is a manoeuvre with some risk due to the large amount of oil used and the uncovered and now very slippery vinyl table top.  Isabel's front massage is similar to the first half but with less body sliding and more encouragement for me to touch her (no penetration).  Very competent HJ with plenty of external anal attention.  Nice gentle wind down after orgasm.

Cleanup is a little problematic, Isabel has used a lot of oil and getting off the table requires some care.  There is too much oil for a wipe down and the shower is downstairs - steep/timber/painted/slippery   Isabel wipes herself down with a towel then throws on a slinky little dress, I am offered a towel to wrap around me and we venture forth - out into the cold and down the stairs to the bathroom - messy, circa 1950's.  Isabel gives me a fresh towel and leaves me to shower.  She has brought down some of my clothes so I dress in trousers shirt and shoes then climb back up the stairs to her room to get my coat.  We have a bit more of a chat then Isabel then takes me back down the stairs, past Papasan and other ML sitting close together  on couch in front room, hug and kiss at the front door and out onto the street at the 80 min mark.

Summary:


Slightly unusual business setup, not really a studio setup, more like a home with a couple of massage rooms - awkward layout.Very public shop entrance.Parking nearby in side streets.Not your average RnT.  However, if you are into lomi-lomi (which I am) well worth a visit.The other ML is a reasonably attractive mature age woman fairly busty, I am guessing at Malay/Indonesian.  I have no idea what she offers or charges.Reasonably expensive 

As always YMMV


Floor: #2
Post Time: 15th June 2017, 09:49 PM
Poster ID: antares01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Here is the text from Isabel's Locanto advertisement:





			
				Welcome to A Touch of Goddess Massage Therapy!

Isabel is renowned for her gentle, loving touch. Soft, strong flowing hands create exactly the right balance for your particular needs in body, mind, spirit and emotion. Isabel has a way of washing away built up tension and anxiety, filling in its place renewed energy, balance, peace and calm.

PLEASE NOTE:

(ONLY CLIENTS WHO HAVE COMPLETELY READ THROUGH THIS AD WILL BE RECEIVED FOR A SESSION.

LIMITED SPOTS AVAILABLE, ADVANCE BOOKINGS HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.

CLIENTS WHO TEXT OR CALL DIRECTLY ASKING FOR EXTRAS AND/OR ASKING SEXUAL QUESTIONS OVER THE PHONE WILL NOT BE RECEIVED. PLEASE BE A GENTLEMEN 

Now back to all the amazing experiences waiting for you!

Isabel is highly skilled and experienced at setting one at ease. What you receive is elite quality therapy, a complete experience. I know you have been searching for someone who not only gives an incredible massage but also holds a woman's confidence and understands Real sensuality and embodies it, someone who is friendly, very attractive but can also hold intelligent conversation when needed.

Isabel's signature massage is Lomi Lomi, an ancient Hawaiian massage using long flowing strokes and caress' over and under the body. With warm oils, her vibrant, gentle loving energy will melt away any tension with every stroke. Sending your body and mind into a deep state of joyful bliss. Your body will be worshipped in her fuse of sacred and sensual praise. Releasing old pent up emotions and old energy you no longer need.

Every element is perfected including carefully selected Music, Oils, Candles and a truly Comfortable Massage table creating just the right environment to Let Go. Breathe. And fall deep into a blissful Trancelike state.

Isabel has being practicing massage for 7 years.

She is from Melbourne and holds a Diploma in Massage Therapy

Women and Men Welcome.

Prices from:

30mins - $55

45mins - $75

60mins - $100

Location: Monee Ponds

To secure an unforgettable experience call 0490502948

Non-sexual service


Floor: #3
Post Time: 16th June 2017, 02:29 PM
Poster ID: ABC_Bonker
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by antares01


Isabel has used a lot of oil and getting off the table requires some care.  There is too much oil for a wipe down and the shower is downstairs - steep/timber/painted/slipper
"""
 


Thanks for the review Ant, after having to face a few descents down steep and slippery stairways with oil covered feet whilst in Asia recently and nearly coming AoT, I wouldn't be too keen to try this place.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 16th June 2017, 03:09 PM
Poster ID: antares01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Yes, I agree ABC, not the ideal layout.  I should have mentioned, I noted a ground floor massage room so I assume the other ML works from the ground floor.  The other upstairs rooms appeared to be utility rooms.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 21st August 2017, 06:12 PM
Poster ID: Passthru
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Li

Establishment : Heavenly Touch Massage

Date of Visit : August 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 114 Maribyrnong Rd, Ascot Vale, (03)9042 0074

Hours of Business : 10-9? (not sure)

Rates : $70 for 30 minutes with usual rates for more

Age : probably mid 30’s
Size/shape : about 160cm, generally slim with generous D cup but a little large around tummy

Nationality or Ethnicity : Vietnamese

Services Provided : massage nude HJ, (FS available)

Value for money/recommend? : Yes, definitely

My experience/comments : 
In the area and had some time to spare when I caught sight of the blinking “open” sign and the pleasant window display oozing relaxation therapy.
Into the first door, ring the bell at the second door and an older Euro papasan shows me in and then into the first room where Li has just come in and started to set up.
Introductions and as Li is wearing just a slip and a cardigan I make the correct assumption that this is a shop where the menu is quite complete. 

Let Li know that there’s no FS for me today which brings on a giggle, she quotes the standard price for naked HJ while I pass over 2 pineapples and get a promise of change later. 
No time is wasted as Li begins disrobing and is ahead of me before I can get bare. She is more milf than super slim due to the tummy being a little larger but the rest is very acceptable, pleasant enough face, reasonable butt and some very nicely shaped and pendulous D cups with large dark pink nipples begging for attention.
Surprisingly, the D cups look and feel very natural so if they aren’t real, then they are a quality job.

Hop on the table and it’s straight into the naked HJ while I start playing and suckling on those very enjoyable puppies. As she is bringing me to full attention my other hand is wandering around back and finding the pussy from behind with the occasional brush past the date.
Some variations on this continue for a while then as I attempt access from the front, Li obligingly lifts her leg onto the table beside me and gives me some great access to the playground. I don’t go too extreme but continue to rub the kitty from front and rear with more date brushing and the occasional light rub over the lips.
The pleasant view and HJ, my hands full of warm, willing and friendly female flesh all bring about the desired result and Li keeps stroking until drainage is complete.

Cleanup and then we move into the massage and some further chit-chat. Some joking around and it sure feels a little odd to have the services reversed with rub and TT after the tug.
No complaints from me though as we finish and I get the towel wipe down. Dress while Li goes out to bring back the change, a few more hugs and kisses then out the door.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 25th September 2017, 07:23 PM
Poster ID: Passthru
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Li

Establishment : Heavenly Touch Massage

Date of Visit : September 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 114 Maribyrnong Rd, Ascot Vale, (03)9042 0074

Hours of Business : 10-9? (still not sure)

Rates : $70 for 30 minutes 

Age : mid 30’s
Size/shape : about 160cm, MILFY slim with generous D cup, a little large around tummy

Nationality or Ethnicity : Vietnamese

Services Provided : massage nude HJ, BBBJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes, definitely

My experience/comments : 
Back to this shop and Li opens to the doorbell, say hi and get re-acquainted. Pass over the standard lobster and pineapple and start getting ready.
Same as before, no time wasted as we’re both bare in minimal time. She may have added a little to the tummy but the D cups are good reminder to look higher up. As per previous review, they feel very natural so if they aren’t real, then they are a quality job.

Hop on the table and we move along to the massage. Not too much of a massage as it is going mostly into the TT and so after a massive 2 minutes she flips me. Li then concentrates on the hardening arteries, bringing me to full attention while I bring my lips to the nipples and get them pushing out more. 
Reach around behind her rubbing on the kitty which seems to be pre-lubed – I know I didn’t excite her that much so quickly – so a good decision to not go DATY. This time I decide to push the boundaries a little further and start exploring the date lightly. No problem as the leg is brought up and around to improve my access.
Now we’re both working in sync and she motions to her mouth – BBBJ? Who am I to refuse and away she goes. Not the best BBBJ ever but very enjoyable for all that, no toothy feeling just a warm suction but not deep. 
This continues on for a while with Li swapping between HJ and BBBJ, my fingers are exploring lightly and finally success, Li keeps stroking and then we’re into cleanup.

After the tidy, massage service and general light chat resumes, seems to be her standard operating model. Dry towel wipe down, get dressed, a few more hugs and kisses then off to get some lunch. All up, quite happy with the higher standard of service received.


