Floor: #1
Post Time: 7th December 2019, 04:03 PM
Poster ID: antares01
Post Title: 
 Hot Pepper Massage - 6 Pascoe Vale Rd Moonee Ponds - 03 9370 4000/0451 083 335
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Pinky

Establishment : Hot Pepper Massage

Date of Visit : December 2019

Address: 6 Pascoe Vale Rd Moonee Ponds

Weblink : Home - Body Massage Moonee Ponds

Phone :03 9370 4000/0451 083 335

Hours of Business : 10AM to 10PM

Rates : $75/hour plus tips

Age : Early 30's perhaps

Size/shape : Slim size 6

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : RnT

Value for money/recommend? : Meh ...... perhaps. Wasn't a good day.

My experience/comments : This shop used to be part of the Sukho empire but has recently changed name and I assume ownership.  I walked in right on opening time - first customer.  Pinky appeared from the back of the shop, usual questions; do I want a massage? and how long?  We agreed on 1 hour and she took me through to one of the rooms with a standard massage table and very dim lighting. "Take all off, I will be back in a minute".  As I was disrobing I heard another punter come in and ask for a 30 min session. I could hear him being shown into another room so I assumed another girl was in the shop. I was waiting a long time for Pinky to return (about 10 min) and when she finally came back she seemed a little flustered and wanted me to wait.  I was a bit annoyed at this and put it to her she was going to do the other punter first and make me wait 30 min.  After some mumbling she agreed this was the case so I said I did not have the time to wait (which was correct - I didn't) I would have to go and could I have my $ back please.  Pinky was all apologetic and told me the other girl hadn't come in, at this point yet another punter came in and Pinky rushed and told him to go away. I then heard her talking to the other punter.  Pinky came back to my room and told me she would do me first so I agreed to stay but I could now stay only 45 min to which Pinky immediately responded she would refund my initial $75 60 min fee back to the 45 min fee of $60.  

After all this I wasn't particularly relaxed but tried to enjoy the massage.  Pinky's massage was pretty standard, I asked for medium but had to ask her to tone it down a bit as it was painful at times.  Initially dry massage through a towel then towel used as draping for oil massage of neck, back and legs.  Towards the end of the leg massage Pinky did some limited TT.  She then asked me to turn over holding the towel up as a modesty screen.  Once I was comfortable on my back Pinky draped me with the towel then got close and whispered if I would like any where special massaged.  We agreed on a HJ for $50 and she whipped the towel away, thew it on the floor and oiled me up and started a HJ. After perhaps 30 seconds Pinky started up-selling; $100 nude, $150 BJ  She seemed disappointing when I said no, just stick with HJ.  Reasonable HJ to completion then Pinky very quickly started cleaning up the room and I had to prompt her to supply hot/wet towels for clean up .

Pinky clearly waned me out of there ASAP and as I didn't feel like hanging around I cleaned up, dressed quickly and out the door picking up a business card and my $15 refund on the way out.

In summary, not a particularly good experience - clearly the lack of staff and multiple punters caused problems for Pinky. WIR? Probably not.


