Thread Title: Lalor Lucky Massage - 363 High st Lalor - 0451 926 566
Floor: #1
Post Time: 5th May 2018, 12:18 AM
Poster ID: xs4all4me
Post Title: 
 Lalor Lucky Massage - 363 High st Lalor - 0451 926 566
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Alice

Establishment: Lalor Lucky Massage

Date of Visit: May 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: 0451 926 566, 363 High St Lalor

Hours of Business: 10am - 8pm

Rates: $40 30min/ $70 1hr, extras $30 clothed Handjob or $50 clothed Handjob with touching allowed.

Age: Mid 30's

Size/shape: Size 9

Nationality or Ethnicity: Chinese

Services Provided: Massage, Handjob

Value for money/recommend?: Meh

My experience/comments:

Since ritual had a not so good punt here, I thought I'd give this place a punt to see if he had an off day with the girls and see what else is on offer, ie: other girls.

I drive past this place often and I said to myself today, what the heck, lets pop in and see what is on offer.

The shop front looks neat and tidy, and I noticed, my guess was one of the workers out the front having a smoke, she was not bad looking, from the quick glimpse, she had a nice petite body and had a pretty face with slice of cheekyness.
As I entered, no one was at the reception and one of the two rooms on the left had a lady doing a clean up, I suspect they just serviced a client and getting the room ready for the next punter.
I hear her yell out to someone and in came the girl who was having a smoke out at front, my thoughts was yes  I don't understanding what they were saying but I had a feeling they were fighting over as to who gets to get my load off 
Or they could just be asking, who wants to take this one.
After a few moments of back and forth chit chat, the smoko girl takes me to the room just behind reception 
It's a small room with two doors, back in the day, this used to be a tanning salon, that explains the two doors, however the wall partition has been removed to make it one long room. Nothing special about this room, very basic, the massage table has the disposible white sheets. She asked what I wanted, I said 30 minute, handed over the $ and told me to undress and walks out. As I was laying down, I heard the door open, as I looked up, to my disapointement, it was the other lady, they bait and switched on me! I said where's the other girl? she replied, she busy. I was about to walk, but though, meh, I'm here, I might as well take the punt, she might be good and have some extras on offer.
Her name was Alice, pretty average in the looks department, I say late 20 to mid 30's, size 9'ish, and has broken english which you can understand, I don't think your going to get a nice converstaion with her as she will either do a one liner reply or not say nothing at all with a slight hehe laugh. All I got out of her was she works here sometimes, I asked what day, and didn't get a response, so I left it as that, so for this review, she works Fridays.
Out came the oil and started the massage, she asked how I wanted it, I said hard, and hard she did not, just oil on hand, and light rub on my back, the whole massage was crap to say the least, just oil and light pressure on my back, then my arms and then on my legs, then repeat. I wasn't enjoying it at all, then time came for the flip, she went off to get some hot towels to wipe me down, then se gave the hand signal, I asked how much she said $50, I swiftly reply, come on, way too much, then she said, touching ok, I said with clothes off? she stood in silent and didn't know what to say, just repeated, touching ok. Then I counter offered with $30 as this seems to be the going rate at this part of town for a clothed handy. She agreed, started off with light/soft strokes until I was full mast, then jack hammer until I blew my load. Cleaned me up, handed over the $ and got dressed, she stayed to clean up the room and changed the white disposable sheets, as I stepped out of the room, I seen the smoko girl sitting at reception playing on her phone, so either she is just sitting at reception welcoming clients or just having a break from her last client, either way, she would have been a better choice.

Was it worth it, $40+$30? nah not really, below par, nothing to remember by, avoid this girl if you try this place, this is the second place I tried that wanted $50 for clothes HJ and touching aloud, seriously? touching while fully clothes, for those that would pay this amount has a lot of money to burn.

So it might be a hit and miss at this place, but I don't think you will get anything more than a $30 clothed handy, or you might be lucky with another lady.


