Thread Title: Massage With Nice Asia Girls -  358 Bell St Pascoe Vale South - 0451 884 855
Floor: #1
Post Time: 5th July 2017, 04:12 PM
Poster ID: Jersybull
Post Title: 
 Massage With Nice Asia Girls -  358 Bell St Pascoe Vale South - 0451 884 855
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Cindy

Establishment : Massage With Nice Asia Girls

Date of Visit : Today 5/7/2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 358 Bell Street Pascoe Vale South 0451 884 855 

Hours of Business : 10am to 8pm Mon to Fri & 11am to 9pm Sat & Sun

Rates : $50 half hour massage, $70 nude massage and tug

Age : 35+

Size/shape : Fantastic body, small breasts but not too small, very attractive

Nationality or Ethnicity : PRC

Services Provided : Nude RnT

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : A regular girl I follow sent me a text recently to tell me she was now working at this location, so I decided to drop by today and say hello as I had not seen her for a couple of months due to her limited availability working in my usual punting grounds, and the shop she was working at in Blackburn closing down.
Arranged to meet Cindy at 10.15am today, arrived at the shop and the Punt got off to a bad start, not the fault of Cindy but the mamasan as she was 35 minutes late, not opening until 10.35 instead of the advertised 10am.
Cindy arrived about 10.10am explained to her the door was still locked. We walked around the back, she tried there that was locked too. She rang Mamasan, 10 minutes away she said, turned out to be 20 minutes.
Anyway as I have known Cindy for several years under different names and at various shops, we turned a bad situation around and we had a good old chin wag about the old times and a mutual friend of ours, Lena ex 438 Plenty road, AKA Ruby 196 Elgar road.
As I was standing outside talking to Cindy the old fella was starting to crank up, this girl even in her street clothes is just so sexy and so attractive, and pleasant to talk to, I was getting turned on already so I knew we were in for a good session.
Mamasan eventually turns up, apologises, opens up and I walked in with Cindy into the room.
Handed over the usual $70 for the half hour nude massage and tug, was tempted once she came in again dressed in her skimpy tight fitting little work dress to ask her to leave it on, pay the extra $30 and bend her over the table and pound her, she is a very sexy lady.
But due to my aversion to condoms and the fact I am a tight arse, I declined this time.
Cindy as usual gives me a fantastic massage for about 15 minutes then starts on the sensual stuff which she does extremely well, turns me over and continues to stroke the old fella, eventually applying a little oil and proceeds to give me me of the best slow sensual HJs one could ever imagine.
Cleans me up, out the backdoor and away.
Cindy has been around for a few years now under various names around the Preston/Heidelberg/Reservoir area and does not work as often as I wished she would.
Regular punters from these areas who venture out to see her after reading this review may recognise her but I wont disclose her other names/shops & see if anyone reports back.
Great value punt


Floor: #2
Post Time: 5th July 2017, 05:28 PM
Poster ID: Elfang
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Cindy

Establishment : Massage with Nice Asian Girls

Date of Visit : 5/7/17

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 358 Bell Street Pascoe Vale South 0451 884 855  WeChat Ms B Havin


Hours of Business : 10am to 8pm Mon to Fri & 11am to 9pm Sat & Sun

Rates : $50 half hour massage, $70 nude massage and tug, $100 FS

Age : 35+

Size/shape : Good body, small breasts and attractive

Nationality or Ethnicity : PRC

Services Provided : FS

Value for money/recommend? : OK

My experience/comments : 
It was around midday and went around the back door with Cindy and an older woman having lunch.
I chose Cindy who I recognised and she recognised me. I got FS for $80..although she was not that happy.
Must agree she has a good body and keeps looking at herself in the mirror...

Then I recognised her from High St Massage with Alice...She is a bit of a dud root and all she wants is for you to cum..
She is there Wednesdays and really I can't be bothered with her attitude.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 11th July 2017, 07:12 AM
Poster ID: Elfang
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Passing by yesterday there was a sign saying "New Girls and New Management". Later on I got a WeChat notification that Ms B Havin was not associated with that parlour anymore...Needs further investigation.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 11th July 2017, 04:47 PM
Poster ID: Jersybull
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Why an investigation? This is not a surprise, the lady who was there last week, running late opening the place, has just recently bought the business off the previous owner, who I assume was Ms B.Havin.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 26th January 2018, 02:44 PM
Poster ID: Goboy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : April

Establishment :Massage ( no name on window) 

Date of Visit : 24 Jan

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 358 Bell St. Pascoe Vale 045032996

Hours of Business : 10- 11pm

Rates : $70 per

Age : 28-30

Size/shape : Slender Acceptable looks and appearance

Nationality or Ethnicity : PRC 

Services Provided : all 

Value for money/recommend? Not bad: 

My experience/comments :I was out of luck just dropping into 2 nearby regulars so thought I would look in here which I thought might be down and dirty.

I walked in the front door of this place twice in the last year but did not stay either time after the intro.
Previous I rang the counter bell ( no one on reception) and after a time with no answer walked ; then a mid 40s milf came out and chased me down to the car park at Macca's  ,grabbed my hand " come back darling I do you good"I had a look but no one appealing back in the shop.

On this occasion same lady came to reception and told me again " I do you good ""everything you want ok"
I asked if any younger as she is not for me."yes wait"

5 minutes April is introduced .She is dressed in  a halter top and wrap around Hawaiian style dress exposing half her bum and all her back
She is not bad looking ,slender and nice attitude. $70 per hr .
I say ok .lam  feeling in need of   a good session

I ask for front first She tells me $30 HJ ,$50 topless and $100 nude I am negotiating $70 then $80 .She says for $100 FS and BBBJ. 
I can't move her off that figure .I want the lot so rather than haggle her to resentment I say ok 

She strips of to reveal a neat body , nice fullsome boobs and neat arse .I later see in the semi dark she has a C scare of some size vertical on the stomach ( but it is fiine for me) I find her arse a bit soft , obviously not an exercise junky

She starts straight off into BBBJ .She sure knows what she is doing here Deep sucks ( Full sucking) licking of the balls,sac and underneath .She is at this very enthusiastically for 20 mins. I am rubbing her puss  FIV and she is moaning and becoming quite juicy

She quietly slips on a cover just as I am a bit ready for CIM
 She says I can have what ever I want but would I give her a root as she is feels horny and says she needs one.She is vey juice down below.
Ok ever the gentleman.

She climbs on top of me big smiles and kisses and rubs her puss lips up and down and then mounts me.

She says " be  good for me"

She is quite firm in her puss and very wet .
She take over the thrusts .Her legs and thighs are tight against me and she starts to moan and thrust 

I think this girl is away on her own trip and my cock is just getting her where she wants to go.  All the while she is holding on tight and kissing my neck as grabbing and stroking me .

As things are speeding  up she asks me not come yet and she keeps at it until It appears she is where she wants .
She is perspiring and many smiles "thank you" she says (Phew what have I here)

I lay her down in MISH  ,then doggie and she is right into it again She keeps repeating " come on baby come on ,more" 

She wore me out so I settled back for HJ (very expertly done) followed by CIM 

I had booked for 1 hr but all this went 1 hr 30 mins 

In the last 15 she asked me to stay whilst she gave me a back massage 

The massage was very good and she got right into it 

April is  basic but very nice . Don't expect Elle McPherson.The shop is also pretty basic .

I was contemplating would I come back .I think I would give her a few more runs and see how she goes.

She says her partner is back in China (i guess that explains a few things) .
She works most days ,but Mamasan says to phone and book her ( I suspect they have to get her around to the shop on days off). 

The whole session was purely sex driven by her until final back massage , so that is what this place is about.

On way out Mamasan wanted to know if I enjoyed (half the neighborhood could have heard the session ,so no need to answer that one ; she said it with big knowing smile " You come back  we do lots more for you baby"

She scurried out and returned with scribbled phone number .No cards and no name

Goboy


Floor: #6
Post Time: 26th January 2018, 08:49 PM
Poster ID: Jersybull
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
If I am reading this correctly goboy, you paid $70 for 1 hr massage and another $100 for the F/S BBBJ?
Sounds like you had a really great session anyway.
Last time I was in here when this mamasan had just taken over, it was $100 all up for minutes with F/S.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 27th January 2018, 06:38 AM
Poster ID: Elfang
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
http://melbourne.locanto.com.au/ID_1...scoe-vale.html


Floor: #8
Post Time: 27th January 2018, 08:45 AM
Poster ID: Goboy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Yes correct Jersey For a venue in this area and the quality etc I paid overs 
However the session was ok and she put in an extra half hour 
Not complaining . I made April indeed very  happy at the $ sum  LOL 
Your $ number  is probably nearer the mark for a place like this .
 As can happen, sometimes we pass the negotiation mark and the young ladies sense the opportunity 
They work out who is on top in the $ dealings when little head takes over 
Goboy


Floor: #9
Post Time: 27th January 2018, 09:25 PM
Poster ID: Jersybull
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thats it Goboy, you had a great session and thats what its all about, well done.


