Floor: #1
Post Time: 15th March 2018, 08:47 AM
Poster ID: tryhardaussie
Post Title: 
 Massage on Station - 5/387 Station St Thornbury - 03 9480 2225
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Cathy

Establishment : Massage on Station 

Date of Visit : March 

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 9480 2225

Hours of Business : 10-8pm

Rates : $60-60 + $20HJ 

Age : Claims 27

Size/shape : Curvey but tidy

Nationality or Ethnicity : Vietnamese

Services Provided : Massage HJ 

Value for money/recommend? : Always 

My experience/comments : 
Went in to see who was new and tantalising and as usual Tiffany was there to tease me. She only does massages now if they are super busy and she knows the punter.
She recommended Cathy to me who at the same time come from the back room. 
Short dress, well pushed up tits but the did look wholesome and a great smile.
Okey dokey lets go.

Had a shower to begin then straight into an average massage. But that was probably my fault as I told her I wanted a relaxing massage. 
It was ok but not as good as I have had here.
Plenty of brushes and by the half way mark I had plenty of arse play...me on her and had seen her very sexy undies which was unusual for this place.

She oiled up the old boy and proceeded to gently pump away. 
Here it got a little more interesting as she was up for her top to be pushed aside and her plump firm tits were now on display and touching here was freely available. Again unusual for this place. 
I went for the growler and here I was restricted. Period she claimed. I did however push aside her undies and played around the pubis mons. From that I could tell she was lightly trimmed.

A very good HJ and I suckled her tits just once. 
Gave her the cash and she brought me the change Hmmmm normally $20 for HJ. Yes but you touched here and here pointing to where indeed I had touched so extra $10.
Not that I minded but this is either a change of direction for one of Lanas' shops or Cathy doesn't play by her rules. Either way it was a good experience.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 15th March 2018, 09:22 AM
Poster ID: Stroke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Please include address and phone number in the title of your posts.    I have fixed it.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 15th March 2018, 10:10 AM
Poster ID: tryhardaussie
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Cheers Thx Stroker


Floor: #4
Post Time: 9th June 2018, 11:14 AM
Poster ID: Billabong Bill
Post Title: 
 Tiffany  Massage on Station 5/387 Station St Thornbury 9480 2225
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Tiffany

Establishment : Massage on Station

Date of Visit : 28th March 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 5/387 Station St, Thornbury   9480 2225

Hours of Business : 10 am to 9 pm

Rates : $40 for 30min / $30 for tHJ


Age : 30s

Size/shape : slim, C-cuppers

Nationality or Ethnicity : Vietnamese

Services Provided : HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Fair

My experience/comments : 

I had visited Tiffany once before, for a waxing (competent although I think her technique was a little off because I was left with a small skin tear on the shaft which took a few days to recover). She had thrown in a good handjob on request so I took the opportunity to try her out again. Tiffany seems to be the mamasan at this shop and reports suggest that she generally passes clients off to her workers. 

On this occasion, Tiffany seemed to be the only one available and was happy to give me a half hour session as requested. The massage was quite professional with enough sly tickling to keep my attention. On the flip, we quickly negotiated a tug which she once more executed with suitable skill. She was dressed in a polo shirt and very short and tight checked skirt, both of which showed her body to goo effect. I was able to slip a hand inside her top from above and cop a little titty feel. I was also able to slide a hand under her skirt and panty, and across her lovely arse. Any further deep diving was discouraged (and given the tightness of the clothing, quite difficult). In any case, this clearly gave me enough encouragement to get me across the line. All told: pretty good but not worth a special trip across town.</span>


Floor: #5
Post Time: 27th November 2019, 12:11 PM
Poster ID: tryhardaussie
Post Title: 
 Old Haunt
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Katie 

Establishment : Massage on Station

Date of Visit : November

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 387 Station St Fairfield

Phone :94802225
Hours of Business : 

Rates : $60 1 Hour + $30-$40

Age : 28

Size/shape : Slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Vietnamese

Services Provided : RnT

Value for money/recommend? : GVFM

My experience/comments : Been hanging out for an empty and passing an old haunt that I decided to see if Tiffany or Melissa were working but they weren't however a sweet looking Katie was happy to oblige. 

Gave her  100 and said she will give the change later.....no problem for me they have always been super honest. 

The rub was ordinary just hard rubbing round and round in circles until I told her to stop and be more gentle/soft.

The flip wasn't much better till again I gave her instruction. 

What was different was the top of the dress came down as did her bra and as my hand explored her arse and vag I did get some FIV.

Shaved and wet so after some training on how I like to jerked she got me over the line.

She is cute enough to go back and the $40 change disappeared in her ky rocket but $100 all up with shower and fiv was ok by todays prices.


