Thread Title: New Asia Therapy - Ascot Vale - 0416 388 919
Floor: #1
Post Time: 11th March 2015, 01:13 PM
Poster ID: Air Travel
Post Title: 
 New Asia Therapy - Ascot Vale - 0416 388 919
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Selina

Establishment : New Asia Therapy

Date of Visit : 10-03-2015 @ 6.00pm

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 287 Maribyrnong Rd, Ascot Vale - 0416 388 919

Hours of Business : 10 - 8 Mon - Sun

Rates : 30min - $40, 60min - $70, 120min - $130

Age : Late 30's to early 40's

Size/shape : 6 to 8, tight, with B cup natural boobs

Nationality or Ethnicity : PRC

Services Provided : Massage (ok) HR and DATY

Value for money/recommend? : Not bad

My experience/comments : I saw this one the other day, and made a mental note to go back and check it out at the first opportunity.

I went in and as no one was in reception was about to leave, however Selina came out from one of the rooms.  Ok looking, but with her short dress tucked in at one of her hips into her knickers - ok, game on.  You want massage - yeah, no problem - 30 mins.  I just finish off she tells me- 5 mins wait.

I hop into the room and strip.  Selina appeared to be the only person in the shop and was busy juggling customers.  After a short wait, Selina comes in and asks if I want hard or soft.  Hard I reply, and to be honest, the massage was quiet good.  Only down side really was the fact that Selina left a couple times to deal with a new customer (who had to come back).

Before the flip, plenty of slow fingers, lingering on the balls and arse.  She asked if I like that, and yes was the reply.

On the flip, straight to the point, and asked if I wanted special massage.  How much - $30, ok, but I need you nude.  ok, and so she lifts her dress up but does take off, and lowers her panties.  Hairy busy, but clean underneath, and was feeling quite wet as she oiled mini me up and went to town.  I suggest $50 for a BJ, but wasn't going for it.  I asked her to jump on top for some DATY action, hoping she might relinquish and start some oral on me, but no luck.

Anyhow, I was happy enough to go to town on her, and while she told me no inside, I managed to push both my tongue and nose into her while licking her clit.  This seemed to get her going, and just as she was making some noise and wriggling about on top, I pushed a lubricated finger in and that pushed her of the edge into a reasonable loud and long lasting orgasm.

She took her time coming down and hoping off, and despite some more propositions from me, she would budge on the oral.  She added some more oil, and got me over the line as I was feeling her up.  Overall not bad, but will return to check out the other girls at the shop.

No shower facilities and wipe down was limited due to a new customer waiting in the room next door.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 12th March 2015, 06:01 AM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by Air Travel


Person's Name : Selina

Establishment : New Asia Therapy
.
.
No shower facilities and wipe down was limited due to a new customer waiting in the room next door
"""



Thank you for your review Air Travel.

Good review and good discovery.

Here's the Locanto ad, http://melbourne.locanto.com.au/ID_4...ia-Therap.html - without lying pictures.





			
				New Shop Just Open Massage That You Never Forget New Asia Therap

Come have a good time and release stress in our beautiful environment. Enjoy the best massage service provide by our qualified and friendly female therapist that you never forget.

Deep relaxation Massage

----------------------------

We offer Head, Neck, Arm, Shoulder, Foot, Fullbody massage

Open 7 days, 10:00 am To 8:30 pm

Call or text 0416388919 to book right now!!!


Floor: #3
Post Time: 26th October 2015, 07:21 PM
Poster ID: tbone
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : CoCo

Establishment : New Asia Therapy

Date of Visit : 24/9/15

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 287 Maribyrnong Rd, Ascot Vale - 0416 388 919


Hours of Business : 10-8

Rates : 40 for half hour plus extra

Age : 40s

Size/shape : 6-8 tight bod with cfm boots

Nationality or Ethnicity : asian

Services Provided : massage

Value for money/recommend? : no not this time

My experience/comments : 
I have been here a few times and this occasion was the worst. Went into the shop to get a massage as my back was sore but hoping for more and met coco
First thing i notice is how short her dress is. Into a room we go and she ask me how long and bends over to get the oil which had fallen off the table, her dress is that short i see a nice pair of red panties and a nice little ass. She then says for an extra 30 i will be nude and i can touch all over. As i was in the mood i thought why not..
Now on previous visits with selina i have received a good solid massage but cocos massage was terrible. It was like she had no idea what she was doing

After 15 mins of this she starts with the ball and crack play and i think OK this is getting better. Eventually the flip comes and i have to remind her to take it off which in fact is her pulling her undies  and top down..
She starts to massage the lil bone and i go to touch her boobs which she says pulls away from me.. I ask her is this ok? you said we can touch and she replies only through clothes so i stop..
not long after this she realizes the time is getting close and tries to go hammer and tongs on dick like she was trying to pull it off. eventually i get over the line and she gives me a quick towel clean up and im on way.. ON my way out she gives me a big hug and reminds me to ask for coco next visit as it will be good..
WIR not for that service


Floor: #4
Post Time: 3rd February 2016, 04:27 PM
Poster ID: Air Travel
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Selina

Establishment : New Asia Therapy

Date of Visit : 02/02/2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : See details above 

Hours of Business : 

Rates : $40/ 30 mins + $50 nude HJ

Age : 40's

Size/shape : petite - size 6 or so with at best b cups

Nationality or Ethnicity : PRC

Services Provided : Massage (good), nude HJ

Value for money/recommend? : ok for a quick splash'n'go

My experience/comments : Called in here as I had a spare 30mins or so.  Had been some time since last visit and wanted to see if anything has changed.

As I approached the shop along Marbi rd, Coco was just coming out and heading home (5:45pm).  I entered and Selina greeted me.  She had just sent Coco home as it was quite.

Asked for a quick 30 min massage - no problem.  Into room and strip.  Selina comes back in and starts a good massage.  Technique has improved and if anything this could be a good legit massage shop.  Spent a fair amount of time on the back so by the time the legs got a little attention 25mins had passed.  She went and retrieved a warm bucket of water for a wipe down and then when she was finished asked if I wanted extra.  Yeah, let's give it a go.

A short tickle and nail scrap over the butt and ball bag and then the flip.  Straight to mini me with a little oil and off she was going.  In the meantime I had worked a hand up the skirt and into her panties.  "Not inside" - ok I said as I found her clit.  Soon enough the hands were beginning to roam again but couldn't get to her tits.  She obliged by lifting her dress up and off to give me access to her puppies.  I love long nipples, and while not the longest, Selinas were good enough for a little suck and lick action.

While this was gong on, Selina had resumed her manipulations of mini me.  Like last time, her clit must be quite sensitive as after just a short time of some close attention, she was panting and getting very wet.  This served to bring me close and a believe I got over the line a little after her.  All good.  Quick clean up and dress and I am out of there.  Paid $50 extra for the additional treatment which seemed to keep her happy.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 28th July 2018, 06:49 AM
Poster ID: Elfang
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Passed by yesterday and this place is closed and up for rent.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 23rd August 2018, 05:53 AM
Poster ID: Elfang
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Drove past this week and they moved across the road on the Northern side in what used to be a burger shop..


