Thread Title: Orchid massage therapy 250 Broadway Resevoir   03 9994 8547
Floor: #1
Post Time: 22nd July 2015, 09:37 AM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: 
 Orchid massage therapy 250 Broadway Resevoir   03 9994 8547
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Love

Establishment : Orchid massage therapy

Date of Visit : 19/7/2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 03 9994 8547

Hours of Business :  10am to 8pm

Rates : 40$ 30 mins plus 30hj

Age : 25

Size/shape : 12 d-cups

Nationality or Ethnicity : china Korean mix 

Services Provided : hj massage

Value for money/recommend? : yes



My experience/comments :I popped in here this past sunday to tell Love ive had enough of the rnt scene and im retiring from it.  She was wearing a blue and pink tennis skirt and a pink tennis fluffy boob tube and it was a sight ive never seen on her.  She said "would u like a farewell massage with me?".  I agreed as she has been my retirement punt many times.  Ive texted her this past week, and she told me she was in Japan again for 2 weeks buying heaps of skin products.

Love gave me a hard massage with oil on a lovely warm electric blanketed massage table.  Love has always had strong hands, and she enjoyed rubbing areas of my body which were quite boney in the past, yet more meaty nowadays.  Her outfit had me intrigued,and I enquired as to whether her tennis skirt had undies attatched to the dress and most tennis skirts do, and she lifted her dress to reveal a blue  undies attatchment.  She laughed and told me her natural undies are underneath the tennis skirt, she also told me she spent 200$ on a tennis racket and has taken up the pastime.

Ive seen love over 20 times, and this time she looked hotter than ive ever seen before.  The flip was 20 mins in, she placed a towel over my privates, and asked if I wanted a hj.  Look I was turned on and agreed . She then rubbed oil over my penis under the towel, with my member growing.  She placed one of my hands over her pink fluffy boob tub, and I asked if this is part of the tennis outfit, and she smiled and said no.   She then removed the towel, jumped on the table and placed her undies attatchment over my face with the skirt flapping around, as she jerked me off, and I then lasted about 30 seconds, blowing all over her hand.

When I got dressed she told me there's 2 other shops within 100 metres of this one, and I just laughed.  I left thereafter knowing im done with rnt's and I finished with the right women.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 25th July 2015, 08:28 PM
Poster ID: Jersybull
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Haha, good one brauniac, at least yoh havent retired again, just leaving the rnt scene behind. I wonder how long for? Good luck in thebrothel scene.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 2nd August 2015, 04:17 PM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Love

Establishment : As review above

Date of Visit : 2/8/2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : as review above

Hours of Business : 10am till 9pm

Rates : 40$ 30 mins plus $60 extras

Age : 25

Size/shape : cuddly big breasted

Nationality or Ethnicity : china Korean mix

Services Provided : massage a bbbj

Value for money/recommend? : yes

My experience/comments : 
I stayed with Love today this sunday.  I told her I needed to see her again and she laughed.  She knows why I keep coming back to her, its made her quite wealthy. Thankfully she was wearing her tennis outfit again.  30 mins of massage was booked, and a condom secretly put in my pocket.  When she returned I told her to do a soft massage.    She started with the teasing up and down the crack, and I told her she knew why I had returned.

I pulled out the condom that I had hidden, and she gave me the shhhh sound, and told me the boss is here cant do.  Bugger I thought.  I had a weeks loading and was not too happy.  On the flip,. I requested she get up and tease my penis with her fingers.  She did, while placing her  vagina, that was covered by her tennis undies and natural undies, over my face.  She then stopped pulling my growing penis, and said" I cant suck with condom as too much problem disposing, but I can do without", and promptly without warning started going down on me.  

I initially protested for a bit of fun, I remember love jerking me off once and I protested and she continued laughing, and I did the same this time, trying to wrestle her away, but as she continued sucking my arms lost strength, and I gave in and moaned and moaned, until she sensed I was getting close, and she started jerking me off till I blew over her hand.   Love has never been all lovey dovey after out sessions, she is all business, and i like that, there no pretense, and no bullshit.    I tipped her 60$ for the extras.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 3rd August 2015, 04:10 PM
Poster ID: tiny tito
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Brauninc your a legend you tell the lady your done and wont be back but you cant stay away


