Thread Title: Phoenix Massage, Bundoora - 0420 207 878
Floor: #1
Post Time: 10th May 2017, 04:58 PM
Poster ID: inm8
Post Title: 
 Phoenix Massage, Bundoora - 0420 207 878
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Donna

Date of Visit : 09/05/2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Unit 44/1191 Plenty Rd,  Bundoora, Victoria ph 0420207878 http://melbourne.locanto.com.au/ID_1...-Bundoora.html

Hours of Business : 10am to 8pm?

Rates : $40/30 Minutes (although I saw advertising for $1/min?)

Age : 24

Size/shape : B Cup, Slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Vietnamese

Services Provided : massage + $30 for HJ or $50 handjob with touching no clothes removed

Value for money/recommend? : Almost

Review:
Arrived at this place and it looks really classy, well decorated, has a spa room and other legit services available. 

I am greeted by Donna, a slim, young and attractive Vietnamese lady. She asked if I had been there before and I said yes. 

I wasn't sure what I was getting into, so upon stepping into the massage room I stripped naked and jumped on the massage table and waited. The room had a lock on the door and a shower shared with the room next door. Promising signs I thought?

When Donna walked in and saw me lying there naked, she asked if I wanted the sensual option and I clearly said yes. I asked what other options there were and she told me straight up $30HJ and $50 for touching, but  nothing else. I said I'd think about it. 

She did a massage with oil starting on the top half of my body. She proceeded to give a firm body rub and then switched to the lower half. Tried to initiate conversation but she didn't reciprocate. 

Upon the flip I opted for the HJ with touching. She made me pay before continuing. 

She oiled the little fella and started stroking him. I let my hands wander under her short black dress and pulled it up to her chest. She had on some sexy knickers and a push up bra. I got my hand inside the bra and tried to get at her beautiful boobs but she pushed me back down onto the table.  

So I started stroking her legs and ass. Nice and pert and firm, then moved in between her thighs and started stroking her pussy on the outside of her knickers. She would t make eye contact and resisted any attempts for me to get in her knickers. 

She finished me off and then cleaned me up with tissues and sent me to the shower to get cleaned up. 

Not sure if it was worth it? Maybe this shop needs a bit of extra work put in? Maybe theres more on offer for repeat visits? They have a sister shop in Heidelberg (Shop 18, the Mall shopping centre, Heidelberg West).

WIR? 6/10 Yes to see who else is on offer and might offer more?


