Thread Title: Purple Crystal Massage - Lalor - 0411 617 268
Floor: #1
Post Time: 19th March 2018, 01:51 AM
Poster ID: xs4all4me
Post Title: 
 Purple Crystal Massage - Lalor - 0411 617 268
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: YuYu (Something that sound very similar)

Establishment: Massage Shop

Date of Visit: Mid March 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: 0411617268, 13 A Sydney Crescent, Lalor, 3075. Ads: Locanto, Cracker, GumTree

Hours of Business: 10:30am to 8pm

Rates: $50 30min, extras $30 Handjob

Age: Mid 40's

Size/shape: Size 9

Nationality or Ethnicity: PRC

Services Provided: Massage, handjob

Value for money/recommend?: Undecided

My experience/comments:

Now, before I go on, an mature older lady by the name of Honey used to work out at this shop until it was closed down recently for unknown reasons. I haven't took notice but I think it was closed down in mid/late December? In it's place another massage shop has sprung up.
You can read Honey's reviews with the Retired/closed/disappeared page https://auxxxreviews.com/forum/f97/
(Can't seem to link directly to the Honey's review thread, when I do and hit the Preview Post button, all the txt gets deleted)

After commenting in the old thread about this place, I had some free time within the last week and thought I give this place a punt and see if it's anything like the old place when Honey was there, previously with Honey, anything/everything was on offer.

This shop has a very small shop front, if you have been here before, you will notice that it has some renovations done, nothing major but it sure does look a lot brighter and newer looking than previously. There is plenty of parking around and not a lot of foot traffic so if your paranoid of being seen, no need to worry around this place.

I was greeted by a not so good looking, on the bigger plus size Asian lady, and I asked for half hour which was $50, she walked me into the room towards the rear of the shop, previous this room never gets used and I remember going into this room, only to wait until another punter finished in the room on the left as you enter the front door. Once I went inside the room, with no hesitation, I asked any extras on offer, she replied $30 for handjob, I didn't ask if it was fully clothed or not.

At this point I wasn't really looking forward to this session as she wasn't attractive at all and would probably kill the mood. Anyhow I handed over $80 ($50 + $30 for those that can't do the math), stripped and onto the massage table I go, the room looks clean and from what I can tell, fresh towels on the table. After a few moments another lady comes in, I was like, oh ok, now this lady, is a lot thinner than the other lady and short, at maybe around 5'1. In the looks department, nothing exciting, I say she is mid 40's and what she was wearing, I don't think she will be doing anything nude, she asked how'd I like it, I said hard, as I have issues with my lower back which needed some straightening out.
Ok'ish amount of oil used and to be honest, I was underwhelmed by the massage, just hands sliding, rubbing, nothing to talk about, her English was ok so I tried to strike up a conversation with her. When I asked her just some general chit chat questions, she would always repeat my question with a questions:

Me: What's your name?
Her: Whats my name? you want to know my name?
Me: Yes
Her: a long silent, YuYu.
Me: That's a nice name, where you from?
Her: Me? Where I'm from?.....
Me: Yes..

So you get the idea, if you want to try to strike a conversation with her, I wouldn't bother, so from the brief conversation I had with there, I only got her name, she didn't tell me her age nor what days she worked, all she said, yes I work here sometimes. As this point the massage wasn't doing it for me, after about 15 minutes doing my whole back, she pops out and in comes the hot towels to clean the oil off my back, the onto the flip. She starts to massage the front of my body with some light oil and after about 5 minutes, she does some little teasing around downstairs and then it was time for the handjob, what can I say, thing special really, just slow motion at the start and then just steady speed until I blew my load.
During this the handjob session, she didn't look like she was enjoying or putting any effort into the handjob, most of the time just looking away while giving a handjob, per presence felt very cold, as if she didn't want to be there. After I blew my load, another round of hot towel to clean me up, then the front door opens and she attends to them for a few moments, and then came back with what I can say is a angry/pissed off expression on her face and she mumbled something in chinese under her breath. Then continues on a another quick massage to kill the rest of the time remaining which as only a few minutes, time was up, got dressed, now while I was getting dressed, those clean towels I mentioned early, well they don't get changed, only the disposable paper thingy that goes around the hole for your face on the table gets changed, so be warned.

Overall experience was not that great, I had bad punts in the past and I will put this on that list, as far as I can tell from the little conversation with her, there is two people working here at this place, and I assume the first lady I saw was the other. First visit impressions was not great, the two working ladies is not that good of a looker, not ugly but just plain Jane and the lady I was with just reminds me of someone's mum working.

Will I return? Not sure, probably maybe, to try out another lady and see if there is anything else on offer? But if this is the quality of ladies they are offering at this shop, then probably not. Since this is a new shop, pretty hard to gauge if these ladies are full timers or they are on roster or rotation. Of course the pics in their ads are obvious fake, dunno about this place maybe YMMV?

Thanks for reading.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 21st March 2018, 01:19 PM
Poster ID: johnnydtf
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Use to see honey a few times. Walked in the other week a d saw the new ppl. Asked for fs they said no so walked out.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 3rd April 2018, 04:15 PM
Poster ID: ritual
Post Title: 
 Purple Crystal Massage
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Anna? I think, her English was terrible.

Establishment : Purple Crystal Massage

Date of Visit : 21/3/18

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 13a Sydney cres Lalor 0411617268

Hours of Business : 10:00 8:00

Rates : half $50 $ 80 hr

Age : 25

Size/shape : large

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese 

Services Provided : topless hr

Value for money/recommend? : no

My experience/comments :

Was in the area and saw the old flashing neon light.
I walked in and saw a big girl sitting on a chair, I ask her for a half hr massage, $50 comes the reply,
I should have walked... But I didn't..
I had been to this place a while ago, there was a nice old lady, Honey was her name.
Her service was great but not for everyone, so I thought I might experience something similar with Anna..
How wrong was I.
Anna showed me to the room it was small but clean, strip she tells me.
She walks in after a couple of min, and asks me how I would like my massage, I say sensual, trying to hint..
Anna gives me a dry massage to start off, her skills are rubbish, I tell her it's ok if she uses some oil.
This goes on for 10 minutes and the she starts rubbing my balls... I think to myself this is great, I let out a little moan, and she keeps this up.
I'm told to turn over and asked if I want extra... Ok, what's on offer, still thinking about my past experience here with Honey, she tells me $50 nude hr, I ask her is there anything else, she doesn't quite understand my question.. Bad communication. 
So I say ok $50 for nude, she strips and she is fat.. not my thing at all, I don't know why I said yes.
She leaves on her underwear and I tell her, that's not nude.. again she doesn't understand what I'm saying.. it didn't matter, I didn't want to see what was under there anyway.
She oils me up and tries to get me hard, I was struggling with her.. really not my type.
Her boob where big, but dropped to the floor.. I was horrified with her skill, never before have I had my semi fat dick jackhammered like that, it was like a v8 piston on full throttle... I tell her to stop and I say slow, slow down a bit, she slows for a bit but starts up again, fast as can be.
I tell her to stop, I was scared she would rip it off.
Worst experience ever, I was so disappointed I couldn't get out quick enough.
Anna works Wednesday only.
I will try again on another day and see if the girls are more my type.. If not this time I'll walk.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 5th April 2018, 09:04 AM
Poster ID: xs4all4me
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Not looking good for this place so far, lets recap:

BAD = 2
GOOD = 0

Anyone else would like a punt, hoping we get a good one?


Floor: #5
Post Time: 1st August 2018, 11:02 AM
Poster ID: xs4all4me
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Bing

Establishment: Massage Shop

Date of Visit: Early July 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: 0411617268, 13 A Sydney Crescent, Lalor, 3075. Ads: Locanto, Cracker, GumTree

Hours of Business: 10:30am to 8pm

Rates: $50 30min, extras $30 Handjob, $50 Nude Handjob (touching allowed)

Age: 24

Size/shape: Size 9

Nationality or Ethnicity: PRC

Services Provided: Massage, handjob

Value for money/recommend?: Undecided

My experience/comments:

Since my bad review and another punters bad review, I thought I give this place another go and see what happens.

I visited this place on a Thursday in mid july, was greated by the receptionist and asked for 30min massage, handed over $50 and asked me to enter the room just behind reception.
The receptionist looks quite young, maybe in her mid 20's, not a great looker and I don't think he does massages, just mans the front desk and from what I could tell, also mans the mobile phone.

So site unseen as to what my punt will be, I entered the room and stripped and onto the table, in came a bubble chinese girl, shes on the borderline of being chubby but not yet, but geez, from what I can tell, she has some HUGE jugs, looks natural as well 

Didn't discuss extras so I just went with the flow, her english is good and can strike up a conversation, making you feel at week and not the quiet awkwardness, during my converstaion, she said she is 24 and studying hospitality at Swinburn, don't know the truth to this as most of the girls I asked that are studying, all seem to be studying hospitality. She said the receptionist is her friend and I asked does she do massages and she replies sometimes, not sure what she meant by that so I didn't ask. She said he only works Thursday and have been for a month or so.

The massage was below average, this seems to be the norm at this place, started on my back, onto my arms then onto my legs and time came for the flip. She grabs the little fella and said do you want *insert hand gesture here*, I said how much? She said $50, I replied, come on, too much, then I said $30 is the going rate around here, she hesitated and said $50, clothes off and touching allowed. I replied still too much, I didn't bring any extra $ so tried to get nude handjob for $30, but she wouldn't budge. So eventually opted for $30 fully clothed handjob, handjob was pretty normal, oiled me up, started with gentle and various speeds until I blew my load, cleaned me up and off on my merry way.

She only works here Thursday's and said for me to come back and she will look after me, with those huge jugs, I wouldn't mind coming back to see her naked and have a fondle, $50 is a bit much for a nude handjob but since I don't punt often, sometimes maybe it's worth paying that little extra.

Will I return? not sure, I reckon this place has a high turn over with staff, there doesn't seem to be regulars who work here, so you'll never know who your going to get. A couple weeks later, I returned on a Thursday, receptionist said, she is not today but will be tomorrow, I said I will be back tomorrow (Friday) and walked, as I had a glimps of who was working that day and didn't like what I saw.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 1st August 2018, 11:06 AM
Poster ID: xs4all4me
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Rose

Establishment: Massage Shop

Date of Visit: Mid July 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: 0411617268, 13 A Sydney Crescent, Lalor, 3075. Ads: Locanto, Cracker, GumTree

Hours of Business: 10:30am to 8pm

Rates: $50 30min, extras $30 Handjob, $50 Nude Handjob (touching allowed), $100 Blowjob

Age: 40's

Size/shape: Size 9

Nationality or Ethnicity: PRC

Services Provided: Massage, handjob/blow job

Value for money/recommend?: Expensive for what she is asking

My experience/comments:

Just an update to my previous review of this place, I did come back the next day to have another shot with Bing, it was a Friday and what do you know, Bing was a no show and said she will be here next week. At this point I lost all crediblity, since I was already here and needed to empty the chambers I thought why not.

This time around I entered the room to the left of the entrance, in came Rose from PRC, her English was not that great but if you speak with broken Engrish, you'll be fine. She is short and not quite chubby and in her 40's and average looker, not a real conversation talker, again, didn't discuss the extras. The massage was ok, nothing to remember by, during my massage a towel was placed on my butt area, this is when I thought, ok, maybe she is a legit worker with no extras. Then onto the flip, again the towel was placed over my little fella, she continued to massage from head to toe. Then came the ice breaker, she reached under the towel and gently grabbed my little fella and started a slow handy and asked you want?
I said how much, she said $150! I nearly choked on my spit, I said way too much! I said $30 is what I normally pay, she then counter offer with $50 with top off and touching allowed. Not going to cave in I opted for $30 clothed handjob.
She oiled me up and started with a sensual stokes, varying in speeds, with her rediculous prices, I asked if a blowjob is on the card and she said yes with a price of $100 and I asked about FS, she said no.

As mentioned in my previous review, this place will be a hit and miss, there is no price structure and whoever is working will make up their prices as they go along and will sucker those who is willing to pay.
From what I can tell, there doesn't seem to be a regular roster as to who works here so your best to try pot luck or just a place to empty the chambers in hope you find a jackpot at this place.

Will I return again? Probably not, only for a quick release with someone random.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 1st August 2018, 05:18 PM
Poster ID: Jersybull
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I saw the infamous Honey here many moons ago my one and only visit to the place. Have seen this new mob advertising and was thinking about giving it a go seeing as Honey has long since gone. But after reading these reviews the prices are ridiculous and I doubt I will be going there. I may pay them a visit as it is close to me, just to see how much I can get them down to, and if no good, just walk out.


Floor: #8
Post Time: 27th September 2019, 09:06 AM
Poster ID: Small Bane
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
This place has been closed down by the powers that be according to a report in the Sun.


