Thread Title: Rejuvenation Chinese Massage - Preston - 9478 8000
Floor: #1
Post Time: 14th February 2016, 08:37 AM
Poster ID: Goboy
Post Title: 
 Rejuvenation Chinese Massage - Preston - 9478 8000
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : don't know

Establishment : Rejuvenation Chinese Massage

Date of Visit :8 Feb


Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 269 Gower Street Preston 9478 8000

Hours of Business : 10.am--11.pm

Rates : $40 half hr.

Age : mid 20s

Size/shape : slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : massage maybe more

Value for money/recommend? : ok

My experience/comments : 

I  am posting this mainly because it is late night venue .of 11pm or later. 

I completed a legit at Pure Indulgence in High Street Northcote that evening ,a Thai place I can recommend for a straight massage  and one I go to a bit . It is a frustrating place as the girls say strictly not allowed ,but the tend to slide around the vital parts in a tempting slight touch and brush way and talk in very fun way  about my LB size compared to Thai man etc., lots of intimate comments ,all good looking and dressed In revealing singlet tops .but they are not ( so far) tempted by $ or my best salesmanship.Very frustrating.ii keep trying ,but it is mainly cock teasing by them I suspect,

So, after a 10pm finish there I drifted up High street Northcote and Preston , along massage land  ( must have passed about 15 shops) to see what was open . A few were and some I have visited before ,but would not bother again,

i spotted the flickering pink "massage" in Gower street ,a few metres in from High street in Preston 
High street itself and everything else was dark ,lights out .

Met by two young Chinese girls , one tall and nerdy with glasses , slim not inviting and the other a bubbly type also slim and not bad.Bubbles was already  with a punter and had popped out to see who had come in ,so ,to test the market, I said ok to Ms Nerd.

The shop is basic but clean.3 curtained  cubicles ,Floor to ceiling walls .i can hear another punter next door with Bubbles and the conversation is getting more soft voice and intimate ,so I guess he is getting into some late night relax blow and go.

Meantime I have stripped off and lay down . In comes Nerdy and starts on my legs at thigh level . She leans over about 6 inches from the leg ,very intend, as though she is reading  a book and can't see the words properly .it is very slow and studied by her.And so it progresses

I decide I will give her a miss for HJ if offered as she is not for me and I suspect itwould be ultra mechanical , no smiles and little interaction.She reaches the top of the legs and some brushing of the boys ,maybe because it is late or she is waiting for me to ask , but that it is far as she goes . I suspect a few $ would resolve her position.

Meantime the punter next door is telling Bubbles what a great massage and time and  see you in a few nights for more ,followed by much giggles from her.

This place is a pit stop only in my opinion,as it is no GFE and I suspect Bubbles would be limited to HJ at best ,but it may serve as a late night for punters on the prowl .

goboy


Floor: #2
Post Time: 23rd January 2019, 06:52 PM
Poster ID: cl-dean
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Bella

Establishment : Rejuvenation Relaxation

Date of Visit : Jan 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 269 Gower St Preston

Phone : 9478 8000

Hours of Business : 10:30 - whenever

Rates : $45/30 mins

Age : 30s?

Size/shape : Thin

Nationality or Ethnicity : PRC

Services Provided : Massage, HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Perhaps

My experience/comments :

Was in the area with some time to kill and saw this place. I'd been here once before a long time ago. Entered and from the back bounded this thin enthusiastic woman dressed in some kind of BDSM dominatrix gear with fishnet stockings. Went well with the "No Sexual Services" sign she was standing next to.

Was shown into a room, in she came and proceeded to give me a reasonable enough massage for 15 or so minutes. Come the flip, and for an extra $30 HJ was on. 

Overall, not good, not bad. Would not rush back, but would not actively avoid. Bella works Fridays only.

Dean.


