Thread Title: Sweety Massage - 99 Sydney Rd, Coburg, VIC - 03 9912 3197
Floor: #1
Post Time: 18th December 2017, 08:22 AM
Poster ID: Frontloader
Post Title: 
 Sweety Massage - 99 Sydney Rd, Coburg, VIC - 03 9912 3197
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Vicki


Establishment : Sweety Massage, 99 Sydney Rd, Coburg, Vic. 03 9912 3197


Date of Visit : December 2017


Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.honee.com.au/v/melbourne...assage-therapy


Hours of Business : 10am - 8pm


Rates : $65 / hour


Age : 30-35


Size/shape : big, 16? Stands about 5'4 in the old, carries a fair bit of weight, size E+ saggy boobs (guess, as this is off my general sizing chart)


Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese.  Spoken english is good.


Services Provided : hJ, Spanish


Value for money/recommend? : recommended if you like plus size ladies with huge boobs and you like spanish. Ok value, but the two girls here weren't on the young side of 30.


My experience/comments : was traveling in the northern suburbs on a Sunday and coming down Sydney Rd. Saw two MP's nearly opposite each other and Sweety Massage looked the more likely of the two, so I parked and entered.


Waited in reception and a late 30's ML with sizable assets comes out of a room and asks me to wait. Few minutes later another ML comes into reception. This girl is a plus size girl with a huge rack, nice smile and good english. As I was there for a therapeutic HJ I thought I'd stay and handed over $65 for the hour. Was shown room 3 which was nicely presented, floor to ceiling walls, good table, relatively clean and a fan in the corner. ML left me to change.


On return Vicki, my ML for the next hour, proceeded with a cracking massage. She has big hands, can apply a fair amount of pressure and when the timing was right slid her fingers down my crack and around my balls. We were 30 minutes in. What I liked about this was she asked no questions and just went with the flow, it was all quite natural. For a further 5 or so she teased, pulled, pressed and softly blew her breath over my boys. At one time she had me up almost on all fours and milked me whilst playing with my date. 20 minutes to go I flip.


At this point I asked for top off. No problem. She stood back to release a huge sagging rack and accompanying padding around the waist and stomach. They were a heavy set with large areola. Vicki smiled, leant forward and planted a soft beast in my face whilst slowly tugging me off. A bit of suckling then she moved down to slide my cock between her boobs. I requested some oil, it was applied, and I spent my remaining time holding her boobs on either side and pumped my cock between her boobs unit I released. I must say that spanish with a big boobed girl is nearly as good as sex. Tip: $50.


No shower at this place, so wipe down with cloth and water bucket.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 6th May 2019, 01:55 AM
Poster ID: Gravy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Tina

Establishment : Sweety Massage

Date of Visit : May 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 99 Sydney Road, Coburg

Phone : 03 9912 3197

Hours of Business : 10am - 9pm

Rates : $100 for 30 minutes

Age : GILF.  Pushing 60 I rhink.  The second oldest ML I have been with.  Betty at Chadstone would be the oldest.

Size/shape : Short, size 6, skinny ass and legs, large B cups enhanced 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Malaysian

Services Provided : BBBJ, FS

Value for money/recommend? : No

My experience/comments : 
I walked in to see who was available.  Tina came down the corridor and said hello.  I asked for another girl, she said she was alone and would look after me.  I went to leave, she took my hand and led me into the front room.  I am so weak.  She offered me a massage, I shook my head and said BJ.  We bartered over whether it was going to be CBJ or BBBJ, I went to leave again, she consented to a BBBJ and FS for $100.  I was considering $80 for the BBBJ but blurted out the usual rate in this type of shop so ran with it.   She was worried about whether I was clean or not.   She went and got the usual gear while I undressed.  I had high hopes when she told me she was off to lock the front door.  She came back in and stripped off.  Her enhanced titties are her best feature, really nice nipples. She gave me a going over with wet wipes then dropped her knees and took me in about a quarter depth.  Its the weirdest BJ I ever had, sounded like a plunger.  Only a quarter depth.   I held her hands for a while so she didn't block and managed to get some rythm going, but as soon as I did that she stopped and went for the rubber.  I declined and got her to keep sucking.   I got bored with it so got her to get on the table, she lay sideways and blew me, but adopted this weird posture to limit any access with my hands.  I knew then it wasn't going to get any better.  I tried some reverse, she freaked out at first but calmed down and enjoyed.  Flipped her over, she was relaxing, but as soon as I brushed the kitty, she was all "don't touch, no fingers".  I gave up at that point and got her back on her kneews for more BJ.  She gave me another minute then slipped a rubber on and lay back in sleeping on the job position on the table.  Standing mish for a while, she actuall started to enjoy it and move with me, but it was so dire I went soft in the rubber.  Pulled out and tried to cock slide her to wake it up again, she grabbed it and stuffed it back in semi hard.   Nope.  I pulled out again and took the rubber off, intending to wank onto her titties, she wasn't having any of it and asked me to lie on the table for a handy.  I usually refuse this and go for standing up COF or something, but she wore me down.   Nothing happening with the oily HJ, I went to touch her ass, she says "you like ass?".  Here we go, I got her to get up in 69...  another weird posture that limited access, and verbal instructions from her for no fingers inside.  I put one outside and she didn't like that either.   I stroked her date, she didn't like that either.  I died inside and just let go.  She immediately started with the "too much, too much".   Clean up, perfunctory farewell, never again.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 6th May 2019, 08:35 PM
Poster ID: Goboy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
What a terrible experience
Goboy


