Thread Title: Thian Hom Thai Massage - Craigieburn - 0415 464 234
Floor: #1
Post Time: 5th November 2018, 07:58 AM
Poster ID: johnnydtf
Post Title: 
 Thian Hom Thai Massage - Craigieburn - 0415 464 234
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Patty

Establishment : Thian Hom Thai Massage

Date of Visit : 2/11/2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Lygon St, Craigieburn

Phone : Not sure

Hours of Business : 10am-8pm i think

Rates : $59 an hour

Age : Mid 30's

Size/shape : Curvy, Size 10 maybe

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian

Services Provided : Massage, HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : 

Have seen this place everytime i drive to the central in Craigieburn and though i would give it a go.
Knock on the door and wait about a min before patty opens the door.
Cute thing in her 30's who looks to have a nice lil body on her.
I ask for a hour massage to which i though she told me was $55 but ended up being $59.

Massage is good and she does alot of teasing and some light undercarrage ball strokes that gets me rock hard.
On the flip she turns and sees my hardon and goes if i would like it massaged. She says $50 to which i responded i only have $25 (I had $21 as i only got a dollar change not 5 like i thought) and she agrees but says no touching. So not sure if $50 gets you topless or she allows over the top or under shirt touching. I will have to return and find out.
Anyways she oils up the lil fella and gives a decent HJ. Gets me over the line then gives the normal don't tell anyone i do this speech.
When i go to pay i realise she only gave me $1 change so only had $21 not $25. She was ok with this but said i look after her next time.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 17th June 2019, 09:09 PM
Poster ID: Cortease
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
This place has now closed down, it was a decent place even just for a massage but has moved quickly


Floor: #3
Post Time: 27th June 2019, 05:31 PM
Poster ID: Cortease
Post Title: 
 Thianhom Thai Massage , craigieburn, 0415 464 234
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : lisa

Establishment : Thianhom Thai Massage

Date of Visit : 18th june

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 49 craigieburn rd craigieburn

Phone : 0415 464 234

Hours of Business : 10-9pm

Rates : 45 30mins + $50extra

Age : early - mid 20s

Size/shape : short, solid but nice

Nationality or Ethnicity : thai

Services Provided : massage, topless hj

Value for money/recommend? : not bad, yes

My experience/comments :

So ive been visiting this fairly new home setup thai massage place for a few months now, seems very legit, they have a mix of young thai girls and older thai women, all wear a similar dress code, black leggings and black tops, the setup and atmosphere all seems legit thai massage, ive been going here for some pretty good traditional thai massages and havnt thought anymore than that, ive been seeing mainly only 2 girls here, lisa (which i will get into) and candy, young early 20s slim thai girl, very pretty. Both girls are very good at their massage, which is hard to find young girls these days with good skills!

Anyway, tuesday nigh after work, stiff neck and a headache from a busy day i pop in randomly for a quick half hr fix up, i usually call ahead to make a 1hr booking with one of the two girls (whoever is on) but didnt this time, i roll in and greeting by an older woman, there is alot of talking and laughing coming from the kitchen, they seem quiet and like there having a bit of fun between themselves back there, i ask is lisa on and she says she will go get her, out comes lisa (she is a solid girl, pretty face and very talkative, under her clothes she seems like she would have a decent rack and a nice solid butt!)

Lisa is dressed in loose trackies and a tight short sleeved top, a little different from the usual, i ask for half hour only this time, pay, enter the room and strip off, i leave my jocks on here as ive nener thought anything more of this place... so far...

I find out that its Lisa's day off and shes only there to collect pay but only took me in as i asked for her,

Lisa returns and asks what i like, i said can she focus on my neck and shoulders im very sore and tight and have a headache, need to relax so i can sleep well, she says no problem and away we go, good solid and strong massage for the next 25mins as per usual

The tempo slows down and she starts massaging my head in a soft relaxing way and asks is there anywhere else you want to focus on?  I didnt think anything on it and i say how much time left is there? Maybe just do soft massage to relax me before i go, she says okay, but is there anywhere else you want to focus on?  
At this point im a little confused and not sure if shes trying to tempt me or just genuinely asking if i want massage somewhere else, i say the heads good, sorry ive had a busy long day, your doing a great job as always and she repeats, bit more firmly now, 
but... is there..anyway..else..you want me to focus on?

I lean up and look at her for a moment, i say what do you mean? She says, anyway, with a smile, i say can i roll over? Sure! She grabs a pillow and places it under my head and stand next to my soft (at the moment) cock, im thinking, this cant be...
She says soo.... would you like extra massage? And places her hand on my leg, im like sure! How much? She says $50 im like mmmmmmmmmmmmm its a little much, she says $30 and winks at me.. 
I remember i only have a solid $50 note in my wallet so its kinda hard to bargain , then break a note haha, so i said $50 nude hj? She replys okay, turns around and off comes the top and bra, then she turns back and says sorry my i have period so no pants off, okay! No problem!

She has smallish maybe b cup tits, a decent handful but nothing to be asking for again i think, she oils up my semi and starts rubbing my balls, more of a massage which felt great, i harden up and she grabs my shaft, starts with a slow stroke and i place my hand in her arse, she says nothing so all good, shes very sensual with her technique moving between balls then cock then balls then cock, i start grabbing her arse which is very firm, i dont know whether she is tensing so i dont try to have a feel between or its just solid muscle, not really my thing as i like a soft bubble butt! I take a handful of her tits, squeezing and rubbing her nipples, no real emotion of anything so i close my eyes and just play with then as she works her magic hands, after 5mins or so i build up and she speeds up accordingly, i blow a weeks load all over her hands and i let out a sigh of relief as she smiles down at me,

She cleans me up and tells me to wait while she goes to get hot towels, comes back and cleans me all up, its been about 40mins total now so well over, she sits me up and rubs my neck again, stretches me out abit and the traditional thai back slap finish, 

I jump up dress and pay her, thank her for her services and give her a $5 tip on top of the $50 (all i had) and thanked her for seeing me on her day off!

I left happy and relaxed, glad i found a place that does A+ thai massage and now i can get a hj too! Ive either had great massage and no extras or shit massage with all extras... 

If you try out this place please dont be pushy, i feel as tho because ive been seeing the same girl for a while i was offered extras, they are lovely people there and dont want to ruin something good and ruin there business!

I definitely will return, even just for massages but would take a hj as i feel they would charge alot more for anything else


Floor: #4
Post Time: 27th June 2019, 09:25 PM
Poster ID: Jersybull
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
'I remember i only have a solid $50 note in my wallet so its kinda hard to bargain , then break a note haha, so i said $50 nude hj?'

Golden rule for me when I go punting, have small change in your wallet just in case. I have lost count of how many reviews I have read on here where this exact thing happens. It never happens to me.
Also the old $50 nude massage ending up being only topless because of the 'period' conjob? I would have asked her for change.
Not a bad punt by the sound of it, but all up $95 for a tits out handjob, too much for me.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 28th June 2019, 07:14 AM
Poster ID: Cortease
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I usually do have broken notes when punting but this was honestly not a punt, i was more in shock and suprised when offered!

But next time ill know!


Floor: #6
Post Time: 4th July 2019, 04:55 AM
Poster ID: johnnydtf
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Been here a couple times. Forgot the name of the girls but both have done hj, while one did topless hj and mentioned for $50 next time she will do bbbj. Think It Was Nancy?


Floor: #7
Post Time: 11th July 2019, 09:28 AM
Poster ID: Cortease
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Do you remember how much you paid for hj? I want to make sure im not paying too much,


Floor: #8
Post Time: 11th July 2019, 03:21 PM
Poster ID: johnnydtf
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
$30 I paid for hj


