Thread Title: Triple one - Preston - 0403 358 123
Floor: #1
Post Time: 2nd May 2014, 05:15 PM
Poster ID: ritual
Post Title: 
 Triple one - Preston - 0403 358 123
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Marneer

Establishment : Triple one massage studio

Date of Visit : 27/04/2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 111 High st Preston 0403 358 123

Hours of Business : 10-8 7-days

Rates : $70 + $20 extra

Age : mid 30's

Size/shape : 10 not bad

Nationality or Ethnicity : thai?

Services Provided : massage/rnt

Value for money/recommend? : yes

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

I was feeling like a massage and a bit horny too so I thought I would give this new place a go, not really expecting much being it looked quite professional from the outside, rang and made time to visit, oldish woman greets me i pay my $70 and she ushers me into back room. Alex is her name she tells me she will start massage because the girl was busy with another punter and that when the other girl finished about 5 min she would take over, I tell her thats fine, I strip nude and cover my legs with the towel and leave my bum exposed I figure if she pulls the towel up and covers my bum then not much will happen other than a massage. She walks in and as I'm lying on the table and tells me other girl finished now I'm told to get up and make my way to the front room It's walmer in the other room she says, I wrap the towel around my waist and move rooms, in walks Marneer mid 30's woman not bad looking nice size tits size c wearing a t-shirt and those tight wet looking lycra pants (not sure what there called) she says hello and asks s/m/h I say med she starts and her skills are ok not the best I've had, her english is limited she massages my back for 20min then starts on my legs, this is when all the fun begins, she stars to tease by brushing and caressing my balls and arse crack as she does she leans over and asks 'you like' I nod and she continues this for a short while, at this stage I'm so hard I flip without having to be asked, I look at her and say how much, her english is bad all she says is 'you tip' 'you tip' I give her the peace sign of 2 fingers and she agrees so she starts to give me a tug as she does I start playing with her tits, outside first, she then lifts up her top and lets me undo her red bra and I start to kiss and lick those nice size tits as this is happening she plays with my balls and where the sun don't shine 'without warning' bang in she goes and starts finger fucking my arse, now I'm pretty open to this so I don't mind, I grab her arse and then feel around her front and start to play with her snatch, she then says 'you tip' now I'm not sure what this meant, 'you tip' for fs or to play there, her english was bad and I didn't quite understand her point, anyway I was happy with the status quo and was close to shooting my load anyway, she finished me of with me sucking her tits and her fingering my arse, she cleaned me up and I paid her $20 gave her a kiss and hug and left. I think there is more on offer but that will have to wait until my next visit.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 4th May 2014, 09:08 PM
Poster ID: shtumper
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks for sussing this place out.  If folks haven't cottoned on to the latest developments, there are some 3 or 4 new massage joints in the Preston area that have opened up in recent months (elsewhere on High St, and not too difficult to spot - a slow drive down High St through the main shopping precinct in Preston looking carefully left and right as you go should let you spot all of them) and another new joint in Reservoir (continue driving down High St into Reservoir and, at Reservoir station, turn direct right onto Broadway.  Where once there were two massage joints down the left side of Broadway, now there are three).  I've visited two of the aforementioned new places and had a detailed-enough phone conversation with the chick who runs a third to confirm both from repeated, satisfactory hands on experience - plus a pleasingly frank response from the aforementioned chick on the phone who runs the place that I'm yet to visit- that there's gold in them there hills if folks want to head into these Northern climes to suss out the new places available.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 12th May 2014, 01:51 PM
Poster ID: johnnydtf
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Where is the 3rd in reservoir. I have been to the one by the computer store and the one next to the fish n chip shop.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 13th November 2015, 11:10 PM
Poster ID: TheOtherDave
Post Title: 
 Nana - 111 High Street Preston - 0403 358 123
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name Nana

Establishment : Triple One

Date of Visit : 13/11/2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 111 High Street Preston 0403 358 123

Hours of Business : 10 - 9

Rates : $70 /hr hj $30, $50 nude (what I gave, not what was asked for)

Age : mid 30s

Size/shape : medium c cup

Nationality or Ethnicity : Taiwan

Services Provided :HJ, CBJ, FS possibly other services

Value for money/recommend? : Yes 

Visited this place for the second time and caught up with Nana again, I didn't post a review for the first visit figuring I'd take a second punt to see what else was on offer.

I saw Nana on both occasions, the first visit great massage, took out some kinks, and plenty of touches between the thighs to get the old boy rising, On the flip offered a HJ but left it open on how much was to be paid, the hj was pretty good, not rushed, good pace and took her time to get me over the line. I figured the going rate these days was 30, she was happy with that. She was clothed, allowed touching her boobs, under her top and fingering under her skirt. On this occasion I didn't push for anything, wasn't sure what was on offer, the massage was great and I took the first visit to this place as being a bit of a feeler to see what could be on.

Moving on to today.... booked Nana again for the hour. I was curious to see how far things could go on the second visit. She's friendly, although not good with English, maybe just enough to get by. She's not unattractive, but I guess that is a personal thing. She gives a good massage ranging from soft to medium hard, hitting all the pressure points. I think the massage itself for the hour is worth it. She gets rid of the kinks, spends time on your back, shoulders, neck and head before moving to your legs where she starts to get more sensual sliding her hands under, stroking and massaging to get the old boy interested.

On this visit on the flip again she offered hj, asking if I wanted her to take off. Who was I to say no. There was no mention of price, as on the first visit she left it up to me as to what I was prepared to pay. Naked revealed a reasonable rack, big nipples that she loved having licked and squeezed. She allowed fingering, trimmed pussy that started to become wet when I inserted a couple of digits. As on the first visit the hj was slow and relaxed taking her time to get me over the line.

She uses a reasonable amount of oil for the massage, but that's washed and dried off with a hot towel. She's not rushed, after the deed is done she gives a decent head and shoulder massage and doesn't rip off on time, you get your full hours worth.

I'll be returning for a third visit, I'm pretty sure there could be more on offer, damn curiousity gets the better off me, but, as I said if all else fails at least the massage and hj are pretty good.

Good luck guys


Floor: #5
Post Time: 29th April 2016, 09:14 PM
Poster ID: Like
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Mamasan

Establishment : Triple One

Date of Visit : late April 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 111 High St, Preston

Hours of Business : Note sure

Rates : $60 for 45 min

Age : 40+

Size/shape : Medium, thin

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : massage only

Value for money/recommend? : No

My experience/comments : Was walking south along High St from way up north checking out all the AMP's on the way. Each time I would pass one I would check the reviews. None were encouraging, although maybe Alana Thai Massage next time. Anyhow, ended down near 111 and as I walked past a older Thai woman walked in and there was a hot girl with a super short dress on and big breasts falling out the top so I did a U-turn and went on in. The hot girl was busy having her lunch at the front desk and unfortunately for me it was the mamasan for me. The room was ok but partitions not full height. Clean towels etc so all good there. Ok massage, hands were fairly rough.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 29th April 2016, 09:53 PM
Poster ID: WOTAN01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Does mamasan have a name?


Floor: #7
Post Time: 28th August 2016, 12:04 AM
Poster ID: Jersybull
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Alice

Establishment : 111 High street Preston

Date of Visit : 27/8/16

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : as above

Hours of Business : 10am to 9pm

Rates : $50 half hour

Age : 25-35 who knows?

Size/shape : Very skinny

Nationality or Ethnicity : Said Chinese?

Services Provided : Clothed massage and tug

Value for money/recommend? : Not for me. Too many in this area $70 nude and tug.

My experience/comments : Since Winnie went back to China I have been trying out different places in my favorite hunting grounds. Today it was this one. First time I have been here. Walked in met by a skinny woman talking on her mobile. She asked me if I wanted a massage. I replied no, can I have a sausage in bread please? No sense of humour straight over the top. Told her half hour massage, $50 paid into the room I go. Hoped like hell it was not going to be her doing the job, unfortunately it was. Against all expectations the massage wasnt too bad. After a while she asked if I wanted the front massaged too. Rolled over and said to go for it. After a few tactical rubs of jersy  junior she asked if I want this one. Told her to go for it. Like the massage the tug was surprisingly good. Nice and slow. About 5 minutes in she asks, "tips" of course I reply, nothing agreed on just a tip. She continued on with the tug. She had a great 2 handed technique, and it was exactly how I like it, slow, hold the base with one hand, slowly up and down with the other not going over the knob. Eventually I came and she did a great job of extracting every last drop. She joked and said sleep now 2 hours ready again. I replied no, old man,  need at least 4 hours.
She cleaned me up and let me out the back door.
Overall not a bad experience in the end but I still prefer the option of the nude rub n tug for $70 in this area. After I dressed I took $20 out of my wallet for the tip. She seemed to be expecting more by the look on her face but sorry for a clothed massage and tug in this area, that was it for me. Out the back door and away.


