Thread Title: Watsonia Massage Therapy - 369 Greensborough Rd, Watsonia - 03 9434 7725
Floor: #1
Post Time: 12th December 2012, 10:16 PM
Poster ID: Darkprincejnr
Post Title: 
 Watsonia Massage Therapy - 369 Greensborough Rd, Watsonia - 03 9434 7725
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Serena

Establishment :Watsonia Massage Therapy

Date of Visit : About 2 months ago, sorry cant be more accurate

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 369 Greensborough Rd, Watsonia Ph. 9434 7725

Hours of Business : 10am - 9pm I think

Rates : $60/hr, $30 extra's

Age : 20's

Size/shape : Cuddly

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Massage HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : I have been to this establishment a few times now & it's a bit hit & miss. After bombing out twice I decided to book with Serena who complies with my needs. On my last visit she remembered me due to some distinctive tattoos. Even though her English is not perfect it's good enough to have a chat with her. Her massage is above average, always confirming if the pressure is OK. When it came to the flip I was already rock hard. She started massaging my chest softly pinching my nipples. She kept grinning moving her eyes from my monster back to eye contact, slightly raising her eyebrows. After a quick nod from myself she poured oil over my hard-on & slowly went to work on it. Next thing I know she is sucking & nibbling on my nipples, which made it nearly end right then. She allows light petting on the outside of her clothes but no more then that. 
Remember gentlemen, make sure you book with Serena, then it's a guarantee.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 20th October 2013, 04:34 PM
Poster ID: rexrunt82
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Coco (I suspect there are many other Chinese 20 something girls with the same name)

Establishment : Watsonia Massage Therapy

Date of Visit : Many visits between April and June 2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Ph: 03 94347725 Watsonia Massage Therapy, 369 Greensborough Rd Watsonia Watsonia Massage Therapy

Hours of Business : Monday to Sunday 10.00am - 8.00pm, (Not sure now)

Rates : 30min $40 1hr $70 +$10 extra for Happy Ending

Age : 26

Size/shape : 8 - 10

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Full Body Sensual Relaxation Massage & HJ 

Value for money/recommend? : YES very good massage

My experience/comments : After several attempts at trying to get a decent massage I decided to try Watsonia Massage Therapy after having finished work and not yet ready to face the family without some form of relaxation. R n T was definitely on the menu. Not having been to many R n T's on this part of town I wasn't quite sure what to expect although knowing that making a booking at these kinds of places is pointless I just decided to turn up, one evening.

Enter the premises and greeted by Mamasan (40 something, not bad looking either) who promptly ushers me into a room at the back and asks how long I would like, I said 1hr and she said do you want to pay extra $10 implying for the hand job, so I said why not. I give her the money and she returns with the change and instructs me to take all my clothes off and lay on the bed. I've barely removed half my clothes and there's a knock on the door. Coco answers, a pretty Chinese student with medium black hair and welcoming smile. There's no choice of girl-you get it's whoever opens the door. 

How do I want it today? Soft, Medium or Firm? I ask for firm as I have been needing a decent massage for quite some time and she then proceeds to massage me.

For $70 + an extra $10 this gives me about 50 mins of her rubbing me and the remainder 10 trying to convince her to do what I want to me.

As is often the case in places like this the girls don't speak much English and conversations are limited, but one can only wonder what this can lead to if they are offering HJ's.

When she finally finishes up on my massage she asks me to turn over as she wants to do the HJ now. Ok. She leans over me and although she is clothed her decent sized chest is all but in my face. She hops up on the table and kneels between my legs, but no it's not a spontaneous BJ. She just wants to look me in the eye as she pumps her hand up and down my raging cock, snarling "yes fuck me" with each pump. This gets me over the line pretty quick, and yet she manages to get most of it before it ends up everywhere. After clean up she takes another 10 minutes for pretty decent shoulder and arms massage and slap on the bum to finish.

Would definitely recommend it as the massage was great and the HJ was really a bonus.


