Thread Title: Ya Ya Glamour Massage Centre - Moonee Ponds - 0455 776 699
Floor: #1
Post Time: 17th August 2014, 07:52 AM
Poster ID: tiny tito
Post Title: 
 Ya Ya Glamour Massage Centre - Moonee Ponds - 0455 776 699
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Cindy

Establishment : Ya Ya Glamour Massage Centre

Date of Visit : 16-08-14

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : http://melbourne.locanto.com.au/ID_2...ge-Centre.html

Hours of Business : 10 am--10 pm

Rates : 80.00 inc cbj 1/2 Hr

Age : 20's

Size/shape : slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian

Services Provided : massage / cbj

Value for money/recommend? : yes

My experience/comments : rocked up to this place about 5.00 pm Saturday arvo stroll in the first person i see is Cherry (the mumma san from the 2 in footscray / and St Albans so looks like she has another shop in her group now)  ..meet Cindy and in the room and sort out whats going to happen f/s not on offer so go with cbj start with a ok massage better than most but lets face it we dont realy go for a massage do but if its good its a bonas this lady has had some training in massage ..any whey flip over get young tiny ready for action and of she goes great head job nice action no hand work at all just pure mouth yes i will be back again (if your looking for a busty lady cindy is not for you she is very tiny Nealy flat 
happy punting 
    Tiny


Floor: #2
Post Time: 17th August 2014, 08:30 AM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Locanto ad,





			
				 Welcome To Ya Ya Glamour Massage Centre - 20

Welcome fellas to Ya Ya Glamour, we're located on 116 Maribyrnong road Moonee Ponds. We have just opened with a spacious and luxurious 3 rooms, shower room and not to mention young and beautiful masseuses. We have all sorts of prices and services, whether your in for a quick massage or if you would to stay for an our or more, we cater for all.

For bookings or enquiries please call 0455 776 699, our business hours are 10am to 10pm


Floor: #3
Post Time: 17th August 2014, 12:52 PM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by tiny tito


Person's Name : Cindy

Establishment : Ya Ya Glamour Massage Centre

Date of Visit : 16-08-14
.

"""



Thank you for your review tiny tito.

As far as I can see, a discovery of a new place, so you have taken one for the team.

Good on you.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 19th August 2014, 04:33 PM
Poster ID: Genji88
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Upon texting them, run by the same group behind YAM & Korea Hollywood.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 22nd August 2014, 05:20 PM
Poster ID: dko
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
they do offer fs for 100. mimi is vietnamese decent looking, b breasts, size 10, once she took her gear off looked like she got lipo suction with no tummy tuck lol very friendly


Floor: #6
Post Time: 26th October 2014, 08:01 PM
Poster ID: tiny tito
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
called here today seen Rita (big mistake ) wont go into to to much detail but took 1 for the team would have to be the worst fs i have had in all my years of punting 
cheers Tiny


Floor: #7
Post Time: 24th February 2015, 05:55 PM
Poster ID: c4dams
Post Title: 
 Ya Ya Glamour - Moonee Ponds - 0435959660
				
Post Content: 
[COLOR=#333333]Person's Name : Short girl - not Vicky[/COLOR]

[COLOR=#333333]Establishment : Yaya Glamour Massage - Ascot Vale[/COLOR]

[COLOR=#333333]Date of Visit : FEB 2015[/COLOR]

[COLOR=#333333]Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Maribyrnong Rd [/COLOR]http://melbourne.locanto.com.au/ID_3...ge-Centre.html

[COLOR=#333333]Hours of Business : 10-11PM[/COLOR]

[COLOR=#333333]Rates : 30min FS:100 Nude CBJ:80 RnT: 70[/COLOR]

[COLOR=#333333]Age : late 20s[/COLOR]

[COLOR=#333333]Size/shape : 8 ... natural D cup size[/COLOR]

[COLOR=#333333]Nationality or Ethnicity : Viet[/COLOR]

[COLOR=#333333]Services Provided : FS / CBJ / R&T[/COLOR]

[COLOR=#333333]Value for money/recommend? : Yes[/COLOR]

[COLOR=#333333]My experience/comments :
Went in on a weekday at exactly opening time. 
Was greeted by an old Mamasan instead of the young man with the kid. There was only 1 girl working at the time of my arrival. She was a young short girl with massive rack.
I took the CBJ massage option for $80. She locked the door and proceeded to undress.
During the session she sat on my back and massaged me while drooping her breasts over me The mirror in the corner allowed me to watch as the action goes on, she stared back at me in the mirror  and said I was very ....... perving on her!

On with the flip, I received the wettest blow job ever. It felt like my soul is being drained. I was a very satisfied customer.

Upon exit, I saw Vicky (the taller girl with the fake tits) eating her breakfast downstairs. Maybe I'll poke back later for her :P[/COLOR]


Floor: #8
Post Time: 22nd March 2015, 02:35 PM
Poster ID: tbone
Post Title: 
 Lily -Ya Ya Glamour massage - Moonee Ponds - 0455 776 699
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : lily

Establishment : Ya ya glamour massage 

Date of Visit : 3rd of march

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 116 Maribyrnong Rd Moonee Ponds ph 0455 776 699

Hours of Business : 10-8

Rates : 50 for half hour 70 for nude half hour

Age : late 30's/early40's

Size/shape : size 8 typical Asian build thin

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian

Services Provided : massage plus relief

Value for money/recommend? : 

My experiences/comments :
Had a meeting cancelled and was on the way to the next one while i waited in traffic stopped behind a bloody tram i noticed this place.
Not discreet as it is right out the front of a tram stop and a intersection.
Parking not great but found a spot across the road.
SPoek to receptionist a mid 20s girl who made it clear she wasn't the masseuse but ran me through the details.
Booked in for half an hour and the building is quite nice and big. went upstairs to the room and 30 seconds later lily walked in.
SHe is a late 30's early40's typical masseuse. They are strict on time at this place so it straight into it.
I took the nude option and she had nice little boobs and a big bush.
The massage was ok but she kept asking if it was to hard and honestly i could barely feel a thing.
While she was massaging her back i could feel her pubes which were very long rubbing against my arms.
the turn over happens and she starts to play with lil bone and then gets up and goes to her handbag producing a condom. I asked her what for and she said blowjob... so she puts him on starts to suck away and not too bad. Next minute i start rubbing her clit from behind and she gets very wet and sucking ferociously so not long after this i blow into the condom and we are done. she gives me a hug and kiss on the cheek and says you are done.. no extra money asked for.
Got up and dressed and left. would i return maybe if i was in the area as $70 half hour nudes are hard to find nowadays(used be the norm!) but i wouldnt make the effort to head there.


Floor: #9
Post Time: 4th May 2015, 05:51 PM
Poster ID: caesar13
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Yoyo

Establishment : Ya ya glamour massage 

Date of Visit : May 4th 2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 116 Maribyrnong Rd Moonee Ponds ph 0455 776 699

Hours of Business : 10-8

Rates : $100 30m FS

Age : Early-mid 40's

Size/shape : Size 10, thin, slight tummy, A/B cups

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian

Services Provided : Massage / HR / CBJ / DATY / FS

Value for money/recommend? : VFM. Would like to try the other girls too.

My experiences/comments :

Was in the area with a client - actually found this on locanto and thought I'd be the first one to review. Only saw all the reviews here later.

Walked in and was met by a young lass who directed me into room #1. In walks Yoyo, big smile, few chuckles. No mention of cash, just walks over and starts undressing me. This is new - haven't had this done before. I figures things were going to go places from here. So she gets the shirt off, laughing cause she couldn't undo all the buttons, then come off the pants and socks, and then the boxers. She directs me to sit up on the table and she walks out of the room. Ok... again, slightly weird. So she comes back in with a piece of paper. At this stage I realise she has ZERO english. She points to the paper and tells me to point to what I want.
It has scribbled:
"30 Minutes - Massage $50, Nude Massage + HE $70, Full Service $100" followed by options for 45 minutes and an hours.
The rates for 45 minutes were $150 which I thought a bit high. If I'm getting 30 minutes of full service for $100 then the other 15 minutes isn't really worth another $50 is it? Anyway, I thought a lecture in the economics of diminishing returns may not have been appropriate, so I just smiled and pointed at the $100. She then smiled and left.

I waited.. and waited.. maybe 10 minutes. What the fuck was she doing? Then I hear feet running towards the door and she crashes though with a triumphant look on her face as she brandished a dark blue dom. She put it down on the table, locked the door and then disrobed.

I'm still on the table at this point. She wanders over, back to me, and grabs my hands and puts them on her tits from behind. We played for a little while and she then jumped up on the table. I didn't have the dom on at this stage so was wondering what she had in mind. I crawled down and stuck my ass in her face as I went down on her. She was getting pretty wet by this stage, and then started licking my ass as things got more intense for her.

Finally I got the tap and she grabbed some wipes. One for my face and one for mini me. She puts the dom on and gave me a good BJ for a couple of minutes and then jumped back up on the table. I jumped on top, and she moved to put me inside. She made a LOT of noise during the process. I'm not sure what she was going for, but it was effective enough at getting me across the line quickly.

Cleaned up afterwards and got a hug and peck on the cheek on the way out. As I was heading for the door, she kept yelling her name at me. "YOYO". "YOYO". Yes yes, ok, I got it. "YOYO!" "YOYO!" OK dammit I'll come back!


Floor: #10
Post Time: 6th May 2015, 08:47 AM
Poster ID: caesar13
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
These guys have a few other shops too. Here's the text I got from them:

- Shops :
        • Korea Hollywood 
- 249 Barkly St Footscray Vic 3011
- From 10am to 10pm

        • Massage Relax Yaya Glamour 
- 116 Maribyrnong Rd. Moonee Ponds Vic 3039
- From 10am to 10pm

        • Young Asian Massage 
- 120 Geelong Rd. Footscray Vic 3011
- From 10am to 8pm

        • Samui Samui massage
- 86 Douglas Parade
Williamstown Vic 3016
- From 10am to 8pm

427 Brunswick st Fitzroy 
-From 10am to 10pm
------------------
- Prices :
       -50$/30m
       -70$/30m
       80$,90$,100$ depend you do 

* Any information pls come to the shop to have the look and deal with your lovely girl that you choose... 

Thanks to handsome customers.


Floor: #11
Post Time: 7th September 2015, 12:09 PM
Poster ID: c4dams
Post Title: 
 Yaya Glamour Massage - Moonee Ponds
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lily

Establishment : Ya Ya Glamour Massage

Date of Visit : 07 / 09 / 2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 116 Maribyrnong Rd 0435959660

Hours of Business : 10am - 10PM

Rates : 30 min (70/80/100 HJ/BJ/FS)

Age : 30-45

Size/shape : Slim but ample tits

Looks: 6/10

Nationality or Ethnicity : Viet

Services Provided : HJ BBBJ FS

Value for money/recommend? : Yes for BBBJ

My experience/comments :
This joint is a bit hit and miss, they operate a variety of parlours in Footscray, Williamstown and Fitzroy. I guess the girls rotate through the locations too.
Lily was an older Viet lady, however, she can pass as someone in her 30s with all the makeup and slim body. Her defining feature were her bountiful breasts, they looked real, and upon touch they were indeed real!!!
I opted for a BJ THEN massage for $80. She did not have a condom in the room, so I asked for a BBBJ, she smiled and proceeded willingly. 
What followed was 25 minutes of industrious BJing. She pulled every trick in the book: licking the balls, pressing the prostate, deep throat, tongue tickling of the head. I also got to suck on her nipples while playing with her clit during the whole thing. Definitely was value for money! After the explosion and clean up, I received 5 minutes of oil massage and a hug good bye.


Floor: #12
Post Time: 9th September 2015, 01:06 PM
Poster ID: johnnydtf
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks for the review mate. 25 mins of bbbj shows great stamina by both parties. Might have to pay a visit on my lunch break.


Floor: #13
Post Time: 7th October 2015, 02:31 PM
Poster ID: punt road
Post Title: 
 YaYa Glamour Massage
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name :   Kim

Establishment :  YaYa Glamour Massage

Date of Visit : 01/10/2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 116 Maribyrnong Road, Moonee Ponds VIC. M: 0455 779 669

Hours of Business :  10.00am - 10.00pm 7 days

Rates : $70/half hour nude massage 

Age : 35-40 ish

Size/shape : 12-14   D cups 

Nationality or Ethnicity :  PRC

Services Provided :   Nude Massage + tug

Value for money/recommend? :   Up there with the worst punts I have ever had

My experience/comments :   So I was in this area and felt like some action more than just a massage and remembered some positive reviews of this place so thought I would give it a go. It was early Thursday afternoon and first issue was getting a park somewhere near the entrance as located on very busy road. Anyway got in and there is a door then locked door with buzzer so at least you can get out of visibility while waiting to get in. Greeted by youngish PRC in tracksuit pants who did not look like one of the working ladies (and wasn't) who showed me into room 1 and told me to wait.  Then in comes Kim. She was not an attractive lady, a little large but she had made no attempt to make herself look good and she  had this look of having a bad day and not wanting to be there so I was not keen to spend time with her and asked if there were any other ladies available which went down like a lead balloon and she snapped "no all busy" (there was only one more working as I found out later) so she started with a bit of "what's wrong with me" to which I should have politely said nothing and GTF out of there but I pushed on and tried to smooth things over and asked for a nude massage and handed over $70, stripped off and got on the table. Old building but room/towels etc looked pretty clean. Kim came back a few minutes later, stripped off and started massaging by slapping on the oil and said "been here before" to which I lied and said "yes". "Who did you see?" she snapped and I said I couldn't remember as it was a long time ago and then she wouldn't let it go and said "what dis she look like" and I said I think she was tallish with long hair (more lies) and she kept grilling me like it was an interrogation or she thought I was a cop or council worker or I don't know wtf was going on?!  Anyway, conversation ceased and  massage continued - was just ok but and then a few gentle brushes to the tackle and I decided to flip and ask if she did extras.."what do you want?!" she snapped (her tone was always angry!) to which I sheepishly said oral and she said "$30 condom only" and then when  I suggested BBBJ she just began a non-stop rant how she doesn't use her tongue and all the diseases you can get and if you think I am going to do that for $20-30 I am better off going to work in a proper brothel and why would I bother and blah blah blah. So I said forget it, just the HJ and she grabbed the oil again and just started yanking away looking the other way and then again started up and said listen if you want all that stuff there is a lady Lily that works here go and see her she does anything no condoms but she has got infections and customers don't know but they all come because they are stupid (by this point she was getting louder and louder and tugging harder and harder) and I said "stop, you're hurting me" and she then slowed down a little but by this time I just wanted to get  out of there so I stopped everything and got up and started getting dressed and got out of there as quick as I could.   Disaster!


Floor: #14
Post Time: 8th October 2015, 10:22 PM
Poster ID: shtumper
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks for taking a shit one for the team buddy.  Massage punting can be a bit like Russian Roulette.  At least you have a good story you can tell your grandchildren!


Floor: #15
Post Time: 9th October 2015, 10:56 AM
Poster ID: punt road
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by shtumper


Thanks for taking a shit one for the team buddy.  Massage punting can be a bit like Russian Roulette.  At least you have a good story you can tell your grandchildren
"""



Yes, you win some & lose some..all part of the punting game.
There was certainly no "Glamour" in the "YaYa" experience that day thats for sure!


Thread Title: Ya Ya Glamour Massage Centre - Moonee Ponds - 0455 776 699
Floor: #16
Post Time: 18th October 2015, 07:13 PM
Poster ID: drillr
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lily

Establishment : Ya Ya Glamour Massage Centre

Date of Visit : 10/10/2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 116 Maribyrnong Road, Ascot Vale (near Union St)  0455 776 699

Hours of Business : 10am - 10 pm

Rates : 30 min nude R&T $70 + $30 FS

Age : 28-30

Size/shape : 8 B cup

Nationality or Ethnicity : Vietnamese

Services Provided : FS

Value for money/recommend? : Good value if you can handle the walk of shame bit. 

My experience/comments : So it was another Saturday afternoon and I needed someone to scratch my itch.  Ummed and aard about one of the local places, so thought I'd brave it and try Samui Samui in Williamstown again and after proceeding with the walk of shame I found the front door locked, so not wanting to hang around on the busy footpath waiting for the door to be opened I bolted for cover and thought where to now?.  I had been to this place in Ascot Vale once before I was a member on here and had a good time, so why not give it a go.  Seems the girls at Samui Samui also rotate through this place as well.  Parked down the road, and quickly walked up to the sliding door on Maribyrnong Road where you can get inside quickly and out of view to ring the main door buzzer in privacy.  

A young Vietnamese chap with not much English showed me in and asked how long I wanted to stay.  Said 30 min so he said go up the stairs into room 2.  Well the door was slightly ajar and it looked pretty dark in there, so in I went only to be greeted by the ML.  She rushed me with open arms saying the usual 'Hello darling' cuddling and feeling my man bits, so there was no doubt it was on here for sure.  I think Lily must have been asleep in the room but she certainly came to life in a rush.  A slim girl with longish hair and B+ cups.  Paid her the $100 for FS and once I had stripped she was up against me beside the bed already trying to jump on me.  Then she lays on the table and beckons me to lay beside her for some cuddles and DFK.

Forget about the massage we were into it!  Some dry grinding and then she slips down onto her feet for some BBBJ action which was nice while I played with her tits, pussy and ass.  Next minute she has jumped up and is laying in top of me and the uncovered drill bit has already entered her wet well. . .No, no, no I said, need condom and so there was a pause in proceedings whilst this was fitted to my drilling rod.  From then on I started to worry a bit about the consequences of using an uncapped drilling rod in a Vietnamese well, because I have read of the stories about how many Vietnamese men insist on unprotected sex with their WL's, I couldn't get it out of my mind.  I would have been keen on some DATY which for sure was available but not after that as I could not be sure she looked after her health.  

So I had a good fuck just the same and Lily was certainly a good fucker but for me the day had been slightly spoilt.  Lily finished me off with a good massage and a kiss goodbye but I really don't think I will be back to this place any more, despite it being such good value.  Lily's English skills are pretty poor and all you really hear from her when you say that what she did was nice is, "Lily Number 1" and I must have heard that phrase 5 or 6 times.  When you leave you are straight onto the main street, just outside a tram stop and all the cars waiting for the traffic lights etc, not to mention the coffee shops opposite.  With no rear entrance available I need to find somewhere more discreet that still offers good value like this.  Any suggestions guys?


Floor: #17
Post Time: 19th October 2015, 01:33 PM
Poster ID: gugugaga_tababa
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
there's actually a rear exit if you ask the guy


Floor: #18
Post Time: 16th March 2016, 02:44 PM
Poster ID: Air Travel
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jody
Establishment : Ya Ya Glamour Massage 
Date of Visit : 8th March 2016 
Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 116 Maribyrnong Rd Moonee Ponds 
Hours of Business : 10 - 10? 
Rates : $150/hr including extras 
Age : mid - late 20's 
Size/shape : petite with man made C or D's 
Nationality or Ethnicity : Vietnamese 
Services Provided : Massage and HJ, DATY, CBJ and FS 
Value for money/recommend? : Yes 
My experience/comments : I had Jody's number since I met her at Natural Massage in Brunswick.  She doesn't work there anymore, but does work here on a Tuesday.

Since my last time with her I had been wanting to push the boundaries and see if FS was on offer with her.  I co-ordinated a visit with her directly, and therefore when I turned up, was shown straight to the room and Jody.

As I was stripping I paid $100 for a previous level of service (HJ and DATY) and Jody left with to get ready.  She returned just before I was ready to lay down and asked me to swish some mouth wash and spit into a bag.  No problem, but since I was naked, I quickly stripped her and put her on the table.  No point wasting time on a massage when ready all I wanted to do was go to town on this girl.  Jody is petite, but also she stands about 5' with shoes on and had the smoothest, tightest arse I have come across.

No sooner had Jody's head hit the pillow than I was face deep in kitty.  Soon enough the noises started and she was squirming on the table.  Jody is a little different from most girls.  She tells you what she wants, and therefore she was giving me some guidance on tongue pressure and speed that suited her.  I don't mine that, especially since I like the girls to enjoy as much as I will later.  She does however like a rough hand on her boobs, and where I might have suspected naturals last time, this time I was able to get a closer inspection and establish that they are man made.  However very fine examples and a thumbs up to the surgeon for his work. 

After 20 mins or so, she suggested a change and that is when I suggested FS.  She at first said no, but when I said I had a condom, she was happy with another $50 for the experience.  I dommed up, and it was my turn to lie down as she started on a nice CBJ.  However when I asked her to take a seat on it, she was careful not to lower herself too fast.  I was soon to find out why.  Jody made some remark as to the size, however I thought it was standard AM behavior, but when I pushed in, Jody bounced of the ceiling.  In fact she was a little sore and it took some time before she would let me back in.  Now I am no Johnny Holmes, so I am going to suggest that it was Jody that was a little small in this part of the equation.   

Anyhow, after a little while we got into a pattern and started to enjoy the act.  Positions made were cowgirl, mish, and doggy, before I rolled her over again and finished spraying over her body.

Shower was available, but time dictated a pass on this occasion.

All in all, good time had by me, and Jody I think.  WIR: Yes, if only to feel that smooth arse.


