Thread Title: Za Za  - 3 Edwards St, Reservoir - 0430 528 866
Floor: #1
Post Time: 28th March 2017, 02:22 PM
Poster ID: Toad
Post Title: 
 Za Za  - 3 Edwards St, Reservoir - 0430 528 866
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Za Za

Establishment : No name at 3 Edwardes St Reservoir

Date of Visit : 27 March 17

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0430528866

Hours of Business : 11 to 10

Rates : $30/20, $50/30, $60/45, $70/60

Age : Early 20s

Size/shape : 8 to 10, tall, slim, a to b cup

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Massage, HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

So after being mucked around by Lucy in Bundoora, Toad went back to the search and selected this shop.  Easy to find in main shopping district.  Greeted by middle aged semi MILF mamasan, and shown to the room with Za Za, who wore a tight little short blue dress and matching boy shorts.  Punted on an hour and see what happens.  Actually a very good dry massage for about 45 minutes - she seemed to have radar for the nasty spots.  Mostly kept away from stray hands during the rub, but then relaxed toward the end.  Then the touch changed - a little more tender and very much focused around the lower glutes and inner thighs.  Spread the legs for access and lo - hand was cupping Toad's crown jewels.  Raising the bum gave better access and moments later Toad's Tool was being happily stroked.

Flipped fro negotiation and selected clothed HJ for $40 rather than the nude version for $50, mainly because there was no additional service offered.  Moved into the tug phase with a little horseplay that included popping a nipple out for a lick - tiny titties taste terrific - and the boy shorts down to her knees.  Who needs nude when you can access the fun bits clothed.  And while she performed one of the best tugs of many years, Toad's fingers found a moist little clit buried in the closely cropped forest.

Post climax saw some more massage to run out the hour, some wet-ones for a wipe, and a timely wrap.

After that - spent some quiet time with mamasan while she gave me a passable haircut - included in the price of the massage.  Good idea!


Floor: #2
Post Time: 2nd July 2017, 09:16 PM
Poster ID: Frontloader
Post Title: 
 Relaxation Massage - 3 Edwardes St, Reservoir, vic. - 0430 528 866
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Wendy

Establishment : Relaxation Massage - 3 Edwardes St, Reservoir, vic. - 0430 528 866

Date of Visit : June 2017. Weekend

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0430 528 866. http://melbourne.locanto.com.au/ID_1...-for-free.html

Hours of Business : 10am - 10pm

Rates : $70 per hour plus extras ($50)

Age : late 40's

Size/shape : size 10 tanned skin, little bit of a tummy, C cuppers (possibly enhanced). She looks great with her clothes on the floor, next to mine - 
 The 3rd pic in the link is Wendy wih a nit of photoshopping, me thinks.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Taiwanese

Services Provided : massage, nude HJ, DATY

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : Thanks to Pancho's intel I ventured out to Reservoir. Was met by the Wendy who I think runs this shop as she seemed to be organising the other girl there. Into the first room which contained some waxing gear and a huge mirror. Well, I for one don't mind a bit of reflective voyeurism. This was my second visit here in the same week so I had spoken with Wendy previously, which apeared to work in my favour. Paid the $70, Wendy exits, I change, Wendy re-enters. Infact I wouldn't mind a bit of re-entering Wendy myself . Well Wendy is late 40's but like mainy of her Asian franternity she could pass for late 30's. I wish I had skin and a complection like that. Alas my heritage leaves me a pastey white colour. 

I'm on the table and a bit of chit chat ensures, infact it was more like playful banter. She begins a strong massage using her elbows, palms, knuckles and fingers. This was mosltly a dry massage with the occassional use of baby power. At about the half way mark Wendy begins to concentrate more on the crack, sack and perineum. Well I bar up and Wendy reaches under my side and begins a slow pumping as I pump back in rhythm. I go for the flip and ask if she can nude. She nods and says $50. Off her clothes come and she starts a routine HJ with oil as I'm playing and sucking on her boobs, which I must say are very well formed. I think they are enhanced but if they are it's a very good job. 

Part way through this I am playing on the outside of her pussy so I ask if she wants to get onto the table. Affirmative. Onto the table and I beigin a "man massage" 10 sec shoulder work, 50 sec boob massage, 10 sec tummy massage and 4-5 minute pussy masssage. By this time I'm at the end of the table and move in for some DATY. No push back so I make the most of it. Add 5 minutes. 

.............. Not sure if she cums, she might have but then again I'm paying and I'm running out of time. We change positions with Wendy standing, oils me up and she goes for it. If I wasn't mistaken she had the batton in her handand and she was going for gold in the 100 metre medley. Alas for ger I came first. Thank goodness she didn't drop the batton on the line.

I will return with the hope they have some younger ML's.


