Thread Title: 26 Hocking St, Coburg - 03 9350 7544
Floor: #1
Post Time: 26th December 2011, 10:25 PM
Poster ID: Victor60
Post Title: 
 26 Hocking St, Coburg - 03 9350 7544
				
Post Content: 
I dropped into 26 Hocking St unannounced to check out some new blood, mid arvo on Friday. There were only four ladies on and Lisa the slim, small breasted Philippino with long hair took my fancy. Lisa confirmed that kissing was part of her service so I booked her for half an hour ($110)

I got out of the shower to find a naked Lisa lying face down on the bed with her chin resting on her hand waiting for me. Onto the bed and started with some slow gentle kissing which progressed to DFK, very nice. After a while Lisa started kissing and teasing my nipples before moving down to put on the cover and give a very enjoyable BJ. I manoeuvred Lisa into side by side 69 and after a while in 69 with me on top. Forgot to mention I had partaken of her breasts before the 69 which she seemed to enjoy.

The sex was very nice being with mish and then doggy, not being able to finish the deed Lisa removed the dom and got me over the line by hand as the buzzer went. Ahhh.............................
All in all a good fun time with a very pleasant lady.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 12th July 2013, 03:06 AM
Poster ID: Tappertit
Post Title: 
 Alice - 26 Hocking
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Alice 

Establishment : 26 Hocking St Coburg 

Date of Visit : early July 2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 03 9350 7544

Hours of Business : 10.30am til late 

Rates : $195
Age : 23

Size/shape : Curvy

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai
Services Provided : Sex/massage

Value for money/recommend? : No

At 26 I met a group of asian women in the lineup. My instincts were to go with the first  one, but instead I took Alice. Visiting from Sydney, this Thai woman  strode into the intro looking better than she did in the room.

So in we went and I had a shower. Well, i waited around for ages until  the shower got anywhere close to warm, by which time she had returned to  the room. I should start by saying my tolerance levels were somewhat  high tonight because of how horny I was prior to going there.

Anyway, massage or sparks. That was the offer. I decided to skip the  massage (typically just a way of running down the top) and straight down  to business. I went to touch her breasts and she moved away. She  grabbed a condom when I was still soft and decided that was my size.  Needless to say once I got it up it was uncomfortably tight. She then  started with a really rough, almost biting, blowjob so I said let's just  fool about. I wanted to suck on those big nipples and get some kissing  happening. No kissing! And she kept moving away if I'd gently rub her  breasts.

Ok then, sex. She climbed on top and started to ride but quickly  complained because she was getting tired. She said it was because I was  too big, then before the ego had a chance to kick in, she said held her  hands beside her to indicate she meant weight-wise. And that was the  first of a number of times her bitchy tone came out.

So Alice lay down and I went on the bed and I got on top for most of the  time. She again started to complain that she was tired, all the while  holding her elbow across her face so I wouldn't get any ideas about  kissing her. She then started to scratch. A little at first then all  over. She said taking too long makes her itch. And scratched all over.

Then she got into doggy for a bit and I couldn't keep it hard. She'd  pretty much killed the mood despite me walking around horny as hell. So I  got her to finish me off by hand (which ended up being mostly my doing,  with her finishing off at that way too fast rate they do just to get  you to come. Alice went back to scratching herself all over.

So about 25 minutes into an hour booking I was done. Pretty much a dud root.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 12th July 2013, 06:05 AM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hi Lesiye,

Is the address correct ?

fartichoke


Floor: #4
Post Time: 12th July 2013, 10:17 AM
Poster ID: punt road
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Yes, but it's North Coburg


Floor: #5
Post Time: 14th October 2014, 02:30 PM
Poster ID: LeMans
Post Title: 
 26 Hocking St, Coburg North - 03 9350 7544
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Paula


Establishment : 28 hocking St, Coburg North


Date of Visit : 9/10/2014


Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 03 9350 7544 , 26 Hocking St, Coburg North


Hours of Business : 10am till late


Rates : $115 half-hour


Age : 40+


Size/shape : C cup, short with curves, not fat


Nationality or Ethnicity : Caucasian / Euro 


Services Provided : FS, DATY, CBJ


Value for money/recommend? : Meh. Price is low here. 


My experience/comments :


Was working in the area so though I'd pop in here for a look-see. I'd had an intro here a few years back but wasn't a fan with what was on offer and hadn't been back since then.


Today there was a couple of asians, and african girl called Spicy and a couple of older Aussie ladies. I got the best vibe from Paula, an older Caucasian woman who is was short, relatively slim, short mousey blonde hair and looked great for her age. As I hadn't tried a MILF type for a while I decided to pick her.


The rooms in the this place are fairly modern and clean. Looks like a reno took place here within the last 5 years at a guess which is good so don't be fooled by the exterior. 


In the rooms I take a shower and then Paula returns. We make some small talk but the age difference kind of show a bit and I found it a bit hard to connect with her. I initiate the intimacies by pullying her closer to me sitting at the edge of the bed and taking her nipples in my mouth. She seems to enjoy this. Next we move onto the bed where she performs a faux BBBJ (that is liking around the shaft) before applying the dom and giving a pretty good CBJ. This included ball licking which I enjoyed quite a bit. 


Once she is done I get her to lie back and commence DATY. She is quite responsive to this and let me know what she likes. After a while she cums so we begin fucking in mish. She asks me to keep going so I do for quite a while and I am nearly at the point of exhaustion when I come as well. 


Otherwall I got what I came for though I probably won't return. Also forgot to mention I asked about kissing in the intro which she indicated she was happy to provide but come the session it was clear that she was quite uncomfortable with it.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 15th October 2014, 08:41 AM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hi  lemonjunkie.

If the date of this review is correct, it's about 3 years old !

Such old experiences are unlikely to be helpful to members and do NOT count as reviews.

Please do not continue to post such experiences.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 15th October 2014, 04:00 PM
Poster ID: LeMans
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Again, I messed it up. This was last Thursday. 9/10/2014

You'll notice the date is unchanged from the template here.


Floor: #8
Post Time: 15th October 2014, 04:12 PM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by lemonjunkie


 .... You'll notice the date is unchanged from the template here
"""



All the more reason to never copy another review.

The recommended way, to avoid such messups, is 

1 Get the template ===> (pull down the Templates chooser box on the Right Hand side of the row of icons above the text box in 'Quick Reply')

2 Copy it to a Notepad or similar

3 Edit it until you think it's Ok

4 Chill - do something completely different, then sleep on it

5 Come back and read it with the cold eye of a morning after, and ask yourself

=> Are there thinko's

=> Are there typos

=> Have I given stuff away

=> Is this what I want to say

=> Does it make sense

6 Revise

7 Reply.


Floor: #9
Post Time: 28th October 2014, 08:52 PM
Poster ID: 99problems
Post Title: 
 26 hocking st Natalie
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Natalie


Establishment : 26 hocking 



Date of Visit : September 2014



Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 26 hocking st north coburg



Hours of Business : 10am till 2am



Rates : 115 30 mins



Age : 25 - 30



Size/shape : Curvy with c cup natural titties



Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai



Services Provided : Full service



Value for money/recommend? : 10 out of 10 GFE



My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)To start with Natalie is long time favourite of mine at 26 hocking. She really gets into the booking and does a very good GFE with light kissing and very sensual service. I first stayed with Natalie about 12 months ago and she sometimes takes a few weeks off but she always comes back to work at 26 hocking sooner or later. My fave position with Natalie is cow girl and she seems to genuinely enjoy sex with lots of moaning that doesn't come across that she is faking it. Also she is a HJ expert as she used to work at kings court in Sydney. Natalie speaks good English and is great at talking dirty while she rubs one out for u. For those who have not seen Natalie she is a short curvy lady with dark olive skin and has a lion cub tattoo on her hip and she has natural C cup breasts . overall I give Natalie 10 out of 10 for her service and looks and I give 26 hocking st 10 out of 10 for rooms as they are well maintained. Also Nit the thai mamasan is a nice and friendly lady


Floor: #10
Post Time: 26th February 2015, 11:27 PM
Poster ID: c4dams
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Anna

Establishment : 26 Hocking St Coburg 

Date of Visit : Weekday FEB 2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 03 9350 7544

Hours of Business : 10.30am til late 

Rates : 20min $90, 30min $115
Age : late 20s

Size/shape : Curvy

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai
Services Provided : sex, cbj, daty

Value for money/recommend? : Maybe - but will get old if there is only 1 good looking girl in the line up every time.

Went in for a visit, ample parking in a discrete trade district location. Ushered into a private seating area, and along came in a huge line up of 12 women (majority are hags I wouldn't shag even if I was paid). I chose the only reasonable one: Anna. 
She was a younger Thai girl with a slender body and size A/B breasts. I would rate her 7/10 in terms of looks.
Post-shower, she climbed on the bed between my legs and started giving me a CBJ. The experience wasn't that great, lack of suction, wetness and weird flicking of her tongue. 
I was glad the CBJ was over, as she climbed on top in cow girl. We then went on through missionary doggie and then her sitting on my face jerking me off.
I think i lasted the whole 30 minutes and when I finally came, i felt my body quiver uncontrollably.
The only thing left to be desired was a better BJ.


Floor: #11
Post Time: 31st January 2017, 09:22 AM
Poster ID: Small Bane
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Alice

Establishment : 26 Hocking St Coburg

Date of Visit : Jan 19 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 26 Hocking ? Coburg 



Hours of Business : 10 am  - 2am

Rates : $115/30mins

Age : Late 20s

Size/shape : Curvy

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai/Malay mix

Services Provided : HJ, CBJ. FS

Value for money/recommend? : Not Really/No

My experience/comments : 

Some times you can just kick yourself for not reading all of the reports for an establishment & not just the more recent ones.

Was going to be in the area so I decided to drop in on 26 Hocking no to be confused with Hocking Ladies a few doors down.

Very discreet building with rear parking and obviously a ware house in a previous life. 4 mid 20s ladies in line up a boganesque bottle blonde Aussie who will need to see Jenny Craig before long, 2 Asians who didn’t seem too enthusiastic & Alice who was a bit more lively, and fairly well stacked up top.

Into the extremely large room & long walk in shower – be careful you don’t slip in here!! Alice returned promptly after I started showering & grabbed my vitals while I was still drying myself.

Onto the bed & a bit of small talk – she has a Malay Father & Thai Mother, neatly trimmed puss, decent boobs & speaks pretty good English, but remained silent for most of the session.

It was pretty routine stuff boobs rub on the back, play with tackle cbj & a quick mish. No play with boobs – probably her best asset. Very stand offish.

Can’t recommend. If you go here be prepared to walk with badly reviewed or unknown quantities. Stick to the well reviewed ones & only go for 20 minutes if it is your first time with someone unknown


