Thread Title: Heidelberg Angels - 2 Vernon Ave, Heidelberg Heights - 03 9457 5999
Floor: #1
Post Time: 6th September 2011, 02:28 PM
Poster ID: PhoenixOfCamelot
Post Title: 
 Heidelberg Angels - 2 Vernon Ave, Heidelberg Heights - 03 9457 5999
				
Post Content: 
Camelot Lounge has only been open for a couple of months which is probably why there wasn't already a thread for it.

It is a beautiful, brand new establishment with multiple levels and I really love working there! Every so often they hold a variety of live shows on the stage in the lounge and when the weather warms up they will be opening the rooftop jacuzzi area which can be enjoyed by the lovely W/Ls and the clients.

It would be good to see what some of the punters think of it - Get some reviews happening boys!

xx Phoenix


Floor: #2
Post Time: 6th September 2011, 03:44 PM
Poster ID: andrewblake
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Welcome to AUXR Miss Phoenix,

Glad you have found us and written a small spiel and intro about yourself and Camelot..

Hope you enjoy your stay here and I am sure there will be many a forum member whom will visit and see you! 

Any problems or questions please let us know..

Regards.

AndrewBlake


figment of my imagination and mind


Floor: #3
Post Time: 6th September 2011, 03:48 PM
Poster ID: PhoenixOfCamelot
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thank Andrew!
I am super excited to be here and I am really looking forward to seeing what everyone thinks of Camelot.

xx Phoenix


Floor: #4
Post Time: 29th March 2012, 05:38 PM
Poster ID: Pacificbrown
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
What's with the missleading adds on Locanto?
Typically advertising as a private person ( there are many numerous adds)
and upon reply email the address is given as Vernon Ave.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 29th March 2012, 06:31 PM
Poster ID: Pacificbrown
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Recent add in Locanto

calling all guys who like *cute butts* - 29
I have a very curvy and sexi butt - (me - 29yr old female,size 12 australian)that likes to be worshipped..
email for available times 

replied via email and comes back with Vernon address


Floor: #6
Post Time: 26th August 2012, 02:33 PM
Poster ID: DiscoWes
Post Title: 
 Camelot Lounge Reopening Extravaganza 25/08/12
				
Post Content: 
Attempted to add this to the Camelot thread. Was told I didn't have permission to do it. Clicked on the FREE Bronze Membership and was again told no permission to post so am posting this here. Appears I need a credit card to contribute? If this post is not appropriate or not needed by the forum feel free to delete. 

I happened to be in attendance at the re-launch last night. As I was there early the night seemed  to start of a bit slow but improved quickly once the strip shows started.

Anybody who knows me reasonably well knows I have spent many a night in a King Street Venue and the main stage shows were on par with any found in these venues. In the time there I think we saw close to half a dozen feature shows and all the girls were hot and engaged the audience well.

Whilst all this was happening we had an array of ladies (I would say a dozen or so and not long before leaving was assured there were plenty more on the way) working the floor and making their acquaintance with all the Punters, there were a couple of stand outs but as I am suffering from mild case of the flu a booking was out of the question sadly even though a couple of girls were very tempting.

As Rodney mentioned we had some topless waitresses serving us gourmet snags from the barbie. Insert sausage sexual innuendos here. Spoke to a few of the reception staff, Ivy who I have met before, Annie and Tracey. All 3 were polite and friendly and were making sure we had a nice time.

It was very apparent to me that a lot of hard work had gone into the night to make it a success. Considering I got approx 4 hours of entertainment and could have stayed for a couple more (the flu won out in the end and I had to go home early) the ticket price was great value. Would have been around 30-40 punters in and out during the time I was there and still plenty happening when I left.

A couple of highlights. Got to meet the infamous Yana the Russian as spoken about earlier in this thread. Incredibly bubbly and I think she loved the strip shows more than the punters. If you like a girl who makes you piss yourself laughing you will love Yana. She is pretty easy on the eye as well which helps. Also there was a tall redhead stripper named Bridget who was incredibly entertaining. Dont you hate it when your glasses get fogged up when you have a couple of boobs smashing against you cheeks??? ROFL

Also for lovers of the exotic look, there was a girl of Indian heritage named Chelsea, was her first night at Camelot. Very attractive and perhaps worth a followup.

A+ for effort to Camelot on the night. I had fun.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 26th August 2012, 02:59 PM
Poster ID: Xmin
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
pm sent to Discowes explaining situation





			
				Attempted to add this to the Camelot thread. Was told I didn't have permission to do it. Clicked on the FREE Bronze Membership and was again told no permission to post so am posting this here. Appears I need a credit card to contribute? If this post is not appropriate or not needed by the forum feel free to delete.


Floor: #8
Post Time: 1st June 2019, 02:56 PM
Poster ID: HKS
Post Title: 
 Ebony - Heidelberg Angels - May 2019
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Ebon

 Establishment :

 Date of Visit : May 2019

 Contact Details/Address/Weblink :9457 5999

 Phone :9457 5999

 Hours of Business : Random 

Rates : $125 1 hr

Age : Early 20s

Size/shape : Small frame average height curvy ass small breast

Nationality or Ethnicity : Sudanese

Services Provided : Standard

Value for money/recommend? : No

My experience/comments : 

Went to give this place a try since they re-opened, two african girls came in to intro room together claiming they were sisters, I opted for Ebony as she had the better body and was her first day supposedly...So went in to the room waited about 10 mins for her to get in. I actually had to call reception to say hey what the hell is going on. She comes in has a shower on our time, request $50 extra for kissing... big no no. She turns from a shy girl in to some hustler talking all street, massive turn off.She gave me head and it was okay, tried a few different positions her on top, me on top and doggy, she didnt have much energy through it all and was a bit boring, I really enjoyed the view of her curvy ass from doggy however.Maybe about 15 mins in to the session we get a knock on the door and its her friend saying times up I recognised the voice because I knew it wasnt the receptionist with cause she had a thick asian accent. Immediatly i was like what the hell? no way its up then she shooed off her friend. Couldn't really get in to the session after that as I the whole experience was a turn off for me. Maybe about 5-10 mins later phone rings she answers, was most likely her friend again. Gets off me and says times up, I say I'm about to cum give me another minute shes like no sorry, then request more money from me. I was like forget that had my shower and bounced.Overall terrible experience left a sour taste in my mouth.


Floor: #9
Post Time: 16th April 2020, 02:45 PM
Poster ID: Jersybull
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
https://www.theage.com.au/national/v...15-p54k7v.html
I have never been to this place in Heidelberg West, and if this is the sort of shit they dish up, never will.


