Thread Title: Hocking Ladies - 20 Hocking St, Coburg Nth - 9943 0252
Floor: #1
Post Time: 14th May 2019, 09:49 AM
Poster ID: Mick Shager
Post Title: 
 Hocking Ladies - 20 Hocking St, Coburg Nth - 9943 0252
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : ivy

Establishment : Hocking Ladies

Date of Visit : May2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Home | Hocking Ladies

Phone :9943 0252

Hours of Business : 10am-3am

Rates : Monday special $85/20mins $99/30 minutes Normal $120/30,$180/45,$220/60

Age : mid 20’s

Size/shape : tall and slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : African

Services Provided : Daty, FS

Value for money/recommend? : yes

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

yesterday I had the absolute pleasure of meeting Ivy at Hocking Ladies. Ivy, IMO is a stunning slim African girl with a lovely engaging personality.I was my first time at Hocking Girls and was there for the Monday $99 for 30 minute special.
I picked Ivy and she escorted me to the room and asked me to shower saying she would be back in a minute.
The shower was in good working order which was nice for a change . ivy returned promptly and stood in front of me and slowly dropped her slip dress revealing a slim model figure with pierced naval and both nipples pierced.
She chats away happily and makes you feel immediately at him as we come together. I tried to kiss her but she politely says she doesn’t kiss which wasn’t a problem and I took her small shapely breast in my mother. Very quickly I found that she enjoys this attention but after a short time we moved to the bed where I asked her if she enjoyed oral to which she said “Only if you are good at it” so straight away I bought my A game to the table.
Oral was an absolute delight. She made all the right noises without going over the top. I could feel her getting very wet as I moved from her pussy to her arse and back again giving me total access and it was only after I stopped did she offer a CBJ on me.
This got me to full strength but it was the main course I was after so I cut her short and went straight to missionary although she did seem flexible to alternate positions.
Looking into the eyes of this absolute goddess and at my age, I did last to long but it was a very enjoyable session and one that I hope to repeat.
We has a nice chat after and she handed me a dry towel for another shower. She also showered in the room a after me.
Highly recommended 

Mods. Could I ask you to please edit my font to size as I couldn’t on my iPad


