Thread Title: JAIDEE THAI MASSAGE - Roxburgh Park (03) 8313 0578
Floor: #1
Post Time: 11th December 2017, 10:55 AM
Poster ID: johnnydtf
Post Title: 
 JAIDEE THAI MASSAGE - Roxburgh Park (03) 8313 0578
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name :  Nancy

Establishment : Jaidee Thai Massage

Date of Visit : Nov 17

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 83130578

Hours of Business : 10am - 9pm

Rates : $40 30 mins + $20

Age : late 30's early 40's

Size/shape : Slim c to d boobs

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian

Services Provided : Topless tug/massage

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : So i have seen this shop on the corner for a while now and have been meaning to give it a go but the place has a website on online reviews that make it seem legit which has made me put off visiting her but as it was i had a sore back so thought i would give it a chance and if i struck out so be it.

Walk in and am met by a gentleman who gets me to sit down on a coach at the back with a tv mentioning the girls are busy but won't be long. The place is a double story unit.
Anyways after about a 5 min wait i get ushered right into the first room downstairs near the front door.

As i walk in a see 2 mats on the floor and i scan the room for any tissues or signs that his is a rub and tug and nope, don't see any. Oh well so i undress and leave the undies on while i lay down.

In walks Nancy who is nothing great to look at but not bad. Shes a tiny thing and later find out she has a nice rack too.
She starts by putting oil on my back and then pulls my undies down and rubs my buttocks. I ask her if she would like me to remove my underwear to which she mentions it would be better for me if i do so off they went.

She starts a nice back rub and ends up sitting on my leg and i can feel the heat from her vag on me and it's turning me on.
She goes from the back to the legs with some suttle hints then asks me to turn over.

Now she is just looking at me and smiling and taking glances at my cock then smiling at me again all the while massaging my inner thighs making sure she hits my balls.
She smiles and whispers you like as she grabs my balls and cock and i say yes. She tells me to be quiet and whispers she will give me a hanfjob for $20 but we have to be quiet and kept shhhh me.

As she oils me up i ask if i can touch her boobs and she goes yes and just lifts her shirt up and takes her boobs out her bra. She has a nice set which feel great in my hands. I play with those as she plays with me and i erupt all over her arm lol.

Cleans me up, a quick hug tells me to come back and away i go.

Will i return? Sure, $60 for a topless tug is pretty cheap.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 16th December 2017, 03:01 PM
Poster ID: xs4all4me
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Gouki (Spelling?)

Establishment : Jaidee Thai Massage

Date of Visit : DEC 17

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : (03) 8313 0578, their FB page HERE.

Hours of Business : 10am - 9pm

Rates : $65 hr + Free boner

Age : Mid to late 20's

Size/shape : Big/Chubby/Dark skinned

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Massage

Value for money/recommend? : Yes for Massage only

My experience/comments :

Was on the area for shopping and noticed this place and thought I give it a try as I have lower back issues and with the amount of walking around for the xmas rush, I needed a good massage and plus any extras will be a bonus.
As with previous review, it's not a shop but a two story apartment turned into massage place, it's across the road from the shopping centre so plenty of parking.
Walked through the front door and walking to the back of the apartment and was greeted by a big/chubby dark skinned asian lady,  asked for 30 minutes, but ended up with an hour massage for $65, she then walked me up the stairs on the left of the front entrance and into the first room on the right. Bed is on the floor with fresh towels and room looks clean. Prior to going up, on the ground floor there is several rooms setup like this with mattresses on the floor.

Back to the room, the lady told me to strip and leave my undies on, at this point I was like ok, she must be the receptionist or something, but to my disappointment she was my massage lady, I thought to myself, well I hope the massage was good. To cut the long story short, the massage was a 10/10, she got into all the bits that was nagging me which was my lower and middle back, I like my massages hard and hard she did, very little oil was used and she uses her hands, elbows and knees. I got a boner from time to time when she was around the neither region, and that is all you will get from this lady, her english was ok and can strike a conversation, she works there Tuesday, Thursday and Fridays and other days she works somewhere in Glenroy. I didn't ask if anyone else was on that day, I went just after midday and I was the first customer. After the massage was done, it was a hot towel wipe down, put my clothes back on and walked down the stairs, that is when I saw the man, I suspect he is the boss, seems very nice and asked how it was, I said, it was the best massage I had in a while, left the apartment feeling relaxed and kinda sore, but a good sore after a hard massage.
She seems very nice person and genuine and since I didn't ask and she didn't offers anything, I don't think extras are on the menu with this lady, their might be if you ask? She is not a great looker and on the big side, unless you like these type, a tug might be good to release some tension if you haven't offloaded.

So for those who get this lady will most likely get a massage and a free boner, but it was a really great massage and I would go back just to see her for the massage only, but for a tug, I would see if I could get Nancy or another girl if there is any working.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 17th December 2017, 08:38 AM
Poster ID: johnnydtf
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Got the same lady you did on my second visit. She does not do extras and seemed annoyed and told me to come back tomorrow to see the other girl if i want that.


