Thread Title: My Alibi - 35A Northgate Dr, Thomastown - 03 9465 8899
Floor: #1
Post Time: 16th December 2010, 12:56 AM
Poster ID: brad18672
Post Title: 
 My Alibi - 35A Northgate Dr, Thomastown - 03 9465 8899
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: sabrina

Establishment (if applicable): sin city

Contact Details/Address:
 thomastown victoria
Hours of Business: (if known or applicable)

Prices: $115 half hour

Age: 27

Size/shape: larger lady - size 18 to 20

Nationality or Ethnicity: indonisian

Services:

Value for money/recommend?: yes

My experience/comments: hey guys, thanks to this site went out and check the local knock  shop in thomastown victoria, sin sity is the name of the place, average looking place located in a decked out factory with discrete parking.
been twice in the last 2 days  same chick every time - sabrina a 28 yr old indonisian, bit of a fatty size 18 to 20 but overal good experience as she sucked the cock without a condon which is why i returned the next day - worth a look
cheers
 brad


Floor: #2
Post Time: 18th January 2013, 12:02 AM
Poster ID: theProf
Post Title: 
 My Alibi – Jan 2013 – LisaBedazzled by a smile
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lisa

Establishment : My Alibi

Date of Visit : Jan 2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :   35a Northgate Drive Thomastown Vic 3074
 (03) 9465 8899
Adult Services | Best Melbourne brothels | Prostitutes Melbourne 

Hours of Business : 11 am till late

Rates : 200 ph

Age : mid 30's she told me

Size/shape : Petite and curve size 6

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : BJ, light Kissing, sex in various positions

Value for money/recommend? :  Yes

My experience/comments : 
After the cool change came to Melbourne it was time for the theprof to go out and find another body to keep him warm.
I arrive at My Alibi at about 01:00 am Friday night (or Saturday morning for the pedantic) the place is jumping people coming and going everywhere.
I catch the mamasan eye and I'm ushered into one of the rooms for the introductions first off in comes Lisa in a figure hugging barely there fuck me black dress but what really  struck me was her electric smile it was dazing so much so I was sold the minute she walked in the room. Three other ladies intro none of these really grabbed me like Lisa. Then it all goes quite I'm starting to wonder if they've forgoten about me. Then in comes a another WL not for an intro but to move out of the room so she can use it.

After being moved out into the TV room and asking Lisa back to ask more questions - actual I'd already decided I just wanted to see more of that dress and her figure.
When Lisa came out again and little prof confirmed we must get to know this lady better.

After a short wait I'm taken by Lisa to the room I'd just left which I was happy about as it had a very large wall mirror. Lisa starts the shower for me and starts to turn down the lights I protest at this and she turns them back up I tell I want to able to admire her body.

Lisa returns shortly after I hop out of the shower. I start to admire her firm petite body and notice her nipples also seem please to see me. Lisa gives me a warm hug as we start to explore each others bodies we share so light kisses little prof enjoys the attention and its not long before Lisa invites me to the bed.
So its on to the bed for some very nice CBJ - she was very good. Almost as good as some BBBJ or maybe I was just horny but she kept me on the edge it was wonderful.

She moves around so I can play with her pussy as I slide my finger into her pussy I notice how tight she feels. Lisa decides it's time mount me cow girl.
She positions herself above me and slowly slides little prof in so I get the full sensation of entering her. I look into her face and she smiles with that electric smile of hers all the time make sure I'm enjoying myself. She is very skilled we move from CG to dogie she makes those noises in dogie from dogie we move to mis, we then move back to Cow girl as she says it one her favorite position I nearly cum and ask her to change positions again so me after a bit we end up in the spooning position, I call the lazy position, she gives her pussy a good squeeze and starts to play with my balls and it all too much and I cum.

She cleans me and we sit and chatted for a bit, I think she connected with me a bit.
Time was soon up.

I had a lovely time the only downside is she wears perfume and I could still smell it on me when I got home fortunately my wife is away for a few days.
All services at this place are covered but she was still very good even so.

Lisa was an older Thai lady mid thirties but she smiled and laughed throughout the whole session, she has a very good firm body, sadly she has unrealistically firm fake boobs, they look good and enhance her overall figure but don't feel the best.
I keep choosing Thais at My Alibi I beginning to wonder if I have a thing for Thais as every time I have chosen this way I had a great time. Lisa also is Melbourne based and works most weekends at night.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 18th January 2013, 10:15 PM
Poster ID: theProf
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
For those that rember this place as "sin city" and other names it is now an asian place with the odd aussie lady. 
They have a sex show about every 1-2 months on a Saturday, none mentioned for Jan so I'd say arround feb/march might be the next one.
Note most if not all services at this place are now covered, never asked if BBBJ was on offer as an extra but certianly wasn't offered over sveral visits to this place.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 7th February 2013, 09:55 PM
Poster ID: theProf
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Well I did get to see Lisa again as I went to the Camelot lounge no ladies and was heading off to Romantics. Got a call the wife had come home unexpectedly so had to head home. Managed to get out again My Alibi was the only option went though the intro's and Lisa was in the line up so decision made.

Using the info supplied by others I discovered that she really does like DATY I had a very nice time finding this out, no extras charged.
Session this time was a little less frenetic she even did a slow Asian CG so I could have a good look at her pussy sliding up and down on little prof I finished by cuming on her tits she even did this well. We ran right up to the final buzzer.

She is rather proud of her body as she told me a story about how she was wandering down a beach walk in a short top no bra and short skirt and got several wolf whistles.
She was quite pleased with herself.

Quick takeaways
Firm body, lovely smile.
Older
Knows how to look after you.
Treat her right and you'll have a fun time.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 27th July 2013, 11:17 AM
Poster ID: jkeenan
Post Title: 
 My Alibi - Adele
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Adele

Establishment : My Alibi

Date of Visit : 23 July 2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : myalibi.com.au

Hours of Business : 10 AM to Late

Rates : $200 for the hour

Age : 25 - 30

Size/shape : 8- 10

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai 

Services Provided : Full Service

Value for money/recommend? : No/No

My experience/comments : My Alibi is quite close to my place and I have been to this joint many times. In the past have had some quality punts with Jessica and Sandy and some on off good punts with a Tall Thai lady (Tania) and I think Crystal.

However more recently this place has been more off a miss for me and out of last 4-5 punts, none have been really great or satisfying to me.

Based on the history of my punts, I decided to give this place one more chance. Went in, had a line up of about 7-8 wls. Choose Adele and booked for an hour.

Once in the room, it was time for a quick shower and Adele did return quickly. This is where it got a bit weird from, she just stood there for couple of minutes, very nervous and sort of had no idea on where to start and what to do first. I started off with a quick chat rather than getting straight into it and I noticed that she is feeling a bit more relaxed now.

She then proceeded to do the normal process which I have experienced in the Asian parlours, light kissing on the upper body, kissing on nipples and on goes the dom and half hearted BJ. She have BJ with a lot of saliva but it was not sexy at all but looked messy and sort of mood killer.

After that was over, she got on top of me and started with cowgirl. Saggy boobs, she did mention that will be getting bolt on soon. Sex in couple other positions before I came. Went again and came the second time as well.

After that she gave me a good message (highlight of the session) and out then buzzer went off. Quick shower and away I go.

WIR - No, and this may have been a last straw for me in regards to My Alibi but never know what the future may hold. Still searching for Jessica!!


Cheers


Floor: #6
Post Time: 2nd August 2013, 10:03 PM
Poster ID: theProf
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Went there about the date of this review and agree the quality has really gone off, one ladies was tired at the intro she had to hang onto the door just to stand up. So I left.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 4th April 2014, 05:34 PM
Poster ID: yaj33v
Post Title: 
 My Alibi - 35A Northgate Dr, Thomastown - 03 9465 8899
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Candy

Establishment : My Alibi

Date of Visit : 03/03/2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 35a Northgate Dr., Thomastown

Hours of Business : 10am till late

Rates : $200 an hour

Age : looked 25+ to me

Size/shape : C cup, slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : CBJ, FS, Light kissing

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments :

Went to My Alibi this arvo. about 8 intro's only few were attractive. Candy was one of them. Blonde with black highlights. Petite figure probably b cup boobs but looked firm ass (it was firm when I touched it, was like hard exercise ball but in a nice way). Booked for 45 minutes for $160.00

No kissing only gentle kisses around neck, arms, thighs, no daty on her but fingering was ok. When I was fingering her I found her tight puss and she was very sensitive with as I was going deep in her. 

We started with my dick being limp she put the dom on, but did not take before it got a bit better when she started RCG and after that I suggested her to go doggie. My cock was rock hard as I was in control now coz of tightness of her pussy. I pounded her good 30-40 nice forceful thrust before I came.

She cleaned me up quickly. I ask her did she came "She said she did". She asked me "Did you?" I said "Tissues are the evidence that I did came and so was the dom full of jizz 3 days worth of. She giggled.

She said "Do you want to fuck me again". I said "Of course" I do. She started again without much gap between the 1st round and 2nd round which was about to start.

Anyways "This is when I say - she did not gave up". sucked my nipples, rubbed my balls, sucked my penis, made it semi-hard and got in with CG this time facing me. Condom not being my thing so it went a bit soft again after few minutes. I said, "Turn over and let me do doggie to you" She obliged with happiness.

I thrusted this time around even more force and pumped with all I had, after few minutes of her moaning and me extering more and more on her tight pussy, I'm 100% sure she came and I expelled as well inside the dom for the last time. 

She said to me "You make me tired… as you fuck hard..." I could believe her this was real deal as she was quite wet. 

I am a hard fucker when it comes to fucking and I like to control the pace as well.

I gave her a little imitation thai massage, she said to me " You have a Thai girl friend who teach you this things". I said "No hun, I've got none".

Anyways, peck on the cheek and this is how it all ended. Nice time with Candy. 

I made joke with her "Do you play Candy Crush Candy?" She said "She does…." Good luck crushing with Candy punters. only thing is she was going back to Sydney that week, you need to call and see if she is there.


