Thread Title: Pickwood Lodge - 120-122 Lygon St, Brunswick East - 03 9380 1246
Floor: #1
Post Time: 12th April 2010, 02:39 PM
Poster ID: Friendly Voyager
Post Title: 
 Pickwood Lodge - 120-122 Lygon St, Brunswick East - 03 9380 1246
				
Post Content: 
Kasumi tells me she is the product of a French mother and a Japanese father, but she was born and brought in Melbourne and her accent and mannerisms reveal her as an Aussie girl through and through.

She is medium height with long brown hair, has lovely largish young breasts, and both her European and Japanese heritages are visible in her pretty round face and light brown eyes. She is curvy, sporting a bit of teenage puppy fat as many girls her age do, but she wears it well and it suites the spunky sex kitten sexuality that she successfully eludes. When I met her she was wearing some nice sexy black lingerie that revealed a fair bit of her lovely thighs and body. She greeted me with a deep and sensual kiss.

When she returned after my shower she immediately started kissing me, deeply and sensually. She took a few condoms out of the packets and left them on top of their packets, to save time later she told me. Quite a good idea as it turns out! We were soon on the bed, our hands exploring each other. Naked I was pleased to discover a variety of tatts in various parts of her body that suit her very well and added to the eroticism of our encounter. I went down on her for a bit, and as her first client for the evening I had the pleasure of enjoying the lovely natural womanly taste of a fresh wet pussy. I also encountered a clit ring, which made metallic sounds on my teeth as I sucked on it.

She started some oral, sensual, deep. Her deep-throat skills are very impressive, especially for a younger girl in the industry only a few weeks. I put some fingers inside her and explored her pussy as she went at it.

She went down and started licking my balls, sucking on them with her sweet young lips. She sucked my cock in a variety of positions, sitting and lying down and standing, then we went for some 69. The effect was enhanced by the full length mirror on the ceiling. We did 69 both ways, her on top, then me, then some more standing oral. Kasumi may be new to the industry, but despite her tender years it is very clear she is absolutely not new to sex!

At last it was time for the main course. We started in doggy and she insisted I fuck her hard. It was then that I discovered that Kasumi enjoys the pleasures of quite eloquent dirty talk, urging me to go at her harder and deeper in some very colloquial terms. I held her by her hair and slapped her arse as we went at it, which she seemed to enjoy.

We moved into various positions of missionary, first slower accompanied by sensuous kissing, then going at it hard and raunchy, her legs and body in various positions. Then there was cowgirl for a bit, during which she proved very energetic in a variety of variations, leaning forward and kissing me, then leaning sharply backwards to produce some nice visuals of my cock going in and out of her sweet shaved pussy. 

We moved through the different positions a few times as we fucked through the hour, stopping for the occasional break, some more oral and changes of condom. Kasumi says she likes the man to take control, and most of the booking she proved it. She enjoyed having me pull her body around into different positions to fuck her in. At her suggestion we fucked for a while on the floor, first in doggy then in missionary, pinning her down by her hands.

We chatted for a bit after we had finished. She told me of her hopes of getting into porn, of future services she may be offering.

We showered together, kissing as we did so, and I enjoyed the last opportunity to explore her body with my hands.

All in all, a lovely punt with a very sexy young girl who knows how to give a superb full-on and unconstrained service. New to the industry or not, Kasumi clearly loves her work and it shows, as she agreed when I put it to her.

"I was born for this industry," she informed me. 

I know tastes vary. But for gentlemen whose taste may include a spunky 18 year old girl who says she was born for the sex industry, kisses like a crackling live wire, provides great deep-throat oral and gorgeous sensuous balls licking as well as unconstrained and raunchy fucking in pretty well any way you want, (as well as a few things I have not mentioned) all combined with a very pleasant and encouraging manner and good conversation, you may consider paying her a visit.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 13th April 2010, 07:49 AM
Poster ID: sydneysouth
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Great review, but sadly no details on price, location or how to contact!


Floor: #3
Post Time: 13th April 2010, 08:52 AM
Poster ID: someone or other
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
We now have the location and phone number. Prices can probably be found here: http://www.pickwoodlodge.com.au/

Cheers,

s.o.o.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 13th April 2010, 01:08 PM
Poster ID: sydneysouth
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
She sounded so hot, and the review was such a good one that I had a feeling she would turn out be be a long way from downtown Sydney. Congrats friendly voyager on a good punt and a great review!


Floor: #5
Post Time: 27th May 2010, 10:29 PM
Poster ID: johnnie
Post Title: 
 Pickwood Lodge
				
Post Content: 
Establishment and/or person's Name: Pickwood Lodge/ Lilly

Contact Details/Address: 120 Lygon St, Brunswick

Prices: $150

Age: 26

Size/shape: 10

Nationality or Ethnicity: Caucasian

Services: CBJ, Sex, Massage

Value for money/recommend ? Good, standard

My experience: I went on a Tuesday night. There were 5 girls on and all were about 40 - 50 apart from Lilly. She was the obvious choice and had a goth look going on. Very affectionate and gave good head. She was patient with me and made me come hard. Worthwhile.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 16th August 2010, 05:05 PM
Poster ID: Linguista Astuto
Post Title: 
 Leah @ Pickwood Lodge
				
Post Content: 
Establishment and/or person's Name: Leah @ Pickwood Lodge

Contact Details/Address: 120 Lygon St Brunswick East VIC 3057 (03) 9912 6877

Hours of Business: (if known or applicable)

Prices: Not posted on their website but I paid $150 for 45 minutes with 2 girls midday during the week - full on bi-session with nothing left out

Age: Said she is 23

Size/shape: tall - not a BBW but not skinny either

Nationality or Ethnicity: Australian, Caucasian

Services: full service, bi sessions with other girls, toys, etc....

Value for money/recommend?: Highly recommend

My experience/comments:

Leah is tall with perky natural boobs and natural blonde hair. She's quite happy to do mutual oral and to probe for your secret spot. She also likes girls and I've had a couple of bi-sessions with her where she's told me to sit back and watch. Which I happily did for a little while!

Highly recommended.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 16th August 2010, 10:30 PM
Poster ID: jayc
Post Title: 
 More on Lea
				
Post Content: 
Just confirming what LA says.  I've been with Lea a few times - and a bi-session as well with her working friend. Sadly I live away from Melbourne and can't see her as often as I would like.
 Lea is very accommodating and friendly - great crazy sense of humour.  She goes right off on DATY and I was impressed with her seemingly endless orgasms........only wish I could keep up with them  :-)

She has a previous life as a model on the AbbyWinters website.

I did write a detailed review of her on another site but I guess I shouldn't repeat it here.
Definitely recommended.


Floor: #8
Post Time: 17th August 2010, 07:59 AM
Poster ID: Xmin
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by jayc


I did write a detailed review of her on another site but I guess I shouldn't repeat it here.
Definitely recommended
"""



as long as it doesn't get you in trouble over at that 'other' site, and the review is still current, feel free to post it here for the benefit of your fellow members.


Floor: #9
Post Time: 17th August 2010, 10:13 PM
Poster ID: jayc
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
OK -   as suugested above - here goes.......................

In 2009  I travelled all the way from northern NSW to spend a few hours with Lea. I wanted to meet her because she was a "real porn star" having made regular appearances on Aussie porn-site AbbyWinters. She made it known on another site that she was now a working girl and i tracked her down  that she was at HG at Sunshine.

I had a great time back then, and as it was about 12 months since I'd seen Lea it was time for another trip down south. Lea now works at Pickwood Lodge, which is maybe a more user-friendly establishment and so I rocked up one morning . PL doesn't make phone appointments and I had to wait 20 minutes or so for her, but hey no problem, just greater anticipation. 

She greeted me like a long lost friend, with a big hug. She has a gorgeous pretty face (look for her on Abby Winters) and a great curvy body, probably B-cups. A bonus for me is that she's kept her pussy hair - that's special, I love that, but you hardly ever see it these days - the hair was a nice brown-blonde colour, nicely trimmed so it was never in the way of anything.

We chatted about this and that for a while, and I started kissing her neck (she doesn't allow DFK ).....her boobs reacted nicely to some tonguing and very gentle biting, but I knew she was into DATY - having seen that on the websites, I thought I'd try that. Well she went right off - I tried all different tongue techniques, sucking and licking clockwise round the clit, then anti-clockwise , then "alphabet" style. She didn't seem to care what I did, and it didn't seem to matter all that much - I think she came twice in the space of a quarter hour or so.....obviously enjoys that heaps. She got very wet, pussy juice running down her thighs. 

Then it was time to fuck, we did doggie-style which she said was her favourite and then mish. But as often happens to me with a condom on and if the room was excessively hot -
why do they heat these places up so much ?? -I couldn't stay hard, so it was back to DATY for another climax for her. 

Lea told me she had a bi-twin and was I interested in a bi-double? Well yes I was - having travelled so far I might as well make most of it. We tried all different combinations - daisy-chains, sucking here, licking there, was all good - the time just flew by. I really love getting girls off, so I was in 7th heaven....in fact I was so busy getting the girls off , that I forgot about finishing myself ................and after what seemed like only an instant, the buzzer went and the 2 hours was over. 

That was a sudden end, but there was nothing I could do about it, because there was someone waiting for Lea - who'd already been waiting for ages apparently, so an extension of time wasn't on. Anyway I had a plane to catch. No problem - as I say I should have concentrated on myself more, but we live and learn. All good experience.
For me, it reinforced why I'd rather see girls privately, rather than sticking to brothel time limits.

Lea is great, really cheeky, happy personality, charming smile, and a body ripe for sucking and fucking. If I can travel 1800 km to see her, I'm sure there are heaps of local punters who could check her out. Plus she likes girls as well. 
Definitely recommended


Floor: #10
Post Time: 24th January 2011, 11:57 AM
Poster ID: wizzo
Post Title: 
 Pickwood Lodge - Lucy xx/12/2010
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Lucy

Establishment (if applicable): Pickwood Lodge

Contact Details/Address: 120 Lygon St, Brunswick

Hours of Business: (if known or applicable)

Prices: $115/30min

Age: mid 20's

Size/shape: sz10,short, tite/toned body

Nationality or Ethnicity: caucasian

Services: cbj, sex

Value for money/recommend?: average session

My experience/comments: Lucy is quite friendly & has a nice tite/toned body. It was therfore not surprising to discover she is training to be a PE instructor. Lucy has shoulder length dark hair, C-cup breasts, tite bum, landing strip pubes and a heart tatt over her left bum cheek. There was no kissing in the session and she did not appear to want daty. CBJ was followed by sex in the standard positions, followed by the removal of the dom for a hj cob finish. Overall a pleasant enough vanilla session.


Floor: #11
Post Time: 15th February 2011, 09:03 AM
Poster ID: ryancolt
Post Title: 
 pickwoodlodge
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name:Hannah

Establishment :Pickwoodlodge

Date of Visit:12 feb 2011

Contact Details/Address/Weblink:120 Lygon Street, East Brunswick, VIC  3057 

Hours of Business: 10am-5am

Rates:$120 1/2 hour

Age:26

Size/shape:Curvy, busty

Nationality or Ethnicity:caucasian

Services Provided:GFE,CBJ

Value for money/recommend?:very recommended

My experience/comments: You will never regret if you have been serve by this lovely lady. Good GFE, I gave her 5 stars. Start with CBJ,DATY on her(she love it), missionary, cowboy, reverse cowboy, doggy style(my all time favourite) before I take my condom out and cum all over her back. Then she gave me sensual massage untill the times end.


Floor: #12
Post Time: 25th February 2011, 01:21 AM
Poster ID: DiscoWes
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
THIS IS THE BORING PREAMBLE

It was Tuesday Night. Punting was the last thing on my mind. I was just skylarking on Twitter and noticed Pickwood Lodge tweeted a special. It was 2 ladies $150 for 30mins. That sounded pretty good. So I thought I would jump onto the Instant Chat feature the Pickwood Lodge website had to make further enquiries. This was after midnight. I established that they had 4 girls on, that the $150 included both the room and girls fee and when I asked if kissing and DATY was part of the standard service was told YMMV. Some girls include it others charge extra. They were also cheeky and suggested I came down and asked the girls myself.

NOW THE ENCOUNTER

So I jumped in the shower and took the 20min drive over to Pickwood (traffic is kinda light after 1am on a Wednesday morning). I met 3 of the girls in intro. The first indicated kissing and DATY was extra, as did the second. Then I met Rachael. She told me upfront Kissing and DATY was included in her service. Plus she was blonde and curvy, just the way I like em so I was sold and booked Rachael for 30 mins.

NOW THE FUN STUFF

Rachael asked me to hit the shower and that she would be back in 10 mins. Exactly 10 mins later (I admit it, I'm a clock watcher! LOL) she returned to the room. We began with some light kissing on the bed which turned into necking and eventually heavy petting. Rachael noticed I was starting to get aroused so grabbed a condom and suggested a BJ. I had a great view of this as the room had a mirror on the ceiling. Rachael asked me a couple of times if I wanted to do something else. I said "no I'm fine right here thanks".

Realising I must be starting to get through my half hour I suggested it might be DATY time. Rachel had a very tasty pussy and I think she enjoyed my work as she complimented me on my technique. After this I jumped on for some missionary and it didn't take me long and I was done. Just in time as the buzzer went soon after.

So to surmise, Rachel was a girl in her early 20's, blonde, curvy, and eager to please. Not super chatty but I really enjoyed my half hour with her.


Floor: #13
Post Time: 11th March 2011, 07:02 AM
Poster ID: drizzit45
Post Title: 
 Hannah
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name:Hannah

Establishment :Pickwood Lodge

Date of Visit:Feb 2011

Rates: About 130 for half an hour

Age:25 

Size/shapeocket size shapely

Nationality or Ethnicity:Aussie

Services Provided:GFE

Value for money/recommend?:Yes

Hi all this is my first real post hope I do ok

Went to Pickwood Lodge new years eve out of interest.All the ladies were very friendly and welcoming especially Hannah who I choose to spend my time with.Brief description wearing a police out fit with little handcuffs to hold stockings on with blonde hair little bit longer than shoulder length pocket sized curveous , really cute and easy going,great sized breasts d or dd not really good with sizes about 25 years old .Went up stairs had the health check and shower she stripped off and started slowly with great kissing not quiet DFK which continued throughout the time .Soon ending on the bed more kissing touching sucking each others nipples and to my surprise when fingering her she was already wet what a turn.Out came the condom for CBJ which felt great nice and firm almost blew my load in about a minute .Had a rest a little more kissing and touching and some more CBJ almost blew again had to stop and asked if Hannah would like the favour repayed .Response was you don't have to I did any way while giving daty and fingering her she came and said you may have some talent blush blush all I could say was thanks.Hannah laid down guide my cock opened her legs wide and had some deep penetrative sex which felt really good.After I came we both lay down had a great chat and laugh a great GFE and a non rushed service.


Floor: #14
Post Time: 30th November 2012, 05:14 PM
Poster ID: xbox
Post Title: 
 Long serving venue for a reason - Carlton VIC
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : I don't recall (Asian) does that make me a bad person??? 

Establishment : Pickwood Lodge (Pink building on Lygon Street)

Date of Visit : 29/11/12

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 120 Lygon Street Carlton

Hours of Business : 10am - 5am

Rates : Start at $79/20mins for a R&T and go up from there.  Full service available

Age : hight 20's

Size/shape : Fit, trim and hard bodied

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian - looked Thai

Services Provided : R&T

Value for money/recommend? : Yes..GOD YES

My experience/comments: After a 40degree day in Melbourne and all the skirts walking around,  I popped in to have a look only.  The girl at reception was welcoming and was happy to give a tour.  Impressive place and you can see why it has been around forever.  On the tour I saw a couple of the girls and one of them was 'tammy' (I don't know her name, coz I forgot as soon as I was told it) On the way out I asked if I needed to book and I was told no booking necessary as coz it was so hot and it was dinner time there were only a handful of clients.  I thought I may as well spend 20 minutes in there out of the heat.
I asked for 'tammy' and she took me to a room (classy, clean and perfectly dim).  She asked me to strip, so I did, but left my jocks on and I then got onto my stomach.  She gave me a rub down with a cool damp towel to get rid of the sweat and then poured oil on my legs. She was wearing short...short shorts and a teeny singlet.  As she was rubbing my legs, I could see that her shorts and panties dropped to the floor where my head was poking through the table.  Then the singlet.  She continued to massage my upper legs while brushing my hands with her upper thigh (tease).  She massaged higher and pulled down my jocks  and threw them on the floor and started to massage my ass and brush past my balls.  After a quick back rub she told me to roll over.  This is where I saw her in all her glory.  Tight/tanned/fit and naked.  A little more leg massage and up to my balls and cock.  A bit of a tickle and tease not straight to it, just enough to say "I'll get to you when I'm ready".  The she massaged my balls like a pro tennis player swivels the balls in their hands at the same time stroking my cock with her oily hands.  Well, lucky I didn't ask for the hour long one coz there would be a lot of wasted time talking.  After about a minute, KABOOM a monster load all over my stomach.  I was relaxed.  

A quick clean up (by her) a little small chat and we departed ways.  Fantastic 20 minutes was had by me.
Best 20 minutes had this week. I didn't touch her, I didn't entertain the thought because my mind was elsewhere.  Being a full service joint, you probably could.


