Thread Title: Pussy Galore - 31 Lillimur Ave, Heidelberg West VIC 3081 - 8528 9732
Floor: #1
Post Time: 19th March 2017, 08:42 AM
Poster ID: johnnydtf
Post Title: 
 Pussy Galore - 31 Lillimur Ave, Heidelberg West VIC 3081 - 8528 9732
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Bee bee (Or something Similiar)

Establishment : Pussy Galore

Date of Visit : 12/3/2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : http://www.pussygaloremelbourne.com.au/

Hours of Business : 11am-2am

Rates : $95 - 20 mins

Age : Said 23 Prob late 20's

Size/shape : Size 8 (Fit)

Nationality or Ethnicity : Laos

Services Provided : BBBJ, FS

Value for money/recommend? : It was ok.

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)


So i have been wanting to try this place out for a long time now and when a girl i was meant to see off Locanto postponed twice on me i couldn't wait any long and made the trip here.
Place is abit of a dump but the girls on offer where pretty good.
Can't remember all the names but i was intoduced to 4 girls mostly all in there 20's and would have easily picked a couple but most the girls appeared shy in the intro except beebee who put my hands on her titts and told me she will give me great service.
Confirmed BBBJ was on offer for a extra $50 donation so away we went.

Now Bee Bee is attractive. 7/10 i would say with a killer body and c to d fake titts.

After the shower onto the bed we go and she proceeds with a bbbj. Not bad but i could feel myself getting close already and asked her if i could go down on her. Instead she just put her pussy on my face and kept sucking which her pussy was a nice distraction from me blowing.

After a couple of mins i told her im ready to start fucking and she jumped on reverse cowgirl. Not bad but i wanted to play with those fake titts some more so switched to mish and pounded away. She was pretty vocal and the usual cum baby cum crap but i couldn't get over the line so asked her to suck it some more.
To my disapointment she wouldn't suck it bb again despite me paying for this and then she finished me off with a hj where she seriously jack hammered the fuck out of it. Not a fan of that.

Overall not a bad punt and i will go back to try one girl who had a cute mop top jap school girl look.


