Thread Title: Show Me Fire - 27 Fleet St, Somerton - 03 9305 3473
Floor: #1
Post Time: 18th April 2010, 11:10 AM
Poster ID: Mr.Pelikin
Post Title: 
 Show Me Fire - 27 Fleet St, Somerton - 03 9305 3473
				
Post Content: 
Show Me Fire
27 Fleet Street, Somerton, 3061.
Phone: (03) 9305 3473
Rates: $175 1hr

Work has torn me away from my Xiao LaoPo in Seedney, so here I am in the city where brothels can't even (legally) advertise most of their services…. A new virgin playground.
There are some reviews of a few establishments down here, so let's see if we can add any meat to the bones.

I had popped into Top on Tope early one afternoon, only to find that they insult customers with rudeness and disrespect – I walked from that place.
Then in the evening I tried the place closest to the caravan park I'm staying at, which is Show Me Fire, kind of reminds me of Burning Ring of Fire – but that is another story.

Show Me Fire is a purpose fitted out Industrial unit in a modern-ish Industrial area some 20km north of Melb, very close to the Hume Hwy+Fwy.
It was about 7pm on a Thursday and I was ushered into the intro room where I was presented with about 10 ladies in procession. I'd say only 1 or 2 were less than size 12. 50% Caucasians with 1 about a size 10 and the rest at least size 18-20. A Pinoy (who was the nicest of the bunch), a largish Thai girl, who seemed very sweet, and a couple of others of undisclosed nationality. I had hoped to pick the Pinoy, but stuffed up the names and ended up with the Thai girl - May.
Paid my $175 for an hour and was led upstairs to a well laid out room. It seemed clean and was well presented. Reminded me of the rooms at A Touch of Dream in Roseville.

Spent a bit of time chatting with May whilst touching her all around. Then on to the business which was all fairly bulk-standard. I wouldn't say there was much in the way of spark, that is probably because May wasn't entirely my cup of tea (the biggest girl I've ever had), but she was still pleasant enough to spend the hour with 

Show Me Fire was a pleasant place, and is cheapish (by Melb standards). The girls mostly seem to be fly-in, fly-out types, with some from Adelaide and some from Seedney. There were no sweet-petite orientals there – sadly .


Floor: #2
Post Time: 23rd November 2010, 09:07 PM
Poster ID: BrianB
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
There is another, smaller place at No3 Fleet St Somerton.  Was shown 3 Aussie Milfs, not my type, walked down the road.

No 27 is like a Tweed Heads club,  all flashy, big place.  Aussie blokes lead you to a small viewing room, where a succession of ladies ask you how your day has been.  At least 8 paraded.  There is a pile of high heel shoes opposite the cash desk which looks like there were 20+ girls working that night. (They put on the high heels to parade for you, then take them off for the walk upstairs.)  I saw Aussies, mostly tall ladies, a couple of chinese, indian, fijian.  Chose Coco a mlc size about 7 C cup.  Was the most friendly.  However she tells me no bbbj, cim etc allowed in this establishment.  Wonder if that is true.  Was a bit of a starfish, and would not allow touching of her pussy, which anyway had a severe case of 5 oclock shadow, causing discomfort.  Definitely not a GFE.   $100 for 30 minutes.  No clock in room, they have an intercom, which buzzes when your time is up.   
Would I be back? It is reasonable value, and others might enjoy the variety of ladies.  Rooms are  good standard, with quality showers.   Seems like there is a higher percentage of euro MILFS in Victoria, but somehow it is too organised/businesslike for my liking.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 2nd January 2012, 03:11 PM
Poster ID: Ruprect
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
This review I wrote a few months ago, but I have revisited a couple times since for more 3sum's..... Not to mention the many 2sum bookings made 

Double Trouble with Rosie and Talia
Its funny when you are regular to a place and only see the one girl there....and when she goes away.....what do you do?? In my usual fashion, I dont do Intros...so generally wait for their return
Well this has happened to me at Show Me Fire. I have been booking with Rosie for some time now, and when she was going away for a while, she recomended Talia to me while she is gone. 
So, I did.... and after a few bookings with her, we hatched the idea of a double when Rosie returns.... As fate seems to deal me some good hands, Rosie returns....and one night after work, I drop in unannounced to see if they are both available. Usually they are both very busy so I figured if it was ment to happen, fate would have them both ready for me.....and sure enough, they were. 

Rosie is about 5" with dark hair and is of mixed asian backgrounds and even a bit of Spanish. but as she was born in Aus, she has the aussie accent. Talia is around 5'4" and is blond with blue eyes. Both ladies have great bodys too and are both from interstate.

So up to the room we go and we all cuddle and tease about what we are about to get up too...... and they leave me to shower.
As they return, im ready for them, and move to Talia first and we share some pretty passionate kissing as I disrobe her with her fondeling me. I turn to see Rosie is now ready but very overdressed...so with me behind her, we embrace and we kiss while i sort out her clothing issue. She turns to face me, now naked and Talia joins us and we take turns kissing and probing. 
Then the girls laugh and admit to me that when down stairs, they flipped a coin to see who would get mini me and who would get my face....hehe. They both really like my oral efforts and i have left them both pretty spent and exhausted on more than one occasion..... Rosie won the toss......

Rosie says they have other plans for me too and she grabs a blindfold and covers my eyes....and they both start going to work on me. So while im fondeling them both, they have hands and tongues roaming all over my body. We continue like this for some time and eventually they lead me to the bed and lie me down and continue. Both have teasing ideas of their own too and both pull out all the stops to get me back for our previous bookings where im usually the one doing the teasing.... . Having long hair can be a lot of fun in the bedroom i can tell you.....oh....the places my hair has gone......though my fingertips have been travellers too......not to mention my mouth and tongue

My entire body is getting lots of attention now with them really making sure im getting most out of the experience. Then the BJ starts.....with one on Mini Me, and the other on the spuds with 4 hands all over......and they take turns on me. Im still blindfolded too so dont really know which is doing what.....All i know is im getting a whole body experience!!

Then my blindfold is lifted as Rosie begins deeply kissing me, leaving Talia to Mini Me...... We share some very intimate passionate kisses while we fondle eachother. I gradually move Rosie up so i can taste were. She mounts me in Queen and i really start going to town on her. All the while, Talia is leaving no stone unturned as she works on me with mouth and hands. Both of these ladys are incredible with their hand too.....so keeping control isnt easy!!!!.. I continue on Rosie, really getting her extremely wet. and I feel Talia move and mounts me in reverse cowgirl and begins riding. We continue like this for a while with Talia changing angles from verticle riding to low grinding.....while im sending shivvers up Rosies spine with my own efforts. My hands are all over too, fondeling both ladys, scratching Talias back and gently stroking Rosie. Rosie sucks on my fingers as im smoothly stroking her face and neck, all the time never missing a beat on her girly bits.....

Both of them are really going off now and Talia's tempo increases and rosie is really starting to loose it. I then begin to feel Talia's grinding start to halt and start again as she grinds deep and suddenly, she lets go and an orgasm washes over her....with that, I fell rosie getting to that familiar point as she shudders and i feel all her juices wash over my face as she also cums........ Talia has all but stopped now as she tries to get some control over her legs....and is loosing.....and she colapses back into Rosie. 

They both climb off and we all cuddle and kiss for a while as they get their breath back. After a few minutes, Rosie moves down and starts toying with Mini Me as Talia and I start to get a bit more passionate. I start to move Talia up so I can taste her too and as I start, Rosie jumps up n says "Hang on, I won the toss......thats mine...." and with a bit of a laugh, moves her compact body in front of Talia to present herself to me......as Talia falls back into a position that doesnt look to comfy...still laughin. She drags herself out as I start on Rosie again......again in Queen, only this time, i bring my fingers into play lightly as i lick n kiss her all over her bits. Talia has moved back to Mini Me and goes back to BJ, paying attention to the whole area.....with fingers teasing and tongue flicking. 

Im starting to get close now and so is Rosie again as im sending all my energy into her. Rosie decides she wants to watch me cum so turns around into reverse queen as Talia is doing her best to get me over. Rosie is starting to loose it again and Talia breaks out the oil and uses her hands on me while sucking the spuds.... That sight and my efforts are way too much for Rosie as she cums again, shaking and shuddering and with her hands rubbing my stomach gently, and Talia going to town, I finally loose it and explode, with some sailing past Rosie and me and hiting the wall behind us!!! 

We all collapse, pretty breathless, and with arms and legs everywhere, we all try to recover. Eventually, we get some energy back and gradually begin to move and with the girls on both sides of me, we cuddle as we glow from the past hour .....

Making our way off the bed. We do a clean up, removing all the sheets etc...making sure to find the deposit on the wall.....and we all shower, all with BIG smiles on our faces. Laughing about the next time we all get together again. If its only a fraction of this, it will still be mind blowing!!

I cant say enough about these 2 ladys to do them justice. They are just fantastic on their own and together are mindblowing!! It will be hard for me to see them as singles now....but im sure I will manage.......

Rupe
----------------------
Well, I have been in a few single sessions with both if these ladys since this session, but recently seen these 2 lovely ladys again for another double. And just like the last time, was an awesome experience..... 

This time Rosie was led into the room blindfolded so she had no idea who the booking was with........ I can add though, it wasnt too long before she worked it out   There is something about what I do to her that she just never forgets...... hehehehe  

We managed to get through a few unexpected positions this time too, one with Rosie in doggy while Talia is behind me, fondling my boys through my legs...... while running her tongue and hands all about..... Wow.... DFK with both of these ladys is a great experience, each in turn while the other licked and kissed all over

And in the end, there was indeed a lot of laundry to do.....  And much needed showers...... They both complained to me that going back down stairs was gonna be quite a task, as they still hadnt properly recovered yet. Stairs and wobbly legs arnt a good combination...... hehehe

This will indeed be an ongoing saga. They are fantastic as a solo booking, but as a double, are just something else.


Rupe


Floor: #4
Post Time: 11th November 2012, 10:25 PM
Poster ID: inm8
Post Title: 
 Sonya - Show Me Fire, Vic
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sonya

Establishment : Show Me Fire, Somerton

Date of Visit : August 2012 

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : (03) 9305 3473, 27 Fleet St Somerton, VIC 3062 http://showmefire.com.au/default.aspx/ 

Hours of Business : 10am - late

Rates : $175 

Age : 31-35 - I think...she still had me guessing when I left!

Size/shape : Under 160 cm / 5'3", Curvy body, Size 8 to 10, DD bust, Landing Strip

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : FS, Girlfriend Experience, DFK, CBJ, DATY, HJ, V.Good Massage

Value for money/recommend? : Yep, I would

My experience/comments : So I was on my way home from the city when I felt the itch, so diverted to visit SMF...

I was shown into a downstairs bedroom that I had been in before...I pushed the bad memories of Amber out of my mind to concentrate on the intros...it was a while ago, but I remember the line up had the usual bouncy Ariel, a more mature red-head in a skimpy policewoman's uniform bursting at the bust, a BBW blonde aussie, a sexy tall 20-30year old asian woman and finally mid-30's Sonya.

I eliminated most of them because they didn't allow DATY or weren't my type...now I hadn't been with an Asian lady before, so I decided on booking the tall asian stunner...TOO Late, she must have ducked into the intro room next door and got booked on the spot...so I chose Sonya for 30mins.

Sonya was wearing a black crop top that showed off her ample cleavage and a very short black skirt thing that gave glimpses of her beautiful ass cheeks...she led me by the hand and we headed upstairs, where she left me to shower...she returned and took her time, stripping off, had a shower and then carefully dried herself off all the while smiling and gazing at me alluringly...

I told her I enjoyed watching her and she asked me to come over and join her on the bed...she started with some gentle kissing, leading to DFK and then worked her way down to my nipples and then down further to my balls as she quickly put a dom on Roger...her skin felt very smooth and soft to the touch, I cupped her ample breasts and bent over to give them some attention...I suggested moving into 69 and started worshipping her beautiful clean pussy ...after a reasonable amount of time, she moved forward and mounted Roger in reverse cowgirl... I quite enjoyed the view of her pussy moving up and down my shaft...what happened next is a blur of doggy and missionary to finish...

She offered a massage as we still had some time left...it was good and hard - just the way I like it. We a had a decent conversation, most of which she spent teasing me about her age - initially she told me to guess her age and I thought late 30's or 40...she told me she was over 50 and I was very surprised...anyway she finally seemed to indicate she was about 38 or so...but i am still left wondering - Asian women have a remarkable way of aging very well.

As part of the massage, she even got me to lie on the floor and adjusted my back in a few places...I wish I could take her home with me!  I left feeling very satisfied, energized and looking forward to sampling more Asian women in the future!


Floor: #5
Post Time: 29th November 2012, 08:52 PM
Poster ID: alpha_beta
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lexi

Establishment : Show me Fire

Date of Visit : 26/11/12

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : (03) 9305 3473, 27 Fleet St Somerton, VIC 3062 Melbourne Brothel, Best Melbourne Brothel, Gentleman's Club, High Class Escorts | Show Me Fire 

Hours of Business : 

Rates : $100 for 30mins

Age : 22-24ish

Size/shape : size 10, b cup natural

Nationality or Ethnicity : possibly greek? Nice dark tanned colour but Australian

Services Provided : FS, CBJ, Massage

Value for money/recommend? : at $100 for a caucasian girl most defintely

My experience/comments :  Firstly, this place is ideally located for those driving from Melb to Sydeny.

Attended at 1pm on a Monday, private viewing room, shown Lexi, older blonde woman about 45, another blonde about 35, savannah a TALL african about 25, and an asian lady. Savannah booked by the guy who came in just before me so picked Lexi.

Lexi- Lovely girl, very friendly. Periced tounge, lip, nipples, breast bone and hand webbing. Has had a child but still in quite good nick, a little lose skin around the belly but not too much.

Started with an okay massage before the best cbj I have ever had, girl knows how to suck cock, kept it up for about 10 mins. Then she got ontop and rode me like no tomorrow, really grinding her pubic bone down into mine. Lasted about 5 mins before I popped. Tight pussy. Downsides - no kissing and she didn't shower after so no DATY with her!

Worth a look fellas as she is a lovely friendly girl.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 30th June 2013, 06:13 PM
Poster ID: tiny tito
Post Title: 
 Savannah @  Show Me Fire
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Savannah

Establishment :     					Show Me Fire                         				

Date of Visit : 28-06-2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 27 Fleet St Somerton, VIC 3062                          				

Hours of Business : 10.00 to late 

Rates : $100.00 half hr

Age : late 20's

Size/shape : slim

Nationality or Ethnicity :     					Jamaican                         				

Services Provided : [COLOR=#5A5A5A]FS, [/COLOR][COLOR=#5A5A5A]Girlfriend Experience, [/COLOR][COLOR=#5A5A5A][/COLOR][COLOR=#5A5A5A]CBJ, HJ, V.Good Massage[/COLOR]

Value for money/recommend? : i was happy 

My experience/comments : out the north on friday so i looked the place up ..went in got the run  down on all the do's & don'ts then of to meet the ladys 1st was  Savannah and thought this is the one  then was 1 asian lady Angle i  think she said the other 2 where aussie sorry cant rember there names  ..of to the room for a  quick inspection, shower some  chat and starts with a nice massage very firm seems like she knows what  she is doing ...then the flip and she starts with a nice cbj then in to  cow girl and she went to town my hands on her breasts and making me give  then a good squess lots of moaning and groaning (fake or reel i dont  know but sounded good ) made shure the little bloke was dry ..and  finnished up with nice foot massage ...might not be what every one likes  but i found her to good at what she dose 
shame she is only here for a week then back to Darwin

cheers Tiny


Floor: #7
Post Time: 1st November 2013, 12:59 AM
Poster ID: Turtleman
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Miki

Establishment : Show Me Fire

Date of Visit : June 2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : (03) 9305 3473, 27 Fleet St Somerton, VIC 3062 

Hours of Business : 10am - late

Rates : $100 for 30min

Age : 30

Size/shape : c cup size 8-10

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : cbj, DATY fs and nice thai massage

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : Miki is my favorite here in show me fire, currently she not work there as she oversea but she will return soon
Need to fuck so called and book 9pm on a tuesday night. Miki has a really nice figure, not fat and nice set of tits. her ass is nice and round
Shower lay on bed and starts with cbj. let me tell you she sucks pretty good.. after good couple mins i suggest 69. lick her pussy good until i got her really wet and cums.
After getting her wet she just on top and fucks me good. she likes to talk really dirty which is a real turn on. switch position and did it doggy. biggest turn out seeing that round ass watching those tits bounce reflecting on the mirror. fuck her hard until a cum.

Had a few mins left until the buzzer so she gave me a nice thai massage.. Miki English is really good

I would strongly suggest her


Floor: #8
Post Time: 6th November 2013, 12:02 PM
Poster ID: theProf
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Visited recently, review in the works,  standards seem to have improved, still one of the cheapest legal places around in Melbourne.


Floor: #9
Post Time: 18th November 2013, 07:59 PM
Poster ID: lygon007
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Laney?
Establishment : Show Me Fire
Date of Visit : Late Oct 2013
Contact Details/Address/Weblink : (03) 9305 3473, 27 Fleet St Somerton, VIC 3062
Hours of Business : 10am - late
Rates : $100 for 30min
Age : Early 30's
Size/shape : C-D cup size 10, Tall
Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian / European
Services Provided : CBJ, Fingering, FS
Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : 

I went here to kill time while I waited for a job to get finished at a factory a few blocks away. It was either; sit in the car and read the news on my phone for up to an hour, or, kill some time and enjoy the hell out of it for a small price to pay.

I'd never been to any establishment outside of the inner city - I've always just been in the city and needed the urge I guess. This place is large. Led into private screening room I was shown about 5-6 women. A few of them mature which I don't mind on occassion but wasn't feeling the best vibe from them. I chose Laney, I actually asked her name probably three times in total, so I'm not 100% thats correct. Was having a brain fail day.

Went up to the room and they are very 'short stay motel' like but very clean. Screen on the main wall showing some porn and a very good shower. I was just drying up as she re-entered, she lay on the bed disrobed and motioned me over. I didn't really enquire as to what she offered which is a shame becuase I do quite like the GFE. Not to worry, kissing was the only thing she wasn't up for.

As I went up to lay down I kissed her the entire way from her ankles right up to her neck which she enjoyed immensly, she playfully pushed me onto my back and started playing with my cock and balls whilst I continue stroking all over her body. When I was hard enough for a condom on it went. CBJ started whilst I was rubbing and fingering her and she appeared to love it.

After a while of doing this she went on top, reverse cowgirl. This was great as I got to play with her arse a fair bit, then she lent back I got the chance to start rubbing her clit while I was fucking her. She quickly spun around and was arching her back whilst I kept rubbing her pussy, my extremely hard cock by this stage all the way inside her. I could feel the tip of my penis constantly grinding at the top of her cervix? Her eyes started to loose focus as she moaned and I could feel her clenching my cock as she came.

It was exactly what I wanted.

Nothing too dramatic, didn't feel out of the ordinary, she loved it. I then climbed on top of her. She put her legs straight up in the air lifting her arse slightly whilst I went very hard and very fukn deep inside of her. I adjusted motion just enough to keep it interesting and for as long as I could. By this point though as I drove hard deep inside her after teasing her - and me - by keeping just the top 1/4 of my penis motioning in and out of her, she would let out a deep gasp, arch her back and her eyes would roll into her head.

A few too many of those I exploded very fukn hard inside her. She smiled and didn't stop smiling.

We chatted whilst we both showered, she was great. I'd go back to see her again next job I have a job out that way. I suspect as you get to know her more she'd open up even further. But as a first time seeing her I can't complain at all!

Maybe I should punt more in the 'burbs?


Floor: #10
Post Time: 18th November 2013, 10:12 PM
Poster ID: deejaja
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
This place is good but avoid on Fri/Sat nights as you get the young crowd on the way home from clubbing etc. Girls are usally quite pleasant at non-busy times.

Also seem to get a variety from pommies to NZ to Aussies and not all Asians like other places.


Floor: #11
Post Time: 24th December 2013, 12:21 PM
Poster ID: inm8
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Meiko?
Establishment : Show Me Fire
Date of Visit : 20 Dec 2013
Contact Details/Address/Weblink : (03) 9305 3473, 27 Fleet St Somerton, VIC 3062
Hours of Business : 10am - late
Rates : $100 for 30min
Age : Early 30's
Size/shape : B cup size 10, Slim
Nationality or Ethnicity : Korean
Services Provided : CBJ, DATY, FS
Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : 

I decided to pay a visit to SMF after work broke up for the year 'cos I hadn't been in a while. I may have taken a swig of ..... beforehand too...Ushered into the  lounge area and I knew they were busy 'cos both meeting rooms and the downstairs room were being used for intros! After a short wait I got led into the small room and met 5-6 ladies: there were a couple of African ladies with large rumps, a few Asian wl's (one skinny, one chubby, one tall), Claire the mature caucasian WL and Evie the young caucasian. I was quite interested in Evie, but she said no to DATY and that crossed her off my list, which really only left the lovely Asian ladies. I went with Meiko 'cos I thought she looked Japanese...

On the way up to the room, I start stroking her back and cupping her ass as she walked up the stairs beside me. She asked me to shower and when I got out she offered me some mouthwash  - a good sign for some kissing ahead!

So she unceremoniously strips down and beckons to me, I come closer and she locks lips and then guides me to her neck which she clearly likes me worshipping. I move down to her nicely formed breasts with small dark areole, cupping them in one hand and gently nuzzling at her nipples which are standing to attention. She's very sensitive there so I keep working my way down below to reach her fully shaved, although a bit stubbly pussy. Meanwhile she was fondling my cock and balls until I was hard enough for a condom. I stopped DATY as she wasn't really letting me get into it in that position. 

I let her CBJ and continue fondling by balls while  I groped her breast with one hand and guided her head onto my cock with the other. 

After a while of doing this she wanted me on top in missionary for a little while, then I brought her legs up so her calves were on my chest. My thighs slotted in nicely around her bottom as I pounded her. I was really enjoying this position, so I abruptly decided to change to doggy. 

This was also good, but because of my short stature the positioning of her arse forced me into a semi-squat which was an absolute killer on the legs! Position change again,  i tried to scoot under her so she could lower her pussy onto my face, but she kept jumping away giggling that i was tickling her! I suggested cowgirl next, but got a blank look- "You on top" I instructed. This was a great view and I got to play with her tits again, but I noticed she was not into it and appreciated that I had noticed.  

Time was fast running out so she suggested she give me handjob to finish and promptly put some moisturiser in her palm and went to work. She had good technique and brought me over the like just as the buzzer sounded. 

All in all a good session and I certainly got what I came for!


Floor: #12
Post Time: 4th April 2014, 05:26 PM
Poster ID: yaj33v
Post Title: 
 Show Me Fire - 27 Fleet St, Somerton - 03 9305 3473
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jemima

Establishment : Show me Fire

Date of Visit : 13/01/2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 27 Fleet St., Somerton

Hours of Business : 10am till late

Rates : $175 an hour

Age : looked 30+ 

Size/shape : B cup

Nationality or Ethnicity : Caucasian

Services Provided : CBJ, DATY, FS, DFK

Value for money/recommend? : Fuck yes!

My experience/comments :

Booked Jemima for 1 hr. after reviews from other girls. Jemima took me upstairs. After brief check of my little brother she ask me have shower. I took shower and waited for her patiently. After coming in the room she started to make me feel comfortable. We starting kissing, gently rubbing and feeling each other. She lay down and I went on top of her. Licking her ears, neck and shoulders before going down on her. 

By this time my dick had hardened up and ready for action. I inserted my manhood in her. May be lasted only few minutes. I knew it was not enough for her and she wanted more. 

I was very Horny arse. It did not took long before Jemima got it rock hard again by sucking it as she wanted it. I asked her to go doggie. I pounded her again. I was really into action this time. Was getting quite hot in the room. I climaxed and was very relaxed at this point but I wanted more. 

I asked her to turn the air con on as was quite steamy inside. We talked and touched each other for few minutes before little brother came into action again wanting more. I also wanted to eat her so we went 69 position. She was sucking my cock really hard and I was going deep in her pussy with my finger and her clit was in between my lips and I knew she was having good orgasm for sure. 

She was moaning for more. She said let me fuck u now. She went reverse cowgirl and we changed that into missionary after few minutes. She was on to my Nipples now. I like my Nipples sucked in that position. At last I came. She ask me what happened? I said "Climax" babe. She smiled cheekily and winked. 

Every minute spent with her was worth it . Will I go again? Yes for sure, in near future.


Floor: #13
Post Time: 10th June 2014, 01:06 PM
Poster ID: Mrdvs
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : 
Rickki
Establishment : show me fire

Date of Visit : june

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 

Hours of Business : 10 till late

Rates : 
 100 fs
Age : 35 to 40

Size/shape : 14 to 16 quite large boobies
Tummy a little squishy lol 
Nationality or Ethnicity : im thin european dark hair olive caramel complexion

Services Provided : fs cbj 

Value for money/recommend? : 
 Very understanding
My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)
Well i arrived at show me fire around 1.30 ish for sonething a little different. Been going to alot of asian places which i do like. Got there and there was about 8 girls working all different nationalities


Floor: #14
Post Time: 13th December 2015, 06:48 PM
Poster ID: al1984
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Anyone know if Lexi still works here? or if not could someone tell me where she is working now?


Floor: #15
Post Time: 14th December 2015, 06:00 PM
Poster ID: WOTAN01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by al1984


Anyone know if Lexi still works here? or if not could someone tell me where she is working now
"""



As it is over a year since any reviews on this place it help to ring the place and ask if she is still there. The number is in the heading.


Thread Title: Show Me Fire - 27 Fleet St, Somerton - 03 9305 3473
Floor: #16
Post Time: 26th April 2017, 03:39 PM
Poster ID: jeff.jones
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Sex Worker's Name: Stef
Session Month: April
Session Year: 2017 
Type of Service: Parlour Worker 
Name of Agency or Parlour (if any): Show Me Fire 
Establishment Address (Only for brothels): 27 Fleet St Somerton 
Phone Number (Please add area code): (03) 9305 3473 
Link to Website or Online Ad (if any): http://showmefire.com.au/default.aspx/ 
Advertised Hourly Rate  : $175 
Location where session took place: Victoria 
Session Day: Weekday 
Session Time: Evening 
Estimated Age: 20's
Estimated Ethnic Group: Mauritian 
Knowledge of English: Good 
Hair Colour: Black 
Hair Length: Medium 
Eyes Colour: Brown 
Skin Colour: Dark 
Height: Short - Under 160 cm / 5'3" 
Body Shape: Curvy
Estimated Body Size: 10-12
Estimated Breast Size: C-D 
Enhanced breasts?: No 
Pubic Hair: All Waxed / Shaved 
Any Tattoos?: None 
Any Piercings?: None 
Full Sex Available: Yes 
Kind of Experience: Clinical Experience 
Kissing Available: Yes, Light Kissing 
Blowjob: Yes, CBJ (Covered Blowjob) 
Overall Looks: Pretty 
Overall Personality: Nice
Overall Performance: It was okay 
Had some time to spare, dropped by late Friday night, music outside was loud. 

Lots of girls on, stef looked good. Clean rooms, health check, good showers. Just wanted a BJ, she did her job well but couldn't get it all the way in.


Floor: #17
Post Time: 26th April 2017, 03:49 PM
Poster ID: nextlif
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Please resubmit on the AXR template.
[COLOR="#FFFFFF"].[/COLOR]
Attachment 7141


Floor: #18
Post Time: 31st May 2019, 01:18 PM
Poster ID: Cortease
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Paris

Establishment : Show me fire

Date of Visit : 13th May 19

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Best Melbourne Brothel, Legal Melbourne Brothel, Melbourne's 5 Star Brothel

Phone : (03) 9305 3473

Hours of Business : not sure, til late

Rates : $80 20Mins

Age : said 30, i think late 30s

Size/shape : slim with an arse, small tits

Nationality or Ethnicity : greek

Services Provided : fs, bbbj

Value for money/recommend? : yeah

My experience/comments : 

Rather horny after work on a monday and it was too late to start the hunt for massage shops so i popped into show me fire, they usually have a line up of at least 10 girls, mostly asian, but tpnight there was 2 girls working, Paris and another who i didnt remember her name, asian short and chubby.

When Paris came in for the intro she was in some sexy bra and undies, she had blonde hair with a nice handful looking bust, slim tummy and a nice butt! The face was probably a bit of a downside but nothing horrific. Out of the too it was an easy choice at this stage..

$80 20mins, upstairs and into the room, shes very chatty and wanting to know about me alot which i only give bits here n there, she left i showered, she returned, stripped down and that bust left her chest with the bra! Damn! I hate those push up bras! So deceiving, anyway.. onto the bed

She likes to cuddle and tried to kiss alot but i wasnt into that, i layed on my back and she started on my fella, started a slow tug and licking my balls, starting to bar up she startd a bbbj, taking the whole thing! She did a great job! 

She puts on a dom and jumps onto in cowgirl and starts riding, as she is a slim girl shes easy to hold and pump away from underneath so the tempo picks up fast! 

After a few mins we can to doggy, grabbing her hips and pulling them into me as i thrust her hard my balls slapping her clit she starts moaning, but not over the top, she has a great looking vag, her pussy lips wrap tight over my cock as im sliding in and out, slapping her ass it was too much for me too handle, i explode into the dom and then collapse on my back, she takes the dom off and wipes me up abit then proceeded for a nice head massage before we hit the showers to wash, dress n boot!

She is a very friendly girl and very into her work, i may return to see her if i am in the area again


Floor: #19
Post Time: 1st June 2019, 02:53 PM
Poster ID: HKS
Post Title: 
 Cartier - Show Me Fire - May 2019
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Cartier

Establishment : Show Me Fire

Date of Visit : 31/05/19

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Best Melbourne Brothel, Legal Melbourne Brothel, Melbourne's 5 Star Brothel

Phone : 03 9305 3473 

Hours of Business : Random

Rates : $100 per hour

Age : Early 30s

Size/shape : Busty but nice curves

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : Standard / PSE

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

I've stayed with Cartier a few times, all experiences have been pretty 
pleasant. She gives a great aggressive BJ and really gives you her all 
and can take a beating. She has maybe 5-10 tattoos over her body, not 
really covered but has a few floating around her body. She is quiet 
dolled up wears really sexy lingerie and has a lot of make up, real porn
 star like.

She is a bit of a chubby girl but the curves are real defined, has a 
super cute tight pussy too. What i love about her is she maintains eye 
contact throughout whole session and it is quiet a turn on. During doggy
 she'll look back at you. Session was and always is quiet friendly. 
Enjoys a bit of a chat and makes you feel comfortable. Good punt 
especially for the $100 Show Me Fire offers for 30 minutes.


