Thread Title: Studio 54 - 54 Swanston St, Preston - 03 9495 1881
Floor: #1
Post Time: 11th April 2010, 01:18 AM
Poster ID: rovert
Post Title: 
 Studio 54 - 54 Swanston St, Preston - 03 9495 1881
				
Post Content: 
met suzi at studio 54 in preston  melbourne , day time on monday , pick her out 3 , at a guess  i would say  30 ish , blonde and  curvy figure with baby scar , the time spent in the room was ok , i dont know who was more nervous , me or her , mentioned she hasnt been doing it too long , best part was , for the half hour visit , she gave covered bj for 15 of them  , she seemed to like doing that more than the actual sex 
anyway it was $ 100 for the 30 mins , since it was day time rate , do her again?? , dont think so , kinda got the vibe she was nervous house wife trying to make ends meet , which made me feel not so good


Floor: #2
Post Time: 15th November 2010, 02:57 AM
Poster ID: jammyfox
Post Title: 
 Studio 54 - 54 Swanston Street, Preston,
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: MaryJane

Establishment: Gentlemen's Club

Contact Details/Address: 54 Swanston Street, Preston, 3072 Phone: (03) 9495 1881

Hours of Business: 8am - 3am

Prices: $185/hr

Age: Late 20s

Size/shape: Athletic

Nationality or Ethnicity: European

Services: Full Service, GFE

Value for money/recommend?: Reasonable, good service and attentative

My experience/comments: 

There's something about Mary

After doing the rounds at a couple of northern suburbs parlours and not finding what I was looking for I decided to go back to Studio 54 since my first visit there was so good.

Last time I was there Mary Jane told me that I would like Renee so on the way there I was thinking about what it would be like to have both of them but wasn't sure about my funds.

In the intro room I met Renee first and yes, she is a great looking lady. Tall, great legs and a butt to die for.
Next walks in Mary Jane. At this stage I tell her that I can't decide and would like both of them so MJ checked with Renee who in the meantime got a 30 min booking.
So now I find out that MJ is a mind reader as well so when she says why don't we have an hour together and get Renee to join us for the second half. At this point I can't get the smile off my face.

I know you've heard it all before about MJ but she is a passionate lady who knows how to please a man.
I can't believe how comfortable she makes you feel from the moment you meet her.
Anyway we are doing what she does best and I'm just about to explode when a little knock on the door kills the moment, but a new one starts when Renee walks in the door and starts to undress wasting no time as we already had a 30 minute head start (no pun intended).
MJ jumps off and Renee starts with a CBJ and while MJ sits on my face for some lovely Daty.
We try a couple of positions before I hear the buzzer and at this point I finish off.well let's just say that what happened next is between MJ, Renee and me.

Another wonderful experience at Studio 54 and I will definitely see these ladies again


Floor: #3
Post Time: 1st April 2011, 11:24 PM
Poster ID: Netmerc
Post Title: 
 Emma English - Studio 54 Preston
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Emma English 

Establishment : Studio 54, Preston

Date of Visit: March

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: 
54 Swanston Street, Preston, 3072.
(03) 9495 1881

Hours of Business: 10am - 6am (Emma only works Fri/Sat nights)

Rates:$210/hr

Age: 25

Size/shape: 12-14, G-cup

Nationality or Ethnicity: English

Services Provided: FS, BJ, HJ, Spanish, DATY, plus many more (ask!)

Value for money/recommend?:Yes

My experience/comments: I have seen Emma five times now over the past year and she is quickly becoming my favourite of all time.

Emma has pale white skin and auburn hair and massive boobs that she likes having sucked, which I was all too happy to do for her. I have also had to opportunity to blow all over them at one point, which was great.

I always take up the opportunity for DATY during our sessions as she enjoys it was well as I do.

Even though I can only go once during my session, plenty of other punters have had more than one shot and she is happy to do so.

I would also recommend her if you are a first-time punter as she will put you at ease.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 23rd November 2011, 07:33 PM
Poster ID: orientoscar
Post Title: 
 Emma English - Studio 54
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Emma

Establishment : Studio 54

Date of Visit : 04/11/2011

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 

Hours of Business :  

Rates : 200

Age : 22?

Size/shape : Voluptuous

Nationality or Ethnicity : English

Services Provided : Full service

Value for money/recommend? : DEFINITELY!

My experience/comments :

Visited Emma at Studio 54 after hearing a lot about her....and she didn't disappoint!

I booked her for 45 and as I was being led upstairs, she was already fondling the package! By the time we were in the room, my pants were undone and Emma was in front of me giving my balls a massage with her tongue and lips. After a while of this, she took off her clothes and I bent her over and ate her pussy foe a while before moving to the bed for some 69 action....

Let's just say it went on splendidly.....with variety of positions before she finished me off with her hand and mouth making me spray all over her beautiful breasts.

I feel like visiting her right now! Too bad it's not Friday or Saturday!

HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!


Floor: #5
Post Time: 23rd November 2011, 07:55 PM
Poster ID: orientoscar
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Address: 54 Swanston Street, Preston
Phone: 03 9495 1881


Floor: #6
Post Time: 12th August 2013, 03:32 AM
Poster ID: Danster
Post Title: 
 Studio 54 Preston
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Cassie/ Casandra

Establishment : Studio54

Date of Visit : 1/8/13

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 54 Swanston st, Preston Vic.
                                                    03)9495 1881

Hours of Business : 10 til late 7 days

Rates : $225/hour

Age : late 20s

Size/shape : Nicely stacked, medium waist, blonde wig. 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : Massage, CBJ, DATY, FS

Value for money/recommend? : Definitley try her Spanish!

My experience/comments : had seen Cassie for a half hour before at another establishment. Happy to spend the hour with her this time for a less rushed roll in the hay. A down to earth Aussie chick now at this comfortable, spacious but slightly bland brothel, she more than made up for the lack of atmosphere. Usually available for day play, a Spanish specialist with her gorgeous natural assets excelling. Enjoys a variety of positions and generous in letting me blow twice in the hour.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 23rd August 2013, 09:11 AM
Poster ID: BigBlueBalls
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I've seen Cassandra before also. ... Very sexy!


Floor: #8
Post Time: 23rd August 2013, 10:22 AM
Poster ID: WOTAN01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by BigBlueBalls


I've seen Cassandra before also. ... Very sexy
"""



BigBlueBalls, if you saw Cassandra recently we would love to see your report on the experience with her using the Template to add to our knowledge base.

Wotan010


Floor: #9
Post Time: 25th August 2013, 09:33 AM
Poster ID: niteowl
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Dior

Establishment: Studio 54

Contact Details/Address: 54 Swanston Street, Preston, 3072 Phone: (03) 9495 1881

Hours of Business: 8am - 3am

Prices: $120 1/2hr

Age: early 30's?

Size/shape: Chubby

Nationality or Ethnicity: Kiwi

Services: Full Service

Value for money/recommend?: Nah I didn't think so

My experience/comments: 

Visiting some relo's down Vic and decided to do my usual sampling of the local girls.  Studio 54 was convenient for me, so I decided to check it out, knowing I probably wouldn't get another opportunity - and the price was a bit cheaper than some of the other establishments closer the the city.  You get what you pay for, and I wish I had spent the little bit extra and drove to one of the better reviewed city places.

The overall appearance of Studio 54 is not all that bad, but the standard of WL is nothing special.  I was intro's to 3 girls. Dior was friendly/bubbly in the intro which is why I ended up choosing her over the hotter asian Lexi.  The other lady was an older lady probably late 40's, who was quite rough looking and didn't spark one bit of interest for me.  I actually chose Lexi when asked, but changed my mind just as I was paying, because I really wanted a non-asian girl for a change.

The rest was pretty non eventful and plain.  Showered, then lay on the bed.  Dior then lubed up the old fella and proceeded with a CBJ while I finger fucked her.  She had put lots of lube on the puss, so it got really messy.  I gave her a fair clit tickle but she didn't cum or even seem to enjoy it - but didn't complain which is sometimes the case for brothel girls.  Her CBJ technique wasn't too bad, but got fairly teethy as she went deeper.  It was nothing special though, and I was in no risk of blowing early.  On to the the main event.  A bit of mish, then into doggy to finish off hard.  The lube did make things quite wet and sloppy down there, so that was a bit of a turn off and prompted me to finish things up fairly quickly.

We still had time remaining, so Dior offered a massage.  This was actually the highlight of the session.  I wish I opted for no BJ to have more time with the massage, because she is really quite a good masseuse.  Very relaxing technique with long flowing strokes and nice pressure.

Finished up with a shower and was on my way.


Floor: #10
Post Time: 7th February 2014, 08:16 AM
Poster ID: a3dollabil
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Lindsay

Establishment: Studio 54

Contact Details/Address: 54 Swanston Street, Preston, 3072 Phone: (03) 9495 1881

Hours of Business: 8am - 3am

Prices: $120 1/2hr

Age: Late 30's

Size/shape: Chubby

Nationality or Ethnicity: Australian

Services: Full Service

Value for money/recommend?: Somewhat

My experience/comments: Twas a strange punt. She came across as pretty forward during the intro but when we got into the room she got slightly flippant. There was little cbj but mostly we chatted while she told me how much she didn't like her job. Wouldn't see her again.


Floor: #11
Post Time: 17th January 2016, 01:46 AM
Poster ID: thewoody
Post Title: 
 Kitty - Studio 54, Preston - (03) 9495 1881
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Kitty

Establishment: Studio 54

Date of Visit :  16/01/2016

ContactDetails/Address/Weblink :  54 SwanstonSt, Preston. (03) 9495 1881 

Hours of Business :10am till late

Rates : $220 an hour

Age : around 25-30(I am not very good with age guess)


Size/shape : Good looking C-D cup curvy

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : FS, CBJ, GFE

Value for money/recommend? : Yes definitely 


My experience/comments :

 Myfirst every punt (and first review here). I wasafter Caucasian girl, had few choices on norther side of city. After goingthrough reviews decided to go to Studio 54. Checked their website and therewere going to to be few good ladies in on Saturday. Called them to check whentheir night shift starts, lady told me around six but recommended me to aroundeight when every one will be in and also not very busy.  

Wentthere just after eight, receptionist took me to waiting room and asked meto wait. Actually I wouldn't mind going with receptionist she was pretty.In come the first one named Scarlett, nice looking tall blond. Scarlettintroduce herself, and asked if I have any question. I asked about extras andshe mentioned that kissing will be extra. Second was Sasha, not my type. Thirdwas Kitty, nice friendly lady and the last one was Theresa. If I had to go bylook, Scarlett would have been the first choice by long distance, but I wentwith Kitty. She is good looking and also she was very friendly during intro andmade me really comfortable (I was really nervous). Sorted the financial for 30minutes (minus $10 mentioned the Saturday night discount). 

Nowabout Kitty, she is good looking girl, pretty much next door Aussie girl youmeet every day with nice blue eyes. I am not vey good with age but my guess isaround 30. 

Oncein the room, she did the examination of my shaft and left me for shower. I tookthe shower and waited in the room for couple of minutes before she arrived. Westarted with cuddles and I slowly took off her clothes. Out come beautiful C-Dcup boobs, nice handful not too small and not too big either. Spend few minutescuddling kissing before jumping in the bed.           

On bedsome more cuddle, playing with each others body before she started with CBJ.Went with few different positions. She was really responding to my touch andwas vocal with her feelings. Again went for CBJ…………...and BEEP went off. Shementioned it is almost the time, I could not believe how quickly half hourgone. She finished me of with HJ. 

Tookthe shower together. Had really good conversation while taking shower andcoming down. She mentioned that she is studying in Uni and like this work withstudy as it is flexible. 

shewalked with me to the door and give me a kiss and cuddle and off I went. Nicefun and lovely lady to be with also great to have a chat with.

Overallvery much a GFE with an enthusiastic babe who seemed to enjoy the experience asmuch as I did. I was really nervous to start with but Kitty made me comfortablethroughout my stay.

Nexttime I might have to plan half hour time bit better as I had no idea it passesso quickly.


Floor: #12
Post Time: 22nd October 2016, 02:27 AM
Poster ID: BIGsam
Post Title: 
 Scarlett - Studio 54 Preston - 94951881
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Scarlett

Establishment : Studio 54 Preston VIC

Date of Visit : October 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : http://www.studio54.net.au

Hours of Business : Weekend nights

Rates : 120/half hour

Age : 24-26

Size/shape : curvy 10-12  

Nationality or Ethnicity : Caucasian

Services Provided : great

Value for money/recommend? : yes / yes

My experience/comments : 

I was free on Saturday evening so thought to check S54. Went there and found only couple of cars in car park, thought good sign. Went in and was guided to the intro room by a beautiful tall lady. 

Five girls came for intro, and my pick was Scarlett. Nice body and boobs even though she was bit shy in intro and did not speak much. Her curly blond hair were looking nice on her. 

Sorted out the cash (received $10 discount by mentioning their website), and off we went upstairs. At S54, their rooms are really big. While going through the stairs I tried to have some conversation going but only got little response back.

In the room she did the health check and left me for shower. I was drying myself when she came back again. She was looking nice in her lingeries. We started with some light hugs and she started to taking off her lingeries and asked for my help.

Scarlett has nice firm body and face. She is bit quite but slowly we started to have some conversations. 

I am a boob man and love nice natural boobs and Scarlett have nice pair of boobs DD or E and I loved playing with those. I spend bit of time on those boobs and she seems to enjoy it. By that time she also started to play with my dick. She put on the rubber and started CBJ. CBJ was ok not too good but not too bad either. After that we went for some missionary then moved to cowgirl and finished with my favorite doggy. 

Overall it was a good session, Scarlett did put effort and were really friendly. She started bit shy but was fine by the time session finished.


Floor: #13
Post Time: 31st October 2016, 09:45 PM
Poster ID: sdg
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Anita

Establishment : Studio54

Date of Visit : October

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : www.studio54.net.au

Hours of Business : Weekday

Rates : 210 + 50

Age : 30s-40s

Size/shape : Plump but great titts

Nationality or Ethnicity : Indian

Services Provided : CBJ, CFS, Anal Extra

Value for money/recommend? : Maybe

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

Had an itch and was in the northern suburbs and read some nice things about Studio54 so I popped in. They had a few girls to choose from, but none tickled my fancy until Anita said the magic A-levels offer for $50. Anita is a plumpish Indian lady, but she had a great set of Cs or Ds - great shape to hold, massage suck etc. Also a nice lady to chat too. 

In any case, good value for money for anal but I dunno if I'll come back - she isn't my type of girl physically but if you are a boob man who likes to give it up the butt, go for it.


Floor: #14
Post Time: 23rd April 2017, 02:24 AM
Poster ID: inm8
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Anita

Establishment : Studio54

Date of Visit : February 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : www.studio54.net.au

Hours of Business : Weekday

Rates : 30mins 110 + 50 for Anal

Age : 30s-40s

Size/shape : Short, dark haired and dark skinned curvy, great titts and ass

Nationality or Ethnicity : Indian

Services Provided : CBJ, CFS, Daty, light kissing, Anal Extra

Value for money/recommend? : Worth a shot

My experience/comments :

I read the earlier review of Anita and had always wanted to bang an Indian lady and fuck one in the ass, so I checked the website to find when Anita was rostered on. You get a $10 discount if you mention the website when paying.  

Anita was warm in the intro and said anal was on offer after she had inspected and agreed. I was taken upstairs, health inspection -check, size inspection -check, extra $50 paid - so all systems go!

Anita was very friendly and easy going. She started with a pretty good CBJ to get roger fired up. I asked if we could move into 69 so I could taste her pussy and she kindly obliged. She certainly seemed to be enjoying the position but suddenly jumped up as if to stop me from making her cum? 

Anyways I was rock hard by this point so she suggested we have a crack at anal. She lubed me and herself up and I fucked her in the ass, slowly at first but steadily increasing the pace and depth of my thrusts. 

Anita was happy to change positions up a couple more times, so we did missionary and I finally came in doggie. There's something about being in that position and having the hips / waist of a curvy woman to hold onto that really does it for me.  

Anita is a lovely lady and knows how to please her men. Bucket list item ticked off. I was a happy man.


Floor: #15
Post Time: 14th March 2019, 12:49 PM
Poster ID: Remz
Post Title: 
 Jennifer - Studio 54
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jennifer

Establishment : Studio 54

Date of Visit : 22/2

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.studio54.net.au/

Phone :
 (03) 94951881
Hours of Business : 10-3am

Rates : 120 30 mins

Age : 20-30

Size/shape : Curvy size 12

Nationality or Ethnicity : Singaporean

Services Provided : GFE

Value for money/recommend? : Highly

My experience/comments : Jennifer is a curvy asian working at studio 54 that I highly highly recommend for a fun time. If you like bigger then average girls she's a knockout. amazing tits and ass and she is always high energy and fun in the room. Last time I saw her she gave me the absolute time of my life. 69, fingering (on her, you dirty bastards) doggy cowgirl missionary cbj just wild, we both came at the same time with her on top and I'm pretty sure my soul left my body. she's a treat for the eyes no matter what you're doing, too.


Thread Title: Studio 54 - 54 Swanston St, Preston - 03 9495 1881
Floor: #16
Post Time: 16th October 2019, 04:18 PM
Poster ID: inm8
Post Title: 
 Danni - Studio 54 - Preston, Vic
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Danni

Establishment : Studio 54

Date of Visit : 8/10/19

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Best brothel in Melbourne | Australia | Studio 54 Gentlemen's Club

Phone : 03 94951881

Hours of Business : 10am until late

Rates : $110/half

Age : Late 40 or early 50's?

Size/shape : Slim, natural D's

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : FS, DFK, 69

Value for money/recommend? : yes

My experience/comments : 
I was feeling a little horny during the day and popped in to Studio 54 to see who was on the roster. Had a very warm intro with Danni and we just clicked. 

I had already showered, so after a quick health inspection she was back and welcomed me with a little strip-tease of her outer layer before locking lips for passionate DFK. 

I undid her bra and caressed her back down to her pert butt cheeks grabbing a nice handful. We moved onto the bed where we continued kissing and then I moved down to worship her natural D breasts and worked Mt way down to her lower half. 

I positioned myself between her thighs and started caressing them, while flicking my tongue and sucking on her waxed pussy. A beautiful sight and very responsive, she allowed FIP, while I went back up for another round of DFK. 

She dommed me up and we started in missionary, doggie and then cowgirl before she realised time was running and finished me off with a handjob onto her beautiful bouncy tits. 

Hell of a great service, for a drop in and she was very attentive!

WIR? Yes I would!


