Thread Title: 16 Devonshire Rd, Sunshine - 03 9312 6986
Floor: #1
Post Time: 7th February 2014, 04:11 PM
Poster ID: nocturnalboy
Post Title: 
 16 Devonshire Rd, Sunshine - 03 9312 6986
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lisa / Coco

Establishment : "Little Sunflower Massage"

Date of Visit : 7 Feb 14

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 16 Devonshire Rd. Sunshine. 9312 6986 (I think)

Hours of Business : Not known

Rates : $40 half hour $60 54 min $80 hr

Age : mid 40's I would guess for Lisa - Coco in her 20's

Size/shape : 10 - 12 - C cup

Nationality or Ethnicity : PRC

Services Provided : Massage, topless, tit sucking, rnt

Value for money/recommend? : Not a bad option - not best in class - but cheap.

My experience/comments : I found myself. unusually, way out west, so i thought I'd test drive some recommendations from the top punters in here. I headed for 47 Dickson St. However I saw three guys walk in ahead of me (must have been an inclement weather day for the building guys because they had Hi Viz and boots). If you'll pardon the pun, it seems like a bit of a sausage factory on a Friday afternoon - I even noticed cab drivers in uniform (including turban! ....... boys!) amongst others coming out as I walked by back to my car.

The thought of getting in a queue didn't do a lot for me, especially in a "house" that looks like it's about to fall down, and whilst I like dodgy places, this looked like a dump too far. I'm happy to stand corrected if the inside is, like the Tardis, more impressive than the outside.

So, being a curious bastard, I went for a walk to catch some A/C and perhaps perv on some schoolgirls in the local Sunshine Plaza. Perv report: forget it!

On my way back I notice a shop in Devonshire Rd with a large "Massage" sign - no other details except a phone number. OK, I was hot, and figured the worst that could happen was that I take one for the team, review a place that was yet to be reviewed and spend some time in the A/C with a cute Asian girl. No downside, really.

The place has only been open two months and they have fitted it out well. The rates are on the wall by the door - very cheap I reckon.

Lisa met me at the door - the mamasan. Big smile, short, friendly and keen to have you into one of the rooms.

I gave her $50 and told her to keep the ten. There was no discussion of anyting more than half an hour, so I figured tings were promising - especially when she told me to take off all of my clothes, and there were various wiping options available to her in the room.

I told her I wanted a medium massage, and she seems to know what she's doing - I appreciated the first 15 minutes as a massgae was in order for me anyway.

As soon as she told me that I had a nice big body, and that i was a ....... boy I knew things were going to go the way I wanted then to. So, I had no hesitation in giving her sweet arse and very smooth legs some attention while I was face down.

A bit of pulling the legs apart, some ball play and the dress and bra off so i could feel her big nipples on my back was just what i fancied.

On the flip, I see she is naked except for knickers. Not a fabulous build - a couple of kids I would think, have given her a bit of a belly, but nice tits and big nipples, which she lowers into your mouth with little prompting.

No problems with hand play outside her knickers, but any attempt to get fingers inside her knickers met with legs slammed tightly closed.

Out came the oil, and away she went, and, even tho the sensation was good, and I'm guessing she has lost count of the tugs she has given and the cocks she has tugged, it's a bit mechanical. So, for me, I got a hard on just fine, a climax took a while. Lots of tit sucking helped, but she seemed pretty unresponsive - and I like to get a girl horny.

Once tht was all over, some efficient wiping up, nice head massage, and no sense of clock watching.

She told me that Coco was young and pretty, and I should see her next time.

Whilst the partitions go to the ceiling, the sound proofing isn't perfect by any stretch, I could hear Coco next door having what appeared to be a disagreement with a punter next door.

I timed my exit so I could eyeball Coco before I left. Yep, she seemed pretty yummy, and if it wasn't a long way from my normal punting territory, I would definitely consider a nice punt with her. 

So, for those in the wild west - go give this joint a try - definitely looks more salubrious that Dick Son st. I'd be keen to see a review of Coco.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 8th February 2014, 12:55 AM
Poster ID: bush ranger
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Good read wild western ranger!


Floor: #3
Post Time: 23rd May 2014, 01:28 PM
Poster ID: movelikejagger
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Seven

Establishment : Little Sunflower Massage

Date of Visit : 22 May 2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 16 Devonshire Road, Sunshine,  93126986

Hours of Business : 10.30 am - 8.00 p.m

Rates : $75 - 60 mins, $40-30 mins

Age : 35+

Size/shape : Short and overweight

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Massage, Nude, BBBJ.  HJ ,DATY, DFK

Value for money/recommend? : great service and price - very plain lady

My experience/comments : I am normally a SE subs punter, but have been dipping my toes in out west recently.  I visited this lady as the result of a very promising report on another online forum. 
Seven is certainly not my type of lady, but because I had gone to a great deal of trouble to get there, I thought "what the heck'.
I opted for the 30 min option. Early in the session I negotiated Nude (+$20) and then thought i would push the envelope and asked about bbbj. She did not blink, her response being "how much you pay" We quickly settled on another +$20. Now I wonder what the reaction would have been if i had asked for fs?
VG massage, ordinary bbbj (too many teeth), did not enjoy daty (sweaty pussy hair) and she forced dfk on me . If she had been younger, slimmer and prettier I would have thought all my prayers has been answered, but with Seven I am afraid it left me cold and not stimulated at all
She is a very nice lady. Seems to have a good heart, is friendly and very customer/service oriented.
Constant (hollow) compliments - "you very handsome man" (I'm not). "beautiful cock" (it's not) lost of "Darlings" (an absolute turn off for me), Of course these things that so irritate me others may find appealing. as always ymmv

summing up - great shop, very clean, bright and well maintained. excellent atmosphere

wonderful range of services and prices are very competitive

not the right ML for me, but she is a very nice lady

WIR? - yes, but not for Seven.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 6th August 2014, 02:25 PM
Poster ID: Waylaid69
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I called into this shop yesterday (Tuesday) and promply left after I saw the girl working there as she was short & fat with an unattractive face. I didn't ask her name. Does anyone know if there are any good looking women working here?


Floor: #5
Post Time: 26th December 2015, 09:51 PM
Poster ID: tiny tito
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Tina

Establishment :Little Sunflower Massage 

Date of Visit : 26-12-15

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 16 Devonshire Road, Sunshine, 93126986

http://vic.locanto.com.au/ID_2135650...r-Massage.html

Hours of Business : 9.30 am - 8.30 p.m

Rates : 100.00 1/2 Hr all in 

Age : 

Size/shape : super skinny

Nationality or Ethnicity : PRC

Services Provided : full 

Value for money/recommend? : 

My experience/comments : called here to test the water as i have never been here before and my regular place was closed 
walk in and soon greeted by Tina and in to the room no bullshit strait to the point you want everything ?? 100.00 was the price ..not shure what to do because i have never fucked a stick figure girl before (i have never seen any 1 so skinny ) so ok lets do it comes back in and starts a lame rub and lots of tackel tickell .flip over and get the dom on little bit of oral and then askes me on top and away she goes was a bit worried she might split in half (but as it is said it will streach a mile be fore it teares )  you like fast or slow i was asked slow i said so slow cow girl it was with her making all the right noises and speeding up the job was done cleen up with wet 1's was ok looking and works tue,wed,sat,sun..dont know if i return or not


Floor: #6
Post Time: 27th December 2015, 11:55 PM
Poster ID: johnnydtf
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Was she flat chested or did she have something atleast to play with.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 28th December 2015, 03:18 AM
Poster ID: tiny tito
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by johnnydtf


Was she flat chested or did she have something atleast to play with
"""



there was very small 1's there ...so yes there was some thing there


Floor: #8
Post Time: 31st December 2015, 03:46 PM
Poster ID: johnnydtf
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Ok cool for that. Have done some skinny girls who have nothing up top. Just the nipple. I like to atleast have something to grab onto.


Floor: #9
Post Time: 2nd February 2019, 03:51 PM
Poster ID: happyending
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Coco

Establishment :Little Sunflower Massage

Date of Visit : dec 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 16 Devonshire Road, Sunshine, 93126986

http://vic.locanto.com.au/ID_2135650...r-Massage.html

Hours of Business : 9.30 am - 8.30 p.m

Rates : 100.00 1/2 Hr FS

Age :20s

Size/shape : solid size 10

Nationality or Ethnicity : Viet

Services Provided : full

Value for money/recommend? : yes ok for good FS with attractive girl

I have been getting sms from the boss telling me about the girls available, she used to run a house in the area which i had visited a few years ago so i was in the area and went there to check the girls. Coco met me and she was not bad looking with her tits pushed out of the top of her dress i told her half hour and was shown to the room.
I gave her $100 and said FS she left the room and returned with condom. The session started with bbbj the on with dom and  mounted me in cowgirl nice and tight she was performing well and we moved to doggy then standing missionary and when she was tiring finished with blow job and com on tits didn't seem to want cim unusual for viet girls who seem to love a mouth full of cum.


Floor: #10
Post Time: 26th November 2019, 04:16 PM
Poster ID: Cortease
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Coco

Establishment : as above

Date of Visit : 11th nov

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : as above

Phone : as above

Hours of Business : as above

Rates : $100 half hr

Age : early 30s

Size/shape : size 10, solid

Nationality or Ethnicity : asian

Services Provided : fs bbbj

Value for money/recommend? : yes

My experience/comments :

Popped in on lunch break and introduced to Coco, she was in a tight black dress with her tits popping out, heels and a big smile, she ticked my boxes so in i went!

Asked to use the toilet, never again haha! If you've seen it you'll know! Dirty thing thats been installed into a shower, slippery steps and the smallest sink i couldnt even fit a hand it! 

Anyway, back into the room, have over 2 pineapples and ask for fs, she nods and ducks out, i strip and await for her return, she comes in all smiling and laughing and looks at my cock, she grabs it in both hands and and giggles and saying "yummy", to her knees she reaches for some wet wipes under the table and cleans the fella up, then down her throat it goes! Great start with the bbbj as i stare dpwn at those breasts and into her eyes, few mins pass and she stops, tells me to lye on the table and she strips off, decent body for her age with great tits!

On with the dom and a bit more sucking amd she stands next to me, i go for a FIV and its already moist and wet! She jumps up on the table for some cowgirl and i grab a hold of those great tits with both hands as she stares me in the eyes smiling! Switch to missionary, then i bend her over the table for standing doggie pounding away, times almost up and i havnt cummed yet, so she rips the dom off and goes back to bbbj on her knees and slaps my cock on her tits which get covered in cum after a few mins!

She gave a great cleanup and a big hug on the way out, asked me to come back to see her again and squeezed my butt as i left the door! Haha! Seemed like she had a great time as i did, i would be returning if i was in the area again!


