Thread Title: 219 Ascot Vale Rd, Ascot Vale - 03 9004 1477
Floor: #1
Post Time: 21st July 2010, 04:09 PM
Poster ID: grassman
Post Title: 
 219 Ascot Vale Rd, Ascot Vale - 03 9004 1477
				
Post Content: 
hi there new member first post with my first review attach with a little story.. i have had a little game going this past year ..fetish maybe lol i visit once a week to a massage business mostly asian but i go with an open mind do not ask for hand relief just take whats coming .. you would be amazed how many happy endings i have got in melb this year close to 80% 

 a sports massage centre in Ascot vale has been my last visit  saw a girl called christle very attractive chinese girl i went into the typical room paid $70 gave a tip of $30 upfront (cheating a little lol ) and got a great fully clothed  massage she started to rub my grapes before i rolled over so i knew i was in for a happy ending.

   This girl takes to the hj better that anyone i have seen this year and slowed down etc to make sure i cum close to my 1 hr being up.. fantastic !!!!

      Now im not going to say were they are as im sure hj are illegal but lets just say im not letting the cat of the bag here they are every were no sooner one closes another opens in a little shopping strip ......cheers


Floor: #2
Post Time: 30th June 2011, 03:50 PM
Poster ID: 97anoid
Post Title: 
 219 Ascot Vale Rd, Ascot Vale - 03 9004 1477
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : wasn't provided 

Date of Visit : Nov 2010

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Leader newspaper

Hours of Business : Unsure 

Rates : $40/ half hour $20HJ

Age : 40's

Size/shape : curvy

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian 

Services Provided : Massage HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Haven't been back yet, would like to know about anyone else's experience 

In a small strip of shops looks close to a legit straight up massage place at first so wasn't sure what I'd get though I was really just after a good massage. 

Started with a (her) fully clothed massaging my back for about 10 minutes then the she left the room I could hear the her talking with another staff member for what seemed like forever. Eventually the massage continued for another 5 minutes but was different, there was a very good reason for this when I turned over it was a different person??

(I have to say the second girl had a slightly better technique than the first)

Another 5 minutes or so and she as for money for HJ I obliged and got a very mechanical service.

Place seemed to have potential, has anyone else been there?


Floor: #3
Post Time: 3rd July 2011, 06:14 PM
Poster ID: Iva Biggun
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Visited this place about 6 months ago and HJ was offered, and accepted, with no prompting from me. The lady was older and not overly attractive so haven't been back.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 6th July 2011, 08:27 AM
Poster ID: jackjack
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I've been here 2 or 3 times and always felt that the girls have zero enthusiasm.  There are plenty of better places in North Melbourne, Footscray that have been reviewed here.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 14th April 2012, 07:24 PM
Poster ID: Honda
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Yu-yu

Establishment : 219 Ascot Vale Rd,

Date of Visit : Friday 13th of April

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : As above

Hours of Business : 10-9

Rates : Paid $50 for massage and $20 for hj

Age : Wouldn't say, i think mid 30's to early 40's

Size/shape : Skinny, size 8, decent size titties, firm ass and a nice legs

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Massage, HJ and some pussy play

Value for money/recommend? : Not too bad I thought, ok massage with nice slow and sensual HJ

My experience/comments : (Here you must give at least a general description of the experience which you have had - 25 word minimum is required to give fellow members an idea of time spent - 

Shown too the room, exchanged $ and jumped on the table naked. Massage was ok, plenty of touching so you could tell extras were on the cards. Quite a good experience overall. Came the flip and I was as hard as a rock which she smiled at. Started a bit of ball massage and stroking the shaft. then onto the oil for HJ. All the while, I've managed to get my fingers inside her, she was just wearing a g string after stripping out of her pants and then told me I can touch (very limited english). Moved a bit for easier access whilst i was rubbing and fingering her.

WIR: Yeah, it was a good experience might have to see if more is on offer!!!


Floor: #6
Post Time: 1st August 2012, 08:28 PM
Poster ID: leyland
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Visited 29 July

Paid: $60/ 45 mins + $20 HJ

Sign said OPEN but the door was locked mid afternoon on a Saturday.  They quickly turn up and look at me like I am an alien rather than welcome me in.  One OK young Chinese lass, one junkie looking older Chinese lady and a guy sitting at a PC along the left wall who never turned to face.

Right away you know when the owner will not look at you/ your eyes that you're going to get offered some extras (in my experience) so I decided to pay the fee and see how it went.

Went in to room which turned out to be plastered only on outside so pretty dingy inside.  Laid down - unsure if towels on table were clean, and suspect they were not.  Freshly starched you might say!

Massage 5/10
HJ 5/10

Flopped out her breasts, doesn't mind touching but seems conscious of the bloke outside on the PC.  No noise control so in built limits there I reckon.  Perhaps going during the week will get a better result.  Would be nice if they had a radio or some music.

WIR: Maybe, may go back and see what is on offer but if I do not like what I see straight up I will walk as you get better value down the road in Footscray.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 28th September 2012, 10:21 PM
Poster ID: JB
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sophie

Establishment : 219 Ascot Vale Rd,

Date of Visit : Friday 28 September 2012

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : As above

Hours of Business : 10-9

Rates : Paid $70/hour for massage and $40 for nude

Age :  Guestimate mid 30's?

Size/shape:, size 9/10, decent size Breasts, firm ass and nice legs

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Massage, Nude, Daty,HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

In Melbourne for the weekend, unfortunately not at MCG to watch the swans win! after a bit of research realised you mexicans are short of a few opportunities, you need to visit chatswood to see what the opportunities are! Also managed to cock up the Gang bang dates, Website said Friday 26th but todays friday and the 28th, no comment...perhaps it wasn't to be?

So finally despite all the bad press decided to visit 219 Ascot Vale Road, closest pace to where I am staying!

Really no idea what you guys are complaining about, other than the weather which is shit! 

Rocked up, Sophie greeted me as I walked in, first impression was a fairly typical Chinese Milf, shown to the room, as previously stated thin ply board only lined on the outside, not right to the ceiling, towels were clean but perhaps not washed in softly...I paid the $70 and stripped, Sophie came in and proceeded to give me a great massage. It was a firm massage, just what I needed. Was not long though and the signals started, she started grinding her fanny into my elbow and hands as she worked up and down my body. Of course my hands recipricated and applied pressure to her sweet spot as she continued a great massage!
She worked my bum and lower legs and had me rock hard. She giggled as my finger slipped inside her. She took this as a sign to turn me over, the deal was done, $40 for nude, she locked the door and it was on, not sure who's need was greatest, my 5 day build up or hers? She started massaging and working my pole as I fingered her clit, I sat up and faced her and sucked her nipples. As my finger probed her clit. She started squeeling as she came in a rush, pumping hard against me... think she enjoyed the occassion. I lay back down and she continued working my pole when suddenly she jumped onto the table stradding me thrusting her pussy into my face, What was I to do but to bring her to another climax as I exploded onto her face and breasts.
She continued with the massage and I am sure she wanted more from me but alas age won over desire.
Got the full hour plus and even a shower in the back room. Gave her $50 rather than the $40 in the deal, she was more than gratefull.
Will be back before I leave, she is my kind of chinese MILF and if you treat them right they will respond in kind.

Sophie works 6 days, excluding Sunday, perhaps mid week is the best time as not many other customers around and the door bell was not to busy!
Enjoy JB1


Floor: #8
Post Time: 2nd October 2012, 03:53 PM
Poster ID: Elfang
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sofia

Establishment : 219 Ascot Vale Rd, Ascot Vale

Date of Visit : 1st October 2012

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 

Hours of Business : 

Rates : $50 half hour  $70 hour

Age : late 20's

Size/shape : 5ft 4 Cute tight body ..B cup

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian

Services Provided : Massage BBW, Nude

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : On the review of the last punt I made my way to 219..to greeted at the by woman in a short skirt..I asked myself is she the one that is going to massage me ??
Well she was as soon as the last punter left. Off to the back room which was just ok..Oil heater lope sided and at least clean towels. Off with the duds and we began. Massaging and leaning over and I reached out and grabbed her cute tight arse of which she bend over to she me her wares...how could I resist as she did it so well. I asked for nude and agreed on $40..although her top only came down only for me to suck...
Nice fingering and she started on my member which was at full mast. Caressed my balls and worked hard on me commented on its hardness, till I blew. Again commenting on the amount expelled...I know that as others had commented. 

Back to massage and she worked on my back to roll over again and she began to resurrect my member as it came back to life to make orgasm again with a diminished load. Saying how horny I was etc etc.

Massage continued then off to the shower/wash room area which was a bit lacking. Hugged before I left .

She is good at her job, but the fake asian groans were a put off...

Anyhow off to try the next punt...


Floor: #9
Post Time: 18th June 2013, 03:07 PM
Poster ID: funinthevale
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Haven't had any luck at that place last two times.  Maybe I need to tip up front like you did haha!

Tried any of the other places in that area? (Ascot Vale, Moonee Ponds, Essendon, etc.)?


Floor: #10
Post Time: 18th June 2013, 07:38 PM
Poster ID: leyland
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I spotted the old dear who seems to run Star Therapy in Northcote in this place the other day so it may have changed hands or is run by the same mob.  Usually there is an old Chinese bloke keeping watch but he wasn't there when I popped by.  I didn't get a massage as they were busy at the time.


Floor: #11
Post Time: 23rd July 2013, 11:53 AM
Poster ID: mongobongo
Post Title: 
 Sinmathai - Ascot Vale Road, Ascot vale
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Mai/May

Establishment : Sinmathai 

Date of Visit : 16/July/2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 219 Ascot Vale Rd

Hours of Business : 7 days - open from 10 I think

Rates : $50 1/2 hr

Age : Between 40 & 65?

Size/shape : Petite

Nationality or Ethnicity : PBOC

Services Provided : Massage, hj

Value for money/recommend? : Yep, pretty good

My experience/comments : Have visited this little venue probably 30 times over the last 5 years - originally was quite regular, then it changed hands (and a few more times since) so now pop in if I happen to be in the area.

Last week I was greeted by a small friendly, old~ish asian lady - seemed to be the only one on - without asking she said $50, I said ok - didn't really know how long that would be for or what was included but I didn't really mind.

The place is a bit crappy and has cold floors, but it holds quite a few fond memories... Anyway, lady comes in gives a pretty solid, high quality, firm massage - digs into some sore muscles that I didn't know I had - bonus!

Serious part over, she starts sliding her fingers down in to my crack and lightly scratching my balls then whispers in my ear asking if I would like a special finish. Don't think I have ever actually said no to such a question 

A very experienced, talented hand rubs me off for about 10 minutes with a nice climax and very thorough clean up. She goes on to tell me 'no money' because the council has been giving her a hard time and that she understands that a man 'needs a happy ending' at the end of a massage. Couldn't agree more.

Overall, good firm massage with quality un-rushed jerk off - will be sure to drop by again.


Floor: #12
Post Time: 23rd July 2013, 01:11 PM
Poster ID: mongobongo
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Edit to add details:  219 Ascot Vale Road & Pretty sure her name is Mai/May :-)


Floor: #13
Post Time: 24th July 2013, 10:26 PM
Poster ID: jonnyjohns
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lisa

Establishment : Sinmathai ascot vale

Date of Visit : 13 july 2013


Rates : 50 /half + extra

Age : 50 +

Size/shape : not nice

Nationality or Ethnicity : chinese

Services Provided : massage, hand relief

Value for money/recommend? : NO 

My experience/comments : I called ahead and asked "any girls working at the moment" "how are you, yes yes girls" "ok see you five mins". I rock up and at reception am met by this quite old, not very attractive lady. 

As politely as I can i say "im not interested" "why" "because I was hoping to see a younger girl" - I am trying to back out of shop at this stage. "Oh you make me very sad - I do good massage" she says pouting. "Is this included in 50" I say, motioning . "yes yes". ok well i figure it's dirt cheap she asks for cash up front - i hand over 3 20s and she comes back and doesnt hand me the change right away, i know i am not seeing banjo again. 

anyway we get in and she starts a massage - it's quite soft and relaxing but she put the most awful music on during - like that chinese music they play in a lot of r&t places but sounded like it was coming out of an old mobile phone

she was only person in the shop and left to answer the phone twice. at least after the first time she turned the music off. massage doesnt go for very long then she starts scratching and playing with my nuts from behind. "you want wank" she says. "yes sure do" "how much you pay". what i am thinking. "i thought it was included" "no i need a little bit more money" "Ok well take the ten" i say. she starts going "no I want more, twenty" so i say she can just get me my change and finish the massage. at this point she goes "ok this time ten". the hj actually wasnt bad - she used both hands and ran her fingers everywhere during, smiled a lot and seemed to enjoy herself. lets me know next time there FS will be offered. I shuddered at the thought! 

while the hj wasnt bad the whole thing was a bit sad, and at the end she came right out to the door and wwaved goodbye like a chinese grandmother - very embarassing given how busy AV road was that day! 

will not be back


Floor: #14
Post Time: 19th August 2013, 04:38 PM
Poster ID: funinthevale
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I've had fun with a chick called 'Sofia' a few times, but last time I went she wasn't there, just some young chick who freaked out when my hand brushed her leg lolz.  Sofia however is in her 40's I reckon (you cnuts are hopeless at guessing Asian ages XD ) but very enthusiastic - although she seems to follow the same script based on the other reviews I've read.  She also works at a place in Nth Melbourne but I can't remember the name...


