Thread Title: 62 Wright Street, Sunshine - 0421 663 992
Floor: #1
Post Time: 19th October 2017, 01:06 AM
Poster ID: Gravy
Post Title: 
 62 Wright Street, Sunshine - 0421 663 992
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Cici

Establishment : Massage

Date of Visit : Saturday afternoon, early October 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 62 Wright Street, Sunshine. 0421663992 

Hours of Business : 10 till 8 I think, its on the sign outside.

Rates : $100 for 30 minutes

Age : 30ish.  Starting to show her age.

Size/shape : 5'3", slim but not taut, small B cups with ok nipples

Nationality or Ethnicity : PRC

Services Provided : FS in several standard positions, DATY, boob sucking

Value for money/recommend? : Not terrible, but would not return for her

My experience/comments : 
I dropped in on a Saturday afternoon to this fleabag of a house with Massage signage out front. Papasan got me to wait in a small lounge with a TV and a few chairs for about 5 minutes during which I saw two girls getting cleaned up, the better looking one went to another punter.  

After some very limited communication about payment, I handed her the cash and stripped, she put the cash away and we both undressed.  I sat on the bed, she went straight for the dom and cracked it open.  I'm not sure what she thinks she was going to do with it, I was completely soft.  I stopped her by cupping her hands, then bringing her in for a cuddle and stroked her back.  I got a few kisses in, a little bit of tongue, but she pulled away a bit, so I sucked on her boobs for a bit.  She liked that as well as receiving a standing massage on her lower back and glutes and warmed up to me a bit.  

I stood, spun her around and sat her down.  She was too quick for me at that point and got the dom on, I'm about 2/3 hard, and lay back ready for entry.  She seems to be in such a rush.  Instead of going straight in I dropped to my knees and went for DATY as I knew she had just come out of the shower. She consented to this. Clean shaven underneath, neat puss, wispy+ on top. She liked it and after about 5 minutes got very wet, shuddered a few times, then giggled and pulled away.  During this she resisted a few exploratory rimming attempts.

Standing mish, mish, doggy, cowgirl, me sitting on the end of the bed with her straddling.  Reasonably compliant with all this, somewhat energetic but not really into it personally.   After a while I started losing hardness with the condom, so removed it.  She motioned for HJ, I nodded okay, she went straight for the oil. Its cheap baby oil with a lingering smell.  I sat up, got her to do it kneeling in front of me.  Her style is too jackhammery for my taste, so I swapped spots with her thinking for some self service COB.  I can tell she's reluctant to take that, so span her around facing away. Again she is reluctant but once I convince her I'm not trying to go for BBFS, she's okay. She won't let me FIP or FIA. I let go on her back, which she squirms at as well.  She was no newbie and showers in between, so get over it, really.  

I helped her clean herself off with a tissue, which she managed to say thank you in English.

Overall she was fine with garden variety fucking, but try anything different and she resisted.  I didn't try for a BJ, I'd be shocked if she gave a BBBJ the way she was keeping her defenses up.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 19th October 2017, 09:51 PM
Poster ID: Frontloader
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Ahhh. Such a dodgy house and always on tap. Great review. Thanks.


