Thread Title: 91 McIntyre Road, Sunshine North
Floor: #1
Post Time: 8th July 2019, 12:25 AM
Poster ID: Gravy
Post Title: 
 91 McIntyre Road, Sunshine North
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Tina

Establishment : Samui

Date of Visit : June 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 91 McIntyre Road, Sunshine North

Phone : They do not have one. Nothing on the window for it, just name and hours. Girl says none as well, so walk ins it is.

Hours of Business : 10.30 - 8.00pm

Rates : $100/30 minute, inclusive

Age : 35-40

Size/shape :  Size 8, slim, A cups with pointy nipples 

Nationality or Ethnicity : asian, accent sounds a bit Indonesian but I didn't hear enough of it to be sure.

Services Provided : CBJ, FS

Value for money/recommend? : Next.

My experience/comments : 

This shop has a front waiting room witih a doorbell on the interior door to summon the girls.  Couches to sit on and mentos to eat while you wait.  After a few minutes Tina opened the door and invited me in.  She asked how long, I said 30 minutes and handed her $100.  She took it and left the room for a bit, then came back in and stripped off.  That was easy.  I would like to say that this punt was interesting and fun, but in reality it was a pretty average CBJ and FS session.  Tina didn't take the initiative with anything other than to fetch a dom from her stash and to drop to her knees to apply it then start with a very shallow bj.   I got bored so pulled her up for a cuddle and to feel her up, she avoided any kind of eye contact, definitely no kissing.  She was fine with her ass being stroked in the cuddle, and her nipples hardened in response to this.   She broke that up by laying on her back sideways on the table and inviting me in for some standing missionary.   After a while I started to go soft, so switched to missionary on the table. That didn't help much.  I pulled out, removed the dom and wanked off on to her chest. She confirmed my intenion verbally - the first thing she said all session - then quickly put a towel across her underboob to catch the spray.   With that she was off the table and cleaning me up with some wet wipes, then showing me out.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 11th August 2019, 02:16 AM
Poster ID: TheDirtyBeast
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Catalina

Establishment : Samui

Date of Visit : 4/8/19

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 91 Mcintyre Road

Phone : None.

Hours of Business : 10am-8pm

Rates : 100/30

Age : Mid 20's

Size/shape : Curvy. Very Curvy. 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Colombian

Services Provided : FS, CBJ, Anal

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

Popped in here last sunday with a friend and there were 2 girls on. A viet and catalina. Mate jumped on the viet and I took catalina

Gave her 100 got told to undress. When she came back in she told me to sit up so she could play with me better. She likes to grind tease you with her bum and hands. FYI, she has a big rump, wouldnt say it was a fat arse, more plump and south american style, it swallowed my whole hand!!!

She has very nice natural tits, a few tats on her stomach and back and is quite solid without being fat

When she got me hard enough, she dommed me up and gave an adequate CBJ before we switched and I entered in mish. 

She suggested doggy and went over to the stool at the end of the room and bent over, then grabed my cock and guided it to her arse hole, which was a suprise and a bonus!! 

After a bit of anal play, she oiled herself up took of the dom and layed face down, told me to finish up sliding up and down her arse cheeks. TBH, this did absoloutely nothing for me and i asked her to finish me off by hand.

There was no mention of extra for the anal but will go back and see her again.


