Thread Title: All Over Massage - Hatchlands Drv, Deer Park - 0432 081 728
Floor: #1
Post Time: 5th April 2015, 12:32 PM
Poster ID: dko
Post Title: 
 All Over Massage - Hatchlands Drv, Deer Park - 0432 081 728
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Cara/Kara

Establishment : All Over Massage

Date of Visit : 4/4/15

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Hatchlands drive, Deer Park

Hours of Business : 10-9 weekdays, 10-6 weekends (will confirm next visit)

Rates : 30min $50 / 45min $75 / 60min $100

Age : early 40s

Size/shape : 12, C cup saggy

Nationality or Ethnicity : European

Services Provided : massage only.

Value for money/recommend? : 60min option is a bit steep, New shop can be 50/50

My experience/comments : I drive pass this place quite a few times a week and never noticed until Good Friday, with a signage at the back of shop. Stopped at the lights, got down the phone number, this was about 6pm, called up no answer, within seconds got a phone call back. Voice was Asian so that was good news. Asked about opening times etc, said was closed early today cos of public holiday but will open tomorrow, sweet I'll drop by. 

Next morning had to go buy few things at bunnings then on way back home dropped by the place, saw a painter inside working so decided to have breakfast next door at the burger bar. Under $10 for decent sized burger and a cappuccino. 

The burger shop owner went out and had a look at the new shop and few kids hanging outside, so I decided to wait til the burger shop closed at 2pm and come back, I drove home, was only 5mins away so it was alright, came back to the shop around 230, parking lot was pretty empty only people going to IGA. walked in greeted by Chinese mid 20s lady which sounded like the one on the phone. opted for 30min, couldn't justify $100 for 60min. prior to going in room saw a European lady and thought, what the is going on, anyways Got undressed, looked around, on shelf was all necessary essentials, oils, baby wipes,  towels etc.

In came the euopean lady and asked for her name, Cara/Kara. Covered my lower half with a towel, Her type of massage was sensual which  is not my style but just went with it anyways.

Talked about the shop, asked if it was hers, said no it's the lady at the front which is Yoyo. Shop just opened on Good Friday, thats why I saw her on the floor scrubbing in the hallway, noticed few paint stains on tiles and fresh smell to the venue.

The ML  has been in chiropractic for years, started massage few years and now works at this shop part time because she has a 2yr old daughter, divorced. Massage was nearly over she told me not to over work and rest at home and after the massage was over she'll get me a cup of water. Ok. Didnt bother asking for extras but since it's a new shop there is potential didn't wanna pushlimits just yet. Got dressed, took u glass of water, drank it, on the way out Yoyo mentioned that next time I come she will give me special offer if I heard correctly and made my  departure.

I would give this place a second chance but with another ML, this place is literally around corner from me so it's a bonus and could be my go to venue. Didnt get any extras but as it is a newly fresh shop there is definitely potential.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 5th April 2015, 12:33 PM
Poster ID: dko
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
After sitting down typing all this on my phone I might go back and give it another crack haha texted the number who was working. Fanny and Yoyo, stay tuned.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 5th April 2015, 12:42 PM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by dko


Person's Name : Cara/Kara

Establishment : All Over Massage

Date of Visit : 4/4/15
.

"""



Thank you for your review and discovery dko.

Good review.

The Locanto ad, http://melbourne.locanto.com.au/ID_4...n-massage.html





			
				All over relaxation massage - 25

Are u tired?run down?wanna relaxation massage? Now u will enjoy here...
-relaxation massage
-good service
-warm,tidy and clean room
-lovely girls
You will feel no stress,relax,friendly and happy after try our massage.Call and come in to try immediately. We open 7days. We want to see u soon.
Anytime can call 0432081728


Floor: #4
Post Time: 5th April 2015, 08:55 PM
Poster ID: bush ranger
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
DKO, well done what street number is the shop Hatchlands drive, Deer Park


Floor: #5
Post Time: 6th April 2015, 07:44 PM
Poster ID: dko
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
^ not sure bud. its opposite IGA you wont miss it. you turn in from robinsons rd.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 9th April 2015, 04:51 PM
Poster ID: dko
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Yoyo

Establishment : All Over Massage

Date of Visit : 5/4/14

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Hatchlands drive, Deer Par

Hours of Business : 10-9 weekdays 10-6 weekends

Rates : 30min $50 / 45min $75 / 60min $100

Age : 24

Size/shape : 8ish

Nationality or Ethnicity : Hong Kong

Services Provided : massage + rnt

Value for money/recommend? : not her.

My experience/comments : didnt have any luck the day before so decided to call up and ask who was working, fanny and yoyo, thought sweet ill give fanny a go. went inside, greeted by Yoyo which is the owner. got the 45min session, paid up and waited for fanny to come in. unfortunately Yoyo came in but it was still ok since i havnt experienced yoyo yet, just asked where is your workers blah blah.. she called in sick, oh ok fair enough. her massage was 3/10 but it was a good chat about business and what not. on the flip she asked if i wanted to massage anywhere else, so i looked down and said yes i do, and she smiled and said oh yeah i told you yesterday that i was going to give you offer next time ( which i did hear correctly haha ) her technique was also 3-4/10 nothing extraordinary. Also asked about if her other workers will give service, she said yes i will mention it to them but if they dont you can tell them yoyo said you do offer services. sweet, built a little friendship between us. got me over the line after asking her if i could touch which she kindly obliged. she told me to invite all my friends to the shop get business rolling, im like put your ad online etc and told her not to worry there will hopefully be new faces soon 

WIR? not Yoyo, will try again for another ML

edit* oh btw the rnt was included who those who gaf


Floor: #7
Post Time: 9th April 2015, 05:44 PM
Poster ID: tiny tito
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
call in today seen yoyo  same service as Dko had so wont go it to detail as i walked in she said i seen you before and yes she has she worked for Fiona @ Furlong Rd so may be Fanny also worked there as there was a girl there by the  name of Fanny if it is she is a larger girl and not to good on the massage from memory 
also looks like its only a rnt no nude or any thing more 
happy punting
    TT


Floor: #8
Post Time: 9th April 2015, 11:05 PM
Poster ID: bush ranger
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Interesting TT, I recall Yoyo at Fiona's.... Ok massage but for me didn't click.. Business is branching out


Floor: #9
Post Time: 10th October 2017, 03:22 PM
Poster ID: tryhardaussie
Post Title: 
 Katie at Hatchlands
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Katie 

Establishment : Allover Massage 

Date of Visit : 9/10/2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0432 081 728 

Hours of Business : 10:30_8:30

Rates : $80 Hr 

Age : 30

Size/shape : Slim with nice B+ puppies 

Nationality or Ethnicity : HK Chinese 

Services Provided : Massage Body slide of sorts and HJ 

Value for money/recommend? : Had better but worth going back for

My experience/comments : 

I have had this venue on the radar for a little time now and when several WeChat message came through I thought it time that I make the trip to Deer Park.

Its in a small shopping square that has 2-3 take away shops an IGA and a massage studio. It makes sense when you look around. On one side of Robinsons rd its industrial the side residential so lunches and groceries are the go.

Rates here are $50-30min $65-45 $80-60 which is a little steep for the west. Katie greeted me and she seemed ok so into a clean lockable room and negotiated a price.

Extras were $50 top off pussy play but not inside and a HJ. I accepted mainly because she flashed the goods before closing the sale.

I would normally go for 60 min but I was feeling a tad dirty and went for 30min with no pretend massage. Her top came off straight away as did her sarong type dress, this pleased me. I was on my back from the get go so no bullshit and she went for the tackle and I played with the bits that I could. 

She got me hard and I got her wet, which was either skill on my part or she has a self lubricator tucked away as she started pretty dry.

After a while of wet play I had a sneaky slip of the thumb and access was granted....yippee.

A proficient HJ finished me off and the clean up was with wet ones and towel. 

All in all a good job


