Floor: #1
Post Time: 24th October 2015, 07:21 AM
Poster ID: movelikejagger
Post Title: 
 Amy - 288a Ballarat Road, Braybrook/Albion - 0476 861 092
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name :                        Amy

Establishment :                         No Name in Advertising

Date of Visit :                           22nd October 2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : http://melbourne.locanto.com.au/ID_5...AGE-SALON.html

[COLOR=#000000]                                               0476861092[/COLOR]

Hours of Business :                    10.00 am - 9.30 p.m

Rates :                                 $75 - 60 mins, $50 - 30 mins

Age :                                    Early Mid 20's

Size/shape :                        Trim Figure, medium sized natural perky boobs

Nationality or Ethnicity :        Filipino

Services Provided :               Massage, Partial revealing and touching of the boobs and HJ
                                         She does offer nude but extra $'s $100 too much for me.

Value for money/recommend? :  Not really

My experience/comments : )    Business took me to that side of town, so checked the usual online sources and came up with this place. Located the shop easily and parked right out the front. Noted that the area I parked in was 2 Hour limit, but also at peak times it becomes a tow away clearway zone. So if you visit, be aware. Entered the shop and met by Amy. Attractive young filipino with a trim figure. Opted for the 60 min session and paid that at reception.
Into the nicely appointed and very clean room. Amy joins me and commences the massage. She is chatty, in fact as it turns out too chatty, to the point where she would pause the massage to conduct a conversation. Now these weren't short conversations (at least not on her part) and they were heavily slanted to letting me know what a great shop this is and how she is a professional masseur. In fact according to her she  instructs all of the ML's here on massage techniques etc.  I introduce the subject of extras pretty early and this is where I found her very evasive in terms of what I would pay and what I would receive. She had some sort of complicated menu, and what paying a little extra would get you. Nude was on the menu for +$100. I was not that in to her that I would contemplate that amount. I found her quite physically attractive, but this evasiveness, vagueness about what she would deliver and how much it would cost was rapidly turning me off. Finally we settled on +$50 for (what I thought) was topless, touching and HJ.
She continued on with the massage, with quite a few more pauses where she continued to tell me about how popular she was with the punters and some paid her an extra $200 etc, and also no matter how much she was offered she would never do oral/fs etc. Yada Yada Yada and so it went
Ok we finally progress to the "topless"(?) - which to her interpretation was taking off her shirt and leaving her bra on. Then when I tried to feel her breasts she was evasive - apparently if i wanted the bra off and a feel I should have been paying more. (I did say her menu was confusing - well it sure as well confused me)
Anyway as the session progressed, after several false starts she allowed me to get one boob free of its cup (bra still on). It did look and feel really nice, but by then I had had enough. Finally she delivered an ok HJ.
My frustration was that at every opportunity she was trying to hike up the $'s. 

After I came we then had a chat and to a large degree her demeanour changed.
Suddenly it wasn't all about business and she softened and then (to me) she became more likeable, hence more attractive.
In fact if she had been like this throughout the session then there is a chance I may have been tempted for the extra $100.
During our conversation it transpired that she really  hates doing the extras, especially when (she believes) she is capable of  delivering really great massages. But of course she needs the extra $ to send back to the family.  So clearly she is out to make lots of money and quickly. She knows she is reasonably good looking and it would appear she knows some punters are just silly enough to pay these inflated extras.

So if you visit her I would recommend that you either go the low option - ie Massage and clothed HJ for +$30 or you maybe say "fuck it" I will pay the +$100 and get the hamburger with the lot. What the +$100 would get you in terms of what her version of "nude" is and how much touching  you would be able to do, I have no idea. Best to be very clear "up front" what you are paying for and what she will deliver. I must admit when I tried this approach with her she was not only vague and evasive but it seemed to annoy her.  I wasn't trying to negotiate  etc - simply get an idea of what I will get for my +$'s

WIR? -maybe but not for Amy (despite her good looks). I did notice when I arrived that there is also another new shop @ 286a Ballarat Road (ie 2 doors away from this shop). If I were in the area again and the mood takes me, I would be more inclined to sample their services or if the talent was not up to scratch there, then re visit 288a , to see other girls, but not for Amy.
Having said that it would not surprise if some members now visit Amy and report that they had a great session. Underneath it all she seems like a nice girl, but on my visit, she seemed too (obviously) $ oriented to endear her to me.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 24th October 2015, 11:58 AM
Poster ID: tiny tito
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Nono   (i think)

Establishment : R - Tea massage 

Date of Visit : 10-10 -15

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 288a Ballarat Rd 

Hours of Business : 10.00am -9.30pm

Rates : 50.00 30min

Age : late 20's

Size/shape : full figure (not realy fat just biger frame)

Nationality or Ethnicity : Egyptian Africian mix

Services Provided : Massage

Value for money/recommend? : was ok 

My experience/comments :very nice lady a bit chatty but was ok ..easy on the eye..a few tatt's and pearcings (not for me) turned down her extra's way to dear for me 50.00 handy 100.00 nude handy or 200.00 full service way out of my leauge .was planning on going back to see some 1 else but looks like they are all on a get rich quick kick..but she did say she was there to do massage and not to sell sex so if you want it you pay her price ...i think there are 3 girls on most time this 1 ,the Fillo in the preavious review and a Viet (who i'm lead to belive is Yen ex Victoria Prade )
happy punting 
Tiny


Floor: #3
Post Time: 24th October 2015, 03:53 PM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
So the 200$ quote is a deterant fee for fs lol.  How about they just don't offer it.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 24th October 2015, 05:31 PM
Poster ID: WOTAN01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by brauninc


So the 200$ quote is a deterant fee for fs lol.  How about they just don't offer it
"""



However some bunny will, so that is why they still ask.


