Thread Title: Blue Moon Therapy Care - 127-129 Union Rd - Ascot Vale - 03 9372 9517
Floor: #1
Post Time: 10th August 2013, 01:19 PM
Poster ID: myzr
Post Title: 
 Blue Moon Therapy Care - 127-129 Union Rd - Ascot Vale - 03 9372 9517
				
Post Content: 
Persons name: Sandy

Establishment: Blue moon therapy care

Date of visit: July

Contact details: [COLOR=#000000]U10 / 127-129 UNION ROAD, ASCOT VALE. VIC [/COLOR][COLOR=#000000]PHONE: 9372 9517 

Hours of business: 10am-830pm

Rates: $70 per hour, $50 per 1/2 hour

Age: 25-30

Size/cup: D

Nationality: Chinese

Services Provided: Standard massage, no extras mentioned

Value for money: For the massage, yes!

My experience:

[/COLOR][COLOR=#5A5A5A]Rang up the place and booked in for an hour at $70? (Or $75). Walked in the place and was surprised to see the lack of a reception. Out walks Sandy while still attending to one of her customers who has about 10mins left from one of the rooms. Nice looking lady thats probably around her late 20s to early 30s. Fantastic looking rack and curvy body. Paid and waited for the other guy to leave. Sandy was the only one working on that night so. As Sandy finishes up the other customer, she comes out and directs me to another room to avoid customers meeting customers. (Nice detail there [/COLOR][COLOR=#5A5A5A] )[/COLOR]

[COLOR=#5A5A5A]Was told to strip so I took everything off and laid on the table. Not long after that Sandy walks in and towel goes right on my butt. l'm thinking "Probably no extras offered..." as she started the massage. The massage was great actually, just came back from a snowboarding tip so plenty of bruises and Sandy took extra care without being too light on the pressure. No playful hand between the cracks or "accidental" touches however. [/COLOR]

[COLOR=#5A5A5A]As the massage progressed, we got together pretty well due to my proficiency in chinese so overall it was a pretty friendly experience. Unsure about you Aussie blokes tho. [/COLOR]

[COLOR=#5A5A5A]On comes the flip and Sandy continues to work out the bruises on my body with the towel coming on immediately after the flip. Massage continued until times up with no extras.[/COLOR]

[COLOR=#5A5A5A]Pretty good massage, WIR? Most probably as the massage itself l think was worth it, she is also very friendly and makes you feel at home. Establishment is nice and clean too. Will try and hint at any extras next time. Extras are not offered to me this time most probably its because its a new venue that just opened about 4-5 months ago from what l gathered from Sandy.[/COLOR]

[COLOR=#5A5A5A]You guys have any luck at the joint? [/COLOR][COLOR=#000000]


[/COLOR]


Floor: #2
Post Time: 13th August 2013, 09:42 AM
Poster ID: mongobongo
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Similar experiences here - have visited twice, nothing offered other than an above average/pretty good massage.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 30th September 2013, 01:04 PM
Poster ID: JB
Post Title: 
 Blue Moon Therapy Care - Ascot Vale - 03 9372 9517
				
Post Content: 
Name : Doris

 Establishment : Blue Moon Therapy Care 9372 9517

 Date of Visit : 26/9/13

 Contact Details/Address: 129 Union Road Ascot Vale VIC

Hours of Business : 10am to 830pm

Rates : $ 70 hr

 Age : 28 Taiwanese

 Size/shape : Nice body, more Milfish, great English.

 Services Provided : Massage and  HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments :

I was walking home from my previous punt at Green Tree massage in Moonee Ponds and this looked like a brand new legit place so thought I'd try one for the team.
Walked in and met by Doris, friendly enough girl, a language school teacher back in Taiwan, had the looks of one as well....

Asked her how she came up with her name, not many Doris massage ladies that I know of, she said her English teacher gave all his pupils an English name, so it stuck...

Any way, still doubtful as to what service I was going to received, lay down nude and the massage began.

The second enjoyable massage for the day, firm and sensual all in one. 

I turned over and she asked if I wanted anything more, sure what's on offer, just a HJ for a tip. 

She began a pleasurable HJ, plenty of sack and external prostrate work, as a school teacher, she must have done some study.....

Unfortunately for me, being only an hour since my last episode was unable to get me accross the line, but very enjoyable in any case. I am sure if she had let me peel her clothes off as I suggested then things mmay have been different!

Tipped her $20,

We chatted, she commented on men needing this type of therapy, think she was quite enjoying the job,  1 month into a 12 month working holiday, does not really need to work as has a job when she gets home, suggested she a her friend shold come to Sydney...
JB1


Floor: #4
Post Time: 30th September 2013, 01:28 PM
Poster ID: JB
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Well Saturday came and had some more time to kill, not really into AFL, although probably why so many people were in Melbourne!
Wondered back up the hill to see what other gems might be at this store. 
Walked in greeted by Minnie from china, 30 plus, not particularly pretty but seen a lot worse!
Handed over the $70 for the massage and lay on the table, when she returned she patted my bum so was comfortable that something was going to happen...
After half an hour of another reasonable massage turned over and after she stroked my donger and I had suggested she drop her gear she asked in part English, part sign if I'd like a BJ.
Mysteriously a condom appeared and she began a slow BJ as I leant back against the table.
After a few minutes she stood and lay on the table as I fondled and sucked her nipples, her body was quite acceptable and she motioned for me to fuck her.
As I slowly teased her clit with my donger she started to turn aggressive grabbing at me to pull me inside, I grabbed her hair and head and standing with her spreadeagled on the table alternated between slow & shallow then deep & hard thrusts as she quickly started writhing in extacy, as she climaxed the first time she nearly took a chunk out of my fore arm as she muffled her cries, we relaxed for a few minutes then I started the same rythm again, she was wailing around arms and legs till I felt the contractions right thru her body, I rolled her onto her side and gently continued to slide in and out while she lay in the fetal position with both hands clenched over her mouth....

She was spent but summonsed me to lie back down for another glorious hand job, a nice hot towel clean up and on my way for a $40 tip

Noticed that the walls didn't go all the way to ceiling but the doors locked!

A most enjoyable time, very unexpected but that's what punting is about! Think we spoke about 3 words, rest was sign language!
Unfortunately back in Sydney today and will be another year before I return

JB1


Floor: #5
Post Time: 26th February 2016, 01:49 PM
Poster ID: Air Travel
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Anna
Establishment : Well Being Massage Therapy 
Date of Visit : 25/02/2016 @ 1.00pm 
Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 127 Union Rd Ascot Vale 9689 8682.  Home 
Hours of Business : 7 days, 10 - 9 
Rates : 30 mins for $50 + extras
Age : 30's 
Size/shape : Size 10, b - c cups (saggy), furry kitty 
Nationality or Ethnicity : PRC 
Services Provided : massage and HJ only 
Value for money/recommend? : Not really
My experience/comments : 
Called in here on the way into the city for a meeting.  As time was short, I only had 1/2 hr to spare, however I wanted to check this place out.

I could smell this place several shops away as I walked down the road.  Granted it was about lunch time, but it was they were putting on an eating festival or something.  Walked in, and was greeted by Anna.  She seemed to be the only person in the place.  I said massage for 30 mins to which she pointed to the pricing chart on the wall.  Obviously English was not her language of choice, and I knew communications would be limited.

Anyhow, I agreed to pay the $50 for the 30 mins and was shown to a room.  She left me to strip and lie down while she put her lunch away.

She came back in and the started spreading cheap baby oil around, but no real technique.  I tolerated this for a while, but quickly suggested I flip over.  She agreed, but then went straight into a head massage as mini me is pointing to the ceiling doing a cheap Shannon Noll impersonation... " What about Me!"  She got the hint after a while and was quickly down there playing with him.

She made some ego boosting remark about the size as further stated that Asian men are not so big.  Oh but they do certainly work, otherwise how do explain why there is so many of them????

Plenty of oil and off she went.  Hand technique was ok, and would have got me there in the end, but I wanted to see what was under the closed, and after a little coaxing, she stripped to show a set of half saggy titties and hairy bush.  Only allow to touch top half, but she was happy to put a leg on the table and show me kitty.

Got over the line with a minute or 2 to spare, quick clean up (no shower available), paid the tip ($20) and left.

WIR:  There are plenty of others out there for better service.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 3rd December 2017, 11:31 PM
Poster ID: Gravy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Vicki

Establishment : A shop of many names - Lotus Tower, Blue Moon, but you can find it at 127 Union Road Ascot Vale

Date of Visit : 3/12/17

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 03 9372 9517 

Hours of Business : 10am - 9pm, 7 days.

Rates : $50 for 30 minutes, $40 extras

Age : Mid 40's

Size/shape : 5'2", Size 8, large A/small B boobs that are quite good. Smooth skin, nice shaped ass. She is in quite good condition for her age.

Nationality or Ethnicity : PRC

Services Provided : Semi nude BBBJ w/CIM

Value for money/recommend? :  Clinical, no fun once money changed hands.

My experience/comments : 
I received some intel that a previous regular worked here on this day of the week, so I went in looking for her.  Instead I met Vicky, who I found will tell any old lie to get me to stay there. A MILF with a tidy rig in a floral dress alone in the shop, once it was clarified my intended punt wasn't there, I decided to stay anyway, as sometimes you just need to get rid of a 3 day backlog load.  About 5 minutes of massage before she started trying to sell me a $50 clothed tug. I laughed at her and told her what services I had been getting for that price from the ML I went in there looking for.  Her English is awful, so the conversation wasn't productive, I ended up saying to just complete the massage.  She went all snake oil saleswoman seductive, and with a lot of hand signals we finally agreed on $40 for a nude BBBJ. I let her try for about 5 minutes before agreeing to extras, she got less ridiculous with her pricing the more time went on.  Of course she wanted the cash up front.  

After sucking my nipples, she went for the oil, which I stopped her with loud "no no no" and waving my hands and reminded her that she'd agreed to a sexy sucky for me, just like the other ML does.  She didn't get what a body slide was so I dropped that requirement.  She insisted I lie down, point blank refusing to do it on her knees even after I put a cushion on the floor for her.  I then received a clean off with wet wipes and a shallow blowie with her standing next to me.  Her knickers stayed on and she stopped and swatted me away when I tried to lower them.  I thought about offering more money but I was pretty toey and set to blow soon so decided to keep it.  7 or 8 minutes of work from her, occasionally stopping to ask me if I was okay. She responded well to encouragement, but wouldn't switch positions and rejected my request for a 69. A finger in through the side to play with her asshole was tolerated, and I soon came in her mouth for one rope, she backed away like a startled cat and the other five ropes shot off in random directions with no assistance from her.  She acted happy like she'd done me a huge favor, then dressed and gave me a wipe down with a wet towel. During this she was hoicking from the back of her throat, something she would keep doing while I dressed and right up until I left the shop.

She acted like she might be fun during negotiations, but as soon as she had the extras money it was a very clinical experience.  She said she works every day, but answered yes to everything so who knows.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 16th April 2018, 12:40 AM
Poster ID: Gravy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lucy

Establishment : A shop of many names - Lotus Tower, Blue Moon, but you can find it at 127 Union Road Ascot Vale

Date of Visit : 15/4/18

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 03 9372 9517

Hours of Business : 10am - 9pm, 7 days.

Rates : $100 handed over for services listed below

Age : Mid 40's

Size/shape : 5'2", Size 6-8, large A/small B boobs with nice bullet nipples. Great condition for her age, face and hands give it away.

Nationality or Ethnicity : PRC

Services Provided : Instant nude, DFK, reverse, DATY, HJ, FIP/FIA, COB

Value for money/recommend? :  Add FS or BBBJ then yes.

My experience/comments :
I had a quick look to see if Vicki had moved on as I didn't want to see her again, and met Lucy and decided to play the how much can I get from this 40-something Chinese ML game again.  I handed her $100 and said 30 minutes.  She left me in the room to undress, then came back in and dropped her dress and cuddled in for some DFK.  Good start. That soon turned into a bit of reverse with her losing her knickers and bra.  Great little body on her, the onl flaw would be signs of wear and tear on her asshole.  Very responsive to a few minutes of this before flipping her and going in for DATY with some FIP.  Small and tight pussy that is clean and well shaped but hairy up top. Nice little boobs, sensitive to touch.  Came a few times pretty easily with the head clamp.  My turn, she says, and went for the oil.  I asked for BJ, she declined.  I'm not sure if it required more money or its not on her menu.  I lay down for a bit and she went the jackhammer.  This bored me so I sat up and got her to keep going and went for a FIP/FIA combo on her while she worked.  She co-operated with that and came again while standing and still jacking me off.  I got her to lie on the table, positioned myself between her legs and pointed at her boobs for me to come there.  She grabbed a towel and covered her pussy with it and got a bit shy.  I moved the towel down, touched her boobs again, she agreed, I gave both of them a good basting. 

She cleaned both of us up, happy and cheerful, great temperament.  Begged me to return next Sunday.  I said I would if we can boom boom, she said okay.   She's super tight down there, I don't see that working out so well.

Fun personality made up for not getting the BJ I wanted.

Another ML half asleep in their recreation area looked to be in her 50's.

She had a shower afterwards and offered me one, so they do have one there now.


Floor: #8
Post Time: 17th April 2018, 09:30 AM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
It's a shop that has survived for many years, right next to the trusty post office.


