Thread Title: Corissa @ Anesis
Floor: #1
Post Time: 15th June 2013, 02:29 PM
Poster ID: arranger62
Post Title: 
 Corissa @ Anesis
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Corissa Dunlop

Establishment : Anesis Therapeutic Massage

Date of Visit : 12/6/13

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Anesis Therapeutic Massage - Croydon North & Chirnside Park - Corissa Dunlop - NaturalTherapyPages.com.au

Hours of Business : Mon,Tues,Thurs:9am - 8pmWed, Fri:9am - 1pm
Rates : $70/hr

Age : mid 20's

Size/shape : Athletic 5'6"

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : Massage

Value for money/recommend? : Yes (no extras though!)

My experience/comments : I was in need of a massage on short notice so decided to try something new with no expectations. Managed to get an appointment on short notice and headed over. Corissa has a beautifully appointed room in her home with warm clean towels (don't you hate those cheap nasty RNT joints where the towels are thin and grimy?). She was very friendly and gorgeous! (wore tight track pants and a black singlet which showed off some awesome cleavage). when I booked on the phone I deliberately asked for a sensual relaxation massage and clarified that's what I wanted when I arrived. She didn't baulk at the use of the word sensual - I figured she may be open minded enough but as I said - no expectations. I was asked to strip down to my jocks and lie face down - damn! first sign of no extras. I was draped in several warm towels - the one on my legs was tucked into the waist band of my jocks and then my jocks were lowered to expose my bum. What I then received was an incredibly sensual back and glute massage using warm oil, slow hands and forearms. It was divine!!!! I've never experienced such slow hand movements - amazing! She then covered my back and then did each leg separately just exposing enough flesh to do an amazing job. The inner thighs were done but no brushes into the sack area. Time to flip - done professionally with the towel. A pillow under my head and one beneath my knees. The next part had me hopeful again as she did each leg and worked right down the quads and inner thighs slowly and sensually. I moaned a bit to see if we could get a smile at least. Looking at her amazing rack gave me a huge boner but unfortunately the jocks and covering towel didn't make it obvious. I couldn't stand it any longer so delicately whispered the question of any higher level of service. She gave an absolute no even for regulars but wasn't offended. She acknowledged that that is available elsewhere. All in all an an amazing straight massage well worth the $70 if that's all you want. BTW I did a facebook search to find some pics to do a DIY by when I got home!


