Thread Title: Flo Massage - Laverton Vic - 0432 626 976
Floor: #1
Post Time: 9th January 2017, 07:41 PM
Poster ID: Jersybull
Post Title: 
 Flo Massage - Laverton Vic - 0432 626 976
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Amy

Establishment : Flo Massage Laverton

Date of Visit : 7 November 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 25 Triholm Ave Laverton  - 0432 626 976  http://vic.locanto.com.au/ID_8509467...n-Massage.html

Hours of Business : 10am to 8pm

Rates : $50 half hour massage

Age : 35 to 40

Size/shape : Great body, curvy but not fat

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian origin

Services Provided : Clothed massage and tug

Value for money/recommend? : Yes, for me I am very happy with Amys service.

My experience/comments : I saw this place had re opened in Laverton after closing the Flo massage Pine Ave Werribee a while back.
They have a couple of ads on Locanto which is what alerted me to them recently.
I saw Amy a couple of times in the old place and rang and asked if Amy or Winnie were back working. I was being a bit optimistic asking about Winnie as I am in contact with her on Wechat and she seems very happy back with her family in China, but worth a shot, who knows when she might return and start working again.
I was told Winnie was not but Amy was back working so as I was out in the area working on this day, decided to book a half hour with amy.
Rocked up to the new place, entered and was ushered into the room and asked to wait for Amy, about 10 minutes later she walks in, we renew our acquaintances but somehow she seems different, I did not recognise her. Anyway it has been some time since our last meeting, and I see thst many different ladies, she looked fine,  so I paid her the $70, $50 for the massage and $20 for the tug. At the old Flo in Pine ave it was $60 for this service, so inflation has caught up with them I guess.
 I strip and jump onto the table and wait for her to return.
She does a fantastic massage, fully clothed, but thats no problem the price here is much higher than I am used to paying for the nude massage and tug, and Amy actually does a good massage so I am content with this.
After 15 minures or more she starts doing the tease and I raise my arse enough to allow her access to the old fella and balls and she starts a nice sensual playing session, and it is not long before I am ready so I flip for the finale.
She applies some oil and starts a nice slow teasing tug, no jackhammer action here, very sensual.
It is not long before I shoot my load and lay back while Amy cleans me up.
Then she comes around the back and starts giving my neck and head a nice massage to finish, good session over, and on my way.
I am not out this way often and only punt here when working out west so I am not sure how the price stacks up against other venues in the area, but for a very good massage and sensual tug I would recommend Amy and will return to see her again if I am in the area working.


