Thread Title: Hami Beauty - Stephen St - Yarraville 3013 VIC - 0432 086 830
Floor: #1
Post Time: 16th February 2017, 05:16 PM
Poster ID: tryhardaussie
Post Title: 
 Hami Beauty - Stephen St - Yarraville 3013 VIC - 0432 086 830
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Elly

Establishment :  Hami Beauty

Date of Visit : 16/02

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :  Yarraville 3013  0432086830  http://melbourne.locanto.com.au/ID_1...nds-TODAY.html

Hours of Business : 

Rates : 70

Age : 24

Size/shape : petite slight paunch with nice tits

Nationality or Ethnicity : Vietnamese

Services Provided : HJ but not for me this time 

Value for money/recommend? : No

My experience/comments I had read that Ivy ex Flemington was working here so I sent them a text to be informed that Nikki and Elly were working today. Hoping that Elly was a mispronounce of ivy I booked her.
Alas it wasn't Ivy but a short stop with what appeared to be nice rack so having built up expectations I went ahead with a one hour booking.
God conversation but a lack luster massage however plenty of crack and sack play.
I suggested it was hot and she should remove her outer wear but that was a definite no. 
So I flipped and she played nicely with my dick and offered a Handy for $50....shock horror dismay....no top off?
No but can touch. 
At this stage I did have a good cup of what are nice tits but no visual.
Top off? 
No.
In that case no extras please.
I had a shower and left but not before I gently suggested that should she want return customers a more reasonable price for her services would be in order. At the end of the day she is not a stunner and doesn't command a surcharge for stunner appeal.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 20th March 2017, 09:07 AM
Poster ID: Iva Biggun
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Kiko

Establishment : Hami Massage

Date of Visit : 2-3-17

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Stephen St Yarraville

Hours of Business : 10-8

Rates : $50 1/2 hour

Age : Mid 20's

Size/shape : Solid but not fat

Nationality or Ethnicity : Viet/Thai

Services Provided : Massage + HJ

Value for money/recommend? :Not really

My experience/comments : I went to this place a bit about a year ago when it first opened. Kayla is a bit of a star. Alas, she's become too popular and impossible to get a booking with if you act on the spur of them moment as I usually do. Other girls here are all pretty boring from my experience. Unfortunately Kiko didn't raise the standard any. She has a pretty face and looked pretty hot in short shorts and a low cut top. After a competent but no tease massage she asked me to flip and offered HJ. I asked for nude which most of the girls here will do but said no. It was hand job only and she didn't show too much enthusiasm with that. I was able to get a hand up her shorts for a bit of bum play which she neither encouraged or discouraged. She just tried to finish me off as quickly as possible and eventually succeeded. Not even sure if she expected a tip but she took the $20 I offered.

I guess I'm going to have to book Kayla in advance or give up on this place.


