Thread Title: Japanese Massage - 157 Barkly St, Footscray - 0423 340 636
Floor: #1
Post Time: 29th October 2011, 02:25 PM
Poster ID: Narkyorange
Post Title: 
 Japanese Massage - 157 Barkly St, Footscray - 0423 340 636
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Hiromi

Establishment : Japanese Massage

Date of Visit : 28/10/11

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 157 Barkly St. Footscray, 0423 340 636

Hours of Business : 11am - 9pm
Rates : $80 / hour

Age : early 20's

Size/shape : Slim, tall for an Aisan

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian (said was Japanese but looked Chinese or Chinese Malaysian)

Services Provided : Massage

Value for money/recommend? : No (dodgy looking place - 7 visible security cameras!! girls aren't Japanese, crap massage)

My experience/comments : Finally managed to get a booking with this massage place after many attempts to book (saw add in Leader Paper). They always seem to be fully booked and once when I had managed to book they cancelled my appointment because someone had extended 2, 3 hours with the girl who was supposed to massage you. Find the receptionist quite rude and doesn't understand or speak English that well (sounds like a Vietnamese person by the accent). When I arrived, I noticed 2 security camera's outside the building near the entrance, then when I went to ring the door bell, another security camera facing you, I got buzzed in and while walking up the stairs, another security camera facing down. When I got the the reception area, there was another security camera facing towards the customer. I noticed in the office area a computer & monitor with the security camera vision tiled on the screen and also I think what may have been a USB HDD or broadband router (maybe recording the security camera vision). Paid the $80 for the hour and then walked into another room which was the waiting room (which had another security camera). Masseuse Hiromi came in to collect me and took me through another door into the room which had another security camera. Anyway, massage started and I asked for a hard massage. It was a very basic massage by someone that is not trained or has much skills. I asked her where she was from and she said Japan, but I had a feeling she was lying (saw another girl walk past while I was in the waiting room who looked Thai or Philipina but I was told she is Japanese (WTF!). I think her name was 'Maki'. Back to the massage, half way during the massage, she walks out to get some bucket and water to clean the oil off, then brings in some rag which she uses to rub against me (it was quite hot, I think it was warmed up inside a microwave oven). Turned over and she massaged my front legs chest, neck and face. Hour was soon up and I got dressed and walked out (I took a couple of lollies they had on a table in the waiting room, very nice eclairs). Will not be returning mainly due to the poor customer service and massage skills of the masseuse. Also, a place that needs 7 security camera's tells me this is being run by people who don't trust there staff and / or customers!

Am interested to hear from other's about their experience with this place.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 7th November 2011, 10:56 AM
Poster ID: the_enigma
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
They are part of a well known and paranoid massage place ...... as I am new here and not sure of protocol .. I wont name the place .. unless some well respected members here say its ok.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 7th November 2011, 03:31 PM
Poster ID: Iva Biggun
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I tried to get a booking here but no girls available. Then read Markys review and decided it wasn't worth the effort. Hard to imagine a place with this level of Paranoia, and the added rudeness,  will survive in Footscray given the competition.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 7th November 2011, 11:17 PM
Poster ID: Narkyorange
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hi guys, I think they are doing well, always booked out early in the day. About the other place, I have found out from another forum that it is part of the Moorabbin franchise. I heard that they are just as rude and weird as the Footscray branch. Also, I heard from the other forum that the Moorabbin branch have had clients who have caught crabs, hygiene must be very sus, the towels may be infested with lice!


Floor: #5
Post Time: 16th November 2011, 04:43 PM
Poster ID: Pacificbrown
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
The moorabbin shop is tightening up a bit with the 
word getting out about their extras and a bit hit and miss
there nowadays. The big worry is no shower available
for clients or workers. I'd hate to get a later booking with
one of the more popular girls mmm might be a tad crusty!


Floor: #6
Post Time: 30th March 2012, 05:21 PM
Poster ID: wicked
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
This place was linked to the one in Moorabbin, where they are totally paranoid. They have cameras everywhere filming you to a hardrive. Make you put all your belongings in a box with the fear you may film them. They also listen to every word you say in the room. The girls don't have showers and reuse all the towels. Best to be avoided!

The Footscray shop has either changed hands, or has been sold. A google search comes up with this website. http://healthycodes.com They were also offering cheap massages on Groupon. If it's still run by the same paranoid people, I would give it a miss. There are much better options for the dollars.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 8th November 2012, 01:47 AM
Poster ID: max_berek
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by wicked



The Footscray shop has either changed hands, or has been sold. A google search comes up with this website. http://healthycodes.com They were also offering cheap massages on Groupon. If it's still run by the same paranoid people, I would give it a miss. There are much better options for the dollars
"""



This place, if it is indeed Healthy Codes, has gone legit. No more cameras. You get a standard massage for $60/hr.


