Thread Title: Lena - Lenas Healthy Massage, Albion  - 9042 0089
Floor: #1
Post Time: 29th January 2017, 08:48 PM
Poster ID: iceman
Post Title: 
 Lena - Lenas Healthy Massage, Albion  - 9042 0089
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lena

Establishment : Shop 

Date of Visit : 10/01/2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : (03) 9042 0089 31 Perth Ave Albion, Melbourne Victoria 

Hours of Business : 10.00am to 8.00pm

Rates : $65.00 for 45mins

Age : Lena 45

Size/shape : Slim size 8ish.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Viet

Services Provided :Oil massage, BBBJ and FS

Value for money/recommend? : Yes/

My experience/comments : Went to this shop after seeing the new advertising, upon arrival i was greeted by a older Lady, i asked for a massage and what girls she had working, it was early and only one girl was working her name is Lena. Cool paid $65.00 for 45mins and Lena locked the door. So off with my clothes and i laid out on the table whilst she watched, she then proceeded to begin a oil massage that started off pretty well on back and shoulders.waited for her return. Once she had completed the back she proceeded to do the butt, asking if i liked the region massaged, i suggested it was good. Upon starting i asked if she did extras and she was a bit shy at the start, but with further investigation she was simply non translating my English all that well, anyway i got her to complete the legs and a great butt,balls and cock massage prior to flipping. Over i go and i ask for her to give me a treat, she removed all bu the dress at first, and she has a set of eye popping boobs, man made of course but simply nice if you are into the dressage, anyway she started to oil me up a little to get me going as she says,  before she removed the remaining clothing, once she had dropped the gear she has some nice curves and quite a nice mature body, she returned and began to make some eye contact, i chatted about the possibility of a whole lot more, and she said she did not have a condom, given i always carry one, i said i can take care of that. She straight saw the coverage and went straight into some BBBJ, she knew how to suck indeed. another 5 minutes of this and i was going to blow, so i said that she could continue or we try a few more moves. She stopped straight away and told me to move off the table, i guess we were going to get some FS, so on with the dom and i wet her up a bit, as she did not want DATY, and off we go, it was a great ride given she has a lot to like especially those tits, and whilst she did kiss there was no DFK, that was my rule. Prior to blowing she was digging in the nails and suggesting i go a bit harder, which was not translation barrier this time around.

It was all over a few minutes later and slowly exited her, and she said to take the condom and wrapper with me in a tissue, i suggested to her that wasn't a problem. She cleaned me up with hot towels and i felt great, we both dressed and spoke that to come again but be careful who you ask for this extras. A kiss and i was on my way 55 minutes. Anyway glad to share fellas, happy to hear further feedback.

I will return soon.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 30th January 2017, 10:19 AM
Poster ID: tbone
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
how much for the extras iceman?


Floor: #3
Post Time: 30th January 2017, 06:39 PM
Poster ID: iceman
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
She never ever asked, but i paid her $50 extra, so good value.


