Thread Title: Nana - Footscray
Floor: #1
Post Time: 16th March 2018, 11:12 PM
Poster ID: hornykiwi
Post Title: 
 Nana - Footscray
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Nana

Establishment : Leeds St by the station

Date of Visit : 15 March 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Leeds St - Footscray

Hours of Business : 

Rates : 100-30 mins

Age : 28

Size/shape : 8

Nationality or Ethnicity : Malaysia

Services Provided : FS

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : I popped up stairs to my local massage place. I was greeted by Nana and lead to the first room. She asked what I was after and I said FS and she said 100. I stripped off and she returned after 3-4 mins. Nana is from Malaysia and has a beautiful face and great body. She gave me a great massage and soon dom'ed me up after giving me a CBJ. It was funny for she did the old one condom for BJ and one for Sex(similar to Melody that I saw in Sydney tonight). 

The sex was good but I think she was a little reserved. Overall I had a great time and the owner remimbered me and commented how long it has been since I last saw her lol

WIR - There is a stead supply of new girls there so I would see who else is available but I would go back to Nana if no one else was any good


Floor: #2
Post Time: 17th March 2018, 05:54 AM
Poster ID: nextlif
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Do you have a phone number for Nana? You have a habit of not including phone numbers in your reviews. Why is this?

Looking back through your reviews most have no phone number or contact details and you have been asked numerous times to provide them but none are forthcoming.

Reviews posted without a way to make contact are useless to our members.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 17th March 2018, 06:15 AM
Poster ID: hornykiwi
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Sorry I don't have number for her as I just walk to the massage parlour and see whos on. To be fair phoning providers is not something I tend to do when I and Melbourne but only do when I see privates who don't have wechat or when I am in Sydney. I will incude the phone numbers in future if I get them if that makes it easier.


