Thread Title: Oriental massage - 313 Somerville Road, Yarraville - 0451 488 002
Floor: #1
Post Time: 17th December 2017, 11:59 PM
Poster ID: Gravy
Post Title: 
 Oriental massage - 313 Somerville Road, Yarraville - 0451 488 002
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Nancy

Establishment : Oriental Massage

Date of Visit : Dec 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 04511488002, 313 Somerville Road, Yarraville 3013; Opposite Hungry Jacks, next to the Car Wash.

Hours of Business : 10am-9pm

Rates : $50/$60/$70 - 30/45/60mins : my session I handed her $100 for 30 minutes and received no change.

Age : 40 ish.

Size/shape : About 5'4", Size 12 with a bit of padding, not too bad.  Nice face.  B's are a bit saggy. 

Nationality or Ethnicity : PRC

Services Provided : Massage, Reverse Massage, HJ, FS

Value for money/recommend? : It could have been better, self inflicted.

My experience/comments : 
I went in here knowing that the review above this one for Rose wasn't great, hoping I could try someone else.  The front door is locked and you have to ring the bell, standing in the open with a neighbour looking over the road at you from her front porch, and a lot of traffic.

On first inspection, Nancy looked mid to late 40's in the poor light.  I revised this down to about 40 when I got a better look at her later on.

She led me into the first room.  I handed her $100, she took it away, then came back with no change, lost her top and bra straight away, then pointed at the table.  First visit, so I did as I was told and lay down.  She worked on my shoulders and lower back for about 10 minutes, which I was happy with.  Minimal conversation other than introducing ourselves.  When she went to my glutes I arched my back to prevent her redoing the same spots to run down the clock, she started on a leg and I self-flipped and sat up, as there was no point continuing that in what was clearly going to be a FS punt if I wanted it.  

That was my issue, I was mentally up for it, but the necessary physical parts were not co-operating this time.  Nancy was no help as she stuck to her routine and went straight for the condom.  I've been capped with a semi before and have no wish to repeat that, so I blocked her and drew her in for a cuddle instead.  She was receptive to a rub on her back, so I offered her a massage, she accepted and completed nuding up.   I gave her 10 minutes of my best work, with plenty of good feedback from her.   Usually this will help me get up, but not today.  

During this another punter came in, she pushed the door shut and left whoever else was in the building answer the door.  She stopped me as soon as I went soft and sensual, got up and attempted again to cap my semi. I think she would have been happy to go over if the other punter hadn't come in.  I stopped her again and got her to kneel in front of me (hard in the small room) and give me a dry wristy, pointing it at her face.  At first she went for the oil but I don't want oil inside a dom, so stopped her with that too.  She gave it a good shot, but still no luck... got her to use one hand to massage my balls while doing that... that finally helped a bit...  got her to stand up in front of me and fingered her while she kept going... No problem with access and she got quite wet.   She got me up to about 3/4, finally capped me, added some baby oil to the dom then lay back on the table for entry.  She is quite hairy up top, shaven underneath.   

She held on to the dom, after gaining entry I slid in and out of it instead of it sliding in and out of her... so weird... but it gave me enough sensation to get over the line after a few minutes.  I removed the dom and shot all over her belly, no complaint.

I asked for hot towels, she countered with offering a shower.  Desite the place being a bit of a dump, the shower is good and from memory clean, but it contained a used bar of soap instead of body wash.

She was friendly enough, quite compliant when I asked for something or just quietly re-positioned her by moving her around, I spent more time trying to get hard than enjoying the punt, so things probably could have been better if my gear had been in a co-operative mood.  She implored me to come back and massage her again.  If I do that I'll skip hers on me, and see what other fun can be had, as I didn't hit any limits.  Plenty of scope remains though.

Warning, she uses baby oil on the dom for lube.  If you worry about breakages, take your own lube.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 2nd September 2018, 12:34 PM
Poster ID: pancho
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Ad on WeChat today.

For celebrate " FATHER'S DAY", today we provide special offer: $50 for 30 mins including HE.

This is information only, I am in no position to judge the value.

As they say about dangerous dogs and old bitches ENTER AT OWN RISK.


