Thread Title: Royal Thai Massage - 557 Geelong Rd Brooklyn
Floor: #1
Post Time: 16th June 2017, 04:11 PM
Poster ID: Air Travel
Post Title: 
 Royal Thai Massage - 557 Geelong Rd Brooklyn
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lucy
Establishment : Royal Thai Massage 
Date of Visit : 16/6/2017 
Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 557 Geelong Rd, Brooklyn (just back from the corner with Millers Rd) 
Hours of Business : 11 - 9pm 7 days 
Rates : See below $100 all up 30min FS
Age : 40's 
Size/shape : Tall 4-6 with DD bolt ons 
Nationality or Ethnicity : Not sure, Vietnamese 
Services Provided : FS 
Value for money/recommend? : Ok for a pit stop, but no real energy on her part. 
My experience/comments : 

I have been here a number of times before, but only now stopped to get some of the contact details.

The tall Lucy I believe to be the manager, although I think it is only her and one other person that works there.

Lucy has a great tight body, and those of us with a little extra length to give she is able to take it without the usual pushing from the WL.

Be advised that it straight to business for Lucy.  Walk in, get shown to a room, and ask for what you want.  $100 buys FS for 30mins.  Pay her, and she leave to let get undressed.  With me, She returned to find me standing waiting for her starkers.  I think she was in a similar condition in about 60 secs straight.  Lucy didn't allow any feeling of kitty, not DATY (disgusting as she put it), and she was quick to get on her knees for a CBJ.  

The bolt ons are a little too fake in my opinion.  I have some real nice boob jobs done, and the surgeon who completes this type of work is to be warmly congratulated, however Lucy must have got a special Costco surgery job on hers.  Very hard, and too big (sorry to those of you who love the big ones). 

The room, while clean and fitted with fresh towels is small and only has an old wooden massage table.  Accordingly, when I lifted her up and into the table for some mish style, I reckon the people three shops down could hear the creaking.

Mechanical service.  Possible of standing doggy, standing mish, table doggy, table mish and cg were all worked through.  No real effort on her part to get into the event, and so I was happy to lie down on the table myself and finish myself off while Lucy put on a show new to me to finish.

WIR?  Probably not, seeing that I have climbed that mountain, there are others out there.  Lucy is fit, not a bad looked and has a great body, especially if you like to bolt ons, but her lack of enthusiasm really her the experience down.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 16th June 2017, 04:21 PM
Poster ID: Air Travel
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Sorry guys - Paid $100 all up for the experience.


