Thread Title: Sawaddee Thai Massage - 123 Pascoe Vale Rd, Moonee Ponds - 03 9370 7015
Floor: #1
Post Time: 3rd April 2013, 07:46 AM
Poster ID: Elfang
Post Title: 
 Sawaddee Thai Massage - 123 Pascoe Vale Rd, Moonee Ponds - 03 9370 7015
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jesse

Establishment : Sawaddee

Date of Visit : 1 April 2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 123 Pascoe Vale Rd, Moonee Ponds

Hours of Business : 

Rates : $30 half hour $55 per hour Special

Age : 24

Size/shape : Size 8..very nice

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Thai Massage and Relaxation

Value for money/recommend? : Yes for pure therapy

My experience/comments : Driving along Pascoe Vale road I glanced an saw this new thai massage, so I though what the heck..I was unsure so I booked half an hour and later in the massage extended to the full hour. 

Lots of rooms and very clean with a futon mattress with only one with a massage table. 

Jesse a student was very nice and had worked at Lets Relax on High St, Preston.
Her massage skills were great as I chose a hard relaxation massage. I didn't push it as I knew this was not the place.
After the massage I used the nice clean shower at the rear.

For pure therapy, I can recommend this place...


Floor: #2
Post Time: 8th April 2013, 09:38 AM
Poster ID: giveng
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Cat

Establishment : Sawaddee Thai Massage

Date of Visit : 6/04/2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 123 Pascoe Vale Rd, Moonee Ponds - 9370 7015

Hours of Business : 11am-7pm

Rates : Opening offer $55/hr

Age : mid twenties

Size/shape : petite

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Thai and deep tissue massage

Value for money/recommend? : Yes for pure therapy

My experience/comments : I was driving in the area on Sat and I decided to give this place a go, I thought I could not go wrong at $55 per hour anyway. They just opened (3 weeks ago) and they are located almost in front of another massage parlour (that strip of shops next to the car park). You need to leave your shoes at the entrance and then walk the corridor where they have several rooms (at least 6 or 7). I asked for one hour deep tissue massage and waited for my destiny... In comes Cat, your typical Thai girl, poor English, around 1.55cm tall, petite figure, not a bad looker but with hair like she was wearing a mop on her head. Since I like to be clear and direct, here's my bottom line:

What I liked about this place:
1)The typical Thai experience: a good to very good massage, not some crap painting-the-fence massage, with lots of pampering, stretching and hot towels to clean you up
2)I ALWAYS strip naked no matter what, but the good thing is no signs and even the dude who led me to the room didn't mention to keep my jocks on. Very unusual for a true Thai place (in Australia, at least)
3)The masseuse didn't have a problem reaching and massaging my bum under the towel, Thai girls are usually shy in my experience, and they just apply pressure over the towel
4)The PRICE. Massage was probably a good 8.5/10. You can't get anything remotely close to that under $75 these days

What I did not like about this place:
1)Well, obviously, no extras. I even asked about extending the massage for another 30 min relaxation, shelled out compliments, moans, hints... all wasted talent
2)Their special rate offer ends on the 15th of April, so if I want to go back just for a good massage, I need to do it soon


