Floor: #1
Post Time: 1st January 2015, 11:30 PM
Poster ID: CatKnackers
Post Title: 
 Violet Massage - 179a Sunshine Rd, West Footscray - 03 9314 9202 / 0413 313 345
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : YoYo
Establishment : Massage Parlour.
Date of Visit : 01/01/2015
Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 179a Sunshine Rd, West Footscray 
Hours of Business : 10am to 9pm (was told 10pm close tonight, but not sure if it was for the holiday)
Rates : $180/60 naked fs
Age : 28
Size/shape : 5'1", 50kg, a/b-cup
Nationality or Ethnicity : Vietnamese .
Services Provided : massage/hj/bbbj/fs
Value for money/recommend? : Yup

My experience/comments :
Walked into Violet Massage Parlour today on the request of one of the ML's, and waited about 15 minutes in the front massage room for YoYo to get freed up. A gal (mid 30's?) named Nicole met me and showed me to the room, then offered a coffee or water. I asked for a coffee, which was from a single serve packet of instant, and she brought it in someone's coffee cup, then she sat and visited with me while I sipped at it. The reason I'm telling this is because I probably wasn't thinking right, knowing the cleanliness of these places is questionable. That became even more apparent when I asked to use the john, and was shown to a toilet through the kitchen and near the back. I walked in to find a condom floating in the toilet! Have to admit, this was a first for me. Needless to say, I didn't drink anymore of the coffee. 

Finally, YoYo comes in and moves me into a bigger room with a large sturdy massage table. She confirmed I wanted the hour, took the money, and in only a second was back in the room with me. We both stripped down and after a nice hug and fondling, I climbed on the table and relaxed. 

Decent back massage, 6/10, with more firm hand sliding rather than working with the fingers. Occasionally she'd use an elbow to grind out some of the tight spots. Getting to the arse and legs, I start receiving the occasional sack tickle, and now she's rubbing all over with her breasts. Now I know the go, and drop my arms off the table for the occasional leg rub. She moves just out of my reach and starts working the inside of my legs, then spends a good minute rubbing out all the wrinkles in my marble bag. This certainly stiffened other muscles! 

Next she moves to the head of the table and starts on my shoulders. She makes sure she's rubbing her bits all over my head, so I place a hand on each butt cheek and give her a bit of a massage in return. She lifts my head up by the chin and shoves a nipple against my mouth, so I obliged her with a good tongue lashing and suction. Now she's swapping from tit to tit, and when I feel between her cheeks, I find she's good to go. Doesn't take much of this and she's telling me to flip. 

Once I got comfortable on my back, she buries my face with her chesticles while she's stroking my already stiff member. A few kisses down my chest, stomach, and settles in for the bbbj I'd requested. She does have nice technique, and she moves her ass more toward the head of the table so I have great access to her moist bits. By now she's really getting excited... she's as wet as, and really working my shaft. Then there's a pause. I've got my head back and eyes closed just enjoying the entire experience, diddling her hooha, and not really paying attention to what's happening. I figure the longer she pauses, the longer she's going to have to work at it - yay for me! 

Next thing I know, she's moving away from me. I open my eyes and tilt my head up just in time to witness her effortlessly jump up on the table, straddle me, and in one smooth motion, ease down onto me with a very warm and tight snatch, smiling at me with a big shit eatin grin the whole time! I thought, wth?? I checked, and sure enough she had slipped a condom on me... thank goodness!! Apparently that's what the pause was about, and she must have put it on with her mouth, because I never felt when she did it. 

Phew! Now I can relax and enjoy the ride. She laid down on me, kissing my neck and licking my ear, then puts her feet up on my legs for leverage and just starts pounding me. Bloody excellent! This is obviously going to end my experience way too quick, so I get her to trade places with me for some missionary so I can control the pace and prolong this. After a few minutes of slow strokes at varying depths, I feel her tense up and grip down on me from inside, and she's telling me she's cumming. That's it. That's all I got - and pop goes the weasel! 

Get cleaned up, look at the clock and we've got another 15 minutes, so she lays down on the table next to me and snuggles in tight. Feels so nice. After a few minutes of snuggling, I slip off the table and she starts to get up. I tell her "No, you stay put", then I roll her onto her stomach and give her a very nice full body massage. I even give her the occasional tickle and finger drag, paying particularly good attention to her glutes, and the moans and response confirms she's loving it. 

Then came the knock at the door. As we're dressing, she starts listing off her schedule, telling me where she'll be working, and makes sure I write down the addresses and dates. I leave, satisfied we both enjoyed our time.

Happy Punting and Happy Safe New Year, folks!
CK
						



 Attached Images


Floor: #2
Post Time: 2nd January 2015, 08:53 AM
Poster ID: Aperfectstranger
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
That sounds like a top punt


Floor: #3
Post Time: 3rd January 2015, 07:39 AM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Here's the ad from the Viet Times, Violet Massage | Viet Times Australia


