Floor: #1
Post Time: 14th June 2018, 01:38 PM
Poster ID: mikey191
Post Title: 
 "Eva 22yr" - 3/100 Pacific Hwy, Swansea - 0426 929 188
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : unknown, I walked

Establishment : 3/100 Pacific Hwy, Swansea

Date of Visit : June 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0426 929 188

Hours of Business : not sure of opening time, closes at 11pm

Rates : $40 1/2hr, $60 1hr

Age : 40+

Size/shape : bit on the large side, belly, horrible teeth that turned me right off

Nationality or Ethnicity : didn't stick around to find out but if I had to guess I'd say chinese

Services Provided : I walked

Value for money/recommend? : service could be great for all I know but she turned me right off

I was keen to visit my new usual spot in town but it's MEGA conspicuous so daytime trips are pretty much out, so I thought I'd try something new... I'd known of this place's existence for a while but Swansea is a long way from home!  Anyways I found the place, it's at the back of a long strip of shops and actually looks like it used to be an apartment rather than a shop.  Entrance is right next to the main entrance of Woolworths so there's people EVERYWHERE... if not being seen is your concern, you can park on the highway and walk through the arcade next to Ray White real estate and you sort of almost walk straight into it.

The place is a locked door/bell setup so you're left hanging out to dry out the front of a heavily signposted "asian massage" place with people walking past... not great.  Door opens and I'm let in to be greeted not by a 22 year old girl (omg what a surprise /s) but by a quite unattractive 40+ year old lady with very poor english and horribly dark teeth.  I pull the usual "Not after a massage now thanks but maybe coming back tonight, just wondering how much and what time you close" line and high tail it out the door.. as I'm doing so about ten people walk out the Woolies exit together and I'm forced to walk straight towards them as I'd parked in the back parking lot instead of out on the highway.

Nothing happened as I ended up walking, but I've never been able to find anything about this place so I figure a little info is better than nothing.  Not a great setup and at least one of the ladies is far from decent so it'll be off my radar.  If you're from down that way there's a couple of shops in Belmont that are a bit better set up.


