Floor: #1
Post Time: 12th July 2018, 05:06 PM
Poster ID: dsprick
Post Title: 
 1/265 Bigge Street Liverpool - Cindy
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Cindy

Establishment : 1/265 Bigge Street Liverpool

Date of Visit : 12 July 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Entry from Back Alley

Hours of Business : 10am till 6:30pm

Rates : $65 - 30mins

Age : late 40s

Size/shape : size 12, C cup

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : BBBJ, FS, Anal

Value for money/recommend? : Yes / Yes

Decided to try this place out after seeing some reviews since I finish work early. Went up the back way upstairs. Place is rundown  and seems like I was the only one there. 

Cindy answered the door then showed me to a small room with a make shift bed converted from a massage table. 

Didn't ask for how long I wanted to stay, just handed her $65 and the rates from reviews. Went out for about 2 min and then back and started to stripped shaved pussy and firm tits for her age and nice suck able nippers.

Started with bbbj and licking my balls every now and then. Good suction really enjoyed it. About 5 minutes later she stopped and asked condom fuck? Which I was surprised and hinted bbfs is on offer here. I politely reply condom please. Don't feel safe at this point. 

On with the Dom and straight in with Mish and pussy felt quiet nice not loose as with most wl her age and with firm tits I can grab on while pumping away and sucked on her nips which was nice. 

Turned her around for doggy and that felt good seeing my member dissappearing back and forth and decided to be adventurous started poking my thumb in her pucker hole. She didn't seemed to mind so I kept probing deeper and then tried to stick it in. That's when she protested, "no no  you pay extra" I asked how much she said $50. Told her it's too much then she said $30, thought about it told her no. She offered again $20 it's the lowest, what the hell why not. With that she put on some lube and in I went. She had some trouble to start with and I'm not big she didn't seem to like it too much but at that point I wasn't really thinking about her but rather my little guy as I was pounding hard and close to cumming. Within 2 minutes I've unloaded in the dom and stayed inside her for a bit. She said good? Strong!. I laughed and cleaned up got dressed and fixed her the extra. Ended up giving her $50 she said she didn't have change and I felt bad for fucking her ass that hard. She thanked me and told me she works tues to Thurs.

I'll probably see her again if I'm in the area and need some anal action.


