Floor: #1
Post Time: 30th October 2018, 11:07 PM
Poster ID: hank77
Post Title: 
 1/9 Hill St Roseville - 0420 964 062
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Angel

Establishment : Random Chinese massage place

Date of Visit : 27/10/18

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 1/9 Hill st, Roseville

Phone : 0420 964 062

Hours of Business : 10am - 6pm

Rates : $65/hr

Age : 40s

Size/shape : slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : RnT

Value for money/recommend? : No

I happened to be in the area and chanced upon seeing this massage shop that had seemingly popped up overnight; later, when writing this review, i couldn't even find it online nor did i bother getting the lady's phone number as the experience was worse than shit as i'll detail below.

So anyway, Saturday arvo i'm driving around and i see the sign for this Asian massage shop; since i had some time to burn, i decided to give it a go. Parked the car and went in; you have to go down this alleyway and ring the doorbell for the place but when the door opened, there was this sort of average looking Chinese lady (medium height, 30s, A-cups) who initially seemed welcoming but then told me that they were going to close in about half an hour and could only do the half hour. I was looking more for the full hour so said i could come back some other day and book with her for the full hour but she relented and said an hour was good with her.

It's the last mistake i'll ever make; when a WL agrees to a change in time, always expect a crappy service and i should've known better because the massage was crap. Half heated, no effort, heavy use of knees and bodyweight rather than minute details like use of fingers. As for the tackle tickle, it was shit. Tackle ticklesare supposed to be light, not made to feel like someone's fingerprints and all over you with all the sweat and grease and everything on your body. 

But it got worse.

THe handjob was halfhearted and rushed but i came anyway and as i was laying back, soaking in the post orgasm feel, she started to clean me up. And that's where my main complaint comes in.

When a WL is cleaning you up, usually she starts from your cock and balls and works her way to the cum on the table, floor, ceiling etc; oh no, not this psycho WL who started from the table and floor and proceeded to touch my cock with a soggy piece of tissue with my cum and other dirt and shit from the floor. 

I was furious, but contained my anger and disgust.

Somehow, i paid her the agreed $50 and cleaned myself up and left quickly. Sped to a facility where i could hose myself down and scrub myself clean. 

The entire episode was a waste of $65+ $50 and still angers me to this day due to the lack of hygiene and care but as i look back, i suppose that's why it's called punting.


