Thread Title: 108 Tudor St, Hamilton - 02 4961 1668
Floor: #1
Post Time: 27th July 2016, 02:25 PM
Poster ID: GoatyMcBleat
Post Title: 
 108 Tudor St, Hamilton - 02 4961 1668
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Eva (pronounced ee-va)

Establishment : 108 Tudor St, Hamilton

Date of Visit : 27/7/16

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 02 4961 1668 

Hours of Business : She works Wed/Thu.  Think they close at 8 or 9pm.

Rates : $80/hr + $60 extras

Age : late 20s/early 30s

Size/shape : curvy, ~5'5, little bit chubby maybe 55 or 60kg, great tits, B or C cups probably

Nationality or Ethnicity : Presumably Chinese based on her conversation with the other girl working

Services Provided : massage, dry bodyslide, HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes


Haven't been here for a while so thought I'd give it a go, wanted a guaranteed nude HJ and a few other places are hit and miss as to whether the girls will get nude but they always have at hammo.

Bit of a wait this time (first time for that here), get into the room and undress as usual.  Had been shown in by another girl but Eva comes in and introduces herself.. very plainly dressed and a little bit on the chubby side which I'm not usually a fan of but I'm only here for a rub and tug so I'm not worried.  Massage was lovely, started right off with a hard press on my back and up she goes onto the table to kneel on me, got in all the right places.  Five or ten minutes of this and into an oil massage, good strong hands.. works her way down to my bum and legs, plenty of work on the inner thigh (which always revs me up) and lots of nice brushes of the tackle..

Time to flip over and the standard $50 nude HJ here is offered.. she strips down and lo and behold she's got a cracking rack, nice perky brown nipples.. heyooo!  She offers me B2B for an extra tenner which I've never been offered here before, I LOVE a good bodyslide so yep I'm keen.  She hops on top and rubs her tits all up and down my front, kneels in between my legs so I can get a good look then goes again.. plenty of touching OK and her skin is silky smooth.. this keeps up for a while then she finishes me off with a great but unfortunately quick oily HJ, I just couldn't hold it in any longer!  

Session ended up being 45min so she gives me $20 back, oddly this is the second time this has happened here but both times they offered to refund $20 so it's not like they're trying to rip me off... just a bit weird tho.

Will definitely see her again, will remember to rub one out next time so I can get more than ten strokes in before unloading haha.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 27th July 2016, 04:18 PM
Poster ID: WOTAN01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
It is very unusual for a refund like that but good customer relations.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 27th July 2016, 11:15 PM
Poster ID: GoatyMcBleat
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Yeah it was a bit weird... It happened last time there too, the girl finished up and said "oh we were only about 45 minutes... I'll give you $20 back and we'll so an hour next time" 

Got my money's worth both times tho so I'm a happy customer


Floor: #4
Post Time: 24th October 2017, 03:00 PM
Poster ID: mikey191
Post Title: 
 108 Tudor St, Hamilton (RnT)
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Charlie

Establishment : 108 Tudor St, Hamilton 

Date of Visit : few times over the past month or two

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : advertise in the the Newcastle Herald. 0249611668 I think it is. 

Hours of Business : 9am-9pm I'm pretty sure, but best to call first as I'm not 100%

Rates : $80/hr for massage, $50 extra for nude HJ 

Age : mid to late 20s I'd say

Size/shape : tall (5'10 or 11), slim, nice little B cups

Nationality or Ethnicity : mixed chinese/japanese

Services Provided : massage, nude hj

Value for money/recommend? : yep, a reliable go-to option

My experience/comments :

I've been to this place plenty of times and I've recommended it a few times in other threads so I figured it's about time to write a review. I went there a few days ago and saw another ML (which I'll add in a min) but this one is for Charlie, my ol' faithful.

Charlie is a young, quite attractive, Chinese girl in her mid to late 20s. Her service is good if not predictable... Some might call it "mechanical" but I prefer to treat it as "reliable..." by that I mean that if I'm not up for taking a risk on a new girl or establishment, I'll usually go and see Charlie 'cause I know exactly what I'm gonna get. This shop is generally reliable in that sense, the service has been pretty similar every time I've been.

Charlie usually starts off with oil right from the start, so if you're not into oil they'll don't forget to say something early. She gives a good, solid, methodical massage, spends equal time at each spot (unless you've got a spot you want hit hard) and generally gets everywhere. She reserves her tackle tickle for a bit later in the session, but once she moves onto the legs she gets a few good brushes going... She also does this one thing just before the flip where she'll reach into your inner thigh (kind of that crease where your thigh meets your gooch) and gives it a few good runs with her oily hands... This never fails to get me lifting my arse in the air 😂😂

From there she'll flip  you over for a relatively standard procedure nude HJ, she's got a fantastic body and her skin is lovely... Plentiful touching is all good and she's let me go to town on her chest with my tongue, although I'd been to see her a few times before I tried that one on.. She stops short at a finger up the duff but that's fair enough 😂

All in all she gives a good, unrushed, reliable RnT that, while I probably wouldn't call it spectacular, never disappoints and always leaves me walking away satisfied. The one thing I hate about punting is the punt itself, and I always get shitty when I shell out for a massage and it turns out to be rubbish for whatever reason. Not too long ago I had one at a place that heavily advertises as a RnT, yet once the massage was over and I was hard as a rock from a bit of tackle tickle, the masseuse said "OK all done" and left the room!

None of that at 108 Tudor, every time I go there I know exactly what I'm getting 👍👍


Floor: #5
Post Time: 24th October 2017, 03:20 PM
Poster ID: mikey191
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Flora 

Establishment : 108 Tudor St, Hamilton 

Date of Visit : last week

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : advertise in the the Newcastle Herald. 0249611668 I think it is. 

Hours of Business : 9am-9pm I'm pretty sure, but best to call first as I'm not 100%

Rates : $80/hr for massage, $50 extra for sensational clothed HJ

Age : early 40s maybe? 

Size/shape : petite but a little on the chubby side, fairly typical 40-ish Chinese lady's build

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese 

Services Provided : great massage, reacharound, HJ 

Value for money/recommend? : yep, little bit different but great

My experience/comments :

I went to 108 Tudor St last week hoping to see Charlie but I think she only works fri/sat/sun... I was greeted by an ML that's a bit older than the girls usually here, and I kind of considered turning away for a bit, but for some reason I decided to stay and I'm glad I did!

Flora leads me to the room and we handle the money, 80 for an hour.. She leaves and I get nude and jump on the bed, she returns and starts with a dry massage which is quite nice, good and strong (how I like it). While we're doing this she explains this is her first day there, and a few things through the massage indicate this might be her first day in this work (i.e. at one point she actually asks if I want to talk with her or just relax, whereas most MLs will kind of work it out for themselves...)  After five or ten minutes she gets the oil out and works her way around, all in all the massage is great, few little brushes of the old gooch to get me started too...

While I'm still on my front she whispers in my ear, "Excuse me, you want hand job?" to which I reply "Of course!" She  starts massaging my inner thigh and balls, as my hips start to rise she goes for the old fella which is fucking great... Dunno why, but I love it when an ML gives me a sort of reacharound while I'm still lying face down... This goes on for a few minutes and I'm hard as it gets, so she flips me over. Oddly she chooses this moment to ask for the extra $40, hands me my wallet and all I have is a 50 so I give it to her...she goes to leave and get change but I say "No no, later is ok" which she interprets as "keep the 50" lol. She is very thankful and says she'll give me extra special HJ for that, I roll with it. 

She oils my rod up and starts from the side, it's good, nice and slow.. Then she does something  different.. She hops up on the table with a leg either side (straddling the table), puts my legs on her thighs so she's sitting in between my legs, and starts working from there. She tells me she will go extra slow, and we will "do an exercise." lol righto I'm still rolling with it...

She then proceeds to pretty much edge me for about ten minutes.... Rub rub rub til I'm about to hit the fucking ceiling, then stops and rubs my thighs and gooch and whatnot... Lets me calm down, then off she goes again. We get a few rounds of this in and I'm in absolute heaven, when the other ML calls something out in Chinese and after they have a chat she hops off and finishes me off fairly normally. After the little cock massage session though, I fuckin explode and it's all I can do not to fall asleep while she's finishing me off with a head and shoulder massage.

End of the day the massage was great, the HJ was fucking unbelievable, and I floated away on a cloud. The only real downsides were that she didn't get nude (although allowed a bit of titty groping through the shirt) and if I'm being totally honest she wasn't really what I generally consider to be wildly attractive... But the actual service itself was unreal and I'll definitely be back to see her.


