Thread Title: 132 Military road, Guildford - 02 9721 0989
Floor: #1
Post Time: 18th November 2019, 12:19 PM
Poster ID: punter6
Post Title: 
 132 Military road, Guildford - 02 9721 0989
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Tiffany

Establishment : 132 Military Rd, Guildford

Date of Visit : 18 November

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 

Phone 02) 9721 0989

Hours of Business : 10am - 8pm

Rates : $85 - 30mins (FS)

Age : late 20s

Size/shape : skinny, c-cups (slightly sagging), bit of a belly and scar from c-section maybe. 

Nationality or Ethnicity : MLC

Services Provided : bbbj, fs, gfe, dfk, daty 

Value for money/recommend? : yes

My experience/comments :
My adventures today took me towards Guildford ways. Found 132 Military rd and popped in. Mamasan, Tina was a lovely person. She said Tiffany was available. Booked 30 mins. Now there's a shower, but I think it's only for the girls there to use. 
Was escorted to one of the rooms, quite dark and dingy, but pretty clean looking. Only a sink in the corner for a quick wash up. Lol. 
Tiffany is wearing a little black dress and heels. Nothing super sexy, pretty standard. I undress an lay down on the massage table. Yes, only a table and armchair in the room. Tiffany undresses, he has pretty big tits for a skinny girl. I lay down face up and Tiffany slowly gets on top. She starts off with a bit of dfk and slowly moves down. Her bbbj was ok. Good stroking and licking. 
I'm getting super horny at this point, i ask her to switch to 69r. She obliges and off we go. She starts wriggling around and panting. Doesnt seem to be able to concentrate on her bbbj anymore. We switch positions again. Now she on top. She's pussy sliding my throbbing cock, whilst I'm ducking on her tits. She's wet! At some points I feel my head slightly sliding into her wet pussy. She keeps it only that way. We continue this for another 5 to 10 mins. She's getting super horny and so am I. She reaches over for the dom and puts it on. We reposition and she sprawled all over the massage table whilst I'm standing. 
Her pussy feels good. Nicely naturally lubricated. I'm pounding away whilst ducking on them beautiful tits of hers. She lowers herself off the table so its deeper. She's loving it and so am I. We move over to the wall, not many options in this room. I push her up against the wall and enter from behind. Pounding away. We go another 5 mins or so and i blow in the bag. She's shaking slightly and it's back onto the massage table for me. I'm worn out. She cleans me up with some wet wipes and starts a nice massage. It's nothing therapeutic, but it feels nice. I look at the clock and we've been in there for close to 50 mins by now. Tiffany isnt a clock watcher. I feel bad and get up to get dressed. Tiffany goes off to have a quick shower. She comes back in and thanks me for the session. I leave through a side door feeling awesome. 

Tiffany looks: 6/10
Attitude: 8/10
Perfomance: 8/10

Will be heading back here when I have the chance. Happy punting all!


Floor: #2
Post Time: 4th March 2020, 01:39 PM
Poster ID: punter6
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Tiffany (return visit)

Establishment : 132 Military Rd, Guildford 

Date of Visit : 02/03/2020

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 

Phone : (02) 9721 0989

Hours of Business : 10am - 8pm

Rates : 80 for 30mins FS

Age : late 20s

Size/shape : slim with c-cups, average height, she's had some work done since the last time I saw her, fat taken from tummy and injected into her butt! Slight scar near belly button. 

Nationality or Ethnicity : MLC

Services Provided : FS, BBBJ, DATY, PUSSY SLIDE, FIV, DFK, GFE, MASSAGE. 

Value for money/recommend? : YUP

My experience/comments : As earlier stated, I was gonna return. So turned up without a booking. Tiffany was available. Was shown into one of the rooms, it was quite hot that day and the room was a bit stuffy. Only a dan on. Ask if the AC could be turned on. Tiffany obliged. Sorted out the finances and Tiffany leaves the room for a couple of minutes. I undress and sit on the massage table. 
Tiffany returns and starts DFK. It's nice, our hands are exploring each others body. I lift up Tiffany's one shoulder black dress to discover she's not wearing panties. She then kneels down and starts a wet BBBJ. It's good, almost as good as Hanna at 116 Hampden, this goes on for about 5 minutes. She then asks me to lay down on the massage table. She quickly undresses and hops on top. Next up, pussy slide along my shaft. She is wet. I'm sucking on her tits and she's starting to moan. The pussy slide gets more intense. I can feel the head just slipping into her moist pussy. We continue this for another five minutes before I ask to change positions. 
I lay her down and begin some DATY, with the insertion of two fingers in the wet pussy. She's moaning and squirming on the table. She's so wet that her outer lips are drenched in juices. Without any warning she pops up, grabs the dom and puts it on me. She guides me over to the armchair in the corner of the room. Bends over for DOGGIE, I enter with ease as it's really, really wet down there. I start smashing away at her, grabbing her boobs and rubbing her wet pussy at the same time. 
We change positions and I lay her down on the table again, standing MISH. I pump away, pulling her to the edge of the table. It's going in deep.... I keep thrusting away. A couple of minutes later I blow. Tiffany is also in the middle of orgasm at this point. I collapse onto her. We stay like that for a bit. She kisses my neck and holds my tight like we are a couple. It's nice. I dismount her and lay onto the table. I'm wrecked. She cleans me up with some wet ones and starts a nice massage. Legs, then arms, washes her hands and finishes off with a light head massage. I think I drifted off for a few minutes during the massage. She kisses me on the lips and then my dick and says thank you. I get dressed and leave out the side door. Good session. 

Place has a shower but it's only for the ladies, rooms are quite small and stuffy on hot days. There are only 3 rooms in this shop, with signs stating it's only remedial massage available and not to ask for any sexual favours, LOL. 

Happy punting all, and stay safe.


