Thread Title: 1b Joseph Street Lidcombe - 0415 279 788
Floor: #1
Post Time: 21st September 2018, 11:38 AM
Poster ID: girella
Post Title: 
 1b Joseph Street Lidcombe - 0415 279 788
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Kasey

Establishment : 1b Joseph Street Lidcombe

Date of Visit : 19/9/18

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : N/A

Phone : 0415 279788 but there was no answer when I tried

Hours of Business : 10am - 7pm

Rates : $30/30 mins massage, $85/30 min full service

Age : approx 40

Size/shape : 10-12

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Massage, BBBJ, CFS

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

First review for some time as I haven't been punting, but prompted by the mods decided to give this place a try as I was passing the area. Rang the number above but no answer. I saw a flashing 'open' sign so decided to wander in and have a look. At the very least I thought I might get a decent massage. Be aware that this place has above a real estate agent and the entrance is quite public. You go up the stairs and past the real estate office. Oh and there are security cameras so keep that in mind too.

Anyway I rang the bell and was met by an attractive Chinese lady using the name Kasey. She would be late 30s or early 40s and has a nice face and decent figure, She ushered me into the room and asked me what I wanted. I requested full service and was quoted $85 for 30 mins.

Off with our clothes and some nice warm up fondling and kissing. She sat me down on the massage table and dropped to her knees to give a very good BBBJ. On with the PPE and she turned around a sat on my cock. Her pussy was nice and snug. This continued for several minutes before a couple of changes in position and then mish to finish. All followed by a good firm massage.

It was a pretty good session but a real downer was the shower afterwards. Firstly you have to go out via a balcony to enter the bathroom and secondly the shower is in terrible shape. It's one of those flexible hose things which would be OK except there is no shower rose on the end of it. Yep, you are pretty much left to hose yourself off. Perhaps this is a temporary problem and it will be fixed soon. 

Would I return? Probably not. The service was great but the entrance situation and shower are a bit off putting.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 21st September 2018, 09:36 PM
Poster ID: hotwheels1072
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by girella


It was a pretty good session but a real downer was the shower afterwards. Firstly you have to go out via a balcony to enter the bathroom and secondly the shower is in terrible shape. It's one of those flexible hose things which would be OK except there is no shower rose on the end of it. Yep, you are pretty much left to hose yourself off. Perhaps this is a temporary problem and it will be fixed soon. 

Would I return? Probably not. The service was great but the entrance situation and shower are a bit off putting
"""



 I can shed some light on this.....
One of the places I frequent has a shower.....I noticed that the shower head (flexible hose type) had broken and complained....
The mamasan took me aside and explained that the girls deliberately take the heads off so they can douche internally after doing FS.....she has given up replacing them (the shower heads not the girls)..

Second bit of trivia.....I just realised that the woman who runs this place is the same one who owns the place I spoke of...


