Thread Title: 202 Pyrmont Massage  - 202 harris Street Pyrmont - 0426 494 191
Floor: #1
Post Time: 12th July 2019, 04:33 PM
Poster ID: JackCool
Post Title: 
 202 Pyrmont Massage  - 202 harris Street Pyrmont - 0426 494 191
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Victoria 

Establishment : 202 Pyrmont Massage 

Date of Visit : 28/06/2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : centralmassage.com.au

Phone : 0426 494 191

Hours of Business : 10am ~ 9pm/7days

Rates : $80/30 mins $95/45 mins $110/1 hour

Age : early 20s

Size/shape : Slim, Size 6, D Cups 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Korean 

Services Provided : B2B, NHJ, SHOWER TOGETHER (YMMV)

Value for money/recommend? : Yes/Definitely 

My experience/comments : I was feeling lucky today and thought I might check on my WeChat for some shops' daily roster and then a ping (message) popped and it was Penny from the Pyrmont shop! I am feeling lucky indeed! She told me she has new masseuses coming in from Japan, HK, Thailand and Korea.  Choices, choices! I never had a Korean ML before so I choose Victoria as she has one of the hottest photos on roster and booking was confirmed.

Showed up to the shop earlier than booking and I was greeted by Victoria and I was happy as she was what I pictured in my mind of a pretty Korean girl with a doll face that is pleasing in the eye.  Went inside the room to strip off and laid in the massage table as she started to put lotion on me.  I never had lotion used on me for awhile but I'm welcome to it as she used it to great effect for a massage and an awesome B2B slide.  It was an amazing feeling as she used her D Cup breasts pretty well and I was pleased I chose her.  She also has a good personality and no KPS at all. She then told me to flip over so she then proceeded to work on my Little Bro with a lot of lotion, playful teasing, plenty of eye contact and a generous amount of fondling those perky breasts which made me shoot my load in no time.  After the deed was done she told me if I want to have a hot towel or a shower and I chose the latter.  She handed me a towel and went inside the big shower room and to my surprise she joined me in there and helped me dry off as well.  Wow what a a great service from a great ML! This shop and Penny always delivers...

WIR: Most definitely and again to my fellow punters YMMV folks.

Happy punting bros!


Floor: #2
Post Time: 12th July 2019, 06:27 PM
Poster ID: JackCool
Post Title: 
 202 Pyrmont Massage  - 202 harris Street Pyrmont - 0426 494 191
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jess

Establishment : 202 Pyrmont Massage 

Date of Visit : 20-06-2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : centralmassage.com.au

Phone : 0426 494 191

Hours of Business : 10am ~ 9pm/7 days

Rates : $80/30mins $95/45mins $110/1hour

Age : 18-19 yrs young 

Size/shape : Curvy, Size 6-7, E-Cups

Nationality or Ethnicity : Brazilian/Colombian Mix 

Services Provided : NHJ, a bit of B2B

Value for money/recommend? : Yes/Definitely 

My experience/comments :

I took time to look at the shops on WeChat and website last week and noticed it was down.  Hmmmn, I wonder why? Next day went to check it again and found out they moved up the same street.  Also found their new WeChat account that same day. Quickly checked the roster and I was drawn to the Brazilian-Spanish mixed masseuse named Jess.  Chatted with Penny and booked Jess for this week.  Tuesday came and off to check Penny's new shop at 202 Harris St at Pyrmont.

It was a far easier trek than the old shop as it was right at the bus stop on Harris St from Central Station.  Greeted by Penny at reception and gave her the rate for the booking.  One thing I noticed is the place is huge with rooms that are spacious and clean.  Even the toilet and shower is built like a bedroom.

Penny as usual guided me in one of the rooms and it is an upgrade from the previous shop.  Bigger and better in terms of space and lighting.  Clothes off as I waited for my second South American lass from my international ML bucket list. Knock on door and I saw a different lady from the roster(I was kinda expecting it since it wasn't taken at the shop) but nonetheless I was pleasantly greeted by a gorgeous looking, young Latina!

She is by definition a plus sized girl (18 turning in 19 years of age) with a pretty face, a nice smile to complement those nice, perky ECup hugs and a hard, big butt typical of those Brazilian ladies. I am guessing she is a bit shy upon introduction but I began to make her feel relaxed by speaking some of her language which I know a little bit myself.  I then politely asked her to take her clothes off (check the merchandise) and I wasn't disappointed, exactly as advertised!

Her Part 1 was pretty decent for a new ML like her.  She varied her style from hands to elbow and back to hands again.  The difference she did for me was when she concentrated on giving me a foot massage which made me ticklish! For the first time in my punting life have I had a decent foot massage. Next time I am going to ask an ML for one. No TT though which she could pick up from other punters that is for sure.  
I quickly warmed her up as conversation flowed freely into the session. I guess we are ready for Part 2.  She asked me if I am ready I said yes I am and told her I want it slow and steady for Little Jack with a bit of oil in him and she went at it with a good amount of sexy eye contact, teasing and moaning and a bit of Spanish with those E Cups in between.  Her lips were also wandering my neck and body and I was surprised as this part she knew exactly what to do.  Her big butt is so good to squeeze and her breasts so soft and squishy.  She also followed my directions as to how I want the Happy Ending to finish and oh what a finish it was - so good!!

Finished off with lots of tissues and a hot towel to wipe all the excess oil awai.  Thanked and kiss her goodbye and told her for the good service she provided me and might see her next time to which she kissed me backs down said thank you for seeing her.  Thanked Penny in my way out and she recommended Paula, another South American lady to try next week which I gladly said yes!  Walked out of the shop with a smile on my face going home 😀

So guys if you're into big booty and big booby international ML and you don't mind them young and new to the industry with decent part 1 then go see Jess.  You won't be disappointed. Who knows what more she can offer?

Happy Punting Folks!!!


