Thread Title: 224a Massage, Burwood - 02 9715 3988
Floor: #1
Post Time: 21st January 2019, 01:58 PM
Poster ID: TheBigM
Post Title: 
 224a Massage, Burwood - 02 9715 3988
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Carey

Establishment: 224A Massage  
1/224A Burwood Road, Burwood, NSW, 2134

Date of Visit:  13/01/19

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: (02) 9715 3988

Hours of Business: 7 days, 10:00am to 8:30PM

Rates: 45Mins/$45  

Age: early 20's 

Size/shape:  slim, size 8, B cups

Nationality or Ethnicity: Chinese

Services Provided: Massage, nude HJ

Value for money/recommend? Surprisingly yes



This is my first visit to this establishment. I was recommended by a friend a while ago as I remember he mentioning this establishment do hire ML's in the age bracket between early to mid-twenties.

So, I thought I will take the plunge on an early Sunday evening without making a booking. I walked upstairs and was greeted with a young Asian lass who immediately asked me if I wanted a massage, I said yes and we quickly negotiated 45 mins for $45 which is a tad cheaper for a typical suburban massage/R'nT joint. 

Behind me was another Asian Girl who looked me of a receptionist, didn't see any other ML around, I guess Carey was the only available at this particular time. 

The business is actual located on the next level up, more like a 'mezzanine' level rather a 1st floor layout. To my memory, there are 3 private rooms, decent sizes.

Carey escorted me to the nearest private room and was asked to undress and to wait a few minutes. Soon after Carey comes in the room and right after I asked what other special services are on offer, a nude and HJ for $50 which I accepted and paid her upfront.

Carey asked me if she wanted me remove her clothes and of course I agreed. She had a sweet, slim and sexy waistline, I could have eaten her buttocks as there were near perfect shaped!

Although, her Cup B breasts were a bit saggy, but with hardened nipples.

So, I am now laying down and Carey proceeded to massage me which surprisingly was good. Really focusing on my pressure points and pressing adown to my lower back and buttocks. 

Was asked if she could apply some of the cheap arse oil which was ok with me and went ahead with pretty good therapeutic oil massage. Again, surprisingly she knew her strut and was quite enjoyable. 

Now I was thinking if I should have opted the 1 hour option as I was quite linking her massaging skills. However, it was just before the 30mins mark when she provided me with an all ok erotic TT massage and soon after  was asked to turn over.

She applied oil and my little TBM and slowly commenced with a slow tug and focusing on my shaft head which was felt awesome.

I guided her other hand to cares my ball sac which she attended to quite nicely. Asked her to lick my nearest man tit which she obliged willingly, seeking her young tongue licking around my man tit, incredible as it was...!

Then I place my free hand up her crack which she didn't reject, while rubbing my fingers along her private parts her tugging repetitions increased and she lifted up her head and started to slightly groan while I was pressing my finger against her butt hole.

I finally below my load, she kept tugging me until I told her to stop, great climax it was, she asked me if I was 'Happy', I told her 'absolutely'.

Carey provided me with a reasonable dry and wet tissue wipe down. Got up and started to put my clothes back and she mentioned that only Sundays is only her work day at the moment.

I actually gave her an additional $10 tip which she appreciated. We hugged each and I left most satisfying.

Think Big


