Thread Title: 28 hope street seven hills - 02 9838 7999
Floor: #1
Post Time: 26th November 2018, 08:28 PM
Poster ID: Grant12341234
Post Title: 
 28 hope street seven hills - 02 9838 7999
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : angela

Establishment :  seven hills massage ,28 hope street 

Date of Visit : 12/11/18

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 28 hope street seven hills

Phone :98387999

Hours of Business : 9:30am to 8:00pm

Rates : 60 an hour

Age : 32

Size/shape : medium/busty

Nationality or Ethnicity : asian

Services Provided : nude rub and tug

Value for money/recommend? : yes

My experience/comments : been a regular here for quite some time, actually came to visit another girl but she was busy, angela answered the door and had a nice black thong on under a pink dress, so i said sure you will do, she gives a good massage 8/10. For another 50 she does full naked rnt with bodysliding , 9/10.very nice body and friendly too. Definitely recommend.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 19th March 2019, 03:05 PM
Poster ID: harriso99
Post Title: 
 Massage Seven Hills Hope St - Seven Hills, Sydney - 02 98387999
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Honey

Establishment : Massage Seven Hills - Hope St

Date of Visit : 14/03/19

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : sevenhillsmassaging.com.au

Phone : 0298387999

Hours of Business : 9:30am - 8pm

Rates : $60 for 1 hour

Age : 25-30

Size/shape : Slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Massage & HE

Value for money/recommend? : Dissapointingly average 

My experience/comments : Thought I would take a punt on this place on Hope St, as I haven't been before. Just walked in around lunch time without an appointment. Was greeted at the door by Honey who whisked me off to one of the rooms. I asked if there were many girls working and she said she was the only one available. Opted for 60min and proceeded to take my gear off. Being my first time here, I just paid for the hour and played coy about the extras hoping she would turn it on for me. The place is a bit small, dingy, no doors on the rooms just a curtain. I was right near the front door and kept hearing the door bell go off every 5-10min so must have been busy and/or popular. Honey was very friendly, chatty, she gave a nice all round soft-medium massage but she was incredibly slow and sentual, ticking my old fella every opportunity and really getting me a bit hot and bothered. By the half way mark I was really getting turned on, she got me to turn over and I accepted the $50 for naked and HE. I complemented her on how slow and sexy she was playing. She got her gear off, had an ever so sexy tat between her shoulder blades and then all of a sudden the vibe changed to something more mechanical. There was no getting on the table, a tiny little flirting, followed by standing besides the table seeing how fast she could get me off. Along with the fake ahhhh's and ohhhh's, moaning as she did it. Boy was it a major disappointment from the climax it was building up to. We finished with 15min to go and I opted to leave as I wasn't interested in sticking around for another short head/shoulder massage.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 3rd October 2019, 11:29 AM
Poster ID: fever
Post Title: 
 Annie - 28 Hope St Seven Hills - 9838 7999
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Annie

Establishment : 28 Hope

Date of Visit : 19/08/2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 28 Hope St, Seven Hills

Phone :98387999

Hours of Business : 10am-8pm

Rates : 30/45/60 - $40/$50/$60

Age : 30

Size/shape : Slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Massage, NHJ, B2B

Value for money/recommend? : Absolutely

My experience/comments : Annie had been my go-to at Hope St for a long time. Her massage is fantastic, and then the extras are... extraordinary..

It had been a while since I had visited Annie, I rang and booked ahead, which is advisable as she gets very busy.
I buzzed the door and it opened to reveal Annie. She seemed flighty, like she was flustered. She walked me in to the room, money exchanged and I assumed the usual position.
Her massage was as still thorough, but that sense of being flustered remained. Hmmm. With Annie, she is not terribly talkative at the best of times, but on this day she was short, abrupt. She left the room a couple of times.
Finally it came time for part 2.
I won't bother describing past sessions with her, but some of them had gone well and truly beyond what you would consider standard massage shop offerings. On this day, it was still beyond what you would reasonably expect from a small suburban shop, but it was definitely not the Annie I knew. I wondered if it was something I had said or done, then it hit me, she felt warm, like really warm. Her bodyslide is among the best in the business, and even when she's not operating at 100% she is as sexy as they come. Then, she turned around, straddling my chest so I could grab handfuls of her near perfect arse and small, perky breasts while she performed a psuedo reverse cowgirl. Yeah, I was going to last long after that. I'm not loud when I cum, but for some reason Annie nearly explodes my brain. 
She cleaned me up and then asked if I would like a shower. Quick shower, back in to the room to get changed.
Then she looked at me and said "Sorry, no kissing today, I have a cold." Got it, she wasn't feeling well. That explains everything.
Shop usual rate is $40 for NHJ, but I always tip Annie more, honestly is worth much more than that. I have often thought she could, and should, easily work in a higher end shop. I never bothered t ask where else she works, as I know that I would become hopelessly addicted. As it is I have cut down on my visits, as for a while there I saw her every week for months, without fail.
The shop itself is in pretty ordinary shape, and I couldn't comment on any of the other girls as I only ever go there to see Annie. In the past they have had a mix of smoking hot thai girls, milf type chinese, occasionally some young chinese girls too. If you're in the area, it would have the best hit rate of any of the shops.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 20th October 2019, 12:23 AM
Poster ID: qgabs001
Post Title: 
 Lina - 28 Hope St Seven Hills NSW 2147
				
Post Content: 
Massage Seven Hills 28 Hope St Seven Hills NSW 2147
Person's Name : Lina

Establishment : 28 Hope St Seven Hills

Date of Visit : September 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 28 Hope St Seven Hills, Mobile: (02) 9838 7999

Phone : 02 9604 8818 

Hours of Business : 10am till 7.30PM

Rates : $40/30 $55/60 +Extras

Age : 30s

Size/shape : b cup, chubby

Nationality or Ethnicity : MLC

Services Provided : Massage, NHJ, Spanish

Value for money/recommend? : Yes if you like BBWs

My experience/comments :

Finished early from work on a Thursday and gave 28 Hope St a call. Late afternoon and told all girls available. Get there quick fast and Lina greets me at the door. Pleasant, smiling round face, about 5 foot 2. She ushers me in and straight into the room at the end. I ask about other girls but can't remember any of the names, especially after my experience earlier with Kaycee (see below). Lina says, don't worry, i'll look after you .... and boy did she. 

Opted 30 mins as needed to be beat the peak and after the money changed hands away we went. Lina chatted through the medium massage which was mostly tackle tickle, inner thigh carresses and general naughtiness. Getting very warmed up and Lina sensed it. Barely 10 minutes had passed and on with the hot towel and turn over please. She was wearing a loose top with buttons which were undone by now. Push up bra was doing its job and Lina was maximising the effect coming in low and brushing her soft mounds as she went on a frontal, feathery fingers assault. The teasing was the best part and she started a cat bath near my ankles and worked her way up. She blew on my balls and cock and brushed it against her cheek ... a couple of licks of the shaft and now I'm rock hard. Lina sits at the end of the table and starts stripping off her top. She is conscious of her body and I encourage of her to show me more, complimenting and asking her to come closer. 

She eventually nudes up and we have a cuddle and caress. I give her hanging B cups a good licking, getting her nipples hard. She puts my hand on her cooch and I start gently rubbing. She oils her hands and starts a slow, technique laden HJ. She is talking sexy but without that bullshit FOAM type crap others do. I can feel the end coming and moan my approval of her manipulations. Just as I think this couldnt get any better, Lina leans forward and puts my cock between her tits and starts giving me spanish. The sensation plus her sultry eye contact and wicked smile was too much. I blew like a hydrant and Lina expertly used my load to lubricate me futher and keep stroking until i was completely spent. Holy shit!

Clean up and a short head massage followed to chew up the last 5 minutes and Lina said to come back next week for more special times. Unfortunatley work took me interstate again and no Lina no more. Not sure if she is still there. All in all, a great punt and a lesson to never judge a book by its cover. 



NOTE:
Here is an earlier experience at Hope St that put me off for a little while and coupled with work travel, I fell off the punt. Originally posted in the qualifiers but rejected due to it being not 3 months ago but I hope the mods will allow this for background information and if anyone else has had a similar weird experience.



Person's Name : Kaycee

Establishment : 28 Hope St Seven Hills

Date of Visit : 22/05/2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 28 Hope St Seven Hills, Mobile: (02) 9838 7999

Phone : 02 9604 8818

Hours of Business : 10am till 7.30PM

Rates : $40/30 $55/60 +Extras

Age : 40s

Size/shape : a cup, short, old

Nationality or Ethnicity : MLC

Services Provided : Massage, NHJ

Value for money/recommend? : Avoid - strange behaviour

My experience/comments :

So after my experience with cara (see previous post), I ventured out to Hope St again hoping for a similar experience. Unfortunately a punt is just that. A punt. This was one of the weirdest expereinces i have ever had at Hope St. 

KC (not the real KC who is the master at Hope st) seemed pissed off from the off. Sensing trouble I went with a 30 min sesh as Cara, the real KC or anyone familiar was not around. 

The massage was terrible. moved oil around without any pressure. I tried making conversation, asked about who was on and when she started there. She said she's been there for years but i had never seen her before. I said i knew the other KC and Yoyo but she said they had moved on (i know Yoyo has). At this point KC gets agitated and starts checking for god know what under the table. I thought she was after the pillow for turn over time and so proceeded to you know, turn over. 

This is where she went from strange to downright mental. What are you looking for? Where's your phone? (it was in the car) and other weird questions about my clothes. She then throws a towel over my clothes and tells me to go back facedown. Now i'm worried, so i ask why the towel over my clothes? She says to stop oil getting on it. WTF?

Time's almost up so she rushes the hot towel and asks for extras. At this point I am weirded out and want to bail out. But she had taken the extras cash up front and is now undressed. Guess i'll man up and think of England so she can get the job done. I do and she does and i'm outta there faster than a bat out of hell. In my years and years of going to Hope St, never have i ever had an experience like this. Guess I'll avoid paying upfront from hereon :S


Floor: #5
Post Time: 29th December 2019, 08:20 PM
Poster ID: Jamesremus
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Mina

Establishment : Seven Hills 28 Massage

Date of Visit : December 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 28 Hope St Seven Hills NSW 2147

Phone : 9838 7999

Hours of Business : 9:30am – 8:00pm 

Rates : 30  MINUTES ——– $40
45  MINUTES ——– $50
60  MINUTES ——– $60

+ Tips ($50 NHJ)


Age : 30’s 

Size/shape : Curvy 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian

Services Provided : Massage + NHJ

Value for money/recommend? : Average, however the saving grace was that Mina provided a spectacular non-mechanical HJ. 

My experience/comments : I was welcomed by an older lady (mamasan) and quickly ushered to an available massage room. I become quite excited as Mina enters the room, she has a lovely fuller figure. I request a 1 hour massage, arrange payment and promptly undress. Mina provided a great therapeutic massage in Part 1. I was quite impressed as Mina effortlessly removes tension across my shoulders, back and legs. 

I am instructed to ‘turn-over’ and Mina quietly whispers and motions ‘hand job’. I smile in approval and Mina begins to stroke my cock. Mina began part 2 by massaging my thighs and with each stroke she would slowly edge her hands closer and closer to my groin. Eventually I quiver as Mina lightly tickles my balls. Mina provides a fantastic HJ - through the HJ she varied her stroke types and speed and had me blow a substantial load. I must say I really appreciated Mina’s no-rush approach, as there was absolutely no sense of clock watching. 

I was allowed to touch Mina’s body in part 2, however Mina was a little reserved if I tried to kiss her breasts, suck her nipples or rub her clit. I can’t be too critical, but she had a great body and I really wanted to explore it further.

I would highly recommend Mina if you enjoy larger / fuller figure Asian ML who provides a great non-mechanical HJ. 

Enjoy!


