Thread Title: 299 Kent St Wynyard - 0423 674 299 - 02 8283 6575
Floor: #1
Post Time: 17th January 2018, 09:44 PM
Poster ID: notdoingthis
Post Title: 
 Vicky at Wynyard Massage
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Vicky

Establishment: Wynyard Massage

Date of Visit: 23/11/2017

Contact Details: 22/299 Kent St, Sydney / 0423 674 299

Rates: $75 / 30mins

Age: probably 30-35

Size/Shape: Tiny little thing, nice firm tits though

Ethnicity: Thai

Services Provided: B2B/RubTug

Value for money: Definitely

My experience:

Love this place on my lunch break. Close to work, not too discreet though. 

Vicky wasn't flawless but I wouldn't kick her out of bed. She started off a little shy, chatting here and there but nice and genuine. Started talking about some sports we both played and she got a lot more playful. Guided my hands all over her body as she was giving me a solid massage. 

Rolled over at full attention, and she seemed pretty willing. She started grinding on top, brushing her pussy over my cock lightly. Sliding all over me. Good times. I think she would have started riding if I'd asked, but I had to get back to the job. So she started "whispering" on my cock while stroking it. Not what I'm used to but it was fantastic. Shot my load and back to work.


Word of warning though, Vicky was great but it's a real gamble sometimes. Too convenient to pass up though.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 25th February 2019, 08:30 PM
Poster ID: sovereign_72
Post Title: 
 Wynyard Massage - Emmy - (02) 8283 6575
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Emmy

Establishment : Wynyard Massage

Date of Visit : 18/02/2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Remedial, Relaxing Massage in Sydney CBD | Wynyard Massage

Phone : (02) 8283 6575

Hours of Business : 10am to 8pm

Rates : $70 massage + $50 Happy Ending

Age : Mid 20's

Size/shape : Slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Rub n Tug

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments :  I was in Sydney for a concert and my lower back was playing up and I had heard good things about Wynyard massage on all accounts so popped around to see if I could get some "relief". I was ushered into a massage room and a young Thai girl by the name of Emmy came in. She asked if I wanted to pay by cash or credit so I paid for the massage ($70) on Credit and she said if I wanted extras that needed to be in cash. She then got to work on me and it was a great, if somewhat firm and painful massage. Once she finished kneading all the tight spots in my back and shoulders I was asked to flip and was questioned about a happy ending which was an extra $50 cash. I agreed and I must say her technique was quite amazing. She had some extra warm oil and she slowly rub my shaft and then every now and then will extend through the tip which was quite an amazing feeling. I directed her to also spend some time on my balls which she did gleefully whilst still working my shaft and tip. I started playing with her legs and ass so she took everything off apart from her panties and I got to squeeze and caress her hot breasts. As I was getting closer she let me slip my fingers inside her panties to rub her hot wet pussy which just enhance the experience and let to a nice bug cum explosion which she expertly cleaned up with wet wipes and then hot towels. All in all a great experience for only $120.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 2nd May 2019, 07:04 AM
Poster ID: Kingston.Lewis
Post Title: 
 Wynyard Massage - 02 8283 6575 - Anna
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Anna

Establishment : Wynyard Massage

Date of Visit : 12-04-209

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Remedial, Relaxing Massage in Sydney CBD | Wynyard Massage

Phone : 02 8283 6575

Hours of Business : 10am - 8pm

Rates : $90/30 mins

Age : mid 20

Size/shape : A cup

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : HJ 

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

Went for a quick massage on Friday afternoon after I did my research and I came across Wynyard Massage. Never came here before so decided to try. The massage is on the top floor and you will need to buzz before you can get in. After I came in I was greeted by a cute front lady and she asked me if I want to stay and I said yes. She directed me into the room and I asked to meet the girls that available. There were 3 ladies and I decided to go with the cute petite front lady. 

I paid and she asked me to take all my clothes off and lied down on the bed. After a while she came back and started the massage. She started tickle tackle right away which felt really really nice. I have to say she got a good teasing skills. 10 mins in and she started to take off her clothes. She started body sliding my back and moaning in my ear and it turned me on then she asked me to flip over. She put some oil and started stroking my dick. I played with her tities but she said that she didn't really like me to play with her nipple and directed my hand to fingering her. Her HJ technique is pretty good and made me cum pretty fast.

I would definitely come back for her as I love the whole experience.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 6th July 2019, 10:04 AM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
" She proceeds to clean my precious up".  That is a funny term for a penis lol.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 16th July 2019, 07:24 AM
Poster ID: Longdong Silver
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by Bunty4


Person's Name : Cherry

Establishment : Wynyard massage

Date of Visit : 29/05/2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Remedial, Relaxing Massage in Sydney CBD | Wynyard Massage

Phone number 02 8283 6575

Address: Level 2 suite 22/299 Kent St, Wynyard 

Hours of Business : 10 - 8

Rates : $70/hour plus standard extra

Age : Early 20's

Size/shape : maybe 160ish CMS, b cups firm and feel good.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Malaysia

Services Provided : Nude massage, RnT

Value for money/recommend? : oh yes...

My experience/comments : 
Day one of my punting life is about to begin. This forum gave me enough confidence that I would not be disappointed in my attempts to seek happiness in the most raw form as can be experienced.  I was not sure where to start my punting. Decided to walk into Wynyard massage after identifying that it indeed provided 'extra'. There is not much on this forum about this place, that encouraged me further in trying to go out to this place and take one for the team. 

Walked in without booking. At the door was greeted by a slim Asian pretty girl who i later got to to know are Cherry. She asked me how long and I said one hour...she quickly took me to room at far end. While walking behind her to the room I could see a couple of girls entering other room with wet tissues in hand, dressed in short dresses. IN the room Cherry introduced herself and asked me to pay for room fee. Handed that over and she instructed me to get my clothes off and lay on the table as she walked out with my money. When she came I was on table with towel covering my erotic zones. She tapped ont he dor and came in. She was carrying a box of wet tissues and dry ones. Look on her face was of confusion. She asked if I had been there before. I said 'NO'. She asked if I would like hard massage, Soft was the response. she started working on my back and shoulders.  after 5 minutes I could feel her climbing on the table and settling herself between my legs. She asked me if it was OK to move the towel off... sure thing. As soon as she moved teh towel away she laughed pointing to my underwear which was till on. She asked me if its ok to remove it...I was getting somewhere good. IN my head I am screaming YES... and I said sure trying to get up. SHe said...keeping laying and she went about stripping them off...OMG this was all new and wonderful.

She said to me that if i choose there would be extra. That was the word which I waited for with baited breath. I was like now and what do you do in extra. She said it would be a nude HJ for a fee.... who is worried about a fee when you have a nice girl offering you so much. I nodded in agreement and she said I will let you know when we get to that point. Although her massage, which was good, she did tickle and go for a tackle. I was loving it... with 20 minutes to go she said she would get hot towels.wiped oil off my back and legs and asked me to flip over. It was awkward, and she sensed it. She smiled and dropped her dress and in a smooth motion slipped out of her panties. I felt encouraged and with my dong dinging and rocking I stayed on my back. She played with my balls and started to play with my precious. She commented on stiffness and I said this is new. She took my hand and placed it on her body and said 'you can feel me as you like. I gave her cups a squeeze and she moaned to probably encourage me. She came close to me and offer her nipples. I went to town sucking them. Her stokes became faster. I reached to her nice bums and gave it a playful smack. She said 'you are wild' Not sure if it was a compliment, but i took it on board. She kept tugging my penis and started blowing air on it..At one point i though its a BJ...I asked and she said 'NO'... well i did not need one that day..in minutes I came. She cleaned me up and said hope you remember this , don't be shy ask. She gave a couple of minutes of head massage and then asked me to get dressed. 

Handed her the tip and received a warm hug. Big smile on my lips as I leave this place.

Now this joint is a good place were both part 1 and Part 2 have been of quality. I have posted a couple f other reviews for this place. Gents / ladies who go here please post your views. I cannot try all of the girls there.. there are too many
"""




An extremely entertaining review of your first punt. Keep up the good work.  


Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk


Floor: #6
Post Time: 10th February 2020, 10:57 PM
Poster ID: Mike934
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Just as an FYI, I used to visit this place a lot. Was very convenient and fairly discreet. 

However, upon a recent visit, this place is no longer there. There are lots of signs on the walls saying "do not have candles in residency, fire alarms will be paid by tenants".

There were also for rent notices on the door.

Its a shame, this place was great. It had a shower too for before and after the massage.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 11th February 2020, 12:50 AM
Poster ID: Bunty4
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by Mike934


Just as an FYI, I used to visit this place a lot. Was very convenient and fairly discreet. 

However, upon a recent visit, this place is no longer there. There are lots of signs on the walls saying "do not have candles in residency, fire alarms will be paid by tenants".

There were also for rent notices on the door.

Its a shame, this place was great. It had a shower too for before and after the massage
"""



Yep....took away all the nice girls there....never got to ask where they were going to be🙄


