Floor: #1
Post Time: 23rd November 2013, 04:04 PM
Poster ID: punter01
Post Title: 
 3/29-33 Epsom Rd, Rosebery - 02 9697 0397
				
Post Content: 
Hi mate, thanks for this review. Have been meaning to try this place as well as I've been disappointed with other massage joints in the area. Hopefully be able to post my own review of this place soon.

Are the rooms all fully enclosed, ie floor to ceiling walls or just curtains?


Floor: #2
Post Time: 23rd November 2013, 05:21 PM
Poster ID: curly001
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Walls are Just 2 mtrs high but solid & lockable doors.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 22nd December 2013, 12:55 AM
Poster ID: punter01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
@Dangar - I think that punter at the door you experienced is tehre very often. He was there when I went in as well. AN old guy, whitish hair and moustache. He was there the whole time I had my massage talking to the gils in the waiting area. It's a massive turn-off. Don't know if he's a local or something that wants to think he's real popular with the ML's or something. 

Anyway, @Curly - I finally tried this place out and had a very similar experience with Helen as well. Found her massage very mechanical though. As soon as she figures out you're up for some extras the massage basically ends and it's on with the action. And no tackle tickle either. But nice enough girl, great tight looking pussy for some DATY. I also really like that all the girls wear the uniform too.

Not a bad place for a first try. Might try it again soon.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 11th October 2014, 12:40 PM
Poster ID: pinnes
Post Title: 
 Pi- Epsom  Beauty & Massage
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Pi (Thai)

Establishment : Epsom Beauty & Massage-33 Epsom Rd Rosebery

Date of Visit : 13/09/14

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 96970397 

Waterloo massage, Rosebery massage, Epsom massage, Rosebery Epsom Beauty Massage Therapy

Hours of Business : 10.00-20.00

Rates : $35-1/2, $50-45, $60- hour + tip

Age : 24

Size/shape : Slim 6

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Massage

Value for money/recommend? : 

My experience/comments : Have re-discovered this gem and the talent that lies within. Don't let the modest beauty style uniforms that the girls wear deter you, underneath are some rocking bodies, with talented hands.
Pi gives a very good massage, and always seems to massage the inside of the butt cheeks, sphincter quite well which I find very arousing and enjoyable as prelim. Turn over, the uniform is shed to reveal an amazing body, with perfect C cup tits, not shaved but tidy- still don't know why girls don't go nude, anyway knows how to move and work that chasis. HJ was good, slipped the digit in my date and wasn't long before I sprayed everywhere. Very enjoyable, will be back.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 11th October 2014, 12:58 PM
Poster ID: WOTAN01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
pinnes, how much was the tip you gave and how long was your session with Pi?


Floor: #6
Post Time: 13th October 2014, 11:45 AM
Poster ID: pinnes
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
My bad

Session was an hour and tip was $50


Floor: #7
Post Time: 14th October 2014, 09:17 AM
Poster ID: bush ranger
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Good review, I will have to check out Pi


Floor: #8
Post Time: 28th October 2014, 10:09 AM
Poster ID: chad
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Was in the area so too a look.
The entrance faces the open road but sorta is sheltered by a large footpath and railing - so pretty discrete.
There's a cafe a couple of shop fronts down, but far enough for one not to be self-conscious.

What did put me off was the renovations / construction going on in the shop next door so there's a few workers going in and out or loitering outside.
Just a heads up to those who might be a bit shyer - maybe a weekend visit would alleviate that


Floor: #9
Post Time: 13th November 2014, 04:34 PM
Poster ID: Ozcock
Post Title: 
 Roseberry Massage
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Julie

Establishment : Shop 3, No.29 Epsom Rd Rosebery

Date of Visit : 08/11/2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Shop 3, No.29 Epsom Rd Rosebery 9697 0397
Hours of Business : 10am till 8pm

Rates : $40 for 30min massage then extra $25 for handjob and extra $20 for nude

Age : Said 24 looked closer to 30

Size/shape : Chunky size 10, average size boobs

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Handjob and no touching pussy

Value for money/recommend? : No, not at all.

My experience/comments :

Thought i's try this establishment as my regular private girl was unavailable and i was horny. Nice place on entry in Roseberry on Epson Rd opposite Honda dealership. 

On entry the establishment is nice and clean but dont like the gaps between suites near roof line as can hear others quite clearly.

Julie sounded quite inviting when i called hence why i rushed there. Good saleswoman on phone but too robotic for my liking and for a little more can generally get full service elsewhere. As she was so robotic i was slow coming so got her to lie down and then blew fairly quickly over her tits.

As with most of these places real hit and miss as there are probably other girls there that are good value. Probably wont see me back there.


Floor: #10
Post Time: 14th November 2014, 11:44 PM
Poster ID: dragons21
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name:Jo
Establishment: Legit looking massage parlour

Date of Visit:30/10/14

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: Rosebery massage, Epsom massage, Rosebery Epsom Beauty Massage Therapy 29 Epsom rd Rosebery

Hours of Business: 10am- 8pm

Rates:$All up $90

Age:Mid 20s

Size/shape:skinny, curves in the right areas

Nationality or Ethnicity: Asian

Services Provided: Massage, HJ

Value for money/recommend?: GREAT

My experience/comments:

 live in the east and was feeling the "itch" when i thought i would try local rather than my usual haunts in the city/cross or down south.

I tried out Epsom Beauty and massage, a real legit looking place in Rosebery on Botany Road. My mate had been before and said that extras were on the table, so why not? i love the thrill.

I went near closing time (8pm) and opted for the half an hour massage. Paid my $40 and was greeted by Jo who lead me to my room. The rooms looked nice and clean, however the walls were partitions and did not hit the roof..added to the thrill.

I was instructed to take my underwear off when Jo entered the room (buzzing) and she proceeded with a rather thorough massage. During the massage there was small talk, with minor flicking of my hands and balls, before the question i was hoping for came "you like extra baby??".

The deal was $20 for a wank, or $50 for all clothes off, except undies as she had her period, and the wank. 

i took the 50 buck option and helpd Jo to remove her cute massage outfit, exposing her beatiful b cup tits. I proceeded to sit their and suck them as she tossed me off. She seemed geniunley turned on and nelt down as i blew on her chest. 

Great service, great massage, the right ending....all in all a good experience at a hidden gem close to home


Floor: #11
Post Time: 7th January 2015, 04:40 PM
Poster ID: pinnes
Post Title: 
 Claire- Rosebery Mass & Beauty 3/29-33 Epsom Rd Rosebery
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Claire

Establishment : Epsom Rd Massage & Beauty

Date of Visit : 05/10/14

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Rosebery massage, Epsom massage, Rosebery Epsom Beauty Massage Therapy

Hours of Business : 10.00-20.00

Rates : $40 h/r, $55 3/4 hr, $60 p/h + tips

Age : 23

Size/shape : 8 -curves in all the right places and a bum to die for 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Massage + HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Absolutely 

My experience/comments : After a late night and still beaming from the night before getting a massage would be the perfect way to spend my Sunday morning. I head on over to 382 Botany Rd Alexandria and see what talent is on show there. I walk up the stairs to be greeted by a Chinese looking lass. Very pushy she ushers me into one of the rooms (that are fully enclosed) and asks me how long I want to stay. Hold on sister, I say. Who else is available I ask? Nothing worse than getting stuck with second best only to see a glamour on the way out. The total look of distain on her face was priceless, whats wrong with me? she asks, nothing I say but would like to see what else is on offer though all the same- she then bangs on about how I have upset her karma for the day and she won't make any money, bla, bla, bla. She's off in a puff and sends in a Thai girl who was sweet enough- but by now I was filthy on her attitude and politely said to the nice Thai girl, its not you sweetheart, but your colleague has put me in a bad mood and spending money here would not be productive given how I was made to feel. On the way out I let sour puss know I was going up the street to give them my business and wished her all the best for the rest of the day (well something like that). I have returned several times to this shop since, and had nothing but very enjoyable experiences- reviews to come. I digress.
I head up the road to Rosebery Massage, another regular haunt. I open the door and three girls look up at me- Claire catches my eye and I go straight for her. An hour with this angel please. 
Her massage is not great or theraputic by any means, more of a preamble of whats to come. Shes, quite cheeky and is very easy to chat with. Once the massage is finished, a hot towel is administered to my back. To avoid any confusion in these places as soon as I strip and lay down a $50 is left normally under the massage oil so that we are all on the same page of whats expected to come so to speak. The girls wear uniforms in this shop, but once this was shed a beautiful body was revealed. 
Probably b cup titties, shaved box, and a bum that I just wanted to eat out. not big or chunky, legs aren't skinny nor big-no cellulite at all. Pure gold. She leaves heels on- oh my, heaven. HJ starts, I'm hard as a rock, she moans, strokes, my hands wander, over titties, all over her body, on to ass- nearly drop my wad there and then, try for a feel of the snatch, as I fear could be nice and wet- I get a cheeky look, no! and pulls away with a grin on her face. All I want is that kabuse on my face, I settle for a feel of the boobs and one hand grabbing and feeling that smooth as a baby bum. I cant hold on and blow, she lets out a small squeal of delight. She cleans me up and I' m on my way home with a massive grin on my face.


Floor: #12
Post Time: 3rd March 2015, 03:18 PM
Poster ID: bobo13
Post Title: 
 29-33 Epsom Rd, Rosebery - 02 9697 0397
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jenny

Establishment : Roseberry Massage

Date of Visit : 7/02/2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Epsom Rd Roseberry,(02) 9697 0397

Hours of Business : 10am till 8pm

Rates : $60 an hr + $20 he

Age : early to mid 20s

Size/shape : tall, slim, a cup

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Massage, happy ending

Value for money/recommend? : yes

My experience/comments :

Had some time to kill and was in then area so I popped into Epsom beauty centre. This is a beautician/ massage joint.
Very clean with decent girls most of the time. There is signs all over saying no sexual services and from what I hear its not offered to everyone.

Jenny was available a young Thai girl that's pretty but not in a beautiful way if that makes sense. In I went handed over the money and stripped down. Jenny came back and covered my with a towel as I layed on the massage table face first. 
Jenny got started from the feet with baby oil and what a massage she gave. She makes her way yo my back and really gets stuck in but the enyire time towels on me and nothing more than a straight massage is happening.
Jenny asks me to turn over abd holds the towel in a way im not exposed. She starts working the front of my legs arms and everyother part of my body except what really needed a massage. By now id thought all i was getting was a massage and i really didnt mind as she was that good before the million dollar questions came. ' do you want a h/j???? $20 later and the towel has come ogf as she gently strokes my cock. I start to touch her and shes a liytle shy but willing. Shes wearing a padded bra through her uniform but even then she has very small breasts. I have a feel downstairs and she she doesnt resist. Not long before her strokes becomes full on tugging which leads to an explosion all over the place. She cleans me up gives me a peck and walks out the door right on time. The whole process being precisely 1hr. Jenny really knows how to give a good massage and is worthy of a visit just for that.
I have since tried to book her but have been told she's busy every time.
 Seems to be a popular girl and I can understand why


Floor: #13
Post Time: 15th December 2015, 03:07 PM
Poster ID: nparker00
Post Title: 
 Molly - Epsom Rd Massage - 9697 0397
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name:Molly

Establishment: Epsom Rd Massage

Date of Visit:Oct 2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: 3, 29-33 Epsom Rd, Rosebery NSW 2018 Rosebery massage, Epsom massage, Rosebery Epsom Beauty Massage Therapy

Hours of Business: 10am-8pm

Rates:$90 half hour (incl. massage)

Age:Early 20's

Size/shape:Skinny/tall

Nationality or Ethnicity: Asian

Services Provided: Massage/Happy ending

Value for money/recommend?: yes and yes

My experience/comments:

Molly was my first experience of a massage/happy ending and i must say i was pleasantly suprised.

She was in her early 20's, long straight black hair and quite tall (maybe 5'9) slim body and a great ass.
She spoke and was very friendly throughout the entire massage and genuinely seemed to be enjoying herself which always makes it better i guess.
Gave me a very good massage for the first 15 or so minutes, turned me over for a hand job and then back over for another 5minutes to finish the massage.
Would definetely recommend her to anybody and go back. Although i would call and ask for her before you walk in as she may not be available.

Cheers
Nick


