Thread Title: 350 Cremorne - Julie - 0450 528 681
Floor: #1
Post Time: 10th July 2019, 07:59 AM
Poster ID: freshstart_
Post Title: 
 350 Cremorne - Julie - 0450 528 681
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Julie

Establishment : 1/350 Military Road, Cremorne

Date of Visit : May 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://350cremornemassage.com

Phone : 0450 528 681

Hours of Business : 10am - 8pm, Open 7 Days

Rates : $50 - 45mins + Tip

Age : Mid 20s

Size/shape : Thin

Nationality or Ethnicity : Vietnamese

Services Provided : B2B + NHJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

Popped in one morning without a booking and was warmly greeted by Julie, who prompted sent me into one of the massage rooms. The place is nice and clean, and the massage rooms have mirrors which is always a plus. Undressed and onto the table, an acceptable pt 1 commences. As I was feeling a little sore, I asked for a harder massage but perhaps that was a little ambitious. The massage was nothing to write home about but she seemed eager to do her best which was good enough for me. Small talk was limited as her english wasn't the best but she is very friendly overall. A couple phone call interruptions from her boss made for a slightly disjointed part 1, but she was very apologetic and I had her full attention by part 2.

Part 2 was excellent. Started off with a thorough B2B and catbath which was slow and sensual, including little whispers in my ear and some neck kisses. It was a tremendous sight in the mirror. She does not possess big breasts but still uses them very sensually. On the flip, she took her time and delivered a great ending while feeding her breasts to me. Was a great experience overall.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 25th October 2019, 02:37 PM
Poster ID: fever
Post Title: 
 Julie - Saigon Princess (Cremorne) - 0449 725 197
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Julie

Establishment : Saigon Princess (Cremorne, works both shops)

Date of Visit : 25/10/19

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 350 Military Rd, Cremorne

Phone : 0449725197

Hours of Business : 10-8

Rates : $60/hr + tips

Age : 30(?) maybe

Size/shape : Small, petite, I guess around 160cm and size 6

Nationality or Ethnicity : Vietnamese

Services Provided : Massage, B2B, nhj

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : I was going to be in the lower North Shore today, and so I thought I'd give Jessie a quick wechat to see who would be on in Cremorne. After she told me about it the other day I had been curious to go and have a look.
Jessie told me Alisha and Julie would be on, but Julie would be available at the time I was looking for. Fine by me. 
I drove down and foolishly forgot to go the backstreet to Cremorne instead of Military Rd. Traffic is bad, but not horrendous, and I find a free park quite easily, I walk in to the shop and see a girl sitting at the desk.
"Julie?"
"Yes, Jessie said you would be coming, how long would you like to stay?" I book the hr and off to the room we go.

Now I have a confession to make, I am suffering a little from sleep deprivation at the moment, which makes me equal parts horny, and grumpy. Yeah, I'm a fucking delight. Recently I have taken to burning the candle at both ends, and finding it gives off quite a lovely light, but of course there's a price to pay and I am well and truly paying it now. To make matters worse it takes an eternity to get me over the line in this state. I forgot about that. I mean I take a little while at the best of times, but I become a ml's worst nightmare. More on that later.

Julie looks to me about 30, admittedly with asian girls it can be difficult to tell. Anyway, she's attractive without being drop-dead gorgeous. Cute. She could easily be a cute mum from school you've been eyeing up at school pick up. I digress.
Julie asks how I would like my massage, "Medium-soft please.". She oils up and gets to work, she uses her hands, and elbows, crawling all over me and the bed like a cat. Big thumbs up for technique as it is quite sensual. Again, quite early in the piece it is established that extras would be appreciated. We chat a little, not heaps, my brain is a bit muddled, and I keep getting distracted by my own thoughts. 
Julie goes off to fetch the towels, wipes me down, and then prepares for part 2.

Julie started off with the catbath, kissing my back, neck, ears and so forth, with nice gentle tickles/strokes all over. I do enjoy a good tickle. Soon, she asked me to flip and proceeded to give more of the same on the front before reaching for the oil and starting with a nice slow hj. It was after a few minutes she upped the tempo but noticed I wasn't getting closer to the finish line.
To say she is service oriented is an understatement. Other girls might well have told me to finish myself off while they deal with wrist rsi, but Julie was determined to get the job done. We changed position maybe 6 times. Her on top, next to me, standing, reverse cowgirl and so on. Fast, slow, varied, I was on the brink a couple of times but it just wasn't happening. Julie jumped on and started grinding, rhythmically, hmm now we're getting somewhere, finally she stood next to me and delivered the most perfectly paced hj for the situation that when I finally did get over the line, it was quite the fireworks display.

Julie cleaned me, and everything else, up, we dressed and it was time to head off. As I left Alisha was waiting in the reception, she smiled sweetly and wished me a good day, as did Julie as she walked me to the door. She was probably glad to see the back of me but she certainly didn't show it, she was sweet and friendly from start to finish.

Would I return to see Julie? Sure, next time I'll make sure I am well rested so as to make the experience more enjoyable for all.
Would I return to Cremorne? Absolutely, the premises are huge, really decent sized rooms, and very nicely fitted out from what I would see. If the girls are all like Julie, Alisha and Sophia, you can't go wrong I would suggest.

For now I am going to Zombie my way through the day before faceplanting on the pillow later tonight. Julie has certainly taken the edge off and made me far more pleasant to be around, for that she deserves a community service award. 

Happy punting gentlemen.


