Thread Title: 447 King St, Newtown - 02 9519 4555
Floor: #1
Post Time: 2nd December 2013, 09:37 AM
Poster ID: intensly
Post Title: 
 447 King St, Newtown - 02 9519 4555
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Spring

Establishment : Chinese massage

Date of Visit : 23/9/2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 447 king street newtown

Hours of Business : Till 9pm

Rates : $30 massage , $30 tip for extras

Age : 24 

Size/shape : Slim, B cup

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese 

Services Provided : Bad massage , hj with cloth

Value for money/recommend? : No not really

I called before i go there and booked happy ending or extra service , When i get there i asked can i see the girls because i like to pick which is i like , She said yes and i waited 10 minutes alone and one girl show up name Spring , It was obvious she didnt have any experience i asked hj she said no first and i had to push more to get one with paying extra , i asked her clothes she didnt take them off so it was bad experience


Floor: #2
Post Time: 2nd December 2013, 11:47 AM
Poster ID: Jack Kerouac
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hi intensly,

When you go to a massage shop all you can really expect to get is a message. In a massage shop the lady and not you determines what is offered.

If you want a guarantee of more you need to go to a brothel.

Jack


Floor: #3
Post Time: 2nd December 2013, 08:59 PM
Poster ID: Mr Crash and Burn
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
HJ with cloth!!

so rare it should be a collectors item


Floor: #4
Post Time: 2nd December 2013, 10:01 PM
Poster ID: DrBob
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Maybe he means clothes?


Floor: #5
Post Time: 12th December 2013, 10:06 AM
Poster ID: intensly
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Jack what are you expecting when you go to this kind of massage place? Friendly , ....... and sexy time without sex  or sometimes with sex depends on person anyway so it doesnt work with her all clothes on and not friendly at all , so why i should recommend her ?


Floor: #6
Post Time: 12th December 2013, 01:55 PM
Poster ID: Jack Kerouac
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
What I expect when I go to a massage parlour is some sort of massage.

Anything else is at the discretion of the lady.

If I want more then the minimum massage I go to a brothel.

What I have just described we can call Punting 101.

Jack


Floor: #7
Post Time: 12th December 2013, 04:01 PM
Poster ID: WOTAN01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I agree Jack, that is the core service.


Floor: #8
Post Time: 20th October 2014, 12:20 PM
Poster ID: pinnes
Post Title: 
 Maggie- Newtown Chinese Massage 447 King St
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Maggie

Establishment : AAA Newtown Chinese Massage

Date of Visit : 08/10/14

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 9519 4555 newtownmassage.com.au

Hours of Business : 10.00-22.00

Rates : $35 1/2, $50 3/4, $60 p/h + tip

Age : Mid 30's

Size/shape : 12, let herself go

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese MLC

Services Provided : massage, hj 

Value for money/recommend? : Not really

My experience/comments : Was in the area, so thought I would drop in and pay a visit to Maggie, hadn't seen her in nearly 2 years. She has an attractive MLIF look about her. Booked ahead for 1/2 hour. When I arrived she greeted me warmly and said haven't seen you in a while. I was a little disappointed as she didn't put any effort into her dress appearance- previously she had. The jeans style pants, top and sneakers really didn't do it for me-I'm a heels man, that could have saved her! Lets hope that once its shed I will be a bit more enthused. Face down she gives a decent massage with the right amount of pressure. Time to turn over and she loses her clothing. If I didn't have wood by then, I fear that my cock retreated further once I got a good look of her chasis. Definitely had let herself go, body not at all taught anymore, tummy, tits had gone south, unkempt bush. Commenced with a hj, unfortunately my cock wasn't liking the company and the visual stimulation wasn't working either. I could see that it wasn't going to happen and time was up. Its a shame as I previously had a good time with her.


Floor: #9
Post Time: 18th September 2016, 05:24 PM
Poster ID: Aurelius
Post Title: 
 Nooly - Newtown Massage - 9519 4555
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Nooly or Noolie

Establishment : Newtown Chinese Massage

Date of Visit : 15th September 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 9519 4555

Hours of Business : 11am till 7.30pm

Rates : $80

Age : About 30

Size/shape : Average built but no flab

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Massage + CBJ + FS

Value for money/recommend? : Yes/Yes

My experience/comments : Was in Newtown for movies. After the movie, my friends had to leave and I was in the mood to explore the shops around. Started walking towards king street with all the vibrant and colorful stuff displayed throughout the street. I noticed that after every six or seven shops, there was a massage shop. I thought of giving one of them a try. Searched on the phone for their websites and got a lot of options. I grabbed a coffee and sat down to properly locate and try one of the shops. I knew this opportunity could be a hit or miss. Called up penny's first and was told that the day-time special for $80 was over. They would charge $100 for half an hour. I was in the mood of spending around that much only. 
As I was checking the details of other shops, saw this shop with an antique wooden door and thought of going in and having a chat with the person at the reception. I entered the shop and inquired about the massage and was told that they charge $35 for half an hour. I asked whether any extras were provided so the receptionist told me to talk to the girl once I take the half an hour session. I told her that I was considering of going to penny's and if she tells me the details upfront, I would consider staying. She immediately called Nooly from the staff room and spoke something with her which I couldnt understand. To my surprise she said that she would charge $80 for a massage and FS and that I had to pay upfront. I agreed to the offer and was shown the room.
Inside, I changed and lied down. In came the mamasan with her skimpy clothes. She seemed fit at first with decent sized jugs. Started the massage with a little chitchat. I asked her to disrobe and she happily obliged. She got on top and gave me a good b2b. Those jugs were really good and soft. I noticed a dolphin tattoo on her lower stomach which turned me on. She put on the dom and started a very slow CBJ. I didnt like it as I am not a fan of CBJ at all. I told her to come on top and start with the action. And she jumped on in cowgirl and started stroking slowly. All this while she was teasing me in a way and it was really turning me on. The room was small and there was not much space where we could change to a lot of positions. It was just like a smalll massage room. I finally exploded in doggy style and was relieved. Overall it was an average experience. On the way out saw this really cute small framed girl and inquired about her. Seems like she does the same deal. Would be going back soon to try her out.


