Thread Title: 470 Hight St, Penrith NSW
Floor: #1
Post Time: 30th May 2017, 11:49 AM
Poster ID: mrm
Post Title: 
 470 Hight St, Penrith NSW
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jenny. Veteran, possibly boss

Establishment : Standard Chinese Massage Shop

Date of Visit : Last May 2017 Lunchtime

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Upstairs unit 470 High Street Penrith. https://www.local.com.au/b/high-massage 

Hours of Business : 10AM-?

Rates : $50 per Hour Massage plus tips 

Age : 50+

Size/shape : Average

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Massage, CBJ, FS offered

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : Dont have a link or phone number for this place, little walk through open air Strip of shops off High Street, Massage in unit upstairs, has a sign out on walkway.  Upstairs leads you indoors and down the far right is the massage. It is the usual Massage shopfront, meant to look like legit, but obviously isnt.

Older lady (seemed to be boss) ushered me into room, $50 for hour massage, I asked about extras straight up. $50 extra got be CBJ. Signed up on the spot!

Massage was really really good, asked for soft medium or hard, I went hard, and she certainly went hard! But it was awesome. On the flip, she offered second girl for double. I initially declined but after a little bit I agreed, and extra $50 got me a second girl for CBJ.

Both CBJ were pretty good, first older lady (yeah she was older, but god love her she was service orientated) was excellent, went hard. She called in second girl, who was very good looking. Probably late 20s, lovely perky breasts and bum that I would have loved to spend more time with. She went straight in after condom swap for 2nd CBJ and it didnt take too long until I was over the line. 

Would have been great to see second girl for the whole time. She seemed a little bit in out get the job done, but She was called in, so maybe it would be different if you were initial customer. Her CBJ skills were ok, a little toothy but ok, not as good as the veteran lol

All in all it was 50 for a great hour massage, 50 for veteran CBJ and 50 for second girl to perform a CBJ double. I got caught up in the moment and would be happy with the hour Massage and CBJ in the future.

I might add both offered FS at different times, I declined but did not get a price. I would assume the Veteran is negotiable.

Good Luck!


