Thread Title: 485a parramatta rd Leichhardt - 02 9560 0096
Floor: #1
Post Time: 23rd June 2019, 07:19 PM
Poster ID: marcus_54
Post Title: 
 485a parramatta rd Leichhardt - 02 9560 0096
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Coco

Establishment : 485a Leichardt

Date of Visit : 14 June

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 02 9560 0096

Phone : 02 9560 0096

Hours of Business : 11am till late from memory. Coco is on most of time, is the mamasan. 

Rates : 80 h/r - 100 hr. $5 charge to use card, bring cash recommended

Age : Looked 40/50ish

Size/shape : Mature build, Big E/F cup Boobs

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian

Services Provided : CBJ/BBBJ, CFS, Daty, Massage

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : I saw some reviews of Coco in the 285 thread and had tried to see her a few times with no avail, as the ladies here are the usual typical of the small asian establishments, in that they don't allow choice of girl. Being a pretty cheap rate though, can't complain of not being able to choose. This time though I was met with a mature curvy lady, who matched the description from over reviews, and upon asking her name was delighted to know I was finally going to see the famous Coco. I payed $100 for the 45 mins and soon was in the shower. When returned, I saw Coco had stripped, revealing a nice sized bum and a set of huge boobs, which has a tattoo of a ribbon on her left side (visual indication who she is for those in next time). I sat at the foot of the bed with her standing, and began to lick her nipples while stroking her back and legs, which she gladly let me do as she enjoyed my tongue. She then ushered me onto the bed more and climbed up, before beginning some light nipple licking, which then began a series of kisses down to my cock. Before proceeding, she asked if I would like covered or bare blowjob, to which I went with the latter. She gave a really nice BJ and I almost finished from the alone, but i pulled her up and asked her if I could return the favor now. She laughed and said sure, so we switched places and soon I was licking her pussy up which she loudly enjoyed, gripping my head in place and not letting go until she came loudly. When she did, she pulled me up and began some light kissing, before reach for a rubber and placing it on my cock. We began fucking missionary, and with the BJ before and her being really wet fro cumming, I was ready to blow very fast. I wanted to pull out to try and extend the fucking, but Coco was getting ready for another big orgasm, and so she wrapped her legs around me and pinned me in. With her coming on my cock and pinning me, i came hard in the rubber, and felt her pussy clench me doing so. I collapsed on her for a bit, before we cleaned up. We had finished early, so she offered a massage to pass the time. I took the offer, she was pretty decent and worked from head to toe. After this I showered and left. 

I would see her again as she was quiet enjoyable, and the rates here are not bad too. The other ladies are not bad either, my first time I saw "apple" and she was a cutie with a nice bum, while my second time here the lady I saw was very accommodating (I forgot her name). The place also has a discreet back entrance on a street which is mostly empty except afternoons and mornings , so it's nice to leave with peace of mind or weird looks.


