Thread Title: 558 Parramatta Rd, Petersham - 02 9550 0881
Floor: #1
Post Time: 21st June 2019, 09:18 PM
Poster ID: Jackjohns
Post Title: 
 Miracle Relaxing Massage
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sarah

Establishment : Miracle Relaxing Massage 

Date of Visit : 16/06/2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 558 Parramatta Road Petersham NSW

Phone :02 9550 0881

Hours of Business : 10am-9pm 7 days

Rates : $65 30min full body massage 

Age : early 20s

Size/shape : slim with nice curves

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thailand

Services Provided : 30min full body massage includes hand relief

Value for money/recommend? : yes

My experience/comments : Enter through rear entrance have to walk through car park watch your step bit of a drop off , then rang bell and girl showed me to room was asked if wanted shower but had just had one so declined paid stripped off got on bed face down then girl entered room looked and was a different girl but couldn't complain this girl looked real good she striped off had a great body she gave me a great massage with bits of teasing all throughout massage light finger play on body and teasing around genitals on me then asked to flip over she teased me more then asked what I was after said handjobs fine as I didn't have anymore money on me she did offer full service for an extra $100 and would of paid if had the money on me but didn't, her handjob was great and lots of eye contact on me and allowed body play on her just not inside her.. No doubt I will be back again to take her up on there full service..She mentioned she works Sundays didn't mention any other days she works..


Floor: #2
Post Time: 11th August 2019, 01:45 PM
Poster ID: tbh
Post Title: 
 TS Bena at Miracle Massage Petersham
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Bena TS

Establishment : Miracle Relaxing massage 558 Parramatta Rd Petersham 

Date of Visit : 3 August

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 

Phone :  0470698416

Hours of Business : 10am to 9pm

Rates : Massage 30 mins - $65; 45 mins - $90; 60m - $110

Age : 25; probably early 30s

Size/shape : Stocky, 5' 10"

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : massage and HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

I'm looking for a good masseuse who is also sexy fun, as I have a bad back, and today it was really sore. 

The good part is there is parking and an entrance out the back. When she opened the door, I was  taken aback by how  feminine she looked with her hair down. She thought I was nervous and her English wasn't the best. "Do you want a shower?"

"No, I've already had one."

"Shower is there," she pointed as she gave me a towel. So I had a shower.

The room was nice, warm and spacious. I went for the 30 minute option to test her out. The place was empty, so I didn't feel rushed. She undressed and gave me a good massage. No talking. I'm not a fan of Thai massages. They're all arms and soft pushing, not direct enough. When she found a tight muscle, she worked it, then gave up. She gave me body to body, gave the odd tackle tickle, but she wasn't hard, and I was still sore, so there wasn't much action from my side. 

When it came time to roll over, I wasn't aroused. She worked me gently, then faster, but I had to ask her to slow down. Nothing wrong wither her technique, I was still too sore to be turned on, she looked a bit more masculine with her hair up, the lack of communication didn't help and I had to use imagination to get a hard on and blow. I think she offers extras, but neither of us were interested. It was back into the tiny shower – with pump action soap – and I was soon away. 

Bena only works Tuesdays and Saturdays at Miracle.


