Thread Title: 635 Elizabeth Street, Waterloo - 0426 686 299
Floor: #1
Post Time: 18th December 2018, 05:10 PM
Poster ID: badnews99
Post Title: 
 635 Elizabeth Street, Waterloo - 0426 686 299
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sumthai Girl

Establishment : Waterloo Massage

Date of Visit : Nov 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 635 Elizabeth Street, Waterloo. www.sexpages.com.au/shop/info/380

Phone : 0426 686 29

Hours of Business : 10am to 8pm, 7 Days

Rates : $30/20mins $40/30, $50/45 & $60/60

Age : 20

Size/shape : Slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : 30min Rub with nude Tug

Value for money/recommend? : Maybe

My experience/comments : This new shop just opened up and I was keen for a quick look, mainly to see if its better than my usual haunt.
Its a converted shop on a busy street front (Elizabeth Street). Crappy sliding front door with one of those hanging bells, the ones that are slightly more noisey than big ben.
Looks to be only 2 rooms, has a rear alley lane access as well.
Walls don't go all the way up and you can hear everything!, and I mean everything.

I slipped in after work, and was only allowed half and hour as it was near closing time, which turned out to be a good thing.
Ushered into the first room by the young girl, was given the universal sign that extras were on offer with a HJ movement. so far so good.

Stripped off and laid down, could her and old man next door conversing with another of the young girls who was working. 
Massage was OK at best, rub down was with cold towel,( she apologized as the heat was off as they were closing soon). No biggie.
y
Then I could hear some arguing in the next room, She began yelling at him in thai, I don't understand much, but heard the english phrase "YOU CAN'T CUM LIKE THAT!" 
Not knowing what the hell was happening, my girl and her began talking in thai.
The other girl certainly wasn't happy, told the old man to leave. He wanted to go back out the alley way but the door had been closed. Surely no big deal to open it and let him out. But no, she wanted him to piss off out the front door. He said my wife and children live across the street. Fair play to the Thai girl she stood her ground. Not my problem!

He left, than fuck for that, now back to me.

On the flip, offered the two usual options, $20 or $50, Option b of course.
Slim girl, shaved, A cup breasts, sucked, felt, fingered. Sweet, nice and quiet.
Gave her a generous load to clean up. Both of us seemed happy
The rooms do have sinks, but she got fresh towels from outside.

After I'm happy, I asked her what had happened with the old guy.

She told me he only paid for 20 mins and then proceeded to jerk him self off (for free).
Nice going old man (What a dickhead) These girls work hard enough and certainly don't need that shit to deal with. I assume she was pissed as she wasn't getting a tip and the very least for dealing with this shit head.

Anyway, I left via the front door, glad I came, could have done with out the drama.

Atmosphere - Loud, can hear much more than you would ever want
Cleanliness - New place, quick cheap fit-out, clean towels and sinks
Value for money - HJ and a drama show, not what i expected
Returnability - Hmm, knowing me I probably will, but try and find a quiet time. This place is not the place to be if its busy


Floor: #2
Post Time: 19th December 2018, 08:38 AM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
The dog in the picture contemplating the walk of shame?


