Thread Title: "Aussies at Dee Why" - 9982 7997
Floor: #1
Post Time: 12th July 2018, 05:39 PM
Poster ID: whiteywhite
Post Title: 
 "Aussies at Dee Why" - 9982 7997
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : 

Establishment : "Aussies at Dee Why"

Date of Visit : July 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 9982 7997

Hours of Business : 11-7

Rates : 30 - $65. 45 - $85. 60 - $100. 

Age : 40

Size/shape : Skinny white aussie lady.Full bush, B cups.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie / Caucasion

Services Provided : Nude RnT

Value for money/recommend? : Kinda

My experience/comments : This place is in the heart of Dee Why but doesn't have any signage. It's basically a room above a shop but with rear entry only.
The service was explained over the phone as "a small number of slim brunette mid 30's ladies". When I turned up the one lady there was definately over 40 and i'd say mousey brown not brunette. Anyway I was there, so did 45 mins for $85 nude  RnT which I thought was decent value.
Long story short, damn she's a great masseuse. Proper deep muscle / sports massage. 
She's also naked for the whole thing, none of this "only undressed on the flip" crap you see a lot of. But she just didn't do it for me looks wise, and i struggled to get over the line. There was also nothing on offer other than the tug - not even a little date tickle. 
So I walked away with a great massage, some sore muscles and a poor tug.
WIR? Maybe but only to see other ladies. Shame I can't remember her name.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 12th July 2018, 09:33 PM
Poster ID: yampy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I used to regularly see the owner of this place when she operated out of a house in Beacon Hill many years ago..  Her name slips me but she was fantastic at massage and gave a great rub.  I think she was the first person who pulled the old fella out between my legs and start the strokes while I was face down, but very few girls do it.  She was hardly ever busy so I'd go for a 30 min massage and the massage always ended up as an hour plus, then we used to chat for another hour afterwards..  She was probably mid to late 40's then, wild greyish hair but a perfectly toned body and a good set of DD's

I tried this place a few times after she moved and expanded the operation.  But she lived up in the Blue Mountains somewhere and commuted down less so I could never match a time with her.  I did try a few of the other girls and same as the report above, I always had a great massage but there was something missing with the erotic side.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 12th July 2018, 11:16 PM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Welcome to Sydney Whiteywhite, hope u are settling in well, enjoy the scene here ok.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 13th July 2018, 12:39 AM
Poster ID: sleazyryder
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by yampy


I used to regularly see the owner of this place when she operated out of a house in Beacon Hill many years ago..  Her name slips me but she was fantastic at massage and gave a great rub.  I think she was the first person who pulled the old fella out between my legs and start the strokes while I was face down, but very few girls do it.  She was hardly ever busy so I'd go for a 30 min massage and the massage always ended up as an hour plus, then we used to chat for another hour afterwards..  She was probably mid to late 40's then, wild greyish hair but a perfectly toned body and a good set of DD's

I tried this place a few times after she moved and expanded the operation.  But she lived up in the Blue Mountains somewhere and commuted down less so I could never match a time with her.  I did try a few of the other girls and same as the report above, I always had a great massage but there was something missing with the erotic side
"""



If you are talking about the gal at Dee Why then her name is Catherine used to go by the working name of Silvia or Silvy to those who know her. That of course is her working name.
She is the Johnson & Johnson Baby Talc tickle Queen for inbetween your legs that is.
Silvy has been working in massage since the late 80’s early 90’s

She used to work at Neutral Bay with a lady probably known to many elder statesmen of the forum 
I won’t divulge her name but memories of topless tugs and pragmatic times come to mind. 

This Dee Why lass also worked with others at Rozelle. 

These premises were burned down by that murdering maniac who wanted to rort the insurance by torching his business. The business had long since moved from Rozelle. It was sold and became a full service brothel for a time.
 They were in Darling Street behind a green gate that led to a parlour with three rooms upstairs.  Silvy worked there and at Neutral Bay. She has lived on the Northern Beaches most of her life. Considerate thoughtful and always good value. 

Thing is she works alone. Rarely has another girl assisting but there is only one room one table . That should give the game away there is nobody else working on a regular basis.

Unsure but there should be an existing thread but this one comes under PML not a dual operation as she advertises. Silvy is a wise lass as she does temp you to return for the chance of seeing another brunette. But alas there is just her to massage you and that is by design.

Enjoy this lady. She is a nice change and knows all the buttons to press for pleasure. Strictly massage only however. BTW her age is much older than 30’s or 40’s  Try mid 50’s. Still a lovely body though.
This is the existing thread below

https://auxxxreviews.com/forum/f116/...-7997-a-52199/


Sleazy


Floor: #5
Post Time: 13th July 2018, 12:21 PM
Poster ID: whiteywhite
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Ha! That's her Sleazy, although I'm sure she said she lives in the Blue Mountains. She also gave me the line of "the other girls just got a new boyfriend and he's a bit jealous so she may not be working here" that the post from 2012 said. She obviously has the story down pat!


Floor: #6
Post Time: 13th July 2018, 12:42 PM
Poster ID: sleazyryder
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Yeah she is literally a very old hand at spin.
I am surprised that she can manage to convince guys that there is another brunette that works on the odd days sometimes during leap years on days with a full moon and a dozen other reasons you will never meet them. 
Of course they don't exist and can you imagine her travelling to the Blue Mountains every day to get to and from work?

Nah she just pads the story. She knows how to create atmosphere albeit very basic.
She is a very gentle soul and has done this job very well for a long time.

She is easy to talk to and offers a very standard fair. Her back is far from good. 
She worked with one of the Caucasian Pioneers in TCM practices from the 80's.

It was rare at the time but most of my early memories are pleasant ones due to the likes of Catherine (real name.)
Silvy was her old working name for those who wish to relive the old days of glory.
Best thing about her is she doesn't charge extra for this or that. Be respectful and you lay back and enjoy her touch.

She used to some 20 to 30years ago work with a really hot busty brunette. That's bringing the past into her modern day present so she justifies I am certain the essence of brunettes everywhere.
Understated and undersold are things that Catherine tries not to be known for.

 Fairly sure she likely lives where she works or close by. But The Blue Mountains nah lol.

I am afraid you probably need to be a little more on the sceptical side of things. However don't lose your innocence it is always an endearing attractive thing that the girls just adore. Really trust me.!


Sleazy.


