Floor: #1
Post Time: 13th September 2018, 01:22 PM
Poster ID: Sethergo
Post Title: 
 A&Cat massage - Shop 1/35 Bells Line of Road, North Richmond NSW - 0424 458 856
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Anna? (accent and quiet voice made it had to understand) 

    Establishment : A&Cat massage 

    Date of Visit : September 2018

    Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Home - A & Cat Sydney Richmond Massage Centre - Asian Full Body Massage Centre

    Hours of Business : 900am to 700pm

    Rates : $40 for half hour + extras (50 for topless) 

    Age : late 40s

    Size/shape : slim legs, small belly, mid size tits

    Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese 

    Services Provided : massage with HJ

    Value for money/recommend? : Yes.

There are 3 different massage places in north Richmond, I took a punt on this place as it advertised on locanto and had a back-door. 
Headed here afterwork and went to the front door finding it locked and a sign saying to ring the door bell, left standing on a major road for an moment or two before the door is opened by a shortish slightly older Asian woman who invites me in. I head inside and she shows me to a very small room that only has curtains (no door), she asks how long, I opt for 1/2 her and I'm asked to get undressed as she leaves. I notice above the prices on the wall in bold caps is "NO SEX".

I strip off and the same lady returns, she's wearing a shirt and khaki pants. I lay down on the table with my hands dangling off the top of the table. The room is so small that as she moves past my hands brush her thighs, so she moves my hands and starts with a pretty good massage. The massage is pretty standard until she gets to my legs and I can feel her rubbing her legs on my foot, shortly after she starts rubbing my arse paying a lot of attention to my crack and balls, she soon asks me to turn over and asks if I want top off for 50. I say yes and she removes her shirt and bra and gives me full access to her tits. I have one tit in my mouth, squeezing the other with one hand while the other hand is between her clothed legs, I'm getting close when the door bell rings and a bloke yells out "hello!" another girl goes to answer the door. It was a couple (sounded old and bogan) that wanted massages, judging by the footsteps they went past the curtain as I blew my load. I could hear them like they were in the room with me as I got cleaned up which was a little off putting.

After a bit of a head massage I put my clothes back on and headed out the back door. I noticed on the way out that there was a bed set up in the kitchen area out the back.

Will I be back? Probably, service was good if a little bit more expensive than some other places, but there are 2 other massage places local to it I have to try too.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 14th September 2018, 10:49 PM
Poster ID: Das232
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks for the post here is the locanto ad. 

https://nsw.locanto.com.au/ID_248568...available.html

Also the other two places in Nth Richmond seem to be legit.


