Thread Title: AAA Massage Booker Bay - 0451 559 018
Floor: #1
Post Time: 18th February 2018, 12:11 PM
Poster ID: ted8888
Post Title: 
 AAA Massage Booker Bay - 0451 559 018
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name :  Ci Ci

Establishment : AA Massage Booker Bay


Date of Visit : Jan 2018


Contact Details/Address/Weblink : AAA Massage Booker Bay 0451559018


Hours of Business : 7 days 9am - 7pm 


Rates : $60 for 30 minutes with HJ


Age : 30+


Size/shape : Small Slim Sexy


Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian


Services Provided : Massage with happy ending 


Value for money/recommend? : Good value would recommend


My experience/comments : Have been a number of times. This time I had Ci CI.  Slightly more mature than previous girls but that meant that she was more experienced and gave a much better service.  We both  took our clothes off and I lay on the table.  While Ci Ci massaged my back from the front of the table she encouraged me to touch her.  I was able to feel her beautiful smooth tight ass and with some manouvering feel her moist lips.  When i turned over I was able to get a better view.  Ci Ci had long dark hair that fell down to her very pert breasts.  she had amazingly large nipples, not just wide but long...a big turn on.  She was shaved so I could see her dark pussy, lips not too big.  Ci Ci soon had my hardness in her hand and was giving me a smooth hj.  She let me put my fingers inside her.  she was extremly wet and hot.  She smiled and really enjoyed my fingers.  soon we were both cumming into each others hands.
Once finished another girl helped Ci Ci clean me off, this was a turn up and maybe I could try two next time.
Great value for money and recommend Ci CI highly.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 28th June 2018, 10:18 AM
Poster ID: Longdong Silver
Post Title: 
 AAA Massage - Booker Bay - 0451 559 018
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sa

Establishment : Aaa massage Booker Bay

Date of Visit : 26/6/18

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0451559018

Hours of Business : 9am to 7pm 

Rates : $100 hr hj plus included

Age : 45

Size/shape : chubby

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian

Services Provided : massage nude + hj with a little extra

Value for money/recommend? : yes

My experience/comments : i was on the Central Coast for some work and decided to try a little punt while down there. Got the number for this place from the local rag and as I required an early punt the 9am opening suited me. Gave them a ring and an Asian lady answered, English not good but was told to come around now. It’s sittuated in a small three shop strip in a residential area so not overly private. Was met by Sa who said $100 for massage and hj. Went into good sized room and we both stripped. Sa is short and dumpy around 45 so not for those wanting a young one. I’m into the older ML so good for me. Great back massage with Sa climbing on the table and rubbing her body on me as well as her hands. Good tackle tickle with some positive noises coming from Sa when she felt my balls and mr longdong. Roll over and she gave a good rub making sure enough attention was given to my stiff member to keep him very interested. She climbe on the table on top of me and encouraged my hands to roam. Nice soft tits and wet puss. She then turn reverse cowboy and while commencing the handy lowered her sweet cunt onto my face. Not to be put off I began a serious tounge lashing of her clit while she stroked my dick. As she cum or faked cumming she lent forward and while pulling me two handed put the knob into her mouth. Three long sucks and I discharged into her face. She got off cleaned me up with my cum running down her cheek and chin very sexy. She cleaned herself up and we dressed and then she kissed me deeply saying you come back soon next time better. Great punt I’ll be back.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 15th August 2018, 09:20 PM
Poster ID: Mike_smith1980
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Li Li (I think?)

Establishment : Booker Bay (as above)

Date of Visit : 15/8/18

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0451559018

Phone :

Hours of Business : 9am - unsure

Rates : $60/half hour

Age : late 30s, early 40s

Size/shape : Solid, a bit chubby but not what you'd call large. Stocky maybe? Nice breasts

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Massage, HE, Nude, fingering

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : For $60 with no extra money asked, pretty good really! Li Li was no supermodel, but was really friendly and gave a good massage. As soon as I walked in she started saying things like 'handsome boy' and was very chirpy. I got there a few min after 9 so she'd just opened and there were no other girls on. I only had time for 30 min so was only a few min into the massage when my hands started wandering and she started commenting on how good it was and I ended up massaging her. She got naked, I used oil and gave a good massage. She gave me free access to her pussy and was arching her bum up for me to touch. I ended up fingering her and she came, but I think it was fake given the time limits. She certainly seemed to be enjoying it but then suddenly said she came and there didn't seem to be any sensitivity while I kept rubbing, but whatever I guess I'm not paying for her to cum (although I do love it when a girl cums). 

Part to, I got on my back and she gave a reasonable hand job. I put my knees up and kind of arched up a bit and she gave a little bit of ass play too which I like. She went pretty fast so I came after a few minutes, so really it wasn't the best handjob I've had. After I came it was 20 min in and she started saying something about needing to sleep because I made her cum. I didn't move and she asked if I wanted more massage, to which I replied yes. She gave another 10 min of good massage and finished with the hot towel. By the time I was dressed another girl had arrived and Li Li insisted on bringing her in to show her the handsome boy. That was a bit odd. The other lady looked maybe a touch younger and a bit better looking. Maybe I should have gone later.. But it was good overall. 

And great value for $60.


