Thread Title: Accupuncture & massage centre - Chatswood - 02 9412 3399
Floor: #1
Post Time: 22nd July 2017, 12:07 PM
Poster ID: davy69
Post Title: 
 Accupuncture & massage centre - Chatswood - 02 9412 3399
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name :  Mandy 

Establishment :  Accupuncture & massage centre suit 2 ,769 Pacific Highway Chatswood  0294123399

Date of Visit : 18 /7/17

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 

Hours of Business : 

Rates : $40 30min

Age : 40+

Size/shape :  162cm  C or D cup

Nationality or Ethnicity :  Chinese

Services Provided :  massage + extras

Value for money/recommend? :  probably not

My experience/comments :

well. Thought I try this place . Its been there a long time. Up the stairs and the frog is still there.
There is a small car park at the back. So you dont have to enter via the busy Pacific Highway.

The lady in charge take me into the room. Was met with Mandy. Lovely sexy white nurse
outfit.  Big cleaverage showing....  

I took 30 minutes thought I will give it a go.

Mandy is 40+ with makeup on. Massage was ok. But after a while. 
She started to give my balls a work out.

Saying softly and sexy voice and ask if I wanted any extras.

Immediately saying yes. Pay $50 for the undress and HJ.

Thats was the big let down. Her age is starting to show.
Probably better if the dress was stay on. Her boobs is starting to sag.

Cant imaging being HJ pull off by my auntie....

Manage to get over the line and she clean me up.  I guess I need to find
the younger ones . Mandy may be alright for you. But shes not my type. 


May try this place again for another girl.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 15th March 2019, 02:10 PM
Poster ID: jp_pooner
Post Title: 
 Chatswood Massage Centre
				
Post Content: 
Hi gents,

I have been on another adventure...

Name - Cindy

Establishment - Chatswood Massage Centre

Date of visit - 15/03/2019

Address - Suite 2, 769 Pacific Hwy, Chatswood

Phone - 0405 496 266

Rates - $50/45 mins plus $50 tip for HJ

Age - I'd guess early to mid 30's

Size/shape - Nice D cups, a few extra pounds

Ethnicity - Chinese

Services - massage plus HJ

Value for money - maybe, if you don't mind the shape

My experience - I had some spare time (and cash) so I wandered up to the Chatswood Massage Centre, which is located opposite a car dealership (BMW, I think) on the Pacific Hwy at Chatswood, above a furniture/homewares store.

The ladies were all busy when I first arrived (around lunchtime) so I took a 20 minute walk around the block to kill time, and on my return I had a 45 minute session with Cindy. With her clothes on she has a pleasant appearance and an oversized rack. I would describe her as a kind of Chinese MILF. 

Cindy gives a good massage with knuckles and elbows involved, and she will stretch your legs out too. She is somewhat built for massage with a robust constitution. However, this attribute also detracts from the erotic experience, in my view (I prefer slimmer types). For example, after negotiating a happy ending she stripped down to her birthday suit, and while she revealed a magnificent rack, it was matched in size by a belly that has succumbed to the earth's gravitational forces. I couldn't take her all in visually and maintain a boner at the same time. 

Nonetheless, Cindy and I persisted, and eventually through much stroking (and mutual stroking), I managed to release my load. I am not sure if the small load was due to my (relative) lack of arousal or due to the fact that I had a freebie the night before. 

In any case, Cindy is not the kind of massage lady I will be longing for. But perhaps you will like her if you are into the MILF appearance and a decent massage.


