Floor: #1
Post Time: 16th March 2015, 04:17 PM
Poster ID: Uigeadail
Post Title: 
 Angel Massage - 2/32 Hassall St, Parramatta NSW - 0434 068 745
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Kelly

Establishment : 32 Hassall St, Parramatta

Date of Visit : 5/3/2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0434068745 Angel Massage - Parramatta Massage

Hours of Business : 9:30-7:30

Rates : $60 + $40

Age : mid 40

Size/shape : little bit of belly

Nationality or Ethnicity : PRC

Services Provided : massage w HE

Value for money/recommend? : yes. Nothing outstanding

My experience/comments : 

turned up w no booking and put in a room to wait. They are floor to ceiling cubicle but only have a curtain with the "bulldog clip" system when extras start. 

The he massage was firm and good. No complaints. ML was friendly and had pretty good English. Happy to chat. When flip came she asked if I would like HJ or nude. I asked for BJ instead and she looked a bit shocked and said she didn't have a condom. I said I am ok without but she was not and I don't push it if they are not ok. I offered more for BJ and then she left the room for a while, I could hear talking in Chinese amongst the ladies and a bit of giggling. She came back and said she couldn't find any condom. So I offered 40 for nude  and it was a good enough handy at good pace with outside touching OK. 

pretty standard but very friendly. I only saw older ladies here.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 16th February 2018, 12:23 AM
Poster ID: Funland
Post Title: 
 Lisa - Angel Massage Parramatta
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lisa

Establishment : Angel Massage Parramatta

Date of Visit : 14/2/18

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 2/ 32 Hassall St, Parramatta NSW 2150 

Hours of Business : 9:30AM - 7:00PM

Rates : $60 / 1 Hour

Age : 35

Size/shape : Slim, short, small tits with long nipples

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : DFK,CBJ, DATY, 69, CFS

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : Lisa has returned to this very average establishment. She told me the manager begged her to return and I suspect its because the other girls are very average looking 50+ year olds trying to look 20 odd. There is nobody on their website images that work at this place, but Lisa is cute, sexy, and gives a damn good massage to top things off. 

I like this girl as she puts in effort, gives a nice CBJ on the flip and her pussy is sweet, plus she loves DATY and so do I. Happily jumps into a 69 and is an enthusiastic fuck. Extras are $100 and there is no rushing to be finished and we screwed for a good 20 minutes of my 45 minute session. Lisa says she loves her job and works 5 days a week at a number of places and she seems to get excited whenever she has cock to play with. She also very much enjoys her rather long nipples to be sucked.

Whilst in the session, 2 punters came into the shop and as it only has curtains instead of doors to each room, we could easily hear the punters  speak to reception. Both asked for Lisa and left when she was unavailable because she was with me. I think she gets most of the traffic for anybody who has been their before and I have a number of times and I'd only see Lisa there. Maybe ring ahead when your on your way to avoid disappointment.

She has told me that she does not usually provide FS but I'm sure if your clean and offer the right cash then your home and hosed. A while ago there was better talent at this place and for $100 they all offered FS, the girls would usually initially say no to FS and that they will just take off and HJ or they would offer a CBJ, but once offered $100 then the money changed every one of the girls I'd seen there to FS without exception.

If your in or around Parramatta on a Wednesday (the day she works at this place) then you could do alot worse for the money.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 18th September 2019, 02:01 PM
Poster ID: vince
Post Title: 
 32 Hassall Street Parramatta - 0434 068 745
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Meena

Establishment : 32 Hassall Street Parramatta

Date of Visit : 18 Sept 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 32 Hassall Street Parramatta 0434 068 745

Hours of Business : Open 7 days from 9: 45 am to 8:30 pm. Street parkings available 

Rates : $50 for 45 minutes (+$70 CBJ)

Age : 29 yo

Size/shape : Healthy figure. Size 10-12, C-D cup. Dark and long hair

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Massage + B2B + CBJ

Value for money/recommend? : YES!!

Been meaning to check out this place for a while and decided to pay a visit today.

Experience was a bit awkward when I first walked in as the reception seemed confused haha I asked if I can see who's working here and she introduced me to 2 girls - Sugar & Meena. Sugar was a bit slimmer but I'm more of a boos guy so decided to go with Meena.

Meena has long black her and was wearing black yoga pants (I'm also a sucker for yoga pants). 

The massage started with her asking me to take of my close and face down. Massage was very good overall, did some weird tricks to make my wrists crack. 

Comes to end of part 1, she 'accidentally' slipped her hand down my buttcrack and said oh so sorry! I think I wasn't expecting that so I had a big reaction too and that might have surprised her. However, she said she's going to get some hot towel and asked if I wanted some extra for today. I said what is on offer, and she said anywhere up to FS. I asked for a CBJ & body slide as that's all I felt like.

She came and cleaned me up then started undressing. DAM THOSE JUGS WERE BIG! She then kneeled down on the floor and put a DOM on my whilst I was sitting on the massage bed with my feet hanging in the air. 

Then we moved to a position where I lied down and she sits on top of me so I can get a good play of those massive jugs. It wasn't long until I cummed in the dom. 

We had some time left and she gave me a head & back massage before I left. 

Overall, very good and positive experience. Very good value for money. Would come back to explore her other services. 

*The only downside(?) of the physical environment is that there were no doors just curtains so I think people could hear her moaning when she was moaning.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 18th September 2019, 07:43 PM
Poster ID: punter.ozzy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Interesting, 

shaved down?
are those D cups?

sex with curtain door interesting experience


Floor: #5
Post Time: 18th September 2019, 09:30 PM
Poster ID: vince
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
It was an interesting experience. Never said we had sex 

Yup think so and unfortunately she had her panties on the whole time


Floor: #6
Post Time: 19th September 2019, 06:57 PM
Poster ID: punter.ozzy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by vince


It was an interesting experience. Never said we had sex 

Yup think so and unfortunately she had her panties on the whole tim
"""



no sex ?   you mentioned as FS, i thought FS mean full service, full service mean Sex inclusive is what common mean. 
mentioned as diff position ??? then what all these means?


Floor: #7
Post Time: 19th September 2019, 08:50 PM
Poster ID: vince
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
No & Yes sir I believe FS does mean Full Service.


Floor: #8
Post Time: 16th October 2019, 08:01 PM
Poster ID: Fuzzynuts
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Popped in here today based on this review. I was given no choice, the very plain looking Chinese? woman who greeted me asked how long and it's $40 for 30.
I strip naked and service was a regular massage from her, then at 30 minutes time is up. I roll over and she asks if I've been here before which I signal no but want a hand job. It's $20 for HJ or $50 naked. She is pretty ordinary looking so settle for the $20 job. Technique matched her looks (ie ugh) but while there I could hear a couple of other younger sounding girls talking to guys, and when someone rang my woman went out and answered the phone. She mentioned names along the lines of Nina, or Lina or maybe Meena from above.
For $60 it was pretty average...


