Floor: #1
Post Time: 5th December 2018, 05:20 PM
Poster ID: Chowunfat
Post Title: 
 Annie / Thai Lady in Stanmore
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Annie

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 5th December 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0423 716555

Phone : 0423 716555

Hours of Business : Varies (Mon to Frid)

Rates : $100 - half hour

Age : approx 50

Size/shape : short/ chubby / bit of a tummy but nice C natural boobs

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : massage and F/S

Value for money/recommend? : OK 

My experience/comments : After reading a review about Annie , I had to go and see her to tick her off my bucket list . The previous punters review advised that she does massage and F/S  which he only had a massage and quoted $80 for half hour and mentioned $100 F/S for half hour.
When i called Annie up to make the 30 minute appointment, Annie didn't mention anything about the $80.00 half hour massage. She only said $100 for half hour so i naturally assumed that it would be F/S and besides , $20 more is no big deal.
She gave me the address and told me to call her once I was outside.  Arrived at the address and then called her which she gave the instructions and directions.
Annie works from a ground floor apartment in Stanmore. its an old art deco sort of building. The door to her apartment was open as soon as I walked into the buildings entrance and Annie was hiding behind the door.
The apartment is really old and it looks like there would be quite a few people living there as it was sectioned off by using wardrobes. I suspect that they are all students and must be at school as at the time (mid afternoon) , it was only me and Annie.  We went to a room on the right which there were 2 double beds  and  connecting  laundry/bathroom . 
Annie is pleasantly attractive, is very short ( 4 Foot something) and a bit chubby. Paid her the $100 and she asked whether i wanted to shower. The Shower is really old , but the water pressure was acceptable...... 
After finishing my shower , Annie was already waiting for me in the room naked. Its obvious, she has had kids as she has a bit of a tummy , is completely shaven below, but her boobs were nice a firm (at least a C) which compensated the rest of her body.
Started with a light massage , then on with the dom , a bit of a BJ , then proceeded to mish , then doggie then back to mish to finish off.
In summary , Annie is a mature Thai lady , is very friendly and speaks enough English to be able to converse . Service was OK but i feel she was a bit too mature for my liking. She did mention to me that on Monday and Tuesday's, she has another young Thai girl working with her. Perhaps it is one of her student flatmates wanting to make some money?
She also told me that I was her first client for the day (mid afternoon)  which explains why she didnt offer the $80 half hour service 
Will I go back ? Probably not to see Annie for the reasons stated ......... but maybe to see the other young Thai girl.

Body - 5/10
Boobs - 8/10
Massage - cant really rate it as it wasn't really a massage
F/S - 7/10 - she tries hard to please 
Friendliness - 8/10


Floor: #2
Post Time: 5th December 2018, 07:22 PM
Poster ID: andrewblake
Post Title: 
 Annie / Thai Lady in Stanmore
				
Post Content: 
Thanks for a balanced review.. no matter good or bad.. there is something for all.. .. ymmv.. I rather reviews like this.. which show a experience.. kudos..


