Floor: #1
Post Time: 16th January 2019, 08:38 AM
Poster ID: ballzy
Post Title: 
 Arncliffe Massage -Shop 1/10-12 Belmore Street, Arncliffe - 02 9590 8122
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Honey

Establishment : Arncliffe Massage

Date of Visit : 7 January 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Gallery - Arncliffe Health Massage Centre

Phone : 9590 8122

Hours of Business : 10.00 am to 7.30 pm

Rates : $30: 30 minutes; $40: 45 minutes; $50: 1 hour

Age : Early 30's

Size/shape : Size 10, solid build but not fat, pleasant disposition, nice looking

Nationality or Ethnicity : Korean

Services Provided : Massage, body slide, body kisses, lip kissing, Spanish, HJ

Value for money/recommend? : A big YES

My experience/comments : 
This is a new shop that has been open for only about 3 months. The owner has also taken over 254A Princes Highway Sylvania, which is a shop I visited several years ago.
Being a new shop, everything is clean and new, and I was told that it has 4 rooms.

Being in the area on the day with some business to attend to, and in need of a good strong massage as I have been driving long distances recently, I decided to give this place a go. I rang just after 10.00 am and made a booking for 10.30 am. Upon arrival, I was greeted warmly by Honey, who took me to a room just in front of reception. After paying for 45 minutes, Honey left to secure the cash and I stripped and hopped on the table, Looking around the room, I could see that it was quite spacious and clean, but with only 3/4 high ceilings on 2 walls, so sound might be an issue when the place is busy. Honey told me that the other 3 rooms are fully enclosed.

When Honey returned, she asked me how strong I wanted the massage and I told her "very strong thank you" and pointed out that my shoulders, neck and lower back needed attention. She immediately got to work and used excellent pressure and really gave me a good workout, which is exactly what I needed. She commented a couple of times just how tight I was and asked me if she could apply some Tiger Balm to the shoulders and neck. I gave her the okay and it worked a treat.

After about 20 minutes she asked me whether I wanted a happy ending, and when I replied "yes please, that would be nice", she continued on with the massage. After another 5 minutes she left to get a hot towel to wipe me down. After the wipe down, Honey asked me if I wanted her nude as well for the standard $50 extra to which I agreed. She then peeled off her dress and underwear, and with me still lying on my tummy, she started rubbing her lovely size C/D tits all over my back and legs, interspersed with some soft body kisses and also kissing around the back of my neck and ears. Very nice indeed!

This continued for a few minutes when she asked me to turn over, then she applied some oil to my junior, hopped on the table with me and started a rather brief but very nice bit of Spanish, squeezing her tits together for maximum effect. She was also giving me nice soft lip and body kisses, and got off the table to commence the HJ. I politely asked if I could feel her up a bit to which she agreed, so while she was gently tugging away and feeding me her tits in the process, I let my hands wander down south for some nice pussy play. She had a bit of trimmed fur around her lady bits, but access given to me was good. I erupted in very short order!

Honey then have me a very thorough clean up and I was on my way. Looking at the clock while getting dressed I realized I had been there for nearly 1 hour and things were not rushed at all. It was a very good session.

Return factor: a big YES from me to see Honey again, and she said that she works here on Mondays and Sylvania on Fridays. Honey also said that all the girls rotate between the 2 shops.


