Thread Title: Artarmon remedial massage 0416723511
Floor: #1
Post Time: 5th December 2018, 10:05 PM
Poster ID: Kaveman
Post Title: 
 Artarmon remedial massage 0416723511
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Selena 

Establishment : artarmon remedial massage 

Date of Visit : sun 14 oct 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : suite 2/L1 84a Hamden Rd Artarmon 2064

Phone : 0416723511

Hours of Business : 10 am to 8 pm

Rates : $60 p/h ++

Age : 25

Size/shape : 12 curvy/sinsational 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Taiwanese

Services Provided : massage, gfe, nude hj

Value for money/recommend? : yes/yes

My experience/comments : dropped into an old haunt, madam was suspicious, but led to a room with a 5 minute wait. After enough time to worry, in walked a curvy goddess in gorgeous honey birdette lingerie.
she was taller than I expected, that smile encased in golden hair was stunning. I sat up and she almost leapt into my embrace, and I had a gf for the next hour. Sayin hello, then a kiss to the side of my mouth, I'm a sucker for an angel. I'd left $50 on the table, she was polite enough to let me draw attention to it, a big smile, and more cuddles, and deeper kisses. Far from a routine massage, deeper and deeper hugs, caresses, and full French kisses woke me from a Sunday morning haze. She took off a long open coat to reveal stunning lingerie, her hands were firm, caresses rather than a strong massage. To be honest, I'd have this every day. We talked and laughed a bit, normal small talk. I turned over, more kisses as oil was applied, and I drank her in with my eyes, and explored with my fingers. Happy to let me touch, positioned her body so there would be limits. I asked for more, but she said 'naughty' this happened a few times, may have been a case of getting to know you.
unhurried expert hj, not sure if it was remarkable, but she'd already made me feel like a king. There was a light massage afterward for the rest of the time, but generally was spent on the table together, looking at things on her phone and talking. 
Probably the most realistic gfe I've ever had. 
The shop is very clean, very well run, some funky but soft music really leaves you feeling good. 
Was always a favourite shop, and still is.


