Floor: #1
Post Time: 3rd March 2015, 05:20 PM
Poster ID: Time Traveller
Post Title: 
 Ashley's Massage - 7/31 Terminus St Castle Hill - 0417 481 952
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name :Mandi

Establishment : Best Massage Castle Hill

Date of Visit : 1/2/15, 16/2/15 and 28/2/15 (So Far) 
This review is for my first visit only.

Contact Details: 7/31 Terminus St, Castle Hill  Ph 0417 481 952 
(An older Thai lady answers the phone with a simple hello and do not announce what they are or do so, so don't be spooked)

Hours of Business : 10am till about 8pm (It varies so call first) 7 days a week.
During the day I could get in almost immediately when I called, the longest they made me wait was 2 hours from when I called.

Rates : $60 an hour for massage. They do offer 30 minute massage also for $40 but I have only ever gone for the hour.
(Extras range from $20 for RNT through to $50 for BTB nude with touching, but it seems nothing is set in stone)

Age : The 3 different masseuses have varied between late 20's to early 40's

Size/shape : All three have been size 8 - 12, further descriptions for each review.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : RNT, BTB, Touching

Value for money/recommend? : Absolutely

My experience/comments :

I have tried a range of establishments both legitimate and not so legitimate. This little gem is situated in an easily accessible area among physios, restaurants and real estate agents.
Parking is under the building and out of view from the street.
My first visit was about lunch time on Sunday the 1st Feb.
From the outside the massage clinic is unremarkable and is pretty much standard for any Thai massage establishment, legit or not.
The moment I walked through the door I noticed the typical Thai massage palour set up, basic reception on the right and 2 rooms off the reception area. Signs are there stating this is strictly a non-sexual service and incense burning.
I was ushered into the room opposite the entry by a lovely Thai lady approximately 26 - 29, size 8 -10 with a very pretty face and demeanor. She was dressed in a nurses style uniform but is more in line with the type of uniform they wear in old fashioned beauty palours. It wasn't tight but I could see she had a tidy figure and nice C size tits. She guided me into the room and told me to get ready. They were her exact words, "Get Ready". There was a properly covered massage table with clean towels and also the paper table cover on top. Everything looked legit except there was no towel to cover myself with, so I decided to play dumb, I stripped down to my underwear and waited for her to re-enter the room while standing next to the rest of my clothes.
When she re-entered I asked innocently whether I leave them on or take them off. Her response made it clear what I was in for "Take them off, it will be more fun that way". I undressed completely while she watched me.
Anyway I laid down and the massage was firm and purposeful, it was probably a 6 or 7, she used long stroked and paid particular attention to my backside. This was an un-draped massage with me laying naked on the table. She started with a traditional relaxation massage while standing at the side of the table and working her way around and about 15 minutes in she climbed on top of me in the traditional Thai style and sat on my backside while working on my back, I could feel her bum cheeks against mine and realised she was either wearing nothing under the outfit or only a G-String. This was getting interesting. She would massage my back and rock back and forwards on my ass, almost grinding into me.

The fun continued when she was doing my legs, she would gentle brush my balls and cock (Which I have strategically positioned so she could get a good view while massaging). At first it was an innocent enough brush which then became a little more frequent and intentional. She was testing to see if I had any objections. Hell I did not, so she continued a little more. After about 35 minutes into the hour massage she then began to reach under me a really go for my cock. At this point she asked "$50 extra for body to body" I nodded in acceptance and she asked me to turn over.
This was my first chance to really get a good look at her as she started to undress completely, she was a size 10, C tits and in good shape. She was probably a 7 on the looks scale with long hair down to the middle of her back. She continued with a good front massage teasing and "accidentally" rubbing up my legs in such a way that she had to work under my cock. This teasing then continued when she moved to the head of the table and would lean right over me while working down my body, this would place her cunt right behind my head and her tits would push down towards my face, she did this about 5 times till I lent up slightly and sucked on her nipple. She didn't seem to object and I continued for a moment more until she returned to the side of the table. From there she would gentle touch with her hands and use her hair to brush over my cock. I started to caress her tits and play with her nipples, she then stopped me and said her nipples were sensitive but I could play with her tits. 
I asked her name and she said they were not supposed to tell.
Well the cock massage started and she was an absolutely master, she enjoyed her job and was not just a wham bam girl. She would massage my cock and balls and the use her tits to continue, pushing them together while working my shaft through them. She continued alternating for about 10 minutes and as I was about to come she finished off with her hands as she pushed her tits into the top of my legs and had her face about 5 cm from the tip of my cock. I though for all money she was going to finish me off with her mouth but no such luck.
She gentle played with my cock and balls for about a minute more before getting dressed and leaving the room.
She returned with a bowl of warm water and gave me a sponge bath to clean everything up.
She was very thorough and I left pretty much all clean (Front or back).
She then told me to take my time and get dressed as she left the room with the bowl. She returned not 30 second later as I was sitting on the edge of the table, she watched me get up and had another play with my knob as I walked past her. She watched me intently as I got dressed and then gave me the biggest hug and told me to come back soon.

I must say this was a pleasant visit and a place I would definitely recommend. I will post further reviews from my other 2 visits which were completely different to this experience.

Different girls and different offering. 

Stay tuned.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 31st July 2016, 11:04 AM
Poster ID: Brian5150
Post Title: 
 Eva at 31 Terminus St Castle Hill
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name :Eva

Establishment : Best Massage Castle Hill

Date of Visit : 24/7/2016.

Contact Details: 7/31 Terminus St, Castle Hill  Ph 0417 481 952 

Hours of Business : 10am to 8pm 

Rates : 1/2Hr - $40. 1 Hr -$60 +$50 for naked HJ extra

Age : 29

Size/shape : Tall, very slim, very small tits long nipples 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : RNT

Value for money/recommend? : above average.

My experience/comments :

Eva has a nice personality and has pretty good English. Has been in Aus for 10 years. Very hall and skinny. But not petite as such. The massage was more of a rub, but that's not unusual. Quite pleasant though. Let me suck on her long nipples but not much pussy touching. just a little near the top. Her Hj was her best feature. Not rushed and a firm grip. As a result it lasted some time and she was rewarded with quite a bit load. She also made sure every last drop was out before she finished which was a nice touch.
Overall not bad. I do prefer a bigger rack though and more pussy access, So probably wouldn't ask for her next time.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 10th August 2017, 11:19 AM
Poster ID: Time Traveller
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name :Eva

Establishment : Best Massage Castle Hill

Date of Visit : 6/2/2017.

Contact Details: 7/31 Terminus St, Castle Hill Ph 0417 481 952 

Hours of Business : 10am to 8pm 

Rates : 1/2Hr - $40. 1 Hr -$65 +$50 for naked HJ extra

Age : 29

Size/shape : Tall, very slim, very small tits long nipples 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : RNT

Value for money/recommend? : Ok Value, I am going to try someone else there next time.

My experience/comments :

Eva gives a great massage, this I will give to her, she uses both her forearms and hands, she has decent technique. There was not much action to the back massage, eg no grazes etc. On the flip she asked if I wanted nude HJ, $50.Why not. Again as said on previous posts, saying a A cup would be generous, she has very small boobs and a thin frame, she is in good shape but I am a boob man. Any way a gentle front massage working her way to my cock. Took her time and used varying rhythm. Leans right into you and pushed her boobs onto you and your face, lets you suck on her nipples, no pussy access.
She works you through to completion and puts a hand over your knob to stop the cum going everywhere which is considerate. Finishes with a nice hot towel down and off you go content and clean again.

Always consistent in her work but nothing outstanding.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 27th December 2017, 05:22 PM
Poster ID: Tough
Post Title: 
 Linda - Castle Hill - Ashley's Massage - 0452 421 165
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Linda

Establishment : Ashley's Massage 

Date of Visit : Mon 18 Dec 17

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0452 421 165 - Suite 7/31 Terminus St. Castle Hill

Hours of Business : 10am-7pm

Rates : 1 hour - $60

Age : 23-25

Size/shape : Size 10 - C Cup

Nationality or Ethnicity : MLC

Services Provided : Professional massage - body slide and HE

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : Popped in on a whim. Elderly mamasan allocated Linda to me, who was pretty enough in a girl next door kind of way - apparently she normally works here on Wednesdays, but was filling in for a girl on holiday. Good English, and has been here for 4 years studying on and off. Very chatty, but also knew when to be quiet when required. Throughout she was very positive and cheerful, ensuring I was happy with her service.

Part 1 was very competent, and she knew where to concentrate her efforts on the various stubborn knots in my shoulders.

Rather unsubtley, I'd left some cash lying on the sideboard, so Part 2 was initiated by Linda with plenty of time to spare.  We agreed on $50 for a nude HE,  I asked for, more, but it was not on offer - she remained smiling despite my forthright request for FS.  Her technique was very competent, and we remained chatting and joking throughout Part 2. She must have taken a shine to me, as she spontaneously offered a body slide, saying I need only tip extra if I thought it warranted it. This was a very well executed simulated cowgirl, and had me over the line with an extremely intense orgasm after about 10 minutes. With still about 10 minutes to spare, she gave me a very good head and neck massage. There were hot towel rub downs between parts 1 and 2, as well as at the end.

All in all a very satisfying session with a girl who is very eager to please (within her boundaries) and who exudes a great aura - I gave her an additional $20 for the body slide, which was well worth it. I would see her again, although I doubt there would be much more on offer.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 27th December 2017, 05:34 PM
Poster ID: WOTAN01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
How did you find Linda, where does she advertise?


Floor: #6
Post Time: 27th December 2017, 06:44 PM
Poster ID: Tough
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
There is no advertising that I can find, just a flashing 'Massage' sign outside the venue - address and telephone have been supplied.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 8th January 2018, 02:18 PM
Poster ID: Darkmanjt
Post Title: 
 Yuki - Ashleys Massage - Castle Hill NSW - 0417 481 952
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Yuki

Establishment : Ashleys Massage Castle Hill.

Date of Visit : Wednesday 18th October 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : ?Castle Hill full body oil massage 0417 481 952?Sun: Eva, Jennifer & Crystal - Sydney body rubs - cracker.com.au
0417 481 952
 Suite 7/31 Terminus St, Castle Hill

Hours of Business : 7 days. 10am to 7pm.

Rates : Full Body Remedial Oil Massage
30 mins ------ $40
45 mins ------ $55
60 mins ------ $65
90 mins ------ $110
$50 nude Handjob extra.

Age : 21 to 24

Size/shape : slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian

Services Provided : Nude Handjob. 

Value for money/recommend? : Yes!

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

I visited the massage place on Wednesday morning and was greeted by Yuki
 She asked for how long and I paid her for 45minutes. She led me to a nice large room with low lighting. The massage table was big and steady so she was able to give a good massage. 

She asked me to completely undressed and began the massage. While not as hard as I would like she was very proficient in giving a good theraputic massage. Helped kneed away some of the knots in my back.

She spoke English well and kept complimenting my body. When she asked me to turn around she asked if I wanted a nude HJ for $50. Of course I said yes and she undressed. She had a slim figure with A to B cup size breasts and a full bush. She was seemed quite excited herself and kissed my chest and neck during the handjob. She left me feel her body and I began fingering her. She did a really good job and was really keen. Definitely go back agaiin.


Floor: #8
Post Time: 18th February 2020, 05:10 PM
Poster ID: ichiro
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Nimi

Establishment : Ashleys Massage Castle Hill 

Date of Visit : 9 Feb 2020

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.facebook.com/castlehillashleysmassage/

Phone :0417 481 952

Hours of Business : 10-7pm 7 days 

Rates : 60 for an hr , 50 for 45 min 

Age : late 20s 

Size/shape : petite 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Massage and RnT

Value for money/recommend? : Yes 

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

It was a very wet Sunday and I took the opportunity to try a new location 
I parked in the local carpark . I understand they have their own parking so there are enough options Upon arriving to the establishment I was greeted with a nice welcome by Nimi and ushered into the room 
I initially asked for 30 min massage as I had never been here before. Nimi was happy and walked out of the room and started preparation. 
The interesting thing was that another punter walked in a couple of minutes after me and I over heard his conversation. He  was very insistent on seeing Nimi and put the pressure on the two ladies in the parlour. After hearing this I assumed Nimi was in high demand and probably a good masseuse so when Nimi returned to my room to discuss the situation I quickly informed her that I wanted her for 45 min and told her not to go to the other customer – success 
Part 1 – Nimi was a very good masseuse . I undressed fully and lay on the table on my front. She was very nice and complimentary of my body saying nice things.  Nimi asked if I wanted hard/soft etc and I instructed her that I wanted a nice hard massage with oil and use of hands. Plenty of attention to my upper shoulders, glutes and groin area. She was very professional and very good getting into every area I asked for. I recommend her as a general masseuse  . no tackle tickle 
Part 2 – Nimi wiped me down with a clean hot towel. Once finished she began the light feather touching touching my tackle and under carriage. We discussed extras and landed on a $20 HJ. Not sure if anything else is on offer. She was wearing a short skirt but had skin coloured stockings/tights  
Nimi asked me to roll over and then started the sensual massage. Very good technique . Nice undercarriage massage , spread my legs and massaged my balls very nicely. When she got me rock hard she started to work on my cock. She let me touch her legs and bum however; she had her tights on. When I was getting close she then started to give me a nice long stroke HJ with a firm grip. Just the way I like it . Boom – exploded everywhere. She was very good. It was funny she gave me a compliment and Said I had too much and lots of load. 
Anyway we cleaned up . I gave her the $20 tip and went back out into the weather . Nimi was very good and I would be happy to see her again. 
She says she works most weekends and some weekdays


