Thread Title: Babylon Spa and Sauna -  Market City, Sydney - 9281 8886
Floor: #1
Post Time: 14th November 2016, 06:19 PM
Poster ID: Pakcabul
Post Title: 
 Babylon Spa and Sauna -  Market City, Sydney - 9281 8886
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Mimi/Miyako

Establishment : My favorite Babylon Spa and Sauna -  Market City, Sydney

Date of Visit : 31 Oct 16

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Level 2, Market City, Haymarket, 02 9281 8886 


Hours of Business : 11am - 3 am

Rates :  $250ish

Age : 20ish

Size/shape : slim, big tits, long hair

Nationality or Ethnicity : korean

Services Provided :  Massage and RnT plus

Value for money/recommend? : 

My experience/comments :

This is my favorite RnT place when in sydney, unfortunately 2 weeks ago was the first time I went back to sydney for business trip in the last 6 years.  Luckily my stay was over monday night, which is my favorite day for punting here specifically.   As usual like any other client, I got a locker key and pay $250ish for korean massage.  As the usual routine, soaping myself, changing into pyjama and sitting int he lounge.  As usual refusing the feet massage, then proceeding with available korean massage.  Well after 6 years of not being back I was surprised because there is not photo album anymore.  An older led me to somehow downstair where arrays of room are.  She asked to me get in one of the room where a girl is already there.  She didn't speek english very well but managed to introduced her name as Mimi (or Miyako).  (I know how to differentiate between english with chinese access and/or english with japanese/korean accent).

The usual started, I lied on my tummy she started climbing up my back massaging with hands and so on.  A few minutes later massage stopped than started again, this time I can feel her breast was on my back.  She rubbed many times with her nice pair and her pussy too, grinding my back.  Then, there comes hot stone where she put it on top of your back and covered you with beach towel, felt so nice!!

After that she asked my turned and lied on my back.  She then started to massage each leg and eventually moved on to rubbing her clit along both legs.  Then slowly she started playing with my cock and slided it under her clit (I told here not fucking without condy).  She then finished the cock with the best blowjob while keep groping here beautiful looking boobs and fingering her and the whole thing is over.

A lot of reviews were so negative cause' they have not tried the korean massage there.  It's one of the best there is.  The better one in sydney has either closed or has bad reviews lately.  But this one I think still stands.

Typically korean girl body is very tight even if she is slim, different from chinese girl body.

Go try boys!!!


