Thread Title: Balanced Health Massage - Long Jetty - 0450 262 798
Floor: #1
Post Time: 10th December 2018, 04:08 PM
Poster ID: Longdong Silver
Post Title: 
 Balanced Health Massage - Long Jetty - 0450 262 798
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Kerri 

Establishment : Balanced Health Massage Long Jetty 

Date of Visit : 6th Dec 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Express Advocate 

Phone :0450262798

Hours of Business : 9am to 8pm

Rates : $70 hr

Age : 30

Size/shape : medium chubby

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese 

Services Provided : massage and tease

Value for money/recommend? : yes if you don't want to get off 

My experience/comments : Saw anew place had opened in Long Jetty on the NSW Central Coast and decided to give it a go. Was met by Kerri a cherry fairly attractive Chinese lady who owns the business. All the signs were there for a great punt as i was led into the room i noticed a tissue box and Kerri told me to take all my clothes off. Her massage was nice and firm and she really worked on the sore spots on my back. She straddled me on the table another good sign and when she got to my arse and legs the towel was removed completely. She did annoy me a bit with constant chatter in Chinese to her fellow worker but the massage was god. Up the inner thigh and it was fingers rubbing the side of the ball sack and boy. I was hardening up by the minute and this seemed to encourage her. Roll over and she first replaced the towel and i rolled over. She arranged the towel so it covered my bloke and one leg and worked on the other. As she got to the high thigh area her fingers again were rubbing against the balls and i was now fully erect under the towel. Other leg and the towel hits the floor and I'm now sure a handicap was on the way but no she worked the leg and touched the balls, said it was impressive but only massage here. Any how I'm sure she enjoyed watching my hard dick as she didnt seem to look away from it. Massage over i dress and leave she said i enjoy the men but no happy ending here so i decided that was one for the team and off i went. Good for a massage but thats all


