Floor: #1
Post Time: 19th January 2018, 06:24 PM
Poster ID: andy pandy1
Post Title: 
 Beecroft Massage - 19 Wongala Cres, Beecroft - 8406 0948 / 0451 599 998
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Maggie

Establishment : Beecroft massage

Date of Visit : 19/01/2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 02) 8406 0948 / 0451 599 998 - 19 Wongala Cres, Beecroft NSW 

Hours of Business : 10 till 7.30

Rates : $40 for half hour

Age : mid thirties

Size/shape : great body with nice B cups

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : massage and HJ

Value for money/recommend? : OK only

My experience/comments : This is my first time at this establishment so I was interested to find out what it is like. You can approach from either Wongala Crescent or inside the shop at the street and up the stairs so access is good and discreet. Maggie greeted me warmly and led me to a well appointed room which was nice and cool on a hot January day. After doing the financials she left me to strip. Upon return she gave me an above average massage with a reasonable amount of suggestive stroking. She has a beautiful face and body and a friendly personality which makes her very desirable. After the flip she asked if I wanted the extras and I said yes. She removed all her clothes and started the hand job. As my hand wandered over her delightful bum and into her crack she increased the stroke rate so I couldn't go too long. That was disappointing. 
She only works Fridays at this establishment.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 6th November 2018, 11:43 PM
Poster ID: FluffyPuppy
Post Title: 
 Jenny @ Beecroft Massage, Beecroft, Sydney - 0451 599 998
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jenny (I think, her English isn't great)

Establishment : Beecroft Massage

Date of Visit : 25/10/18

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 19 Wongala Cres, Beecroft NSW 2119. 

Phone : 0451 599 998

Hours of Business : 9:30am - 7:30pm

Rates : $60 1hr massage + $50 happy ending

Age : 30ish

Size/shape : Plump (not fat)

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : BBBJ? Happy ending. Massage

Value for money/recommend? : Not really

My experience/comments : Was stuck at Beecroft station and noticed the massage place across the street. Didn't have much else on so I decided to go try in out (before this I had only really tried those established sensual massage parlours so I thought why not try something new). I go in and Jenny is waiting for me in a tight black cocktail dress. After handing over the $60 for the 1 hr massage, she leads me into the room and the clothes come off and I'm down on the table. The environment isn't great. The walls are thin and you can hear other customers coming and going, as well as the trains across the road. The massage isn't bad given that I'm really only here for a happy ending, but it's not great either. The oil used was the stock standard baby oil from Coles which doesn't really set the mood if you ask me.

After the back is done I flip over and Jenny points and at my cock and asks me if I'd like extra services. It's $50 for a happy ending and probably around $80 all up for a blowjob/BBBJ (I only had $50 cash on me so I didn't really enquire about the BJ). Anyway I say yes and Jenny takes off her tight dress and heels so that all she's wearing is her little black thong and climbs up on the bed between my legs. She's a bit plump, but not fat. Straight down to business, she lubes me up and starts going at it. Her hands are really soft and her grip strength is good. There's not much of a build up or tease, she just starts going at max pace on my rod. Despite this it's been around 5 mins or so and I'm still not too close to cumin (mainly because it's not a very interactive experience, her hand job technique was okay) so she starts using her other hand to fondle my balls. This does get me going and a few minutes later I blow a pretty explosive load. One thing I will say is that Jenny didn't seem to be very mindful of where she pointed my cannon and my first shot nearly hit my in my face. She does keep the same pace even while I'm cumming though which was a nice touch.

Overall the hand job is about as good as one would expect from this type of joint I suppose. Clinical, not very interactive and straight to the point. The thing that makes me not recommend this is how average the rest of the experience is. The rooms kinda suck, the oil they use also kinda sucks and the atmosphere doesn't really get you in the mood at all. Aside from the fact that it was somebody else jerking me off and not myself I feel like I could have gotten the same experience jacking off at home. For the newbies who don't know any better like me, save the $110 and when you have $150 spare or so, go to an actual joint instead of these half-baked establishments.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 9th April 2019, 05:33 AM
Poster ID: mrxc
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Mina

Establishment : Beecroft massage

Date of Visit : 08/04/2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://beecroft-massage.business.site/

Hours of Business : 10 till 7.30

Rates : $50 for 45

Age : 30's

Size/shape : Petite with A cups

Nationality or Ethnicity : Malay

Services Provided : Massage with BBBJ

Value for money/recommend? :  Good

My experience/comments : 

Mina walks into the room in a tight short dress, showing ample cleavage and a hint of her lacy panties, so it was pretty clear extras will be on the table today 
Paid $50 for 45 mins, strip and lay down on the table.

Massage was good and enjoyable but didn't last long.  
At the head of the table, she would massage down to my waist and rub her firm tits on my back.
During the massage, her dress will ride up so high that left nothing to the imagination.
I couldn't resist and had a good feel of that butt and pussy thru those black panties.

However, the wipe down with tissues really destroys the experience, but in hindsight it might be a lot clearer than their towels.

After the wipe down, she begins the feathering of my butt and balls.  She whispers in my ear and asked if I want her to take everything off for $50.
I asked if she can get naked and give me a BJ for $50, but we eventually agreed for $70.

I flip over and she undresses.  She was on the skinny side with very smooth soft skin, however those ample firm tits turned out to be padding.  
I was greeted with a set of A cups, so talk about false advertising 
But to be honest, they were kinda cute.  Really puffy, with big thick nipples matched with big light coloured areola.

She wipes my cock with a wet wipe, there were no talk of condoms and just started licking my balls and shaft.
She then grabs the base of my cock with one hand, stroking while sucking the top enthusiastically.  
My cock was so wet with her saliva and reminded me of a scene from pornhub.
While she was sucking, I was playing with those small puffy A's dangling in front of me, they were insanely soft and I've never seen such puffy nipples.

I had her stop and asked to suck on those tits.  She sat on my stomach and fed me those tits, while I played with her clit and fingered her.
She continued with the BJ but this time taking the whole length, with my hands on her head as she was stroking me with her mouth.
I was in heaven and unloaded, the first few squirts in her mouth and the rest all over my body.

I've had better massages and I prefer a cleaner/newer place, but it was an A+ BJ!


Floor: #4
Post Time: 3rd August 2019, 06:37 PM
Poster ID: Leslie75
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Enjoying reading, thanks. How real are the ML’s photos? Those photos shown girls looks horny.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 2nd September 2019, 10:22 AM
Poster ID: jackdanielss
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by Leslie75


Enjoying reading, thanks. How real are the ML’s photos? Those photos shown girls looks horny
"""



All fake. I went here yesterday, will post my review bit later.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 27th November 2019, 08:00 PM
Poster ID: JoJo999
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
@jackdanielss - any updates on how the Beecroft place was.... Been waiting for your review!


