Thread Title: Best Seven Hills Massage - Best road Seven Hills - 0478 412 333
Floor: #1
Post Time: 31st January 2020, 02:39 PM
Poster ID: snapjaw
Post Title: 
 Best Seven Hills Massage - Best road Seven Hills - 0478 412 333
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Kimi (or Miki)

Establishment : Best Seven Hills Massage

Date of Visit : December 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Shop 6 / 138 Best Rd, Seven Hills NSW 2147. Best Seven Hills Massage, Massage Seven Hills NSW 2147

Phone : 0478 412 333

Hours of Business : 7 days, 10am-8pm

Rates : $40/30m (rates on website)

Age : early 20s (to me at least)

Size/shape : curvy but slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Massage + nude HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : Apologies as I can't recall the exact date I visited this establishment back in December. I had gone to 28 Hope St but they didn't have any slim young girls free at the time so I drove past here and to my surprise both the shops (5 & 6/138) were open! I knew they were operating years ago but had closed down, but now they both seem to be back in business! Anyway I parked down the road and dropped into the first one, which was 6/138.

The girls presented themselves and I chose Kimi, who was the prettiest. Off we went to the room and while she took the money out to the register I disrobed and lay down on the massaged bed. She was back before long and asked if I wanted massage with oil. I declined as it was a hot day and I find it hard to wash off oil (plus it makes you more sticky!). While this seems to lessen the massage effectiveness, I don't mind as I love the skin to skin contact anyway. She was pretty good at doing it regardless.

After about 20mins of this she asked if I wanted any extras, of course I said yes  and asked what she offered. She replied with nude HJ for $50 which I accepted. I gave her the pineapple then she disrobed. Her body was pretty damn nice, good size C cups and very nice curves on her. She was not skinny but still slim and I would say her body was "full" meaning taut skin, no flabby bits here or there. I asked if she was ok with me licking her boobs and she said yes, so I went to town licking and sucking on her lovely nips. She oiled me up and stroked me to completion while I savoured her milk jugs eagerly. I tried holding off as long as I could but being jerked by a pretty girl with my mouth full of boob meant that I didn't last longer than a few minutes.

Cleaned up, got dressed and we thanked each other. I asked her name and she gave it as Kimi, but I wasn't sure later whether she said Kimi or Miki. Either way, she was pretty good, and I wouldn't mind trying her again.


