Thread Title: Blacktown COCO massage - 117 Flushcombe Rd, Blacktown -  0449 885 308
Floor: #1
Post Time: 1st March 2017, 10:48 PM
Poster ID: maximusbrown28
Post Title: 
 Blacktown COCO massage - 117 Flushcombe Rd, Blacktown -  0449 885 308
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : No idea.. I couldn't understand her name... She said she works at Lalor park on Thursdays. 

Establishment : [COLOR=rgb(0, 0, 0)]BLACKTOWN CoCo Massage[/COLOR]

Date of Visit : 22/02/17

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : http://sydney.cracker.com.au/Therape...rinks/27143172 also on blacktown advocate under Coco

Hours of Business : 9:30 to 7pm 

Rates : $30 massage and $20 hj and extras neg

Age : 40+

Size/shape : Average... stocky 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese 

Services Provided : Massage, hj , bj. fs 

Value for money/recommend? : NO 

My experience/comments : So I was in the old hood and decided to stop by here. The place is on Flushcome road, it is a private residence where the house at the front is a chiropractor and the back is the massage shop. You can drive in to the backyard and park your car in the carport or on the grass. I rocked up and there was a white ute on the grass so i had to park in the carport. Went in and was greeted by a Chinese lady. Standard issue Asian massage lady. Got into the room and you can see stuff laying around that is used for cupping. She asked how long I want to stay, I said 30mins... handed over $30 bucks.. I asked her if she did any extras and she said that the other girl was busy most likely with the guy in the white ute. She said she will get her when she is done and that she would do the massage. I said ok... she massaged me for about 15 mins.. Very standard. Then i heard the the someone leaving. My massage lady and someone else started a convo in Chinese.. she soon left the room and the other lady came in.. She asked what I wanted and I asked for FS... she said $50 to which I said ok... she started with a CBJ. She gave it about 10 sucks and wanted me to fuck her.. I was still soft. I said suck it more... she sucked me off for another 10 pumps and tried to ride me.. There was a bad smell.. like a used pussy smell... i was semi hard and then went soft real quick. She asked whats wrong... I said " you not suck long enough". She pulled the condom off and gave me a handy... I blew after 10 mins.. it was a real effort. I asked her how much she really wanted coz we didmt really do FS. she said $30 which I thought was fair. I got the fuck out there really quick. They offered me a drink before I left which I rejected. I am not sure if they have different girls but I have been there before and it was similar.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 25th March 2017, 09:08 PM
Poster ID: Aurelius
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sasha

Establishment : BLACKTOWN CoCo Massage

Date of Visit : 1st week of March

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : ????BLACKTOWN ?CoCo? Massage, Best Relaxation Experience! FREE DRINKS ???? - Sydney therapeutic massage - cracker.com.au

Hours of Business : 9:30 to 7pm

Rates : $30 massage and $30 nude hj and extras negotiable

Age : 40s

Size/shape : Average

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese 

Services Provided : Massage and nude HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Maybe/ I wont repeat

My experience/comments : Was around the area, when thought of checking out what is happening around. Stumbled upon lotsa options out of which the choice was between Bonz place or this place for a massage. Did a quick search on the forum and found out a not so interesting post. The walk to bonz place seemed quite a long one so decided to check out this place. Headed down the road towards the address but called before to find out about the rates. Some lady picked up and asked me to come and talk about the offer. Reached the place and entered from the back of the house as there is a chiropractor up front. Rang the bell and was welcomed by Sasha who ushered me into the room.
Upon entering the room, she asked me what I was after and I asked about what was on offer. She was hesitant at first but she said that she offers FS. I was reluctant upon the service as she quoted about 80. I said that I would think about what I want after the first part of the massage. Gave her 30 for half and she went out.
I noticed these glass cups which are used for some form of massage therapy to which she showed me her marks where she had used them all over her back. Stripped and lied down till she went out and came back in. There was some chatter in the background..seemed that the chiropractor was talking with someone over the phone. The environment seemed a bit odd as I as thinking if I would have taken the offer for FS, it would be a bit over the top with me banging right next door to this guy's office.
Proceeded with the massage and asked sasha to apply pressure. She started from the back and down to the legs with better than average technique. I must say that her shoulder massage really helped me relax.
On for part 2 where I was asked to turn over. There were slight hints during part 1 around my butt where she was massaging towards the junior and inner thigh specially. I was half erect by this time. She grabbed junior after applying a bit of oil and started stroking it slowly. Whispered me that I should go for FS. I started the negotiations then. She wasnt coming down from the prices so I just told her for a nude HJ instead. 
She stripped off completely to start with that. I leaned forward to suck on the tits and she was quite enthusiastic for that. She was slowly getting turned on and started stroking harder. I asked her to slow down as it would make me finish soon. She obliged and started with the slow HJ. I got disinterested in sucking and just asked her to give me the slowest HJ possbile. This is when she started the magic. Her technique was quite good as she told me that she would slow down further to prolong it. This happened about thrice and it made me go crazy. I couldnt hold it any longer and shot not too late after that. 
She cleaned me up with wet tissues and I gave her the extra 30 and exited from the back. 
I guess it was ok for the price but I wouldnt go back. Would definitely check out more places.


