Thread Title: Bliss rising - cooks rd, Centennial park - +611447577525
Floor: #1
Post Time: 5th December 2017, 11:16 AM
Poster ID: rahul0912
Post Title: 
 Bliss rising - cooks rd, Centennial park - +611447577525
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Taranga

Establishment : blissrising

Date of Visit : 27/11/2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Contact | Bliss Rising

Hours of Business : 10am – 8pm

Rates : 1.5hrs / 350$

Age : 42+

Size/shape :14 D cups

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie(not sure!)

Services Provided : Erotic massage with prostate & handjob

Value for money/recommend? worth for one-time experience, but on the higher side.

My experience/comments : 

Emailed her for an appointment and the revert back was fast. She explained the service and the fees(both cash and card option accepted for payment).
Taranga offers both tantric and erotic massage and is very skilled at what she does. She guided me to her flat with the detailed address and met me at the door with a smile and a hug. She immediately makes you relaxed and offers a quick warm shower. Payment was done upfront before the session starts. The tantric massage is which leads to so-called full body orgasm(directing energy inside instead of ejaculating) which does not end in a release. While the erotic body massage involves a lot of sensual massage at the right places and ends in a handjob and a release. Unlike tantric massage, in the latter one, she gets nude and through her sensual and erotic touches make you feel calm and relaxed. I lay down on the massage table and for the next 90 minutes, and experienced an excellent massage, alternating between heavenly relaxation and arousal of erogenous zones. The session ends with a nice handjob. Please note there is no sex offered. The experience was submissive and completely self – indulgent listening to music and enjoying the caress of experienced hands. Although she is not my type, I would definitely recommend her massage session which left me blissful and relaxed. Thank you for reading!!


