Floor: #1
Post Time: 6th October 2015, 03:24 PM
Poster ID: Thereyouare
Post Title: 
 CBD Elite Massage - Level 1/378 Pitt St Sydney - 0422 272 388
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Yoko


Establishment : Sydney CBD Elite Massage



Date of Visit : Wednesday 30th September



Contact Details/Address/Weblink : www.cbdmassage378.com 
378 Pitt Street, CBD



Hours of Business : 10.30am - 1.30am



Rates : $65/hour oil massage



Age : early 20s



Size/shape : slim, attractive



Nationality or Ethnicity : Hong Kong



Services Provided : Massage and 'whatever I wanted she'd try'!!



Value for money/recommend? : NO



My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

Was in Sydney for a few days and while there like the plethora of choice you have available! Did a bit of research before going and liked the look of the girls on the roster and their photos so thought would give this place a nudge.
 Was greeted by a friendly guy who asked how long etc and showed priced, booked for an hour and told me Yoko was free now.  First alarm bell was no Yoko on todays roster but while I was there thought OK and asked to see the other girls too if there were others.  Guy told me Yoko very pretty and best massage.  Was introduced to Yoko and agree she was pretty, from HK, young 20s, medium long black hair, slim.  Was introduced to a couple of others, Yoko was more to my taste for sure the others being easily in their 30s or more!  Not quite all the young Asian students the website lead me to believe.
 Anyways, massage started with strip and towel.  Was asked if I wanted soft/med/hard thought good sign so ordered hard as per usual particularly back.  The massage started with her walking up and down my spine and upper thighs.....the massage ended with her walking up and down my spine.  She told me this was her first day, I couldn't help but think for once I was being told the truth.  She had NO idea.  On the flip she said I'm better at other things then offered whatever I wanted 'she'd try' for $500!!!  I like a girl with a sense of humour but her look back was puzzled.  I got my things and sore back and left.  Do not waste your time or money here
 Suspect more of a brothel than a massage rnt joint but not my bag so didn't wait to find out.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 13th June 2017, 02:26 AM
Poster ID: sugarpappy888
Post Title: 
 Wendy - 378 CBD Posh Massage, CBD, Haymarket, Sydney - 0422 272 388
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Wendy

Establishment : 378 CBD Posh Massage

Date of Visit : May 19, 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : cbdmassage378.com, 378 Pitt St, Sydney

Hours of Business : 10am to late

Rates : $60/hour

Age : 27 (Estimate)

Size/shape : Petite, medium size bush, B cups natural

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Massage + Nude HJ

Value for money/recommend? : No

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

The location is not very discreet at all, on the main road. Lots of street traffic, you had to walk pass this packed Korean restaurant. The receptionist is this shady looking old chinese dude. He tried to upsell me a longer massage than I wanted for awhile.

The rooms are quite clean, locked doors with mirrors around the massage table. No shower, just a sink.

I got Wendy, apparently she just started there, her english is conversational. She was quite petite, and perhaps could be older than my estimate, up to 30. 

Her massage was very weak and light, not much teasing. Didn't talk too much. It was more like light finger rubbing than massage.

Time came to the flip she asked me "you want any extras?". I asked what extras there were. She said she can do a full nude HJ for $50 or a covered BJ for $70. I asked about a BBBJ, she said covered only. So I opted for the full nude HJ.

She had some natural B tits, a medium sized bush. She was ok with be playing with her breasts, I gave them a good squeeze as she stayed on the side of the massage table mostly. I traveled down below and she seemed ok with be playing with her pussy. I tried fingering a bit, and she squirmed a bit so I just played with her clit during the release.

The actual release was very mechanical, she didn't look at me once. Went from slow bumps to very fast bumps quickly. After it was done she cleaned me up quickly and I was on my way.

Also, I paid for 45 mins but was probably in and out in 30. Overall experience, C.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 18th June 2017, 08:44 PM
Poster ID: jury
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Linda

Establishment : Elite CBD Massage 0422272388

Date of Visit : 10/05/2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : www.cbdmasssage378.com

Hours of Business : 9:30am to 2:30am

Rates : $40 30mins | $55 45mins | $65 60mins | $100 90mins

Age : 40

Size/shape : Average

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : HJ with extras (sneaky FS) 

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : I visit this R&T place sometimes when i'm looking for a quick fix. I've found that the talent can vary and Linda was initially disappointing she walked into the room wearing a white dress that made her appear a little stocky. However she quickly proved to be skilled at getting her kit off and didn't mind me fingering her pussy which quickly got wet while she stroked away. Once I felt how wet she was I asked her if she would give me a BJ. She motioned back if I wanted to fuck. Not sure what got lost in translation but I wasn't complaining! She quickly got a dom from her bag, told me to be quiet and jumped upon the massage table and straddled me for some cowgirl. I was surprised to say the least and found the quick upgrade from handjob, straight past blowjob to FS so hot I blew into the bag pretty quick. YMMV and I haven't had the good fortune of getting a 'massage' from Linda again here. All up $40 for the room and $50 for what turned out to be a quickie FS. Usually $50 here will get you a naked body to body massage. Again YMMV.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 18th June 2017, 09:03 PM
Poster ID: jury
Post Title: 
 Judy - Elite CBD Massage, Sydney CBD - 0422272388
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Judy

Establishment : Elite CBD Massage 0422272388

Date of Visit : 29/05/2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : http://www.cbdmasssage378.com

Hours of Business :  9:30am to 2:30am

Rates : $40 30mins | $55 45mins | $65 60mins | $100 90mins

Age : 22

Size/shape : Average

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : HJ with extras (covered BJ and quick FS)

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments :    

Given recent good luck with this place, i'd thought i'd try again with the 'I just want a quick massage, actually i mean a BJ' routine. I've had success with this here before, particularly when visiting when the shop is quiet, i.e. weekday morning or mid-afternoon on weekends. I think it is upto the girl if she likes you and wants to risk giving something beyond the sanctioned HJ routine. There are 'no sex' signs on the wall but I have had luck here before. This occasion was another such lucky day. Judy and I had immediate chemistry and without even talking about how much she had dommed me up and was on her knees giving me a very sensual blowjob. I must say i could feel her caring and sensitive soul through her lips through my cock in spite of the rubber. She eventually got sore knees and got up, but only after making sure i'd had enough. I motioned for her to lie back on the bed/table and she spread her pussy for me to get straight in. The illicit nature of FS at what is actually a R'n'T venue again got the better of me and i blew too fast to really enjoy Judy's pussy, but again way above and beyond the standard R'n'T experience. I stress YMMV and there are plenty of other visits i've made to this place where the attitude is much more mercenary, barely getting a smile let alone a HJ out of the girl. I think its just down to chemistry and if you connect on the day, which i guess is why it is called punting.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 24th January 2018, 08:33 PM
Poster ID: lenny888
Post Title: 
 Bree- CBD 378, 378 Pitt St Sydney-0422 272 388
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Bree

Establishment : CBD378 , 378 Pitt St

Date of Visit : Dec 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0422 272 388

Hours of Business : 24 hours

Rates : $120 for 60 mins

Age : early 20's

Size/shape : curvy fit,  D cups

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : Happy Ending

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

The shop itself looks a little run down with poor lighting. There was a single shower to use that you can only use via walking through reception. Bree herself is fit and curvy. A friendly talkative personality her massage hit the right knots and was good but not the best. Her body to body was very thorough and lasted a good 5 minutes. She knows how to use her hands and ample breasts to their potential.No kissing was allowed nor touching down below. Otherwise an experience to recommend!


Floor: #6
Post Time: 31st January 2018, 11:25 AM
Poster ID: flygtfalcon
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Judy

Establishment : 378 Elite Massage Sydney

Date of Visit : 29 January 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :
https://www.cbdmassage378.com

Hours of Business : I think this is a 24 hour shop

Rates : $40 for 30 minute massage + extra $50 for nude R&T
I paid a total of $90

Age : Not the young students that they advertise late 30's to early 40's

Size/shape : maybe. Size 10 dress size, more sticky than curvy.
Natural "c" cups with the thickest, longest and blackest nipples I have ever seen.

Nationality or Ethnicity : provincial Chinese

Services Provided : basic massage, erotic tug and force fed nipples.

Value for money/recommend? : this is the going rate for these types of shops, being force fed these super thick nipples was what made this value for money.

My experience/comments :
This is your typical city massage shop on a busy street.
The shop has seen better days and the website advertises they have young Asians which i don't think is true.
Judy was the only one available and I wasn't overly keen on Judy, she assured me I won't be disapointed.
$40 for the boss and $50 for Judy.  

Judy helped me undress, pulled a breast out of her top And force fed me her fat nipple. 
This set the theme for what was to follow for the next 30 minutes. 

Basic massaging, rubbed her boobs all over me. Then very good tug, Judy wet wiped the oil off her nipples so I could suck them while she did the tugging.
Hot towel cleanup, dressed and on my way.

Not sure if I will go back.

I suspect FS is available for extra if this is what you want.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 28th September 2018, 01:54 AM
Poster ID: jqmitch
Post Title: 
 Nana @ CBD elite 0422272388
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Nana (May have been yaya, hard to catch)

Establishment : CBD Elite 

Date of Visit : 1 August 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 378 Pitt St

Phone : 0422272388

Hours of Business : open late - maybe 2am

Rates : $110 (maybe$120)

Age : early 20s

Size/shape : Thin, small breasts

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : b2b and hand job

Value for money/recommend? : only for a cheap and cheerful

My experience/comments: 

2nd time to the establishment - only went as a I had a late appointment in the city and wanted some pleasure before heading to bed

chose nana from the line up and off to the cubicle / small
room.

starts with a massage (pretty poor) whilst she is clothed. Halfway through she strips off and rubs b2! On my back. The lack of oil made it clunky

i soon roll over and she continues the rub and grinds pretty well, allowing a good suck of her tits

she soon focussed on the tug which was probably the best party's she used quitea bit of oil. I had finished early so she did continue the massage until time was up.

would I go back? Only for a cheap and cheerful -  but probably try someone new


Floor: #8
Post Time: 10th May 2019, 12:09 AM
Poster ID: Amested
Post Title: 
 CBD 378 Elite Massage
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : JuJu

Establishment : CBD 378 Elite Massage

Date of Visit : April 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :https://www.cbdmassage378.com/

Phone :0422 272 388

Hours of Business : 9am -3am

Rates : 110 for 45 mins nude with HE

Age : mid 20's

Size/shape : tall slim size 6 b cups

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Massage and Nude HE

Value for money/recommend? : not really 

My experience/comments : been a while since I posted and this is one I should have known better for. I did check for it on here but couldn't seem to find it. Basically was feeling poor and needed a release and this was a 4.4 on google reviews. No idea why, basically place is one of 3 in a row on Pitt St. Anyways in I go up the stairs and told one girl available other ready in 5. 
Room is clean and tidy proper table with a face hole.
Now JuJu is gorgeous, I suspect she's new as she could in my opinion do much better. On the other hand the rest was crap, massage was well a rub but didn't really tick any boxes except for me enjoying checking out her fine form in the mirror that was in the room. Short dress and great tits pushing up out of the bra. 
On to the flip and she strips off, did I mention she was hot, but unfortunately that's her only skill. Oiled up the fella and while there was effort light kissing of the chest etc.. I just wasn't into it.
touching was fine but nothing between the legs, in the end I was horny enough that it didn't Really matter and got the release I was afte. like I said the view was pleasant. 
Body slide and bbj was 50 extra which I declined, maybe that was the issue?

Anyways probably should have known better but sometimes you forget to think with the right brain and if you just want to get off while checking out the view, you could do worse I suppose.


Floor: #9
Post Time: 2nd September 2019, 11:02 AM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Took a look at this place on the weekend.  The boysan was asleep at the desk.  I did everything to wake him bar touching him and it failed.  So i slammed the door shut after re opening it, and that got the job done.  Met a Brazilian and a Thai girl who were both young, but declined.  This new Auxxx reviews advertised shop is very clean.


