Thread Title: Central Massage - 131 Kippax St Surry Hills - 0452 637 131
Floor: #1
Post Time: 29th January 2019, 01:30 PM
Poster ID: tcopaspro
Post Title: 
 Central Massage - 131 Kippax St Surry Hills - 0452 637 131
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Joanna

Establishment : Central Massage

Date of Visit : Mid December 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Surry Hills Erotic Massage CBD | 131 Central Massage CBD

Phone  :0452637131 
Hours of Business : 10am ~ 8pm 
Rates : 90 for 60 min (Promotional price)

Age : Mid 30

Size/shape : Curvy, hourglass body, enhanced breast, lovely firm bums

Nationality or Ethnicity : Brazillian

Services Provided : NHJ

Value for money/recommend? : YES!!

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)


Joanna is one of the hidden(?) gems. i wonder why there's no review about her.
decided to try this place one afternoon. The place was alright although it was a bit hot with no air con.
i came in early and waited in the room. when joanna came in and introduced herself, i could not stop looking at her body. Nice slim waist with big boobs and lovely bums.

Part 1
She started with gentle back massage and was very chatty. from the conversation, i could tell that she's an intelligent person. You'd be surprised to know her experience before working in this place. She can give good strong massage if you prefer it. I enjoyed the massage and the chat with her.

Part 2
asked her to strip and the first thing i did was i squeezed her bum. it was firm and i couldn't get enough. she allowed me to play with her boobs but no finger in her genital area, which was fine. She could control the tempo and i finished with a big load. after that, she wiped me and gave me hot towel. we had 10 mins or so left and she offered to massage my shoulder which was nice. for a moment i felt i was with someone i'd known for a while, it didn't feel like a rigid service where you come, get Hj and leave.

I left feeling happy and with a wide grin on my face. haven't had the chance to return and see her again but hopefully i will see her again before she gets busier


Floor: #2
Post Time: 6th April 2019, 02:39 PM
Poster ID: Ozziesam
Post Title: 
 Sunny from Columbia - Pyrmont Star Massage
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sunny

Establishment : Pyrmont Star Massage

Date of Visit : early April

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : central massage.com.au

Phone : 0452637131

Hours of Business : 10am to 9pm

Rates : $100 all inclusive

Age : late 20s

Size/shape : 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Columbia

Services Provided : massage + b2b + hj 

Value for money/recommend? : yes

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

First time visited to this place (no regrets and worth the travel for me). I had my eye set on this Colombian beauty so I rang up to make a booking. Sunny was available when I arrived so I followed her from behind to the room - seeing that tight ASS already made me excited.

When I got to the room I was very impressed to see how clean and spacious it was.

Sunny is a new girl only been there a few weeks. But I can tell she will be up the top with the rest of the girls at this joint in no time. She has an hour glass figure very nice boobs and firm ass. One of my new favorite gems now, after seeing her she had given me the afterglow. I felt very comfortable with her, she is easy to talk to and very friendly like the girl next door. So there was no awkward silence. It has been a long time since I had a good conversation with a ML. As most are like a business transaction.

Part2 was B2b with lots of touching, and Sunny allows access to most areas... Her HJ skills are very good with sensual slow motion and the best part was the eye contact. When I was about to explode, she smiled and increased the pace and I erupted with joy !

The overall experience was amazing with Sunny that  I just didn't want to leave.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 7th April 2019, 09:46 PM
Poster ID: InnocentDave
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I think the address of this place shown for this thread is incorrect. It should be 105 Harris Street in Pyrmont. I think they recently moved there.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 8th April 2019, 06:32 AM
Poster ID: nextlif
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Are you sure? We have a thread for a shop at that address posted in June 2017....
https://auxxxreviews.com/forum/f351/...ght=105+Harris


Floor: #5
Post Time: 8th April 2019, 10:05 AM
Poster ID: sleazyryder
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by nextlife


Are you sure? We have a thread for a shop at that address posted in June 2017....
https://auxxxreviews.com/forum/f351/...ght=105+Harri
"""



Pyrmont Asian Full Body Massage CBD | Pyrmont Star Massage

The homepage appears to confirm what InnocentDave has reported. Don't know but perhaps the two threads should be combined.... The link from the earlier post at 131 Kippax now has 105 Harris as the address and contact details appear similar.... but the thing is it might be a combining of common resources or a consolidation of two different shops.

Happy to investigate further if required or need be.

SR.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 9th April 2019, 11:01 PM
Poster ID: InnocentDave
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Venus

Establishment : Central Massage

Date of Visit : Early April 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://centralmassage.com.au/

Phone :0452637131 

Hours of Business :10am ~ 8pm

Rates: 100 for 60 min (Promotional price in April)

Age: late 20s to early 30s

Size/shape: Slim 

Nationality or Ethnicity: Thai

Services Provided: massage, nude HJ

Value for money/recommend?: Maybe

My experience/comments: 
I decided to check this place out after hearing they are providing an all inclusive massage (massage + nude HJ) for a low price of 100AUD. I contacted them via wechat, and asked for a girl who is slim and has good looking legs. They recommended Venus, so I was on my way.

I was content with what I saw when they introduced Venus to me. She was not the prettiest girl I have seen, and she was a bit older than I had expected, but they were right. She was slim and had nice looking legs. 

The massage was average. Venus definitely put a lot of effort into it, but I didn't really feel relaxed and none of the tensions in my muscles were relieved. However, she does like to tease! She started stroking my upper thigh and tickling my balls even before she touched my back! After the flip, she stripped and started giving me a decent body slide. She allows touching almost everywhere. I blew my load and was a satisfied man.

Even though the service was good for the low price of 100, I still think Sydney Baby Massage is the watermark for erotic massages. I might visit this establishment again before the promotional price ends, but there is still a bit of ways to go before this place becomes an establishment I frequent.


