Thread Title: Cherry - Massage Oasis 208 - 02  9569 4407
Floor: #1
Post Time: 25th November 2018, 11:53 AM
Poster ID: seekfun
Post Title: 
 Cherry - Massage Oasis 208 - 02  9569 4407
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Cherry

Establishment : Massage Oasis 208

Date of Visit : 15/10/2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 208 Parramatta Road, Stanmore

Phone : 9569 4407

Hours of Business : 10am - 10pm

Rates : $120/hour

Age : mid 20's

Size/shape : Tiny

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Massage + HE

I went to the shop at night. Cherry opened door, standing there cute as fuck in short hot pant denim jeans. That's it. She would be my girl for that night. If they were any higher, she'd be splitting her camel toe in toe. She had a tight white top on, short sleeve. Long dark hair, very pretty features. Smaller / shorter than I thought. Very petite. If you ever got to bang her, she would be a lot of fun.

The room is very clean. Massage table in the centre. Clean shower and amenities. Thai vibes with incense and Buddhas etc around the place. I sit on the bed and we chat. I asked her for a one hour deep tissue massage. She said ok and stood up, then it got a bit awkward. Usually I would expect them to say get on the massage bed, take this off, put this on, etc. But nothing. Instead, I said "so, all my clothes off?" and she said "sure, whatever you're comfortable with" .. I am sure that this play would help escalate things quicker to what I was after -- a nice massage with a happy ending. So I strip off in front of her (she didn't take her eye off me or walk away), get on the massage table face down.

She's good. For her size, she's got a great grip and strength. She stood on my back and a bunch of other things. Due to her size and being so petite, it feels like she can get up and all around you. We made some small talk during the massage. I felt it was quite sensual and felt like she was into it. I just got back from a couple of weeks in Dubai, so I was tanned and smelling and looking of holiday freshness (lol). Maybe she was enjoying massaging me? Can't be sure. But it felt great! After 40-45 mins, she finishes with a head massage and then whispers in my ear "ok... massage done... do you want anything else"? That's when we got down to business.

She offers b2b and some naked massage stuff, but all I was interested in was a happy ending. I roll over, she sits between my legs and gets some hot oil. She slowly touches and massages down my legs and lightly striking around my hips and waist. Each time getting a little closer to my man, and each time I am pumping more and more blood into it as I get more erect. She really knows how to turn a guy on and get him going and without rushing it. She did it slowly, lots of build up, and eventually she had more warm oil in her hands and massaging the inside of my legs, my balls and my member. It was slow to begin with and I'm a little hazy as I was still waking up out of an amazing deep tissue massage.

Next thing I know (this is a first) is she started to use her feet about my cock. I've never had this before and it felt fucking amazing. She alternated between her feet, hands and a handjob. Each time getting me super hard and stroking it harder and harder, then stopping and bringing things down again. She kept doing this and getting more and more intense until I could feel I was close to coming. It felt so great so I held off -- the foot job alone felt fucking amazing and knew it would make me explode. The rest is a bit of a blur but she brought me close, I held onto her feet (she was sitting between me with her legs either side of me) and started rubbing her feet and legs. As I was close to coming, I gave her an indication/word/squeeze that I was close. She from her feet to her hands and directed my member away from her. Her warm hands, warm oil, hard cock and motions got the better of me and she aimed it away from her onto my chest as I exploded. She had her face and head so close I thought either she was going to go down on me to help me out or I'd end up giving her an accidental (or intentional ) facial. In retrospect, I don't know if that's her thing (going close to give head) or because I felt a connection and that she was into it maybe she was getting turned on herself? I would have died to have been in her mouth! But anyway, as this was all going on and as I came close... she moved it away from her and her face and I came hard all over myself. The entire time as well she made constant eye contact. It was intense, deep and a look I've not seen except when I watch pornos. Either she's an amazing actress or she has a bad as fuck streak to her and has this amazing, deep, naughty, bad ass stare as she looks at you while she gets you off. It perplexed me. I couldn't tell if it was an act, disgust, attraction, horniness. I felt eye fucked.

After I exploded, she helped cleaned me up and offered a shower. I had a shower, got changed, paid for her services and had a chat. She didn't seem in a rush to get rid of me. Again, in retrospect, maybe if I had of stayed we would of ended up chatting for at least another 10-20 minutes. But I kind of left and didn't stay beyond a quick chat and putting my shoes on. As they say, always keep a woman wanting more!

Definitely I can't wait to see her and return. I might try the naked/b2b massage, or try my luck if I offer her enough $$$ for FS (or at least a BJ). Maybe I won't strike this up until I've seen her a couple of times and earned her trust so that if she says no we can still continue with a great massage + happy ending.


