Floor: #1
Post Time: 30th April 2014, 12:53 PM
Poster ID: R0D
Post Title: 
 Chinese Remedy Massage - G/285 Pennant Hills Rd, Carlingford - 02 8872 4561
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Cindy or maybe its spellt Sin Dee

Establishment : Carlingford Massage on Pennant Hills Rd, near Bunnings

Date of Visit : 15/4/2004

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 88724561. G/285 Pennant Hills Rd. Carlingford 

Hours of Business : 10 till 7

Rates : $35 for half an hour

Age : early thirties

Size/shape : Shapely size 14 with C cups 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Massage and extras such as a nude hand job for $50 offered 

Value for money/recommend? : Yes for the massage but a nude hand job for $50 seemed a bit excessive  

My experience/comments : 

This place has been open for a year or so going by adverts in the local paper and the "massage" sign on the street outside the door to the building. I was met by Cindy who was dressed in a nice tight black dress that hugged her figure nicely and showed she had a decent pair of tits underneath. I was shown to one of two cubicles (who's walls did not go to the ceiling) and paid $35 for a half hour massage which was pretty well performed. About twenty minutes in Cindy started moving away from a straight massage and started to increase her body contact with me. This started with her thighs pressing against my arms/head and then she did a neat move from one side of the massage table to the other by straddling my body. She then asked me to turn over and asked me if I would like a hand job. I said yes as by that point I certainly did. She said that would be $50 for a nude hand job but I wasn't going to pay that so after a bit of haggling it was reduced to $20 for a topless hand job. Seemingly she couldn't do topless with the one piece dress she had on but the $20 seemed to do the trick. She then peeled her dress down to her waist and removed her bra to reveal her pert C cuppers. I got to give her tits a good feel as she wanked me off and she had nice largish brown areolas that added to their charm. All in all not too bad for a massage but once aroused be careful or the cash may flow.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 11th January 2015, 07:36 PM
Poster ID: Brian5150
Post Title: 
 Ada - Carlingford
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Ada

Establishment : 285 pennant hills rd Carlingford NSW

Date of Visit : 04/12/2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :285 pennant hills rd Carlingford NSW. 8872 4561.

Hours of Business : 10am - 8Pm

Rates : $35 1/2Hr $50 Naked Massage with HJ etc

Age : 24

Size/shape : Thin, Medium height, C cup

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian

Services Provided : Naked Massage with HJ etc

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments :

This was the third time I had seen Ada, And was a lot warmer this time as she remembered me.

After handing over the cash I was glad to be reacquainted with her fantastic body and beautiful tits.

Her tits are the perfect size for her slender frame with cute little nipples that stick out. 

After sucking in them for a while I laid down on my back and she started to give me a HJ as I played with her ass.

She also let my play with her a little but as with most young Chinese girls, no fingers inside.

I then started sucking on her tits again and by this time I was getting pretty close as she was turning me on in a big way.

I think she knew I was close, so she then got on the table on all fours and started rubbing my cock with her stomach, just below her tits.  

That did it. After about 15 seconds I couldn't hold on any longer and came covering us both in cum.

She seemed pleased with her efforts. And after a clean up. finished off the 1/2 hr was a massage.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 12th January 2015, 06:40 AM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
A web ad for this business, Chinese Remedy Massage in Carlingford,NSW-(02)-9871 1647

This one has the location on a map, http://www.whereis.com/nsw/carlingfo...lowId-14605032


Floor: #4
Post Time: 6th February 2015, 09:49 AM
Poster ID: LUNGOR
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by Brian5150


Person's Name : Ada 

Establishment : 285 pennant hills rd Carlingford NSW

Date of Visit : 04/12/2014
.

"""





Good on you brother and it pays to be a regular !

Sounds like she got naked pretty much from the start and you had your nude play first and massage later, I always prefer that order as you can really enjoy the massage after your release !

And she used her tummy to make you cum! That's gold !

Cheers


Floor: #5
Post Time: 13th February 2015, 02:32 PM
Poster ID: Brian5150
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Does anyone know if they have changed their phone number or have closed? As their phone is giving a "this number is disconnected" message.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 13th February 2015, 03:06 PM
Poster ID: WOTAN01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by Brian5150


Does anyone know if they have changed their phone number or have closed? As their phone is giving a "this number is disconnected" message
"""



Brian,In that case, you could go and investigate and inform us of the result.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 15th February 2015, 12:51 PM
Poster ID: Brian5150
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
New phone number. 88724561. 
They have moved into the unit next door at the same address.


Floor: #8
Post Time: 15th February 2015, 01:01 PM
Poster ID: nextlif
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thank you Brian5150. Phone number changed


Floor: #9
Post Time: 26th December 2015, 04:01 PM
Poster ID: bbq443311
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Anna

Establishment : 285B Pennant Hills Rd

Date of Visit : 28/11/2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 285B Pennant Hills Rd, Carlingford NSW 2118 +61288724561

Hours of Business : 10am to 8pm

Rates 60/hr extra 70$

Age : 23~27

Size/shape : siz7~8 slim c cup

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : hj, bj , massage

Value for money/recommend? : yes

My experience/comments : Needed a nice relaxing massage and they are usually available


Walked in, no booking and got in straight away. They got 3 Asian girls and i choice the biggest boob lol


part 1:

$60 for the hour which is pretty standard.
nothing much to say its good

part2happy ending)
extra 50$ for cloths off b2b an other extra $20 for a BJ
first she tack off her cloths and teasing everywhere your body (even in the ass lol
and hj a bit den condom on n for a BJ

will go back 4 sure
but she only workin on the weekwends


Floor: #10
Post Time: 17th July 2016, 02:26 PM
Poster ID: Brian5150
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jacquelyn

Establishment : 285 pennant hills rd Carlingford NSW

Date of Visit : 28/06/2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :285 pennant hills rd Carlingford NSW. 8872 4561.

Hours of Business : 10am - 8Pm

Rates : $35 1/2Hr $50 Naked Massage with HJ etc

Age : 29

Size/shape : Average, Medium height, C cup 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian

Services Provided : Naked Massage with HJ etc

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments :
Been to this place a few times before, but not for a while. So had some spare time and was in the area so decided to have a punt as you do.  Jacquelyn happened to be the girl I got on this occasion. We hit it off straight away. Her English is very good. Having moved to Aus from China when she was younger. Not chatty but easy to talk to. Her massage is quite good but got better when she got on the table and sat on my arse. Rubbing her still clothed pussy on my arse as she gave a good lower back massage. When it came to turn over time I agreed to the naked option. She has a nice curvy body but the stand out were her tits. She said they were C cups, but they look a lot bigger on her frame. Plus they have a beautiful shape and nice big nipples which I find more of a turn on than size. Her pussy was shaved and she didn't object to a little rubbing down there either. After sucking on those lovely tits for a while and touching her ass and pussy when i could I was pretty close. Her great hand action helped too. Nice firm grip and not to fast. I think she could tell I was ready to cum, so she got onto the table below me and sped up her action. Not being able to hold on any longer she was rewarded with a nice big load.
Overall a very good massage and will probably ask for her again if I'm in the area again on a Tuesday.


Floor: #11
Post Time: 6th August 2017, 08:33 PM
Poster ID: xxxl
Post Title: 
 Mei - Chinese Remedy Massage - (02) 8872 4561
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Mei

Establishment : Chinese Remedy Massage, Carlingford, NSW

Date of Visit : 26/7/2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 285 Pennant Hills Rd, Carlingford NSW 2118, Phone: (02) 8872 4561

Hours of Business : 10:00 to 19:00

Rates : $35 1/2 hour massage, extras - HJ $20, nude $40

Age : mid to late 20s

Size/shape : Shortish (even for Chinese, prob around 155cm), Slim but some nice curves around bust and bum

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : R&T - Massage + HJ

Value for money/recommend? : No. Mei seemed pleasant at first but during my half hour it started to dawn on me that she seems a bit distant and possible unhappy - this is my assessment anyway. 

My experience/comments : After confirming I wanted the half hour massage and confirming the fee for this service, I stripped and lay on the massage table. Mei re-entered the room and made some small talk (where do you live, are you working today, etc.), fairly normal stuff. I didn't think much of it but thinking back now, this seemed a bit forced, like she was hardly even aware of the conversation or something. That sounds a bit weird I know but that is the impression I've got.

Anyway she proceeded to give me a fairly decent massage. She was able to work around my back and legs and did a reasonable job. I say reasonable but not great, as it was not really firm enough to get some genuine muscle therapy type of result, but it did cover most of my back, shoulders, legs and feet reasonably well.

Then after probably around 15 minutes of this, Mei asks the standard question about whether I want any HJ. I confirm this with a yes and a smile.

But then a bit of an alarm bell for me - no tackle tickle to speak of whatsoever before she asks me to turn over. In my experience, often the better the tackle tickle, the better the following tug, so this was the point that I started to have some doubts.

Then she went straight to work on the HJ, and while competent there was not much sexy in anything she did, it was all go as fast as she can on my hard dick while showing no interest in anything at all. I moved my hand to try touch a piece of her curved ass but she also seemed to be not really keen on this and moved around a bit to position herself a bit more out of reach. All this time she stared blankly into the distance, again looking like she really didn't like being there right at that time. I blew my load without any issue, as I'd gone in pretty horny and it was not going to be a long time to get there.

All in all I don't really know what to make of this girl, whether she was just having a bad day or if there is something else with her. But it's an experience I'd avoid in future. If I do return to the place and she turns up I would politely ask for another ML or just exit!


Floor: #12
Post Time: 24th October 2019, 08:43 PM
Poster ID: Kuscool
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Nina

Establishment : chinese-remedy-massage-carlingford, Lvl 1 285 Pennant Hills Road,  Carlingford 

Date of Visit : 23 Oct 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://chinese-remedy-massage-carli...business.site/

Phone : 02 8872 4561

Hours of Business : 10:00 - 19:30

Rates : 30 min $40, 45 min $50, 60 min $60 

Age : Late 20s

Size/shape : 53kgs (she told me), nice shape not skinny, B's, shaved undercarriage fluff on top. cute arse, nice big lips and clit (very tasty)

Nationality or Ethnicity : MLC - Beijing girl

Services Provided : Massage, NHJ, CBJ, DATY, FS various positions

Value for money/recommend? : Yup

My experience/comments : 

Used to go here a lot when I first started punting, originally in a smaller shop run by Jenny who introduced me to a lot of the finer points of MLs and RandT.  She was great and I believe she now has a FS place in the southern suburbs but not sure which one....

Have been here a few months ago and had a great session with an ML that has become a regular at another shop and is a bit shy about reviews etc. incase her partner sees them, but I digress.........

Decided to give the place a try as I had some time to kill and was driving past so pulled into the rear car park, up the back stairs and in through the open door to be met by Nina...

Quite cute, happy and chatty but no naughty vibe at all ...... into the room settle for an hour and she straight up asks if I would be after extras and what would I like ...... well I would like everything .... big smile from Nina (the first thing that crossed my mind was that the naughty vibe was alive and well) paid up the extra $90, Nina left to get her gear and I striped and jumped onto the bench.

This place has at least 3 massage rooms of various sizes with doors and walls to the ceiling.  Benches are quality steel construction and the rooms I have been in are all comfortable.  There is a shower but I have never used it as it is right next to the open reception area and kitchen.

Naughty Nina returns and gives a little slap on the butt (still seems out of character) and commences to massage.  Massage is quite good and she works a few knots that I have in my shoulders and back, while she is doing that I'm administering to her pantie encased pouch and arse.  She runs her hands under my back wheels and strokes the little blokes shaft in response to the attention of her fun parts.  Yet the massage continues and good it was .... she tells me she has been in Aust for 11 years (no choice family moved here) works here Wed and Sundays and in some sort of factory the other days which includes a couple of trips to China a year.  Very good english skills.

I think she was enjoying my finger play because she says "I will take of my clothes to help you" ????? ok :-), of cooourse I need to watch and I get a commentary on her under garb and the colour because she has lost weight blah blah blah ......sorry I missed most of it because there were other things on my mind and the little bloke is at full attention and taking command ....... 

She comes back to the bench with a wet wipe and cleans up the pre dribble and starts to massge the little fella while I am going full tilt at her open vag,  as she has lifted a leg up onto the bench to provide better access. She was pretty moist and seemed to be getting right into it when I suggested she climb up and plant the goods on my willing tongue.  As she did that she slipped a dom on and into 69 we went .... good technique no teeth, ball sucking and licking all around which I like. 

After a few minutes of this she tells me she needs to get on the bench and I jump down into a standing mish position .... WOW she starts using her pussy muscles to massage the little bloke in mid thrust .... boy did I fuck up the whole vibe thing .... Naughy Nina was staring on ... slow, fast, deep and shallow... more pussy griping and I roll her over onto her side and pound away with her moaning and groaning .... then I got her to jump down and lean over the table and away we went in doggy .... she was loving it (or seemed to be) but not as much as I was ..... I couldnt cum in the dom, it was a bit tight, so she whipped it off told me to lay down and gave me an excellent polish to the end ...... aaaaaaaahhhhhhh wow thanks.  What a great pussy and what a great fuck which I was certainly not expecting.... 

I will return .... I remember there was a gent looking for nice big labia and Naughty Nina certainly fills that bill 

Happy punting Gents


Floor: #13
Post Time: 25th October 2019, 02:55 PM
Poster ID: fever
Post Title: 
 Selina - Carlingford Massage
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Selina

Establishment : Carlingford Massage

Date of Visit : 9/10/19

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Upstairs 285 Pennant Hills Rd

Phone :028872456

Hours of Business : 10-8

Rates : $60/1hr + tips

Age : early 20's

Size/shape : Tall nicely proportioned

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Massage, b2b. nhj, extras

Value for money/recommend? : Fuck yes

My experience/comments : I had an inkling I was going to punt that day, and had to go to Eastwood for some reason. On my way back I was driving through Carlo when I thought "Fuck it, this itch needs scratching."
I was tossing up between the three shops on Pennant Hills rd there, 2 on the Epping side, 1 on the Parra side, and seeing as I was on that side of the rd already I chose 285.
Upstairs, rang doorbell and greeted by a very tall girl. Very tall. Like 170cm.
Selina showed me in and asked how long I would like to stay, I settled for 45 minutes and got undressed.
Selina is a Chinese girl, tall like I said, not thin but not fat, long legs, and a cheeky face.
We chatted, her English is excellent, and her massage fairly decent.
When it was time to turn over things started off fairly standard, aaaaand then Selina it would seem got horny. I was tickling her, her nipples got extremely hard, we kissed, the kisses got more frantic, I sucked and nibbled her nipples, she pushed my hand down, so I obliged. Holy hell this escalated quickly.
We continued like this for a while, she looked up and realised time was running out. I simply said "Extend." She mumbled something as she kissed me frantically. She lay next to me, this was getting pretty hot and heavy.
Next thing I knew she was on her back with my face buried deep between her legs. She was dripping wet and grinding against my face, looking down to watch me while grabbing at her own breasts. She went full porn star on me.
Mamasan was at the door saying something, Selina replied with what I can only assume from it's tone and brevity was Chinese for "fuck off."
We were going over time again but there was no way she was letting this end. I must have been down there for 15 minutes, she kept looking down, grabbing my hair, grinding her pussy in to my tongue, and when I inserted my finger that was the tipping point. Mamasan turned the stereo up a bit as obviously we were getting loud.
Selina patted my head "you have to cum ".
I knelt on the table while she kissed me and got me over the line, squirting some on her chest/stomach.
We tidied up and got dressed. "You're naughty." She said to me.
"Me?"
"Yes you. Come back next week and be naughty with me again please!"

Selina isn't a stunner, she's pretty enough, but by God does she enjoy her DATY...
She's there Wednesday's only it seems, she may (probably) work somewhere else but I didn't get details.

Do I need to ad the disclaimer, YMMV?


Floor: #14
Post Time: 10th November 2019, 02:43 PM
Poster ID: JoJo999
Post Title: 
 Chinese Remedy Massage, Carlingford
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Suzie

Establishment : Chinese Remedy Massage Carlingford

Date of Visit : 2nd Nov 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 285 Pennant Hills Rd, Carlingford   https://chinese-remedy-massage-carli...business.site/

Phone : 02 8872 4561

Hours of Business : 10am - 7:30pm

Rates : 30 min $40, 45 min $50, 60 min $60  Usual $20hj, $50 NHJ

Age : 30-35

Size/shape : Slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided :   HJ, NHJ

Value for money/recommend? :  Average/OK

My experience/comments : 

Drove up to Carlingford. Reasonable amount of parking near the Bunnings.  There is a back entrance but the shops at the front aren't v.busy so no issue going through the front door.  Unlike the other AMP, this is a fair hike from the station.

Called before hand to make sure that there was available.  The mamasan (assumed) pointed me to a room and in I went to undress.  Rooms are relatively basic but clean.

Suzie came into the room after I was face down.  Average face, slim body.  Asked which areas to focus on and gave my usual "all over" response.

Gave a decent/firm massage, and the usual brush past the balls/shaft.  Once she finished on my back, she gently stroked her fingers around the anus and sack.  I angled upwards slightly to increase the contact and she obliged.

Eventually turned over and she asked what I'd like.  She looked ok so went for the NHJ option.  Bottoms stayed on.  She let me suck on her nipples and caress her arse but beyond that, not much else.  She stood too close to the table for me to have a decent crotch feel.

Action was a little mechanical and timing was a little fast meaning I shot my load earlier than normal.  Kept calling me Darling as I don't think her English was great.  Overall, ok - had better, had worse.  She got dressed quickly and went to get the hot towels for clean-up

Ended the massage with leg and chest massage.  Gave me a hug afterwards which was a nice touch.


