Thread Title: Chinese Remedial Massage - Singleton, NSW - 0430 542 619
Floor: #1
Post Time: 3rd May 2018, 07:34 PM
Poster ID: mikey191
Post Title: 
 Chinese Remedial Massage - Singleton, NSW - 0430 542 619
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Mimi 

Establishment : as per title

Date of Visit : today

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0430 542 619 https://g.co/kgs/7DqEUg

Hours of Business : 9-9

Rates : 100/hr +50 for nude

Age : claimed 27, more like 40

Size/shape : TINY framed girl probably size 4, non-existent tits with nice nipples which were oddly hairy

Nationality or Ethnicity : thai

Services Provided : gloved massage and hj (WTF) 

Value for money/recommend? : was WAY better than my experience an hour or so ago but probably wouldn't go back

My experience/comments :

Soooo I'm in Singleton, I'm nine beers deep, and I've just had the shittest massage ever (see my review of Sasa Hong Kong massage).... What to do? I could sober up and drive home, or I could book a pub room and withdraw $500 to see what that'll get me..... I chose the latter 

Had a few beers at the Percy then went up to the "Chinese Remedial Massage" joint on the main road near maccas. Entry is not discreet but the traffic moves so quickly it's not really a drama, similar to 533 Willoughby.

Greeted by an older girl who is skinny as and I fully dig skinny chicks so I was straight in the door. Get in the room and she's seriously tiny, she'd be lucky to be a size 4. A bit older but all good. $100 changes hands and she asks for an extra $50 to get nude, I go for it.

On the table I go and I get a decent massage BUT before she starts I hear her pull on a set of gloves which she keeps on for the whole time.... WTF? It becomes a minor issue a couple of times as she obviously can't tell if the oil is running thin and the plastic gloves create friction, so a few times things get a bit hot and I have to ask her to oil me up again. 

Time for the flip and she gets nude... Her body is banging  tiny little frame with tiny tits which I something I dig... I go for a suck on the nipples and she's got like five hairs around each nipple that are like two inches long lol... I power through it and she finishes me off with an incredibly mechanical wristy while I'm grabbing her arse and imagining she's 20 years younger.... 

Wouldn't say it was a terrible punt but it wasn't up there on my top ten of spectaculars... 

$350 left in the wallet, currently at the Caledonia sinking schooners.... I feel like the punting scene in Singo isn't much chop but I might take another one for the team before the night is through


Floor: #2
Post Time: 18th May 2018, 01:46 PM
Poster ID: Amested
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Muswellbrook is just as bad.
There's a massage joint on the New England highway. Just before you turn right to head under the bridge and  into the town proper.

They'll do full service aswell. Last time I was there it was rough a fairly old Chinese maybe 40+.
Crap massage ok HJ. 

A second visit was just as bad.. both visits are 6-12 months ago but I doubt it's improved


