Thread Title: Club Six - Crows Nest, NSW - 8084 1049
Floor: #1
Post Time: 15th May 2016, 01:30 AM
Poster ID: Davicko9
Post Title: 
 Club Six - Crows Nest, NSW - 8084 1049
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Nicole

Establishment : Club Six Massage and Spa

Date of Visit : 15/05/2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :407 Pacific Hwy, Crows Nest Ph 8084 1049  Club Six | Desire | Arousal | Intimacy

Hours of Business : 24 hours

Rates : 30mins/120

Age : 30s

Size/shape : 6/10, Petite & Busty, DDs

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : RnT with options for more

Value for money/recommend? : No

My experience/comments : 

Club Six is one of the few places outside of the city where one is able to pop in at late hours for your servicing needs. It primarily operates as a bordello, but also provides massage RnT services. I don't like to go FS until I'm comfortable with establishment so I opted for 30mins massage to get a feel of the place.

Club Six has two entrances that lead to essentially the same building, however one entrance serves as the entrance to the bordello and the other, the massage and spa. 

Upon entry, you're ushered into a room where the girls (and ladyboys to my surprise) greet you one by one and then the hostess asks you how long and which girl. Whether it is just this establishment or due to the late hour, the talent there was not so impressive and the two ladyboys greeting me at the end freaked me a little bit (purely because I wasn't expecting it). I selected Nicole due to her curves and as she was the most feminine of the lot.

The room is spacious with a bed more so than a massage table on one side, opposite a sofa and coffee table. To the other side is shower facilities and a faucet, but no bathroom so if you need to go, you'll have to pop outside again. A little hassle but I suppose the open layout of the room doesn't really support a crapper. The floorboards were creaky, and the bed was hard and also creaked. The walls were pink with random stains and holes in it. There were mirrors in front and to the side for a little peeping action.

Post shower and minus clothes, I realized that the room was actually quite cold and didn't have any AC. Nicole was taking a few minutes and I was shivering when she came in. Wasn't off to a good start and didn't get much better.

Things briefly looked up when she took her clothes off bar her underwear straight away (a little different to the other experiences I have where they wait until the end) and asked if I would like a little massage first. Sure, why not?

Well it was barely a massage. Mostly just running her hands here and there with no real direction or technique. I was getting bored and definitely not rising to the occasion. Flipped over and much the same until she asked if she could use baby oil and then she got to it. For all her curves and massive boobs, Nicole was the living definition of a dead fish. There was no eye contact, no talking or sounds, just the standard "tried and tested" touching which really wasn't doing much for me. When she decided to use her mouth on my chest, I got a bit of a reaction but she pretty much stopped straight away and down he went again.

She asked if she could apply the condom now and I said ok, but whatever she was doing, she wasn't doing right because it was more pain than anything else so she took it off pretty much straight away. The rest of the halfer was spent with just some gentle caressing and a shoulder massage to finish.

To summarize, despite everything, Nicole was actually quite lovely when she talked. For the few minutes before and after she was working, I actually quite enjoyed it. She had a lovely smile which faded straight away once we got down to business. Seems like the typical attitude of someone who didn't really want to be there. Atmosphere and confidence is a big deal to me when I'm try to get my rocks off and unfortunately this time, there was neither.

TL;DR - Not even close.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 17th May 2016, 09:22 PM
Poster ID: Mercurio56
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks for the warning, but I know..YMMV


Floor: #3
Post Time: 19th May 2016, 10:45 PM
Poster ID: fit69
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
two weeks ago on a sunday I called to see who was working and aussie stella answered and was available so, I finish my meal, get ready and I am there about 40min after the call, I get shown two girls, one thai and one that looked indian? not sure, but stella didnt show up so I asked about her and was told she was sleeping so I just take my leave. Was so eager to try her, she sounded very nice, sexy and on her late 20s on the phone lol. I did say I would be there soon and she said no problem, oh well...

Not sure if I want to try again after this review, but maybe stella is different?                   

note/info:   I have walked in a few times and every time every single girl I've seen looks tired, maybe the girls do too many hours and that why the quality of the service aint that good?    Only ever gotten a massage here, I payed $70 for 30min HJ included and naked.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 20th May 2016, 01:02 PM
Poster ID: Davicko9
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by fit69


two weeks ago on a sunday I called to see who was working and aussie stella answered and was available so, I finish my meal, get ready and I am there about 40min after the call, I get shown two girls, one thai and one that looked indian? not sure, but stella didnt show up so I asked about her and was told she was sleeping so I just take my leave. Was so eager to try her, she sounded very nice, sexy and on her late 20s on the phone lol. I did say I would be there soon and she said no problem, oh well...

Not sure if I want to try again after this review, but maybe stella is different?                   

note/info:   I have walked in a few times and every time every single girl I've seen looks tired, maybe the girls do too many hours and that why the quality of the service aint that good?    Only ever gotten a massage here, I payed $70 for 30min HJ included and naked
"""



Sounds like I got jipped, which is even worse. I agree with you with the girls seeming tired. It's probably to do with the establishment seemingly open at all hours. Hard to stay enthusiastic when you might get a random punter in at 3am in the morning, right before you're looking forward to nod off after a hard day's work.

As always, take reviews with a grain of salt. Club Six is a bordello first and massage parlour second, so it's possible that the experience is difference on the other side. For me, however, I'd say there are better and more economic alternatives that are nothing more than a step more away and have consistently positive reviews, so I'll prob hit that up next. None of the girls I met were called Stella though, and for sure, none of them were Aussie. Could just be luck of the draw honestly.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 20th May 2016, 04:19 PM
Poster ID: hard
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
It's fair to say that this shop is old and tired. As legal premises, the current management seems to rely simply on long-term existence history for survival. There's limited advertising and the place seems to have mostly 'scrape the bottom of the barrel' type encounters. The downstairs part is always locked and inactive which surely has a negative impact on the bottom line re rent.

As an occasional visitor, I find Club 6 seedy and in need of a new management regime. Currently, the rooms are cold and un-inviting. It simply needs a make-over with a paint job, heating and improved lighting to generate some custom which might in turn generate some new and exciting service providers. As the sole venue with an operating full-service DA in the immediate area, seems like an opportunity for someone!


