Thread Title: Crystal Massage Chatswood NSW - 0416239388, 0426467608
Floor: #1
Post Time: 8th April 2017, 04:06 PM
Poster ID: cumlaut
Post Title: 
 Crystal Massage Chatswood NSW - 0416239388, 0426467608
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Yoyo (switcheroo!)

Establishment : Crystal massage

Date of Visit : April

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0416239388 / private apartment in Chatswood / https://www.crystalmassage.com.au/

Hours of Business : 

Rates : $120 for 30min (easter special); other rates: https://www.crystalmassage.com.au/rates

Age : mid 20's

Size/shape : short

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : kissing, daty, fs

Value for money/recommend? : yes

My experience/comments : 
First time visit to this place. They're running an easter promo discount right now. Got a recommendation for Miki who happened to be on that day when I texted to ask for photos. PHotos for Miki looked fake but I'd gotten a recommendation from another punter so just went with it. They showed me photos for another girl Yoyo who looked older. Made the booking for Miki and got a call telling me the room number when I got to the apartment in chatswood. I was let in by the receptionist and shown a cute girl in a gold dress and heels. Handled the money, then headed to the shower. 

When I came back she approached to give me a hug with a big sigh. I asked for her name and she says Yoyo. They switched up on me, but this ones cute and doesn't look as old as the one in the photos they sent earlier so I just went with it. She took my towel off and started rubbing my member gently, and playing with my nipples. I started to kiss around her neck then up to her cheeks which got a good response. I probed for a kiss in the lips which she gave with hesitation; I didn't push for french kiss">dfk. She seems into it so far and I lay her down for some daty. I start kissing her some more, move down to her neck and tits. Her nipples are responsive and she's letting me know. I move further down and she's covering her lovehole with her hand. I kiss and lick my way around her abdomen and inner thighs, brushing up against her hand and get her moaning. She eventually gives in and lets me feast on her fuckhole. Start off in mish and she's pretty active, pulling me in deeper. Get her into doggy and eat at her some more. Start pumping her and she's getting close to climaxing and so am I. I blow in the bag before she does but I keep fucking her to get her over the line. 

A nice punt with a cute girl.


