Thread Title: E-Studio Massage - 360 Pitt St Sydney - 02 9267 0081
Floor: #1
Post Time: 4th July 2018, 11:11 AM
Poster ID: CD88
Post Title: 
 E-Studio Massage - 360 Pitt St Sydney - 02 9267 0081
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Elsa

Establishment : E-Studio Massage, 360 Pitt St Sydney

Date of Visit : Monday 2nd July, 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : (02) 9267 0081

Hours of Business : 10am - late

Rates : $130/40min all inclusive. No tips required unless you want extras.

Age : Early 20's

Size/shape : Petite

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Oil Massage and happy ending

Value for money/recommend? : Recommend for anyone after a massage place with extras that opens late in Sydney CBD. 

My experience/comments : Walked in without a booking and met the super hot receptionist, was hoping she'd be the one doing my massage. Brought me into a room left me there to wait for one of the girls to drop by, shortly after Elsa came knocking on the door. 

Elsa is a thin, petite Chinese girl in her early 20's - think of your fit and friendly asian girl next door/uni girl. We popped in the shower and cleaned ourselves before the massage. Massage was okay, but things started to heat up with the usual tickle tackle on my balls and inner thigh. Oil was poured onto my back and she started her body to body massage. The touch of her nipples on my back, her soft thighs sliding against my body really got me going. She could tell this, and started kissing my neck with her hot breathing and soft lips.

We stopped most of our chatting and banter by now as things heated up, I flipped over and she was on top of me on all four allowing me to play with her tits as she stroked me off. Got carried away as we went a bit past the time I had paid for but she was pretty cool and didn't seem to mind too much.

Overall it was a decent experience. Elsa is a shy girl however she is keen to please. Great english as well if you like a chat. There are definitely cheaper places elsewhere in Sydney's CBD, I chose this spot because it was close to Town Hall station, opens late and has a shower for me to use before and after. Never been to 227 Broadway, but this place is similar in it's upfront payment - where the HE is inclusive of the price paid.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 28th July 2019, 08:39 AM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jessie

Establishment : E-studio spa and massage

Date of Visit : 28/7/2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 360 Pitt st Sydney  

Phone :0292670081

Hours of Business : 10 am till 4am

Rates : 100 for half

Age : 23

Size/shape : size 7 5 foot 8 B-cups trimmed puss, long black hair. 

Nationality or Ethnicity : South korean

Services Provided : Massage bodyslide hj

Value for money/recommend? : She is a lovely girl

My experience/comments : After 3 failed punts in Sydney sat night I walked past this place. Never knew it existed. It was 2.30 am and I saw it closed at 4am so I just took a look. Receptionist told me 3 young girls on.She showed me them on the phone all looked nice and I chose the Korean lass. 

Reception area is nice, she led me to a room through a maze of corridors. Very old looking setting, cloth over massage table resembled an ironing board cover, table against the wall and the shower resembled a miniature swimming  pool. Very old looking shop indeed. I took a shower and was expecting a 40 year old Korean girl but I was surprised when the girl in the pic arrived. She entered wearing comfy pink slippers and a black robe/dressing gown. Never seen that before. Later revealing nothing underneath.

She was super tall with a long face, quite beautiful.Initial chitchat indicated an American accent but that has a lot to do with her ex she said. She went to New Zealand at 8 years of age. 

She told me I looked drunk but I told her I was dog tired. She offered a hard massage I asked for soft and it started off medium. Jessie is one of those psycho analysis chicks that are so rare in this game. She kept probing me as to why I had come to Sydney and all the fumbling on my part eventually led to a confession of sexual enjoyment. She found it funny. By the end of the session internally I was a blubbering mess, I could have lied my head on her lap telling my life story, in fact a couple of times she said " talk to me".

When she took her robe off her backside was sublime. Her legs are so slender and when she turned to face me she had a wonderful trimmed camel toe. Her breasts are quite wide and round but not overly protruding with minute nipples. Her front to front bodyslide was very snug as was the front to my back. She felt lovely and warm. When she started the hj I could not even get hard. I told her I am nearing the end and offered to massage her. 

I touched her legs and admired her long ass crack before I told her I was ready to take a shower. Jessie joined me and did her best to turn me on in the shower but it did not help.  I told her I have been doing this a longtime and may now be over the hill.  Once dressed I thanked her for a wonderful 30 minutes. 

She worked Saturday night and is a must see for the deep and meaningful punters out there.My mind is still a willing participant,but the last couple of months the guy downstairs has been waving the white flag.Time to take a break.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 20th October 2019, 04:25 PM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Maki

Establishment : E-studio spa and massage

Date of Visit : 20/10/2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 360 Pitt st Sydney

Phone :0292670081

Hours of Business : 10 am till 5am

Rates : 100 for half

Age : 24

Size/shape : size 8 a-cups long back hair,5 foot gorgeous girl.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Japan

Services Provided : Massage bodyslide hj

Value for money/recommend? : Wonderful service

Was up in Sydney over the weekend, and things had not gone to plan, had a couple of sessions, and wondered if Jessie was still here.  Was in the mood for a second blow.  The female receptionist with the glasses and smile remembered me and told me Jessie will be here in an hour, it was 1.30am. She told me they had a Taiwan girl and Japanese, so i thought i would book , if i did not like i could see Jessie again.  I had to wait to meet, behind the curtain is 10 large chairs and a large tv,  there are thousands of newspapers and magazines sitting on a large green colored platform under the tv, i accused the receptionist of being the hoarder, she laughed and told me the boss is.

The Taiwan girl had glasses and her face structure was odd, she was a pleasant girl but not a turn on at all.  The Japanese girl who i thought i would say no too, was a gorgeous Japanese girl.  She had lovely ear rings hanging straight down from her ears, very classy indeed. Maki was her name and her face just read of a honest girl. Her beauty was girl next door more than slutty beauty.  She wore a simple short black dress and as she walked off i noticed some nice curves in her legs.

I was not going to reacquaint with Jessie.  Taken too a different room, punters the facilities here look 100 years old, it is just the most bizarre massage complex i have ever seen.  Lied on the table cloth on top of table, they all look like ironing board covers here.  Maki kept her dress on, poured a mass of oil onto the back and legs and gave a genuine hard massage for the first half of session.  She talks with great english and told me she works 7 days a week, thurs to sat or sun here and at a Japanese restaurant the other days.  

The last 15 mins was the best, took off her dress, black bra and innocent looking blue undies, to reveal a traditional japanese body, not fat, but soft cuddly parts to her size 8 body. I like to call it whale meat.  Her ass was sublime small but cuddly ass crack.  She poured oil on the front, got up and rubbed herself over my chest, lovely eye contact, lean't in for a couple of lip kisses, her lips tasted wonderful, maybe some lip gloss, she put a breast close to my closed mouth, she just had a seductive look in a non slutty way.

My 4 hour loadings were getting excited as she slowly jerked away while kissing and licking my nipple. I rubbed her soft body, massaging her ass as she continued pulling on top of me, she looked deep into my eyes and that was it, i had to work a bit hard to get it out, but the orgasm felt great with this woman.  After the clean up i gave her a quick massage admiring her soft ass cheeks.  She gave me a nice wash to rid the body of the oil, the shower here, is like a small swimming pool, u step up into it, brick design with the shower head hanging from top.

Maki is worth seeing because she has this beautiful  traditional Japanese face and she is such an honest performer.  The maze of corridors back to reception area is always a giggle.  This place is a must see just for the design factor.  Have said this is my last trip to Sydney a few times for 2019, but this wonderful state keeps luring me back.


