Floor: #1
Post Time: 12th January 2015, 01:17 AM
Poster ID: jayt_22
Post Title: 
 Elite Healthy Massage - D72/24-32 Lexington Drv Bella Vista - 0470 377 213
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Nina - Mature lady ~40-50 years

Establishment : Boulder TCM

Date of Visit : 8/01/2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :  404 - File not found

Hours of Business : 10am-7pm

Rates : http://www.bellavistamassage.com.au/index.php?route=product/category&path=49

Age : ~40

Size/shape : Slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian

Services Provided : Happy ending, bodyslide, further extras but only disclosed for further cash payment

Value for money/recommend? : 3/5

My experience/comments : I called beforehand and they said 3 girls were available and no booking needed. When I entered I was ushered into a room to wait for 10 minutes. 10 minutes later another girl said another 10 minutes.

They have individual rooms with what looked like tarpaulin -like material across the ceiling, very hot in there but a fan was provided. Adequate lighting.

Nina wore a short, tight black dress. Black hair, slim figure, mature woman.

I paid for 30 mins so $35 and another $30 for nude + HE (with oil). She mentioned other services like b2b were available but would not let me know what they were or the price since I "didn't have enough" this time.

The massage was average, but she got quite close embracing me. No kissing and any further talk of what she would do was hindered by saying when I come back with more cash. She's a talkable woman, not too much, but it seemed a bit rushed.

 No showers or mirrors. A table cover was provided but it seemed reused since when I was leaving she just made it flat and neat again. Probably wouldn't go back again, but the cheap price gets it a 3/5 for the experience.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 17th July 2016, 05:23 PM
Poster ID: Brian5150
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I've been there a few time. Might do a review when i have time. The owner is Taiwanese and I think most of the girls there are too. Went there once and had to wait about twenty minutes. So I grabbed some oil and started wanking off sitting on the bed. Mama San then walked in and said wow. you horny today! I wait to long. I said. Ok. I massage you now. Wasn't bad either.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 19th July 2016, 09:50 PM
Poster ID: mx85xm
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by Brian5150


I've been there a few time. Might do a review when i have time. The owner is Taiwanese and I think most of the girls there are too. Went there once and had to wait about twenty minutes. So I grabbed some oil and started wanking off sitting on the bed. Mama San then walked in and said wow. you horny today! I wait to long. I said. Ok. I massage you now. Wasn't bad either
"""



Do young girls work here? Seen adverts but all fakes pics.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 20th July 2016, 10:00 AM
Poster ID: Mr Crash and Burn
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by Brian5150


I've been there a few time. Might do a review when i have time. The owner is Taiwanese and I think most of the girls there are too. Went there once and had to wait about twenty minutes. So I grabbed some oil and started wanking off sitting on the bed. Mama San then walked in and said wow. you horny today! I wait to long. I said. Ok. I massage you now. Wasn't bad either
"""



How much do you charge for extras...pmsl


Floor: #5
Post Time: 20th July 2016, 03:28 PM
Poster ID: bent_leg
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by mx85xm


Do young girls work here? Seen adverts but all fakes pics
"""



There are younger girls working there, reviews in massage thread.     When you get to silver, you will get access.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 28th January 2017, 09:53 AM
Poster ID: ytrewq
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Mimi - older lady, she was behind the desk when i arrived

Establishment : Boulder TCM

Date of Visit : January 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : http://sydney.cracker.com.au/BodyRub...girls/24252867

Hours of Business : 10am-7pm

Rates : $60/hr + tip

Age : 40s probably

Size/shape : size 10/12, a little bit of a mum tum

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian

Services Provided : Happy ending, cat bath, FOAM

Value for money/recommend? : yeah sure

It was Sunday and as they say it should be a day of rest, but the little man wasnt up for resting. I decided to give this place a go as variety is the spice of life and really even when massages and handjobs are bad they still good.

I drove into the complex, plenty of parking but is probably not very discreet during the weekdays. Being a weekend there was very little happening. I walked in and was greeted by Mimi and taken to a room to strip and wait.

A few minutes later she came in and began to massage me. It was pretty good full body massage, no tackle tickle during which i like (we all know whats going to happen but the ol accidental brush on the ball sack etc adds the excitement). She worked out all my kinks in my back and legs and with 15min to go she whispered for me to roll over.

A light body slide and cat bath ensued while she bought me to attention. A few minutes in and an upgrade was offered which i declined as i wasnt after that today, i was allowed access to her pussy which was nice and wet and she kept telling me she was so horny. Some nice nipple work and double fisted pumps from her and i finished up and was cleaned up with a hot towel and wipes. 

Overall a good experience and ill be back. On the way out i noticed two other slightly younger girls who werent there when i arrived so there is some variety here.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 25th April 2017, 11:10 AM
Poster ID: Rabbit Racing
Post Title: 
 My Visit
				
Post Content: 
Visted 24/4/17
Have been a few times and have always seemed to get different Girls, Tina was good and Thai Girl (Not sure of her name)
Usually go for the $60 1 Hour massage, have only been disappointed once with the massage itself.
Have been offered same service as above $50 for HJ in Nude.  Sometimes touching encouraged sometimes not, seems to depend on the Girl.
Tina and Thai Girl were great as they stimulated my Butt (Which I do like) which got me very hard before turning over, no penetration though.
Had Thai Girl climb on top for body to body which was very nice (No FS) but Tina has good HJ technique.
All in all I will be back again as I'm sure there are other girls to try and would like to see how far I can get.
Hope this review helps, please excuse any mistakes as is my first.


Floor: #8
Post Time: 25th April 2017, 01:52 PM
Poster ID: nextlif
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Welcome Rabbit. As a new Paid member you might not be aware or review posting protocol. We need reviews to be posted on our template  to make sure we get all the details.
Click on the arrow as pictured below, select 'Review Template', and fill it in and finish with a description of events at the bottom.
[COLOR="#FFFFFF"].[/COLOR]
Attachment 7138


Floor: #9
Post Time: 14th January 2018, 10:34 PM
Poster ID: veteran
Post Title: 
 NSW Bella Vista - Healthy Massage - Helen
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Helen

Establishment : D72/24 Lexington Dr., Bella Vista, NSW,2153 
Date of Visit : 5/1/18

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : ????? $35 No 1 Massage at Bella Vista! ????? - Sydney therapeutic massage - cracker.com.au

Hours of Business : 9.30am - 7.30am

Rates : $40/30 minutes

Age : 35-40

Size/shape : size 10-ish

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese - could be Taiwanese

Services Provided : Massage, hj

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : 

The add is old but they are still there. Not been there for ages and they have done up the place a bit. At least the rooms have a roof now. It used to be just a blue tarp.

Anyway on to the review...

Came in on a Friday after work. The owner Nina was there. She remembered me from a previous encounter many months ago. Recommended me a lady by the name of Helen. Now Helen seems to be on the mature side. Short hair but still in good shape. She led me to one of the rooms by hand. Paid the requisite $40 for the half hour and on the table I got ready for the massage. The room was clean and there was soft music coming from the HIFI in the corner. Good thing they have the AC on as it was a hot day. 

She provided quite a good massage after some prompting to increase the pressure. I'd say it was a good 7/10 but you will need to give her some prompting in terms of areas to concentrate the massage and the amount of pressure needed.

After about 20minutes she started caressing my body with her fingers. There was the standard flick around the anus/balls area and she started licking my ears...wow looks like I might be in for a treat! Turned over and she made some gestures to indicate if I wanted her to undress. I nodded and she indicated with 5 fingers that it will cost $50. Nodded  again and she went starkers. She looks even better undressed. Very shapely for a mature woman.

She got some oil and dribbled it all over my cock and balls. Then the action started with her rubbing my balls and caressing the tip of my penis. I got hard really quickly and started playing with her boobs. Access to her nether regions was allowed and she was trimmed below but still bushy. After about  15 minutes of roaming her body I came and she helped clean up. Not a bad HJ. She indicated more might be on offer if I come back next time. I grinned and say OK no worries!

Helen works Fridays and I'll be returning!


Floor: #10
Post Time: 16th January 2019, 04:00 PM
Poster ID: maestro181
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lily.


Establishment : The sign says Elite Healthy Massage, but the website seems to refer to a different shop in the same location.


Date of Visit : 20/12/2018


Contact Details/Address/Weblink : d72/24-32 lexington Drive, Bella Vista NSW 2153, Boulder TCM Clinic


Phone : 02 8883 5586


Hours of Business : 9-9


Rates : $60ph, $50 for a naked hand job


Age : Mid-30s


Size/shape : Petite


Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian


Services Provided : Massage, Naked HJ


Value for money/recommend? : Pretty reliable and consistent.


My experience/comments : Quiet private room. Received quite a good massage (had an hour booked). Little bit of conversation, she was very friendly. Towards the end she started lightly massaging around the upper thighs and then asked if I wanted a HJ. She whispered that it was 50 and she'd take her clothes off as well. The HJ was very good, and she was happy with touching of her boobs, bottom.


Floor: #11
Post Time: 2nd March 2019, 04:08 PM
Poster ID: maestro181
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Juke/Jook (almost pronounced shook).

Establishment : Elite Healthy Massage. 

Date of Visit : 21 February.

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : d72/24-32 lexington Drive, Bella Vista NSW 215

Phone : The advertised phone number doesn't work, and the sign hasn't been updated with a new number either.

Hours of Business : 9-9

Rates : $60ph for an hour's massage. HJ is another $50, or FS $100.

Age : 40s

Size/shape : Toned

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : CBJ, FS, HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes with a but.

My experience/comments : I've been here a few times before, but this time was probably a little less comfortable than others. I walked in, was taken straight to a room where the girl told me we could only do 45 minutes as they were closing (even though I got there in time for a full hour before it hit 9pm). Anyway, it was pretty much straight into the massage, which was being done very hastily (when it feels more like business than pleasure). She stopped to take a phone call for about 1 minute which wasn't great for the mood. Got to the end, she asked if I wanted a HJ or FS. We settled on an additional $70 for the FS instead of the asked price of $100. She spent very little time getting things moving before pulling out the dom and starting a CBJ. The CBJ lasted for about 10 seconds before she jumped on. It was reasonable, but the whole thing felt like we were in a massive hurry which wasn't great. Still, it did the job.

Also, that was the first time I've been offered something other than a HJ.


