Thread Title: Eva -  Maroubra Remedial massage - 9344 3788
Floor: #1
Post Time: 21st March 2016, 11:48 PM
Poster ID: Jackjohns
Post Title: 
 Eva -  Maroubra Remedial massage - 9344 3788
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Eva

Establishment : Maroubra Remedial  Massage 116 Boyce rd Maroubra

Date of Visit : 20/03/2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :tel:93443788 Maroubra Remedial Massage | XMASSAGE

Hours of Business : she works Friday Saturday Sunday

Rates : $35 massage extras $20 handjob $50 clothes off body body plus handjob

Age : Around 30

Size/shape : slightly chubby nice body


Nationality or Ethnicity : Asain

Services Provided : Massage finished with nude body to body and handjob

Value for money/recommend? : highly recommended value for money best massage I've had in a while

My experience/comments : Visited 116 Boyce rd Maroubra today been a while since been here seen Eva she's around 30s nice body slightly chubby but in a good way went for 30min massage $35 probably one of the best massage I've had in a while hard massage but in good way worked body good not just pushing down hard trying push you into table but hard massage working body good.. She used her elbows hands knees on back felt so good. After massage asked if wanted more went for nude body body $50 Eva has a great body asked me turn over teased great rubbed her breasts all over me and moved her hands sensually over my body was great then finished with handjob. Highly recommend even if just after a great massage and for price can't go past it.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 27th May 2016, 12:33 AM
Poster ID: pinnes
Post Title: 
 Annie- Chinese medicine & acupuncture clinic
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Annie 

Establishment : Chinese medicine & acupuncture clinic

Date of Visit : Tuesday 17th May 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :9344 3788

Hours of Business : 10.00-19.00

Rates : $35 1/2 hr $50 3/4 $65 1hr

Age : mid 50's (maybe hard to tell)

Size/shape : size 10 with a nice booty

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese (ML)

Services Provided : massage, bj 

Value for money/recommend? : yes

My experience/comments: have been visiting this place for a good 6 months now, there's some decent MILFs and a couple of younger hotties here as well. I think majority are Chinese, well the ones I've seen anyways. Have seen Annie a few times now (works Tuesday & Wednesday) and the more the visit the more she warms up. It's hard to tell her age I would say early to mid 50's but quite attractive decent body, tits a bit saggy but nipples are very sensitive, and has a nice round booty for aChinese lass. Her massage is very good, she knows what she's doing, so when you go you know your going to get a decent massage as well as a good part 2. After knocking out the knots in my back its onto legs, I spread mine wider and push my bum up, there's nothing like the wondering fingers over my sphincter massaging down to my balls, guaranteed to get me hard, she then works her way up my back, she in reach and run my hand up her calf and up her thigh, "ooooh lovely" she purrs,,as with standard punting procedure with regulars I've already left a yellow fin on the table for her when getting undressed, so the ML knows we are in business. While,face down still I hear the clothes being removed, and I get the turn over darling. Annie has a decent body for her age, boobs are saggy but responsive none the less, I sit up and start sucking on her nipples, she starts to mean, I kiss her neck and move on to the other breast, my hand then goes to work on her now very wet box, she gets very lubricated the old bird, working her button and she's loving it. I turn her around and bend her over,the massage table, my cock between her legs, she reaches under and starts tugging while I have one hand on her shoulder holding her in position the other working her button. I'm near bursting, so I lay her on the table and dine in,,she's not shaved but not to hairy, a bearable amount of light hair, I'm licking her clit, she's tastes good, I insert a finger gently, but doesn't like it too much, but now the was dripping everywhere, and she's building up, so I stick a finger into her very lubricated ass hole by now, and she's gone straight into 5th gear, writhing away as my tongue is going faster. She's close so I increase finger and tongue speed and she came hard, twitching away, she was spent. Lol. She's lying in ecstasy so I go to the other side of the table where her head is and stick my now aching cock in her mouth, I'm trying to throat fuck her, but she ain't having it. She gets up and says your turn, I L yay down and she starts sucking, but only the head. I' m trying to get her to take more, but either doesn't or can't take me all, she's working my cock with her hand and sucking the head, but the rhythm was too good so I told her to keep goung and speed things up, and before you know it I'm exploding in her mouth. I was spent too. Got dressed and off home for a restful sleep. Annie's a gem, if you like a milf with a decent booty for a Chinese girl.


