Thread Title: Exotic Boudoir - Mosman - 02 9968 4286
Floor: #1
Post Time: 9th May 2019, 04:07 PM
Poster ID: just4fukn
Post Title: 
 Exotic Boudoir - Mosman - 02 9968 4286
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Naomi


Establishment : Exotic Boudoir


Date of Visit : April 2019


Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 1/521 Military Road Mosman (The Exotic Boudior - erotic massage mosman)


Phone : 02 9968 4286


Hours of Business : 10am-Midnight/1am


Rates : $130/$140 ph


Age : Early 20's


Size/shape : Petite with enhanced assets


Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian


Services Provided : Massage, RnT, CBJ


Value for money/recommend? : Good value, had a great time, interested to see if more on offer.


My experience/comments : Decided try out Exotic Boudior in Mosman but only had a quick half hour to spare so thought I'd see what was on offer.  Up the stairs and greeted by a friendly reception girl who asks how long, and I say just a quick half hour massage.  Hand over $70 and was led to a small but tidy room with corner shower and bed with mirror tacked to the wall and was told Naomi would be in soon.


Less than a minute later in she comes with towels and says have a quick shower so I oblige and after drying off lie down and we have a bit of small talk. She is wearing a light dress which I am able to remove easily to show some nicely enchanced tits and a bushy pussy on a very trim and tight early-20's body.


Naomi says she has only been there a bit over a week, and I ask if she does FS and get told no, then she offers to go get a FS girl if I want to change girls! As I was happy just for a RnT I said it was fine and let's start with a massage. I lie down and she starts from the feet and works up becoming a nice nude body slide which I can enjoy in the mirror from side-on. I get a pretty good massage effort and then I roll over to get more of a look at those great tits which she is happy to get fondled.  I get a front body slide happening that gets my cock rock hard.  


I sit up and give her pussy a little outer rub and ask again if she would go FS but she was friendly about it definitely not happening, so I ask about a BJ and she says not today as she didn't have a condom and would only do with a dom.  Should have been better prepared. She has braces and so probably a reasonable excuse for not doing BBBJ even though I offered an extra $100 which she politely refused, although she said come back next time and we'll get the BJ with dom. 


I gave her tits a bit more of a fondle and tweak while she got busy pumping my cock and as I get ready to blow I lie back again and she looks great in the mirror as I spurt out a load on my stomach. I felt great as she gave me a nice clean up and then back in the shower.  As I'm in the shower she starts laying out my clothes on the bed and gives me a big smile. Finish and dress and then head out happy - one of the happiest (and cheapest) RnTs I've had.


