Thread Title: G&H St Peters Massage - Mimi - (02) 8034 5459
Floor: #1
Post Time: 16th May 2018, 12:09 AM
Poster ID: bigjerry
Post Title: 
 G&H St Peters Massage - Mimi - (02) 8034 5459
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Mimi

Establishment : G&H St Peters Massage

Date of Visit : 15/5/2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 
Phone: (02) 8034 5459
Mobile: 0406 029 528
Web: G & H St Peters Massage, Massage St Peters, NSW 2044
Address: Shop 2, 44-56 May Street St Peters

Hours of Business : 10am - 10pm

Rates : 
30 min $40
45 min $55
1 Hour $65

Age : 30

Size/shape : 
Info from website: 168cm, 56kg, B cup, 
My estimate: size 10, nice body but a little bit of a tummy.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : HJ, Nude

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : 
I decided to try a new place, and so dropped into a couple of other places. The first had only a single lady working, and she wasn't my type at all (much older looking), second place was busy, but didn't look that great from what I saw either. So I ended up at this place even though I was actually trying to avoid going here for other reasons.
On arrival I was greeted, and shown into a nice large room, discussed the length of time I wanted (1 hour), was asked where I heard about them, I said just saw it as I went past. I was told I would get a lovely girl who would look after me, and to get completely naked, hang my clothes on the hooks on the wall. I noticed a towel and ladies robe hanging there already, which was curious, but later made more sense.
After a short time Mimi came in, and we got to the massage, almost immediately she was brushing her leg against my hand, so I figured touching wasn't going to be a problem and started feeling up her legs. As the massage continued I went under the dress and had a good feel around. The massage was relatively good, and every now and then she would heat things up, and then continue as if it was a completely normal massage. Eventually, she asked me to turn over (no mention of extras still) and provided a head massage which continued to a chest massage (still seemingly totally legit, aside from me openly feeling her up, and she was saying how great a massage I was giving her 
Finally, she asked if I wanted a HJ, to which I agreed, and then looked at her expectantly, nude was offered, which I also quickly accepted. She commented on being "fat" (her word, not mine), and she does have a bit of a stomach, but still very good looking IMHO. She was happy for me to touch everywhere, but commented a few times to keep the touching on the outside, she was finding it hard to focus for a bit, when she came, so I stopped distracting her, and focused on her gorgeous tits. After a while, she gave me one to suck on, which was great, and eventually she was rewarded.

Apparently, it was her first day here, so I was thoroughly questioned on the way out about how good she was, and if I was happy. I agreed, and honestly think she was great. Enthusiastic, personable, cheerful, etc... What more could you ask for?

I considered asking for more, but considering the external only, and some of her other comments, I don't think FS was available.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 22nd May 2019, 11:47 AM
Poster ID: koantasia
Post Title: 
 Mandy - St Peters (G&T Massage) - 0406 029528
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Mandy

Establishment : https://www.56stpetersmassage.com.au/

Date of Visit : 18/5/2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.56stpetersmassage.com.au/

Phone : 0406 029528

Hours of Business : 10am - 8pm

Rates : Standard (65/hr + tips)

Age : late 20s

Size/shape : busty

Nationality or Ethnicity : Malaysian Chinese

Services Provided : Massage/RnT

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

This shop is a little gem! Have been here a few times, the mamasan is fairly selective about the girls she gets, and they all have their own special services and tricks. 

I went with Mandy on this day - Mandy is a 20-something Malaysian girl with fun attitude and excellent English. She's flirty and playful through Part 1, but also strong enough to get into all the kinks and was able to release my often tight shoulders. She mixes up the firm strokes with plenty of soft suggestive touches, which hints at plenty more. 

The usual routine for extras, and she strips down to reveal some perfectly formed D Cups. Every girl here takes their extras in a different direction, with Mandy it was a slow, intense bodyslide with those gorgeous breasts all the way along my back and front. A little mini-spanish episode, and then a fin finish by hand with her straddling me.... 

Recommended, this place has good staff and are superr friendly.


