Thread Title: Great North Rd, Five Dock - 02 9713 9916
Floor: #1
Post Time: 23rd January 2015, 09:33 PM
Poster ID: Solo
Post Title: 
 Great North Rd, Five Dock - 02 9713 9916
				
Post Content: 
First thing to say is: "Long time lurker, first time poster"

Person's Name : Cherry
 Establishment : Remedial Massage - Five Dock

 Date of Visit : 14 Jan 2014

 Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 197  Great North Rd Five Dock 97139916

 Hours of Business : 7 days 10am - 7.30pm
Rates : $30 / 30 min, $60 / 60 min

Age : early 20's

 Size/shape : slim build but taller than a lot of Chinese girls.

 Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese 

 Services Provided : Massage with HJ

 Value for money/recommend? : An emphatic yes!

 My experience/comments : I was driving through Five Dock last week and a new looking massage shop caught my eye. A second lap around the block gave me a chance to write down the number. I phoned the number and a pleasant sounding receptionist confirmed $60/hour and took my hour booking for the following day.
When I arrived and went in through the sliding door I was greeted by the receptionist who showed me into the small massage room. The inside of the shop was neat and tidy with walls floor to ceiling and I guess reasonably fresh paint. A downside was that I could hear another punter with a rather loud voice coming from another room singing the praises of a ML who he'd seen there recently, but wasn't able to see that day.

The receptionist had told me she would get the girl who would give me "very good massage". In walks Cherry and I was more than pleasantly surprised. Slim build, taller than I expected and extremely pretty. I didn't actually ask her age but she would have to be in her very early twenties. She wore a loose ponytail which she later took out and her straight black hair went down past her shoulder blades. She was wearing  dark coloured slim fitting dress that looked to be a uniform.

Cherry confirmed the time of my massage, took the money and left the room saying she'd be back soon.

While she was gone I undressed and lay face down on the table. She returned and started a slightly tentative massage on my neck and shoulders. As she moved from my shoulders further down my back she seemed to gain a bit more confidence and exerted a bit more pressure which was really nice. Her massage skills were not world class, but I had quite an enjoyable massage nonetheless. While she was working on my back I tried to engage in some friendly conversation, but she seemed more interested in just doing the massage. She spent a fair bit of time working on my butt, however there was not a lot of tackle tickle going on.

When it was time for me to turn over she flicked my nipples a couple of times, which is something I love, gave a few gentle rubs on Solo jnr and some light tickling on my inner thighs then leant down and whispered in my ear in very good English "do you want a hand job?" motioning for me to be quiet so the receptionist would not hear. Of course I nodded yes. "Twenty dollars extra with clothes on and fifty dollars extra with clothes off." Clothes off was definitely the order of the day.

Under her dress she wore some really nice black lacy knickers and bra which she soon removed to reveal absolutely flawless tan skin. I asked her if it was ok for me to touch and she nodded a yes. Her boobs were quite small, barely an A cup and she was completely hairless between her legs. Cherry's attention to Solo jnr soon had him hard as a rock and I asked her to climb up on the bed so I could get a better view of her butt and between her legs. She gave me a little scowl when I lingered a bit too long rubbing the outside of her pussy lips. I guess I pushed things a little too far, especially on a first visit. Her HJ technique was very good so I was over the line in no time flat, I was efficiently cleaned up and then she quickly dressed and was off  out the door for the hot towels. Soon as I was dressed I thanked her for a great massage and headed back out the door.

Would I go back and see Cherry again? Definitely yes!


Floor: #2
Post Time: 25th January 2015, 08:55 AM
Poster ID: hotwheels1072
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Going by the description ......I thinkthis could be the same "Cherry"  wh works at 152 Flora St Sutherland on Saturdays?.....


Floor: #3
Post Time: 17th March 2015, 11:08 PM
Poster ID: Solo
Post Title: 
 Massage - 197 Great North Rd Five Dock
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Melissa


Establishment : Remedial Massage 197 Great North Rd Five Dock



Date of Visit : 06/02/2015



Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 97139916



Hours of Business : 7 days - 10am to 7.30pm



Rates : 30min $30 / 45min $50 / 60min $60



Age : early twenties



Size/shape : Tall slim



Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai



Services Provided : Massage & Happy ending



Value for money/recommend? : Yes definitely



My experience/comments : My second visit here and I walked in without an appointment. As luck would have it I was shown in to the same room as my last visit. Lighting was dim, the mamasan said to make myself comfortable and the good massage lady would be right with me.
A minute or so later and I had undressed and laid down and in walked a very pretty young Asian lady with long straight black hair. Her size and shape were typical of the girls you see in these massage shops, however she was quite tall. She confirmed how long my massage would be, took my $50 and was back in a flash.
I was asked if I wanted a light or firm massage. I went for the firm option and she started on my neck and shoulders. Her massage was actually quite good, I reckon she'd had at least some sort of formal massage training. After a few minutes I found out her name and where she was from. This was actually my first massage from a Thai girl and I'm sure it won't be my last. Melissa worker her way down my back and then spent quite a while on the tops of both legs and my bum. There was a good deal of tackle tickle which had me revved up and ready to go. I couldn't wait for her to say turn over. The usual whispered question about if I wanted a HJ and clothes on or off. Naturally I went of the clothes off option which set me back another $50. Melissa was a pro and she had me super hard and ready to come in a matter of seconds. I was enjoying her stroking and was rubbing my hands all over here body, she didn't complain when my hands wandered between her legs and over her trimmed bush. As much as I wanted this to last for ages I was soon finished and Melissa was dressed and out the door for the hot towels. 
The two girls I've seen here have provided top notch massage and excellent HJ's. I'll definitely be back and would recommend this place to others.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 18th August 2015, 10:16 AM
Poster ID: Yangas
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lola

Establishment : Remedial Massage 197 Great North Rd Five Dock

Date of Visit : 27/06/2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 97139916

Hours of Business : 7 days - 10am to 7.30pm

Rates : 30min $30 / 45min $50 / 60min $60

Age : early twenties

Size/shape : short & petite

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Massage & HE

Value for money/recommend? : ok

My experience/comments : I always drove past so i thought i'd try it out. I didn't book and when i went she said i'll have to wait or come back in half an hour. When I came back, i was greeted by the same girl. Short Thai girl with pretty face. shoulder length bob hair. slightly dark skin but pretty face. She was wearing a blue uniform which sort of resembled a nurses outfit.

I went through the shop and into the room. It was dark somewhat clean, but not modern and private. She starts on my back while she sort of chats. then after a while she says please turn over and asks if I want extras. $50 for nude and $20 for HJ. I took the HJ and she seemed disappointed. She she pours oil over me and gets going. I let my hands wander grabbing her ass and work my way to her breasts. They were actually pretty tiny. Probably not worth paying the $50 cause there wouldn't be much to see. She finished me up and got the hot towels to wipe me down. 

She was nice, but it seems she's another one who doesn't give 100% unless you pay for the full course.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 22nd August 2015, 04:34 PM
Poster ID: Manpower
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Geez i hate these places with wet towel rub down for gods sake get a shower.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 11th March 2018, 03:11 AM
Poster ID: pnani
Post Title: 
 Mimi - 197 FIVEDOCK - 9713 9916 or 0420 606 666
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Mimi

Establishment : 197 FIVEDOCK

Date of Visit : a Friday in January

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 197 Great North Rd, Five Dock - 9713 9916 or 0420 606 666 - 197 Five Dock Massage-Best aroma massage, remedial massage, relaxing, hot stone & oil massage at Five Dock

Hours of Business : 10am - 8pm

Rates : $35 - 30mins / $50 - 50mins / $60 - 60mins / $90 - 90mins

Age : 22

Size/shape : petite, used to be slim but is a little more solid now, short

Nationality or Ethnicity : Vietnamese

Services Provided : massage nude handjob

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : Beautiful girl with a friendly nature, happy smile and good conversation. Her English is good and she speaks with a cute clipped accent.

I saw her a few times in 2017 before she switched to working on Fridays and when she went by another name. When I first had the pleasure of spending an hour with her, she was slimmer than she is now. She is by no means big but she's no longer the nubile, skinny girl I first met. She has a very pretty face in my opinion and is the type of girl you would happily watch walking down the street. Youthful looking girl.

She's still got a decent body and isn't shy to show it. She dresses very nice for an establishment of this type. Dresses like she's about to go out to a nice dinner and show somewhere.

Good massage without it being great, she knows how to tease. Not adverse to letting the hands roam over her body as long as your clean. The first time I saw her I want to rub her pussy and she stopped the action to make me use the hand sanitizer. Fair cop. After that she was enjoying herself and getting quite most down there without being sopping wet.

A good girl who doesn't make you feel like she hates her job. She laughs with you and doesn't make you feel like it's a time limited experience.

Never a complain with getting a good tug from her and squirting the baby batter everywhere.

One of the rare MLs I'm happy to see again when the chance arises.

She's been on holidays but is back this coming Friday.

Eileen the owner is a very nice lady who doesn't seem to have the market share other shops have. Maybe it's the location. I see her name on the roster on the website so if getting tugged by the mamasan is a fantasy or thing for you then maybe you're in luck. Never had the pleasure myself. Their website doesn't get updated but the roster does.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 14th May 2019, 10:07 PM
Poster ID: natsbullie
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Hanna

Establishment :  3 Five Dock Massage

Date of Visit : 3/5/2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : hop 3 81-85 Great North Road Five Dock
fivedockmassage.com
wechat: Remidialmassage66

Phone :9713- 9916 or 0420 606 666


Hours of Business : 10am-8pm

Rates : $60 ph + 50 nude hj

Age : mid 20s

Size/shape : petite c cup silicones

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : nude massage + hj

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : Saw ad for this place on locanto checked out the wechat ad and the most of the girls seem pretty attractive. Finished work early on friday so made a booking for Hanna. At the shop shown to small but nice and clean room paid $60 for the hour and the recepionist sent her in. She is petite maybe about 5ft and slim and nice set of tits that fitted her small frame. Laying face down she is friendly to talk, her english isnt the greatest but still able to make out what each other are saying. she gives the most amazing relaxing massage I've ever had just hte way she touches you its in between relaxing and sensual with just a slight tease. When I turned over cock hard as a rock she asked if i wanted any extras thst was a silly question. Starting at my legs and working up to my chest she teases and touches my cock as she slides up when grabs a hand full of oil and starts stroking this wa just as good as her massage playing with her tits while she is licking my nipples I came hard. After cleaning me up she came back with hot towels and wiped off the oil she put on me. Amazing time that was worth every cent


Floor: #8
Post Time: 23rd September 2019, 02:27 PM
Poster ID: Madeupname
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lily

Establishment : Five Dock Massage

Date of Visit : 18 Sept 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 3/81-85 Great North Road Five Dock, Home | Five Dock Massage

Phone : 9713 9916, 0420 606 666

Hours of Business : 10am-8pm

Rates : $60 ph + 50 nude hj

Age : early 20s

Size/shape : tall, slim, C cup?

Nationality or Ethnicity : I thought she was Chinese, but the roster says Thai.  

Services Provided : nude massage + hj

Value for money/recommend? : Not really

My experience:

Went here after an abortive attempt to go to Kelly's Asian Flowers (10 mins walk away) - too many construction workers around the entrance put me right off (there's a building site next door). So, I thought I'd release my sexual tensions at this place (my first visit here). Walked in, and Lily introduced herself, a tall, pretty girl wearing a short, figure-hugging dress. Good English too. Yes, this place'll do! As mentioned in other reviews, this is a nice clean shop. In the room, I stripped and lay down on the table, and Lily went to work. She did a pretty decent oil massage, but for me, there just wasn't enough tackle teasing, and it was only intermittently sensual. I wasn't here to get aching muscles seen to - I was here to be teased and pleased! We agreed on the nude HJ price ($50) and things heated up on the flip when she stripped. She's got a beautiful arse, and lovely pert tits with prominent nipples. She did a nice bit of cock-and-ball work, a "boob slide" (but no body slide), and offered her tits for sucking. Kept her pussy out of reach. With my mouth attached to one of her nipples, I soon spurted.

Look, it was OK, but I would've liked more teasing, and a good, long edging session without the pretence at a therapeutic massage. But maybe I was just cranky after the Kelly's incident. Would I go again? Might be worthwhile checking out another girl, and being a bit more assertive about the way the session should go.


Floor: #9
Post Time: 6th October 2019, 04:38 PM
Poster ID: Manpower
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
This place is always a hit or a miss nothing in between. You either get an 8/10 or 9/10. Next score card is 1/10 or 2/10.


