Thread Title: HK No 1 massage - Haberfield - 8540 1676
Floor: #1
Post Time: 7th September 2017, 02:56 PM
Poster ID: Chowunfat
Post Title: 
 HK No 1 massage - Haberfield - 8540 1676
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Wendy

Establishment : HK No 1 Massage

Date of Visit : 6th Sept 17

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 147 Ramsey St, Haberfield - 85401676

Hours of Business : 10am to 8pm

Rates : Paid $110 for 45 min (suppose to be Nude Body Massage) all up paid $140.00

Age : 35-40

Size/shape : Tall, Slim with Small A Cups

Nationality or Ethnicity : MLC

Services Provided : Nude Body Massage

Value for money/recommend? : No Really

My experience/comments : 

Finances have been really tight lately, saved enough to go for a massage after a long absence, so  which i thought i would try some place new.
Heard about this place in Haberfield so thought that I would give it a try.
I went there mid afternoon without making a booking .
The place has a small entrance which you go up a few flights of stairs. I followed the signs to the 1st floor and rang the bell which the Mamasan let me in . 
The Mamasan took me into a room which was quite clean, comfortable and tidy, told her that i wanted a nude full body massage with HJ for 45 min , in which she replied would be $110.00
Apparently there were 2 girls working , one was busy so i was allocated Wendy.
Wendy came into the room after i had undressed and lay down on the table, she is quite tall for a MLC, very slim with A Cup breast. Face was quite pleasant and her English was quite good. Wendy had stripped down to her underwear and started the massage.
Massage was more sensual than therapeutic , would have preferred a harder massage , but still soothing and relaxing nonetheless. She had taken her bra off and gave a bit of a body slide, her skin was super smooth. 
After about 15 min, I was told to Turn over, which I had noticed she was still wearing her knickers and asked her it would be more comfortable if she took them off.
At this point , the commercial side of things came into the picture. Wendy explained that for her to be completely nude and for her to give me a HJ was not included in the price and had asked for another $30.00 . 
I was in 2 states of mind at this stage and as usual my little head over-ruled my big head and agreed to pay her the extra $30.00.
Wendy stripped completely , she was completely shaved down South which looked very cute. She allowed touching within reason (no finger insertion) , gave the HJ and finished me off.
As nice and friendly as Wendy was, I just didnt feel value for money , I didnt feel satisfied at all.
In situations like this, I dont like to complain as i feel that it is pointless. Better to be quiet and dont go back.
there are better value for money places elsewhere .


