Floor: #1
Post Time: 19th January 2015, 05:11 PM
Poster ID: mrxc
Post Title: 
 Hornsby Chinese Massage - Suite 102 10 Edgeworth David Ave, Hornsby - 02 9477 7214 /  0451 886 065
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Linda

Establishment : Suite 102, 10 Edgeworth David Avenue Hornsby NSW 2077

Date of Visit : Thursday 8th January 2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 9477 7214 

Hours of Business : 10-7.30pm

Rates : $60 for 45 mins

Age : late 30s

Size/shape : 12/A cups

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Massge RNT BBBJ

Value for money/recommend? : yes

My experience/comments :

So I was tired from work and worked pass this new massage place that looked really legit.  
The place was new and looked very clean.  I took a shower cos I was filthy from work and the bathroom was clean which was an added bonus.

Asked for a 45 min massage and I gotta say Linda was fantastic.  Probably one of the best massages I've had, she knew what she was doing and the pressure point places were spot on.
Nearing the end of the session, she started to work on my butt a bit and wasn't shy about having her hands brushing my balls and crack.  
So I knew I was in luck 

She cleaned the oil off my back with a warm towel and asked me to turn over.  She looks at my semi hard cock and ask if i wanted a massage there.  I nodded and before we even negotiated on the price, she already oiled up my cock and started stroking.

Thought I'll chance it and ask if she'll suck it.  I was expecting a no, but she actually asked me how much I'll give her.  I offered her $50 and she accepted.  She wiped the oil off my cock and I was shocked when she just put it in her mouth and started to suck!  She's definitely new to this, she had no condoms prepared and it was a pretty amateurish bj.

Got her to strip and get into a 69 position.  Nothing much in the boob department, small but cute A cups. Tiny little pussy with very little hair.   Fingered her a bit and played with her clit, while she kept sucking my cock.  Shouldn't have given her any warning, otherwise she would've taken my load in her mouth for sure.

Overall a great massage and the BBBJ was a bonus.  Probably won't try the BBBJ again, a bit risky, especially when everyone here starts asking for one


Floor: #2
Post Time: 19th January 2015, 06:02 PM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thank you for your review mrxc.

Good review.

The web link for Suzi Best Massage, Suzi Best Massage Hornsby - Asian Massage Sydney





			
				Suzi Best Massage Hornsby
Open 7 Days to 7:30pm




Name: 	Suzi Best Massage Hornsby
Address: 	Suite 102, 10 Edgeworth David Avenue Hornsby NSW 2077
Directions: 	At the rear of the Hornsby Professional Centre.
Enter the courtyard and Suite 102 is up on Level 1 between the two staircases - see photos below.
Phone: 	(02) 9477 7214 Direct dial with click on mobile phone browsers*.
Hours: 	10am - 7:30pm. 7 Days
Specialty: 	Chinese style therapeutic massage.
Parking: 	Plenty behind building (driveway on Highway side).
2 hour free at Westfield - street access from top level adjacent to 'My Chemist'
Public Transport: 	Railway station just a few minutes walk - head towards Westfield on the Highway and turn left into Edgeworth David Avenue.
Serving Suburbs: 	Hornsby, Asquith, Waitara, Westleigh, Wahroonga, Warrawee, Turramurra
Bathroom: 	Modern shower & bathroom facilities available.
Premises: 	New - Opened Feb 2014. Spacious, modern & clean.
Air-conditioned for comfort.
Payment: 	Cash


Floor: #3
Post Time: 23rd February 2016, 11:25 AM
Poster ID: FFDT
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jessie

Establishment : Suite 102, 10 Edgeworth David Avenue Hornsby NSW 2077

Date of Visit : 19/02/16

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 9477 7214

Hours of Business : 10-7.30pm

Rates : $70 for 1 hour

Age : mid 20s

Size/shape : 8 - B Cups

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : RNT 

Value for money/recommend? : Maybe

My experience/comments :

There are a couple of RnT places in this same complex and I have reviewed a lady from the other one before, however i thought I would try out this place for something new. Made a booking for 12pm, no lady in mind, just take what I get when i get there. On arrival there was a lady sitting behind the counter in what I can only really describe as a white lab coat, who called out to Jessie. Jessie led me into one of the back massage rooms, which was quite large, with pretty standard furnishings. Jessie herself was wearing little black shorts with a small pink tank top. She has a great body, pretty skinny, but a nice shapely arse and nice little tits. Her face is fairly attractive and you can tell straight away she is Thai.

I payed for the hour, got naked and lay on the table. She gave a nice massage. She started around my bum and lower back which took me by surprise, different to the chinese massages I have had in the past, with lots of long slow strokes but also managing to find knots and work them out. Overall it was a nice massage.

The reason I say maybe in my recommendation, is because there was no tackle tickle at all. She just asked me to turn over and then started massaging the front of my legs, which was nice, however I do like the teasing of the tackle tickle before turning over. After finishing on my legs she asked if I wanted a HJ to which I, of course, said yes. She also said she would get naked for $50 total. I don't usually pay the extra for the clothes off, but because she had such a nice body, I decided to have a look. She stripped and came over to the side, opposite a mirror on the wall that gave me a great view of her arse. The tug was pretty standard, with ball rubbing while jacking me off. I grabbed her arse while she did it and she didn't seem to mind. I was pretty horny, so I didn't last long and deposited a very large load all over myself.

I'm not sure if there is any other extras available as I didn't ask. All in all, I had a good time. She is an attractive girl with a great bod, however the lack of any build up before the turn over ruined it a little for me.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 23rd February 2016, 02:10 PM
Poster ID: WOTAN01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by FFDT


Person's Name : Jessie

Establishment : Suite 102, 10 Edgeworth David Avenue Hornsby NSW 2077

Date of Visit : 19/02/16
.....................

I'm not sure if there is any other extras available as I didn't ask. All in all, I had a good time. She is an attractive girl with a great bod, however the lack of any build up before the turn over ruined it a little for me
"""



Good to see you back reviewing after your absence.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 22nd April 2016, 11:58 AM
Poster ID: Mercurio56
Post Title: 
 Hornsby Massage Clinic - Hornsby NSW -  9477 7214 (aka Suzi Best Massage
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jin

Establishment : Hornsby Massage Clinic

Date of Visit : April 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Suzi Best Massage Hornsby - Asian Massage Sydney

Hours of Business : Open 7 days until 7:30 pm

Rates : $40 - 1/2 hour, $70 - 1 hours ($50 nude extra)

Age : 30s

Size/shape : Slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian

Services Provided : Massage

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : 

Well for some reason I had gone off visiting Asian RnT parlours; probably because of the very average service that I had received in the past.
I had enjoyed some of the FS and RnT places on the North Shore and, after reading the reviews here, decided to venture forth again.
This parlour is easy to find, with another no more than 20 metres away on the same first floor level, surrounded by dentists and doctors.  So it was legitimate to go for a 'therapeutic' massage, right? 
In I walk mid-afternoon and it must be slow, as there is no one about.  I walk in and the 'mamasan' calls out "Jin" and a short Asian girl comes out from the waiting area to take me into the room.  It all looks very legitimate, obviously having been a surgery in the past.  Jin asks how long I wanted to stay and then I said 30 minutes, for which she asked $40.  I thought it better to ask up front if there were any extras available, to which she replied "nude?" and she let me know that was an extra $50.  I decided to pay this, because I wanted to see what was under her LBD and also to ensure I did receive a 'happy ending'.

So after she takes the money away and brings me back a drink of water, I settle onto the table and get ready for the massage.  Clearly I could have gone straight for the 'T' portion, as she asked if I wanted the massage first.  Unfortunately her clothes did stay on during the massage, but as my head was in the hole in the table, there wasn't much to see.  Her massage was actually quite good and just for that I would go back, as I do like a good massage as well as the other benefits of places like this.

So when it was time to turn over, I got to watch Jin take off her clothes before me.  She certainly has a nice little body, with nice C cup breasts and big perky nipples.  Downstairs was a very nicely trimmed landing strip.

She started to rub me all over, fingers drifting over my nipples, which I love.  She noticed my groans at this stage as she touched my nipples and moved her mouth to tongue them as she stroked me.  I was about to ask if I could touch her when Jin took my hand and placed it on her firm little arse (I think it paid to be a gentleman and wait to be given permission to touch and not to presume) . She then took my hand to place it on her breast, and I was able to feel her nipple get hard under my hand.

I moved a hand back to her arse and then slowly proceeded to stroke towards her pussy.  As I did not get any signals to stop, my hands continued downwards to arrive at a pussy that was very pleasantly wet.  While Jin took care of 'little me', I asked her to lift her leg onto the massage table so I could slide my fingers up and down her wet pussy.  She seemed to be enjoying this and before I knew it I was across the line.  If I had had more time, I would have also continued on her, to see if I could also push er over the edge.

After all of this, she gave me wipes to clean up my hands and then proceeded to get a hot, wet cloth to clean me up.  We chatted briefly as I dressed and then she dressed, took the wipes and headed out of the room, leaving me alone.

I am used to the girls coming back once you are dressed and escorting you out of the premises.  This didn't happen, but as I left the room I noticed that Jin was the only girl working and was no doubt back in the waiting room for the next punter to arrive.

So, now that I have broken my self-imposed drought, I will definitely be back to visit this shop and hopefully Jin as well.  She says that she works there on a Thursday, but I am sure they girls change rosters and days all the time, so I will have to call before I next visit and hopefully will get to see Jin again.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 23rd March 2017, 02:14 AM
Poster ID: BeachedWhale
Post Title: 
 102/10 Edgeworth David Avenue
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Emmy (or Annie) - mamasan had heavy Chinese accent

Establishment : Hornsby Massage Clinic

Date of Visit : 22/Dec/2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Suite 102/10 Edgeworth David Avenue, Hornsby. 
9477 7214.

Hours of Business : 10am-7:30am

Rates : $70 1 hour + $50 naked HJ

Age : mid 20s

Size/shape : slim, average Thai height (under 160cm)

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Massage. Naked HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

I was at Westfield Hornsby and having trouble deciding what to buy before Christmas, so I did a google search on nearby massage shops, as you would. And found there were massage shops at 10 Edgeworth David which was just a street down.

At 10 Edgeworth David Avenue, was a small plaza with a courtyard, surrounded by a few small businesses. There were two massage shops up the stairs but one of them seemed like a professionally run place. So I picked the opposite one - suite (or sweet) 102.

As I entered, I saw mamasan. She greeted me with a heavy Chinese accent. I asked her who was available, and she introduced a Thai girl called Emmy or Annie. She was cute and looked sexy. One hour session please!

As I was led into a room at the back (the place was like an office turned into a massage shop), I noticed they had a shower facility. Given that my balls were sweaty, I asked Emmy if I could take a shower before proceeding. She was nice and told me to undress in the room, then she gave me a towel and took me to the shower room.

After a quick shower, I went back into the massage room, where she was waiting for me. She helped me take off the towel and realised I was already hard (haha).

Now, lying on my front with a hard on, wasn't the most pleasant, but she looked sexy enough, I didn't want to argue.

Emmy began with very good Thai massage and softened up a few joints, she even walked my back. And regularly flirted with me, and the occasional whispering into my ears.

About 30 minutes later, she asked me to turn around. She smiled and before she had the chance to ask, I said to her what do you offer. She replied HJ and naked HJ. I took the latter.

She stripped off, revealing a size B-C breasts and slim figure. I was now double hard, and she came close and she started running her fingers around my balls - my penis was maximum hard now.

I responded with touching her breasts and slower moving south. But I could only get to Albury, because she had a limit on what she would allow. So I reversed and went north again, to gently touching her breasts again.

She was now playing the rod. I am sure she must have been a fisherman before, she was that good. She then began to reel it in, and was pulling it faster.

Emmy kept on giving me this cute stare, and then I just exploded. Emmy giggled and then helped to tidy up me and continued to massage me with the ramaining 5 minutes.

As I had just walked out of the shop, I encountered a sexy girl was carrying back the advertising stand. She seemed sexy too but Emmy did enough to satisfy me.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 17th July 2017, 03:20 PM
Poster ID: Mercurio56
Post Title: 
 Barbara - Hornsby Chinese Massage - (02) 9477 7214 or 0451 886 065
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Barbara

Establishment : Hornsby Chinese Massage (formerly Suzies)

Date of Visit : April 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Hornsby Massage Clinic

Hours of Business : 

Rates : $75/ 1/2 hr

Age : Mid 20s

Size/shape : Skinny/Size 10?

Nationality or Ethnicity : Caucasian

Services Provided : RnT

Value for money/recommend? :  Yes

My experience/comments : 

Firstly apologies that I didn't post this earlier.

So it has been a long while since I have visited any of the RnT  places i used to frequent and decided to visit HCM for some relaxation  today.

 I have visited this  establishment before and enjoyed the experience.  As a result, I decided  to visit again.

 I have not been here for so long that there was no point ringing to  request someone I had seen before, so I just turned up to find out who  would be available.  I walk in and had the usual discussion with the  Mamasan asking if I had visited before.  I said yes and she called out  "Barbara"...not a very Asian name, but hey, the girls get to name  themselves, so what ever.

 I was so surprised when a Caucasian girl comes to pick me up and lead  me to the massage rooms.  I decided on a 30 minutes massage ($40) and  then asked what extras were on offer.  Nude massage and hand relief were  the only extras on offer and I accepted.

 On Barbara's return to the room, she stripped down to a pick  g-string, which did not happen on my last visit until almost the end.

 On to the table and Barbara begins what was a really good massage.   She tells me she has years of practice as a physiotherapist in Chile (  not this type of massage I bet).  This may be a new topic of common  discussion with foreign WLs as she was concerned about her ability to  get a residency visa with the changes the Government as just proposed.

 As this chat broke the ice with Barbara and I very soon asked if I  could touch her as she massaged be, which she agreed to.  Time for my  hands to go wandering forward onto her cute ass as she stood at my head  and massages down over my back.  Every time she moved I was allowed to  stroke her back as she touched me.

 Before she had me roll over, she was undertaking some very pleasant  'tackle work' from my side.  I was able to reciprocate this with my  fingers stroking over her g-sting covered pussy.  Being gentle with her  and slow meant my hands weren't batted away if I had taken liberties  with her too early.

 When she asked me to turn, at the same time her g-string was  removed.  She stood by my side, taking things in hand and I was able to  play with her lovey breasts and slide my fingers over her now nude  pussy.  While she worked on minim me, a finger was able to slide up and  down her slightly mist pussy lips without obstruction.  The fell of her,  the sight of her and her fingers on me soon brought things to the  normal 'happy ending' although this time a better than usual occurrence  due to my involvement with her.

 She proceeded to massage me at the end with her finger tips, after  cleaning up and then provided to get a warm, wet towel to remove the  massage oil and other things.

 She is studying English, so only works at Hornsby on a Friday and  Kings Cross on a Saturday.  I will definitely be back for another visit


Floor: #8
Post Time: 30th June 2018, 12:22 PM
Poster ID: Mercurio56
Post Title: 
 Hornsby Chinese Massage (formerly Suzies) - Amy - 02 9477 7214
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Amy

Establishment : Hornsby Chinese Massage (formerly Suzies)

Date of Visit : June 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :   02 9477 7214   102/10 Edgeworth David Avenue, Hornsby    Hornsby Massage Clinic 

Hours of Business : 10: am - 7:30 pm 7 days

Rates : $40/ 1/2hr massage  $50 nude & hj

Age : early 30a

Size/shape :  Slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : 

Services Provided : Chinese

Value for money/recommend? : Meah

My experience/comments : 

 OK, so I decided to try a weekend RnT punt at a place that I have visited in the past with varying degrees of success. 

  This punt was ok.  Amy seems like she is either very new from Taiwan, or  maybe it is just that her English wasn't that good.  She was happy to  allow for extras, with the extra $50 for a nude massage with hand relief  on top of the standard $40 massage. 

  Once she came back into the room with my change, she was reluctant to  nude up straight away, which I thought odd.  Having said that, I do know  this establishment is trying to be legit and the girls dont want to get  caught doing anything that they shouldn't do. 

  So I lie on the table and let Amy start a not bad massage.  She is  standing at my head and I ask her if I can tough her (she is wearing  jeans and a fluffy jumper).  She says yes and I reach both hands forward  to cup a small, tight ass in a pair of tight jeans.   

  Quite quickly I thought, after a quick back massage, she invites me to  turn over.  I lie there, face up and I hear the rustling of clothing  being taken off behind my head, where I cant see her.  When Amy moves  down to my side to start the 'other' massage, she is still wearing  panties and then I notice that it is the 'time of the month' for her and  that is the reason the panties are still in place  

  Hmmm, so the nude massage is going to be semi nude.  She moves to  the tackle and start to gently rub me.  She reaches down and strokes  over my balls and old fella and reaches done to stroke lower.  She grabs  some oil and oils the whole set up.  She is really quite sweet and it  trying hard (probably noticing my disappointment at the of lack of total  nudity) and continues to massage slowly from my ass, up over my balls  and penis.  Well I do like a bit of prostate massage and think,  "well,  I may as well ask".  Next time her hand dips lower to my ass, I  moan loudly and reached down to hold her hand there.   She smiles and  nods, she gets the idea that I i would like some attention there too.   So she gets up, grabs a rubber glove and puts it on the other hand. 

  So the tug continues, with lots of attention to the tackle in one  hand and my ass in the other.  Very soon we reach the inevitable, which I  must admit I did enjoy. 

  So the time overall was ok.  She tried very hard to please and  seems like a nice gal.  But it was hard to communicate with her and  she  wasn't really that good at the massage.  Sill, it is a relatively cheap  place and sometimes I have struck it rich there.  So YMMV.


Floor: #9
Post Time: 24th April 2019, 10:04 AM
Poster ID: ninja unicorm
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hornsby Chinese Massage - (02) 9477 7214 or 0451 886 065
Person's Name : Jessie

Establishment : Hornsby Chinese Massage 

Date of Visit : Easter Sunday 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Hornsby Massage Clinic

Hours of Business : 

Rates : $70 p/h + $50 for extras

Age : mids 30's

Size/shape : size 10, perky B cup, average looks

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian (Chinese) 

Services Provided : RnT, B2B

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments :

 Was feeling like a bit fun relaxation on Easter Sunday so headed to this shop, arrived and greeted by the mamasan who called out something in Chinese then out came Jessie and off to the room we went, she's fairly attractive in an Asian MILF way. 
 Rooms here are good, fully enclosed, proper door, etc. Payed the toll and stripped off onto the table while Jessie left the room. She soon returned and started by placing a towel on my back then pressing and stretching me out. Soon after she commenced the massage, asked if I would like it soft, medium or hard, I told her soft as I like it and wasn't really there for the massage part of things. Massage was good, started on my back and shoulders with long, slow strokes along my back down to my bum, was quite nice. Onto my legs with similar style, not much TT just a few slight glances of my balls while attending to my inner thighs.
 Time came for the turnover and Jessie started softly stroking my chest and legs and asked if I'd like a hand job... Yes please! Then asked if I wanted her to take her clothes off... Yes again. 
 She got her gear off and started oiling up my hard cock while started to played with her ass and boobs, her body was ok I guess, not fat, perky little B cups which were fun to play with and suck on. I asked her if she would like to get up on the table which she did then mounted me in a cow girl position and started to gring her pussy on my cock for a while while licked her cute little titties. 
 We carried on like this for a while then she jumped off and started with the hand job, long soft strokes until I eventually erupted.
 Time was just about up so she went to get some hot towels and gave me a good clean up. 
 Was a good session without being amazing.


Floor: #10
Post Time: 25th November 2019, 10:40 AM
Poster ID: Mercurio56
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Mimi

Establishment : Hornsby Chinese Massage

Date of Visit : November 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://asianmassagesydney.com.au/hornsby

Phone : (02) 9477 7214

Hours of Business : 10am - 7:30pm. 7 Days

Rates : 
30 minutes - $40
  45 minutes - $60
  60 minutes - $70
  90 minutes - $100
120 minutes - $130

nude HJ $50 extra

Age : early 30s

Size/shape : slim - size 6-8?

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Massage - nude HJ $50 extra

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments :

So I haven't been to visit this shop in ages and really felt i could do with a massage.  I know that in most of thees places an actual massage isn't really likely, but I have found the ladies here quite good with their hands for remedial massage.

It was a Sunday morning and the only gal available was Mimi.  She is a little older and her English isn't very good, but she is actually a good masseuse.

When it was time to roll over, the offer of clothes removed for an additional $50 was offered which I took up.  She has a nice slim body and the thickest thatch of pubic hair I have seen for ages.  She was skilled at the 'special' massage on offer and ran her fingernails over my sensitive bits which felt amazing.

She is only available on a Sunday and I will definitely be back for another massage.  If I see her again, perhaps she will be less shy.


