Thread Title: Japanese Massage - 335 Gardners Rd Mascot - 0404 921 729
Floor: #1
Post Time: 24th July 2017, 09:03 PM
Poster ID: luvthetug
Post Title: 
 Japanese Massage - 335 Gardners Rd Mascot - 0404 921 729
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sake

Establishment : Japanese Relaxation Massage

Date of Visit : 11/7/2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : New????????Japanese Relaxation Massage ??? - Sydney body rubs - backpage.com.au

Hours of Business : 10 am - 9 pm

Rates : $65 1hr

Age : Mid 20's

Size/shape : Skinny

Nationality or Ethnicity : Japanese

Services Provided : Massage, Nude, HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : Apparently this is a fairly new shop, according to Sake it has been open about a month.  It used to be a realestate before. As promised parking was quite easy in Berry St, only a short walk to the front of the shop.  There is also a rear entrance, I used that to leave but entered off Gardners Rd.  The place is decked out well, clean and spacious. The rooms were private too, although I think I may have been the only one there at the time.  The girl at the desk led me to the room and I fixed her up $65 dollars for the hour, she was pretty and very polite, would have been happy to have a massage from her. She left and Sake entered almost straight away so I had to get my gear off and lye down on the bed in front of her.  She was holding a towel up to maintain my modesty. She started the massage and asked if I had areas that needed attention. I asked her to work on the shoulders and lower back which she did.  The massage was not one that gets stuck into all the knots in your back, the pressure was firm but the movements were slow and seemed very deliberate. I found it very relaxing.  I was covered the whole time with the towel and she worked from my back to the arms, right to the finger tips and then the legs again right to the toes. There was no accidental tackle touching and she didn't even touch the butt until she asked if I would like HJ. l was starting to get worried thinking it may have been a Therapeutic only joint.  She asked for $20 for HJ and I asked if she would do nude which she obliged for $50.  I didn't ask for anything else so not sure if anything else was on offer.  Sake disrobed and revealed a very tiny body with small A cup tities.  She was a bit too skinny for my taste but a very gentle and polite lady.  She worked my butt for a bit then asked me to flip.  The slow and deliberate strokes continued with the HJ, cupping my balls and massaging the base of my head with her thumb.  I thoroughly enjoyed the attention and after I blew she went for some hot towels for the clean up.  Sake, although quiet and not really talkative did a great job. She wasn't stunning but she was a lovely lady.   I will be returning, although I would like to try some of the other ladies there.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 15th November 2017, 02:54 AM
Poster ID: caseyjo
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sake

Establishment : Japanese Relaxation Massage

Date of Visit : 14/11/2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 335 Gardeners Road, Rosebery.

Hours of Business : unsure

Rates : $40-30mins (+ $20 HJ or $50 NHJ)

Age : 20's

Size/shape : Skinny

Nationality or Ethnicity : Japanese

Services Provided : RNT 

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

Paid the money at desk and was ushered into the room. Sake entered while I was still undressing which is fine by me - no need for pretense!

I laid down on the table and she covered me with a towel and began a massage of lower back and shoulders. It was decent, firm massage - quite enjoyable.
Around 10 mins in she asked if I had any areas I wanted massaged.  It seemed like a leading question, so I turned over and removed the towel.  
She pointed below and I nodded - $20? - ok.
I enquired about nude - $50 - but didn't take it up as prefer to have longer booking for that.

She then sat beside me and began a very slow, extended massage of balls and shaft.  It was great - much better than the rush to bring on climax as is commonplace.
Sake also used generous amounts of oil.  I particularly liked how she would get a handful of oil and then dribble it over the shaft.

The intensity was ever so gradually increased until eventually I couldn't hold off any longer and blew.
Clean up with a warm cloth to finish, and time was just about up.

All in all a very pleasant experience, especially the slow HJ, and would happily return.  Sake said she is there 4-5 days a week.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 14th October 2019, 02:34 PM
Poster ID: woftam
Post Title: 
 Japanese Relaxation Massage-335 Gardeners Road, Mascot
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Yuka

Establishment : Japanese Relaxation Massage

Date of Visit : Wed 9 October 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 335 Gardeners Rd. Mascot / not aware of a website 

Phone : 0404 921 729

Hours of Business : 10am-9pm (7 days)

Rates : $40 (30 minutes), $55 (45 minutes) / $65 (60 minutes)

Age : 28 (shop says) but Yuka said 32. She has a lovely manner

Size/shape : 170cm or so, slim and I'd say B Cups

Nationality or Ethnicity : Japanese (receptionist says shop only has Japanese staff)

Services Provided : Nude HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Great value for the $ with typically Japanese attention to customer service

My experience/comments : Met the girls and chose Yuka for 45 minutes. I prefer older woman as I've found they're often more relaxed with themselves plus a little more comfortable with what they'll happily provide service wise. Maybe also a competitive things with younger staff

Yuka greeted me warmly and said 'up to you' when asked whether to remove the jocks.  Did so and lay down to be partly covered with a warm towel followed by lots of good technique on the back and legs.  No sense of eros but lovely conversation (Yuka's English is conversational level) and towards the end , a few discrete shy brushes of the little fella.

Turn over then shy enquiry whether I'd like anything more in mind.  Sure I said with a lots of gentle play of the little fella and balls following with a huge explosion. Yuka seemed very delighted with how I reacted to her.  Typical high level Japanese customer service from a nice person.
WIR: absolutely. Intuition is that more may be on the menu.

9/10 

Cheers

W


Floor: #4
Post Time: 15th December 2019, 02:27 PM
Poster ID: Lasher167
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Kikoru (I think)

Establishment : Japanese Relaxation Massage

Date of Visit : December 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 335 Gardeners Rd. Mascot 

Phone : 0404 921 729

Hours of Business : 10am-9pm (7 days)

Rates : $40 (30 minutes), $55 (45 minutes) / $65 (60 minutes)

Age : Did not ask for age but definitely 20s

Size/shape : 170cm or so, slim and I’d say B Cups

Nationality or Ethnicity : Japanese 

Services Provided : Nude HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Nice service from a young Japanese girl very attentive

My experience/comments : 

Having read about this place, friend and I went to pay a visit. We went in and were greeted by a pretty young and hot japanese receptionist. We paid for the 30 mins $40 option. The receptionist told us to go to room 2 and 4 and we waited. Kikoro came in, she was slim and very cute and asked me to strip. I asked if I should remove my undies (there are signs all over the receptionist saying, we do not offer sexual services), she said up to you. 

I stripped off and laid on my front and she covered my ass with a towel. The massage was pretty decent and she massage my back, shoulders, butt no tackle play. Whilst her english is pretty good there wasnt much communication, maybe because i didnt seem very talkative. 

At the 15th min mark she got a hot towel and wiped my back of the oil an told me to turn over. She told me there is 15 mins what would you like. I asked her what is on offer. She said HJ is $20, nude is $50, touch is $60(boobs and pussy) and kiss body is $70. I would have preferred to touch and kiss but $70 was a bit expensive and just went for the $50 option. 

She had a shaved pussy and b cup tits she had a wide waist and was pleasant to look at. She got the oil and started to rub my cock and cup my balls whilst sucking my nipples. I started to get aroused but then the rubbing and cupping became a bit rough and i felt like i want to cum but somehow did not, then i went limp. She asked if came and I said I dont know, she continued to rub me and was apologetic as I did shoot but the feeling was like i orgasmed. I told her not to worry and to stop jerking me off. She then got another hot towel and wiped my cock down.

Overall was a nice massage, but I will not see her again. I asked her what days she is there but she said I should call as her days are not set.


