Thread Title: Japanese Massage Bondi
Floor: #1
Post Time: 26th November 2018, 11:41 PM
Poster ID: InnocentDave
Post Title: 
 Japanese Massage Bondi
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Amanda
Establishment : Japanese Massage Bondi
Date of Visit : November 2018
Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 49 Ebley St Bondi Junction NSW 2022
Phone : 0490 817 992
Hours of Business : 10am to 8pm
Rates : $70 for 1hr + 50 for Nude HJ (FS available for $100)
Age : 30's
Size/shape : high 150's, petite, small breasts, pretty flat ass
Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese pretending to be Japanese
Services Provided : Massage + Nude HJ
Value for money/recommend? : YMMV
My experience/comments : 
I saw the following ad on locanto: https://sydney.locanto.com.au/ID_240...-Junction.html

I have always loved Japanese women and It seemed like a new establishment, so I decided to venture to Bondi to check it out. The establishment is very exposed and you can be seen by pedestrians waiting in front of the establishment after ringing the door. I was greeted by the owner and led to a huge newly decorated massage room. The room is truly the biggest highlight of this visit.

Amanda entered the room, and I was a bit disappointed to be honest. She was obviously over her 30s and looked very tired. I asked her if she was Japanese, and she said yes. But from her accent, I can tell she wasn't. When I pushed this further, she said that she is Chinese. The massage was standard, nothing special. There was no teasing, so I started thinking that this isn't a RnT establishment. However, after the flip, she told me that she offers extras: $50 for nude HJ and $100 for FS. I was not mentally prepared for FS, so I opted for a nude HJ. She took off her clothes to reveal a slim and petite frame with almost no curves. The HJ was standard, nothing to write home about.

Though the review does not sound very exciting, I do want to make a few comments, and share with you guys why I still might visit Amanda again. First of all, Amanda is very bubbly and chatty. She has a great personality. Second, she is very open-minded and seems willing to meet with people even outside of work. These are things that I might decide to revisit.


