Thread Title: Jasmine's Surry Hills - Shop 1, 6-18 Poplar Street Darlinghurst - 02 9261 5149
Floor: #1
Post Time: 25th January 2018, 08:45 PM
Poster ID: naughtyinsyd
Post Title: 
 Jasmine's Surry Hills - Shop 1, 6-18 Poplar Street Darlinghurst - 02 9261 5149
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Kate

Establishment : Jasmine's

Date of Visit : Jan 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Shop 1, 6-18 Poplar Street Darlinghurst. Phone: 9261 5149

Hours of Business : 10am - 10pm

Rates : $70 / half an hour (BJ + $25)

Age : 30s

Size/shape : Slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : HJ and CBJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : Hadn't been for a rub and tug in a LONG time so called into Jasmine's in Surry Hills/Darlinghurst as a new years treat to myself. Was not given a choice of girls, but was nicely surprised when a pleasant looking and friendly masseuse introduced herself as Nicole. Popped in for a shower (not great, not terrible - at least they have a shower!) and was met in the room by Nicole already naked, with some nice A/B cup perky boobs and beautiful smooth tanned skin. She gave me a very relaxing back massage with a few cheeky ball tickles, allowing my hands to caress her legs as we went. After about 10 minutes she moved into a body slide, her smooth skin felt amazing on me and I couldn't wait to turn over and get a better view of her. 

Eventually it was time to roll over, almost immediately she grabbed my cock and pretended to kiss it - I smiled and said "oh yes?" and she offered a CBJ for additional $25. This was gratefully accepted, she proceeded with a lovely CBJ moving up and down my knob and letting my hands caress her tight butt (no hole touching but was still nice). She let out a few moans as she went which I'm not always a fan of, but it wasn't overdone, and in no time I had exploded, feeling like this year was starting on the right note.

Definitely recommend for value, she is a very friendly girl who seems happy and plays along with it well. My only regret was that I didn't spend a little more time letting her give me a HJ - then again I only opted for the 30 minute option, at that price I think it's well worth extending for at least 45. Will definitely be going back!


