Floor: #1
Post Time: 25th December 2017, 01:24 PM
Poster ID: ThatAsian
Post Title: 
 Jess/Jessy - Pinkberry Massage Chatswood - 0410 445 903 / 0421 270 856
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jess or Jessy

Establishment : Pinkberry Massage Chatswood

Date of Visit : 22/12/2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 6/22 Thomas St, Chatswood  Chatswood Pinkberry Massage

Hours of Business : 10am - 8pm (All Week)

Rates : $50 for 45min + $30 for HJ

Age : Late 20's

Size/shape : Skinny, B cup.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Rub and Tug

Value for money/recommend? : Would not recommend/repeat.

My experience/comments : 

Had finished a meeting early in the morning in Chatswood and did not want to head back to the office in the city, so decided to see what was around in terms of something to relax myself into the festive break. Quick research reveals the area does not review many promising joints so Pinkberry it was.

The location is in a rather quiet street of Chatswood so going in wasn't too suspicious but found out from the receptionist that there is a rear entrance.

When I first walked in the receptionist hopped up rather suddenly and greeted me nicely and asked if it was my first time here (obv was but said its been a while) and proceeded to ask who were the lovely beauties working today. Was introduced to two girls but picked the girl called Jess/Jessy and paid for a quick 45min session.

Was lead to a room and they definitely live up to their name, walls painted pink everywhere!

The massage was very poor form and Jess/Jessy was rather chatty and lacklustre throughout the massage, which was not helping my desire to relax into the break. When the time came to turn around, she hinted at a HJ with the universal sign and I enquired about price and negotiated it down to $30 from $50. She then asked if I wanted her to take off her clothes for another $50... . Answer was no.

Her HJ was rather rushed with lots of oil used and was overall not enjoyable. I honestly would say I reluctantly came and she left to go get towel to wipe me down. 

Got dressed and smiled to the receptionist on my way out and thought to myself - took one for the team so others would not come.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 12th March 2019, 01:44 PM
Poster ID: jp_pooner
Post Title: 
 Pinkberry Massage Chatswood
				
Post Content: 
Hi gents,

I would like to share some information with you all:

Name - Sandy

Establishment - Pinkberry Massage

Date of visit - 12/03/2019

Address - 6/22 Thomas St, Chatswood

Phone - 0421 270 856

Rates - $50/45 mins plus $50 tip for HJ

Age - early 20's, possibly mid 20's

Size/shape - full B cup, slim

Ethnicity - Thai

Services - massage plus HJ

Value for money - yes!

My experience - I entered the Pinkberrry Massage parlour shortly before lunch. I think I was their only customer at the time but I cannot be sure. The shop is on the street level but the street itself is quiet (just off the Pacific Hwy). Sandy was waiting at reception and I was pleasantly surpised with her appearance as there are a few uggos floating around the massage scene.

We entered the nearest room and I happily gave Sandy $50 and then I proceeded to undress for a 45 minute massage. Her touch was a little too firm at first but she softened it for me on request as the time progressed - long sweeping strokes of my torso took place, with oil, and with some light groin and buttock stimulation. She could tell I was getting excited and offered me to lie face up for a happy ending.

Sandy undressed and on display was a tight, probably size 7 body with perky and full B-cup tits, with prominent nipples - quite lovely. There was much b2b contact and she flopped her lovely rack in my face. She gave a sensuous and somewhat protracted HJ, but after about 5 minutes I had no choice but to release. The clean up operation took some time. Sandy then gave me a head massage until the 45 minutes were up.

All in all, a great experience.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 1st May 2019, 01:19 PM
Poster ID: mktrn
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Name - Sandy

Establishment - Pinkberry Massage

Date of visit - Monday March 2019

Address - 6/22 Thomas St, Chatswood

Phone - 0421 270 856

Rates - $40/30 mins plus $50 tip for HJ

Age - early 20’s, possibly mid 20’s

Size/shape - full B cup, slim

Ethnicity - Thai

Services - massage plus HJ

Value for money - yes

My experience/comments : I've seen Sandy a couple of times at this place, and depending on her mood & your tip you might be in for a little extra on top of the HJ.
She's a really friendly girl though, good sense of humour and a cracking body.
Pretty good "actual" massage skills too, but part 2 is always fantastic.
Highly recommend her.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 5th November 2019, 09:29 AM
Poster ID: bobgray80
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Name - Jippee/GP/Gipi (I am not sure I heard this correctly)

Establishment - Chatswood Pinkberry Massage Chatswood Pinkberry Massage

Date of visit -  November 1st 2019

Address - 6/22 Thomas St, Chatswood 

Phone - 0421 270 856

Rates - $50/45 mins plus $50 tip for NHJ

Age - possibly 24-25

Size/shape - full B cup, slim

Ethnicity - Asian

Services - Massage plus NHJ

Value for money - yes

My experience/comments : I have been to this place multiple times, I finished work early on Friday and went there for a massage, This place is next to a Matrix Coaching class, so many Highschool kids will be watching you while you enter the premise. But while leaving, you have an option to leave from discrete back door. 
Paid $50 for 45 minutes, and saw 3 girls and decided to pick up Jippee. I had initially planned for a good massage for my aching back pain, and ending with only HJ ($20) so I kept my undies on, and started the massage. She did a very mediocre massage for around 10 minutes, and started putting the oil near the bum area, and asked me to take off my undies. Until this point, I still hadn't told her about any extras, so she started touching my balls and cock during light strokes, and that made my precious hard in couple of minutes. 
She asked me to turn around, and she started with a body slide and sat on top, I touched her pussy and played for some time with her clit and pussy lips. She said only outside touch and asked me not to insert finger inside. In a matter of second i can feel the pussy was wet. I asked if I can smell, she said yes. 
After few minutes of kissing on mons pubis and clit area, I asked if I can rub my cock on the wet pussy. she agreed. I put a condom, and rubbed my cock against the pussy lips. Few moment later, while gliding my cock on the wet pussy juice, accidentally my cock went inside her, I pulled it back immediately, and ejaculated right after that. 
I still had 15 minutes left, so she gave me a brief message on shoulder, and left afterwards.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 6th November 2019, 04:28 PM
Poster ID: mktrn
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Ella

Establishment : Pinkberry Massage Chatswood

Date of Visit : November 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Chatswood Pinkberry Massage

Phone : 0410 445 903

Hours of Business : 10:00 - 22:00

Rates :
30 minutes: $40
45 minutes: $50
60 minutes: $60


Age : early 20's

Size/shape : Size 6 or 8? / Natural D Cups

Nationality or Ethnicity : Vietnamese

Services Provided : Massage, NHJ

Value for money/recommend? : YES

My experience/comments :

I had a bit of time on Friday afternoon so thought I'd check this place out as I haven't been here for months.
Was greeted by a rather hot little mamasan who unfortunately was apparently not working, but she led me to another incredibly cute girl who took me into a room and closed the door with her inside (Yes!). She said her name was Ella (possibly Ellie?) and she's been here 4 years so her English is top notch. She's super pretty and is really small with beautiful brown skin.

Part 1:
After stripping I got up on the table and she asked if I wanted oil or no oil - I opted for the oil as I'm not a fan of the old dry massage. Her technique is OK, but nothing to write home about (or write here about), but let's face it we don't go to these places for a therapeutic remedial massage. After a few minutes she asks if I'd like to flip over and I'm sure you're shocked to hear that I answered in the affirmative...

Part 2:
Ella drops her dress and takes off her bra to reveal the dead-set best natural rack I have ever seen. She has a tiny but still curvy body with a groomed but natural bush, but you really have to see her cans to believe them. I ask if touching is OK and she offers me the closest knocker, and these gravity defying hooters are incredibly firm but obviously natural. Her hand technique is a bit so-so, I only booked for 30 minutes so maybe it would be worth a full hour to see if there's more to the story, but honestly she is worth visiting just for the boobs.
We hit the finish line with a minute or two to spare and after a perfunctory cleanup and some quick chat I'm out the door.

I'm very keen to return and spend a bit more time with Ella and her girls and would recommend anyone do the same.


