Thread Title: Jian - nuru in Sydney cbd
Floor: #1
Post Time: 9th September 2019, 09:01 PM
Poster ID: Bunty4
Post Title: 
 Jian - nuru in Sydney cbd
				
Post Content: 
Jian at asiannuru.com
Person's Name : jian

Establishment : private apartment

Date of Visit :  Sept 19

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Asiannuru.com

Phone :0420 670 233

Hours of Business : SMS and find out...

Rates : 200/hr

Age :  35 ish

Size/shape : 6, C cups

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian.

Services Provided : Nude B2B Spanish R&T PM CBJ. 

Value for money/recommend? :  Yes..not a massive one

My experience: wanted to try out what Nurul feels like. Was not ready for 244 Paddington as I am unsure of FS at this stage. Browsing to find one in CBD....saw a couple of choices. When with Jian as other 2 had after work hours. SMS exchange was quick and time was set for afternoon.

Reached her apartment and was buzzed in. Not sure what to expect. Jian was at the door in a red sillky dress. She welcomes me with a smile and I quickly get finance out of the way. I was not impressed by her looks, well after seeing so many beautiful young girls at City rent I guess one does get spoilt. But I was on here for famoUs twin hole and slippery gel.

She directed me to take a shower which I did and walked into a nice room which was warm and well decorated with a towel warpped. She gracefully took the end of towel and said...lets get that out of the way...I lie in the twin hole....oh what feeling...feels free...no pressure on my precious 😂. 

Kian drops off her silky gown and sets off to work. She starts with normal massage, which I find nice...she heats up but gel after 15 minutes of massage and then I feel a very sensual touch of her Brest on my back...she is now using her body to apply pressure and it's feeling good. Precious is in free fall and does respond well. She finds a space and lets her hand run thought the hole and onto my ,in my mind atlest, throbbing precious. This is amazing. After another 15 mins of of tackle which involves my balls being handled as well, I was asked to flip. Precious is standing like an independent candidate. Jian uses her breast to give me a Spanish. I was not able to touch her breasts or usual suck of nipples, but Spanish was doing the trick..I am surprised I have not cum yet....she proceed to use her moth and Dom me up....I have no clue how, what a tick. She is going to town sucking. I think the Dom is making me last longer... She does go on for good 10 mins and I warn her that I am going to explode...she lets me empty myself in Dom as she sucks on.

Proceeds to carefully get the Dom off and I am catching my breath. I said it was great , never had Nuri before...Pat comes reply, I am professional and best.

I am in no way going to disagree as it's my only experience. 

Had a shower again and another bucket list ticked.

I reckon I still love my regular RnT.


