Thread Title: JJ Natural Massage, Dee Why
Floor: #1
Post Time: 26th November 2018, 12:47 PM
Poster ID: SydneyEmperor
Post Title: 
 JJ Natural Massage, Dee Why
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Mary (?? Difficult to understand)

Establishment : JJ Natural Massage, Dee Why

Date of Visit : 1 November 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Shop 5c, 1 Dee Why Parade, Dee Why NSW

Phone : 0422 070 055

Hours of Business : 8:30am - late

Rates : Full Body Massage: $40 - 30 mins, $60 - 60 mins

Age :  approx early 30's

Size/shape : size 10, average build, B-cup breasts

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian (Thai I think)

Services Provided : Full body massage

Value for money/recommend? : No

My experience/comments : 

I have recently moved down to the Northern Beaches and have been looking for a decent massage parlour that offers the extras that one is after when punting in such places. I must say that it's a little overwhelming with all the options down here but I suspect that the vast majority provide an average service at best. I have been doing some research and reaching out to people (thanks @JJX73) for info and it seems that it's more 'miss' down here that 'hit'. Nevertheless, I decided to give JJ Natural Massage a go.

So my intention was to get a 1 hour massage with HJ extra (which is usually around $20 based on my experience), however, that's not what I ended up with. I found the place (easily enough) and when I entered, that should have been the warning sign. The place seemed clean but more like a nail salon or beauty salon than a massage parlour. There was no one at the front desk and when I walked through I could see tow ladies eating dinner. One came out and I asked for 1 hour massage. This was followed by some discussion between the two ladies (I would love to be able to speak Thai so that I could understand what was being said... ) and the lady I was talking to eventually said 30 mins only. This kinda too me by surprise... but I was horny so decided to go for it.

Anyway, got to the room and it was basic but seemed clean. Only cubicles but had a door. Walls didn't go all the way up to the roof.

The lady started the massage and it was rubbish! It seemed like she didn't know what she was doing and this just added to my annoyance from our initial interaction. So suffice to say that I wasn't enjoying it and there was no arousal. By the time the 'turn over please' came, I had pretty much decided not to proceed with a HJ but when she asked if I wanted, I asked her the price (out of curiosity). She said $40 extra. I said, "come on!!" and she said, "Ok, $30...". This was ridiculous given the service I had received up to now... and I suspect that she was just fishing for the most cash she could. So I politely declined.... After this she finished the massage on my front, occasionally brushing my cock to see if she could get it hard. She was succeeding as my cock started to respond... so she asked again if I wanted a HJ... but I still said no.

Anyway, the massage was over and I was out the door. I wouldn't recommend this place even though it was a one-off bad experience. I just didn't like the vibe, I felt rushed and what topped it off was that while I was in the room having my massage, it seems that the other lady was washing/bathing a young child in the room next door to me. This was just a major boner crusher because I don't want to be in an environment getting an erotic massage and have a child around. It's just wrong!

So it's back to the research and investigating for me. Im sure that there are some hiding gems down here on the beaches


Floor: #2
Post Time: 26th November 2018, 04:00 PM
Poster ID: Chalk010
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Go see May at Mali Thai in Brookvale


Floor: #3
Post Time: 27th November 2018, 12:37 PM
Poster ID: SydneyEmperor
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks for the recommendation, Chalk. Will do!


Floor: #4
Post Time: 28th November 2018, 09:11 AM
Poster ID: Whatakonk
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Mamasan at JJ   Niki is superb  if she still working


Floor: #5
Post Time: 1st December 2018, 08:54 AM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
The Thai girls are always asking for top dollar for the extra's.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 1st December 2018, 10:25 AM
Poster ID: Whatakonk
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Not necessarily.. some do and some are not too greedy.


