Floor: #1
Post Time: 9th December 2019, 02:15 PM
Poster ID: TROLLZER4000
Post Title: 
 Kellyville Ridge Massage - Shop 3/14 Merriville Road, Kellyville Ridge - 0415 606 775
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Vivian 

Establishment : Kellyville Ridge Massage

Date of Visit : 9/12/2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : N/A

Phone : 0415 606 775

Hours of Business : Open 7 Days - 10am - 8pm

Rates : 30 mins - $45, 45 mins- $55, 60mins - $65 + $50 RnT

Age : Looks 25 to early 30's 

Size/shape : Curvy, Short

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Body + HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Money's worth, experience was ordinary 

My experience/comments : 

They previously had a shop at Bella Vista and have re-opened at Kellyville Ridge. I have barely seen any reviews since they opened at the new Keillyville Ridge, and so I thought I would take the punt... 

Driving to the place is purposefully, as the place can be "out of the way" depending on where you reside. 

Parking at the establishment was easy- either on the Street, Dan Murphy's, Macdonalds or the petrol station. There isn't an visible ATM nearby, luckily I did some pre-research and found an ATM at the  Caltex.

Entrance is quite visible and not discreet, and be careful not get confused between the other Thai massage nearby, this establishment says "Kellyville Ridge Massage".

On entrance I was swiftly led into a massage room to wait which lasted at least 8 minutes (I think they were short staffed) I asked for a Thai girl and there was none available today, I had too much punting with Chinese girls and I wanted something different. Regardless I stayed and wanted to see how the experience was, I paid $55 for 45minutes. 

After waiting, I was led into another room, shortly after a Chinese lady walked in and began the massage... Her english was very minimal, The massage itself felt great, as she massaged throughout the whole body, she even jumped on top and used her legs - a very solid effort.

Part 2 was about to begin and she whispered if I would like the RnT for $50. I asked for a CBJ, but that wasn't on offer. 

Her body was very curvy... She allowed for some mutual touching and was very gentle, and allowed for some soft pussy and breasts touch... shortly after I blew my load, dressed and left..


Floor: #2
Post Time: 18th December 2019, 01:41 PM
Poster ID: Axeray
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
.Kellyville Ridge Massage - Shop 3/14 Merriville Road, Kellyville Ridge - 0415 606 775

Person's Name : Gina

Establishment : Kellyville Ridge Massage

Date of Visit : 18/12/2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : N/A

Phone : 0415 606 775

Hours of Business : Open 7 Days - 10am - 8pm

Rates : 30 mins - $45, 45 mins- $55, 60mins - $65 + $50.RnT

Age : Looks 25 to early 30's.

Size/shape : short, petite and tight size 6

Nationality or Ethnicity :  thai

Services Provided : Body +.HJ

Value for money/recommend? : yes

My experience/comments :.

Went in to try the new shop. Yes the shop front is busy but go at the right time and it will be quite.

Went in got shown the first room, which is behind the boarded window. 

Gina is short and tight with eyes tattooed onto her ass cheeks. I suppose it was there to show you she was watching when she sticks her ass in your face whilst stroking your mast. 

She let me play with her a finger slipped in or two and it was tight. She was nice about it too played along with it. 

Then came the massage. Yes. Massage came second. It was a good hard massage. She must have been trained properly. 

All in all she is a good find. Only works wed at that shop. So she says


Floor: #3
Post Time: 8th January 2020, 08:16 AM
Poster ID: seeker
Post Title: 
 Massage, Kellyville Ridge. (formally at Bella Vista)
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Nicole

Establishment : Massage, North Kellyville. 

Date of Visit : Tuesday 7th January 2020.

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 3/14 Merriville Road North Kellyville.

Phone : 0415606775

Hours of Business : 10am-6pm 7 days a week. 

Rates : Massage: $40 for half hour; $65 one hour; and $90 for 1 1/2 hours. Ask for "special massage" and add $50 for HE etc.

Age : about 25

Size/shape : curvy, solid size 10 and short. B cups.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Massage; HJ; DFK; fingering in and outside; COB; squirting.

Value for money/recommend? : Yes, definitely 

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

This shop has recently been relocated from 105/33 Lexington Dr Bella Vista, briefly closer to the new Bella Vista Metro station, and now to refurbished premises at North Kellyville. It is opposite the Ettamogah Hotel but not to be confused with the Thai Village and Spa place a few doors down closer to Windsor Rd. This new shop is well appointed with lockable doors, solid walls to the ceiling and ducted A/C. 
I've seen Nicole at Bella Vista and reviewed her before. She never disappoints. She is very friendly with reasonable English and has a very happy and chatty personality. I called ahead to make sure she was working and booked one hour for 12 noon.
She is not your average slim Thai girl but carries a bit more puppy fat. Once in the room I ask for a "special massage" which is a standard $50 extra at this establishment, on top of the $65 for the hour massage. 
Nicole started by DFK while I sat naked on the table. This soon lead to her stroking lil' seeker while I sucked her erect nipple and fondled her snatch. She soon stripped and returned to place one leg up on the table. Her wet stubbly pussy was sliding on my cock. She then lay on the massage table and asked me to "kiss her pussy". I obliged, tonguing her clit and sliding one, then two fingers inside her tight little cunt. Then, true to previous form, she came hard and squirted all over my hand and arm. A real gusher. Once she regained composure it was my turn. She started a great HJ that didn't last long as I quickly blew my load over the breasts. 
After she mopped up herself and the floor, she gave the best massage I've had in a while, including from legit professionals. She is superb at massage. 
Highly recommend Nicole, as I would the new shop/premises.


