Thread Title: King Massage Rockdale - 02 8542 2843
Floor: #1
Post Time: 10th February 2017, 11:09 AM
Poster ID: Phobs99
Post Title: 
 King Massage Rockdale - 02 8542 2843
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Candy

Establishment : 512 Rockdale King Massage (02) 8542 2843  0432 080 398 

Date of Visit : 10/2/17

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : KING MASSAGE ROCKDALE

Hours of Business : 10 til late

Age : Early to mid-20s

Size/shape : Very pretty face, petite cute dark complexion

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Massage R&T


I haven't been to a R&T place literally for years but really got the urge yesterday.


I was handy to Rockdale so did a walking to this place with no info other than Backpages.

Paid 30min $40 to the desk and was ushered into a small room and laid face down nude on the table.

When the masseuse walked in I could hardly see her face as it was a bit dark and she started right behind me.


Had a lovely 25min oil massage (masseuse clothed), my back and legs have been pretty sore so it was just what I needed.

Time for the flip and she gave me the price of $20 for a handy and $50 for nude and touching, I went for the clothed handy.

Now I could get a loot at her. At first glance I thought she was part Indian, Malay or something but she said she was a Bangkok girl.
I have seen lots of her look in Thailand, more the 'Thai Thai rather than the Chinese Thai look. Very prtty actually and she looked like she had a banging body.

She proceeded to tease the tackle and rub the chest then proceeded with a very competent handjob. I do love a good handy, particular from a tiny little spinner like her.

Nice experience for what it was.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 31st January 2019, 12:26 AM
Poster ID: mickeyd
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Nadia

Establishment : King Massage Rockdale

Date of Visit : 10/01/2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : King Massage – Built with SitePad

Phone : 02 9553 7368

Hours of Business : 10am - 9pm

Rates : $35 for half hour 

Age : Guess at mid-late 20s

Size/shape : Petite

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : NHJ

Value for money/recommend? : yes

My experience /comments: About Nadia, she was lovely and I only put average, but she's somewhere between average and easy on the eyes, the darklit room helped a bit I think. I only say this because she's not as pretty as the previous 3 or 4 massage visits at other places closer to Sydney CBD, but would definitely not say not a extras.

I went in about 3pm, half hour rate was only $35, which was very cheap. Went through the main entrance but there was a back entrance that I didn't bother with. Main entrance can be a bit confronting but I don't live in the area so don't care. It's right next to an ATM though so people lining up at the ATM may make you a bit paranoid. Venue itself is okay, nothing great though.

Met Nadia at the top, she didn't ask about booking or anyone else I might be seeing, just how long I wanted. Went into the room, paid for the massage. Her Part 1 was actually quite good, asked her about name, nationality etc. Not much chatting though which doesn't bother me. She does hum along to the acoustic music she puts on though in the room which is cute.

Part 2 comes along, she offers extras, I take the NHJ $50. Nothing else offered. I ask to sit up instead of lying down (that's my thing), she obliges, she does set the rules though of no kissing and at most, touching on the outside around the downstairs area. All in all, it was decent, though I'd probably try some other places nearby first before going back. Good value for money for the cheaper price.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 31st January 2019, 12:37 AM
Poster ID: mickeyd
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Ice

Establishment : King Massage Rockdale

Date of Visit : 29/01/2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : King Massage – Built with SitePad

Phone : 02 9553 7368

Hours of Business : 10am - 9pm

Rates : $35 for half hour 

Age : Early to late 20s?

Size/shape : Curvy and gorgeous

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : NHJ

Value for money/recommend? : yes

My experience /comments: Yes, her name is 'Ice'. When she introduced herself, she goes, my name is Ice but, I will make you hot. First thing to point out about Ice is her body is a 10 out of 10. Perfectly curvy and fantastic C/DD boobs. I didn't intend to go to King Massage again after a visit earlier this month and went to Belle Massage instead. However on entry the old mamasan goes "we are busy", fair enough, I'll go next door again. Went in through the front door again, noticed there was actually a more unattractive worker there, wearing a formal looking uniform, I was thinking, yeah I probably wouldn't want a nude handjob from her, but she might be the person that takes the job if a legitimate looking customer walks through the door?

As soon as they saw it was a dodgy looking guy like me, Ice brought me into a room, asked if I'd been there before, yes, once, "You know about extras?" "Yes, I do" and she gave me the $50 extra price of a NHJ. 

Part 1, she is actually a great masseuse and enjoyed this, could legitimately have a proper massage with her.

Part 2 came along and yep, she was banging when she got naked. Her face is still pretty by the way, just outshined by her flawless body. Her picture on the website is spot on by the way. To be honest, I was itching and didn't last long from her touching, but still we spent time with me running my hands on her body. All in all, good punt. Also after the punt, she offered me my $5 change back, but I told her it was fine to keep, I don't remember Nadia asking me that, so if you don't want to tip your change, I recommend bringing correct change just in case.


