Floor: #1
Post Time: 23rd April 2015, 11:29 AM
Poster ID: Sethergo
Post Title: 
 Kingswood Massage - 4/232 Great Western Hwy, Kingswood - 02 4732 4564
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Monica 

Establishment : Kingswood Massage

Date of Visit : 15/04/2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 4/232 Great Western Highway, Kingswood. Phone 02 4732 4564

Hours of Business : 10.00am to 6.00pm

Rates : $50 for half hour

Age : older

Size/shape : Great fake boobs good body except for a bit of a saggy belly from having kids.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai?

Services Provided : massage with HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes.

My experience/comments :
 Turned up about 4pm, parked out the back, walked up the stairs feeling very exposed. Rang the doorbell and waited, and waited, and waited. Rang the bell again and waited, I was just about to walk when Monica answered the door in a towel, she asked me if I could wait 15mins, and showed me to the waiting area (read hallway). This place is a 4 bedroom unit, and it looks like at least one person lives onsite. While I was waiting the phone rang out 4 times. After waiting 20 mins, Monica came back out of the room, still in a towel, and from the sounds of it, had a shower. She then showed the bloke before me out, went and got changed into something a bit sexier than her towel and came and got me.

we went into the room, just a massage table in the room, I paid $50 for half an hour, she offered me a shower which I declined, she left, I stripped. She got naked as soon as she came back. She has a nice bum and a great set of fake tits.  Her massage technic seemed to be "put hand down on random part of body and push, pick another random spot and push (no oil?)" soon enough she moved on to some tackle rubbing (not a tickle at all) I rolled over she put some warm oil on her hands and got to work with an expert hj.

She cleaned me up and went back, to her "massage" until time was up, she then offered me another shower (I declined as I was pushed for time due to having to wait 20mins)

i will go back, but as it looks like this place is running 2 rooms and if the phone ringing 4 times in 20mins is any thing to go by, and judging by the amount of towels on the washing line, this place gets busy.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 6th July 2015, 01:10 PM
Poster ID: Sethergo
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Anna

Establishment : Kingswood Massage

Date of Visit : 06/07/15

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 4/232 Great Western Highway, Kingswood. Phone 02 4732 4564

Hours of Business :  10.00am to 6.00pm

Rates : $50/ half

Age : late 40s?

Size/shape : 5foot, plump

Nationality or Ethnicity : Cambodian (judging by the tattoo on her upper back, Buddhist Pali incantation like Angelina Jolies)

Services Provided : HJ + massage

Value for money/recommend? : yes

My experience/comments : Rocked up just before lunch on a Monday, the door was answered by a plain clothed older asian woman who asked if i had been here before, I was then asked to wait 10 mins. As last time the phone rang while I was waiting, this place does get busy.

Anna comes out dressed in just a little asian dressing gown and shows me to the room, she is about 5 foot tall and has a bit of a belly on her. I hand her the money, she leaves and I strip and lay on the table, she comes back in and asks if I would would like "hard or soft massage", then reaches between my legs and starts playing with my balls and askes "soft and naughty or hard and naughty?" I reply that "any kind of naughty is fine" she laughs and starts rubbing my balls with her finger and rubbing her thumb on my arse crack. I get up on all fours and shes reaching under me and stroking my cock with one hand while playing with my balls with the other, her thumb is rubbing on my arsehole. She askes "you like?" to which I moan and shes asks me to roll over, she then gets a condom out of her dressing gown and climbs onto the table, stradling my leg, she them rubs her tits all over my cock, then puts the condom on her finger and reaches around behind me and starts to slip it into me (its not gay if its in an asian massage!! [not that there is anything wrong with that]) while giving my cock a good stroke, I reach between her legs for a feel and she reaches down to add some oil to my fingers. With all this going on it didn't take me long to finish, she cleans me up and then tells me to roll back over for a massage. She then does one of the best massages I have had in a long time, not to hard but enough that you can feel it on more than just your skin. I'm then offered a shower, which i took and i'm glad, i didnt know she had used that much oil until i almost slipped over in the shower. (to get to the shower you have to go back out into the main part of the unit and into the laundary near the door, if there was another punter in the wainting area he could get a good view of you as you walk over there).

All up, a good service for a good price.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 6th August 2017, 04:31 PM
Poster ID: Neptunas
Post Title: 
 Linda @ Kingswood Massage
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Linda

Establishment : Kingswood Massage

Date of Visit : 4/8/17

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 4/232 Great Western Hwy Kingswood, Ph 02 4732 4564

Hours of Business : 1000-1800

Rates : 30/$50 60/$100

Age : Looked mid 30's

Size/shape : B cup, bit chubby but cute face

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Massage, HJ, CBJ, FS

Value for money/recommend? : YES!

My experience/comments :

I'd been here a few times and have not left disappointed, and after having lousy experiences elsewhere, I felt I'd pay another visit. I called ahead to ask what ladies were working, and was told Anna and Linda. Having already seen Anna, I booked Linda to see if she as good as Anna and Monica.

When I arrived, I met with Linda, who I immediately noticed was younger than Anna and Monica. Linda is a bit chubby, I would not say fat, just a bit chubby, has braces and is very cute in the face. I asked for 60 minutes, she said $50. I questioned her as it's usually $100, but she repeated $50. I gave her the $50, she gave me a few minutes to strip and lay onto the table, then came back in.

Linda stripped down, leaving her black lacey undies on. I thought to myself this isn't going to be as good as the other girls, as they usually go full nude. I put that thought aside and started up conversation as I usually do at this place. Linda's english is not the best, but in speaking to her, she said she's only been in Australia for 18 months. 

Apparently Linda usually only works on Wednesdays, but was filling in for another lady. We chatted a bit about Thailand and whatnot. She came across as a very nice lady, but the massage was not on par with Anna or Monica.

20 minutes went by and Linda asked me to roll over. It was then I realised she didn't understand me properly when I said 60 minutes. So I rolled over and she began to give me a hand job. The more erect I became, the more I noticed the infatuated look on her face. Then she said, "So big!" I kept watching her watching me, so I asked her if she'd like to try it out. Linda replied, "Try it?" I said, "If you want, you can. If you don't want, that's fine."

She kept stroking for a little while longer, as she thought about it, before asking again, "Try it?" I said, "Only if you want!" Next thing, Linda grabs a condom, puts it on me and begins to give me a covered blowjob. After a few minutes, she took off her lacey undies and climbed up onto the table and began to ride me. It's definitely not the best sex I've had, but her riding me while I had both hands on her chubby arse while sucking on her nipples was great!

After I came, she climbed off and wiped herself with a towel. I asked her how much extra, then was shocked she only asked for $20! Linda then guided me to the shower where I had a quick wash and got dressed.

I've probably gone into too much detail here, but I was surprised to know they actually did full service. Just goes with what I previously said. I have not left this place disappointed! I will visit again soon and try yet another lady!


Floor: #4
Post Time: 8th August 2017, 11:06 AM
Poster ID: sandsifter
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Sorry to ask but is this a different massage place to the Kingswood Thai place at 2/232 Great Western Highway ?


Floor: #5
Post Time: 11th August 2017, 04:26 PM
Poster ID: dickbrown
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
SS- Yes mate, different shops. 

# 4 -232 is accessed up the stairs from the Wainwright Lane around back. It has has B2B standard, while #2 - 232 is a more legit Thai shop (some will, some won't) that has primary access from the the GW Highway - but also a back door from the lane around back.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 5th June 2018, 04:32 PM
Poster ID: Kidnstrait
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Julia

Establishment : 4/232 Great Western Highway, Kingswood. Phone 02 4732 4564

Date of Visit : 1/5/2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 4/232 Great Western Highway, Kingswood. Phone 02 4732 4564

Hours of Business : 10 to 6

Rates : $50 per 30minutes

Age : Could be around 50

Size/shape : Chubby, plump

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Massage with HE

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : Used to visit regularly but havent been back in a while. Feeling horny and having sampled most of the other services in that area several times, decided to go back. Julia was available. Made a booking and showed up, Was ushered into the room. Paid up and undressed, laid on the table. This place doesnt have holes for your face in the table, you have to twist you neck to the side uncomfortably on a pillow for the duration of the massage. Towels are washed and clean but have the old fabric smell on them. Anyway, nude massage is standard here so Julia gets naked and gives me a well above average massage. 

Starts playing with my balls and cock a bit late into the game but does it very well. Throws in some sexy talk which I didnt particularly like but she was soft and her hand action was good so I didnt say anything. Having liberally used oil on my cock she lets me watch as she oils her tits and does a fantastic spanish on me. The sensations were awesome, better than anything else I can remember in a while. Despite her age and lack of a hot bod, she more than makes up for it in sheer skill and experience. Still rubbing my cock against her tits as she jerks me gently off while stroking my balls intermittently, she takes my full load on her tits. and keeps jerking me off some more till I am dry on her tits. Wow. 

Shower was offered which I gladly took and had a great time. With a whole heap of unhygienic places in that area and a lot of new ads who over promise and under deliver, this is one consistent "know what to expect and value for money" place. Old but reliable.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 23rd October 2018, 03:47 AM
Poster ID: chopstixxx
Post Title: 
 Kingswood Massage - 02 4732 4564
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Monica 

Establishment : 4/232 kingwood great west highways 

Date of Visit : 13 sep 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0247324564

Hours of Business :10-6

Rates :50/ half hour

Age :mid 30s

Size/shape :thin but busty implants

Nationality or Ethnicity :thai

Services Provided :masaage he bj 

Value for money/recommend? :yes $50 massage and he

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

I coming to this place for a long time
She has an amazing body and skinny ass.
Brown complexion and bit of a tummy.
Size 6 maybe 45kg long black hair
Her massage is too good. Works your body like a pro masseuse 
Its honestly wprth just visiting for massage.
And if she knows you she will give you cbj if you are quick
one time i said i dont want a bj just quick fs and she lie on her back and  arch her back waoting for me to fuck her
Very tight. 
I dont know if to everyone amd but she has to know you 
She is mice woman and i treat her with respect


Cheers,


Floor: #8
Post Time: 3rd April 2019, 02:19 PM
Poster ID: Binga
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hey guys - and Mods,

Need to make sure you are picking the right thread when you are writing the reviews here. Seems that on this thread we have a mix of reviews for 2/232 and 4/232. They are both very different shops with different prices, extras and operate very differently.

Mods - perhaps we could split the threads here? Could cause some confusion when people get different prices, extras etc.


Floor: #9
Post Time: 3rd April 2019, 03:25 PM
Poster ID: nextlif
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks Binga. New thread created for 2/232.. you can see it here


