Thread Title: Lily's Asian Massage - Adamstown, Newcastle - 0431 192 959
Floor: #1
Post Time: 9th October 2016, 10:58 PM
Poster ID: GoatyMcBleat
Post Title: 
 Lily's Asian Massage - Adamstown, Newcastle - 0431 192 959
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Lily

Establishment: Lily's Asian Massage 

Date of Visit: today

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: 222 Brunker Rd Adamstown / 0431 192 959

Hours of Business: 9am - 7pm weekdays, 9am - 6pm weekends, but will work later if pre-arranged

Rates: $100/1hr incl HJ, $30 extra for tits out

Age: I would say early 40's but could actually be quite a bit older based on a few things she said through the session, I'm really not sure.  I didn't ask.

Size/shape: Tall (5'10" or so), slim, large natural tits, but definitely the body of a woman in her 40's.  Has probably had a couple of kids.  Still incredibly attractive partly due to her wonderful personality and the fact we really really clicked, but I think I would have found her plenty attractive regardless of that.

Nationality or Ethnicity: Chinese, been in Aus for quite some years so English was good.

Services Provided: strong massage, incredible HJ

Value for money/recommend: Absolutely, she will very likely become my weekly regular.  YMMV as we REALLY seemed to hit it off and I feel like she took extra special care of me, although I could be dreamin...

---
So I had a booking for a massage this arvo but the masseuse didn't show up to work, I was on my way home in a huff but remembered I'd been wanting to try this new-ish place just down the road.  I went in at about 7pm and both girls were working on some lucky fellas... I had my stock standard "nah I don't want a massage now, I'm going to dinner and just wondering if you'll still be working when I finish" excuse locked and loaded in case they didn't take my fancy but Lily (who turned out to be the owner) looked good to me and she had a lovely smile.. she offered for me to sit and wait but instead of listening to two other dudes get wanked off I chose to duck back to the pub for a quick schooner while she finished up.  Got back there and both punters plus the other girl have gone home, it's just her.  She's locked the door but comes running as soon as she hears me trying to open it.

All the usual stuff goes on; give her a hundred bucks for an hour, get nude, and jump on the bed.  She goes off for a little bit and makes a quick phone call, comes back with a bucket of hot water and towels and gets into things.

Her massage was EXACTLY what I like... vigorous, strong, a little bit rough.. some may not like this style but she did ask a few times if it was OK so I'm sure she would make adjustments if required.  I was sore from a long week of work and the hard massage was just what I needed, so I told her to have at it.  We start chatting and we really clicked, usually I like to just lie there without talking and let them do their thing but I think this was the first massage I've ever had where we were chatting and laughing and carrying on for the whole session.  She's a business owner, I'm a business owner, we talked about being busy and work and all sorts of stuff.  I don't know if she's just like that with everyone or if we REALLY got on well... but it leads me to think that from this point onwards YMMV. 

Eventually I'm flipped over and she starts on the HJ... it seems this was included in the $100 price tag but she wants an extra $30 to get her top off.  No arguments there, she pulls the gear off to reveal a surprisingly large pair of cans that would have been spectacular ten or twenty years ago but are still very nice now.  I'm not going to go into too many details here as she seemed a little shy about what I ended up getting (no FS or anything, settle down) but it was top notch and I ended up just about shooting myself in the eye.

Still about ten or fifteen minutes left so she follows all that up with a lovely frontside massage plus some time on shoulders/neck/head during which I very nearly fall asleep... we have a lovely little cuddle then I get my gear back on and off I go into the sunset.  Quick look at the clock before leaving tells me I was there for nearly 75 minutes.

I don't know if it was the fact that we got on well, or if being the owner of the business she just works extra hard to ensure satisfied customers, but it was honestly one of the best RnT's I've ever had.  My head's still spinning and I absolutely will be back, if that's what I can expect each time then she'll more than likely end up my weekly regular!


Floor: #2
Post Time: 4th May 2017, 09:59 AM
Poster ID: Crocodile Dongdee
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lilly

Establishment : Lilly Asian massage

Date of Visit : 3/5/17

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 222 Brunker Rd Adamstown NSW PH: 0431192959

Hours of Business : think 9am - 7pm? Didn't notice.

Rates : $60 = 1/2hr Massage including as she said on the phone "the ending".

Age : guess = 40 yrs.

Size/shape : 170 cm, lean nice Asian shape, nice boobs and legs, long dark wet look hair.

Nationality or Ethnicity :Chinese I think, didn't ask

Services Provided : Massage + happy ending

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

Rang at 1215 and asked if Lilly is available and told yes. On arrival at 1250 Lilly was busy and was taken to 2nd room with "Cina" I think.
Although she was approx. 30 and cute as can be I wanted Lilly due to reading the previous review so I declined and was led to a stool near the front door behind a partition to wait for 15 minutes.
This was OK by me as you get to listen in on the usual goings on such as phone calls, walk ups and low chat from the room in use right next to where I was waiting.
So soon enough I was let into room 1 and set eyes on Lilly for the first time.
Yellow skin tight short dress, black stockings and flat shoes. her arse was 2 cm beyond the hem of the dress. Great look to see her cleavage as well.
Paid $60 and instructed to lay down naked face down.
She was back 2 mins later and instantly began a great firm massage. Little oil ( I like) used, firm and professional. Shoulders back hips back of legs arse and feet. The lot really.
No real adventurious tackle tickle really but enough to keep you keen .
My 1st time here so I guess I was getting the newby massage, more massage then tease I felt.
The whole time I kept lifting my head from the massage table hole to look up her skirt from both the front and the back as It was so short.
She didn't mind at all.
Being a cold day the stockings probably stay on, but summer weather may see no stockings and possibly a G string I imagine.
After 15 mins she say's roll over. There had only been a little chit chat in the first 15 minutes.
She did take 2 calls close together but they were brief and she continued to massage 1 handed at all times and she said sorry so I was fine over all as it's their business right and they run it as best suits them as well.
SO after flip it's straight to the hand job. Slow and firm lots of eye contact and smiles. No offer for naked ness by her or other service given.
Repeat customers may get more I guess. I was happy for a dressed massage and ending anyway.
So a fine hand job later she cleaned up and massaged my front, chest shoulders, head face legs feet and toes, all while I get flashes of her upskirt and cleavage as she did all this.
Some small talk but not much.
Not as flirty as I've had else where.
Once done we had a cuddle and I then dressed as she prepaired for the next John who was on the stool near the door, behind the partition as I had been before.
I would go again but probably on a quiet time , like Sunday morning or something like that.
Other girls may be an option but I would go through the same experience with Lilly happily again.
Over all I was given a 40 minute room time service
Cheer
DTR


Floor: #3
Post Time: 2nd May 2019, 09:03 AM
Poster ID: Driven2Punt
Post Title: 
 Lilly's Asian Massage Adamstown NSW
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lilly

Establishment : Lilly's Asian Massage

Date of Visit : 29/4/19

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 222 Brunker Rd Adamstown

Phone :0431192959

Hours of Business : 9am to 6pm 7 days

Rates : $80 for 1 hr massage and $20 for HJ

Age : 42?

Size/shape : 165cm long black hair size 10?

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : massage and HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Good value and yes to recommend

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)
I have been aware of this place for ages and found the need to finally enter.
It's on a busy road so I had locked door anxiety on approach.
I phoned 10 minute earlier and enquired about the prices etc etc and asked for door to be unlocked for me.
I walked straight in and Lilly was waiting. She is the owner and she offered me another girl but I thought it best to stick to her as she may give the best service as it is her shop.
In the room I asked for happy ending and she said it would be extra $20 so $100 all up.
Private room , soft lights and smooth touches.
Little chat and fine tease and tickle.
Massage was skilled and enjoyable.
Lilly remained clothed at all times.
I felt had I asked her to nude up it would be refused or I would need to pay a heap more.
She was wearing a short skirt and tight top so I could see a fine body good enough in there.
So the massage was 40 mins back and legs, 10 mins front legs and arms and 10 mins HJ
She gave the best HJ.
This was well worth it. She gave good eye contact and nice sounds to bring me through with ease.
So over all a good time.
The location is a little public for me but doable given some co-operation.
I would go again and try another girl but then again if I saw Lilly again she may offer more as I would be a repeat customer?
You know how it works I'm sure.
Have a good one
D2P


