Thread Title: Lisa - oasis massage narwee - 02 9153 7292
Floor: #1
Post Time: 22nd March 2017, 02:53 PM
Poster ID: Weaponhead
Post Title: 
 Lisa - oasis massage narwee - 02 9153 7292
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lisa

Establishment : OASIS MASSAGE NARWEE

Date of Visit : 21/3/2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : XXXNew New New... NARWEE XXXX Erotic Massage - Australia body rubs - backpage.com.au

Hours of Business : 

Rates : $60 for 30mins

Age : early 20's

Size/shape : slim, 5'. A cups

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : massage + HJ

Value for money/recommend? : yes

My experience/comments : 

Saw a new ad on Backpage for a local massage place. Oasis at Narwee.

Fronted up at the address and got buzzed in, up the stairs and met by Lisa. A cute Thai girl. The place is new and had a recent fitout. 3 rooms from what I saw.

Was told $60 for 30 mins with top off and undies + HJ. I said sure. Got offered a shower which I took. A small separate/common shower which was tidy.

Back to the room and onto a larger/wider massage table. Lisa had a nice body but not a lot in the breast department, but I don't mind that. Lisa climbed on my back and proceeded to give a decent, but not sensational, massage. Conversation flowed ok and her English was pretty good.

No real tackle tickle and after 20 mins was told to turn over. She oiled up the old fella and then slid in beside me on the table. She proceeded with the HJ but for some reason it wasn't happening for me (partly from the lack of tackle tickle/foreplay). I would suggest she is a little inexperienced in the finer art of the HJ. After a while I took over and she cuddled into me while I finished off.

I went for a clean up shower and on returning she had gone. I dressed and was met by the papasan on the way out. He said Lisa had another client and he would see me out. He said any problems and talk to him and he would see that I was looked after. Said they had only been going a week.

Lisa works Monday and Tuesday.

All up not bad for $60.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 16th May 2017, 08:33 AM
Poster ID: Weaponhead
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Abby

Establishment : Massage Oasis Narwee

Date of Visit : 13/5/2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : http://australia.backpage.com.au/Bod...ssage/40154258

Hours of Business : 

Rates : $90 for 45mins

Age : early 20's

Size/shape : Petite, around 5' and 40kg

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Nude massage and HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : 

Had a bit of free time on a Saturday so decided to revisit Massage Oasis at Narwee to see what was on offer.

Went in the door and got buzzed up and met Abby at the top of the stairs. A small and pretty young Thai girl. There is no line up or other ladies offered, but I was happy to go with Abby anyway.
$90 for the 45 mins. I undressed and when she returned she stripped to reveal a trim little body with smaller size breasts. All to my liking.
The massage proceeded similar to my other experience and Abby was very chatty and warm and friendly. The massage was quite good and we get to the tackle tickle which she gave plenty of.  All very nice and she whispered in my ear to turn over.
On the flip she immediately oiled me up and started some gently stroking of the old fella while also rubbing her breasts over my chest. This progressed in intensity and she started with some nice moaning and offering her neck for me to kiss. Not long before a blew a load. She cleaned me up and finished off the massage. All very nice.
Abby works on a Saturday.


