Thread Title: Lisa - Luo Yi Massage - Campsie - 02 8283 5397
Floor: #1
Post Time: 13th September 2017, 09:45 PM
Poster ID: Cezar69r
Post Title: 
 Lisa - Luo Yi Massage - Campsie - 02 8283 5397
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lisa

Establishment : Luo Yi Massage 

Date of Visit : 12/9/2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 02 8283 5397 - Luo Yi Massage | XMASSAGE

Hours of Business : Not sure

Rates : $35 for half an hour, $50 for 45 minutes

Age : 40

Size/shape : Lean, fit, athletic, around 180 cm tall, flat chest, flat ass, minimal waist

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Officially, massage, unofficially... a lot more.

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : 

Decided to try this place out yesterday. I come to Campsie for my fix from the Hurstville area as i dont want nosy work friends and relatives seeing me pop in and out of massage places all week, and this place is awesome for a discreet entrance. The address is on Beamish Street, but access is from Evaline Street. The thing i loved about it was i had to walk up some stairs, which also took me to legit professional services like and accountant and some other random things. So... if any one sees me going up or coming down, i have the best cover story! 

Rang the doorbell and was greeted by the manager. She directed me to a room and closed the door. First thing i notice is how dingy it looks and the sign on the wall which reads 'No Sex'. 

The room was warm as they had the heater on and as i was standing there i felt my face heat up and thats when Lisa walked in. She seemed cold, but maybe just shy, and directs me to lay down on the massage bench. Im not having that! i said to Lisa, "No massage love, all i want is a head job". She looked at me and got angry "Only massage!". Im like oh shoot this place might be legit. Damn... i dont want a massage. So i asked again "Um.. what about a hand job?", again Lisa got pissed and left the room. Manager came in 2 seconds later and abruptly says "What you want!?" Im like, i just want a suck, no massage. She replies back as quick as a trick "$50 - 15 minutes" and im like ooohh yes! Lets do this! and hand over the cash.

Lisa came back in and found me laying on the massage table, pants off and soft. She got straight into it. No talking, and started sucking my soft cock! I dont usually do BBBJ in these dank places, but i couldnt say no. My head kept telling me to put a rubber on, but my cock won this argument and got his way. Her technique was very good and got me hard pretty quick.

Blow job was good and i enjoyed watching her. At about the 15 minute mark, i was close, but not over the line. So she stood up and starting jerking me. I reached over and started playing with her ass and she could see i liked that, so she lifted her left knee and placed it on the bench near my chest. I had the best access to her pussy, but fuck that i went for the ass! 

Fingered her asshole for a while, first over the undies, then under and she didnt mind. Now please dont judge me but every few rubs i would bring my fingers to my nose and take a whiff of that tangy ass smell. Oh man i loved it. 

Blew my load and it was great. Only criticism is that she was two strokes short of the perfect ending. You know what i mean... i was cumming and she stopped just a touch early. That put a bit of a downer on an otherwise surprisingly fun session. Other thing is the clean up was half assed and i went back to the office covered in baby oil... not good. 

The positive thing is she willingly let me finger her ass, and that is a hard thing to find. 

Overall worth a shot if your in the area.


