Floor: #1
Post Time: 7th February 2015, 08:49 PM
Poster ID: imjustlookin
Post Title: 
 Maroubra Health Centre 89 Boyce Road Maroubra
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Amy

Establishment : Maroubra Health Centre

Date of Visit : 4 February 2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 89 Boyce Rd Maroubra 0433146689

Hours of Business : Unsure 10 til 7, 7 days (I think)

Rates : 30/$35, 60/$60

Age : 30

Size/shape : Slim but curvy. Size 8-10

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : massage RnT

Value for money/recommend? : Yes, good time

My experience/comments : 

I was working in Maroubra for the day. Paid a visit to this place based on some reviews I had read. Met at the door by an attractive youngish lady. Showed me to the room. Clean enough and floor to ceiling walls. I take 30 minutes for $35. I take off clothes and lie on table. Amy starts with some strong massaging of my back with the occasional light and feathery stroke as well. I have had many massages, but never one like this. I enjoyed the massage. More therapeutic than relaxing, but I prefer that. Anyway, while massaging my back she managed to make sure her legs gripped my arms which were hanging down the sides of the table...and I managed to push my arms up gently and tightly against her pussy.

After the flip she asks if I want HJ. I say yes and she asks for $20. Very reasonable. I ask for touching boobs and she takes her top off for another $15 ( so $70 total for massage and extras). I ask about BJ bit she says no. She does a great HJ while I play with her fabulous boobs. Very enjoyable. After she washes me with warm water and a cloth, I get dressed and go.[/FONT]

I suspect that if I were to go back she may give more....but nonetheless a very enjoyable "lunch break". Sadly, not sure if I will get back there...but if I am in Maroubra I definitely will go back


Floor: #2
Post Time: 1st March 2015, 12:27 PM
Poster ID: happyroger
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Is this the one Council tried to close?


Floor: #3
Post Time: 3rd March 2015, 09:04 AM
Poster ID: surfnturf200
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
No...that was 775a anzac pde


Floor: #4
Post Time: 4th March 2015, 04:01 PM
Poster ID: fjfan
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I might pay this place a visit with it being so close. Any chance you get a choice in who you want?


Floor: #5
Post Time: 23rd January 2016, 04:46 PM
Poster ID: duracell2
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Unsure - Nancy I think.

Establishment : Maroubra Health Centre

Date of Visit : 19 January 2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 89 Boyce Rd Maroubra 8347 2288

Hours of Business : 10-7

Rates : 30/$35, 60/$60

Age : Mid - late 30's

Size/shape : Slim with nice bumps

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Massage and happy ending

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : 


Had a few hours to kill in the east the other day and decided to give this place a try Was pleasantly surprised.
As previously mentioned it's a nice clean place has a bunch of massage chairs and nail painting booths in the foyer part you walk through on the way to the private rooms.
Almost like it was once a above board beauty parlour type place.

I was greeted by a nice lady at he front door and ushered into a room out the back.
Clean, proper massage table and all in all very nice compared to half the shitholes I've been to over the last little while.

I opted for the 1 hour massage for $60
I was told to get undressed while the girl left the room for a few minutes to do whatever they do.

She came back into to find me in my undies doing a few stretches she asked me if I had areas that were sore and I told her my neck and shoulders and lower back.
She was very friendly and asked me to lie down on my stomach I took off my undies and got on the table.

Very good massage very attentive to my problem areas and she maintained a little chit chat throughout the first 3/4 of the time give or take while I was on my stomach.

About half way through her hands started to gently wander the teasing was fantastic This lady is a professional.

She then asked me to turn over and rubbed my thighs a little then up to my neck and face and then she asked if I wanted a happy ending to which I replied of course.
She asked what I would like to pay and I asked what was on offer.
$20 for the HE, $40 nude.
I took the nude option and she got here gear off Attractive enough with a decent body. Nice bum and decent boobs I got hard pretty quick and she was into it.

Great HJ technique really nice use of oil and good pressure.

My hands wandered and she seemed to like it I refrained from venturing too far with my digits and about 10 minutes later I sprayed a decent load and felt a million bucks.

Good eye contact, some deep breathing and generally seemed into it. I struggle to come if girls are running through the motions and I came in good time.

She left the room and came back with a warm wet towel and cleaned me down and then gave me a gentle head massage while still on my back.

I got up and got dressed and about 70 minutes had passed so it was a nice unrushed experience.
that said she mentioned that it was a slow day and I was her first cusotmer at 2pm.

Highly recommended if you are in the area.
Not sure if other services are on offer I kind of got the impression they might be if you asked, but that wasn't my goal for this punt.


Cheers


