Thread Title: Mascot Japanese Massage - Mascot NSW - 0416 863 721
Floor: #1
Post Time: 28th June 2015, 03:35 PM
Poster ID: Ozcock
Post Title: 
 Mascot Japanese Massage - Mascot NSW - 0416 863 721
				
Post Content: 
Persons name : Rikkiki or similar

Establishment : Japanese Massage 0416 863 721

Date of visit : 28th June 2015

Contact Details : ????????? ???????? ! VIP Japanese Sensual Massage! 100% Real Japanese Cuties! ????????? - Sydney body rubs - backpage.com

Hours of Business; Not sure closing but 7 days from 10am

Rates : I took 30min and paid extra $50 for HJ and fully nude.
$40/30min
$55/45min
$65/60min

Age : 27 looks 20

Size : Tiny Size 6, A size tits

Nationality: Japanese

Services Provided: massage with extras

Value For Money : Yes. Hot little piece and will go back to try get more.

My experience: Have seen this place on backpage for a while and have always been sceptical that probably Chinese. Love Japanese chicks and after watching Japan beat Matildas this morning i figured it was time to get one back on the Japs.

I just rocked up without an appointment. It is on Botany Rd near the Newmarket Hotel and quite a quiet area with a single staircase in strip of businesses. Not the most hidden entrance but not really in your face either so shouldnt be a problem for privacy. Buzzed and bloke came down stairs,unlocked door and showed me in with a hot little Jap girl waiting dressed in a silk japanese robe.

By the looks of it you get next girl in line and as Rikkiki was hot i didnt even bother asking for others.

Straight into room which was quite spacious, clean with a massage table and a lounge against one wall.

Paid the $40 for 30min massage and undressed as she left the room with money. I purposefully take my time undressing and wait for girls to come back to seem my cock before we actually begin. This lets me gauge reaction. She seemed to like what she saw, I lay down on stomach and she started with towel covering my arse and legs whilst a nice firm massage of my upper back. As she progressed to my arse and legs she placed towel on my back. This is when things got interesting as she gently brushed my balls when doing my legs.

I has stated i had never been before but a friend had recommended the place. She asked if my friend told me about extras. I played stupid and said no,"What extras"? $20 for HJ or $50 for nude handjob. Took the $50 option immediately and she got undressed. As she was doing this i jumped up and gave her $50. This left me sitting up on table and able to drag her naked body into my arms.

She loved the closeness. I gently started caressing her hot little arse as i started to lick and suck her nipples. I could see see loved it. I tried to get to her cunt(which was quite hairy) but she said ,"no,please lie down". She then proceeded to stroke my cock and balls whilst i asked her what she likes. She liked her nipples played with and when i asked how hard and she replied"hard" i knew i had something to mould here for the future.

I started to bite and pull on her nipples quite hard and she loved it. Problem was she was turning me on so fucken much and my cock was so fucken hard i knew i would blow quick. She then started playing with my nipples with one hand whilst continuing to stroke my cock and balls. I kept telling her harder on my nipples and she just couldnt so she leant down and started biting them. Well that was it and i fucken blew.

She proceeded to wipe up the cum quite expertly and then lay on my chest looking into my eyes begging me to see her again. Probably does this with every cunt but was still good for the ego to have this hot little number apparently happy to see you again.

Didnt see a shower in there so dont know if those facilities available.

If you like Japanese girls and sick of the Chinese run rub n tugs operating in city with Chinese girls this place is for you. They do have another branch somewhere but i couldnt for the life of me understand where. Easy to call mobile listed and ask if you're interested.

Reckon more could be avilable but it will obviously cost and depend on how well you hit off with the girl.

Konnichiwa


Floor: #2
Post Time: 30th June 2015, 02:30 PM
Poster ID: Ozcock
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
LOL. This thread disappeared now magically returned.

Cheers fartichoke. Sorry for busting balls.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 30th June 2015, 02:34 PM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by Ozcock


LOL. This thread disappeared now magically returned ..
"""



It ended up in the Therapeutic Massage Parlour section where Bronze members have no access.

(Post more reviews to become Silver and problem vanishes).


Floor: #4
Post Time: 31st May 2019, 03:19 PM
Poster ID: caseyjo
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Saya

Establishment : Mascot Japanese Massage 

Date of Visit : 30 / 5 / 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 1119 Botany Road, Mascot (moved from 702 Botany Road) https://mascot-relaxation-massage.business.site/

[MODS: this shop has moved - do you think this should be a new thread ???]

Phone :  0416 863 721

Hours of Business : 10am - 9pm

Rates : $40/$55/$65  for 30/45/60 mins

Age : 20's

Size/shape : busty, broad hips

Nationality or Ethnicity : Japanese

Services Provided : RNT - $50 extra for nude and BBBJ - don't know if BBBJ is standard for this shop

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

First time in this shop since it moved.  The shopfront is now high-profile in a very busy part of Mascot shops.  (I went after sunset)
Paid for 30 mins and was shown to the room and then joined by Saya.  She didn't seem especially attractive so I instantly decided not to go for the nude option.
However, she was pleasant and spoke good English. The room was warm and the massage table was wide and comfortable. I don't remember if the door was solid, but the petition is not full length and I could vaguely hear the person next door.

I asked for hard massage and she began. It was a decent massage without being outstanding, but her hands had a gentle/sensual touch.
Before the flip she offered extras for $50. I asked what that included and she said "bodyslide and suck". Despite my earlier decision, I agreed - and was glad I did.
She looked better nude than dressed - a bit podgy but not too bad. She used her tits to good advantage over back and butt - not quite bodyslide but enjoyable.  Then flipped over for some gentle caressing followed by BBBJ.  She was slow and sensual, which got me very horny and I finally blew when she switched to handjob while sucking my balls.  She allowed sucking on her breasts and gentle touching of her pussy. I didn't venture too far but could tell her pussy was rather wet, which added to the pleasure.

Overall a very enjoyable session, and would be happy to return.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 11th September 2019, 09:51 AM
Poster ID: yumyum
Post Title: 
 Every piece has its price!
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Maya (sounds like)

Establishment : Crows Nest Japanese Relaxation Massage

Date of Visit : September

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 47 Alexander Street, Crows Nest
https://crows-nest-relaxation-massage.business.site/
https://sydney.locanto.com.au/ID_267...n-Massage.html

Phone : 0410 699 096

Hours of Business : 10am - 9pm

Rates : $40/$55/$65 for 30/45/60 mins

Age : 20's

Size/shape : slim 

Nationality or Ethnicity : ???

Services Provided : Every piece has its price!

Value for money/recommend? : Hell no.

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

Thought I should give this shop a try having read of its sister shop in Mascot. Rang and said Saya available, when I turned up, no it was Saya but Maya. Slim, not unattractive but………Anyone else, no all busy. Paid for 30 mins and was shown to the room. Sparse, very uninviting, small table which proved to be hard and uncomfortable.  Joined by Maya whose English was ok. 

Then began negotiations….. extra $50 HJ + take off, underwear on, extra  $10 underwear off ($60), extra $10 allow touching ($70), extra $10 B2B ($80), extra $20 CBJ/FS ($100). This is where I should have walked! But agreed $50.

Asked for soft, legs only slow massage and she began. Up/ down pretty much on the one spot, noting sensual, not even a hint of TT. After 10 minutes, turnover time and same routine continued, after 10 minutes of this I sat up and asked how much for 20 minute massage – 30 minute minimum. Agreed neck/shoulder massage to finish, dressed and left.

Environment/ ambiance - 3
Comfort level - 2
Friendliness/intuitive - 1
Sensual/erotic – 0
GFE – 0

So, rating out of 50 - 6

Punters Tip – always have a plan B.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 11th September 2019, 08:02 PM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
This above review is extreme even by Melbourne price increment standards.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 12th September 2019, 07:56 AM
Poster ID: yumyum
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Mods.....Should Crows Nest be a new thread?


Floor: #8
Post Time: 26th September 2019, 09:29 PM
Poster ID: TwoGunz
Post Title: 
 Japanese massage mascot
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Risa

Establishment : japanese massage mascot

Date of Visit : 26 september 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://mascot-relaxation-massage.business.site

Phone :0416 863 721

Hours of Business : 10am-9pm 7 days

Rates : 1hour-$65 but make a booking and 1hour is $60

Age : 25

Size/shape : amazing body cant describe, must see

Nationality or Ethnicity : japanese

Services Provided : massage and full nude HJ

Value for money/recommend? : she touches really softly, but great to finish

My experience/comments : was asked to go upstairs and wait in room 3, after a few minutes a very beautiful woman walked in. Really nice and friendly. Asked me to remove clothes and lay down. She placed a towel over me and got on top. About a half hour into the massage she got the usual hot towel to wipe down and asked me to turn over. Massaging the front of my legs from groin to feet i knew i had to ask. $50 for full nude and her finish was great. She touches so softly took a while to get going and her slow pace leads to a massive end.


Floor: #9
Post Time: 8th October 2019, 09:41 PM
Poster ID: TwoGunz
Post Title: 
 Japanese massage mascot
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Eva

Establishment : Japanese massage mascot 

Date of Visit : 8 october 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://mascot-relaxation-massage.business.site

Phone :0416863721

Hours of Business : 10am - 9pm

Rates : 30 - $40, 45-$55, 60-$65

Age : 27

Size/shape : 170 small gut but great arse

Nationality or Ethnicity : Japanese 

Services Provided : massage and nude HJ

Value for money/recommend? : its worth a try. Their were 5 girls on so their is a chance will find one

My experience/comments : Eva was really polite from the get go. She helped me get comfortable. Straight away i asked what extra she does and she said nude HJ. Fro. There i gave her the $50 up front and told her to control the pace. She got my super relaxed with a massage, she  limbed all over me. Then she stripped of early and continued to massage for another 10 minutes. She then asked me to roll over. She had started to kiss me all over lightly. Then started to tease a little. She grinded her wet pussy on my knee then let me finger her while she worked on me. But she couldnt finish me ( not her fault) she said she will put more effort in next time and try to make it up to me  god knows what that means.


