Thread Title: Massage Oasis  - 208 parramatta rd stanmore - 02 9569 4407
Floor: #1
Post Time: 25th July 2015, 06:25 PM
Poster ID: ggg4me123
Post Title: 
 Massage Oasis  - 208 parramatta rd stanmore - 02 9569 4407
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Chrintine or Christina

Establishment : Massage Oasis

Date of Visit : 16/7/15

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :  208 parramatta rd stanmore - 02 9569 4407

Hours of Business : not sure

Rates : $120 per hour

Age : mid 20s

Size/shape : Petite

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : massage, body slide, Spanish, hj

Value for money/recommend? : definitely one of the better massages that I have had, and will go back.

My experience/comments : i visited this shop late afternoon last week. No appointments was needed. Was greeted by a Caucasian girl, who I must say was quite pretty. She led me to the room and offered me a shower, I kindly accepted the shower and was told that Christine would be with me soon.

i think that they may only have 1 shower in the place and 3 or 4 rooms. The shower was quite clean. When I return Christine was waiting in the corridor dressed in a nice robe.

Into the room, off comes the robe to show off her b cups and petite frame. she asked whether I want a hard, med or soft massage. I opted for the medium variety. Christine then proceeded to give me quite a good massage, then a very nice bossy slide. She then made her way down to the jewels where she slid her  stomach and the some nice Spanish. I must admit she definitely knew what she was doing. She didn't mind where my hands wondered. She eventually ended up lying on the table while I massaged her and got a nice hj at the same time. I eventually explanation dead on her stomach.

She was a lovely girl with a great personality and provided a great service, told me that she only works Thursday. Full service was also available, however, I just stuck with the massage.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 18th April 2016, 05:39 PM
Poster ID: mastervt25
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Coco

Establishment : Massage Oasis Stanmore

Date of Visit : 28/03/2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Massage Oasis - Stanmore - Contact Us

Hours of Business : 10am - 9pm

Rates : $60 for 30 mins

Age : 26

Size/shape : Slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Korean

Services Provided : Massage, HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes 

My experience/comments : I drive past this place often so I thought I'll stop by someday. I went in on a Monday afternoon and was greeted by a gorgeous lady who was not Asian. I got my hopes high, we chatted a bit and she led me into a room. However, another girl turned up for the massage. I checked to see if the lady at the door could do my massage, but was told she would not as she only works reception. Oh well! The girl who was there was massage was a 7/10, so decided to proceed. She was nice and talkative. Massage was fairly effective, much better than expected especially once she got naked. She did a nude body slide which was pretty good! Her breasts were small, but not overly small. 
Then she asked me to turn around, and it got to be more fun. She had no issue with me touching her breasts. I enjoyed her nipples cuz they were really hard and inviting! Her butt was great and I think e enjoyed my squeezing them. The nude body slide on the front was great and she began to gently stroke the penis and she could sense I was enjoying it.....she went on to finish me off fairly soon after that. 
I think the massage was well above average especially because I was not sure what to expect. The rooms are well sized, the interiors are really well done...


Floor: #3
Post Time: 22nd June 2018, 12:14 PM
Poster ID: mastervt25
Post Title: 
 Massage Oasis - 208 parramatta rd stanmore
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Selina or Salina

Establishment : Massage Oasis

Date of Visit : May 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 208 parramatta rd stanmore - 02 9569 4407

Hours of Business : 10am - 9pm

Rates : $60 for 30 mins

Age : 20s

Size/shape : Slim, decently toned

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Massage + HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes!

My experience/comments : I like to go back to this shop because it's not too far from the city and premises are well kept. The entrance is on Parramatta road only, which I am not the biggest fan of - no privacy. 
I went in around late evening and the door was opened by this Selina. She was easy on the eye, wearing a robe and certainly peeked my interest. Took me to the room and I decided to stay for 30 mins. 
After a shower (alone - common bathroom) I went back to the room. She walked in soon after and stripped down pretty quick! She has gorgeous set of fake boobs - a treat to see. The massage was average..maybe above average. Soon after the basic massage, the body slides start and they're pretty sexy! I enjoy feeling her body and her butt is pretty hot too. She lets  me play with her boobs aplenty and is very enthusiastic generally. Once I turn around she quickly gets into stroking my shaft. I ask her to slow down and she obliges. I continue to have fun with her boobs but was asked not to touch her pussy as she just finished her period. Fair enough....maybe next time I thought. Soon I was close to blowing my load...so I told her to slow down again. She obliged and let me enjoy her boobs some more before which I blew a massive load. Good fun and would see her again for sure!


