Thread Title: May Massage - Willoughby - 02 8387 9207
Floor: #1
Post Time: 20th June 2019, 03:54 PM
Poster ID: Roj
Post Title: 
 May Massage - Willoughby - 02 8387 9207
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Ella and May

Establishment : May Massage, Willoughby 

Date of Visit : June 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 1/608 Willoughby Road willoughby https://www.truelocal.com.au/busines...age/willoughby

Phone : 02 8387 9207

Hours of Business : 

Rates : $200/hr for 2 (both) girls, including tip

Age : Early 20s (?)

Size/shape : Slim, both under 5ft

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian 

Services Provided : Heavenly massage & BHE (Beyond Happy Ending!)

Value for money/recommend? : 

My experience/comments : I've come across Ella before (you can take that statement any way you like!) and know just how sensual a session with her will be. Today, I asked her to choose a ML to join us for the hour. Why? Is experiencing bliss with 1 woman not enough? Am I greedy? I dunno!
Ella introduced me to Mandy, a beautiful Chinese lady (early 20s, if I had to guess) and so it began: me on the table, face down, relaxing, while Ella started at my feet and Mandy at my head. Over the next half hour, they switched positions many times, and together, made just about every part of my body tingle (neither lady went for the navel. Good move. They may get lost and eventually return with who knows what coloured lint ...), relax and anticipate, with their fingertips, hands, fingernails, hair, feet, lips. I'm not sure what part of the stratosphere I was in when I was asked to turn over. Mandy unzipped Ella's dress, and I saw that stunning body again before it climbed up on the table to start some sensual foot work on my cock Oh my! And then Mandy slid out of her dress and looked into my eyes while she rubbed her nipples across mine. I think at this stage, NASA would've had trouble locating me ... At some point, I asked Ella to switch from her feet to her hands, and she & Mandy edged me close a couple of times - each time backing off a little and letting the heavenly sensations build again & again. And then my whole body was ready to let go. A gentle and unhurried clean up followed, and then some light massage all over from both ladies that slowly brought me back down to earth (including some nipple & cock teasing from Mandy. I love this stuff!). Oh ladies! I drove home through afternoon city traffic, and as I reflect on this nearly 4 hours after the session finished, I think I'm still on cloud 9!


Floor: #2
Post Time: 3rd October 2019, 11:04 AM
Poster ID: fever
Post Title: 
 Amaya (?) - Mays Massage - 83879207
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name :Amaya (I think, hard to hear with accent)

Establishment : May Massage Willoughby

Date of Visit : 24/9/2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 608 Willoughby Rd, Willoughby

Phone : 83879207

Hours of Business : 10am-8pm

Rates : 30min $40, 45ming - $50, 60min - $60. 

Age : Late 20's at a guess

Size/shape : Approx 160cm, Dress size 8-10 I guess

Nationality or Ethnicity : South Asian, Vietnamese I guess from accent. 

Services Provided : Massage, NHJ

Value for money/recommend? : Standard service, 

My experience/comments : Stopped in here on a whim and was whisked in to the front room. The shop has a good feel about it, decor is nice, pebbles on the floor is a nice touch. Massage room is huge and the massage bed a really good size and sturdy. Paid the money and asked to undress.
To describe the girl (I am really not sure of her name, I asked her twice but couldn't really get a hold of it, my apologies, I think she said Amaya, but years of listening to ridiculously loud music has adversely effected my hearing.) she looks like an average girl you might see walking around Cabramatta etc. She's no glamour, but not unattractive. I guess around 160cm tall, dress size 10 maybe. 
Anyway, her massage was reasonably strong, I didn't realise how tight my calves were and she really got to work on them. She is not a petite, dainty little flower, and by no means is she hefty. Just an average build I guess. After about 15mins she went to get the towels for a wipe down. This part reminded me of travels through Asia, as she did a really thorough wipe down with warm towels, wringing them in a bowl. There was very little in the way of conversation throughout, I didn't get the feeling this was a GFE type.

"Would you like happy ending?"
"Umm, yes please."
"Take off clothes too?"
"Sure"

She undressed to reveal an average body, I guess b-cup breasts, a slight tummy, a tattoo on her rib cage and another on her shoulder.

Her technique was very good, but lacking in any real flair. In short, it was average, not bad but not great.

When all was said and done, she cleaned me up and sent me on my way. I paid $50 for extras though prices were never discussed.

Would I return? Yeah, but to see others. As always I guess it pays to book ahead and check rosters on wechat etc.


