Thread Title: Meadowbank Massage Shop - Unit 1 66 Constitution Road Meadowbank - 0469 421 219
Floor: #1
Post Time: 10th January 2018, 03:39 PM
Poster ID: maty
Post Title: 
 Meadowbank Massage Shop - Unit 1 66 Constitution Road Meadowbank - 0469 421 219
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Amy 

Establishment : Massage Shop: 1/66 Constitution Road, Meadowbank

Date of Visit : 10 Jan 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0469-421-219, 1/66 constitution rd west, Meadowbank
best relaxation paradise at meadowbank - Sydney body rubs - cracker.com.au

Hours of Business : 10am - 7.00pm 

Rates : Went for the 60min Massage @$60 + $50 full strip and HJ 

Age : 30's

Size/shape : 10

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Massage with naked HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments :

An unplanned  visit to the massage shop at Meadowbank today as was passing through and the body was feeling kind of tight and less mobile and saw two massage shops on Constitution road.  Decided to try my luck and if  it was meant to be, it will be and see where this thing goes.

Decided to try the first shop that seems to be under an apartment block. Walked in and enquired if there was availability for an hour massage and sure enough there was so went into the empty massage room. Within 15 seconds  a young Chinese lady I would say in her 30's walked in with a pretty good figure and nice face. I was really just after a straight massage to be honest and was not really fussed about any extras on offer. I did noticed a sign that said "there are no sexual favours offered in this parlour". The rooms are not that private and walls are thin.

She asked me to stripped and I left my undies on and she signaled to take them off. Her English was not great but I understood what she meant. By then I knew extras were on offer but really wasn't interested still.
Massage was good, mix of remedial and Swedish with good pressure which was what I really needed. The back massage was great but  on the legs not so. More of a push and prod as compared to the back with complete slides. Could feel her hands slide through my ass crack going towards my legs and yep sure enough by the 50 min mark she asked me to turn over and did the universal hand gesture. At first I declined and she couldn't understand but then she said no tip? I felt sorry for her so said ok and gave her a $50 tip and was about to put on my clothes when she said here let me help you and she pushed me back on the table and just grabbed my dick and starts to motion. She strips and starts kissing the body. I suck a boob here and there. I am struggling to get over the line due to medication and visualise Bebe Rexha and finally get over the line. She mentions her name is Amy in broken English and works Wednesday. Overall a good massage and would return for the massage itself. I think there are about 3 rooms and 3 women on any given day.


