Thread Title: Mina - Kings Touch Massage, Hornsby - 9476 1468
Floor: #1
Post Time: 12th October 2017, 12:29 PM
Poster ID: yumyum
Post Title: 
 Mina - Kings Touch Massage, Hornsby - 9476 1468
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Mina

Establishment : Kings Touch Hornsby 

Date of Visit : 10/10/17

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Suite5 165 Pacific Hwy Hornsby
02 94761468

Hours of Business : 10am-7.30pm

Rates : $40 half, $65hr + tip

Age : 35ish

Size/shape : 8/Slimish

Nationality or Ethnicity : Korean

Services Provided : Massage/R&T

Value for money/recommend?  Not really

My experience/comments : 
Nice layout, pleasant greeting. Found the very small table firm, uncomfortable. Mediocre massage, followed by uninspiring TT lacking any sensuality whatsoever. Should have walked then! Usual HJ hand signal followed by 2 fingers, nodded in agreement. With the lack of anything sensual, erotic, this was going to take a while, but to her credit she persisted and finally got me over the line.
So……….
Environment/ ambiance - 6
Comfort level		4
Friendliness/intuitive	4
Sensual/erotic 		2

This was a vanilla experience – with an average result of 4/10
Not returning.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 26th November 2018, 01:18 PM
Poster ID: SydneyEmperor
Post Title: 
 Kings Touch Massage, Hornsby
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Mina

Establishment : Kings Touch, Hornsby

Date of Visit : 5 October 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Shop 5, 165 Pacific Highway, Hornsby

Phone : (02) 9476-1468

Hours of Business : 10am - 7:30pm

Rates : $65 - 60 mins

Age : approx. 40's

Size/shape : Slim, A/B cup breasts

Nationality or Ethnicity : Korean

Services Provided : Full body massage

Value for money/recommend? : Yes!

My experience/comments : 

I have been a client of Mina's and Kings Touch Massage for some time now and this has to be one of the message massages I get on the North Shore. In terms of what I get, I always have a 1 hour massage with R&T to finish off. Given I have been going for some time now, Mina knows me and looks after me. The service is never rushed and she always goes over time with me (if she can). I don't even need to ask for a HJ now, I just pay the money up front ($20 for a very good HJ) and the rest takes care of itself.

As for the massage, Mina has had training in how to massage properly. Im not sure what the style is but if you like a hard, firm massage that hits all the spots, Mina is your lady. I play sport at a high level and she works my legs and finds all the saw spots (not relaxing but what you want after competing). 

And other extras - I have never actually asked Mina for anything else. I suspect that there is more on offer but she stays clothed when massaging me but allows me to fondle her arse and boobs through her clothes when she's jacking me off. Mina use to have other ladies working with her (I can't remember one of the ladies names... but she gave an even BETTER massage than Mina...) but this has scaled back. I think the cops or pimps of other establishments have cracked down on massage parlours in the area so Mina has to be careful of what she offers. So Im not sure how new clients will go...

But for this massage on the 5th, it was as good as all the others I get. It started off with Mina ripping into my upper back and shoulders. She finds all the knots and works on them. This is probably the most unpleasant part of the massage as it hurts, but the good hurt. As I said, if you want to had a decent massage where you feel like something has actually been done, then this is the place for you.

Following this, Mina continues to work down my body. Once she has finished with my legs, she gets the hot towel and washes off the massage oil. She also used this opportunity to clean my crack for what's about to come. Once dried, the tackle tickle begins and it's amazing!! She knows how to drive a man wild!! She plays with the inside of your legs, up your but cheeks and lightly inside your crack. She then gets to your nuts and plays with them, rubbing up and down... moving up the side of your sack to your shaft. This is when I start to lift my hips so that she has better access to my cock. She obliges and continues to work up... jacking my cock as my arse is in the air. I always pray that she starts playing with my arse and she's jacking me off... but that never happens. Maybe one day 

Then it comes time for the turn over.... But now Im super aroused and she just does her things. Oils up her hands and then starts working on my cock. She starts slowly to build you up and not rush you... I find that this is awesome because plenty of places Ive been to just start going crazy right from the get-go and you're all done in a minute or two. But not with Mina... She draws it out and allows you to enjoy the time. Anyway, the time comes for me to jizz and she finished me off thoroughly. Always a great HJ from Mina. After this, it's the clean up and she continues with massage. She finishes by massage my scalp and face and it is such a relaxing way to finish the time.

Anyway, I would highly recommend Mina for anyone around the Hornsby area. She is amazing and has never disappointed me. I would be interested to know others punts with her. Has she offered more to you than just a R&T? Perhaps it's time for me to ask her for more... but we'll see...


