Thread Title: Mistys Massage - Netown - 02 9387 6004
Floor: #1
Post Time: 31st July 2017, 10:30 AM
Poster ID: souljah
Post Title: 
 Mistys Massage - Netown - 02 9387 6004
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jasmine

Establishment : Mistys Massage

Date of Visit : 17th July 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Mistys Massage Sydney, 70 Enmore Rd, Newtown Sydney  http://www.mistys.com.au

Hours of Business : 6am till late

Rates : $200 45 mins

Age : 21-25

Size/shape : curvy size 6 -8

Nationality or Ethnicity : American

Services Provided : Massage and handjob

Value for money/recommend? : yes

My experience/comments : I finally decided to try something different than my regular joint at bodyrotic. Mistys caught my eye after a mate recommended. 

So a short drive to Newtown saw me waiting in the lounge and soon deciding from a handful of girls that were working that time. Jasmine caught my attention. She is a little curvy but in the right places and has a nice figure overall.

She is friendly and we hit it off straight away chatting. Kinda felt like she was into me genuinely...or maybe she was too friendly/flirty.

I asked her for a semi remedial massage to start off with to relieve knots in my back to which she obliged.  Her technique was ok and her occasional cheeky hand would go down and reach for the balls which was great. 

The bodyslides were good and it was quite erotic with ear biting and kissing around the neck. I then flipped over as she demanded and she started stradling and riding my chest with a very clear view of her pussy. It was almost as if she was teasing me to eat it. I was only there for a good old massage and relief this time though.

She flipped around and started to tug away with a clear view of her ass and pussy near my face. She didnt mind the occasional touch as well.

After a short while I could not hold any longer and let it all out. Cleaned up and a cheeky shower followed and time was up.

Definetely recommend Jasmine for a good time and perhaps may go back for something more after the tease she put on at the start of the massage.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 19th November 2019, 04:21 PM
Poster ID: gurupub
Post Title: 
 Mistys Catalina
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Catalina

Establishment : Mistys 

Date of Visit : Nov 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : http://www.mistys.com.au/enter/

Phone : 0410119999

Hours of Business : 24/7

Rates : Special day rate $100 for 30

Age : 20s

Size/shape : Curvy 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Latina

Services Provided : massage happy ending

Value for money/recommend? : yes

My experience/comments : took advantage of a special day rate $100 for 30 mins. excellent body slide and tease... great curvy latina body with big bolt ons. English isnt great, but who is there to talk. 
She was excellent at teasing, until I saw the tampon cord hanging out of her pussy...big turn off for me, but still got there in the end. Not sure what extras are on offer, but think there are fs options on the table. Usual rate is $150 so was happy with the special price. My only concern with this place is the oil..its so hard to get off, I can smell it on anything I was wearing for days after, so keep that in mind.


