Thread Title: Momo - Sakura Asian Massage,Bondi Junction -  0416 985 694
Floor: #1
Post Time: 13th September 2017, 06:37 PM
Poster ID: AussieGuy1968
Post Title: 
 Momo - Sakura Asian Massage,Bondi Junction -  0416 985 694
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Momo

Establishment : Sakura Asian Massage

Date of Visit : 13/09/2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0416985694 

Hours of Business : 10am till 8pm

Rates : $70/60min (+ $20.HJ, $50 nude.HJ, $70 Body Slide)

Age : Early 20's

Size/shape : Size 4, perky A cups, waxed/lasered

Nationality or Ethnicity : Japanese

Services Provided : Massage,.HJ, Body Slide

Value for money/recommend? : Very much so

I stumbled across this place via a groupon deal a few weeks ago when my Singaporean FWB was in town

On first impressions it was very legit with undies on and no hint of any extras on offer.

Being a fan of Japanese massage I returned solo to see if this place was truly legit but again nothing was hinted or offered.

As I was enjoying the massage I was content to leave it at that but the little head decided to do some research and a quick google search found a cracker ad that suggested more.

A quick text, a "lets chat when you come in" and suspicions confirmed.

So today I met the sexy Momo who is also the sexy receptionist and it was an easy decision to part with the extra $70.

Momo's massage is perfect and prior to flip, changed to the lovely tickle we all love.

On the flip Momo strips to reveal a perfectly toned body and proceeds to reverse straddle for me a serious tit rub.. all i can say is what a view.. that perfect lasered pussy and puckered asshole so close yet so far.

Well not for long.. this girl is open to be touched and she soon backed herself up so I could dine away.. Great HE technique

I'll be definately be back.

Be discreet as a lot of Bondi locals go here for a proper massage but most importantly be a gentleman.

Massage : 10/10
HE : 12/10
English : 10/10
Pussy & Ass : Priceless


Floor: #2
Post Time: 5th December 2017, 11:32 PM
Poster ID: mobi
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Momo

Establishment : Sakura Asian Massage

Date of Visit : Nov 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0416985694 

Hours of Business : 10am till 8pm

Rates : $70/60min (+ $20.HJ, $50 nude.HJ, $70 Body Slide)

Age : Early 20's

Size/shape : Size 4, perky A cups, waxed/lasered

Nationality or Ethnicity : Japanese

Services Provided : Massage,.HJ, Body Slide

Value for money/recommend? : Yes would recommend

I found this place recently and have had 1 normal massage here. 
The second time I was greeted by Momo was expecting a similar remedial massage. Her tiny frame didnt look that strong so wasnt expecting a deep tissue sports massage but gave her a chance anyway. Momo is very young looking, has blonde hair and wears blue contacts which give her a very exotic look. Very modern  edgy and hip. ( I feel so old writing that ha ha)
Facedown was asked straight away if I wanted the special massage, I agreed straight away but tried to sound non chalant .
The massage was medium pressure with some good muscle work to relieve tension, after the turn around she proceed straight to the cock with some light stroking with her fingertips to get the blood flowing and hardness ensued. She commented many times how hard and strong my cock was sometimes squeezing and holding it still and staring at it. Feels quite good to have a lovely thing like Momo ogle and admire my manhood but I suspect its all part of the performance.
 She proceeded to advise the prices and I went for the nude $50 option to get me over the line. She revealed a very trim small frame without an ounce of fat. Momo stroked away with plenty of oil as I played with and sucked her long hard nipples and felt her bum. I pushed a bit further and started stroking her totally smooth hairless pussy which was becoming moist by this stage. I asked her to jump on top of the table into a 69 position so I could look at her sweet perfect pussy and ass. What a lovely sight it was, so inviting so I asked the question of DATY. Extra $20, I agreed to taste. Her pussy was clean and tasty without being overly wet. I proceeded to get to work licking her pussy lips and clit and finally had her writhing and cummng hard and loud as I sucked on her clit. She slumped on my body and rested, and then went to the side of the bed to finish the job. I played with pussy once more and finished in her hand . Quick clean up and I was away strolling through westfields still high from the experience with the taste of Momos pussy on my lips!


