Thread Title: Mon Ami Massage - Kogarah -  (02) 8541 5684
Floor: #1
Post Time: 30th April 2018, 11:33 PM
Poster ID: asprek
Post Title: 
 Mon Ami Massage - Kogarah -  (02) 8541 5684
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Ivy

Establishment : Mon Ami Massage

Date of Visit : 30/04/2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Monami Massage at Kogarah

Hours of Business : 10am-8pm

Rates : $40/30 minutes + $50 for nude HJ+ a bit of body slide

Age : 20s

Size/shape : Petite/Slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Korean

Services Provided : Good firm massage + HJ +a bit of body slide

Value for money/recommend? : Yes 

My experience/comments :

I am mulling over whether I should post this review because it could have been a once off if what she said was true. 

Today, I had a bit of Korean fever that needs to be cooled off. Doing a last minute dash just before the shop was closed, Ivy was actually just closing down the shop. Thinking that I have missed the chance, she told me that the shop is happy to take last booking at 8pm even though they are closing at 8pm. Lucky me  

Looking at the price list for the messages it is about $10 higher than the usual massage price ($50/30 minutes) but she did say that those are the prices if you want a really strong massage - normal massage is usual price of $40/30 minutes, $50/45 minutes, $60/60 minutes. Pricing on the website is not reflective of actual pricing.  Seeing that it is pretty late and it was my first time in the shop, I opted for $40/30 minutes. 

The shop itself was clean and pretty chic.  The massage room that I had was spacious with a hook type lock for privacy. Music is a bit unusual as rather than the usual ambiance type music, you get lounge type music which I don't mind at all.  

At the reception, Ivy mentioned that they have Korean and Thai girls .... well suffice to say this is 100% RnT place so following up the advice of the elders in the forum, I took off my underwear immediately .  When the massage started, I was again expecting for gentle rubs yet what I got was a firm massage right on the knots - jackpot  And she didn't splatter me with a gallon of oil as well - she complied when I asked her to massage me without it. Them glutes were also getting a good work on without the underwear so yay! 

Backside done, she then popped the question - "Do you want extras?" well yeah ... you know I don't have my underwear on me for a reason :P . Flipping over she proceed to caress my little brother with oil (yeah I would want it for this one),  she then told me that she doesn't actually do extras normally and it will be $20 just for HJ without taking off clothes. She did say that it would be $50 for HJ + take off clothing for other girls but she no longer does it because she is stepping back as a masseuse and mainly a receptionist now!   She is also the one training new girls in massage ... and more  No wonder her massage was good - in fact she also told me that some customers were requesting for the rub to be done by her and the tug can be done by someone else. They also offer 4 hands massage - but she will step away when it is the tug time.  She was getting way too many bookings that it was not fair for the other girls  

Pushing my luck for one last time, I folded my hands behind head and asked her if she could strip and I wouldn't touch. Ivy then said "This is special - one time only." and she went out the room  After a while she came back with towel which she put on my pillow , started stripping, asked me to lay back again and just relax. Ivy has a slim and petite body with a small but perky bosom that match her pretty cute face. She then proceeded to slowly kiss/blow and rub her body against mine from bottom to top .... oh la la la  She has a nice sweet cinnamon smell on her that lingers on me even after leaving the place. Once that is done, she flipped me over and then continued to work on my lil bro.  At this stage, she then told me "Uh, you can touch you know"  - Without further ado, I began to caress her body and did ask her whether I could touch down her and she shook her head gesturing no. Never mind, fondling those beautiful bosoms was enough to get me over the line. She then cleaned me up with a hot towel and baby wipes as usual. 

WIR? my goodness - for her 100% yes, sadly it was a once off . She did say that more Korean girls are coming and they are 100% newbie. So .... hmmm


Floor: #2
Post Time: 26th June 2018, 12:01 AM
Poster ID: xxx888
Post Title: 
 Tina  - Kogarah Massage - 8541 5684
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Tina

Establishment : Mon Ami Massage

Date of Visit : 17/06/2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Monami Massage at Kogarah Shop 6
23 - 26 Station Street
KOGARAH, NSW, 2217
 (02) 8541 5684

Hours of Business : 10am - 8pm

Rates :  $40 for 30 mins + $50 extra

Age : 23+

Size/shape : Small

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Massage + Happy Ending

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

Okay, after a while, I finally have sometime to put this here. Was feeling tooey, so decided to go to my favourite massage place - Mon ami, greeted by Tina, very cute, next girl door kind of type.
Do the usual, pay for massage, strip off, have a massage, told to turn over. and ask if I want HJ in nude, say yes without any hesitation... nice and sensual HJ. will come back again !!!


Floor: #3
Post Time: 12th October 2019, 04:07 PM
Poster ID: Apha1401
Post Title: 
 Ivy - Monami
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Ivy

Establishment : Monami / Healdy (Kogarah)

Date of Visit : September 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Kogarah Massage - Enjoy Asian Massage By Korean Masseuses Today.

Phone :  02 8541 5684 / 0452 515 684

Hours of Business : 10:00 - 20:00

Rates : 40/30  60/60 + Tips

Age : 25

Size/shape : toned, bubble butt

Nationality or Ethnicity : korean

Services Provided : Massage + NHJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes++

My experience/comments : Decided to pop into Monami for a quick R&T. I've had Ivy before but only recently she started opening up and decided to present me the thickest backside I've seen on an asian girl - previously it was only HJ with clothes on. Part 1 is competent with good control of pressure as requested; good understanding of trigger points. Part 2 (ymmv) started with a B2B slide from behind with light fondling. Onto the flip, she presents with firm B to Cs nil sag and a booty to die for. Preferenced her in reverse cowgirl to finish off. Return factor 9/10 - she did mention she only occasionally performs b2b, however a pineapple will net you a NHJ as standard.


