Thread Title: Nana, Cherrys Massage - 32 Sping St., Bondi Junction NSW 2022  - 9388 0979
Floor: #1
Post Time: 11th December 2015, 11:36 PM
Poster ID: Acaroz
Post Title: 
 Nana, Cherrys Massage - 32 Sping St., Bondi Junction NSW 2022  - 9388 0979
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Nana

Establishment : Cherrys Massage 

Date of Visit : 4/12/15

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :  32 Spring St, Bondi Junction 02 9388 0979

Hours of Business : 10am - 8pm

Rates : $60 per hour plus extras

Age : Mid 20's

Size/shape : Busty with small body

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Massage, HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments :

Cherrys Massage has always provided Good services at a very reasonable rate. I saw Nana for the first time the other day. Friendly smile and easy to chat to. Nice big tits and a hot body. The massage was nice. Firm and felt like she knew what she was doing. After a nice relaxing massage she asked if I wanted any extras. I paid an extra $30 for a HJ. She offered nude HJ for $60. Her hands worked me well. She let my hands wander around her clothed body. Not the best HJ , and she kept stopping to chat which was kind of annoying. I felt like saying shut up and rub but she was a nice girl so it was ok. She giggled when I came and cleaned me up. Said thanks and gave me a kiss on the cheek. Not the best at Cherrys but was fun none the less.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 29th November 2016, 12:54 AM
Poster ID: Prashvj
Post Title: 
 Eva - Cherry massage, Bondi Junction - 9388 0979
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Eva

Establishment : Cherry Massage

Date of Visit : 25/11/2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 32 Spring St, Bondi Junction Ph: 9388 0979

Hours of Business : 10am - 8am

Rates : 60mins/$60

Age : 25-30

Size/shape : Chubby, Voluptuous

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : B2B/R&T

Value for money/recommend? : Absolutely

My experience/comments : 

I have seen Eva few times now. I read a review of her somewhere saying she uses her tongue well ! The first time I saw her I just bluffed that I had seen her some time long ago, so to get things moving fast. But she didn't do anything out of the ordinary. It was a very good massage with B2B and nice HJ at the end.

I had the feeling it promised more once she knew I would be a repeat customer. So I returned soon enough. And whoa what can I say!! She isn't a very pretty girl but neither ugly. She is chubby but has a great natural body with quite big boobs and booty. The massage was pretty good with her strong hands and sensual too. She sat on me and let her hands wander through my cock,balls and crack as part of the routine. Then for part 2, she took her clothes off and started with some B2B while I lay on my stomach. She then started licking my ears and gave a bit of catbath everywhere! I mean everywhere!! She then turned me over and approached for some DFK holding out her tongue! I didn't encourage her as I don't prefer it from a ML. She then licked my nipples and caved in her boobs into my mouth. I sucked them to my heart's desire. By this time I was turned on like hell and was on the verge of cumming! She then proceeded down and slowly took my cock and started licking the tip! It wasn't a blow job as such but she was licking the shaft and tip! This was just too much for me and I spurted my cum, narrowly missing her face and mouth! She laughed and cleaned me up afterwards. And the extra was the standard $50.

So overall I spent $40 for 30mins plus $50 extra. It was well worth it and gave me more value than I ever received from any other massage!


Floor: #3
Post Time: 2nd March 2017, 04:14 PM
Poster ID: Phobs99
Post Title: 
 Ivy @ Cherry Massage Bondi Junction
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Ivy

Establishment : Cherry Massage

Date of Visit : 2/03/2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :  32 Spring St, Bondi Junction cherry massage bondi, massage bondi home page   9388 0979

Hours of Business : 10am to 8pm

Rates :  From $40 1/2 hr

Age :mid to late 20s

Size/shape : C cup, slim to curvy very pretty face

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Massage HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yeah

My experience/comments :


I dropped in without a booking and got lucky, and had 4 to choose from.
The cutest was this little Thai hotty. Not a tiny waif like Thai, but a very slim yet curvy lady.

Went through the usual massage, she went for the bumcrack tickle very early and that and a few glimpses of her red panties was enough to get me rock hard.
Decent oil massage then flipitty flip. $20 for a clothed tug and $50 for a bodyslide, I just had to see her bod so went for the latter.

I'm glad I did because her tits were 9.5/10 perky ski jump C cups with puffy areolas and pointy nips.

It wasn't the best bodyslide, only what I'd call a partial but a few other things made up for it. She started by blowing softly on my cock and balls which felt amazing! I'd have paid just about anything for a BJ there and then. Then came a lovely tittyfuck with those beauties. She then started a bit of a cat bath, from my thighs and a tiny bit of tongue on balls and base of shaft then all the way up my body to my neck Lovely.

I wanted to see what luck I'd have with the touching and managed to slip a finger between her lips. At the same time I popped a puffy areolas in my mouth and managed to get a half a finger in her pussy and one in her arse, I could feel her getting soaking wet. She told me very half hardheartedly not to go too deep, but didn't move away but left it at half a finger.

Onto some serious stroking and she got some more oil, my finger got deeper inside her with no complaint and I blew a bog load on myself, and a splash on her.

Lovely time with Ivy who is a Nth Thai girl


