Thread Title: Natalie - Massage WestRyde -  02 9858 2422
Floor: #1
Post Time: 7th August 2017, 02:12 PM
Poster ID: xxxl
Post Title: 
 Natalie - Massage WestRyde -  02 9858 2422
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Natalie

Establishment : Massage West Ryde

Date of Visit : Today 7/8/2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 1043B Victoria Rd, West Ryde, NSW, Massage West Ryde - home page

Hours of Business : Open hours: 9:30am--8pm; 7 days/week (from website)

Rates : $35/half hour. HJ $20 extra.

Age :  Early 20s

Size/shape : Short (150cm), cutely attractive with some nice curves

Nationality or Ethnicity :  I assumed Chinese at first, as the MILF receptionist speaks chinese to other MLs, however later the receptionist spoke to Natalie in English, so not sure. I'm guessing she may  be Thai (but I'm no expert in this,..)

Services Provided : R&T

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : Natalie is cute and seems very naturally friendly, so off to a good start on meeting her.  Negotiated my required services - half hour massage (there are prices for longer stays on a sign on the wall, can't remember what those prices are).  But is $35 for 1/2 hour the award wage for R&T or something ? Seems to be the standard every place I've been for last several years...

Then onto Natalie's massage and have to say very good. She uses her body weight, up on top of my legs with her knees and legs to get some deep tissue massage going which felt really great and was never close to being too much. She is pretty small I guess so it suits her to do all of this technique.  Overall I would rate her massage as a 8 our of ten, only reservation was maybe she could take a little more time - I may have been short of the half hour by 5 minutes or so I think. Should go back and get a 60 minute from her!

She is also very very good at moving from the pure massage to the erotic, especially by letting her hair fall over my back and legs, and moving in close to breath in my eat and laugh. Very sexy and she seemed to be enjoying everything. Then lots of gentle touching around the legs and balls and she left no doubt what she offers next. I said yes to a $20 HJ with no hesitation.

Her tug is also very good, she takes plenty of time here and is not wanting to rush it at all. She starts to make some breathing and moaning type sounds as she senses I'm getting closer to cumming, and moves it quicker and quicker until I'm unloading over her cute hand. Very recommended. 

OVerall I would rate Natalie a 8/10 for massage and same for her tug, and would not hestitate to see her again, and if I can, go for a hour massage. That I think would be pretty damn good.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 16th August 2017, 10:33 AM
Poster ID: yehright
Post Title: 
 Indulgence West Ryde
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jenny

Establishment : Indulgence

Date of Visit : August

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 9858-2422. 1043 Victoria Rd West Ryde

Hours of Business : 10-7pm

Rates : 1hr $60 + 50 tip

Age : 23

Size/shape : Small, in proportion, lovely body

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Massage, Naked HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : Was greeted at the door and shown to the room. Jenny came in and i was very pleased with my girl. Jenny was about 5 ft. nicely tanned with a nicely shaped body. i was looking forward to part 2. The massage was  firm as requested. Not really a lot of TT. Jenny then left for the warm towel. I was waiting in anticipation. Jenny rubbed me down and then started doing the soft touch all over. She then asked me to turn over and if i wanted her to take off her clothes. As usual i can't resist. Jenny has several tattoo's not large.  She has lovely breasts, nice bum and a well manicured pussy. The ending was very enjoyable. 
I will return.


