Floor: #1
Post Time: 23rd March 2019, 04:24 PM
Poster ID: letmein123
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lisa

Establishment : Natasha Massage 5/50 Park Rd Cabramatta 

Date of Visit : late Jan 19

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://sydney.locanto.com.au/ID_326...al-Prices.html

Phone : 0411 342 294 

Hours of Business : 10am-11pm 

Rates : $45 for half hour massage plus $50 for full service 

Age : late 20s

Size/shape : medium height, slim with a bit of a belly, B cups

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : massage, cbj, FS, kissing

Value for money/recommend? : I enjoyed it. $45 for half hour massage but Lisa asked for $50 for full service. It was alright in terms of value. 

My experience/comments : I ended up venturing out to try this place.

It seems the prices keep changing and I don't believe the workers here are happy with the rates. They would always ask for more money. 

Initially paid $45 for a HJ plus massage. Lisa looks alright to the eyes and does not look as old as the other workers.

She striped down and I love her tits. Very nice. She first gave me a nice massage for 10 mins. It was an alright massage, nothing special. 

Then she played with my penis. This felt really good and I feel she is really good at HJs. Stroking the whole shaft and playing with my balls. I felt very good and tried not to cum too early and just enjoyed the moment. 

She then turned to me and asked if I wanted full service. She says don't worry about the boss prices, give me 50 (advertised price for full service was $75 for half hour). I thought about it but my penis did the real thinking as I got up and gave her 50 bucks.

We started in mish and she started kissing me. This got me very horny and I blew quickly!

I liked how Lisa is, there is something seductive about her. And I would probably return in future.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 24th March 2019, 10:48 AM
Poster ID: letmein123
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Ena

Establishment : Natasha Massage 5/50 Park Rd Cabramatta 

Date of Visit : early Feb 19

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://sydney.locanto.com.au/ID_326...al-Prices.html

Phone : 0411 342 294 

Hours of Business : 10am-11pm 

Rates : $75 for half hour full service and $20 paid to Ena as she requested

Age : 40s (?) 

Size/shape : medium height, fat with belly, D cups

Nationality or Ethnicity : darker skinned Asian, not sure

Services Provided : massage, cbj, FS, kissing

Value for money/recommend? : no

Experience:

Alright guys, I have this place another try given how much I enjoyed Lisa. Sadly, not a good result. There was a discount on the full service as an opening special so I thought, why not. 

I msged the shop after I finished work and they sent me a photo of Ena. In the photo, there were some lighting tricks and covering of her arms and belly. The filters made her look better than she actually did.

As I approached the door, I was shocked and I honestly wanted to back out and go home. But I had already agreed so I might as well. 

Into the room, I wasn't asked to take a shower. Gents, take note, some ladies may not be clean. 

I striped down and so did she, I did not like what I saw. Some guys on the forum might like her since it's all subjective. She gave me a bj which at least got me hard as I played with her tits and imagined a hot chick. 

She tried to kiss me several times so I closed my eyes and my mouth and imagined a hot chick lol.

Onto mish, I tried my best to stay hard but failed after a few times of pounding. It just didn't work for me.

I asked her for a HJ to finish off and she proceeded to stroke like a mad woman as if she's trying to literally pull my penis off. At this point I asked if she can lick my nipples (this normally gets me passed the lined) and then she asked me for 20 bucks! How is this an extra lol

Anyway, I paid her and after quite a long time of stroking, I finally came. I got cleaned up and quickly went for the door. I won't come back to see her. Oh man, never commit prior to seeing the girl in person, lesson learned!!

All up $95 spent for half hour! Far better value to be had elsewhere! Try her it you want but I wouldn't return.

Till next time, gents!


Floor: #3
Post Time: 24th March 2019, 10:50 AM
Poster ID: letmein123
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Website seems to be down. It happens occasionally. When I Google the number, it seems like they are looking for massuesses. There seems to be a high turnover here. Must be the very low rates being charged


