Thread Title: Nid - Allure massage - Charlestown - 4943 0023
Floor: #1
Post Time: 20th April 2018, 02:45 PM
Poster ID: Amested
Post Title: 
 Nid - Allure massage - Charlestown - 4943 0023
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Nid 

Establishment : Allure Massage Charlestown

Date of Visit : April 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0249430023 - 185 Pacific Hwy, Charlestown NSW 2290

Hours of Business : 10-7

Rates : $80 Thai massage 1 hour , $100 with oil

Age : 30+?

Size/shape : slim to medium build, 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai?

Services Provided : HE $50 extra.

Value for money/recommend? : it was ok but  ymmv.

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

Visited on a Saturday and door was locked, had a call back at xx time sign on the door. Wasn't sure if it was open so I called in case and she answered and confirmed, they were open she was the only one there and had a client so had to lock door. 
Anyways came back at specified time and door was open. 
Inside it's clearly a semi legit place rather than a Dedicated R&T.

Onto the massage good clean fresh towels on a proper massage table. 
Massage was ok but actually disappointing considering that's the main purpose. I chatted with nid throughout and whilst very friendly and she was putting the effort in she wasn't finding the right spots..

She explained that bosses turn a blind eye to HE but anything else is strictly off limits and if they got found out, they get fired. So no topless etc.

So for me it was a poor to ok back bassage followed by clean up with hot towels then the flip, no tackle ickle etc prior but she did spend time to wake the old fella up  when she was done with massaging frontside thighs and legs etc. 
HJ was enjoyable though and she was attentive and slowed down when I asked her not to rush.. More clean up with hot towels.. 
she finished by stretching me out properly which was really good so indicates training so not sure what was missing with the massage, limbs done she worked on my neck (more stretching) and finally a head face massage. 

All in all it was ok but didn't hit the spot 50 bucks for HJ only is expensive but would be worth it if the whole massage was up to scratch. Probably won't go back but as mentioned ymmv.


