Thread Title: Number 1 Thai Massage - 142 Maitland Rd Mayfield - 0414 322 829
Floor: #1
Post Time: 10th February 2018, 03:22 PM
Poster ID: mikey191
Post Title: 
 Number 1 Thai Massage - 142 Maitland Rd Mayfield - 0414 322 829
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Methinee

Establishment : Number 1 Thai Massage, 142 Maitland Rd Mayfield

Date of Visit : Jan 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0414 322 829

Hours of Business : 10am-8pm I think

Rates : $130/90min + $40 extras

Age : Couldn't really tell, but I'm thinking mid 40s.. very fit body though

Size/shape : slim and toned, 5'6 at a guess, C or D bolt ons

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : massage, nude HJ, 69... YMMV

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments :

I was keen for a RnT and noticed a bunch of new places popping up in Mayfield so thought I'd give one a try... ended up in Number 1 Thai Massage seeing Methinee.  I booked for an hour and a half and asked for a soft-to-medium massage as I had been playing at a sporting tournament for the three days before and was absolutely wrecked.. I'm usually a hard massage guy but I was so sore I don't think I could have handled that...

Into the room I go, undress and lay down.  Methinee disappears for a while, eventually comes back and starts off with quite a nice massage.  She gets a little bit hard straight off the bat so I have to tell her to ease off a bit, she takes the feedback well and ends up giving me a nice flowing sensual massage with loads of oil... really gets into all the good spots.  She does answer the phone once or twice through the session and calls out in Thai a few times to the other girl working there which was a little bit off-putting, but all in all it was nice and I was almost asleep by the time she asks me to roll over!

After the flip she does something not a whole lot of masseuses do... instead of jumping straight into a wristy, she gives me a good massage on the front of my legs (kneeling between my knees which was a nice view, albeit she was clothed) and works right up to my hips... getting right into the hip flexors which is awesome and not something I get at a lot of massage places.  She'd put a towel over my junk but as she's working around my upper thighs she's giving my tackle a good brushing and I'm starting to pitch a tent.. she's obviously not fazed by this as a couple of times she just grabs my cock through the towel and gives it a jiggle lol

She hops off and runs the hot towel over me then asks if I want a HJ... I ask if she'll get nude and she says yes so off the gear comes and she starts working on me.. she wasn't in a rush but she was going a little hard, enough that I had to ask her to slow down a few times.  After a while I motion for her to hop on top of me for a body-slide although she's more sitting on my stomach rubbing her pussy and arse on me while I'm playing with her tits which was fun too... I start playing with her pussy and she's surprisingly wet which I remark at, she just giggles...

I ask her to spin around so I can taste her pussy and she giggles again then obliges, so in I go for a munch while she jerks me off (no BBBJ unfortunately) and I end up blowing a decent load.. I was well spent.

Afterwards she tells me she owns another place down the road called Studio 89 Massage, I had gone in there on the way to her joint but the girl was busy and she wasn't going to be done for a while so I went to Number 1 Thai.  She gives me the interesting information that Studio 89 has showers in all the rooms so I can shower with the girls, sounds like a FS joint to me but it's definitely set up as a massage place so maybe that's just an extra service on top of a massage?  I think I'll head in there today or tomorrow and find out 

Definitely recommend Methinee for a good massage and if you try your luck you might get a few *extra* extras


Floor: #2
Post Time: 12th February 2018, 10:00 PM
Poster ID: Davicko9
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Methinee well was well known for her previous place in Adamstown. I believe she moved as she owns a restaurant as well in the Mayfield area. She has other girls working for her as well but from reports, none really match up, so consider yourself lucky! There have been times when she's been in but has directed a girl to do the massage instead. Good RnTs are hard to come by in the Hunter region but it looks like you got lucky.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 18th February 2018, 09:47 AM
Poster ID: mikey191
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
That'd be her!  I've been chasing her for a while after reading reviews... she said she sold the Adamstown shop to move to Mayfield, she sold the phone number along with the shop but I found her through her website (saithong.com.au).  I rang the number on there and it forwarded to the restaurant but I sent it a text and she got back to me telling me she was at Number 1 Thai Massage.

Was a good experience and she hinted at some additional extras on my next visit so I'm pretty keen to get back there to see what else might be on the menu


Floor: #4
Post Time: 15th November 2019, 01:24 PM
Poster ID: Driven2Punt
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Methinee

Establishment : Number 1 Massage

Date of Visit : 9/11/19

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 

Phone :0414322829

Hours of Business : Not sure, probably 10am to 8pm

Rates : $80 = 1 hr massage

Age : 42.?

Size/shape : size 6, tiny toned and hot

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : massage, hj

Value for money/recommend? : not anymore

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

So I called Number1 and booked Methinee for a 1 hr massage for 1200 midday. I was taken to a room by Methinee and left to wait for 10 minutes. When she returned I requested a 1 hr nude massage and hj and was quoted 100$. I asked for her to be naked and she asked for 40$ more. I give her the cash and she leaves whilst I strip off and lay down and wait 10 more minutes. Man I haven’t got all day I was thinking. Once returned she begins the massage fully clothed. The massage was 7/10 with nice oil amount. Not much tackle tickle or tease so I was disappointed. Thinking back if I had not suggested the hj from the start I am sure there would be more TT to up sell me later?
So she did the back legs and head for 25 mins then asks me to flip. Front of legs for 5 mins then she takes off her top and shorts to reveal a sexy black gstring.
I was expecting fully naked but this was pretty dam close. So now it’s straight to the hj.....What.... No body slide or tease.....
I was now certain I was being rushed to blow n go. She pumps me with a determination to get me off quick and she succeeded.
Before I knew it she was dressed and out the door as I was left to clean myself up with a dry towel. I dress and she returned to let me out.
So overall I  got about 35-40 minutes with her and 3 minutes of that was her naked! The value was poor in my opinion. She wasn’t the temptress she has been in the past few visits some time ago. So that’s it for me.Last time there I’m afraid.
There was a time when The value was good and service better, but I feel it’s no longer available like that.
Good luck to you.


