Floor: #1
Post Time: 6th June 2018, 04:37 PM
Poster ID: asprek
Post Title: 
 Parramatta CBD Massage - Level 1 / 2 Horwood Place Parramatta - 0410 165 548
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Chloe

Establishment : Parramatta CBD Massage

Date of Visit : 06/06/2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Parramatta CBD Massage - best Asian therapy &amp; relaxation massage

Hours of Business : 10am-8pm

Rates : $40/30 minutes + $50 for Nude HJ

Age : 18 - early 20's

Size/shape : 6/slender

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : Nude HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : 

Looking for quick afternoon punt, I decided to give this place a try. The shop is well hidden without visible sign from the street and you have to take a small staircase to finally see a small sign that point to the shop. 2 entrances are available; the first one is next to paper plane cafe and the other one is in front of Erby Place carpark. 

Greeted by Chloe, I decided to stay immediately. She is a slim brunette who, if my eyes and memory serve me right, looks like a cross between Emilia Clarke and Chloe from Masterchef. Ushered to the massage room, she confirmed with me whether I understood that the shop is a happy ending shop. I replied with the question regarding the extras on the menu - which was $50 for Nude HJ and $80 for CBJ. The massage room was pleasantly clean and minimally decorated with a warm light, rack, and a sizable chair to put your belongings on. No music was played. 

Starting off with a back rub, the massage was soft but the most important thing was that she didn't use excessive amount of oil. Flipping over, she continued with rubbing on my legs and chest before checking with me whether I would like nude HJ or CBJ. Settling for nude HJ, I quickly settled the financials before she took off her red dress. Underneath the dress, she was wearing a sexy black lingerie which I complimented. She then asked whether I preferred for the lingerie to stay. Uh well, there is no way I don't want to see what is underneath that lingerie  Now that both of us were in our birthday suit, she commenced with the teasing and playing of my little brother while I got to explore her slender body, petite pink bosom, cute little butt, and trimmed pussy. Picking up the pace, she got me over the line before she handed me over with tissue to clean up.  She then left the room to grab some hot towel and wiped off oil from my body. 

Overall, it was pretty good experience. HJ was a bit mechanical but my goodness, she is damn gorgeous  Chloe works in the shop every Sunday, Monday, and Wednesday.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 7th June 2018, 11:10 AM
Poster ID: bilko
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
might have to re-visit? my first and only experience in this shop was very average.... Its right across the road from my dentist so can kill two birds....


Floor: #3
Post Time: 7th June 2018, 03:43 PM
Poster ID: David Banks
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Blow me down....."2 entrances available" !!!


Floor: #4
Post Time: 3rd November 2018, 02:04 PM
Poster ID: Mercurio56
Post Title: 
 Parramatta CBD Massage - Level 1/2 Horwood Place Parramatta - 0410 165 548
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jessie

Establishment : Parramatta CBD Massage

Date of Visit : October 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 

Phone : 0410 165 548

Hours of Business : 10 am - 8 pm

Rates : $60/hr

Age : early 20s

Size/shape : Small

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian

Services Provided : Massage

Value for money/recommend? : YMMV

My experience/comments : 

OK, So maybe I am being ultra critical, or maybe my expectations are too high?  Your maybe right, what an I expecting from an Asia RnT shop in the centre of Parramatta.

I arrived and was introduced to one of two girls, but not given an option.

Jessie was introduced and I asked for a 1 hour massage, as I really wanted a massage for relaxation.  She said she had something else to do after me and could only offer 45 minutes.  I said OK, but was somewhat surprised to have the longer time knocked back.

I asked about extras and the only offer was $50 for nude.

So the massage started and, hmmm, very average.  So we continue and I ask if I can touch her, to which she reluctantly agreed. I was able to hold her arse, but she claimed her breasts were too sensitive to touch and anywhere else was strictly off limits; as I moved my hand anywhere else she moved away.

After a very average massage, flip time and that was when she got down to business...to get me quickly to the 'happy ending' so she could leave.

So, as always, YMMV, but I won't be going back.  If you just want to get off quickly, then this is a cheap place and might be ok.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 26th November 2018, 11:17 PM
Poster ID: djam71
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jessie

Establishment : Parramatta CBD Massage

Date of Visit : 26/11/2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 1/42 George st Parramatta (it just moved).

Phone : 0410 165 548

Hours of Business : 10 am - 8 pm

Rates : $60/hr, $40/30mins, $100 extras

Age : 24 (seems right)

Size/shape : Small, a little curvy

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Massage, Nude HJ, CBJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes!!!!!

My experience/comments :

First time to this shop, I walked in and was pleasantly surprised to see that it was quite nice. Unfortunately there were 3 guys walking around in the foyer and there wasnt much privacy, but still a good sign that it was popular.

A young Thai girl came up to me and immediately ushered me to a room where she asked if I wanted a massage. Naturally I said yes and asked if I could see the girls. She insisted that she would give me the massage, when I questioned a second time if I could see who was available, she offered a nude HJ for $50 and I could see where this was going and if Im honest I was actually pretty happy to have her.

I was asked to lay down, completely nude and she would be back to begin the session. Massage was fine, better that some Ive had and it wasnt long until I had to turn over.

She began to undress a little and asked what I would like. I pushed for a little more than just a HJ and we eventually settled on a CBJ which was a little pricey but I was already looking forward to playing with her body.

Once the clothes were off I could see she was a little curvy but her breasts were fantastic and I was permitted to play providing I was gentle. The CBJ was soft and despite complaining I was too big for her mouth (yes really) it felt great and she got me to the inevitable end I was after. She cleaned up, and offered to continue the massage.

All in all a good punt, and Id definitely check it out again if I was in then area.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 6th December 2018, 12:08 AM
Poster ID: Aidenwho2
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hi guys , did anyone from these forums see sereya when she worked tight slim Singapore Indian girl , I was a regular here uo until she left 2016 but omg fs was on offer , which I'm sure wasn't limited to me , any intel ?


Floor: #7
Post Time: 6th December 2018, 03:00 PM
Poster ID: djam71
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Sorry mate 

I havent seen any indian girls named Sereya there, she isnt on the time table either


