Thread Title: Patty - Kritsana Massage, Oxford St Darlinghurst - 02 9358 4993
Floor: #1
Post Time: 13th May 2016, 03:33 PM
Poster ID: Ozcock
Post Title: 
 Patty - Kritsana Massage, Oxford St Darlinghurst - 02 9358 4993
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Patty

Establishment : Kritsana Massage

Date of Visit : 13/5/16

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : ??? Amazing Ladies from Asia??? good at massage 02 9358 4993 - Sydney body rubs - backpage.com

Hours of Business : 10am till late

Rates : $60/30mins or $100/60mins

Age : 45 but looked mid 30's

Size/shape : Size 10 with DD natural bust and Latino hips

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : RnT 

Value for money/recommend? : Fucken oath

My experience/comments : After yesterdays debacle i just needed to get blown and saw the above add which piqued my interest with fairly revealing pics of what goes on.

Made the call and it was made clear the rates included the girl nude so thought why not.

Now the shop is on Oxford St near the Beauchamp Hotel and quite exposed at that intersection though only a doorway at street level and stairs straight up.

Buzz and a little thai poof opens the door and asks if it was me that just called. I replied it was so he showed me into a room and said he'd send the girls (2) in.

Room was your average RnT shop with a quite solid massage table in the middle. Shower is down the hallway.

Patty walks in and i'm quite impressed but still want to see who else they have. Well that wasnt worth it as she was probably a size 14-16 with that ugly yellow peroxide look. Tell her to send Patty in for me.

I now tend to just sit on massage tables in the nude waiting for the girl to undress and then see where i can go from there. With Patty it was immediate cuddling with her rubbing her arse up against my cock as i'm rubbing her tits from behind. Good start.

I keep giving her compliments as to how hot she looks and that i want to massage her too. No problem. 

So we lie down together and i start massaging her tits and down to her pussy where she's getting all wet. I tried to go down for the growl but she pushed me away so i kept fingering her till she came. She was fucken loud and a few times i had to tell her to keep the noise down.lol

From there we relaxed a while as she claimed she had 'no power'. After a few minutes she started grabbing my cock and fondling my balles after which i stood up and blew a load all over her stomach and tits. 

She cleans herself up of my cum and we continue to lie there just gently caressing each other. I soon become hard as i start fingering her wet cunt and go down for the growl again. Bingo. This time she's so far gone that she just spreads her legs and allows me full access. Again she cums whilst screming 'too good, you too good'. Wanted to piss myself laughing but held it in.

Anyway, she's only here for another couple of weeks before she goes back to Bangkok. Her English isnt the best but i think she works most days except Sundays. Maybe best to call first to find out if you're interested.

She's a horny little piece but just like with most Thais from my experience you have to be gentle and gain her trust.

Blowing two times for $100 is a bargain. If anyone needs to know, there was no massage and didnt need it. She at one point tried to start massage after my first blow but i told her to just lie there and relax. This sort of shit gains there trust IMO.

Anyway, happy punting, My cock is sated after yesterdays debacle at Sakuras Place.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 29th May 2016, 08:24 PM
Poster ID: Jackjohns
Post Title: 
 Kristsana massage
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Patty

Establishment : Kristsana massage 

Date of Visit : 29/05/16

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : ??? Amazing Ladies from Asia??? good at massage 02 9358 4993 - Australia body rubs - cracker.com.au

Hours of Business : 10am-10pm

Rates : $60 / 30 mins
$80 / 45 mins
$100 / 60 mins
$150 / 90 min                                                                                                                                                                       
 Age : Late 40s looks great for her age

Size/shape : Good body nice ass and great breast 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : RNT and full service

Value for money/recommend? : yes great

My experience/comments : Arrived at place you have to walk up big stairs to get there greeted by a Asian guy asked if wanted guy or girl Said girl I go in room Patty arrives guess was only girl working she has a sexy Latino type body started off with massage was great she had sexy lingerie on while massaging me she started teasing for a bit playing with my ass and inside legs, asked to turn over bit more massage then started oiling up my penis she asked me to take her bra off starting playing with her breast then sucking which she made me stop doing could tell she loved it but must been sencative. Then she removed panties rubbed her up a bit then she offered full service for $50 there was no way I was saying no, paid put condom on then she starting sucking me which was good then she laid on table and I got down to business  she really seemed to like was very loud real loud was bit freak out so slowed down for a bit then thought stuff it and went for it she covered her mouth and pulled me in to her face .. Was a great time lucky no one was outside or in room next door just getting a massage.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 20th August 2016, 11:56 AM
Poster ID: Jackjohns
Post Title: 
 Kritsana Massage
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Paula 

Establishment : Kritsana Massage

Date of Visit : 15/08/2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://auxxxreviews.com/forum/redir...993%2F11537961
263 Oxford street Darlinghurst tel:02 9358 4993
Hours of Business : 10am to 10 pm

Rates : $60/30mins or $100/60mins

Age : mid 20s

Size/shape : chunky

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : RNT

Value for money/recommend? : Was ok a bit chubby but nice girl and seemed get into it 

My experience/comments : When arrived greeted by Asain guy like usually told 1 girl available asked if been before and had her before said yes but hasn't seen Paula in came Paula chubby Thai girl mids 20s paid $60 for half hour massage with hand relief ,massage was average the asked to turn said on legs played with me for bit rubbing balls and tugging then onto Spanish which she seemed to love then back to pulling me off.. Overall was good , would of been better if she stood next to table no just sat on end of table so I could of had a bit of a chance to play with her a bit .


