Thread Title: Pyrmont Siam Angel Massage - 318 Harris st - 0424847711
Floor: #1
Post Time: 20th June 2017, 09:37 PM
Poster ID: luvthetug
Post Title: 
 Pyrmont Siam Angel Massage - 318 Harris st - 0424847711
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Eli

Establishment : Pyrmont Siam Angel Massage

Date of Visit : 20/6/17

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : http://sydney.cracker.com.au/BodyRub...per-u/48763818

Hours of Business : 10 am to 10 pm 

Rates : $60 Per hour, extra $50 for nude HJ

Age : mid 20's

Size/shape : Large,  size 14-16

Nationality or Ethnicity : Taiwanese

Services Provided : Massage, Nude HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes, just.

My experience/comments : This place is easy to find, pretty much on the corner of Allen and Harris st in Pyrmont.  I found a 2 hour park on the side of the road in Harris st, which gave me a short walk up to the shop.  
Walking in I was met by a reasonably attractive lady who immediately showed me to a room and asked how long I wanted to stay.  I said an hour and she said Ok I have a sexy girl for you.  She instructed me to get undressed and lay down on the table.
The place was fairly small and the walls don't go all the way to the ceiling which isn't great for privacy.  While lying there I could here an exhaust fan of some sort which was quite loud and they also had the radio going which didn't really provide relaxing Thai massage environment, although the room seemed relatively clean.
Eli walked in, she was a big girl, bigger than I normally like but she did have an attractive face and a friendly demeanor.  She lay a towel over me and started the massage on my back.  The massage was about a 6/10 with lots of finger work with reasonable pressure but no use of the forearms and elbows that I usually like. After the back she moved to the butt and the legs with no real tackle touching to speak of.  
After about 20 minutes she asked me to flip and I thought this was going to end with plenty of time to spare.  She massaged my arms then my legs and worked well on my thighs which I liked.  Many places neglect the front part of the massage and tend to dive straight into extras.  She was looking quite intensely at me at this stage, I think waiting for me to ask for extras, but I just let her keep doing her thing. 
 She finally asked if I wanted HJ for $50 and I clarified with nude? and she said yes.  Eli did a bit of a sexy strip for me while feeling me up a bit which was quite good. I moved in and slid her dress and bra straps down to reveal a great set of natural puppies, which you would expect of a girl this size.  It looked like she had been for a cupping session earlier as she had a number of bruises on her arms and back, which was a little bit of a turn off for me.  
Once I started nestling into those puppies though I soon forgot about the bruises.  I caressed and sucked her boobs for a bit while she was stroking the old fella. At this stage she had only taken the bra and the dress down half way and was a bit reluctant to go further.  I asked if she would take them all the way off and she said as long as I didn't touch.  I moved her dress and pants halfway down her legs and by this stage she was fully into the HJ.  I didn't really persist with down bellow, as she was quite chubby and it wasn't really doing it for me.  I focused my attention north to those wonderful girls and that sent me over the line with ease.  Eli cleaned me up and we had a nice chat with some hugging and kissing, this part was quite a nice GFE.  She was pretty insistent that I come and see her again.  
She works on Tuesdays and Saturdays.  I probably would see her again at a different place. It was quite a good massage with a pleasant lady. The venue let the experience down a bit with the lack of privacy, noise and the fact that you step out the front door and there is a bus stop right there.  A tad awkward! If you are into big women I would give her a try, if not there are better experiences to be had.


