Thread Title: Q cherry massage - Canterbury - 02 8540 9601
Floor: #1
Post Time: 9th December 2019, 09:43 PM
Poster ID: Lykr
Post Title: 
 Q cherry massage - Canterbury - 02 8540 9601
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jen 


Establishment : massage

Date of Visit : November 5th

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Canterbury Massage | Best Massage Center

Phone :8540 9601

Hours of Business : 10-7

Rates : 60/30 minutes

Age : 35

Size/shape : slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian

Services Provided : BJ hj sometimes FS

Value for money/recommend? : 8/10

My experience/comments : So looking for cheapest pints of all. I came across one of the millions of massage places all covered up by the generic Thais woman poster massaging someone in a non-sexual way when you can guarantee that there's more going on inside then a shoulder massage. 
So I walked in to qmassage on the corner on a Friday at 5:40 pm.
Mamasan. "You want massage boy?

"We'll I didn't come here for the fruitflys!"
Confused she says
"This way I bring girl."
"Ok thanks."
I'm ushered to a cupboard with a table that probably belonged thanks a respectable massues once.
Girl walks in she is small. I'm not huge but she's tiny . Not midget just small proportional. 
"Ok I said any others" to mamasan?
"That's it I show you girl"
Great I thought 1 girl . He we go this will suck.
I made the gesture sucky ok?
Oh yes $60 ok.
Ok I said. Why not !
And suck she did very well. Good toungue action and good suction.
I was getting close and she stops . Oh no I thought She is going to say more money. Nope wrong again.
Undoes the little panties shows me the tinnies trimmed quim. No need to ask twice. She lays n the shitty table and I put him in . Four five strokes damn it's good and I blow in the bag!
Dammit if I knew Puss was on the table (pun intended) I would have held off on a long blowie!
Ahhh so good.
Stupid me didn't get her name. 
She had long below waste black silky hair and a botched c section scar on her low stomach about 4inches long. 
Didn't bother me she was so friendly and so good. A nice surprise.
Will definitely go back.
It's the place right on the corner . They close at 7-8pm so can't be too late.
Canterbury Massage | Best Massage Center
Enjoy


