Floor: #1
Post Time: 8th January 2014, 11:45 PM
Poster ID: Basdave
Post Title: 
 Reflection Massage - 1/459 Pacific Hwy, Crows Nest - 02 9906 7516
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Cindy

Establishment : VIP body therapy Crows Nest 

Date of Visit : 30/11/2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 459 Pacific Hwy, Crows Nest, NSW

Hours of Business : 10-9 7 days

Rates : 30 mins $55 -  60mins  $105

Age : 25ish 

Size/shape : Size 10 with D cups

Nationality or Ethnicity : asian

Services Provided : massage with Happy ending

Value for money/recommend? : yes, especially first timers

My experience/comments : Ok so this was my first time on the punt. I was nervous as anything and had no idea what to expect. Cindy didn't speak a lot of English but she made me comfortable and started of wit a fairly decent massage. I sstruggledto eendthis part because I had no idea what was next however after a body slide she rolled me over and made me forget about how nervous I was with a fantastic hand job.

The drive home all I could do was smile. I was hooked!


Floor: #2
Post Time: 20th October 2014, 03:24 PM
Poster ID: joshj
Post Title: 
 Cindy at VIP Massage Crows Nest
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Cindy
Establishment: VIP Massage Crows Nest
Date of Visit: September 2014
Contact Details/Address/Weblink: VIP Body Therapy & Aroma
Phone: 9460 6651
Hours of business: 10:00am – 9:00pm
Rates: 30/45/60 $60/$85/$105 (no extras)
Age: 25
Size/Shape: 10 – with nice natural C cups
Nationality or Ethnicity: Aisian
Services Provided: RNT
Value for money/recommend?: absolutely
My experience/comments:
I have seen Cindy several times now, and she never disappoints. I can't remember what her massage is like, as now I only seem to get raunchy cuddling and teasing tugs.
Cindy has a great figure, not super slim like most others, but slightly curvy, but has the most delightful tits – a good handful, which she loves to have sucked.
Last time I saw her, we started cuddling as soon as she re-entered the room (after my shower down the hall in the shared bathroom). I was sitting naked on the table, and she simply stood between my legs, smiled and grabbed my cock. I helped her out of here clothes, and laid her on the table, where I then joined her, caressing her tits, while she gently stroked me. There is no kissing (at least not for me), but here smile is infectious and we laugh about silly things and enjoy the cuddling.
Cindy then started licking and sucking my nipples – which is a huge turn on for me. I continue caressing her tits, and even rubbing here clit. She does not allow me to digitally penetrate, however she does enjoy her clit being rubbed.
Cindy continues to lick and suck my nipples, leaning over me. I somehow position myself under her tits, and grope and suck on them. Her hand has not left my cock at all, continuing to keep it rock hard, with slow strokes. This sort of fun continues for quite some time - till it is time to finish.
Cindy asks me how I want to finish, and I ask for doggy this time. Cindy assumes the position on the table, and generously oils my cock, and I slide it between her thighs, and proceed to " fuck" her this way. There is no penetration, but with the oil it feels just as good. I blow all over the place, and she smiles, and cups her hand under my balls and gently squeezes the last drops out.
Back to the shower down the hall before a peck on the cheek good bye.
Cindy is a wonderful girl who I highly recommend.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 5th April 2016, 10:34 PM
Poster ID: fit69
Post Title: 
 Reflection Massage - Crows Nest
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Mindy

Establishment : Reflection Massage

Date of Visit : 26/03/2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Reflection Massage - Thai Massage Crows Nest Sydney   1/459 Pacific Hwy CROWS NEST NSW 2065

Hours of Business : 10-9pm

Rates : $35/30min $55/1hour, HJ 20.   FS $120/30min but I dont think all girls do FS.

Age : late 20s

Size/shape : curvy, a bit on the chubby side 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Massage with HJ (light touching allowed)

Value for money/recommend? : Yeah

My experience/comments : Well, I just felt like a going to one of these places and this was the only place open in the area, its located right next to a furniture shop but you will have no idea its there unless you are right next to the door which seems to be open 24/7, no signs or anything, there is just a staircase then a door and a camera on the roof.
Knocked and in I was, there was only 1 of 2 "girls" available, she wasnt very pretty but I just wanted a massage and perhaps a HJ if her massage was good. I pay for 30min, and wait for her to come back, she gives me a good massage, just like a traditional thai massage except that it was soft, I quite enjoyed it as it relaxed me mentally as well as physically. At the end I asked if she did HJ, she said yes, I said 20? she said yes and thats what I got, she was good but kinda shy/innocent, perhaps not very experienced (only been working 6 months) but she tried hard in a soft and sort of caring way and it worked quite well, she allowed me to touch her firm C sized breasts and I was done quite quickly...

Will I be back? yeah, I would like to try some other girls as she told me some do more extras and perhaps even FS.   What I got for what I payed for was pretty good, other places ive been to at that price range arent very good. Its like they dont like their job, but here it was nice, yes, she was very nice.

what else? They had a shower but I didnt use it.   and why I said "girl" before? Well, the other one was a lady boy who looked like she could be the owner as it looked like she lived there, she also provides massages and extras but I am not into that.


