Floor: #1
Post Time: 21st July 2014, 07:48 AM
Poster ID: Tog
Post Title: 
 Relaxation Massage - 107/69 Holbeche Rd, Arndell Park NSW - 0449 894 532
				
Post Content: 
Sorry not sure what this place is called but have seen the ads on the local rags for a while

Establishment - Parlour 

Date of Visit - 19/7/14

Name of person - can't remember 

Contact - 107/69 Holbeche Rd, Arndell Park
Ph. 0449894532

Price - 30min for $35

Value for money - Yes

Details
I called first as they seem fairly legit offering a health rebate and on the phone when I asked if they did HE she said "we do very relaxing massage you come now" and hung up the phone.

I get there and the place is not that discret and am in 2 minds as to what's going to be on offer as they look very professional from the shop front but they have one of those dodgy flashing neon signs that says "Open" which to me says "pussy here"

So I go in and am greeted by a 50+ yo old lady in a business polo shirt
I ask for half hr massage part with my money and she leads me into a room
The rooms very clean with a proper massage table and that made to fit paper stuff over the top

Another lady comes in probably in her 40's Chinese she doesn't say much but is giggling a lot. I not that the message lady is wearing a lot of clothes and so I figure I could be wrong about this being a place that offers more than massage. I'm not really into the massage lady as she is a bit on the older side for my liking

I get a hot oil massage which is very well done and I'm feeling very relaxed.
After about 20mins the ML asks me if I want HE. I wasn't that keen but seeing I'm there in my undies and pretty relaxed I negotiate HE nude for $30
She said must be very quiet and locks the door and kept telling me to "ssshhh"

She lifts up her top to show me her titties which are a bit on the small side but still a handful and she starts to pull me off with some oil
I tell her to pull her pants down and she dose and she points at her pussy which she is proud of. She has a landing strip with shaved lips. I give it a rub as I get pulled off and soon enough I blow 

We clean up and ML has the giggles again. I don't think the boss lady likes them doing extras but would say its on the cards

Would I be back? maybe
All in all it was a good time and a new place for me

I might have the business name of this place wrong but address and phone number are correct


Floor: #2
Post Time: 21st July 2014, 02:28 PM
Poster ID: WOTAN01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Tog, you can access the Template which is shown in a drop dowm menu at the end of the Format line at the top of the "Quick Reply" section. It makes it easy when posting Reviews as all the headings are listed (see below)and you just fill them in and then write the variable parrt giving your experience and uplod by hitting "Post Quick Reply". Please use it for your next review.

Wotan010

Person's Name : 

Establishment : 

Date of Visit : 

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 

Hours of Business : 

Rates : 

Age : 

Size/shape : 

Nationality or Ethnicity : 

Services Provided : 

Value for money/recommend? : 

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)


