Thread Title: Relax Massage Studio - Stanmore - 9569 0006
Floor: #1
Post Time: 18th April 2016, 05:33 PM
Poster ID: mastervt25
Post Title: 
 Relax Massage Studio - Stanmore - 9569 0006
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Mia

Establishment : Relax Massage Studio Stanmore

Date of Visit : 13/04/2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Relax Massage Studio

Hours of Business : 10-9pm (Discounts available b/w 3-7pm)

Rates : 65 for 1/2 hr

Age : 22

Size/shape : Lean, short not very curvy

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Full body massage, HJ. Not sure about others

Value for money/recommend? : No

My experience/comments : This is a new place that opened up very close to Massage Oasis. They have big ads and thought I'd go check it out. The establishment is new and was greeted and went for 30 mins with a Thai girl who seemed nice. However, when we entered the room, it just went downhill from there. She would NOT respond beyond 1 word and was just extremely mechanical. Massage was below average. Then she got naked (6/10) and did a nude body slide on my back. But the way she did it, it felt like she was bored and just wanted to be done with it. 
She asked me to turn over and I thought maybe things will change now, but again her nude body slide was very mechanical...over my body and around my cock. She had soft hands and used them well on my cock and balls. She let me touch her breasts and her petite butt...but not even a fake moan! She went on to gently stroke the penis and finished me off pretty well. Overall 5 or 6/10...hope others have better experiences.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 4th June 2017, 06:26 AM
Poster ID: batscha
Post Title: 
 Emma at Relax Massage Stanmore
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Emma

Establishment : Relax Massage Studio

Date of Visit : 2/6/17

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 234 Paramatta Rd, Stanmore - 02 9569 0006

Hours of Business : 10am - 10pm

Rates : 90/45min

Age : 22..ish

Size/shape : 8 ... Skinny with natural C cups

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : B2B / R&T

Value for money/recommend? : Absolutely for value and service

My experience/comments : There are three or four massage shops along this strip on Paramatta Rd and haven't seen many reviews of this joint. 

On two girls on this night and I picked Emma. Underneath her zip up uniform, I spied as great rack.

Offered a shower, which I accepted, before back into the room to lie face down on the massage table. The rooms are well appointed, freshly renovated with mood lighting, feature walls, music and large mirrors (though not of much use later in the session, due to their height).

Part 1 was reasonable for an RnT shop and Emma has a surprising amount strength for her size. Starts on my legs, before spending most time of my back. 

I hear her disrobe and then begins applying an oil and gradually increases the tickle of the tackle, before climbing on top of me a slithering up and down my body.

It's a relatively quick body slide after which a turn over and she begins rubbing her ample breasts against my cock. She proceeds to sit on my thigh and stroke me, before I climax.

Overall, Emma was nice enough, but provided excellent service for the price.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 31st January 2019, 08:00 PM
Poster ID: batscha
Post Title: 
 Layla at Relax Massage Stanmore
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Layla

Establishment : Relax Massage, Stanmore

Date of Visit : 10th January

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Relax Massage Studio 02 9569 0006 Sydney - At Relax Massage Studio we offer hot oil full body massages to relax and sooth you after a hard day. Our premises are fully renovated to a high standard. With large rooms fitted out in Old Victorian charm an

Phone : 9569 0006

Hours of Business : 10am-10pm

Rates : $90 for 45 mins

Age : mid 20s

Size/shape : size 6/8, with large (nicely done) enhanced boobs

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : B2B & HE

Value for money/recommend? : Absolutely

My experience/comments : 

Relax Massage is an under the radar, but reliable, Thai massage shop that is a regular for me, but one that doesn't seem to get too many reviews. 

I have seen Layla a number of times at this establishment and have consistently received good service from her. If she's available, she will be my first choice, though this shop does get a lot of newbies who have turned out to be gems.

The session starts with a shower in a shared bathroom at the back of a shop. I then enter the room and lay face down in a real massage table, unclothed. Layla enters, strips while continuing small-talk, before commencing a massage I would not be disappointed to have received in a genuine massage shop. This shop uses oil, but it comes off quite easily in the shower afterwards. The part one goes for slightly over half the allotted time and I'm in a daze by the end of it. Apart from a bit of tickle tackle and her big breasts brushing my body occasionally, this is a pretty professional massage. 

The mood switches in part one when the hard strokes are replaced with soft teasing, before spends a few minutes rubbing her body all over my back and legs. I then turn over. She has a stunning gym-toned body, capped with enhanced tits (maybe a DD?), though she does have some prominent tattoos that I find tasteful. I am busily exploring her body when her hands explores by cock. There is some more light body to body, before she begins working away on my cock, until I erupt. 

Finish off with some small talk and a quick shower, and then I'm away. This shop is a great option in the inner west (along with Oasis Massage a few doors down), and I'll miss it when I move to the inner east in a few months.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 23rd January 2020, 01:58 PM
Poster ID: Madeupname
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
IS there a rear entrance to this place, or do I have to do the walk of shame?


