Floor: #1
Post Time: 30th November 2013, 11:22 AM
Poster ID: crazyjk
Post Title: 
 Romeos - 108 New Canterbury Rd, Petersham - 02 9569 5500 / 9721 52800
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Christine

Establishment :  Romeos 

Date of Visit : 28/11/2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 108 New Canterbury Rd, Petersham NSW 2049 9569 5500 

Hours of Business : 11am Till Late

Rates : $130 45min 

Age : Late 20's

Size/shape : Slim, D cup

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian

Services Provided : Massage, CBJ

Value for money/recommend? : NO 

My experience/comments : Was in the area working so thought id just drop in and see which girls where available. Was shown 3 Girls in the line up picked the new girl Christine for 45 Min (Shop does not offer 30min anymore) paid my money upstairs into room get naked and waited around for what felt like a while till she got room ready and undressed. In the shower usual wash down nothing too exciting on to the table for a massage which was ok. Next was the body slide lots of that cream they use was good but then she proceeded to rub her pubic hair into my lower back and ass I was like WTF but whatever. Now after she told me to turn over I noticed she had but Listerine in her mouth now I had a strong feeling I know what was going to happen and FML she spat it over my cock!!! Not sure if you guys have ever experienced this but it gave it a weird burning cooling sensation I did not like it. On with the condom for what was a 1 min blow job she gets up rips off condom and proceeds to try rip my cock off. Long story short blew my load washed myself out of the room before buzzer went off. Next time going to stick to my regulars.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 30th November 2013, 01:47 PM
Poster ID: WOTAN01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
So she used the old Listerine trick on you!


Floor: #3
Post Time: 30th November 2013, 05:07 PM
Poster ID: tiny1234
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
did your cock have bad breath???


Floor: #4
Post Time: 31st January 2014, 07:54 PM
Poster ID: sylphy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Clara

 Establishment : Romeo @ Petersham

 Date of Visit : 20/12/2013

 Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Romeo and Juliet Massage - 6 star luxury massage services

 Hours of Business : 10am till 4am

 Rates : $130 for 45 mins

 Age : Around 22-24
 Size/shape : B cup, slim

 Nationality or Ethnicity : Korean

 Services Provided : CBJ, HJ

 Value for money/recommend? : Yes

 My experience/comments : This happened back in December, was out drinking with my mates in the city and after chilling for couple of hours at Korean café I decided to drive back home. Was driving through Petersham and I remember from my previous search that Romeo from R&J is located at Petersham, decided to pull over and do bit of google search to look up for the place, found the place! Now when I got in, the procedure almost the same as Juliet, they will ask if I've been here before and this time I said yes, I've been to Juliet before. Was shown 5 girls, decided to pick Clara. Out of 5 of them, 2 was smiling and Clara wasn't one of them but I like her face (shes not really pretty but remind me of my ex) so I decided to go with her. Once I choose, was asked how long do I want to stay and I said 45 mins package. Was escorted to the room by Clara, stripped naked and shower together. She washed my body and my little brother thoroughly and I was playing with her ass and tits here and there. Once I lie down she start massaging, as expected from these Korean RnT, the massage is just so-so and doesn't actually do anything other than arouse me because her skin was so smooth lol. When she started doing B2B my little bro got up straight away, she got only B cup but the its natural and it looks and feels yummy. Turn around, got up to try kissing the breast and touch her body here and there. There was some rules so I just followed and she keep on doing her B2B and licking from my neck down, it feels pretty good and soon enough I unload my load. Regarding the place, Romeo is definitely better than Juliet as its bigger and it has a TV lounge room. And apparently if you book for 60 mins you will get free foot massage, will definitely come back to try the 60 mins package!


Floor: #5
Post Time: 6th February 2014, 02:24 PM
Poster ID: Gruntingbear
Post Title: 
 Romeo's Massage
				
Post Content: 
Establishment: Romeo's Massage, Petersham, 108 New Canterbury Rd, T: 9569 5500
Girl's Name: Jenny
Rate: $130 for 45 mins
Age: 20s
Size/Shape: 12, solid build
Nationality: Korean
Sexiness Meter (looks+body+attitude): 6/10
Value for money/Will I be back: Maybe, but better value elsewhere


Selcted Jenny form the lineup.  Seemed pleasant and attractive, slightly thickset body.  Lots of body washing (and some fondling) in the shower, pretty ordinary massage, body rub, and handjob.

A OK session but a bit mechanical, no pussy touching, hard to break the routine but a nice stress reliever.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 25th April 2014, 02:02 PM
Poster ID: defective
Post Title: 
 Elaine? at Romeos Petersham
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Elaine? (maybe I misheard)
 Establishment : 108 New Canterbury Rd

 Date of Visit : March 2014

 Contact Details/Address/Weblink :

 Hours of Business :

 Rates : 45 mins $135

 Age : 25

 Size/shape : 6 at most - very thin

 Nationality or Ethnicity : Korean

 Services Provided : B2B / R&T

 Value for money/recommend? : Yes

After a stressful day at work need to unwind - found my way to 108. in the intro I asked for someone who was actually good at massage - told Elaine had just come from the scene in Korea to here in Aus - after seeing her in the flesh - sold! (amazing body)

Session was great - assisted shower...great back massage (including walking on my back) and then the ear whispers and touches started.

Turn over ... and within a matter of minutes... Game Over.

Assisted in clean up shower too...this place is def in the good books.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 22nd March 2016, 08:38 PM
Poster ID: jimmyrustlez
Post Title: 
 Carol @ Juliets
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Carol

Establishment : Juliet's Burwood

Date of Visit : 14/3/16

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : rjsyd.com 972152800

Hours of Business : I'm not quite sure, but its open most of the time

Rates : $140/45min $180/hr

Age : 23

Size/shape : around size 10, a bit chubby, nice titties

Nationality or Ethnicity : Korean

Services Provided : b2b HJ CBJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : I had nothing to so I decided it was time for a massage cause I hadn't had one in a while. I came and there were 4 girls to pick from so I chose the one that smiled at me. 

Her massage was really deep and thorough; she pressed hard and even massaged my toes and fingers. then came the body slide/b2b part, she used lots of oil and began sliding back and forth on my back. she then proceded to tickle me and even lick me around the butthole. After that she flipped me over and licked my ears and nipples which was quite amazing whilst moaning. she did the standard up and down sliding and also titty fucked. After that she allowed me to get on top of her and cum on her tits.

All in all a very fun experience.


Floor: #8
Post Time: 15th June 2016, 11:41 PM
Poster ID: end user
Post Title: 
 Kara @ Romeos - Petersham - 02 9569 5500
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Kara

Establishment : Romeos

Date of Visit : 4/6/2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 02 9569 5500 / 108 New Canterbury Rd, Petersham Romeo and Juliet Massage - 6 star luxury massage services

Hours of Business : 10am till late

Rates : 180/hour

Age : 22

Size/shape : Short, c-cups, some love handles

Nationality or Ethnicity : Korean

Services Provided : Body Slide, CBJ, HJ

Value for money/recommend? : No

My experience/comments : 
Haven't been punting for a long time. Recently came into some money and decided to visit an old place that always delivered the goods. At least it used to 5 years ago. Posting here to get new intel. Went to Romeos at Petersham. Lineups sure aren't what they used to be. Saw 4 in the intro section. All of them had stinkface and seemed they didn't want to be there. I ended up picking Kara (might have been Lara??) Short, prob 150cm, some love handles, but nice C cup tits. A bit too much makeup, but I guess thats a Korean thing.

Into the room and I realised her english was pretty good, not that I am much of a talker, but I know some guys like that. Clothes off and into the shower. She isn't afraid to touch, getting quite flirty straight away. Massage skills were pretty average. She asked if I wanted back walking, but I'm kinda skinny so declined. The B2B part was as I remember it, getting me nice and hard for the turnover. She used her tits well, and kisses on the back of the neck and heavy breathing/nibbling of the ear got me quite excited. 

Turnover time and she lotions up the Johnson and reapplies more on her tits. Good massaging of the balls, with a nice steady pace taking her time with good wrist action combined with some spanish. She then moved up for a few strokes of pussy sliding, rubbing her cunt lips and clit up and down my member. This position gave me great access to gently nibble on her tits. She then slid down and went for the CBJ. She struggled a bit in this department, her bj was half assed and I could tell she just wasn't into it. 30 seconds later and she repositions herself sitting on my stomach while she strokes my cock in reverse cow girl position. Watching her tits bounce up and down in the mirror got me over the line.

Showered and dressed with about 5 mins to spare from the 1 hour session. 

Overall: 7/10, A hard working girl, but maybe no chemistry and the ending felt a bit robotic.

Need access to the members section so I can find someone with a bit more Girlfriend feel.


Floor: #9
Post Time: 4th November 2019, 06:39 PM
Poster ID: farshidk
Post Title: 
 Romeo's Massage, Petersham NSW - (02) 9569 5500
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Puki

Establishment : Romeo's Massage

Date of Visit : 11/3/2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 108 New Canterbury Rd, Petersham NSW 2049 (they don't have a website)

Phone 02) 9569 5500

Hours of Business : Not Sure

Rates :  $145

Age : 22

Size/shape : petite figure with slim waste

Nationality or Ethnicity : Korean

Services Provided : body slide, CBJ and HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Not an erotic massage but luxury quality time with an amazing girl

My experience/comments : 

TL;DR
Friendly personality, sexy girls, body slides with hot oil: yes, erotic massage: no.

Getting the girl
Happened to be in the area and I noticed that I am just 30 meters away from the place. They don't have a website but they have a friendly receptionist. As soon as I called and asked for the prices I could hear the Korean accent. She explained to me the prices and she said there is no 30 minutes time. Also she mentioned all girls are Koreans. Hearing that all girls are Korean made me excited so I decided to try it definitely. I walked in, the two receptionist welcomed me nicely as you would expect from Koreans and going to the room I was only shown one girl. She was tall and had a perfect body wearing a nice lingerie. She should have been my choice if I was shown more girls. But to me to have options is a most! So I went out and came back after half an hour when I was shown two other girls. Again two more beautiful girls with perfect bodies presenting themselves nicely. Puki was a tiny girl with an authentic Korean face which I didn't have difficulty choosing her over.

Action with Puki
Paid $145 for 45 minutes and waited for Puki, she asked me to follow her to another room where I was walking behind her and starting my fun time by enjoying the view of her petite figure. Once in the room we had a little bit of chat and immediately felt her warm friendly attitude. She took me to the shower to wash me but she didn't use soap which wasn't that much fun. Lying on the massage table she started something that wasn't a proper massage and neither an erotic massage. I was fine with either but just being pressed on my back and arm is just boring so I asked her if she can do something else. With all politeness she refused and she said this is how it is and explained what she will do. So no erotic touches at all. A little but disappointing since I was hoping for something erotic. Since I just wanted to try the place I told her to do what she is supposed to do. So she pour some slippery hot oil (is it called nuru?) on my back and my legs, hot enough to simulate my nerves but not to burn my skin and then started rubbing her body on me. Small perky boobs are good for the view but for body slide all you feel is the nipples running over the skin. But still it was fun. Then she asked me to turn over and now I could enjoy her body shape in the mirrors on wall and ceiling. So I did enjoy seeing her body sliding on my body. Then she gave a slow blow job and I continued to watch her body. I asked her to finish me with hand job and she did so. 

Final thoughts
During the session we talked a lot. Although her English is not good but she doesn't use it as an excuse to not answer your questions or avoid talking like so many sex worker so. She has a great attitude and is bubbly and is willing to please. I don't know why she couldn't give erotic massage and what's exactly in their minds giving such a boring massage. What made still enjoy the time was the conversation and her body figure. 

Would I go again? If I am around and feeling happy I will go but if I am feeling horny I wouldn't go.


