Thread Title: Ruk Thai Massage - Richmond - 02 4557 2008
Floor: #1
Post Time: 30th September 2019, 08:11 PM
Poster ID: FrankieLee
Post Title: 
 Ruk Thai Massage - Richmond - 02 4557 2008
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Various

Establishment : Private home around the lower blue mountains

Date of Visit : Last one was 15/9/19

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 4557 2008. 140B Windsor St, Richmond

Hours of Business : 10am-8pm

Rates : $108 for 90 mins Oil Massage

Age : mid 20's to mid 30's

Size/shape : Various

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Massage Only.... until recently. Now with added HJ's 

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : I have been visiting this place for a year or so mainly because they do a VERY good Thai massage.

They have always been fine with customers being nude, but early on - I overheard one of the staff telling a customer over the phone in no uncertain terms that "NO SPECIAL MASSAGE" So I didn't bother investigating that because I really was there for therapeutic reasons primarily. 

Even when nude and the odd bit of tackle brushing and moving a solid boner out of the way, there was never much more.

BUT... more recently it seems like they've broken-bad. 

A couple of months ago there were some new faces there between Sun - Tues which is when I usually go. The first time with one of the newer ladies, it got to the flip and after doing the front of my legs she lifted the small towel from my eyes and make the HJ gesture... so of course the answer was a yes.

It's only a handy, so I won't go into much detail there, because they've all got different styles, some good some average... but it's now on the cards. At first they were trying for $50, but I usually just go there and pay with $150 for the 90 mins, and leave the change from the $108 there.

Interestingly, I haven't seen the same faces there from earlier, but that may be because I'm there on different days. The DOWNside of the latest news however, is that the massage itself isn't quite as good as it used to be. There used to be some serious stretching and all the rest, which isn't quite as good now.

Parking is plentiful on the street, no more than a minute's walk away, and also an ATM just across the road. 

Hope it helps fellow punters in the far north-west.

Frankie Lee.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 4th October 2019, 11:36 PM
Poster ID: djam71
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I'm actually really interested in this one because its so local for me. I wonder if I should try my luck?

Looking at their site theres also a penrith location in a mall


Floor: #3
Post Time: 5th October 2019, 08:10 AM
Poster ID: Stroke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by djam71


I'm actually really interested in this one because its so local for me. I wonder if I should try my luck?

Looking at their site theres also a penrith location in a mal
"""



Only you can decide, take one for the team and report back with a review.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 5th October 2019, 10:42 AM
Poster ID: unclepj
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Been looking at this shop since it opened 
Time for me to go see
Thanks Frankie

Unc


Floor: #5
Post Time: 3rd March 2020, 07:40 PM
Poster ID: Das232
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Had a few goes here to investigate and had a chat with the lady after a couple of massages and making it known I was after a bit more. She was nice enough to tell me the other shop that she works at and that, "that sort of massage was allowed there, please come see me." She genuinely felt bad about not being able to offer the extra. She said that if management find out the girls get fired. So there may be a few out there that offer the extras but they are clearly dismissed if management gets wind.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 3rd March 2020, 10:19 PM
Poster ID: djam71
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by Das232


Had a few goes here to investigate and had a chat with the lady after a couple of massages and making it known I was after a bit more. She was nice enough to tell me the other shop that she works at and that, "that sort of massage was allowed there, please come see me." She genuinely felt bad about not being able to offer the extra. She said that if management find out the girls get fired. So there may be a few out there that offer the extras but they are clearly dismissed if management gets wind
"""



Thats a real shame


