Thread Title: S.L Massage - Rydalmere - 02 9891 3100
Floor: #1
Post Time: 21st October 2019, 08:21 PM
Poster ID: ichiro
Post Title: 
 S.L Massage - Rydalmere - 02 9891 3100
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Cindy and Lina

Establishment : S.L Massage 

Date of Visit : 18 Oct 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 382 Victoria Rd, Rydalmere NSW 2116 https://www.google.com/maps/uv?hl=en...oiowCnoECAwQBg

Phone : 02 9891 3100

Hours of Business : 10am to 7pm 

Rates : $35 30min, $50 60min plus tip

Age : 35

Size/shape : Slim 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Massage plus RNT

Value for money/recommend? : YES . a little Gem 

It was after work and I felt like taking a punt . All I wanted was a good massage and to see what happens
I was out near Parramatta and came through to Rydalmere. I knew there was a massage joint just near Victoria Road so decided to test it. After parking I noticed there were two places near one another so took a punt with the Hair dresser/massage place that had stairs taking you up to first floor 

After walking in I was quickly greeted by Cindy and taken over to the massage area. I agreed for 30min at $35 and just went with the flow. Went to a curtained area past the hair dressing chairs with a door 

I took my clothes off and got ready for a good massage Cindy came in when I was ready 
Cindy started off well and the massage was nice and professional. Good technique to iron out all my soreness . The good massage continued 
Nearly close to the 25 min mark and there was a lot of Mandarin talk and another lady walked in Cindy said - excuse me I have a booking now and Lina will complete the massage for you . I said ok no problem (what else would I say)

Lina was friendly and continued the good massage getting into all the knots in my leg muscles 
It was nearly time up and Lina started massaging my groin and tackle and said - Do I like ?
So the answer was yes and I agreed to a $20 HJ
I turned over and let Lina massage my cock and balls . She did a great sensual slow moving technique. Just the way I like with a nice touch massaging my anus and under carriage 
Well after only about 2 min of this I blew everywhere. Lina laughed
She helped me clean up and said you can pay at the counter when you leave 
I dressed and paid on my way out . Lina was very nice and said see you next time - I will gladly come back $55 well spent 


My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)


