Floor: #1
Post Time: 27th September 2017, 07:09 AM
Poster ID: vimessir
Post Title: 
 Bella @ Saint Leona Massage, Shop 2/6-8 Pacific Highway, St Leonards NSW 2065
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Bella

Establishment : Saint Leona Massage

Date of Visit : 24/09/17

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Saint Leona Massage, Shop 2/6-8 Pacific Highway, St Leonards NSW 2065

Hours of Business : 7 days, til approx. 8pm

Rates : $70 / hr (+$60 for HJ / B2B

Age : mid-40;s

Size/shape : Average, small boobs, little tummy

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese / Hong Kong

Services Provided : Massage, HJ, B2B

Value for money/recommend? : Maybe?

My experience/comments :

I had been in touch with Bella a few months ago - she advertises through backpage and works through this shop. Finally had time to go in and meet her. Apparently there Wednesday -Sunday. She did mention she was going to HK for a 2 month holiday, in about a months time (towards end Oct I believe).

Led to massage room, one of those places with false walls and curtains between. Only other person was the boss (reviews elsewhere here I believe), and she was busy with another punter. In room, In room I advised I wanted the extras up front, and Bella told me $60 extra. Thought I'd give it a shot. I start face-down, Bella strips completely naked, and jumps on top and begin B2B, with random massage thrown in. And when I say random, I mean really random. Hard, soft, pushing, kneading - just all over the place. If you want at least some decent massage technique as part of your experience, Bella is not the one to see. I actually had a bit of a sore back by the end, but this could be because she was sitting on me for a decent amount of the time!

Little bits of tickle tackle, but not much really. Then the flip and Bella is open to playing with her boobs. Uses them to massage and again hops on top, then in to reverse position to give a good eyeful. Starts playing with the old fella and seems to enjoy what she does. Finally time to finish and she keeps going til every drop is out. 

In the end it was a reasonable experience, but you can find younger better looking girls for less that will do the same, and get a decent massage out of it at the same time. I may go back cos at least I know what I'm getting, but not going out o my way for it.


