Thread Title: Secrets of Sydney - Caringbah - 02 9525 7383
Floor: #1
Post Time: 16th September 2018, 03:59 PM
Poster ID: savour01
Post Title: 
 Secrets of Sydney - Caringbah - 02 9525 7383
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Natalie

Establishment : SoS

Date of Visit : September

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Natalie | Secrets Of Sydney

Phone : (02) 9525 7383

Hours of Business : Check website

Rates : $170 for 1/2

Age : Website says 22. 

Size/shape : Fairly short, carrying a bit extra but massive bolt ons. 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Brazillian

Services Provided : Massage + HJ

Value for money/recommend? : No

My experience/comments : Went after the footy the other week. Went in and said "Because you are wearing a jersey you can have $20 off". Sweet!

Met about 7 girls before I picked Natalie. I must say quality was down on previous times. 1 looked like she worked at cougar down, couple of asians, 1 blonde porn start look alike but was covered in tats and looked drugged out. So I settled on Natalie.

Natalie is from Brazil. She has massive bolt ons and looked fun. 

Get up the room and shower, she gets nude and then asks me to lay down. The hole your face goes in was massive. Like my head falls through. I thought she may put a towel or something where my forehead would go but nup. Ended up crossing my arms so I didn't spend the whole time keeping my head up.

She then proceeds to give the worst massage I've ever had. Was so soft, but not even the soft like tickling soft. Just the least amount of effort she could put in. Less than 5 mins in flip over and she starts playing with my dick straight away.

I was like wtf. And the softness continued, hardly any grip and just slowly going up and down. Eventually I ask can I grab her arse which was decent. I ran my hands over it and straight away "you can't touch my pussy". I ask to see it so she lays on top of my in 69 and continues the shitty hand job.

After a bit I was bored of looking at her pussy. Ask could I suck her tits. "No". She tries to do a body rub but it was very obvious she hasn't done it before/has no idea how to do it. Barely any contact with her body on mine.

So I just lay back and closed my eyes and let her pull me off. After a while it got soft. She was upset. I took over. I asked if I could cum on her tits. She suprisingly said yes and got on her knees and I blew on her big bolt ons.

No clean up just "ok jump in the shower now". And then done. She asked a few times was it alright? I just said yeh I guess. 

Definitely wouldn't see her again and wouldn't rush back based on the ladies I met this time. YMMV though.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 30th September 2018, 04:52 PM
Poster ID: firefox0303
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I find this place is a hit and miss as well. Last visit (over a year ago) went with a brunette Aussie that keep pushing extra ($50 for touching & $100 for BJ) throughout the session. Turn me off going there again. The interior is great though. I like that they have an extra holes on the massage table.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 30th December 2018, 01:25 PM
Poster ID: savour01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lauren

Establishment : SoS

Date of Visit : September

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 

Phone : (02) 9525 7383

Hours of Business : Check website

Rates : $130 for 1/2 (day time special)

Age : "Can I not say, I don't want you to think I was just with some old bird. I'd be about your age though"

Size/shape : Fairly short, big bolt ons, arse didn't look amazing from behind.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : Massage 

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : 

Met the 3 girls, first was Natalie (first review in this thread) and I was reminded how hot she looked but not making that mistake again. Lauren was pretty naughty "you look scared, you should be" "we will have lots of fun" and then Emily who was a hot red head. Didn't have the body the first 2 had (great legs though) but I'm more of a tits man so went for Lauren.

Get up to the room and she asks "do you like extras" and I said depends what they are. She said for $50 I do a really sexy surprise. I said I don't like surprises what is it? She said it will spoil it... back and forth a bit, flirty. Finished with "do you like touching me?". 

Start the massage face down, massaging legs and arse almost straight away. When doing my leg she will pick my foot up and put it between her tits or rub against her undies. Similar when she does arms. First time gets my hand and makes it run her. Second arm and she puts my hand inside her undies and makes me rub her pussy.

After a bit more of this she gets under the table (is one of the tables with a hole for your dick). She gets in 69 position so I'm looking at her pussy and shes rubbing my cock. She grabs my hand and lets me play with her. 

Gets out and I flip over. Lots of tits over my dick, sucking my nipples. She has a condom and I wondered what it'd be for. She opens it up and sticks a finger into it and then into my arse. I'm playing with myself and she plays with herself. After a bit she gets into 69 position so I can look at her pussy and arse and makes me blow all over her tits (and my leg and torso). 

She gets off, goes down to end of the massage table (I assume to get cloth to clean me up) but then starts giving me a foot massage. After a bit then massages my legs. Then she gets up and jumps into the shower. "Come and I'll wash your back".

There was dirty talk throughout, had a good chat while I was showering. Nice girl, if it didn't cost $50 extra I'd be there every week because it was one of the best massages I've had. But for an extra 50 I may wait a while. She lives interstate and only comes up for working holidays so not sure how long she is around for this time.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 3rd January 2020, 08:36 AM
Poster ID: Brightlightsbigcity
Post Title: 
 Chelsea - Secrets of Sydney - 18 Box Rd, Caringbah NSW 2229
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Chelsea

Establishment : Secrets of Sydney - 18 Box Rd, Caringbah NSW 2229

Date of Visit :  22/12/2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : erotic massage sydney, sexy massage sydney, nude massage

Phone : (02) 9525 7383

Hours of Business : 10am till late

Rates : $130 an hour (day time special discount) - 1/2 an hour

Age : 25 or there abouts

Size/shape : B cup, very slim and sporty

Nationality or Ethnicity :  Caucasian

Services Provided : Massage, HJ, CBJ

Value for money/recommend? : Definitely

My experience/comments :

Spent the day at the beach down at Bundeena and was feeling super horny from watching all the hotties in their tiny bikinis. Honestly, these bikinis seem to get tinier every summer. I love it! So I popped into SoS on the way home.

Met three girls. One was Latina and not really my speed. One was a larger girl and also very much not my speed. And met Chelsea, who was very much my speed. Goldilocks moment!

Chelsea is a super fit and sporty brunette. Gorgeous face. Model material. Ass like you would not believe. But toned from playing lots of soccer (she told me about this while we showered and made small talk) not from the gym and doing lots of squats. Legs for days. Absolute perfection. Only complaint is that she hasn't got much in the way of breasts. They're decent. But rather on the smaller B-cup side. But, to the fair, she's not got a lot of body fat. Super toned stomach and all that. So, big titties are unlikely on such a chasis unless their fakkies. And I'm not a fan of bolt-ons either.

Started with a back massage and some body sliding. Good pressure. Her body felt divine. Lots of teasing through the glory hole. Finger nails lightly scrapping my balls. Love that. Plenty of dirty talk in the ear. Asked me to turn over and then positioned her pussy inches away from my face. I was in heaven. Seem plenty of pussy in my time, and this one is up there with the most perfect I have seen. Tiny little thing. Neat little labia. Perfectly shaved like there was no hair there ever. She started kissing me all around my crotch and asked me if I'd like any extras. Playing coy for a bit of fun, I asked her what was on offer. She told me that CBJ was on option for $50 extra and FS for $150. Told her I was very much in the mood for a blow job. She hopped off and grabbed a condom. Told me I could give her the cash when we were done. Appreciated the trust.

She rolled the condom on with her mouth. Love that. Started nice and slow . She was crouched down the bottom of the massage table. I asked her to get on her knees so I could watch her suck my cock  better and also enjoy the sight of the back of her on her knees in the big mirror on the wall. She enthusiastically obliged.

She took more and more of my cock in her mouth. It was absolute heaven. Asked her if she could deep throat me. She looked up at me and told me shly she'd try. Almost blew my load right there and then. She gave it a red hot go and got almost the whole thing down her throat save for the last inch or so. I was struggling to hold back. Grabbed her gorgeous long brown hair in my hand and started face fucking her. As I got close I asked if I could cum on her face (thought I'd see if I could push my luck). She said no, she didn't do that, but I was welcome to cum anywhere else I liked. After a bit more face fucking, I pulled the condom off and told her to push her tits together and came on her chest. I was so weak at the knees after blowing my load that I almost collapsed. Bliss!

To top it all off she rubbed my cum into her tits while looking in the eye as I caught my breath.

We then showered together. Had a bit more of a chat. I gave her a tip and told her I would be back soon for a longer sesh and to enjoy some FS. She seemed excited about the prospect. And I fully intend to do so soon. I'll keep you good gents updated.


