Thread Title: Shelly - Chicago 382  - 0449 797 111
Floor: #1
Post Time: 10th September 2017, 04:15 AM
Poster ID: Hanskanns22
Post Title: 
 Shelly - Chicago 382  - 0449 797 111
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Shelly (sp?)

Establishment : Chicago 382

Date of Visit : September 8th

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : New Asian Adult Erotic Massage in Pitt St, Sydney CBD - 382 Chicago Massage , 382 Pitt St, Sydney CBD

Hours of Business : 9:30am–4:00am

Rates : $100 for 45 mins Remedial/ B2B massage

Age : 24 (according to her)

Size/shape: 1.66m, slim with bit of baby fat, natural B cup

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : B2B massage, FNHJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes, but personally will not repeat

My experience/comments : Walked down Pitt St and this parlor seemed intuitively like a good idea (there are a couple on the same block) after I quickly checked their website. 
Walked up the pair of stairs and was greeted by a tall, young-ish Chinese mamasan behind the desk of a wide open lobby area. 
Here's the short exchange we had: "you want massage?" 
"yeah, I take the 45 mins for $55". Needless to say the printouts on the wall had different, higher or lower (take a guess ) pricing. Mamasan pointed on her price list on the desk and asked 
"you've been here?" 
"yeah" 
"ok, I can give you $10 discount on this massage" - pointing on 1h massage (non-descript) for $130.
"how many girls are available?"
"4"
"ok, let's do the discount on the 45 mins." "ok". Came out to $100, whereas their website says $105.

We quickly walked up another flight of stairs, into a dimly lit hallway with 5-6 massage rooms on the left. In the room "you take off your clothes, girl will come, ok?" and off she went.

Some 3 minutes later, Shelly introduced herself, wearing a black and white summer dress. Face was not love at first sight  and also not at 2nd or 3rd and her dress was revealing a very normal figure with B cups, but she was bubbly and smiled. I sensed enthusiasm with her limited English. 

On the table and Shelly started massaging back, arms and legs with oil and some average skills and still being dressed. She has likely never learned it, but is also not opposed to touching. When she started massaging my legs and butt, the teasing of the inside of the legs began and she clearly knew what she was doing there. It was ok to touch her and she seemed to enjoy what she was doing - which also had a positive effect on my junior - unfortunately there was only a cutout for the face on the table. 

Off went her clothes after 25 mins in and she started rubbing her breasts with oil on my back. Her enthusiasm didn't seem to stop while I touched her as good as I could and she moved down to my ass crack to let her breast and fingers wander through it. My initial intuition didn't fail me, but the fingers stayed on the outside. 

Flipped over upon her request and she added a pillow on the massage table, which was a nice touch. Shelly got on the table again and proceeded with rubbing her tits on my stomach, teasing my cock with them, while initiating a mild moan. Moving upwards she came close to my face (no kissing except for on neck) and I fully massaged her ass and those natural shaped B cups of hers - which she seemed to enjoy. 

After another tits on cock rubbing, she slowly initiated the HJ, starting with my balls and seemingly being happy about the fully flagged mister down there. Good grip and variety of techniques from "the rotator" to the more sloppy up and down. Shelly did a bit of teasing, wouldn't call it edging (but with some practice she could) and then upon my command, she went the heavy route of forcing a release, which came (too) shortly thereafter - who am I kidding. At this stage Shelly was still semi lying on the table and was happy about the result on my stomach. Quick cleanup with warm towel, friendly goodbye and off I went.

Recommendation? Yes, Shelly was quite enthusiastic about providing a good service, knew some teasing tricks and solid HJ. However, conversation was limited and her face and body didn't really excite me. Thus, unlikely for me to repeat.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 10th September 2017, 04:44 AM
Poster ID: Hanskanns22
Post Title: 
 Mina (Thai) - Chicago 382 -  0449 797 111
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Mina

Establishment : Chicago 382

Date of Visit : September 9th

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : New Asian Adult Erotic Massage in Pitt St, Sydney CBD - 382 Chicago Massage , 382 Pitt St, Sydney CBD

Hours of Business : 9:30am–4:00am

Rates : $100 for 45 mins Remedial/ B2B massage

Age : didn't ask, maybe 23-28

Size/shape: 1.60m, slim, fit with C cup (man made)

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : B2B massage, FNHJ

Value for money/recommend? : No.

My experience/comments : After the good experience with Shelly the night before, I decided to sample other talent at Chicago 382. Walked up the pair of stairs and was greeted by same mamasan as before - this time with a light smirk. 

Program was obvious, but I asked for how many girls were available which she answered with "2 right now". Ok, off we went upstairs, different room, same setup with a dim light and paper covered (not the thin cheap one) table. I asked to see both girls and she replied "if you don't like first one, I send second". Sounded reasonable.

After 4 minutes waiting, Mina opened the door, without a smile (early warning sign ) but she made quite the impression in her tight and short orange dress. Shoulder length hair with a modern hair cut, relatively light skin (definitely lighter than most Thais) and the fit, tiny body revealed a pair of round, enhanced tits that almost sprung out of her dress. No need to call mamasan in this case. Completely different impression than Shelly the night before. Did I already get into the inner circle of talent at Chicago 382?

On the table and the disaster started. While trying some superficial conversation, Mina started rubbing some oil on my back, using her elbows and clearly without any plan. This continued for 30 minutes, with me getting more and more anxious and less and less exciting. By then I wholeheartedly knew that this was a blown opportunity. I looked up and asked Mina whether she was aware of B2B? Yes. After some more oil rubbing, she disappeared for 3 minutes to get hot towels and I did the flip. 

Mina undressed and I really liked what I saw: Her body was fit, almost no ass, but her tits were well-designed with solid dark brown nipples and made this body quite suitable for hot steamy sex (I wish..). I got excited again and that feeling was accentuated by a big, colorful tattoo that spanned across her fit underbelly and gave her quite the naughty look with those fake tits that totally didn't suit the tiny body. 

Yeah, but that was about it - talk about fantasy and reality. The distance was well kept by Mina and her light rubbing of her tits on my, now hard, cock was all to be had.  After 1 minute (ok 2 minutes max), she got off the table and started the HJ. I enjoyed roaming her butt and her fake tits that would have looked so nice in my face, oh, did I mention her bald, tiny pussy lips? However, this was not really exciting - too distant, no passion, complete lack of enthusiasm. If it wasn't for me staring at her pussy and tits, I wouldn't know who of us two was more eager for this to end. 

I asked Mina to take it slow and get some more B2B action going, but her answer was "oh, we're almost out of time - need to finish". What else did we expect at this stage - at least it was consistent. Ok, eyes wide open on the target (tits) and roaming her butt - there came the release. She got what she wanted, I was done. We were done. 

Quick cleanup with the now cold towel and I was on my way out. Mamasan wasn't around downstairs, so I had nobody to talk to. Lesson learned. 

Recommendation? No, definitely not. While Mina was great to look at, there was absolutely no enthusiasm and her service seemed well calculated (stretch time) and very distant. Not worth the money.


