Thread Title: Shu Xin Ge Health Massage - Richmond - 0415 132 911
Floor: #1
Post Time: 15th April 2019, 08:16 PM
Poster ID: FrankieLee
Post Title: 
 Shu Xin Ge Health Massage - Richmond - 0415 132 911
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Pretty sure she said it was Ying...

Establishment : Shu Xin Ge Health Massage

Date of Visit : 6/4/19

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Shop 5/16-20 East Market Street Richmond

Phone : 0415 132 911

Hours of Business : 9am - 8pm (on their FB site)

Rates : $55 an hour

Age : 35 or so.

Size/shape : Average build, not attractive. Didn't get nude nor did I ask

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Massage/Hand job

Value for money/recommend? : No

My experience/comments :

There's at least 3 or 4 Asian massage joints nearby so I've decided to try them all.

This one left me wishing I hadn't. I visited at about 3pm on a Saturday arvo, and the entrance is off to the side in a dingy little alleyway in between a Chinese and a Thai restaurant. It's a very Indiscrete entrance for those concerned. 

Opened the door and there's a couple of sketchy looking locals sitting in the waiting room hanging out - first sign of a poor experience to come.

Led into the room directly adjacent (there looks like there is one other room as well, but I didn't look too hard). Get into the room and the place is just a bit of a dive - all the way to the old chewing gum wedged into the corners of the walls!!

I'd already made the walk of shame into the alleyway so I figured I'd just persevere. And persevere I did - not an unfriendly lady, but certainly not showing a lot of interest.

The massage itself was actually pretty firm, but once the back and legs were worked on there was a call to flip over - none of the usual teasing that precedes it.

On my back and I'm massively disinterested by now and just wanting it to hurry up and be done - luckily she seemed to be of the same thinking, asked for $30 for the finish - a huge handful of oil later and she's pumping away like the lift-raft has a leak. I urged her to slow down a little.... thought about nicer things and eventually got over the line. A quick cleanup and she's done. Got dressed and headed out - the sketchy locals were nowhere to be seen so I guess they just pop in for a chinwag.

I couldn't possibly dig up any positives from his punt apart from the fact it was close by.


