Thread Title: Silky Massage - Town Hall Sydney - 0406 935 325
Floor: #1
Post Time: 24th December 2018, 06:04 PM
Poster ID: ausugnd
Post Title: 
 Silky Massage - Town Hall Sydney - 0406 935 325
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : None offered, Wasn't able to get a straight answer

Establishment : Silky Massage - Private Appt

Date of Visit : 25/11/2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://silkymassagesydney.com

Phone : 0406 935325

Hours of Business : 10am - Midnight

Rates : $200 1hr

Age : Mid 20s

Size/shape : Cute, petite with C cup tits that she kept bundled up

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian, MLC

Services Provided : Massage, Prostate Massage (FS was on the table but I didn't ask how much)

Value for money/recommend? : No

My experience/comments : 
I had seen this add pop up and in the interest of helping out my fellow man, I decided to TOFTT and check them out. Everything about their site screamed a good setup however after making the appointment and being directed to a private apartment near Town Hall, I was begging to suspect otherwise. The building was average, and I had to get into the lift and they pushed the call button for me to get out on the right floor. I headed in to find what was a typical small apartment, 2 doors closed and was pointed into the bedroom that had a bed and bedside table. Yep, this was just an apartment they operated out of. Nothing Fancy. 
When I asked my 'masseuse' her name, she just said 'yes yes', and pointed me into the bed top lie down. So I did. No shower or nothing! In what little experience I have had, the shower is a key definer between a quality establishment/operator and the cheap ones. Those that insist you take a shower first, even in the lower end establishments just have more care for themselves. Whats more, is that because I didn't seem to be paying for the FS option or interested in it, she kept her underwear on the whole time!!! No looking, seeing and she was far enough away that I couldn't even feel her tits!!!
The massage was as you would expect... Shit. Nothing special just the usual rubbing and prodding. The only difference here was that she offered a 'prostate massage'. Anyone who has had a look at some of my reviews might be able to guess that this is something I dont mind, and actually quite enjoy when done right. This time however... it was not... She stuck a finger in there, and whilst it felt good, it was like she had been told to do that, but didn't seem to know or care much more beyond that.
Look, I blew my load and walked out of there and left. I wont be back, knowing what I do now and knowing the quality I can find elsewhere.
All in all, whilst a review without a name has only limited functionality, hopefully the summary of the experience and the people behind the site give you something to go off. Seek out something better because between you and I (and everyone else on here) we all know there is something better out there!


