Thread Title: Sirs - 80 Erskine St, Sydney - 02 9299 7771
Floor: #1
Post Time: 22nd December 2014, 11:56 AM
Poster ID: hatmitzo
Post Title: 
 Sirs - 80 Erskine St, Sydney - 02 9299 7771
				
Post Content: 
Name : Zara
Venue : Sirs
Date : 10/12/14
Contact : 80 Erskine St Sydney, 92997771
Rate : $150 hour inclusive.
Age : 24/25
Nationality : I think Russian
Services : Awesome massage with nude body slide and rub with an exceptional happy happy happy ending
Value : Yep
My experience : In Sydney for business and decided to check this place out after a shit load of meetings.  One of my colleagues had recommended it.  He is a local and swears by it so i took his advice.  Rang the bell and was greeted by the madame.  She directed me to a room where i sat for about a minute.  She came back and told me that she will send some girls through for me to choose.  I saw about 5 girls before i settled on the is cracker black haired beauty Zara.  We went to the room where i paid her.  I undressed and had a shower and got myself relaxed.  I went the hour package and let me tell you this girl can massage.  the body slide and body rub were A++++++++++++ but the massage she gave as well told me she must have a background or she has been doing this job for a long long time.  after about 40 minutes of pure massage and body slide heaven she rolled me over and continued with the awesome work.  The cum shot was even better and being able to watch all this unfold on the mirrors mounted on the roof were just first class.  I will be back to visit next time im in Sydney for business.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 22nd December 2014, 12:09 PM
Poster ID: Elfang
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
http://www.sirs.com.au/location.php


Floor: #3
Post Time: 22nd December 2014, 02:39 PM
Poster ID: milkyjoe
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Price must be wrong it's 150 or 160 for half hour. Maybe you meant 250


Floor: #4
Post Time: 23rd December 2014, 05:20 PM
Poster ID: hatmitzo
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
It was roughly around 11pm - 11:30pm when i went in and im pretty sure i only handed over $150 for the hour.  I did go in after dinner and and a few drinks at the hotel but i dont think i was that intoxicated to get the price and time wrong.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 26th April 2015, 08:04 PM
Poster ID: Badjet
Post Title: 
 Monica - Sirs Massage Sydney - 9299 7771
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Monica

Establishment : Sirs Massage

Date of Visit : 21/03/2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 80 Erskine St, Sydney 9299 7771..About Us - Sirs - Best erotic massage experience in Sydney, High Class Erotic Massage Parlour | 2015-04-28

Hours of Business : 10am till late

Rates : 275 for 45 Mins

Age : 24

Size/shape : Slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian

Services Provided : RnT

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

I was in Sydney for a few days last month and paid a late night visit to Sirs. Selected Monica and from the moment she led me up the stairs, watching that sweet ass above me, I knew I'd made the right choice.

The room was very stylish with a nice shower and tub, and mirrors absolutely everywhere, including the ceiling. She has a lithe firm body and uses it to good effect throughout the amazing massage. The sight of her body moving on mine reflected in the mirror above drove me wild. She could have charged me just about anything for FS at that moment and I would have gladly paid, but sadly no extras were on offer. In spite of that I would still rate it as one of the sexiest massages I have ever enjoyed, and will be sure to return next time I'm in Sydney.Monica has a firm, toned body with numerous tattoos. Her breasts are also large and firm, likely with implants, but I didn't mind. The massage was sensual from the outset. The body slides came from all directions - forward, reverse, and sideways. As I said the view in the mirrors was phenomenal. She also uses her mouth to tease me - nibbling my ear and nipples, little kisses all over my body, sucking my fingers one by one whilst staring deep into my eyes.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 29th August 2016, 04:59 PM
Poster ID: Henry315
Post Title: 
 Charlotte - Sirs
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Charlotte

Establishment : Sirs

Date of Visit : 17/8/2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : About Us - Sirs - Best erotic massage experience in Sydney, High Class Erotic Massage Parlour | 2016-08-29

Hours of Business : 10am to 2am

Rates : $180 for 30 min

Age : 23

Size/shape : Slim 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : RNT

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

Went down to Sirs in the CBD last Wednesday during the day. Charlotte was first up in the line-up and amongst all the girls, I was tossing up between her and this Argentinian chick called Bella. In the end the blonde hair did it for me. Coughed up the money for 1/2 hour - $180!!Charlotte is a girl who's very slim and I loved following her up to from behind and checking out her rear. She did have long blonde hair and naturally I think she's a brunette as I could see it at her roots. She left me in the room instructed me to have a shower and after that she came back and told me to lie face down. When she came back she started immediately and gave me the option for oil and got started. For about the first 15 minutes she rubbed her hands down from my neck to the back of my legs and touched the back of the sack enough times to get me ready for the main show. Her massage was is sensual. Then she started with the body slides and when she finished asked me to flip myself over and continued the front body slides which were wonderful . At this stage my woody was roaring to go and she would alternate between some handjob and bodyslide until we had 5 minutes to go she just went into full handjob mode. I asked her if I could touch and she let me so I stroked her Perfect C cup breasts and legs just a little bit but didn't go too far with it. After I blew my load I had a shower, while I chucked my clothes on she did a naked cleaning of the shower - great view. All in all a great way to spend half an hour. Will be back to try out Bella and maybe Charlotte again.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 7th April 2017, 11:58 AM
Poster ID: ytrewq
Post Title: 
 Sirs -  Marina
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Marina

Establishment : Sirs Sydney CBD

Date of Visit : April 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : About Us - Sirs - Best erotic massage experience in Sydney, High Class Erotic Massage Parlour | 2017-04-06 

Hours of Business : 11am till late

Rates : $220 /45min

Age : Mid 30s 

Size/shape : C cup, slim, 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Russian/Estonian

Services Provided : Massage /extra on negotiation 

Value for money/recommend:Maybe 

I had some friends in from interstate and after a nice boys day out the talk quickly moved to what to do beforw dinner. Sirs was nearby so off we went

Fairly standard into although none of them really stood out as it was a quick walk in walk out of the tiny intro room they have. I guess they assume if you're in the door the strike rate is high

i chose the cute small Russian and odd to the room we went. a quick shower and onto the table

A very soft not so sensual masaage ensued and a fairly poor body slide. i think she had a belly ring as thats all i could feel scraping on me

flip over and no full front slide and onto a handjob. while the conversation was ok there wasnt much erotic about it or any flirting to try and get me to upgrade the experience. 

a small caress of her legs and very nice breasts but it didn't escalate further. she finished me off and into the shower on down the stairs. 

for the price i was underwhelmed but perhaps my view on value is off due to the thai/asain ML who can be more sensual 

for the price not for me id rather spend $250 and have an hour of FS with someone memorable like Jenna 

Sent from my Nexus 5 using Tapatalk


