Thread Title: Spoilers International - 126-128 Willoughby Rd, Crows Nest - 02 9906 2799
Floor: #1
Post Time: 10th March 2014, 01:42 PM
Poster ID: Subchris
Post Title: 
 Spoilers International - 126-128 Willoughby Rd, Crows Nest - 02 9906 2799
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Tanya

Establishment : Spoilers International

Date of Visit : December 2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : SPOILERS INTERNATIONAL

Rates : $150 45min (if I remember correctly)

Age : 40+

Size/shape : athletic

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian 

Services Provided : massage/body to body/ covered oral

Value for money/recommend? : no

My experience/comments : Dropped into this place a few months ago and chose Tanya from an average line up of 3 girls.

Tanya would be in her 40s or 50s, short dark hair and a fantastic body for a lady of her age. Her best features were her enormous fake boobs. 

Im not not exactly sure what I paid initially for 45min, but I do know that the service was all about extracting extras from me....

Everything seemed to be an extra including a body slide, which I thought was part of the service. If I remember correctly I paid $80 extra on top of the 45min rate for a body slide and covered oral.

I wont be returning to this establishment any time soon.

Chris


Floor: #2
Post Time: 25th January 2015, 09:20 AM
Poster ID: Pop
Post Title: 
 Spoilers International - Angeline
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Angeline

Establishment : Spoilers International

Date of Visit : Jan 2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : SPOILERS INTERNATIONAL

Rates : 60mins /$150

Age : Mid 40s

Size/shape : 8-10/C cups

Nationality or Ethnicity : Caucasian

Services Provided : RnT

Value for money/recommend? : Great massage but I won't return

My experience/comments: Decided to see Angeline based on a review I read of her and the fact that Spoilers is much cheaper than the other RnT places. Though you do get what you pay for – this place is pretty run down, especially compared to establishments like  Nirvana, Bodyrotic etc.

Made a booking to see her for 45 mins. Receptionist was very friendly and chatty. Waited about 10 mins for Angeline to arrive and to be honest my first impression was one of immense disappointment. The review and website description of her are very inaccurate. There is no way she is in her 30s – at best I would say mid 40s and wouldn't be surprised if she was late 40s.

Her face is pleasant, she is tall but her body is ok at best. Nice boobs but she has a bulging/flabby stomach and a fair degree of cellulite present. I feel bad stating all this as she is a really lovely lady and the massage exceeded my initial expectations but I guess there is no point to this review if I sugar coat everything. I can see she would've been smoking a couple of decades earlier but time has done its damage.
Anyway I resigned myself to the massage (really wishing I only booked for 30 mins!!) and I must say that Angeline really delivered. Super raunchy from the beginning with great use of the hole in the table, plenty of dirty talking, kisses up and down my body, sucking on my nipples and breathing into my ear. Once I got over my initial disappointment I have to admit it was a top notch RnT service wise. Flipped over and Angeline was a master at keeping me on the edge till the last minute, her tug technique was superb and I literally exploded all over the place. Clean-up was with a hot towel rub down which felt divine – Angeline really does provide a top-notch service and pays attention to all the little detail.

About halfway into the massage I was hit up for extras – CBJ, pussy play and fantasy fucking (not sure what this is exactly). I enquired about CBJ which was $50 extra; I declined as for me a rubber really ruins a blowjob. Normally I don't like being hit with the extras topic during the massage – it tends to ruin the whole erotic experience and really this topic should be dealt with at the very beginning. But Angeline did it very tactfully and surprisingly it didn't detract from the whole experience (still, it should be discussed by the massage begins – I guess some WLs think a punter is more likely to go for extras when he is all horny?).

So if you are looking for a fantastic RnT with an older lady who knows what she is doing then I highly recommend Angeline. But I won't be back – it sounds a bit shallow but being a young bloke I'm always after that elusive blend of young, hot and exceptional service. It's hard to find but can be done (e.g. Khiara at BR, Haylee at Nirvana, Claire at Bliss).


Floor: #3
Post Time: 21st December 2015, 02:07 PM
Poster ID: Mercurio56
Post Title: 
 Alexia - Spoilers International
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Alexia

Establishment : Spoilers International

Date of Visit : November 2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : http://www.spoilersinternational.com.au/index.asp

Hours of Business : 10:00 am - late

Rates : $150/hour massage

Age : early 40s

Size/shape : curvey

Nationality or Ethnicity : Caucasian

Services Provided : Massage + bodyslide/BJ

Value for money/recommend? : Not value of money )IMHO)

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

Gentlemen,

 After a very long, self-imposed absence I have returned to punting.

 I decided to visit an old haunt - Spoilers International..Yes it is  looking tired and yes, it is quite expensive for R&T, but I had  previously had excellent experieinces with other WLs there; Simone &  Tanya.

 Tanya is no longer there, so I decided to see what the other ladies  were like.  I met 2 ladies and decided to choose Alexia, a new  lady.  Reception promised me that she was a very good replacement to  Tanya, for those that like a more mature lady.


 Alexia is a very pretty lady who is new to the industry (her  statement).  She was very pleasant to meet and very enthusiastic.   Having said that, she is not, unfortunately, a masseuse.  Given that I  had paid for an hour massage; well lets just say that I don't think  massage was ever really going to be part of the visit.


 She was offering extras (now at $100)  and did produce a condom at  the point of discussing extras....but she was not clear (to me anyway)  on what was on offer.  As I had accepted the nude bodyslide and BJ  extras in the past, this is what I thought was on offer (albiet with a  price increase).


 So I did enjoy myself, but was disappointed.....no good massage (which  is what Tanya was great at) and the extras were...hmmmm  not as good as  I expected.


 Given that Tanya has left and that the excellent service I have  received in the past doesn't seem to be part of the formula anymore, I  don't think I will be back.  This is such a shame, as Spoliers used to  be such a great place (think Simone, Tanya, etc) in the past.

 Sorry to be negative, but I just wanted to share how I found things in what was once such a great place to visit.

 Regards,

 Mercurio


Floor: #4
Post Time: 21st December 2015, 02:43 PM
Poster ID: Blatchford
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Even one good review might tempt me back to Spoilers - it has been a disappointment for too long, now.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 30th January 2016, 09:27 AM
Poster ID: ryans1976
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I can't recall enough specifics to write a review. Will make sure I do next time.
It's a bit hit and miss, but more like hit, miss, miss, miss


Floor: #6
Post Time: 1st September 2016, 09:35 AM
Poster ID: ryans1976
Post Title: 
 Courtney - Spoiler International - Crows Nest
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Courtney

Establishment : Spoilers International - Crows nest

Date of Visit : 25/08/2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : http://www.spoilersinternational.com.au/

Hours of Business : 9am til Late

Rates : $150 an hour

Age : Late 20s

Size/shape : size 8, A Cup, Brown hair, pretty

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : Nude Massage, HJ, (extras bodyslide $50, CBJ $50, fingering $50 YMMV)

Value for money/recommend? : Yes...but not the extras

My experience/comments : 

Have been to spoilers a few times, tried various ladies here. Most are very pleasant, most do not do extras.
And when they do its pricey.
Place is pretty run down. damp issues. very dated decor.

Went in the late morning, usual short line up. 2 girls on.
Introduced and thought they both seemed pretty pleasant but courtney being more my style in terms of looks.

Into the room, into the shower all standard. Onto the table.
Pretty sensual soft rub with plenty of oil.
Got me pretty hard quick. Most of the rooms here have the cock hole (sometimes covered) and she makes full use.

She starts telling me about her extras, absolutely no pressure. But pretty much the 3, CBJ, pussy rubbing, bodyslide for $50 each. Managed to negotiate $100 for all 3. By the sound of this, like most extras YMMV.

Bodyslide was pretty awesome, both front and back. Good value

When I flipped I was rock hard. On with condom while rubbing her.. She didnt respond much to the rubbing.
CBJ was pretty average. HJ probably even better...anyway CBJ continued and I unloaded into the bag.

Overall good time had


