Thread Title: St. Ives Traditional Massage Therapy - 3 Denley Lane, St Ives - 9983 1596
Floor: #1
Post Time: 10th January 2018, 04:58 PM
Poster ID: Mercurio56
Post Title: 
 St. Ives Traditional Massage Therapy - 3 Denley Lane, St Ives - 9983 1596
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Ellie

Establishment : St. Ives Traditional Massage Therapy

Date of Visit : 9 January 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : (02) 9983 1596 / 3 Denley Lane, St Ives, NSW / No Web site 

Hours of Business : 10:00 am - 8:00 pm

Rates : $60/45 minutes (No FS)

Age : late 20s

Size/shape : 6-8

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese 

Services Provided : Massage

Value for money/recommend? :  Great Massage  

My experience/comments : 

Well I have the New Year Blues and decided that a massage would help me feel better.

Was trying to think of where to go and decided to stop by at this location to which I had not been for a number of years.

Why  hadn't I been there for some time, you may ask?  One reason as  there is  only one entrance and it is next to a busy dry cleaning  service.   Regardless, given that previous massages were pretty good, I  decided to  give it another go.

The Mamasan  has been there for  ages, but the decor had been worked on hard to make  it look like a legit  massage service.  Lots of certificates on the  wall and even a reference  to claiming my massage on HiCaps (which I did  not try).

I  went into one of the small main rooms and waited to see who would  come  in. I agreed to the 45 minute/$60 massage.  I was introduced to  Ellie, a  short, sweet and ok looking gal.  I asked about extras and was  told, in  broken English, that it was $50 for a nude hand-job, for  which I paid.

Elile  how I wanted my massage ad I replied "medium".  I was not  expecting  anything great on the massage side of things, but Ellie is a  really good  masseuse.  She soon had a lot of knots and tension removed  from my  back.  She did however remain fully clothed while I was on my  front.  I  imagine they do this just in caze they get raided (to keep up  an air of  legit business practices) and I couldn't see anything in  that position  anyway.

When she asked me to turn over to my back,  she removed the uniform she  was wearing and the plain black bra and  pants and proceeded to give my  front side a proper massage as well.

When  she decided it was time for the "happy ending", she came around  onto my  side and proceeded to give me soft, delicate kisses on my face  as she  took matters into her hands (so to speak).  Without bidding, she  moved  up to my head and proceeded to climb up onto the massage table,  over my  face and reached down for me again.  Not being one to pass up  this  offer, I immediately began kissing up her tummy towards her pussy.   She  must have like me, as she moved forward and presented her sweet  little  pussy to my probing tongue.  While she didn't reciprocate, she  did a  mighty fine job on me as I did a job on her.

Suffice it to say we both seemed to enjoy the end of our time together.

Elliie only works at St Ives on a Wednesday and I will definitely contemplate going back.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 11th January 2018, 08:49 PM
Poster ID: paunchy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
This place does have a website:   Home - St Ives Ocean Massage


Floor: #3
Post Time: 4th December 2018, 01:36 PM
Poster ID: ninja unicorm
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
St. Ives Traditional Massage Therapy - 3 Denley Lane, St Ives - 9983 1596
Person's Name : Julie

Establishment : St. Ives Traditional Massage Therapy

Date of Visit : 29.11.18

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : (02) 9983 1596 / 3 Denley Lane, St Ives, NSW 

Hours of Business : 10:00 am - 8:00 pm

Rates : $70 hr plus extras 

Age : early 20's

Size/shape : slim size 6, B cup

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese 

Services Provided : Massage, nude B2B, HE

Value for money/recommend? : yes 

My experience/comments :

Tried this place out after seeing it on my travels. Saw a guy walk up the stairs just before me so was hoping there'd be somene still available for me. Got to the top of the stairs and rang the bell, the mamasan answered and showed me in, pretty small place. She called out for Julie and and showed me into the room,got my gear off when got a knock on the door and in comes Julie, young attractive girl, bit hard to tell her figure with the uniform on but looked OK for now. 
 She started the massage with a towel over my back and stretched me out. She asked if I would like hard or soft and would I like oil... I ask for soft and yes to the oil. She started on my back and shoulders with an OK massage, a bit of elbow and forearm work, the usual sort of thing. After a little while she jumps up on the table and straddles my leg and commences on my lower back and bum. She then dismounts and applies some oil to my legs and starts on them, no real TT or arse play to speak off just a couple of slight glances of my balls while attending to my inner thighs.
 Once my legs were done she left to grab some hot towels and cleaned the oil off and asked me to turn over, at this point I was trying to scope out her body to see if the nude option would be worth it but hard to tell with the loose fitting uniform so I thought fuck it...might as well while I'm here, she offered the HE and then asked if I would like her to take off her clothes for $50, yes and yes please.
 She revealed a pretty tidy body and a nice set of B cups which she began to rub over me and my now hard dick while I played with her arse, a bit of kissing of my chest and nipples, I brought her up and tried to kiss her but her lips were off limits, a bit disappointing but ya win some ya lose some. No matter, I got her to come up a little further and gave her perky tits a suck and kiss for a while, she then got up and straddled me and ground her pussy on my cock while I squeezed her nice arse and had her titties in my mouth. She jumped off after a little while grabbed some oil and went to work on my dick while kissing my chest, I enquired if a suck was available but she just laughed that off, the ending was a little mechanical but not too bad. Got cleaned up and time was done.
 Nice relaxing massage with an OK ending, may go back and see what other girls they have.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 17th December 2018, 04:41 PM
Poster ID: Mercurio56
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Rachel

Establishment : St. Ives Traditional Massage Therapy

Date of Visit : December 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : St Ives Traditional Massage ? Welcome to St Ives Traditional Massage

Phone : 02 9983 1596

Hours of Business : 7 days: 10:00 am to 8:00 pm

Rates : $45/ 30 minutes

Age : 20s

Size/shape : Slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Massage + NHJ

Value for money/recommend? : yes

My experience/comments : I haven't been here for ages, as the entrance to this establishment is near a very busy shopping centre and you enter near a dry cleaners that is also very busy.

Dropped by on a Saturday as I was feeling quite horny.  Walked up the stair behind the screening and met by Joanne (the  proprietor).  She and the other girls all wear "uniforms' to make the place ook legitimate. asked if I had been before and answered yes.

Was shown in the room and asked for how long and I asked for 30 minutes, as you never know what you will get.  There is no parade of girls here, you get the next girl available.  Luckily it was a nice young lass called Rachel.

I discretely asked about extras...all that was offered was a nude and hand job for $50 on top of the $45 for the 30 minute massage.

Rachel is actually a pretty good masseuse, getting all of kinks out of my back.  When she asked me to roll over, I asked if touching was OK, to which she said yes.  Nice perky breasts with nice large nipples.  I was surprised to see she was fully shaven and didn's stop me touching the outside of her pretty pussy.

The remainder of the massage was good, with hot towels and a head massage to finish off the full 30 minutes.  Rachel only works on a Saturday and I will definitely try for a second visit.


