Floor: #1
Post Time: 22nd October 2015, 08:01 PM
Poster ID: Elric
Post Title: 
 Star Thai Body Therapy - Room 11 / 36 Sydney Rd, Manly -  02 9976 6400
				
Post Content: 
Not 100% sure of the name here. On some sites it's called Star Thai. On some it's called P'nara, or something similar. Google Maps thinks that this is Touch of Thai legit massage, but it ain't, that's elsewhere. 

Person's Name : Hani? I think she may have been trying to say "Honey", though. English wasn't her strong suit.
Establishment : Star Thai. Or something similar.
Date of Visit : Fri 16-Oct
Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 11 / 36 Sydney Rd, Manly. Star Thai Body Therapy business information in Room 11 36 Sydney Rd, Manly 2095 NSW - Business-Directory.OzPostcode.Com
Hours of Business : 10-9
Rates : $120/hr
Age : Early 20s
Size/shape : Curvy, A-cups
Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai
Services Provided : Massage, bodyside, RnT
Value for money/recommend? :  Yes!

My experience/comments : Entrance is around the corner. Up some stairs, past a couple of other dingy doors for law offices or web design firms or something, and then ring the bell for number 11 while other folks walk past going about their business. A Thai lady in a skimpy black dress cracks open the door and lets me in, keeping herself mostly hid behind the door. Discretion, I guess.

She takes me to one of a couple of pretty rough, but clean, rooms, asks me how long. I say an hour. She says $120. $120! I say. She says it's a very sexy body-to-body massage. Alright, I'm in. She's not too hot looking, but there's no choice, and I'm too horny to back out now. She asks if I want a shower first. I say yes, she excuses herself, I strip down, barely cover myself with the tiny towel, and she comes back to lead me to the shower room a couple of doors down. This is a bit dingy. I make the water hot.

Back in the room I lay down on the mat on the slightly raised floor and wait. A few moments later a girl comes in: younger, cuter, a little less round than the one who greeted me at the door. Excelsior!

She proceeds to give me a decent massage, working out the knots in my back and legs. I can see in the mirror that she's in black underwear while she does this. Her leg rubs move into tackle tickle territory, and we get to the rollover. She takes off her underwear, but continues to rub my legs, with my cock to the wind. Fine, it still feels good.

Then the sexy switch goes on. She starts oiling me up, sliding up over me, rubbing her small tits over my dick. She goes to work with her mouth, kissing my nipples and chest, and it's pretty hot. He moans are well-executed. She slides her ass up as I reach for it, and doesn't flinch as I rub my fingers over her pussy lips and then inside.

She sits astride my right leg, bucking her body, moaning, while stroking my cock and letting me rub her ass and pussy. It takes very little of this before I cum. A lot. She's a hot one. She smiles, and exclaims how much jazz there is. 

There was no rubbing afterwards; I think I got short-changed on my time a bit. And the place is a dump. But it was quite sexy and a great tug.


