Thread Title: Summer @ 227 North Strathfield
Floor: #1
Post Time: 2nd December 2018, 05:50 PM
Poster ID: asianlover1314
Post Title: 
 Summer @ 227 North Strathfield
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Summer

Establishment : 227 North Strathfield Massage

Date of Visit : Nov 2018 - when she first started at 227.

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :
wechat: twinklestar227 or ph: 97433401

Hours of Business : 10AM to 8PM

Rates :
30min - $40, 45min - $50, 60Min - $60, 90min - $95

Age : 20s

Size/shape : Petite, D cups (Enhanced, but I could be wrong), 168CM tall

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thailand

Services Provided : Massage, nude HJ ($50 tip)

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments :
Didnt expect to pay a visit to 227 again, saw on wechat a new Thai girl on roster. Sent a message on wechat - reception says yes new thai girl on roster - beautiful, sexy and good P1.

Description of Summer is a 21yo, hot and gorgeous, 168CM, DD Cup, beautiful face, tall and long legs. When I saw Summer - description of her is accurate IMO.

Arrived at the scheduled time, was told to go to Room 5. Surprised that Tina was at the front desk today, greeted/small chat with her than went into Room 5 to wait for Summer. Summer arrived 5min later, said that she was held up by previous customer. No problem! Summer is a stunning, pretty Thai girl, looks very young and has a very good body. The usual, hug and small chat to break the ice before the session start. Her English is very fluent thou.

Part 1:
Summer's part one is pretty good. Good strong pressure and hitting the right spots and making me feel pain - good pain. Very chatty during the session, talked alot about her home, why she came to Aus, places she been to and so on. Love a session where the ML is engaging with conversation. After about 20min of her massage, she said will be back with hot towel. 

Part 2:
After her wipe down, she starts her TT routine, as I turned around to look at her - she was already naked, wow that skinny tight body! Didnt know she already undressed. As her fingers are wondering all over me, I moved my hands all over her body while still face down but Summer has moved to the front of the table. Started to grab her sexy legs, nice tight bottom and slight touch around her kitty. Little bro at this stage is up and ready to be played with. Think Summer saw me being a little uncomfortable, motioned me to flip over. Finally I can see her beautiful body, she does have a tattoo around her tummy area, very interesting. Feeling her DD cuppas! enhanced IMO, but didnt ask Summer if it is real or not  still nice to hold and squeeze. Maybe you other bros can confirm . 
She was not really comfortable with me touching her kitty - might be true that she is new to this, not sure, she did mention she does legit massages in Thailand. I didn't push it just played with her D Cuppas, sexy bottom, petite waist and smooth skin and those sexy long legs. While I am exploring her body, she started tugging little bro, nothing too exciting here, just the usual HJ with oil. She does know how to tug Finally got me over the line. Summer cleaned me up and we have about 10min left on the clock so just asked her to chill and relax. Cuddle time with her is fun, very GFE. I kept trying to play with her kitty, but she is so cute - keeps giggling and says naughty naughty, i dun allow in her Thai accent. So CUTE! Hopefully next visit she will allow more play  Time is up, got dressed, hugged Summer and back to reality, shop exit.

Summer is a cute Thai girl, very GFE, treat her well and I think she will make the session very fun and interesting.

She is on the Thursday roster as per wechat. Happy punting bros!


