Thread Title: Sunny Massage and Waxing - Nth Sydney - 0416 386 854
Floor: #1
Post Time: 25th June 2016, 12:50 AM
Poster ID: Davicko9
Post Title: 
 Sunny Massage and Waxing - Nth Sydney - 0416 386 854
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jun

Establishment : Sunny Massage and Waxing

Date of Visit : 17/06/16

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0416 386 854 - Level 1, 83 Walker Street,                     North Sydney NSW, 2060 - Sunny massage - The best massage parlour in North Sydney

Hours of Business : 10:00am - 8:00pm

Rates : 30mins/$40, 45mins/$55, 60mins/$65 + $50 Nude HJ + $30 for Front Body Slide

Age : Late 20s-30s

Size/shape : Petite

Nationality or Ethnicity : Korean

Services Provided : HJ, Body Slide

Value for money/recommend? : Yes, tentatively.

My experience/comments : Almost walked straight past it. It's location is quite discreet for being on a pretty busy road. The entrance looks nothing more than an entrance to an upstairs office building or apartment complex.

Inside was an elderly man who immediately ushered me into a room which had the door still open. On observation, I noticed there were actually a fair number of rooms... and lot of them had closed doors.

Inside, and it's not exactly big but cozy-ish I suppose. I've seen worse and at least the walls go to the ceiling. Throughout the session I would only notice minimal outside noise which was a good thing. Sometimes it takes a while to organize a girl to come in, so I normally find I have time to fold my clothes and put them aside neatly. Was doing the final removing the sock hop and a brief knock and WHAM, in she comes and I'm basically naked apart from one sock.

[Insert crickets here]

Straight off I'm getting the Elsa vibe. Apart from the customary "Have you been here before?" there was little in the way of conversations. She WAS very pretty though, and in a lovely orange dress which I found myself fond of. I do love myself a good Ice Queen, but I really hoped she would warm up a little bit. Long story short, she didn't.

The massage itself was actually quite good. Not as hard as I normally liked it, but it was a genuine fair dinkum massage with elbows and kneading and walking and all that jazz. I was actually suitably impressed by it. I've come to the understanding that a good massage is really just a bonus, most places go for the rubbing and tugging and good day to you sir. The massage also included some head massage and finger massage. Not sure what the deal the finger cracking and what not, but it was different.

Flip over and she offers the nude HJ extra at the standard rate. I grab the wallet and am about to fork it out when she mentions that she also does a body slide, front and back priced as separate quantities. I give her the subtle once over and decided I found her attractive enough for a front slide. Off goes that fetching orange dress and WOW, what a set. Felt fake but I'm definitely not an expert in that department.

I've had body slides before, not normally by choice, it was just included in the standard extras so I just went with it. Normally a pretty average experience too. This one was pretty good though, with a lot of tonguing around my chest and kissing around my neck, where I'm very sensitive. She also pretended to ride me by putting her hand below her lady bits and moving up and down which was kind of nice as well. I was quite enjoying it, then she just stopped without a word, much to my disappointment.

Right after that... it's as vanilla as you can get. Just rubbing up and down... and combined with her icy attitude, it all just went downhill from there. As the experience went further and further south, it was clear nothing more was going to happen so she just finished up with some more massage which was very good as well. At the end, I mentioned I had been to Korea somewhat recently but she didn't really seem interested. If you like that ice, ice baby then you might enjoy it more than I did. It wasn't bad for the most part, just lacked that thrill at the end.

TL;DR - What a shame, she was hot too...


Floor: #2
Post Time: 25th June 2016, 02:40 AM
Poster ID: gilettemach3
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by Davicko9



Right after that... it's as vanilla as you can get. Just rubbing up and down... and combined with her icy attitude, it all just went downhill from there. As the experience went further and further south, it was clear nothing more was going to happen so she just finished up with some more massage which was very good as well. At the end, I mentioned I had been to Korea somewhat recently but she didn't really seem interested. If you like that ice, ice baby then you might enjoy it more than I did. It wasn't bad for the most part, just lacked that thrill at the end.

TL;DR - What a shame, she was hot too..
"""



I'm confused, did you get HJ or not?


Floor: #3
Post Time: 26th June 2016, 01:40 AM
Poster ID: Davicko9
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by gilettemach3


I'm confused, did you get HJ or not
"""



Yes, just not a very enjoyable one.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 28th June 2016, 03:54 PM
Poster ID: funnyredfrog
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Davicko

I think i saw her on the same day...

I have had good experiences at this place...but she was by far the worst......

$80 for a nude HJ...get real !

I opted against the body slide tax..the thing is she first said $50 for nude HJ...then after she collects the money she then says what this doesnt include and this  and that is extra $30...so thats a scam tactic (bait and switch)

worst $50 nude HJ ever...sour face...no action no participation

rubbish experience


Floor: #5
Post Time: 29th November 2016, 11:25 AM
Poster ID: Fatjim
Post Title: 
 Angela - Sunny, North Sydney - 0416 386 854
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Angela

Establishment : Sunny

Date of Visit : 24/11/16

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 83 Walker St, North Sydney NSW 2060 Mob. 0416 386 854

Hours of Business : 10am - 8pm

Rates : $65/hr + extra

Age : 25ish

Size/shape : 8/slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Viet

Services Provided : R&T

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments :

 I went to Sunny massage last week. It's situated right in the centre of N. Sydney, near the train station. I turned up with no appointment, and was shown around 5-6 beautiful girls.
I ended up with Angela, a stunning Vietnamese girl, and stayed with her for 60min. It set me back $65 plus some extra for R&T .She gave me a perfect full body massage. I felt like a new born afterwards.  I will be back.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 13th June 2017, 05:49 PM
Poster ID: jonpop
Post Title: 
 Sunny Massage  - North Sydney - 8957 7434 / 0416 386 854
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Rose

Establishment : Sunny Massage North Syd

Date of Visit : 19 May

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 83 Walker St North Sydney North Sydney Massage | North Sydney Asian Massage | Sunny Massage

Hours of Business : 10am till 8pm

Rates : $40 for 30mins

Age : Late 20's

Size/shape : B cup, chubby

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Massage ($40) & nude HJ ($50) 

Value for money/recommend? : Nope!

My experience/comments :

Usually this joint delivers some really nice girls but not this time. Rose is nice & friendly upfront, easy to get along with but thats where it ended. Massage was soft and didnt really get to any of the my muscles that needed some work. I do a decent amount of bike riding and swimming so a good massage (before the HJ part of the massage) is great for me. Saying that l need a good firm massage but Rose just didnt have the strength or skills to deliver. She even ended with soft tickled, which l quickly asked her to stop, cant stand that shit.

So l was pretty happy when she finally whispered in my ear to roll over, for a few reasons. She stripped off and l was pretty dissapointed to find she was fairly chubby with small Bcup tits. I dont mind a round girl but only if she's got decently sized tits to match.

It was clear pretty quick that Rose was a bit shy and didnt want to show much skin. So wasnt able to see any ass or pussy   She pretty much just stood in 1 point and turn her ass away any time l ran my hand over it. HJ was soft also so took me a while to finish. 

Learn from my lesson; If Rose is the only girl available come back at a time when another girl is.

This place has some smoking hot girls working there, best advise l cab give is call ahead and ask for a recommendation. Ive done this before and the manager has booked me in with some awesome girls


Floor: #7
Post Time: 14th October 2018, 09:12 PM
Poster ID: pyrakey
Post Title: 
 Lina - Sunny Massage North Sydney - 0416386854
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lina


Establishment : Sunny Massage


Date of Visit : 14/10/18


Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 83 Walker St, North Sydney North Sydney Massage - Enjoy Relax massage by Asian masseuses.


Phone : 0416 386 854


Hours of Business : 10am - 8pm


Rates : 60mins / $65 + $50 extra


Age : She said 20


Size/shape : not sure, B or C cups? firm


Nationality or Ethnicity : Vietnamese


Services Provided : HJ, BJ


Value for money/recommend? : Kind of


My experience/comments : My back was sore so I decided to get a massage. Reception was empty but within a minute, Lina came over and took me to a nice enough room. She was wearing an extremely short dress. 


She asked how long I wanted a massage for and if I wanted any extras. I asked what they were and she said HJ $50 and BJ $100 so I went for the HJ.


I undressed and she started with the massage. Very soft, not a lot of pressure but it still felt good.


We talked a lot and her English was good enough. She was asking questions and the flow was natural. She has been working there for 2 months.


She asked me to turn around, undressed and started the second part of the session.


I asked if I could touch her and she said yes. Her skin felt great and her body and boobs were firm.


Had an ok technique, felt a little beginner-ish but tried hard


At some point she asked if I wanted her to sit on me, I said yes and it ended up being a great idea!


She rubbed her clit against my balls while stroking me. She seemed to enjoy it, I surely did 


At some point I unloaded and she cleaned with some paper tissues and went to get hot towels, very hot towels!


Floor: #8
Post Time: 23rd October 2018, 12:01 PM
Poster ID: nefarious
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Anyone comment on the waxing side of the biz?

I'm due and as my private I would normally see for this, plus other pleasures appears to be MIA,  i am looking for recommendation on a good shop (or private) and the best to see at the shop.

Thx N


