Thread Title: Sunshine Massage - Wentworthville - 02 8810 4930
Floor: #1
Post Time: 28th April 2019, 11:32 AM
Poster ID: kasurwar
Post Title: 
 Sunshine Massage - Wentworthville - 02 8810 4930
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : anna

Establishment : sunshine massage Wentworthville

Date of Visit : March 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://m.locanto.com.au/sydney/ID_2...lax-Oasis.html

Phone : 88104930

Hours of Business : 10-7

Rates : $60+$50 for 1 hour

Age : 24-27

Size/shape : Slim B cups

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian probably Chinese

Services Provided : Good body massage + HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

This is one of the better massage places I've been to. Always get greeted well at the reception and all girls are very courteous and know how to do their job well. And the place is clean.

Coming to the day, like usual, I called up to ask if they're free and they told yes a couple of girls are available. So I made my way in about 20 minutes. By the time I reached, only Anna was free. She's a nice looking young girl with a slim body.

Started with the usuals, where I take off my clothes and lie facing down. Massage started from top to the bottom with nice firm hands. I wanted a good massage and got one from head to toe.

Onto the second part, she requests me to turn around and signals the HJ and mentions the extra charges, which I agree to. Off the clothes for her as well and she climbs onto the small bed with me and starts the HJ. She allows me to gently touch her all over and we talk a bit while she's stroking me. After a few minutes I'm done & she helps clean up.

on my way out 2-3 young girls were free and standing outside who greeted me goodbye. 

Overall I would rate the massage 7/10 and HJ 6/10. Ratings slightly on the lower side because I've been to better places, but still came out satisfied due to nice attitude of everyone in there.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 31st May 2019, 02:18 AM
Poster ID: kasurwar
Post Title: 
 Mia - Sunshine Massage, Wentworthville - 8810 4930
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Mia

Establishment : Sunshine Massage Wentworthville

Date of Visit : 29.05.2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Sunshine Massage - 0402 995 233 FIVE young and cute masseuses from 21 to 30 years old are working every day in Parramatta massage centre. They are strictly selected & professionally trained to provide our clients with high quality massage. - Sydney

Phone : (02) 8810 4930

Hours of Business : 10-8 (7:30 last booking)

Rates : $60 Massage ($30 or $50 or $70 extras for the usuals HJ or NHJ or B2B HJ)

Age : 28ish

Size/shape : Slim with Sexy B/C Cups

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Massage + B2B + HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes for Part 2. Part 1 could have been better.

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

Been to this shop a few times now. They've been around for about 3 or more years now. Always seem to have good looking girls with the right attitude.

Walked in about 630 PM, and got Mia who was the only one available at the time. Started with Part 1, first without oil & then with oil with nice soft hands. Although she covered everything from top to bottom, but I felt that she wasnt applying enough pressure as I enjoy the hard massage more. Even though I pointed out once to go a bit harder, but there wasnt much change. I didnt press much, because I probably was the last client for the day, and didnt want to press upon it if the girl was tired.

After part 1, moved on to Part 2, where was given the usual choices and I opted for the B2B+HJ for $70. Some people may think that one gets an FS for much cheaper that $60+$70, but I reckon, I enjoy the massage part more than the sex with a stranger & guess what, it is indeed much safer that ways too.

At first I thought that she wouldnt have a good body because she appeared to be skinny, but once the clothes were off & she started with the body to body, her boobs just got bigger & better, so I guess she got turned on a bit too! Which was quite good to see! Good amount of body contact which finally finished with a decent HJ where I ended up shooting a decent bit! Haha!

Good part about this place is that the girls actually pay attention to cleaning up as well, which is a big tick for me.

Will post shortly about one or two of my other experiences at this shop soon.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 31st May 2019, 02:30 AM
Poster ID: kasurwar
Post Title: 
 Patty @ Sunshine Massage
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Patty

Establishment : Sunshine Massage Wentworthville

Date of Visit : 24.09.2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Sunshine Massage - 0402 995 233 FIVE young and cute masseuses from 21 to 30 years old are working every day in Parramatta massage centre. They are strictly selected & professionally trained to provide our clients with high quality massage. - Sydney

(02) 8810 4930

Hours of Business : 10-8

Rates : $60/hr Massage + $70 B2B HJ

Age : 23-24

Size/shape : Slim with Firm B cups (Looked like they've been worked upon)

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Massage + B2B + HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes all the way!

This is one of my fav shops in the Parramatta area as its not in the middle of the hustle & bustle & they always have great girls. Parking is quite easy too at Dan Murphy's next to it.

Walked in late on Friday evening, hoping that they would accept me as the last appointment at 720 PM, and they did! As soon as I entered a quite pretty girl welcomed me in a nice black dress & i hoped it would be great if I got her as my masseuse for the day. But soon after 2-3 other girls also greeted me who werent bad either. I was shown the room by another girl and I thought may be she'd be the one I get. Since I've always had good experience here, I wasnt too fussed about who I got.

So withough much ado, got me self out of my clothes & lied facing down. Girl walked in, but I didnt bother to look up who she is. Massage started with nice firm hands moving from bottom to top with her getting her knees to crack the knuckles off my entire body & it was great. Somewhere in my mind, I thought that this cannot be the same girl I met first as usually pretty girls are not very good with Part 1, but only Part 2.

Anyways, after without oil, massage started with oil & it was again with great pressure which I quite like.

After about 40-45 minutes, teasing started I was asked to turn around. And to my pleasure it was the same girl in black dress who greeted me first! And she asked whether I would like to get HJ, NHJ or B2B, I opted for the latter for $70. Tried my luck asking if she would do a CBJ, but she said she never does that. Which was fine by me.

If I would give massage a 7.5, I would give the B2B an 8.5, as she didnt have to use her hands to make me cum, she managed to do that with her body alone, which was pretty awesome!

Overall a great experience. While I would have loved to come back & see Patty again, I am leaving Sydney for a while, so hoping I get to bump into her somewhere else sometime later!


Floor: #4
Post Time: 15th June 2019, 12:48 PM
Poster ID: Jamesremus
Post Title: 
 Sunshine Massage, Wentworthville, NSW - (02)8810 4930
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Anita

Establishment : Sunshine Massage

Date of Visit : June 

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : http://parramattamassaging.com.auPhone :

Hours of Business : 10am  - 8pm 

Rates : $40 for 30mins (+$50 extra) 

Age : Late 20's

Size/shape : Slim, but had amazing d-cup breasts! 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Indian 

Services Provided : Massage 

Value for money/recommend? : Yes, I would recommend you try it out... however, I doubt I will return. 

My experience/comments : I was welcomed by two scantly dressed girls at the reception desk and quickly ushered into a large, but comfortable massage room. I had booked a sessions with Anita (Indian), as establishment advertisements had indicated Asian and Indian massage therapist were available. I was welcomed by Anita, we agreed on a 30 minute massage and I paid upfront. Upon return, Anita asked If I wanted extra's (nude massage and a HJ), for an additional $50. I agreed, Anita is quite attractive and I was certainly eager to see more of her. I undressed and the service began as Anita massaged by back, legs, etc for about 10 minutes or (a poor to average massage) which included a gentle tickle of my under carriage... 

However, everything quickly become much more exciting when I was asked to 'roll over'. I must say, I loved watching Anita undress as she revealed her sexy body, I was infatuated by her breasts, they were so lovely and perky, her nipples were soft, beautiful and hard. I was talk that I could touch, rub, etc but no finger inside (she was quite strict about that). I began slowly touching her body. I slowly kissed and playfully sucked her nipples. Anita was very welcoming as she stroked my cock and encouraged me to continue enjoying her body. I eventually climaxed was was cleaned up (although not very well and needed to request a couple of tissues afterwards). There was a slight mechanical element to the HJ, although it's always difficult to speak to negatively about a HJ I would of preferred a slightly more slower/sensual process than the rushed ending she provided. 

The sessions conclusion did feel a little 'routine' as you could sense Anita wanted to wrap it up and move along. The sessions ended with a routine, nothing to speak to highly about massage of my legs and back.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 6th October 2019, 12:50 AM
Poster ID: qgabs001
Post Title: 
 Candy - Sunshine Massage Shop 3/357-359 Great Western Hwy, Wentworthville NSW
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Candy (or Cindy)


Establishment : Sunshine Massage


Date of Visit : 06/10/2019


Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0402 995 233 / 02 8810 4930 / Sunshine Massage - 0402 995 233 FIVE young and cute masseuses from 21 to 30 years old are working every day in Parramatta massage centre. They are strictly selected & professionally trained to provide our clients with high quality massage. - Sydney


Phone : 02 8810 4930 / 0402 995 233


Hours of Business : 10am till 8pm


Rates : 30/$35, 45/$50 60/$60


Age : Late 20


Size/shape : C cup, curvy


Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese


Services Provided : CBJ, FS


Value for money/recommend? : Yes


My experience/comments :


Called and was told three girls on but when i arrived only Candy was available. First time here so didn't have high expectations. Candy came in and she is a curvy stunner. Big and bountiful came to mind because her top was straining from  her large globes and bonus she speaks English very well. Proceeded with a very capable massage and got a lot of the kinks out of my troublesome back and shoulders and tbh it was very relaxing. The only downer was the room was on the highway side of the building and quite noisy. Luckily they have floor length heavy curtains which were secured so folks walking past from the Dan Murphy's didn't get a look in. 


Hot towel then flip over time. Extras definitely on and negotiated a nude HJ and the watched her peel off her top to reveal a pair of firm tits with nice round aerolas. Candy is curvy but firm and not flabby. I complimented her and that seemed to warm her up. She climbed on the table and lay next to me and started a gentle and unrushed HJ. Pure bliss. I asked if could kiss and play with her tits and she pushed them up for me to suck on. I teased her with some caressing and feather light touches on her thighs and trimmed puss. As i started getting hotter she started whispering in my ear saying I wished i could fuck her. She was right about that because i had asked about FS but alas thats not on the table. What a tease!


Soon i was ready to blast and she jumped off the table and finished me off. After a quick clean up she used the remaining time for a head massage before wrapping up. Luckily traffic was slow when i left via the front door. That location isnt the greatest for being discreet but for another go at Candy/Cindy, I'd take the risk. 


QG


