Thread Title: Susan and Cici - Enfield Massage - 0405 320 602
Floor: #1
Post Time: 4th December 2017, 10:13 AM
Poster ID: SC88
Post Title: 
 Susan and Cici - Enfield Massage - 0405 320 602
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Susan and Cici

Establishment : Enfield Massage. 

Date of Visit : 20/11/2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 176 Liverpool Road, Enfield NSW 2194. ???? ENFIELD & LIDCOMBE Massage, New Cute and Beautiful Masseuses! Fr $35 ???? - Australia body rubs - cracker.com.au

Hours of Business : 9:30am - 7:30pm, 7 days a week. 

Rates : Advertised as $45 for 45 minutes but ended up being $90 per girl for nude massage + happy ending. 

Age : 35 - 40

Size/shape : Both medium height. Susan was a bit chubby, Cici was quite well-toned/athletic with fake tits. 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Nude double massage with handjob at end. 

Value for money/recommend? : Yes!

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

Have been visiting this place on and off for a while but I thought I'd share one of my more memorable experiences. 

I was greeted by Susan at the door who is a Chinese lady in her later 30s. Reasonably pleasant face, though not strikingly beautiful. She's a bit chubby and has B/C cup boobs. Went into the massage room which was clean though a bit cramped, as is often the case with these types of shops. Requested a nude massage with happy ending and was offered $90 for 45 minutes. I decided to inquire about the possibility of a double massage and to my luck, she said she had a friend that could come in and help!

In walked Cici who was in her late 30s. She's a bit more tanned and athletic than Susan with a nice pair of fake boobs. The three of us wasted no time in getting rid of our garments and began engaging in some kissing and soon enough, our hands started exploring each others bodies. A real highlight was having both girls bending over the massage table and presenting their curvaceous booties for me to admire and run my hands over. What worked particularly well was the contrasting personalities of the 2 girls. Susan was more on the shy side whilst Cici was quite chatty and energetic. Although the two girls weren't exactly providing a lesbian type service, they worked well enough. 

We then moved on to DATY which girl taking her turn on the massage table. I don't what it was but Cici had a particularly tasty pussy. Perhaps the best moment was when I was fingering Susan on the massage table whilst Cici pressed her body into my back and rubbed my cock vigorously as though nothing else was more important. The show finished with both girls standing on either side of me with me lying down, finishing me off with a handjob whilst I explored both their bodies. Both girls were happy with me stroking their pussy and fingering them which added to the quality of the service.

Overall a fantastic time with 2 lovely ladies, both of whom had divergent personalities which added to the overall experience. I was lucky to get both girls at the same time as it was a quiet Monday morning. Their roster seems to change quite a bit so your luck may vary although I have had a couple of other double services with other girls at the same venue.


