Thread Title: Thai massage - 2 Union St, Newcastle - 0466 068 844
Floor: #1
Post Time: 30th March 2018, 03:45 PM
Poster ID: mikey191
Post Title: 
 Thai massage - 2 Union St, Newcastle - 0466 068 844
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : June

Establishment : 2 Union St, Newcastle (no name really, the place is just sign written as "Thai Massage")  

Date of Visit : March 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : struggling to find any info other than the address... If there was a phone number on the signs I didn't see it, and Google is giving me nothing

Hours of Business : 10am-8pm I think, and she said she works most days

Rates : $100/hr including HJ, YMMV on additional extras

Age : I didn't ask, guessing late 20s/early 30s give or take 

Size/shape : shortish (maybe 5'6"), little bit  chunky but in a good way, guessing size 8 or so, little tummy but very firm all over, nice fake tits, CRACKING arse

Nationality or Ethnicity : thai

Services Provided : amazing oil massage, HJ, nude and seems some extras available but YMMV (see below) 

Value for money/recommend? : absolutely, it was sensational 

My experience/comments :

Part of my job involves driving around a lot and I've been eyeing this place off for a while but never had a chance to get in there... A couple of weeks ago I drove past and there was this lovely looking girl out front having a smoke so I made a mental note to drop in sometime.. I was driving around again on the day of the punt and saw her again, had a bit of time so decided to give her a try. I parked up down the road and walked to the door... Fist (and probably only) bad point is the entrance is SUPER conspicuous, located right at a bus stop, and they keep the door locked so you've got to wait for them to answer the doorbell. 

The girl who I'd seen earlier (who turned out to be named June) answered the door and she looked great up close too... She's a bit chunkier than I usually like but lately I've sort of had a thing for slightly curvier girls provided they're still tight and toned... Fat girls have never done anything for me but June definitely doesn't fit into that category. She's wearing a pair of jeans shorts and a black shirt which is pretty hot too, I've also started to dig MLs that dress in fairly casual gear and her arse was popping in these little shorts...

So in I go, give her $100 for the hour, get nekkid and lie down. She comes back and starts her massage which turns out to be lovely... A great combination of flowing hand movements, and hard pressure from her forearms and elbows. Each time she goes past my arse she gives my balls a lovely little tickle and giggles, no doubt where this is heading! She works her way all around me, getting every little spot, then finishes that up with a fantastic foot massage using a lotion rather than oil. During all of this, the doorbell rings once and she completely ignores it which is nice, feels like I've got her attention 100%.

Time for the flip at about the 30min mark and I'm pretty hard, but she starts on a great frontside massage which goes for a while and involves quite a lot of playing with the old fella along with a chest massage from above my head that involved a lot of pressing her rack into my face... Awesome. After a while she seamlessly and very seductively transitions to a HJ so I start playing with her gorgeous arse... After a while she offers to get nude for $50 which I can't help but agree to haha. Note: HJ is included in the $100 price if you're happy with her being clothed. It's absolutely worth the extra though, believe me 