Thread Title: Tokio Massage - 380 Sussex street Haymarket - 0402 236 192
Floor: #1
Post Time: 6th April 2019, 02:17 PM
Poster ID: Ozziesam
Post Title: 
 Tokio Massage - 380 Sussex street Haymarket - 0402 236 192
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Natsu

Establishment : Tokio

Date of Visit : mid March 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 

Phone :0402236192

Hours of Business : 

Rates : $70 + tips

Age : mid 20s

Size/shape : 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Japanese

Services Provided : massage + b2b + Spanish

Value for money/recommend? : Absolutely

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

Natsu is a busty Japanese girl with pretty good I took the 1 hour option and headed up to the room.

I lay on the massage table for the massage. The first part of the massage is performed clothed (not bothered with that as you are face down anyway). Natsu was very pleasant to look at and talk too, but her massage could be improved. Natsu's hard massage was not that good, it really was just her oiling my back and then rubbing her hands up and down my back. There was no therapeutic value to this at all and really only served to make us both hot. 

Natsu then proceeded to my legs where the process was replicated. Again no therapeutic value. I thought that perhaps this is where some of the erotic massage would start, but there was no fun ball and tackle play. Just rubbing oil up and down my leg. This went on for a good 20 minutes or so?

There was one touch near the groin area, which I am sure was accidental as there was no more groin play for awhile. Eventually though the touches become more regular and the erotic part started. Natsu's  erotic massage was not bad though. Was asked to turn over and Natsu then stripped to show a really nice fit and firm body. There was a sensual body to body before Lina started to work her magic with those busty tits. I came in Spanish in-between those magnificent assets of hers and Natsu cleaned me up.

Walked out from the shop a happy man 😀


Floor: #2
Post Time: 22nd August 2019, 10:56 PM
Poster ID: Njord33
Post Title: 
 Tokio Massage - 380 Sussex Steet - Sakura
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sakura

Establishment : Tokio Studio Massage

Date of Visit : mid August 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 380 Sussex Street, Haymarket

Phone : 0402236192 

Hours of Business : Mon-Fri 10am to 10pm & Sat & Sun 1pm to 10pm

Rates : 30mins - $40 + tips

Age : 22-25 (estimate)

Size/shape : Short and Curvy

Nationality or Ethnicity : Japanese

Services Provided : Massage, B2B and NHJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : Dropped down to Tokio Studio after work and I like that even though it is on a busy street it is still a relatively discreet shop.

I went up to the reception and paid for a 30 minute massage and was shown to a room. I only had to wait for about a minute before Sakura came in and introduce herself. She has a curvy but firm body and definitely not fat.

Sakura is quite outgoing and opened up when I started to converse with her in my limited Japanese. We proceeded with the first part of the massage and I asked for no oil as I dislike oil massages when you don't have a hot shower available to wash it all off. Her massage was hard and therapeutic, she focused on the neck and shoulder areas when she felt that it was tight around that region.

After this had finished she took off her clothes to reveal a nice big rack and started her B2B routine. It was very erotic and soon she told me to turn over and it didn't take too long for me to get over the line. 

I note that Sakura will be going on holiday and may not be back until later in the year. 

I definitely left a lot looser and very relaxed


Floor: #3
Post Time: 12th October 2019, 04:18 PM
Poster ID: Apha1401
Post Title: 
 Lily - Tokiostudio
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lily

Establishment : Tokiostudio

Date of Visit : October 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : wechat: tokyodtudiosyd

Phone : 0402 236 192

Hours of Business : 10:00 - 20:00

Rates : 40/30  65/60  + tips

Age : 29-30

Size/shape : plump + hour glass (think busty JAV build)

Nationality or Ethnicity : Japanese

Services Provided : massage, b2b, nhj to finish

Value for money/recommend? : Yes++

My experience/comments : Used to go to tokiostudios old establishment thairapeutic and enjoyed a few sessions with Lily. Recently a mate has mentioned an all japanese joint and lo and behold, I see Lily on the roster. Very competent therapist as she is qualified as a RMT so part 1 is of the highest standard. Part 2 is slow, sensual and special - oil is lathered onto her appendages and cooch for smooth sliding on the pole. She presents with DD cups which are plentiful to swallow up my pickle. Pricing starts at 30 for hj, 50 nhj, 70 for b2b slide. She does not offer BJ or FS - unless one of you bros get lucky, please let me know. She ticks all the boxes to satisfy your real life JAV experience - just need to transfer this fine woman to soaplands.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 22nd October 2019, 06:32 PM
Poster ID: dhall
Post Title: 
 Nice and friendly massage at Tokio Studio
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Natsu

Establishment : Tokio Studio

Date of Visit : 8/10/2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Level 2 , 378 Sussex st Sydney 

Phone : 0402236192

Hours of Business : Monday to Sunday 10am to 10pm

Rates : 15mins/$20, 30mins/$40, 45mins/$55, 60mins/$65

Age : My guess is between 24-26

Size/shape : Short with nice size c cups and curvy bottom 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Japanese 


Services Provided : B2B, nude HJ, CBJ, FS

Value for money/recommend? : Yes!

My experience/comments: Was needing a pick me up after a hard morning at work. Was checking the usuals via WeChat but could not find anyone that excited me. 

Realising I was only a block away from Tokio Studio I decided to pop in to see what was on offer. I don’t know why I don’t go there often cause most of the times I visit I was come away super satisfied with the girls and service provided. 


Walked up to the top floor where the shop is located and was greeted by a friendly girl at the counter. Asked me how long I wanted and I told her 30 minutes. From my past encounters at this shop, the person that always greets me almost always ends up being the girl assigned to me. I’m sure you can request a line up. But l have no asked for one. 


Was directed to the nearest available room and told to get myself ready while she went to get her kit. I proceeded to disrobe and parked myself face down on to the massage table.  Natsu entered the room a couple of minutes later and proceeded to part one of the massage. You can tell she has some experience in the massage department as she hit some spots in my back which needed to be hit. 


After only 10 minutes she briefly stopped the massage and asked if I have been to the shop before in which I replied I have. She then asked me if I would like any extras. I said for sure and asked what was available that day. She proceeded to offer B2B or FS. As I didn’t really feel like doing any work that day I chose B2B. She nodded and proceeded to slowly to remove her top and shorts. Light tickle massage followed which I told her was not my preference as I was super ticklish. She laughed at that and told me to flip over. She then removed her bra and panties revealing a rather nice size rack with dark nipples. She was nicely trimmed in her lower regions with a very ample and squeezable bottom. 


She then mounted the table and slowly started her B2B. She started from toes and slowly worked her a way to my slowly hardening cock. Along the way she would make sure to brush her nipples from toe to cock. She slowly worked her body up to my face and lightly pressed her boobs into my face. This of course invited to take it a mouthful a nipple into my mouth. While all this was happening I was slowly massaging her ass with both of my hands and worked my right hand towards her butthole. Anal play was gladly accepted. Not only teasing the anus but full insertion of a finger was more than welcomed. At this stage she decided to flip over and work her boobs and my cock and gave my a full view of her asshole and pussy which my fingers gladly played with. Again teasing and insertion was welcomed. 


At this stage I was really getting worked up and asked her to stop for a moment and enquired if CBJ was on the cards. She said yes and for an extra $20. So I told sure thing. She proceeded to take out a condom from her kit and started a nice slow CBJ. Her method was pretty thorough. Not a lot of styles points but she got the job done. At this point after a solid 5 mins of head I was ready to blow. Told her I wanted to cum on her and allowed. She removed the condom and I proceeded to empty on her thighs. 


All in all I was probably one of the best experiences I’ve had at this particular shop. Natsu is sure a keeper and is more than willing to give the extra mile.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 26th October 2019, 09:00 AM
Poster ID: downthelane
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by dhall


She then asked me if I would like any extras. I said for sure and asked what was available that day. She proceeded to offer B2B or FS
"""



Thanks. What did she ask for B2B and FS?


Floor: #6
Post Time: 30th October 2019, 07:58 PM
Poster ID: TROLLZER4000
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by dhall


She proceeded to offer B2B or FS
"""



I'm curious as well, how much extra was B2B or FS?


