Thread Title: Tranquility massage - Miranda - 0424 599 227
Floor: #1
Post Time: 7th March 2020, 06:06 PM
Poster ID: jonnydang77
Post Title: 
 Tranquility Massage Miranda
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name :  Lucky

Establishment :  Tranquility Massage Miranda NSW

Date of Visit :  A Sunday mid-late in February

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Shop 2, Level 2/591 Kingsway,Miranda NSW

Phone : 0424599227

Hours of Business : Mon-Sun from 10am to 9pm

Rates : 
30min – $40
45min – $55
60min – $65

Age : 40's

Size/shape : shoulder length brown hair, size 10 solid build with curves, B-C cup breasts, trimmed pussy, small tat on left ankle, smooth yellowish skin.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Singaporean (possibly Malaysian)

Services Provided : Therapeutic Rub + Tug

Value for money/recommend? : Yep.

My experience/comments : 
Was in the Westfields Miranda area and before heading off to the cinemas I decided to check out the Thai massage place across the road from KFC - the neon "open" sign was still lit; a good sign. Buzz the door and a Thai LB opens the door. I was taken aback as she looked more like a lady-man than a lady-boy. She was wearing a short floral dress, not much in terms in tits, lots of facial makeup and a wig. Not my cup of tea so I asked if there were any legit Thai  ladies available for a massage but he said they had all gone home for the day.

The Kingsway is littered with Asian Massage shops at least half a dozen or so along the main drag. So I headed a few hundred meters down the road and popped into one of the other massage shops. The shop is located on level 2, directly above the Chemist warehouse franchise. As you make your way up the flight of stairs there's a gamer's and tattoo shop located on level 1.

I enter the premises and setup looks pretty clean, there's pipe music playing in the background and several framed pictures of naken women (a good sign). An Asian lady leaps out of the counter and greets me. Her name is Lucky a size 10, with a stocky/solid but curvaceous build and carries it in a sexy MILFY kind of way, she's in her 40's has B-C cups breasts with long nipples and has a trimmed pussy, she has a small butterfly tattoo on her left ankle, has a meaty round arse which she doesn't mind being spanked/grabbed. She has shoulder length brown hair and a friendly and chatty demeanor to boot. 

She was wearing a very short skirt, which barely covered her sexy G string underneath. Her white top had a few top buttons undone revealing a more than ample bust and a lacy bra.It was obvious her bra was too small for her breasts and I could just make the top of her aeroleas and semi erect nipples protruding through the layers of garments she had on. Whilst she's not young nor has the body of a catwalk model she has that voluptuous MILFY look and flirtatious demeanor that wants to be bent over the massage table and banged senseless.

I paid for an hour massage (by card), told her to focus on the upper and lower back and spend some quality time on the arse and thighs and work the back of the legs, the soles of the feet and the inner thighs near the scrotum .....Just what the doctor ordered.

The rooms and surroundings are clean, the massage table neatly done up. I stripped, laid on the table face down and she got to work and I was surprised at how good she was - she has ample experience  in massaging. She has a good massage technique and knows when to use her palms, fingers and thumbs, and when to throw in elbows for that solid massage. 

Lucky is quite chatty and friendly and can converse on almost any topic, so the hour massage went by fairly quick. She has a good sense of humour and will playfully joke around as she massages your body whilst stroking your scrotum and anus....I reckon more could be on offer for the right punter and the right price....for me it wasn't to be.

Three quarters into the massage she hinted and suggested a happy ending and we agreed on a tug (cash money) with no top on. She took her top off and while I played with her tits she began putting some shine on the warrior of love. She knows how to stroke and stimulate a cock and teased my scrotum like there was no tomorrow.

I asked her to climb onto the massage table so we could explore each other more intimately. The foreplay continued for a further 5-10mins. I was coiled up in a fetal position and like a newborn began sucking on those juicy tits, with one hand on her tit pinching and twisting her nipples and the other grabbing and squeezing her arse desperately trying to finger her pussy from behind/underneath. I wasn't long before I exploded like Mt Vesuvius leaving total carnage on the massage table and spraying traces of cum on her tummy. At one point she cupped her hand over the head of my cock to stop the spillage and overflow. Any more cum and HAZMAT would've had to come in to clean up.

Lucky works weekends and a few days during the week. Best to call the shop directly for the days she's rostered.


