Thread Title: Trina - Sussex St, Sydney
Floor: #1
Post Time: 20th November 2015, 06:20 PM
Poster ID: slyguy007
Post Title: 
 Trina - Sussex St, Sydney
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name:Trina

Establishment: private

Date of Visit: 05/06/2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: Phone 0403 567 003

Hours of Business: Most days

Rates:$120/ half hr   200/hr

Age:25-30

Size/shape:Slim but curvy

Nationality or Ethnicity: Caucasian/euro/kiwi

Services Provided: massage / happy ending 

Value for money/recommend?: Great value, very attractive, unrushed - highly recommended

My experience/comments:

Hi all here is my first review on this site. This review is about Trina who is based from Sussex St. I saw her ad on cracker a while back and her photos were really hot. I sent her a text and we organised a time. 

I got there a bit early, but she was happy to let me up anyway. She opened the door, and man, she looks way hotter than the photos. I was happily surprised after having been tricked a few times in the past. 
She leads me to bathroom where I shower up before heading into a room where there is a massage table in the middle. 

She is wearing sexy lingerie at this stage. It starts off with a pretty decent massage and a bit of friendly chit chat before she eventually takes off her panties and bra. I could feel her rubbing her bare breasts all over my body while massaging away. 

I eventually get invited to turn over where she straddles me and rubs her breasts in my face for a little bit. She eventually turns around and now has her pussy/ass practically in my face while she starts to jerk me off. Suffice to say, with the awesome view and great hand control, it didn;t take long to get the happy ending. She cleans me off and I shower afterwards. 

As I'm leaving she gave me a kiss on the cheek and tells me she hopes I enjoyed myself. 

This experience was very, very good given the amount of dodgy fakes online. Trina is smoking hot and has curves in all the right places. The service was above average and didn't feel rushed. I would definitely recommend her. 

* I have recently tried to locate any recent ads by her and have noticed she hasn't posted for quite a while. The number I have for her when I ring it goes straight to message bank. Does anybody know if and/or where Trina is operating from these days? 

-slyguy007


