Thread Title: Upper Crown Street Massage - Wollongong - 0404 085 123
Floor: #1
Post Time: 25th September 2018, 01:23 PM
Poster ID: LukeB
Post Title: 
 Upper Crown Street Massage - Wollongong - 0404 085 123
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sunny

Establishment : Upper Crown Massage

Date of Visit : 14/09/2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 328 Crown Street, Wollongong (between Convenient Chemist and Tunjai)

Phone : Not advertised

Hours of Business : 10am-late

Rates : $40 half hour massage

Age : 30

Size/shape : Size 8 slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Massage / Bbbj

Value for money/recommend? : Not really

My experience/comments : I walked in greeted and paid $40 for half hour massage and was ushered behind this privacy screen straight away which was weird never had that before it was a bit dodgey. Waited around 5-10 minutes and the previous guy leaves and I am ushered into a room. Fairly large room lots of space then the massage lady comes in and tells me to take off my clothes. She was ok looking nothing special and her English was poor.

When she comes back she starts the massage which was simply shit. She is not a masseuse. The whole time I'm thinking holy fuck I paid for a really shit massage I hope the ending is better than this!!! And it was... When she asked me turn over and asked if I want extra the negotiation begun. I asked what was on offer and she said hand job $30. I asked if she would take her clothes off she said no at first but then I offered her $50 and she seemed keen. I then asked  for a blow job and it ended up $80 all up that's for a nude blow job.

We'll ok let's give it a crack I said so away we go. I asked for a condom and she didn't have any. How stupid of me not to take one with me just in case. I was so horny at this point with a naked lady in front of me I just went for it Bbbj style. Her body was tight tits were b cup nice and firm and she allowed touching on the outside. She was pulling me more than sucking me so I made her use her mouth with no hands so she can earn that $80 after a shit massage. I get to the end and she takes the load in her mouth and cleans me up.

All in all for me I would only go back if I am desperate for a blow job but $120 all up seems a bit much if I can save another $30 and go to a brothel for half hour of pussy instead. Probably worth a try just to say you have been there and maybe you will like it more than me.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 21st August 2019, 01:23 PM
Poster ID: LukeB
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Nana

Establishment : Upper Crown Massage

Date of Visit : 20/08/2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 328 Crown Street, Wollongong (between Convenient Chemist and Tunjai)

Phone : Not sure i just walked in.

Hours of Business : 10am-late

Rates : $40 half hour massage

Age : unknown

Size/shape : Size 10

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Massage / Bj covered

Value for money/recommend? : No not really

My experience/comments : I walked in off the street paid $40 for half hour massage and was walked to the room. The rooms are big you have space to get undressed and move comfortably and the air con was on heating so it was nice.

Nana comes back and the massage begins which wasnt too bad but not great. As it went on she was getting tired the knuckles came out and got stuck into my back haha i like it rough and hard so anyways onto the second part she asks me turn over and we settle on naked and covered blow job $60. I asked for full sex but it was not on offer.

She didnt really allow too much touching and kept her legs fairly close together and no inside touching. She had a bit of trouble putting on the condom cause i was soft. Well what do you expect your not letting me really touch you or get a view of your pussy i mean i would like to be turned on and it just wasnt happening. I try to get her to sit on the massage table with me and open her legs like give me something to get aroused and i kinda finally do and she starts sucking. Not the best sucking and as it got bigger she said too big and takes off the condom to finish with an oiled up hand job. Clean up and im outta there.

I thought i would try this place again but im not too fussed on the service. probably worth a try i guess and see how you go.


