Floor: #1
Post Time: 5th January 2018, 05:44 PM
Poster ID: Mr_KB666
Post Title: 
 Vicki - Japanese Massage, 2/1-5 Albany St, St Leonards NSW - 0413 199 335
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Vicki

Establishment : Japanese Massage

Date of Visit : 1/01/18

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Unit 2/1-5 Albany St, St Leonards NSW 2065 - 0413 199 335

Hours of Business : 10am - 11:30pm 7 days a week

Rates : $70/60mins

Age : Mid 30's

Size/shape : Not very attractive at all, saggy breasts/stomach

Nationality or Ethnicity : Korean or Chinese

Services Provided : Massage/Nude HJ

Value for money/recommend? : No - I took a gamble on this one and lost.

My experience/comments : The shop appears to be worn down and not newly renovated as advised on another website.  There is a staircase on the left handside of the shop that leads to two rooms - unfortunately the room smelt like sweaty gym gear/shoes.  Not a good start.  Massage was average - flipped over and was offered the standard $20 for HJ or $50 for nude HJ.  Should have just cut my losses and left.  Paid the $50 and regretted it - average HJ (tried to keep my eyes on the ceiling the whole time).  Will not be going back.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 15th February 2018, 02:40 AM
Poster ID: pnani
Post Title: 
 Albany Massge - Unit 2/1-5 Albany St, St Leonards
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Ann

Establishment : Albany Massage

Date of Visit : 7-2-2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Unit 2/1-5 Albany St, St Leonards

Hours of Business : 10am - 11:30pm

Rates : $70 for 60 minutes

Age : early 20s

Size/shape : sporty, beach girl

Nationality or Ethnicity : Japanese

Services Provided : massage, top off, HJ

Value for money/recommend? : OK

My experience/comments : Walked past this shop and thought I'd pop my head in to see if there was anybody worth staying for.  Got introduced to 2 girls by the receptionist. The Thai girl whose name I don't remember was good looking but the Japanese one was younger and seemed more interesting.

Friendly girl who has a decent command of English.  We chatted about the usual things that punters and MLs talk about.  How long she's been here, why she's here, where she's been, when she'll go back.  She's been here about a year and has worked down in Melbourne for a few shops.  Says the money there is better than Sydney pointing out that her living expenses are higher here.

Nice tanned body that has that youthful firmness about it. Cute face without being hot.  Nice rack once the top comes up.  Claimed to have had her period so didn't take off the panties.

Asked her if i could touch her and she allowed roaming up top and down below with only outside of panties touching allowed.

She says that she'll only do HJ and no other services.

Good oily HJ with her focused, concentrating and making an effort to make sure i had a good squirt.  She didn't rush it even though it took me awhile and eventually she got me over the line squeezing every last drop out of me.

Post ejac, she washes up, puts back on some clothes and goes to get a hot towel to give me a proper clean up.  Bit of a shoulder and head massage afterwards and our time was up.

Decent ML and a good massage experience.  Not erotic enough for me so I won't be back. At least, not to see her


