Thread Title: Wynyard CBD Massage - 9262 6001
Floor: #1
Post Time: 18th August 2015, 09:55 AM
Poster ID: Yangas
Post Title: 
 Wynyard CBD Massage - 9262 6001
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Seiako

Establishment : Wynyard CBD Massage

Date of Visit : 23 July 2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Level 2, 100 Clarence Street Sydney 9262 6001 / Sydney CBD Massage - Asian Style Relaxation and Full Body Massage

Hours of Business : 7 days 10am - 8pm

Rates : $30m/$40 60m/$65

Age : 19

Size/shape : Hot! tall, slim B cups

Nationality or Ethnicity : Half Jap half Viet

Services Provided : Massage HJ BJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : This joint is relatively new. There is a Thai massage joint next door, but this one is on L2. So you need to walk through the lift lobby and up the lift.

One of the girls was at the desk and she told me to follow her straight away. Say-ako, she said. She wore a body hugging red dress which revealed her shape. She was tall, thin, long black hair quite attractive and she looked young. She said pick a room cause it was pretty empty at the time. I went in, undressed and lay on the table face down. I put a towel over my butt and as she walked in she said, have you been to places like this before?

I always say yes. Then she said in perfect english (which was a huge surprise) are you shy? Cause people who cover themselves up were either shy or only after a massage. I said neither - not being here before and not 100% sure if this joint was going to give me what i wanted...

She went on to massage me - or basically run her hands over my back, then after a while she said ok, so do you want extras? Yep. She offers nude body slide for $50 and blow job for $70. I went for the body slide and she started to undo her dress. Unzipped revealing some nice small breasts with fairly large nipples and black g banger. I said i wanted to take them off for her and she asked if i was always this handsy. I pulled her panties down to see a nice young shaven puss without any big flappy lips.

She oiled herself up and told me to roll over again and did the worst body slide every. I turned over and it was still pretty bad then she started on the HJ. After I came, she still tugged on the head of my cock which was super sensitive.

She said she's done it for a while, but it was a terrible massage and not a great HJ. The only + is she's young, quite hot and speaks english properly. I haven't been back.


