Thread Title: Aabie
Floor: #1
Post Time: 12th November 2012, 07:56 PM
Poster ID: kapai
Post Title: 
 Aabie
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lily

Establishment : Private George Street.

Date of Visit : 15 Aug 2012

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0423411022

Hours of Business : 7 Days

Rates : 50 half 80 hr

Age : mature 45sh

Size/shape : 5'4" and on the round side

Nationality or Ethnicity : MLC

Services Provided : massage hj

Value for money/recommend? : so so

My experience/comments : Thought i would try a little further from central Southport may be chance of extras as is away from built up area.
This is a character home among houses and flats situation and not too enviting from outside but as it was evening gave it a shot. Being skeptical when i arrived on verander rang bell and lily opened and greeted me. Discussed options then asked to use the toilet which i always do if uncertain. I was pleasantly suprised that the house although old with wooded floors was in immaculate order which was a little relieving.
Then asked what sort of massage she give and took the 30 min all parts of body option. So to the room i go which was large with solid walls to ceiling and was asked to undress all clothes off please.
She is an english student an comprehends ok and conversation flowed freely which makes for a pleasant visit. The massage was real clinical and thorough which made up for the general looks.After 15 or 20 min came the tickle tackle so that was all good and then the command to turn over came. She enjoyed my response to the tickle by giggling although there was no touching of the old fella or sacs and continued with massage of thighs and stomach for a couple minutes. At this stage i am ready and am now rubbing between her legs and breasts outside of her clothing. There was no real desire to go under but was helping me on my way.I must say the massage was really proffessional and suddenly started massaging the old fella slowly which i thought was never going to happen.A really nice slow hj which finally got me there. 
While she was cleaning me up i asked can i get full service next time- well maybe from other young girl. I was prompted to ask this not with her in mind but due to a couple of indicatotors i heard from next door.
So in summary very good skilful massage and hj so for that skill i will go back. Options look ok for fs ?


