Thread Title: Abane - Brisbane - 0450 235 884
Floor: #1
Post Time: 8th December 2011, 02:51 PM
Poster ID: ITRfaithful
Post Title: 
 Abane - Brisbane - 0450 235 884
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Abane

Establishment : Tantra Expression

Date of Visit : 03/12/2011

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : http://tantraexpression.com; Outcall in Brisbane

Hours of Business :  9am-8pm

Rates : $170/hr; $220/90min

Age : late 30s, early 40s

Size/shape : 14-16; big and busty

Nationality or Ethnicity : eastern european

Services Provided : Massage, bodyslide, HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Absolutely not

My experience/comments : Have been tempted to visit this Abane for a while, but her ad and pics have put me off, but yesterday decided to take one for the team if she was bad, I was after a new experience. Anyway, made contact via mobile, booked a time, arrived a little early, so thought Id change the booking but she was out and got a little abrubt at teh change. Hmm, give her that one as I was early. Walked in and she was dressed in some sort of large tightish dress, or t-shirt, picture was real. Nothing special to see in her bod. Booked for half hour $85 to see what she was like. Gave her 90, she said no change (WTF!) but offeed a little extra time, sure I figured maybe 10mins, she later figured 3 mins!
Anyway, money handed over at beginning after she asked for it (most Ive been to are happy to accept after the event), on the massage table and some small talk. not much of a converationalist, but I was determiend to find out if she offered extras. Anyway, massage was average, she uses LOTS and LOTS of really oily oil, she claims it will absorb into the skin, but yeah you have to get dressed first! Masage was average like aI said, talk was average, she said extras were $40 a pop, she wont take clothes off, but for the $220/hr super tantra session she will do a body slide. For $220 I can get a great FS for some older ladies, but slimer and nicer! She didnt really elaborate on what other extras were, but I think she was not into Oral, although from previous texts months ago, she did offer it. maybe she didnt like me! Asked if she could give me 2 pops, but said the massage was tantra like and was more a tease with big grand release. Yeah right, was starting to sound like some of the realy crap tantra massges I had in the past. The finish was pretty crap, couldnt tell I was about to climax so the ending she was still still tease touching, which was a big let down. Then she got some paper towels and wiped me down, which didnt really do anything. Asked if I could have a proper towel to wipe down, she gave me another paper towel. Told her i needed a shower, so she obliged with a towel and into the shower room. No soap to wash off the oil! Got dressed and left, NEVER to return. Worst tantra massage ever, 2nd worst masage and wank ever, she was pretty terrible. Maybe it was cos of the half hour booking, but for $170/hr, I would never do an hour booking with her, when there are so many other great masages and happy endings for that price and cheaper.
Enuff said. Avoid unless you want to waste money.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 24th March 2016, 12:25 PM
Poster ID: Micka
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hey ITR...I also had a similar experience. Total rip off and really unattractive.....bad energy about her....I think she may have some mental health issues! Stay Away everyone!!


