Thread Title: Ada - Helensvale - 0468 399 323
Floor: #1
Post Time: 13th March 2014, 02:06 PM
Poster ID: caybee
Post Title: 
 Ada - Helensvale - 0468 399 323
				
Post Content: 
Name: Ada.

Establishment: Private unit in Helensvale.

Date of visit: 12.Mar 2014.

Contact details: Add in Gold Coast Bulletin:-  HELENSVALE Asian, full body sensual.
                                                             Hot touch. Phone: 0468 399323.

Hours: 9am till late.

Rates: $50:00 half hr + $20:00 HE.

Age: Late 20's.

Size/Shape: Size 8. Slim. "C"/"D"'s 

Nationality: Taiwanese.

Service: massage, HE.

Value/Recommend. Not really. But some might enjoy.

Well started my punting day with another visit to Nucy massage. Nucy wasn't available so went with a girl named Sarah Asian/Aussie mix. cute size 6, perfect english(Aussie accent) 19-22 yo. Fantastic massage,but once again nothing else on offer.
Searched the Bully and came across the above add, rang up and was given pricing details; I accepted and was sent address by text; when I arrived I had to ring to get the unit details. Anyway got up to the unit and was greeted by Ada, she's a reasonably attractive girl with a nice enough figure. she was wearing a sexy piece of lingerie with her nipples just poking over the top. She took me through to the play room, the first thing I noticed was a towel on the bed and no massage table, so it looked like all the action was going to happen on the bed. As I've stated before, I don't really like massages performed on beds..unless it's a lead up to FS...which I wasn't there for. In fact I only ever indulge in HE's and BJ's.. Getting back on track...Got the monetary details out of the way, stripped and lay down, Ada then shed the lingerie and stood there in the nude; nice sight, she has a tidy bod with a pussy that looks like it has been shaved but now has a light covering of new growth. From here on things started to go down hill somewhat; first up the massage, if you could call it that, was little more than a body rub, done mostly one handed, as she was answering the phone and texting directions to another punter. This was kept up for another 5mins or so. On the flip was oiled up and she started in on the old fella, not much was happening at this point as there was no tickle or tease while I was on my stomach. I gave her a minute or so then I sat up and gently eased her onto her back and started a bit of DATY; she didn't object, but would only let me lick her clit with no deep licking allowed. Anyway this produced the desired result and I lay back with a bone a dog couldn't chew; she proceeded to carry on with the tug until the inevitable happened. She then finished the massage/back rub for the next 5 or 6 mins. When finished I was offered a shower, which I accepted. As I was getting into the shower she said she was going to get me a clean towel and off she went.........Here's the kicker.....when she left  her phone rang , she answered, and was talking for a while and forgot I was still in the shower waiting. when she came back she was surprised to see me there, apologised and got the towel for me. 
As I was getting out of the shower I noticed she was straightening the towel on the bed (the one I had been laying on). So it doesn't seem as though she changes it after every customer.
I don't know if any thing else is on offer,I didn't ask. But somehow I suspect it might be on the table.
As with a lot of these privates YMMV. If any one else tries this lady I hope your experience lives up to expectations..


Floor: #2
Post Time: 27th August 2014, 12:21 PM
Poster ID: Warebegone
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Just had a 1/2 hour session with this gal. On phone wanted $120 for half hour. Bit of a language barrier but managed to negotiate $70 for half hour rub with nude and HE. Greeted in lingerie on arrival and I get gear off and onto bed. I found some difficulty explaining in English what I wanted. Gave a half hearted back rub for ten mins, then asked me to turn over. No play. She removed bra only, and she refused to take anything else off. She went straight for tug, no slowing down, despite my request. All over in 15 mins, with a bit of a wipe down. Appears to be there for FS, as she kept asking why I no like sex. Real turnoff actually for the RNT man. 
Ada or Linda as she said her name was to me, has a reasonably good body, but with bolt-ons and large nipples. Was not interested in play, just a rush you out type of service.
WIR? No


