Thread Title: Ada - Labrador - 0487 607 593
Floor: #1
Post Time: 15th January 2012, 09:16 PM
Poster ID: niteowl
Post Title: 
 Ada - Labrador - 0487 607 593
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Ada

Establishment : Pvt house in Central St LABRADOR 0487 607 593

Date of Visit : 15/1/12

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : GCB: A Big Busty - Asian 100% exotic touch in LABRADOR 0487 607 593

Hours of Business :  Varies

Rates : $70 for 1/2 hr + extras

Age : No idea - late 30's or forties

Size/shape : Big and not very attractive. Very big tits though

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : RnT + Spanish

Value for money/recommend? : No

My experience/comments : 

Definitely took on for the team tonight!  Arrived at premises at 6pm and greeted at the door by obviously bigger asian lady.  Had lingerie on so looked not too bad and I could tell she was definitely busty.  I was going to see if I could get a tit fuck so I thought what the hell.  Paid $70 of half hr RnT.

Room is just a std bedroom with a bed with a towel on it for the massage.  Pillow looked a bit grubby so I moved it aside.  When she came back into the room she told me to lay face down and when I did she got a tissue and wrapped it around the end of my knob?!?

The rub was crap.  She just pushed down on my back a few times (using her weight) and kneaded  my shoulders a couple of times (no oil) before moving to a really boring back scratch with her nails (light scratching).  Every 4th or 5th time she got down to my but she went between my legs and rubbed my balls.  I asked if I could rub her but and she said that was OK but I couldn't really grab hold of much with the angle my arm was at.  I was getting a bit bored so I lifted my hips up to indicate what I really wanted.  She did respond by grabbing my balls a bit more and held my cock a couple of times before asking me to roll over.

She lubed me up and started stroking.  I asked if I could touch her pussy and she said OK.  When I started fingering her she grabbed my hand and moved my fingers either side and said "no clit - too sensitive".  I rubbed her a couple more times and decided to move up to her tits because she was pretty dry down there.  When I touched her tit's she again moved my hands and said "no nipple - too sensitive".

I said how about if I put my dick between them.  She said no, but I offered $20 and she said only with a condom... WTF?  I suppose she may have been shot in the face previously, so I suppose I get it.  Out with the 20 and she dommed me up and I started fucking her tits standing up with her sitting on the edge of the bed.  She started saying it was rubbing and got some more lube on her melons.  I was fucking away and stuck my nipple in her mouth which she sucked on.  At that point I asked her how much it was to fuck her (not intending to at all) and she said another 20.  I was getting close, so I started slowing down the pace.  She started complaining about the rubbing again (wouldn't have been that bad if she didn't insist on the condom) and with that she pulled away and said "OK, you fuck me now... come on, come fuck my pussy now" and laid back with her legs spread.  I started to go for it, then thought better of it and said, no just give me a hand job to finish.

She pulled the dom of and started pulling me off again for another few minutes until I was done.  Quick clean up with tissues and she asks if I want a shower.  I declined.  As I was getting dressed I noticed her grab a tissue and use it to open the door, then did the same for the front door.  She was starkers when seeing me out the front door so it would've been pretty obvious if anyone was passing by at the time.  House is right on the main drag too.

All up I was in and out in 15mins!  All in all this one without a doubt right up there with one of the worst punts I've ever had.  $90 is more than I've ever spent I think, because I'm usually on a pretty tight budget.  Oh well... back to the good old $40 specials for a while...


Floor: #2
Post Time: 16th January 2012, 12:42 AM
Poster ID: foolishmortal
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
tha for the intel...been wondering about that ad. Used to see a wl is that area near Aldi.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 16th January 2012, 03:20 AM
Poster ID: niteowl
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I can't quite picture the Aldi, but I don't think so. It's up the western side of the intersection with clock tower shops (Olsen Av and Central St). I think the Aldi is more the other direction isn't it?


Floor: #4
Post Time: 16th January 2012, 08:01 AM
Poster ID: RJones
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
thanks for great review... it's great to get warnings about the shit places as well as the good ones. I struck out trying to get an appointment with a private massage this weekend... must have been a busy weekend for punters.  Your review is why I am hesitant about those private ads in the Bulletin.... at least at the well-known chinese RnT joints, there is a reasonable quality control in place..... and it's only $50.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 16th January 2012, 09:56 AM
Poster ID: niteowl
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Yeah but then you do get some good ones like my reviews of Kiki at Helensvale and Nerang. I'm pretty sure trying a few Aussies would reap rewards too.  That might be my next attempt at anything beyond the cheap parlour joints.


