Thread Title: Adele - Kangaroo Point - 0412 380 474
Floor: #1
Post Time: 15th October 2013, 06:00 PM
Poster ID: rntfanman
Post Title: 
 Adele - Kangaroo Point - 0412 380 474
				
Post Content: 
Advertises as Adele Blondie, size 8, model looks. Now before you conjure up that image in your mind, disintegrate the idea completely because this chick is a minga. Really ugly. And blonde?! Not quite. Light coloured brown at best. And even that wasn't her natural colour.

This is my worst punt in a long time, and I am heading straight back for the Asian girls.

She works out of a notorious hotel in K'Pnt which all of you punters should be well familiar with. That was the first thing that got my spidey senses tingling. 

She opened the door and hopefully disappointment wasn't written across my face, because I was utterly wreaked with it on the inside. My brain told me to get out of there, but my groin had other ideas (dirty little bastard). 

I signed up for an $80 handie. The next thing which made the whole encounter so horrible was that she seemed to be on edge the whole time. It made me feel very uncomfortable. This is not a woman you want to spend any kind of time with. If stretch-marks and freckles don't put you off, her unpleasant affect should.

The next thing was probably the worst. For me anyway. She took the expression choking the chicken to the next level. It didn't help that I couldn't    tumesce. But she had a crazy tight grip and seemed to subscribe to the theory that if she roughly chokes the crap out of my little guy with vigorous pumping, then he'll deliver the payload. I wanted to tell her to back off, but I was too focused on trying to get hard and go.

And what made things worse was the pressure she applied on me to get it on. I realise there's a time thing to keep in mind, but constantly reminding me of it is not the best way to help things along. This was not a relaxing encounter, by any stretch of the imagination.

Avoid, avoid, avoid!


Floor: #2
Post Time: 15th October 2013, 06:05 PM
Poster ID: wally
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks, thanks , thanks .


Floor: #3
Post Time: 15th October 2013, 06:21 PM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by rntfanman


Advertises as Adele Blondie, size 8, model looks ....

And what made things worse was the pressure she applied on me to get it on. I realise there's a time thing to keep in mind, but constantly reminding me of it is not the best way to help things along. This was not a relaxing encounter, by any stretch of the imagination.

Avoid, avoid, avoid
"""
 


Feel for you rntfanman, but thank you for TOFFT and posting the details so that members can avoid getting sucked in.

How did you find out about her ?


Floor: #4
Post Time: 15th October 2013, 06:50 PM
Poster ID: rntfanman
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Ah yes. I forgot to mention that her advertisement was in the Courier Mail. Shave that dog and teach it ta hunt! 

I'm now off to get some petite Asian chick with a fun disposition to right the wrong!


Floor: #5
Post Time: 16th October 2013, 11:54 AM
Poster ID: payforplay
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
As bad as it is to be dudded like this, I can see the humour in the review. Its brilliant. But I had thought about seeing this girl later this week but no longer on the list.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 4th April 2014, 01:10 AM
Poster ID: Vagpounder
Post Title: 
 Pimpa - Agnes Street, QLD - 0412 380 474
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Pimpa 

Establishment : Unit 4, Agnes Street

Date of Visit : 24/03/2014

Contact Details//Weblink : 0412380474

Hours of Business : 10am till late

Rate : $60 for 30mins nude massage with HJ

Age : mid 30s

Size/shape : Size 12, Fake DD's

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Nude Massage, CBJ, FS

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments :

I was feeling horny one day and wanted to get some for a cheap price. I decided to try Googling some cheap escorts and came across Pimpa. The ad was quite dated but I decided to send a text to the number anyway and try my luck. To my surprise, I received a reply and she was free for service at this very moment. I quickly made my way to her place of residency. As she opened the door, in all honesty, I was quite disappointed as she wasn't the best looking and looked older than her advertised age. I would probably give her a 4/10 based purely on her looks. At this point, I was too horny to walk away and the price was quite cheap anyway so I went inside. Pimpa lead me to her room and we took care of business right away. She took off her dress to reveal a fairly nice set of fake DD's. Her arse was average but I was already quite fixated on those tits so I didn't care. I took off my gear and layed on her bed. She began the massage which went for about 20 mins and it was okay (not that I was there for the massage). She told me to turn around and began some nude bodyslides which my member instantly reacted to. She began stroking it and right away, I was ready to erupt. I stopped her and asked her where she would let me cum. She asked me where I wanted to, and pointed to her tits or stomach. I thought I'd try my luck and said her face. She said she doesn't usually let people do it but she obliged. She told me to get up and I made my way to the side of the bed. She got on her knees and I began stroking my member. As I was about to explode, I grabbed her by the hair, tilted her head back and brought her face right up near my cock. She had her face scrunched together, ready for my load. I finally shot out a big load, the first which I regrettably missed. However, the next few shots got her perfectly in the face - absoloutely painted her face. I thought I was done but I was able to get one last little bit out which got her on the mouth and she quickly reached around for some tissues. She cleaned herself up, I put my gear on and was on my merry way. All in all, good value for money as she let me cum on her face but if you are looking for someone good looking, she isn't the best looking but a decent body.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 6th April 2014, 03:09 PM
Poster ID: Warebegone
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I googled the phone number. Seems to have been in use by a few girls over last years- adele and gabby at KP, angelique as wel as Red Diamond Escort Services at Surfers Paradise........hmmmmm...


