Thread Title: Adriana Dawson - Brisbane CBD - BLACK LISTED. BUYER BEWARE
Floor: #1
Post Time: 15th July 2014, 09:50 PM
Poster ID: the jesus
Post Title: 
 Adriana Dawson - Brisbane CBD - BLACK LISTED. BUYER BEWARE
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Alice Williams
Establishment: private
Date of Visit: June 2014
Contact Details/Address/Weblink: https://scarletblue.com.au/escort/adriana-dawson/
Hours of Business: Days / Evening
Rates:$180/hr ($130/30min)
Age: early 20's
Size/shape: Brunette, 5'1", size 6, a-cup, toned. very pretty
Nationality or Ethnicity: Caucasian / Kiwi
Services Provided: Massage, body slide, & HJ (no kissing or oral)
Value for money/recommend?: Yes Definitely
My experience/comments:

I had hurt my back, the physio recommended avoiding exertion and going for a massage  he jokingly said to stay away from "those Asian places" . I'd seen Adriana's ad but given it was RNT had previously not worried about it.

Making a booking with Adriana was fairly easy but does seem to be popular, she only works a couple of days a week. I met her in the lobby, she was in a black dress and  heels. Inside  the apartment I was directed to the shower, when I came out she was just in the heels. Her massage is really good, she actually knows what she is doing. Her body slides are very sensual both back and front. Her body is lean, toned, firm, and loves to be touched. She sat backwards on my chest and stroked me, leaning forward to give a long look at a very good looking pussy. She kept me on the edge of blowing before I finally did.

Definitely recommend seeing her, really good massage and great HJ, and is really friendly.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 25th November 2016, 08:43 PM
Poster ID: yone
Post Title: 
 Adriana Dawson - Brisbane QLD
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Adriana Dawson

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : November 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Adriana Dawson

Hours of Business : 7am - 7pm

Rates : $200 / hour

Age : 25

Size/shape : 6 to 8

Nationality or Ethnicity : Caucasian

Services Provided : Rnt

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments :
Firstly booking was very easy and Adriana was quite responsive with the texts. Upon confirmation was given location instructions. Upon arrival i was greeted at the door by Adriana in a killer black dress. I was surprised at how tiny she is, very petite, very attractive. She does have a few tattoos so if that's not your thing maybe look elsewhere but i can tell you tattoos was one of the last things on my mind. We chatted for a few minutes before i headed off to the shower and upon my return i was greeted by her on the bed in her sexy lingerie.Once on the bed the lingerie was off fairly quickly, getting rubbed down head-to-toe can only to be topped by being straddled and having her rub her tight body on mine while breathing on the back of my neck. All this and i haven't even been flipped over yet. She really is a little dynamo, really small but fit as and just down to earth. She took her time, a little teasing hear and there before moving onto my back and the fireworks really started. Certainly recommended in my humble opinion.


