Thread Title: Adrienne Marq - Brisbane - 0468 911 563
Floor: #1
Post Time: 11th July 2011, 04:14 PM
Poster ID: ganenem10
Post Title: 
 Adrienne Marq - Brisbane - 0468 911 563
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Adrienne Marq

Establishment : Brisbane/Independent

Date of Visit : Last week

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Adrienne Marq - Outcalls Only - Brisbane | Escort / adult | Erotic | Cracker

Hours of Business :  Ask Adrienne

Rates : $300 - 1 hour

Age : Early 20's

Size/shape : 10 - 12

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : FS, CBJ, DFK, COF, MO

Value for money/recommend? : Yes 8/10

My experience/comments : Went and seen Adrienne for the second time as my first experience was very good. She only does outcalls but that didnt bother me as i was free that night. Showed up at my house immaculatly dressed, hair was perfect, nails were perfect, beautiful soft silky skin and very beautiful blue eyes. Shes not fat nor chubby but has some nice curves and a very nice bum. Her bust is a 10c i think but i would say close to d's. Shes extremely friendly and not a clock watcher, made me feel very comfortable as if she was a girlfriend. The sex was very good and she has a very tight pussy. Let me finish on her face for an extra $50 and still stuck round 15 mins over time. I would see her again but i think its time to move on as twice is enough for me. I do recommend her to punters, its a good punt.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 11th July 2011, 07:50 PM
Poster ID: BadAussieBoy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Copy and paste from her Cracker advertisement:

Hello Gentleman 

Allow myself to introduce myself. I am Adrienne Marq a loving, warm and elite seductress. My European back ground assures beauty and mystery for every desire. 

My long dark hair, sun kissed tan and luscious lips will lure you in not wanting to leave. I'm passionate about the services I provide and want nothing more than to leave knowing I have fulfilled all of your deepest cravings. 

I have a size 10 curvy smooth body with natural 10C breasts. Perhaps you would like to touch me in my sexy lingerie, a cheeky outfit or nothing at all. 

Being a firm believer in the classic women I am the perfect companion to a formal event, dinner date or we could snuggle at home enjoying each other's intimate company. I am well educated and am able to hold a conversation with my every word spoken being you my only focus. I pride myself in the way I present myself and I am always polished from head to toe. 

Let me get to know you so I can discover what makes your body moan in a lust of passion. There is nothing more of a turn on than a man in the height of pleasure. 

Outcalls only between Brisbane and the Gold Coast. Travel outside of these areas will incur and extra fee determined on the distance - (I will be offering incalls in the near future, I will be sure to advertise when they are available. Please if you are interested in incalls contact me when they are advertised). 

I provide unrushed services but do not offer Greek or any related services, Couples, Erotic Relaxation 
If you have a certain service in mind please call me so we can discuss. 
***Please do not ask me for these or a natural service as they will NOT be provided *** 

Rates – Outcalls Only 
30 min $150 
45 min $200 
1 Hour $300 
2 Hours $600 
3 Hours $850 
Overnight / Sleepovers 8 – 12 hours $1500 - $2000 with some sleep please 
Interstate travel can be discussed. 

Phone calls preferred method for making an appointment. Emails are not checked regularly. If I do not answer please leave a message and I will get back to you as soon as I can. Genuine calls only, private numbers not answered. 

Should I get the pleasure to meet you and I hope I do, please enclose my "gift" in an evelope with my name on it. This way we have more time to spend together. 

All photos are genuine and regularly updated for your pleasure. 

I look forward to meeting you 

Kisses 
Adrienne xo


Floor: #3
Post Time: 11th July 2011, 09:06 PM
Poster ID: ganenem10
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Adrienne Brisbane Escort and Adult Services


