Thread Title: Alyce - Ormeau - 0424 785 909
Floor: #1
Post Time: 13th January 2013, 04:23 PM
Poster ID: Fooey
Post Title: 
 Alyce - Ormeau - 0424 785 909
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Alyce

Establishment: private

Date of Visit:Novermber 2012

Contact Details/Address/Weblink:0424785909

Hours of Business: Not sure but I visted on a weekday around midday

Rates:$100 for 30 minutes

Age:Mid 30's

Size/shape:Slim, say size 8-10

Nationality or Ethnicity: Caucasian

Services Provided: Nude RnT

Value for money/recommend?: Yes, I would visit her again

My experience/comments:

I had some time to kill betweens jobs so I decided to give Alyce a visit, found her details in the GC Bulletin. She was available straight away and gave a price of $100 for 30 minutes. She didn't give an option of longer and I didn't ask. Drove to her place which was a private house. She greeted me at the door wearing a black negligee, looked very nice! Fairly attractive, B cup, slim and nice legs. Through to the room. The massage was on a double bed rather than a massage table. Stripped off and layed on my stomach, She removed her negligee and underwear and down to business. She started off massaging fairly soft so I asked if she could go firmer and she was happy to do so. Fairly chatty,easy to talk to. Gave a decent massage and added more oil and gave a body slide. Rolled over on my back and the bodyslide continued, rubbing her boobs on my stomach and cock. She told me it was ok to touch her without me asking. Gave a good HJ, working the head while I played with her boobs and bum. Had a quick shower afterwards and I was on my way. Haven't been back yet but I plan to soon.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 8th November 2013, 12:29 PM
Poster ID: gcmale
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Alyce
Establishment : private

Date of Visit : early november 2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0424785909 

Hours of Business : weekdays

Rates : $100 for half

Age : mid late 30s

Size/shape : size 10ish

Nationality or Ethnicity : aussie

Services Provided : massage, body slide and hand relief

Value for money/recommend? : yes

My experience/comments : Was working in Beenleigh and had some time free between clients in the industrial area at yatala and saw her ad in the Gold Coast Bully, called up and Alyce was free and sounded nice on the phone, so 10 minutes later I was in her room on the double bed!  I am not one for enjoying a massage on a bed unless its a prelude to something else usually, but this seemed all good. Her massage was pretty good, loosened my sore neck up, and the body slide was nice to, if not a little oily. 

On flipping over plenty of mutual play, she seemed to enjoy it, as did I, shot, showered and out the door right on 30 minutes and off to my next appointment all refreshed.  She is a good looking well kept milf in my opinion, and easy to get a hold of too....


Floor: #3
Post Time: 19th November 2013, 10:12 PM
Poster ID: gcme
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Well I had some time up my sleeve last thurs, so what does one do in this situation ?? Well you have a punt of course. On this occasion I found myself up ormeau way, so I phoned alyce. Now booking was made with ease and directions given, so on with what we are all here for. So money exchanged and then on come a lamp for a bit of an inspection, which was a first I must admit, however as mentioned the deed was done on the bed, now this girl is a little older than I expected, however still in reasonable knick with a bit of makeup. Money was as mentioned in previous and as how the service went, well it wasn't the best. Typical rub on the back with a bit of a body slide but then on the turn, well she lyed next to me and as such I couldn't reach a thing apart from a leg. Maybe it was just me but oh well, maybe I've just gotta stop trying new and go back to tried and proven...... Bella, cam etc etc ....... Anyhow not the best but not the worst, but I don't think I would go back.....stay outta the rain cheers Gc


Floor: #4
Post Time: 20th November 2013, 11:12 AM
Poster ID: wingmanstinson
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I've never liked to whole lie next to me bullshit, just another ply to prevent hands going places. If ladies are charging 100 bucks which is a premium for a ml for halfa, they should expect to be proded and probed, and if they don't like it, they should charge less, especially when they're all the way in ormeau! 

Thank you for that comparison of Bella and Cam gcme, now I know who and who not to spend my dosh on. Now, all I need is to find a weekday to get off so I can spend time with Bella and those fucking amazing cans!


Floor: #5
Post Time: 12th September 2014, 11:46 PM
Poster ID: Warebegone
Post Title: 
 Alyce - Surfers Paradise - 0424 785 909
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Alyce

Establishment : private

Date of Visit : 21/8/14

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0424785909

Hours of Business : weekdays

Rates : $100 half four, $150(?) hour.

Age : mid late 30's? Maybe more.

Size/shape : average, fit, good size titties.

Nationality or Ethnicity : aussie

Services Provided : HJ, not sure what else

Value for money/recommend? : yeah, sort of.

My experience/comments :

Alyce was fairly easy to contact and gave clear instructions to her house.

First time visit after reading other reviews. Alyce claims to have a bit of a following in the local district .

okay, I settled for a half hour of her time. 

First up is a inspection of your manhood under a little spotlight for any sign of health issues.

That done, it was off with togs and onto bed. Alyce nuded up straight away. She does a reasonable but not vigorous rub to back. Conversation flows quite freely, which I enjoy. Encourages some touching of titties, so all is good. Occasional feel under the scrotum to get the right mood for follow up later. Alyce leaves no stone untouched in her quest.

Time to rollover and she gets into a position of control, laying in reverse beside you, where she can tackle the obvious problem. Alyce has a pretty good technique and knows her way around the boy bits. 

Pretty soon she finds a solution to my problems and all is well in my world. Alyce reverentially cleans me up, and shower is offered.
all in all, Alyce provides a good quality service overall, with clean premises. 

There is clearly a premium to pay for someone who can converse easily, as this puts you more at ease.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 13th September 2014, 05:55 AM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Alyce's ad (expired now from News Ltd papers),





			
				ALYCE $0 Surfers Paradise, QLD
Description: Sexy, hot touch, stylish, very sensual, discreet, a/c. Ormeau. Phone 0424 785 909.
- See more at: ALYCE - Adult Services - Personals - NewsClassifieds


