Floor: #1
Post Time: 15th November 2013, 12:23 PM
Poster ID: wingmanstinson
Post Title: 
 Amanda - Burleigh Waters / Reedy Creek - 0431 422 010
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Amanda

Establishment : Private House

Date of Visit : 12 November 2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :  0431 422 010

Hours of Business : Roughly 10 - 8, Weekdays

Rates : $130 / Hr or $70 / Half Hour

Age : Claimed Late 30's, Easily in her early 50's though

Size/shape : Size 14 - 16, with a solid gut and D Cups (but let's face it, it doesn't count if you're fat)

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : "massage" with Hand Relief

Value for money/recommend? : Cheaper than most girls especially caucs, but not recommended. 

My experience/comments : 

During the alotted times, Amanda is relatively easy to get a hold of. She gives a thorough introduction of herself including her service so I thought why the hell not, and burleigh waters isn't too far away when driven not in traffic. Upon arriving she didn't seem too bad, however, I noticed she was a bit pudgy and I'm fairly sure she forgot to mention this on the phone, however the body didn't worry me. 

What did worry me however, was the face which clearly showed her age, easily reflecting someone that is in her fifties and not late 30's with teeth that had definitely seen better days. She had good tits though so I thought it was worth perservering and I was toey as hell. 

Massage wise, her massage was definitely nothing to write home about and I would put her on the lower rung of the average column, not really sensual, doesn't know how to do soft, and doesn't know how to give the light touch that I personally like from time to time when I'm not needing an actual massage. 

Come the turn, Amanda allowed me to play with her tits and furry pussy (but no digits, which is probably a good thing given how some women just don't know how to be clean down there!) and gave a relatively mediocre HJ, failing to pay attention to the balls and the top of the penis which is always a let down.

Amanda gave some indication she may allow for more, but unless your 45 and older and like a chick with bruised teeth, I don't think I will be coming back for more or a massage for that matter.

Finally, I write this review with haste, it is one thing to see an asian ML who is shit cause that's almost a granted thing on the coast, but it's another to experience a lousy cauc, its a wonder how these ladies survive (yes, I know, people are going to see them, not having read our reviews). 

Wingman


Floor: #2
Post Time: 15th November 2013, 01:01 PM
Poster ID: WOTAN01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
WMS you always write good and clear reviews so look forward to receiving more. Well done.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 15th November 2013, 10:11 PM
Poster ID: wingmanstinson
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thank you WOTAN010, you are too kind


Floor: #4
Post Time: 29th July 2014, 03:09 PM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Here's what Amanda's ad may have looked like (From the GCB),





			
				A BEAUTIFUL
$0
Surfers Paradise, QLD
Description:

blonde lady, natu ral D bust. Slim, Burleigh Heads. 0431 422 010. Caller ID no TXT
- See more at: A BEAUTIFUL - Adult Services - Personals - NewsClassifieds


Floor: #5
Post Time: 26th July 2015, 08:11 PM
Poster ID: HornyHoratio
Post Title: 
 Amanda - Burleigh Heads (Gold Coast) - 0431422010
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Amanda

Establishment : Private House

Date of Visit : Fri 24 July 2015

Locanto Ad: http://qld.locanto.com.au/ID_3916514...l-massage.html
Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0431 422 010.

Hours of Business : Avail 7 days, call for hours

Rates : $140 /hour, $120 /45mins (My Booking including b/slide), $70 /half  (+$20 for nude bodyslide front+back)

Age : 38, I reckon early 40's

Size/shape : Size 12 smooth fair skin, BIG D natural boobs, largeish rounded belly and chubby shaved pussy, blonde hair

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : Massage, body slide front & back (+$20), HandJob, boob suck, limited touching her
She does offer full service but didn't ask prices, although seen one of her ads offering $200/hr FS

Value for money/recommend? : Yes / Maybe

My experience/comments : 

I called to book time and location, she does not do texts. I had to call again when in her street to get house number. Amanda met me at her door 
dressed in see-thru sarong and g-string.

After payment, I undressed and face down on table. Amanda removed her sarong (left on her g-string) and massaged from my upper legs to my upper back in a very quick sweeping action with her fingers and palms. She gave my bum cheeks an occasional massage during her quick flowing technique but there was no attention or pass-by of my crack, tackle or inner thighs so I found her technique was too quick and monotonous for my liking - no variety or eroticism to her technique. She allowed me to stroke her legs and run my hand over her bum and under her g-string to rub her pussy lips but her movement was too quick to allow my hand to focus on one spot for only a couple of seconds. Off came the g-string and she oiled up her tits and jumped onto the table for the back bodyslide, rubbing her tits from my bum up my back. Although her large tits sliding along my back felt great, it did seem at bit mechanical and monotonous.

Time for turnover and Amanda went straight to oiling up my chest, jumping on top for my front bodyslide. At least I was able to position my hands to feel her tits and her pussy as she slid her body over mine, but again at a rapid pace so my hands could not explore her play bits for more than a couple of seconds. After I asked, she popped one of her nipples into my mouth so that I could grope and feed off both tits while Amanda stroked my cock to blow my load. After a cleanup and there was plenty of time left, she suggested a back and shoulder rub. Feeling recovered and horny again, she agreed my request to jerk me off again. On my back, she oiled up and stroked my cock and balls while I had a hand each on her bum/pussy from behind and fondling her tits all of which succeeded in blowing my remaining load.

After a shower and dressed I was on my way. I thought her service and technique were bland and doubt if I would make the trip north from Tweed just to see her again, however her rates are relatively cheap.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 26th July 2015, 08:55 PM
Poster ID: Warebegone
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Good work. Amanda always turns up in any search in Burleigh area. Have tried to make contact without luck several times and gave up. May try again now.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 29th July 2015, 10:21 AM
Poster ID: HornyHoratio
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Firstly, Moderators, thanks for shifting my posted review to this existing thread - I usually search for any existing thread based on the provider's contact number but this one didn't come up, spaces embedded in the number.
She's got heaps of Locanto ads, many appearing duplicated, apparently as she told me she's not good with computers and Locanto ads are free so she just puts up another one when she wants to up it in the locanto list. She also told me she's going on a cruise this week (don't recall her telling me what day she leaves) so she may be gone for about 8 days.
Now I've seen her earlier reviews, I agree with WM's (love ur work!) post. Few of her locanto ad pics did provide me a hint of her rounded belly and puffy pussy but her body shape didn't put me off - it was her poor, lack of erotic, technique that disappointed me. I aged her at 40's (def. no way near late 30's) due to her smooth reasonably tight skin - no saggy belly or obvious cellulo/wrinkling legs or arms but her face was aged with a double chin.


