Thread Title: Andrea, nice to look at but nothing happening! - Gold Coast - 0416 619 112
Floor: #1
Post Time: 12th July 2013, 02:45 AM
Poster ID: BiggusDickus
Post Title: 
 Andrea, nice to look at but nothing happening! - Gold Coast - 0416 619 112
				
Post Content: 
Below is the review on a lady from the old Yugoslavia republic. She is nice to look at advertises mostly on Gumtree but is straight as.
nothing to see here. A half decent massage but nothing really offering to return for.

Person's Name : Andrea

Establishment : PML

Date of Visit : June 2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :REMEDIAL MASSAGE | Massages | Gumtree Australia Gold Coast City - Main Beach 

Mob 0416619112

Hours of Business : Seven days by appointment.

Rates : $60 p/hr

Age : Late 30's

Size/shape :Athletic Size 10 with possible "B" cups.

Nationality or Ethnicity :Croation or Serbian Thick accent from that part of the world. 

Services Provided : Relaxation massage.

Value for money/recommend? : Yes and no. For straight massage only maybe.

My experience/comments : I was looking for a lady who was mobile but local. this lass posts ads on Gumtree as follows.

REMEDIAL MASSAGE

pain and stress relief
Overall Rating: 5 stars 5/5 - 1 Review 

Gold Coast QLD 4215 view on map 
Areas of expertise:


pain reliefmuscle tensioninsomniastress reliefwell-being

Female massage therapist offers Remedial, Deep Tissue, Relaxation and Sports massage on the Gold Coast. 

I have a diploma in Remedial Massage (TAFE). 

I offer excellent service, high quality massage that will reduce your pain and muscle tension. Massage is also great against insomnia, stress and blood circulation. - 7 days a week, long hours, by appointment. 

Full Body Massage: $60/1hr 

This is non-sexual service


Now there is a review on this ad I suspect done by someone who is related to Andrea.

I rang Andrea after viewing her constantly posting ads on Gumtree. Sometimes a reliable source of material.
I booked in to see her for an hour full body relaxation session. Her description.
With some punts on the Coast you simply go with the flow and don't ask too many questions straight up.
Some PML's only do the tug or extras after you appear to them to be a legit client.
Being aware that there are some U/C Police doing the rounds from the Sex Crimes squad nuffin better to do has made those in the know aware not to be obvious. There are those who do mobile massage who fall into two camps those that tug and those that don't.
I arranged to see Andrea at her place in Labrador.
I arrived at her place and immediately had problems as there was no obvious front door.

After phoning her and asking her where and how to get in the light came on and she slid the door open and I entered her living room.
Her hubby is a tennis coach she volunteered that info. Methinks this is the Sports massage on offer. lol
She is about 5 foot 8 inches tall in her heels. She asked me to strip to my level of comfort. Not a good sign. She had the table set up in the middle of the room. Cold and unwelcoming i recall. Still I needed a decent massage so all was not lost if there was no tug.

I did think this was an unusual setup. Temporary and not the usual place for work. the place was untidy. I reluctantly told her I was cold. She put a towel over me and commenced the massage. She knew her muscle groups but appeared to be going through the motions. Not one of the best techniques as she ran out of oil on the part she was massaging and the friction started to burn. I was thinking to myself well lets hope with the pain there will be some gain. The oil was a cheap type of cooking oil I think. perhaps a blend of coconut and oilve. The stuff you need to wash off as it goes rancid if left on. Around the 45 minute mark after a not so relaxing start and friction burns she asked me if i wanted to turn over. She had avoided any going near the glutes. So i asked her if she would mind doing my glutes. She obliged but tactically steered clear of my nordy bits. damn.
I turned over with about a little less than 10 minutes to go in the massage. I was flacid and not able to think myself up. So there was absoloutely no indication on my behalf that i wanted anything else. She covered the obvious up and steered well clear of this. The massage time was up. She didn't offer me anything. Not even water. Well this one is either a starfish or needs to be groomed. But my guess is there is zero on offer. I have made inquries through other sources and the answers are she is legit. Like most on the coast she is quiet and advertises in a misleading way. Suggesting more may be on offer. However on the coast they promise heaps and deliver little. It appears to be in the advertising for the GC.

WIR. Doubtful unless someone else has other intel or other experinces with this PML.
Pity because she is hot really hot in an athletic MILFY way.

If anyone else has other info please let the thread know. It appears there are a l;ot of hit and mostly miss on the Coast atm.


Biggus.


