Thread Title: Anita - Springfield Lakes, Brisbane - 0423 914 347
Floor: #1
Post Time: 18th December 2016, 11:46 AM
Poster ID: Warebegone
Post Title: 
 Anita - Springfield Lakes, Brisbane - 0423 914 347
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : anita

Establishment : 

Date of Visit : 15/12/16

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Absolute Aussie Pleasure ??? phone 0423914347 - Brisbane escorts - backpage.com.au

Hours of Business : weekdays early to late

Rates : $80/30min

Age : 50's but claims 44

Size/shape : round

Nationality or Ethnicity : aussie

Services Provided : rub with oral

Value for money/recommend? : not for me

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)
Felt the need whilst in the area, after a long abstinence. This one looked ok. So made a time which was easy. Private residence in a quiet area, no nosey neighbours evident. So far, so good. 
Met a lady who had to be 10 years over stated age. Very friendly, but Pictures are totally fake. Against my better judgement, I proceeded, hoping her experience would win the day.
With the money paid, I laid bare face down on a solid table to wait. The room and furnishings were clean and airconditioned. Well, there she was, topless to reveal huge set of milky boobs and giant granny undies which stayed on, thank god. Lady is not over weight, but has a tummy due to age. 
On with the job. Rub was light with lotion, but no tackle tickle at all. No touching was allowed either, so I did not press. Time for the flip, but I sure wasn't excited. She woke up junior with some hand work and quickly threw on the dom and started the BJ. It was really very ordinary, and I can only say I struggled to the finish line, due to complete lack of any eroticism. 
I left somewhat dissatisfied, and the search goes on. I can only say, in the past, I once found a gem in this area, but sadly she seems to have retired.


