Thread Title: Anna - Chevron - 0469 377 937
Floor: #1
Post Time: 29th June 2013, 07:52 AM
Poster ID: kapai
Post Title: 
 Anna - Chevron - 0469 377 937
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Anna or annie


Establishment : Private



Date of Visit : 26-6-13



Contact Details/Address/Weblink :Ad in Bulletin: 0469 377 937




Hours of Business : ? . Not when state of origin..queensland supporter hehe.



Rates : Starts at $60 1/2 hr: 80 hr + xtras



Age : 25



Size/shape : short solid build busty 



Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai



Services Provided : 30 min Thai massage + nude for $20 which included body slide +



Value for money/recommend? : Yes



My experience/comments : English good so directions easy to follow to a unit in Chevron..Burra st.
Made appointment and had to be before state of origin...lol. Greated at door by pleasant average looking girl with pleasant approach in a oldish unit and shoes off and into room discussed options and took 60 for 30 min as usual on first visit also 80 for 1 hr avail. At this point i assumed HE would be included by pricing so instructed to disrobe and left the room . At this point i noticed a hand written memo on wall to customers as follows:
1 ) Please wipe your ass with wipes provided. 1 ) Please check for BO. 3 ) Please wash your hands with handwash provided. 4 ) please put clothes on chair. So there you are !!!
Bemused by this i wondered what may be next. She soon returned and started with firm thai massage and some chit chat. Massage was as exspected form thai girl and soon came turnover time and was offered nude for $20 which i accepted although probably wouldnt have paid 50.
On back now and a check of old fella and wipes used on that area and im thinking hell what am i goin to get here. So checks done and clothes off and her attitude really changed with this great smile as if now to that part she enjoyes. Wow i think im in for FS....as she starts a cat bath from feet first and stopping at the business area for some time nibbling and licking groin and old fella for some time.. then a body slide which included her hold him and using her boobs to surround him. This was great and the factshe stayed there so long i took it as she was waiting me to ask for FS. So that is what i did and she declined between her licks and at the point i was on edge she reverted to a lovely HE which didnt last any where as long as hoped but this girl really enjoyed her own service as much as i did.
Was very satisfied with this service as you dont always get the impression girl really enjoys what she was doin also impressed with cleanliness.

NB: re memo on wall. I have often wondered if girls have their own network to discuss customers and their peculiarities...lol


Floor: #2
Post Time: 29th June 2013, 10:02 AM
Poster ID: kapai
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Moderator: think a better title for above is : Magical Thai massage - Chevron . Re Bully ad>


