Thread Title: Anna - Mermaid Waters - 0414 692 888
Floor: #1
Post Time: 16th July 2012, 04:24 PM
Poster ID: niteowl
Post Title: 
 Anna - Mermaid Waters - 0414 692 888
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Sorry :-(

Establishment : Private house in Mermaid Waters

Date of Visit: 16/07/12
Contact Details/Address/Weblink: advertises in GCB - ADULT exotic, sensual, magic touch, full body rub. Mermaid. 0414 692 888

Hours of Business: Ask

Rates: $50 for 30 mins massage with HJ, $80 with BBBJ, $100 with FS

Age: "Mature"

Size/appearance: Hmmm... not really that attractive, pretty big enhance tits and a few tats... a bit saggy in places

Nationality or Ethnicity: Asian - speaks good English and can hold a decent conversation

Services Provided: Massage with happy ending

Value for money/recommend: Not too bad... pretty decent massage

I'll start by saying this lady in no oil painting for sure.  She works from her own rented private house just behind Q Super Centre, so not knowing her name shouldn't be an issue if you call the same number.  Very friendly lady.  Starts off topless with skimpy underpants and provides a really good firm massage.  Asks if you have any problem spots and works hard on those spots including some breathing techniques "to remove bad qi". After the massage she oiled up the date and started the tease, rubbing my butt hole and reaching underneath to get me nice and hard.

Roll over and it's pretty standard fair technique for the HJ, but she did rub my cock on her tits and begged me to squirt my "love juice" (her words not mine) all over her tits.  I had already taken care of business myself once this morning, so I was actually having trouble getting over the line (first time for everything), but she never complained once and started dirty talking about her tight pussy etc.  During this dirty talk I established she loves sex, but doesn't do anal, likes her tits played with but not her nipples. In an attempt to get me over the line she removed her undies and lifted her leg up on the table so I could get a good look at her pussy.  Not bad.  Totally shave and looked nice and tight from what I could see (no touching though).  One thing... she was literally dripping wet.  Pussy juice was visibly running down her little pussy lips which was quite nice to see. In the end I couldn't get off, so I offered to finish off myself which I did all over her tits.

That was that though - no light massage to finish off and no real cleanup.  I accepted the offer for a shower, which seemed clean and had shower gel and a clean towel.

So, not a bad massage from a nice friendly lady, but she's not really my cup of tea in the looks department.  I had actually contemplated going for the BJ if she was a good looker, but opted for the HJ on arrival.  $50 for a fully nude good firm massage with cum on tits can't be complained about though.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 21st July 2012, 04:15 PM
Poster ID: niteowl
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I felt bad not doing my duty to get her name so I called her to find out.  It's Anna if anyone is interested.  Maybe mods can change the thread title?


Floor: #3
Post Time: 22nd July 2012, 09:14 AM
Poster ID: Kiwi
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Anna

Establishment : Private house in Mermaid Waters

Date of Visit: 17/07/12

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: advertises in GCB - 0414 692 888

Rates: $50 for 30 mins massage with HJ, $80 with BBBJ

Age: late 40's

Size/appearance:  enhance tits Not the  looking but okay

Nationality or Ethnicity: Asian - Jap

Services Provided: Massage with happy ending

Value for money/recommend: Not too bad... pretty decent massage  Good if you want to get a load off - Won't be back, better off there


