Thread Title: Anna - Mount Warren Park - 0431 481 040
Floor: #1
Post Time: 11th September 2019, 07:14 PM
Poster ID: wingmanstinson
Post Title: 
 Anna - Mount Warren Park - 0431 481 040
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Anna

Establishment : Private in her home, Mt Warren Park

Date of Visit : September 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Advertises in the GC Bulletin

Phone : As above

Hours of Business : Week day Business Hours

Rates : $60 half Hr or $100 Hr

Age : 50's maybe older

Size/shape : Rubanesque / Big? (probably a size 18 that doesn't hold that well)

Nationality or Ethnicity : Maltese

Services Provided : Topless massage with Relief

Value for money/recommend? : Yes / Probably not

My experience/comments : 

Apologies Gents, it's been such a chaotic year, between working and family commitments I have seldom had the opportunity to punt let alone report on my punting activities. 

Having a bit of time away from work, I thought I would look through Locanto for my newest squeeze. Having had a fruitless search, I turned to the Murdoch media classifieds where I saw Anna's details whom I had actually texted earlier about. 

Anna will just tell you that she does a topless massage in a g-string but will give out no further details including of herself. This is a pet hate of mine as I am tired of so many fakes out there. 

Eventually I was able to suss out that Anna was busty and she had shower facilities. 

Having arrived at the venue, Anna works in a lovely established home I was impressed and then Anna greeted me at the door. Whilst fairly attractive in the face Anna but Anna doesn't have the most impressive Body and this really showed when her panties came off for a bit. 

I'm not going to lie, the massage was nothing to write home about and was just repetitive and truth be told was probably one of the most boring ones I've had and to create insult to injury, she couldn't even really do a soft arousing massage. She just used fast and repetitive strokes. 

To her credit, Anna did allow for me to cum twice, once during the middle part and again at the end. 

For $60 she is okay but I definitely wouldn't recommend her for a shit massage and an older lady. 

Don't enjoy lads.

WMS.


