Thread Title: Anne - Runaway Bay - 0410585536
Floor: #1
Post Time: 4th February 2014, 09:43 PM
Poster ID: wingmanstinson
Post Title: 
 Anne - Runaway Bay - 0410585536
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Anne

Establishment : Private House in Runaway Bay

Date of Visit : Wednesday 30 Jan 2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0410585536  - http://www.gumtree.com.au/s-ad/runaway-bay/gym-fitness/massage-healing-therapeutic/1037425879

Hours of Business : By appointment

Rates : 160 Nude massage or 200 for FS

Age : 42

Size/shape : Size 10, Nice Body, fairly well kept for her age, not toned, but not flabby either...D implants but nice enough 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie 

Services Provided : Nude RNT, FS, Anal (Extra cost)

Value for money/recommend? : Yes / Yes

My experience/comments : 

Still coming to terms with Cameron's (main beach) departure from the RNT scene, those that know me, will know that I've been scouring through gumtree like a hawk looking for a masseuse to fill the void. Having seen annies ad, I didn't know what to think of her advertisement as it was left rather void without the usual spiel you'd usually see on a typical Gumtree ad. What spurred me on to contact Anne was the realisation that Annie was also advertising for PT services so I thought at least she'd be fit. 

Having grown the balls to text her about a sensual massage, I got the all clear and Annie was quick to respond to texts about her massage etc. After a phonecall to her late one arvo, Annie disclosed that she also offered a full service on top of her nude massage for 200. Waiting for a text from Katy (which never came), I gave Annie a call the next morning and arranged a booking. It was then that Annie told me to bring more money if I was only anticipating a nude massage as many people just can't handle themselves and want the full service. 

Having been given the address with hours to spare, I made my way to Annie's waterside home (soon to be sold though unfortunately) and through to the intercom to be greeted by what I describe as a milfish type of lady in her early 40's with died blonde hair with a nice body. She was right about me wanting the full service so I'm glad I brought the extra dosh along.

After being led to her massage room, I stripped down on onto the table, after ten minutes of small talk whilse she massaged me in her bra and g, she then declared that she would need to take her underwear off. Off the table i got to help her with said garments and soon we were pashing like adolescent kids followed by some DATY and then some 69 on the table whilst I alternated between dining and almost fingering. 

Annie then hopped on top of me on the table and started a very nice riding action which she switched up from time to time. After 10 minutes of this, I then had annie in Doggie over the table where I finished on her stomach.

A shower was had, and round 2 was basically a repeat of round one. 

With some primal action occuring during the second shower, I was well spent and Glad I came to see Annie, and upon drying up I was off on my merry way.       

Now, Annie, is not 20 or 30 for that matter but boy she offers a service unrivalled by most younger girls (for those that look hard enough, they will get a sneak peak of Annie prior to their booking). She is doing this to make ends meet after what seems like a fairly bitter divorce, so I'm not sure how long she'll be doing this for, but she was awesome and I personally went back for a second helping.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 6th February 2014, 08:17 AM
Poster ID: yld53x180sx
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Good review wingmanstinson will definitely have to check her out


Floor: #3
Post Time: 6th February 2014, 01:35 PM
Poster ID: Elfang
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Anne

Establishment : Private house in Runaway Bay

Date of Visit : 6th February 2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0410585536

Hours of Business : Appointment only

Rates : $160 for nude massage.    $200 for full service

Age : Mid 40's

Size/shape : Size 10 nice enhanced D's

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : Nude massage, rnt, full service, daty

Value for money/recommend? : yes indeed

My experience:
I am up here on the GC for only a couple of days and decided to give Anne a call. A lovely lady who greeted me in a light dressing gown and sexy underwear underneath. A clean room with clean towels in a lovely house on the Runaway Bay canals. Thank you for Mr Google for getting me there.

I was asked to strip and lay down and she would return. Plenty of oil and a magnificent massage. Then she stripped and lay on top of me massaging me with her breasts and pussy....it was beautiful...I turned over and she oiled me once again while I touched her lovely body and felt her fruits...condom on she road me grinding her pussy hard. I turned over deeply fucked her..my favorite. Tasted her juice and off the table and pumped from behind with deep thrusts...back on the table her legs on my shoulders and another good 15 minutes of deep ploughing....

I showered and was on my bike..

Would highly recommend this lovely lady and will see her again next time on the Coast.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 15th June 2014, 03:15 PM
Poster ID: Elfang
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Sadly she has gone and left no contact ...looking forward to seeing her again when she resurfaces..


