Thread Title: Antoinette - Mudgeeraba - 07 5525 1383
Floor: #1
Post Time: 16th December 2012, 10:21 AM
Poster ID: rabbit13
Post Title: 
 Antoinette - Mudgeeraba - 07 5525 1383
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Antoinette


Establishment : Private residence Mudgeeraba GC Bulleting advert



Date of Visit : 13th Dec.



Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0755251383



Hours of Business : not sure



Rates : $100 half hour, nude massage with BBBJ



Age : 60 ish



Size/shape : slim with enhance tits



Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian



Services Provided : Nude massage with BJ $100, FS $125



Value for money/recommend? : Not for me



My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)
Advertised in the bulletin under Personal relaxation Mudgeeraba decided to give Anotionette a try. Operating out of a private residence in Mudgeeeraba I was greeted at the door by a barking dog and someone who could have been my grandma. Anyway as I was I was here  decided to go ahead regardless of my already building reservations.( It is difficult to do the bolt at this stage anyway). Offered a shower, in the ensuite, then into a huge bedroom with an equally big bed. Antonette stripped to down to reveal a reasonable body for someone that age, lots of loose skin around the middle, a shaved pussy and  enhanced tits did not sag like the middle section. 
massage stated with a short back rub( 2-3 min. max) then asked to turn over, needless to say  the experience so far hadn't  excited me of jnr Rabbit so far. Without any messing around Antoinette went straight for junior rabbit with her mouth. Junior usually likes a bit of sensual touching or the like to get interested and this wasn't doing it for him. While this was going on I went for a feel, (with the thought that this might liven things up a bit) but as I felt like I could have lost my hand in there, stopped. I basically ased Antionette to stop as this experience wasn't really doing it for me. Antoinette while  a pleasant person to deal with provide a massage experience that is to say the least not very satisfying and given her age and (one would assume experience) provides a service that won't see me returning.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 17th December 2012, 11:40 AM
Poster ID: Qwerty
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I cant believe she still around!, I saw her like 4 years ago and greeted at the door I was like nah u ain't for me but she insisted giving me a quick blow for $20 so I was like what the hell lol

Wasnt worth it still lol

House smelt like shit to lol


Floor: #3
Post Time: 1st May 2013, 05:49 AM
Poster ID: m1014expert
Post Title: 
 Antoinette -  Full Service in Mudgeeraba
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Antoinette

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 18/04/2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : (07) 5525 1383

Hours of Business : Call to check

Rates : $100/30 min

Age : 50+

Size/shape : Average Height, Voluptuous

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : Full body massage, Full Service

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : Called and spoke to the very accommodating Antoinette. I asked for the main details such as price, services offered and address. I made an appointment for 30 mins at the rate of $100. 
After a 20 minute drive from Surfers Paradise, i arrived at the house and was greeted by a smiling mature lady wearing a black negligee. Antoinette was very friendly and led me to the bedroom.

She gave me a few minutes to get undressed and asked me to lay on the bed and wait. When she returned, she confirmed that i would like a full service. She started off by giving me a full body massage with oil which was fine. 
I rolled over when she asked and she took out a condom and applied it with her mouth. 
I spent the next half hour or so enjoying her and she seemed to be having fun as well. I will try to see her again and get more adventurous now that i know what i'm in for.


