Thread Title: Ash - Southport - 0401 544 287
Floor: #1
Post Time: 18th September 2013, 01:56 PM
Poster ID: gcmale
Post Title: 
 Ash - Southport - 0401 544 287
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Ash

Establishment : private

Date of Visit : September 2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0401 544 287

Hours of Business : mon-fri

Rates : $100 half for massage and handjob

Age : early 20s

Size/shape : slim 8 just a b cup

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : 

Value for money/recommend? : yes but ymmv

My experience/comments : last week I contacted Ashley from her Locanto ad, Ashley 21 blonde size 8, and after a number of texts was at her central southport address.  Nice place for Southport, had a massage table set up, clean towels and a good shower and I was ready to go! She is hot, if you like really slim, small breasted and long blonde haired girls, which I do.

Face down for an average back massage, lots of oil, a bit much for me, legs and bum until about 20 minutes in, then a hot towel clean up and the turn over with Ash down to a gstring topless offering me to touch. She was straight to the point, so to speak, the view being sensational, it didn't take long for the conclusion.

in short, not the greatest , only an ok massage, but if you want a very attractive girl next door type, helping you rub one out, you could do a lot worse, especially on the Gold Coast, as there are plenty of crap private massage girls here.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 18th September 2013, 02:37 PM
Poster ID: gcme
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Her ad reminds me of those girls that worked over in surfers, one of them had blonde hair, big bolt ons and gave an ok service. back to your review, i totally agree with the lack of decent girls here on the gc.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 18th September 2013, 04:10 PM
Poster ID: wingmanstinson
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Ash and Ayla work alternative shifts from the Same Unit. 

I saw Ash on monday night and I must say in terms of her service and customer quality she absolutely leap frogs her 'brazilian' counterpart. 

Apart from the complete absence of tits, the only thing I must point out though which brings me some sense of frustration is the fact that they blatantly used some poor girls advertisement on their locanto page. Whilst I knew exactly what I was dealing with to begin with from the initial text back from ash, I still don't like the blatant use of fraud.

Here's the ad, which got me to book an appointment with ash. 

Hello boys.... Guess what..... IM BACK......

Are you Sick of turning up to those adverts that are all bullshit? Not a real pic? push out service??? Well I'm sick of them trying to rip off my adverts and pictures! Trying to take my name and thinking they are going to get all my clients! 

****NEWSFLASH*** 
IT'S NOT GOING TO WORK! 

All my visitors who have seen me get the real deal! A genuine picture, real advert, !! Customer service with a smile! For those who have seen me, you would remember me as a one off stunner! A genuine young who provides a service not to be missed! And those who are yet to meet me, well be excited and take the opportunity while you can. 
I've been working in the industry for the past 4 years, well known on both the Gold Coast and through Brisbane for a high class service! 

WHAT YOU SEE IS WHAT YOU GET! 100% GENUINE 
I'm a tanned, tonned size 6 Australian babe with a European back ground. Long black silky hair, stunning bright green eyes, curves in all the right places, (enhanced) with perfectly shapped nipples and firm tight behind. well groomed and always provide a professional service. 

My service includes a full body massage, by a qualified masseuse provided on a massage table. I also include within my prices body slides both front and back along with hand relief. I do not offer any additional extras nor a full service.

I am located in Southport, within a private appartment. I provide showering facilities, clean towels and my complex does provide free on site guest parking.

PRICES- $70 4 15MINS, $100 4 1/2HR, $150 4 45MINS OR $180 FOR THE HR

Gemma - lee xx 
P.H. 0411 697 911 TXT OR CALL FOR INFO OR A BOOKING

AUZZIE STUNNER - 23YO -A1 SERVICE- SOUTHPORT INCALLS ONLY!, Southport


Floor: #4
Post Time: 20th September 2013, 08:46 AM
Poster ID: gcmale
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Now it makes sense, I thought i had seen the ad before, or at least the pics.  I figured the other girl must have been Gemma-lee, blonde, bolt ons, tanned etc, but instead they just ripped the ad from her.  I saw Gemma-lee last year and thought Ash must be working with her.  Oh well, at least the intel from here may save someone else.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 6th February 2014, 10:44 AM
Poster ID: gcmale
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
This number has just come up on Locanto, new to town, new to the industry etc.  I wonder if its the same girl or just the same number with a new lady?


Floor: #6
Post Time: 6th February 2014, 12:40 PM
Poster ID: wingmanstinson
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hi gcmale, I noticed the same thing. It looks like the girls the aussie girls massaging in Southport (ash, ayla, now jade, Bianca Kerr, the list goes on) must all be massaging from the one place as Ash mentioned a manager (aka pimp) when the session was running over time. It would also indicate why they are charging such high amounts for their massages. 

So it may be a new girl, but same management mate.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 6th February 2014, 01:11 PM
Poster ID: payforplay
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I have seen the add, always makes me laugh new to town & the industry, alot of seasoned punters know the go & the girls know it to...its for all the new guys or guys that believe they getitng a fresh girl new to the scene.


