Thread Title: Ashley - Labrador - 0438 772 589 - AVOID AVOID AVOID
Floor: #1
Post Time: 3rd October 2017, 05:38 PM
Poster ID: wingmanstinson
Post Title: 
 Ashley - Labrador - 0438 772 589 - AVOID AVOID AVOID
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Ashley

Establishment : Private Shithole in Labrador

Date of Visit : Sunday

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0438 772 589 http://goldcoast.locanto.com.au/ID_1...ssie-girl.html

Hours of Business : 9-6pm 7 Days

Rates : $100 / hr  - Plus $50 for a topless HJ whilst she wears a fucking GLOVE! Yes I repeat a GLOVE

Age : Mid 30's

Size/shape : Skinny and Tall

Nationality or Ethnicity : First Peoples I think

Services Provided : Fucking appalling massage

Value for money/recommend? : FUCK NO

My experience/comments :

DO NOT SEE THIS LADY

DO NOT SEE THIS LADY

I will keep this nice and short but not so sweet!

This lady is from Melbourne and charges $150 for a topless massage with relief.

What she forgets to tell you is that she does the relief with a glove!!!

This lady works out of a decrepid house in Labrador. When I left there were 4 cars in the driveway so if you value discretion, stay out!

The Massage itself is not sensual nor therapeutic. Not Painful but not comfortable! 

After close to 40 mins on my back I was praying for the back part to finish only to be told to turn over and as I was adjusting I noticed a glove being applied to her hand.

Now this lady's excuse is that her friend got something jerking some block off. And then she says her friend had an open wound on her hand! Who the fuck massages with an open wound on their hand??? Let alone who would allow for it to happen as a client?

After a few minutes I told her that I had a clean bill of health and that I wasn't feeling anything. She then said she wouldn't take the glove off but instead she'd give me my $50 bucks back.

Afterwards, she then had the guts to tell me that I got her topless for free. I don't think it counts if you're an A Cup!

To say I was pissed off was an understatement, I showered the litany of oil off me and I was on my way. 

Officially the worst service I've received since I've joined this site.

DO NOT SEE THIS LADY

DO NOT SEE THIS LADY


Floor: #2
Post Time: 7th November 2017, 06:24 AM
Poster ID: pussywrangler
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
warning, she has changed names and phone numbers... must be trying to get some more blokes in hoping no one will do any research!! good save wingman and thank you for the heads up!

http://goldcoast.locanto.com.au/ID_1...i-massage.html    - goes by 'jess'
http://goldcoast.locanto.com.au/ID_1...i-massage.html      - 'emily'

and thats the new number

0447 543 636


