Thread Title: Aussie Alice, Mermaid Beach, 0456 883 828
Floor: #1
Post Time: 3rd February 2016, 01:35 PM
Poster ID: gcmale
Post Title: 
 Aussie Alice, Mermaid Beach, 0456 883 828
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Alice

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 30/1/16

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :   ausalice.wix.com/massage and Locanto

Hours of Business : not sure

Rates : $120 half $200 the hour sensual massage 

Age : mid 20s

Size/shape : size 10, b cups, tall

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : Massage with a handjob

Value for money/recommend? : Yes, as she is hot!

My experience/comments : Only back on the Goldy for a day, and wanted to get the jetlag massaged out of me.  I looked on the Locanto site, and it seems to have really lost the quality ladies found there in the past. Whilst scouring the ads this one popped up to the top, so straight on the website that linked off it to a homemade webpage, grabbed Alice's number and gave her a call. To my surprise she actually answered, confirmed the pics are her and told me to come straight over, if I was keen.

10 minutes later inside the door looking at a tall girl, in a bikini, with a body like Elle Macpherson, with smaller bust, but hot as! I showered and got on the table, she asked if there was any areas giving me problems, I told her about this muscle that wouldn't soften and needed a lot of manipulation. Alice saw the funny side and said she would take a look at it shortly.

She gave a reasonable massage for about 15 minutes whilst I got a good eyeful in the mirror, and a handful as well, Alice didn't seem to mind and on the turnover really got to work, topless and allowing plenty of touching and giving a nice bodyslide as well. After the job was done, it was into the shower again and out the door.

Lately I haven't been reviewing as I have found a sugarbaby that meets most of my needs, but when she isn't around I will still take one for the team.  I reckon this little gem won't be around too long before a massive price hike, or she will just dissappear, like the good ones always seem to.


