Thread Title: Ava-Bella - Kedron - 0417 610 964
Floor: #1
Post Time: 14th August 2016, 05:37 PM
Poster ID: wingmanstinson
Post Title: 
 Ava-Bella - Kedron - 0417 610 964
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Ava-Bella

Establishment : Private Unit in Kedron

Date of Visit : 13/08/2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0417 610 964

Hours of Business : Varies

Rates : 130/Hr

Age : Late 30's

Size/shape : Natural E Cup Titties, Size 12 maybe 14 uptop but not saggy stomach, Her ass could have been anywhere between a 12-16

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : RNT

Value for money/recommend? : Hmm Maybe 

My experience/comments : I have seen this bird advertising for the last 3 years and I tell you what curiosity finally got the better out of me. 

Having worked away in the dungeon for most of the morning, I teed up a time and with a full tank of Fuel it was onto the M1 and Clem 7 for a solid hour drive. 

After waiting for 15 minutes in my car (i was early), Ava finally gave out her unit number and when I got to the door I was greeted by a rather tall (for a lady anyway) statuesque figure clad in a Playboy Bra and T-string. 

From the get go I will say that Ava is really blunt and I don't think she really has a tolerance for seedy guys so I think you have to treat her with the utmost respect. (Wow, this sounds like I'm advertising but I'm being totally honest here). 

After nuding up, The massage gets going in her lounge room.  Aside from near the end, there wasn't much tickle tackle but Ava delivered a competent massage nonetheless and if you want a particular style, just tell her and she will listen which was a nice touch. 

Her body slides aren't really much to write home about but if you love natural titties on a natural redhead I think you might like Ava.

On the Flip, Ava massages the legs and eventually gets her lube for the final countdown. 

The one thing that has me cautious about returning is while Ava doesn't understandably allow fingers or even touching down south, God (or whoever) clearly decided to take a break whilst sculpting Ava's Ass. Don;t get me wrong I love my curvy women but Ava's ass just lacks any sense of shape. It's just big. So instead of having any individual bodily identity her Ass is merely just an extension of her Legs. 

I'm not sure if Ava offers any extras but i guess we'll have to find out. 

Enjoy lads.


