Thread Title: Ayla - Southport - 0401 544 287
Floor: #1
Post Time: 14th September 2013, 11:51 AM
Poster ID: wingmanstinson
Post Title: 
 Ayla - Southport - 0401 544 287
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Ayla

Establishment : Private Appartment, 52 Queen St, Queens Gem Appartments

Date of Visit : 8 September 2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0401 544 287

Hours of Business : 8am - 10pm

Rates : $180 / hr topless (in a G) or 200 / hr nude

Age : 19

Size/shape : Size 6 - 8, perky b cups, a bit of tattoos, brunette

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian (Claimed to be brazilian though )

Services Provided : Massage with Hand relief and body slides, but does offer FS if you have really deep pockets

Value for money/recommend? : FUCK NO. 

My experience/comments : 

I will keep this review as short as wingmanly possible (if you haven't already noticed I tend to write essays as reviews). After wasting my time voting for an election that had already been won, It was once again time to blow off some steam. Unfortunately, the Electoral Commission makes it compulsory for even massage ladies to vote and finding a girl on this fateful Saturday was proving to be a mission, even with the many regulars I know that do a good job. 

After going through my phone history, I eventually resorted to Locanto where there was an ad for a blonde size 6 aussie girl. After calling I soon realised that the number must have been shared and it was then that I discovered that this joint venture must have been the same that I had once visited before and had a great time in doing so. 

Accordingly, after vital stats were given out, Ayla agreed to see me within 15 minutes for an hour, and after waiting near the convenience store, the address was given with the go ahead to ring the door bell to get through the apartments. After knocking I was greeted by a fairly good looking brunette with a nice body wrapped in a figure hugging dress. 

First thing, I was told to take a shower, this really shits me off when the moment arises, especially when one is as fresh as a daisy, but oh well, as long as it doesn't count in to my time, i usually don't mind. Now it's on to the massage table, and I must say Ayla has a hot body, well toned, nice perky boobs and an ass that screams ANAL!!! After a mediocre massage for ten minutes, I was asked to roll over to which I replied "already", and she answered "an hour goes quickly". It was at this moment that I knew I was going to get jibbed for my money (When I last came here however, i was there for a long while, no complaints by Dani who was working at the time). 

After attacking the Mars Rover (which some american's would say is a federal offence ) I was then told that I only had 3 minutes left to come, HOLD UP, we were in an hour session and I had seriously been on the table for less than 20 minutes, I was well annoyed. She then claims that she saw the clock wrong, and excuses herself to pee. 

After coming back, she gives me a quick body slide and then gets back to the Mars Rover, soon enough, she then alerts me to the time. The next ten minutes could be summarised as furious handling of the Mars Rover along with Rhetoric as to how my time includes a shower post and pre massage and that I had come to see her at a particular time of day (even though the time she claimed the session to start at was the time I contacted her by phone seeking an appointment) and her looking back and forth at the clock. 

I ended up coming, had a shower, and made my way out of there, within 56 minutes of arriving which included two showers. 

Yes, I know, be careful what you wish for especially when you pay such money for a punt, but heck, this venue has delivered before and with great results may I add. 

Now one last thing, this girl is a terrible liar, she claimed she had only been her from brazil for three months, not only did she have english worded tatts but one does not simply develop an aussie accent within 3 months, especially one which would signify that she was from the Country. A few other questions about her involvement with this appartment were answered falsely, however, for the anonymity of others, I will refrain from detailing such. 

She is a beautiful looking girl no doubt but she has an attitude, is a systemic liar, and she should be taught a lesson. 

Looks: 9/10
Massage: 3/10
Hand Job: 4/10

Overall: 2/ 10 for the aforementioned reasons. 

Now, I took one for the team, so let's hope no other reviews on this girl are had. We don't need more than one gullible fucker like myself, wasting their money. 

Wingman (albeit slightly deflated having forced myself to write this review )


