Thread Title: Barbie - Holland Park - 0434 678 809
Floor: #1
Post Time: 23rd January 2016, 05:29 AM
Poster ID: masterj
Post Title: 
 Barbie - Holland Park - 0434 678 809
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Angie (ad says Barbie)

Establishment : private residence

Date of Visit : 19.1.16

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 
http://brisbane.locanto.com.au/ID_60...eal-photo.html

Hours of Business : unknown (i went through the day)

Rates : FS $120/30  180/60
           Massage from $100/30 

Age : prob mid 30's (ad says 20)

Size/shape : slight frame, long hair, prob c cups, thin

Nationality or Ethnicity : singapore (ad says japanese)

Services Provided : massage HE

Value for money/recommend? : NO

My experience/comments 
Booking via text was easy, says she was offering a "hot sexy massage with amazing blow job incl prostate massage today for $100). Replied that i didnt like prostate work could i lick pussy or 69 instead? She said that she " cannot do " which was disappointing, let her know i prob needed FS really anyway. Got back to her 10min later and booked a 30min session (ran short of time to organise something else)

Angie was working from a private residence close to Logan road that had a forsale sign out the front. When she opened the door i was pretty sure she wasn't the one in the photo and thought about walking, but i needed something and she wasn't a jaded professional, so i walked in. The house is empty bar the bed, which had a clean white towel on fresh sheets. She showed visible excitement when she grabbed the money. Came back to the room and stripped down showing me a decent body for her age.

She sat kneeled/sat beside me as she gave me a kneading type massage, one side then carefully hopped over me and did the otherside, absolutley nothing sexual. Same thing on the front, did accidently grab half my sack when doing the thighs! it was a dry massage (no oil no powder) So i am laying there wondering how this is going to go. Bedside table had the usual baby oil, big lube bottle and a box of assorted condoms, and i am looking around the room as she is all curled up and not allowing any touch. 

Time comes and she reaches over and puts a bit of baby oil on and starts tugging away, still nothing sexual and i am watching the ceiling fan spin, and a bit of a surreal feeling in the heat makes me smile.  She got a decent rise out of me with her finger work coming from the top rather than making a fist of it. Decided after awhile that i would touch her and see if that was ok, i caressed the underside of her breast and ran over the nipple every now and then, to no response and then the other breast, her face visible softened and became flushed and she quickened her technique. So i locked down and prolonged the inevitable, she was getting a little flustered so began the breathing (presumed it was fake) then soon with the 'come baby'I relented ass it was time to end this punt and shot off a couple of squirts.

Not the girl in the ad, not what i was after, not good value, maybe she was filling in for the day to make some cash as showed no inclination to use the lube or condoms. masterj


