Floor: #1
Post Time: 5th February 2015, 05:21 PM
Poster ID: hgry1
Post Title: 
 Beach Babe - Chevron/Surfers -  0422 185 737
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Beach Babe

Establishment : Private Residence

Date of Visit : Jan 15

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Locanto - Beach Babe , numerous ads

Hours of Business : 9 till late - check i guess

Rates : 100-30 200-60

Age : Early 20's

Size/shape : Very Slim, B Cups, Long blond (dyed?) hair, some tasteful ink.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Caucasian

Services Provided : Massage and more

Value for money/recommend? : Yes plus Yes

I dont know where to start for this one. Perusing locanto saw this ad listed for a while - eventually found myself in a position to make contact and see what transpired. 

Inital txt enquiry quickly responded to and a time set for same day, then on arrival there was some difficulty keeping initial appointment time - she seemed to have double booked with a shorter visit and squeezed another punter in before me but I wasnt in a hurry so I held my breath for 20 minutes and true to her word she had the other punter in and out in 20.

I was met at the door by what looked like a shy skinny teen but she said she was in her 20's. A couple of quick jokes had her smiling and I was off to the cool shower I so needed after 20 minutes walking around in the heat.

On return to the massage room I was met with mood lighting, a padded massage table and sexy girl in a gstring. A gentle massage with way way too much baby oil followed with some light banter and then it was time for a few bodyslides back and front. Up to now I was having a nice time but not a great time. 

Then it all changed... I was treated to 15 minutes of front bodyslide, gentle kisses and dare I say it outercourse with all parts of her body, hands, breasts, stomach, and gstring clad nether regions, rubbing my little guy into a state of immense pleasure and the expected ending.

45 mins ok, 15 mins fantastic.

All in all a worthwhile visit and while probably a little pricey - yes I've already been back


