Thread Title: Bianca - Southport - 0420 796 827
Floor: #1
Post Time: 9th October 2013, 03:03 PM
Poster ID: wingmanstinson
Post Title: 
 Bianca - Southport - 0420 796 827
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Bianca

Establishment : Working out of a private unit in Southport set up for a bunch of massage girls

Date of Visit : 6 October 2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0420796827 / Found her ad in Locanto but noticed she uses a different one each day, as do all girls working with her. 

Hours of Business : Not Sure

Rates : $120 / Hour

Age : Mid - Late 20's

Size/shape : Very Slim Size 8 (Almost Anorexic) with large and natural D cups

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : Massage with Happy Ending

Value for money/recommend? : For the price it was okay, but it all depends on your taste with this one. 

My experience/comments : 

Having seen Bianca's ad on Locanto claiming she was a size 8 with a D cup offering a nude massage with a happy ending, I was more than ready, willing and able to have some fun and / or take one for the team at the very least. 

Her Booking structure is easy enough to navigate through however keep in mind she will only take calls outside of appointments (yes, she has manners unlike the asian girls). I came up to the room and was greeted by a very skinny girl with an okay face wearing a sarong over her bikini. Now the first thing I noticed about Bianca was not her crazily natural set of boobs, but her tattoos! Whilst not overly off putting, if you dont like women in sleeves, I'd suggest you steer clear. 

Upon getting undressed, she informed me that for her hour bookings she has a happy start as well as a happy ending and I naturally agreed to her giving me relief twice, seriously, why the fuck would I not . Being new to the industry her hand relief wasn't the greatest and needed quite a lot of instruction from me before I eventually came however, I must say for a newbie doing this only on her second day, her massage was quite good, and she knew not to push it overly hard given she knew the consequences of a massage that hits the wrong spots (unlike some ladies). 

Now, I must digress and say, as much as I enjoyed my time with Bianca, she is definitely a talker and I she obviously has some skeletons in her closet. I noticed that alot of her left thigh had shown very visible scarring resonating a time where one might cut themself for self pleasure, now each to their own here, I'm not trying to put out my own personal views here, but I found this a bit off-putting.   

All up, for 120 quid, I see no problem in Bianca working for what is pretty good value especially knowing that most aussie girls would charge in the vicinity of 150+ for the hour with only one time for relief. Finally, Bianca did say she allowed touching in her never regions however, it was her time of the month which was made visibly clear by the unfortunate display of string 

Enjoy guys, and for all you gc boys out there, enjoy the sunshine


