Thread Title: Bonnie, Private Mature - Labrador - 0406 183 700
Floor: #1
Post Time: 11th February 2015, 01:26 PM
Poster ID: caybee
Post Title: 
 Bonnie, Private Mature - Labrador - 0406 183 700
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Bonnie

Establishment : Private Duplex off central St.

Date of Visit : 9.Feb. 2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Ph..0406 183700. Advertises in the Gold Coast Bulletin about twice a week.

Hours of Business : 9 am till evening

Rates : $80. half hr.

Age : Says 55. But more like 63-65

Size/shape : Was once slim.but typical shape for her age (thick around the middle) 'D' cups

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie? Maybe a slight Kiwi accent. 

Services Provided : Massage HE.

Value for money/recommend? : NO!!!

My experience/comments : .

In my last review I mentioned that I had been trying to connect with a Cauc lady without success; this was the one. I wish now, that I'd lost the phone number. Rocked up at the arranged time. Was greeted at the door by a woman who appeared a lot older than the 55yrs stated in our phone conversation and not really my type but with a pleasant enough attitude; as I was on foot I decided to stay....My mistake!! As I was hot and sweaty I asked for,and was granted a shower.Returned and on with the action. What can I say? The massage was no more than a light body rub for about 10-15 mins, in no way erotic or satisfying.She then started rubbing and caressing the equipment(not very erotically), Was asked turn over and the attention to the jewels continued...To no avail!...no matter how much she tried Caybee Jr was just...... She then asked, if she got the pups(dogs) out would it make a difference? to which I replied that it couldn't hurt to try. She did so, but not a movement from Jr..It didn't matter as I had already decided to opt out and go elsewhere. She continued on with the massage and caressing till the 1/2 hr was up. I then had another quick shower, paid up(she still took the $80.even though there was no happy end...Although she did try) and was on my not so merry way....With 20/20 hindsight, I should have walked but for the above reason I didn't
Probably one of the most  disappointing things was that her clothes stayed on the whole time.(not that she would look any good without them) But for 80 bucks one could reasonably expect a nude service. All other Cauc ML's I have visited over the years have done so for this price.. To add insult to injury, she would allow no touching at all......So, my advice would be to avoid.. Not worth the price of the phone call.
When I left her I made my way to Happy Dragon to try to rectify what was a totally disappointing punt..(Review to follow)

Has anyone else had similar encounter with this lady?? I did a thorough search through Ausxxx and could find no reference to her...So... It looks I may have taken one for the team.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 25th February 2015, 10:44 AM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Bonnie's Locanto ad, http://goldcoast.locanto.com.au/ID_3...l-Massage.html





			
				Sensual Massage - 55
LABRADOR: Attractive mature lady who has a beautiful touch offers a senuous relaxing full body massage. You won't be disappointed....Call me 0406 183 700


Floor: #3
Post Time: 10th January 2016, 08:18 AM
Poster ID: sammystead
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hey mate I went and saw her last year. If it hadn't been for being so horny that day I wouldn't have made it across the line. She's not great on the eye. I went to say a lady in Labrador advertises on Locanto and her username is pommy doll. She was much better


