Thread Title: Bow - Labrador - 0491 034 875
Floor: #1
Post Time: 2nd June 2018, 11:56 AM
Poster ID: niteowl
Post Title: 
 Bow - Labrador - 0491 034 875
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Bow


Establishment : Private in Labrador


Date of Visit : 07/05/2018


Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0491 034 875 ad on Locanto was removed last I checked but could still be seen in Google cache.  The house looked to be set up for massage, so I'd be surprised if the ad doesn't reappear.


Hours of Business : Check ad if available


Rates : Various options and specials - $50 for 30 mins and advertises extras available


Age : Mid twenties maybe


Size/shape : Tall with a bit of padding


Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai/Dutch


Services Provided : Nude RnT


Value for money/recommend? : 50/50


Bow operates out of a private house in Labrador.  Older area, but her house is OK and is kind of set up to be a massage business downstairs (kind of). Bow is reasonably tall (probably the Dutch) and attractive in a tomboyish way.  Friendly and easy to talk to.  I initially chose just a 30 min massage which includes happy ending.


The massage itself was pretty good, though nothing to write home about. On the flip I enquired what extras were available and she offered nude for an extra $100.  I only had $70 in my pocket, so that turned out to be enough.  $100 is a bit exy, but you know how it is in the heat of the moment.  Bow gets into nude massage a bit more than your average parlour worker, getting up on the table with my cock between her legs, wanking my cock like it was hers (if can picture that). Now I'm not into this kind of thing, but there was plenty of pussy rubbing on my balls at this point. She moved off the table to stand beside me at which point I had easy access to her pussy. I commented about how wet she was, and she responded with "I am human too", so it's nice to know she was enjoying herself too. I was allowed deep access with fingers, and moaning put me over the edge pretty quickly.


Nice clean up and on my way.  Sounds like better than my 50/50 rating on paper, but I'm not really into having our "bits" touch uncovered, so despite getting caught up in the moment, I'm marking down for that.  I'd prefer to be asked if I like that sort of thing, just like I always ask if touching between the legs is OK.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 4th June 2018, 02:11 PM
Poster ID: foolishmortal
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Bow
Establishment : Private in Labrador
Date of Visit : 4/6/2018
Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0491 034 875 
Hours of Business : works most days except Wednesday and Sunday ; 9-5 pm
Rates : Various options and specials - $60/half + $70 extra
Age : twenties
Size/shape : Tall with a bit of padding but still quite pleasing on the eye. Totally into her short hair!
Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai/Dutch
Services Provided : RnT + DATY / other extras available
Value for money/recommend? : yes but a bit pricey

I had a day off today and itching for some release when I saw @niteowl's post and was intrigue but his experience. Since Labrador/Southport are my regular punting grounds and all other options were busy we opted to see this ML. Bow works from a house in Harris Street which is also the same street where Tiffany works as well. The premises looked spacious and had a few massage rooms available. It turns out that Bow alternates working there with other ML(they don't work at the same time for legalities). I found Bow to be hot with just a little hint of plumpness and her short hair cut was a turn on. Massage was more on the relaxing side only and would only recommend seeing her of 30 minutes and Bow even acknowledged it. Part 2 was a little better and Bow had a teasing hand to get me warmed up before the turn over. I did find her extras pricing to be slightly more expensive as she asked for $100 for nude. Following @Niteowl's lead, I only had $70 on me and we negotiated to eat her out instead of nude. Her pussy tasted nice and I got to taste her cum so I was happier for that and she finished me off by straddling my leg while giving me HE. All in all, I found Bow to be ok but a little more pricier that the girls of Hicks Street but her service was enjoyable enough.


