Thread Title: Bree, Sexy blonde Kiwi - Coomera - 0475 417 382
Floor: #1
Post Time: 2nd October 2014, 08:48 PM
Poster ID: Warebegone
Post Title: 
 Bree, Sexy blonde Kiwi - Coomera - 0475 417 382
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Bree

Establishment : private

Date of Visit : 29  August

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : GC Bulletin, private services 0475417382

Hours of Business : not stated, visited daytime.

Rates : from $100.

Age : mature mid 40's

Size/shape : average build, not slim, not fat, titties D cup.

Nationality or Ethnicity : NZ

Services Provided : FS or HJ, 

Value for money/recommend? : no, not for me, but others may like.

My experience/comments : (

as is usual now, phoned to arrange and given street, suburb but no street number until in street when you have phone again. 

Met the lady who was wearing long robe and showing lots of cleavage. Not unattractive and seemed friendly enough. Okay so I had arranged for 1/2 hour massage with HJ for $100. So I disrobed and lay on the bed. She asked me to lie face up and across the bed with legs dangling over edge. WTF?

Complied out of curiosity. ML removed robe to display nice rack, keeping panties in place. She then settled on her knees between my legs on edge of bed and proceeded to handle the meat and potatoes. In this position, it was impossible to see anything.

Whoa, what happened to massage, I asked?  After some discussion, she let me roll onto stomach and gave a very ordinary backrub. What about nude up for massage, I asked? She only nudes up for full service, which is kind of helpful of her, I guess. 

After a very short time, she had me roll onto back again for same on front and then dived onto the cock to quickly finish me off. I conceded, simply to get out of there. 

She said her main line is full service, which is as well, cause she will never make it as ML. Admittedly her ad is in Private Services column , which is apparently code for full service? Anyone?

Looks 6/10
sensuality 3/10
massage 2/10
hand job 4/10


Floor: #2
Post Time: 3rd October 2014, 05:53 AM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Bree's GCB ad,





			
				BREE $0 Surfers Paradise, QLD
Description: Sexy blonde Kiwi, for your every desire. Coomera area. Ph: 0475 417 382
Date Listed: 29/09/14
Ad ID: 1091999V2
Also posted in: Gold Coast Bulletin
Views:  13
- See more at: http://webcache.googleusercontent.co....lkfnkVnu.dpuf


Bree's Locanto ad,http://goldcoast.locanto.com.au/ID_1...GENTLEMEN.html





			
				BREE IS HERE FOR YOUR EVERY DESIRE GENTLEMEN - 40
Hey Boys, after some hot fun,with me..then read on
My name is Bree, Formly summa I am a hot and stunning kiwi, with long blonde hair, 5'2 slim build, and dreamy hazel eyes.
I offer a full service and also do some fantasies. Don't be shy ask me what your into, I may be able to cater for your every desire.

Do you want a little bit ......., maybe some spanking, maybe some dressing up..I am respectful and discrete and I do expect the same
I also provide a professional unrushed
Passionate sensual service if thats wat
U so desire
Sorry guys i do not provide greek nor to
I provide natural services
Wat i do provide is an unforgetable
Pleasurable time with me that will make u want
To cum bk and spend time with.me again

Well boy's yr've had the rest now cum try the best

Availability....mon to thurs-9am-6pm

I provide incalls during the day and outcalls during the evening.
Outcalls by appt.only

I hv a private residence,descretion assured and off st.parking avail.

So cum one...cum all...u will not be disappointed,that I can assure u.

If I miss yr call plz leave me a msg and I will get bk to u as sn as I can...or u can txt me and I will txt u bk if that is easier for u.
Apologies to all,but,i will not accept private numbers...
my contact details r as follows...0475417382

I do provide an outcall service to yr establishment as long as you are the business gentleman type...I will not cm to yr establishment if you are intoxicated by any mean's...
plz call/txt if you would like further detail's about a booking in the wkend's prior to yr arrival to the gold coast if possible and we will discuss my fee's etc....

I am looking forward to meeting you all....
YR DESIRE IS MY PLEASURE GENTLEMEN
cheers bree,xx



I reside in coomera...5mins from the bk of dreamworld....foxwell rd...past the station...onto finnigan way...past the school...then couple streets off their...easy easy


Floor: #3
Post Time: 3rd October 2014, 06:00 AM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by Warebegone


Person's Name : Bree

Establishment : private
.
.
Admittedly her ad is in Private Services column , which is apparently code for full service? Anyone? ...
"""



Thank you for your review Warebegone.

Good review.

In my experience, those advertising in Personals > Adult Services of newspapers are invariably advertising FS.

Likewise many FS ladies use the term 'massage' in their ads eg





			
				??? SOPHIE ???Size 6, busty, hot, full body massage. 0470 385 902
			
		

Those that do not do FS usually say so.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 13th February 2015, 12:15 PM
Poster ID: mikethepunter
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Summa (but same number as Bree)

Establishment : In-Call in Coomera

Date of Visit : 13 Feb 2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Gold Coast Bulletin Ad, 0475 417 382

Hours of Business : Didn't say, saw her at 10am

Rates : 120 / half-hour

Age : mid to late 40's

Size/shape : Average build, a bit soft around the edges

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : She says "gfe" full service

Value for money/recommend? : YES/Not really

My experience/comments :

Have literally just come back from seeing this girl after finding her number in the paper (under Summa) and deciding to take a punt. She's in Coomera, on the dreamworld side of the highway, just off Foxwell Rd. After I saw her I found this post based on her phone number, I sort of wished I'd read it beforehand given the experience!

I spoke to her on the phone and she seemed nice, promised a GFE, so I rang her back and asked to book. When I rang back she seemed accepting but not excited, which should have tipped me off, but anyway I kept on going. When I got there, I was greeted at the door by a much older woman than I expected (she didn't mention her age on the phone) wearing fishnet stockings and a little plaid skirt with a silk robe over the top. As I say in the description above, she was attractive enough, but definitely in her 40's!

I walked in and she complained I should have rung beforehand before escorting me upstairs. When we got there she took off the robe to reveal some nice tits, and told me to take my clothes off and put them on a chair. The whole thing was very unemotional and by the numbers, and then she asked me to lay on the bed (like Warebegone above, with my legs dangling over the edge) and started to play with my cock with lube, before sliding a condom on and doing some sucking. At this point I must admit I was wondering where the GFE went, but I stuck with it until little Mike decided he was bored and drooped a little. She didn't seem to like this and went back and forth from wanking to sucking, trying to get a "rise" from me, but not really doing enough of one thing to keep me interested, so in the end she lay on the bed and I wanked over the top of her to finish. 

It certainly wasn't the punter experience I was expecting, but I just seemed to struggle with the circumstances to get anywhere I wanted to be. The whole thing felt so cookie cutter and functional, there was no passion, and of course as I noted basically nothing that I'd class as GFE. For contrast, I have seen Rachel in Southport quite a few times, and even though I've seen her enough to know that the routine is always the same (backrub, body slide, front rub, tits on cock, lick around your crotch etc), she always makes it feel like she's having fun with it, like she's enjoying herself doing it, and I totally missed this with Bree/Summa. Perhaps she was just having a bad day, but if the review above is any indication she has had more than one. And of course, somebody needs to explain to this girl what GFE means, there was no GFE in the experience at all (I didn't even get a kiss on the cheek when I left!).

Overall, a fairly dissapointing punt for me, just totally average and unexciting, could find much better ways to spend my money. Next time I use AXR as my guide, no more Gold Coast Bulletin!


