Thread Title: Bridgette - Surfers Paradise - 0424 364 587
Floor: #1
Post Time: 9th April 2012, 10:16 PM
Poster ID: bobgray80
Post Title: 
 Bridgette - Surfers Paradise - 0424 364 587
				
Post Content: 
Has anyone tried Bridgette yet ? Stictly no extras! Thinking of giving her a call, but would appreciate if anyone had an experience... 

Erotic Massage Gold Coast - Adult Relaxation, Adult Massage, Surfers Paradise


Floor: #2
Post Time: 18th December 2012, 08:48 PM
Poster ID: gooseberry
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I experienced Bridgette 3 years ago. Not a bad body, nice size boobs and did enjoy. 
As her advert says no extra services but her body was certainly nice to touch.
Great ending and an enjoyable experience. She is reasonably cultured and deserves respect.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 20th June 2013, 04:38 PM
Poster ID: wingmanstinson
Post Title: 
 Bridgette - Massage / Surfers Paradise
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Bridgette

Establishment : Private (Massage)

Date of Visit : 17/6/2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :  0424 364 587

Hours of Business : Varies (Works by appointment only)

Rates : 180 / her

Age : Early - mid 30's (Claim's 28 though)

Size/shape : Size 10 Curvy with nice perky c cup boobs

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : RnT

Value for money/recommend? : Good, but maybe a bit overpriced (like most other massages for that matter)

My experience/comments : 

I have been going through a stage of my life where punting is not a privilege it's almost a right, in which i have seen many girls over a small period of time. Bridgette is one of these girls. After seeing her ad pop through quite a few internet classified sites, i figured it was finally time to test the water with Bridgette. 

From the get go, Bridgette was very clear that she offered a naked massage with a happy ending, and at the time, this is what i was up for. After arranging a time and calling her for the final confirmation address, Bridgette greeted me in most suitable plain clothes attire where she led me up to her room. 

Once in the room (which Bridgette had warmed up with the heater, thank God!!! - it's been freezing lately especially for on the Gold Coast), I was offered a shower and was asked to get naked after which Bridgette kindly followed my lead and got undressed too. 

Bridgette had a lovely curvy body (she claims she put on 10 kilos though) with curves in all the right places, tits that feel so amazing and an ass that falls into your hands everytime it's cupped, not to mention a cute little landing strip. 

Once on the table, Bridgette used a variety of nice strokes to get me all comfortable, and then proceeded to place warm oil on me for what was a fairly nice full back massage. The massage was pretty well done, but not quite spine tingling as i'd like to be, but let's face it, if you are wanting a massage, you would go to a physiotherapist.

After finishing up on my back, Bridgette worked my legs intentionally rubbing up against my balls each time. I was then asked to turn over where Bridgette played with my leg's for a bit before moving onto my cock. This had to be obviously the best part of my massage, as Bridgette really did get stuck into it whilst giving me an access pass to her tits and ass. Now i would have liked to touch down below, but Bridgette was fairly clear about this, and the few attempts of my fingers were quickly thwarted. Nevertheless, Bridgette worked it good, and i came quite spectacularly. 

Bridgette then offered me a shower which i gladly accepted to rub off all the oils. 

Bridgette is great company, well spoken, friendly and has a nice body, now, whether 180 is worth her service? This is a different question, by all means she does a great service but is 180 really worth a one hour massage with a quick hand job? I guess this is for you to answer?


