Thread Title: Brooke - Runaway Bay - 0415 971 150
Floor: #1
Post Time: 28th January 2014, 10:56 AM
Poster ID: wingmanstinson
Post Title: 
 Brooke - Runaway Bay - 0415 971 150
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Brooke

Establishment : Private Unit in Runaway Bay

Date of Visit : 27 January 2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0415971150, http://goldcoast.locanto.com.au/ID_213601491/busty-babe-offering-an-intimate-and-sensual-massage-xxx.html

Hours of Business : 

Rates : 200 / hour, 20 panties off + 20 for light fingering

Age : early - mid 20's

Size/shape : size 14 (maybe even a 16), massive boobs, fat but firm ass

Nationality or Ethnicity : Kiwi

Services Provided : Massage + HJ

Value for money/recommend? : NO / HELL NO 

My experience/comments : 

Excuse me for another rant, but it seems like when it comes to taking one for the team, i'm the only sucker willing to do so, or at least report back to everyone about it. 

Failing to find any decent cauc massage girls, I thought I would take a stab in the dark with brooke who informed me that she was a size 10-12 and 10E all natural. She also mentioned that she doesn't remove her corset during the massage but everything is fair game. 

After finally arranging a time on the public holiday, I got to brooke's appartment and was greeted behind the door by brooke and this is where I should have run, brooke was probably a size 14 with a nice enough face but the consumer's rights group of my brain should have told me that 200 is way too much to pay for this girl! Don't get me wrong but she is a nice girl with a nice enough body that is well proportioned so she may have been worth it for 100/150 but not 200 but that's okay, I Digress. 

So she first asked me to have a shower, but being cleanly shaven and showered, she understood my need not to and the massage got underway. 

The massage, was okay, not great and it was clear that like most that join this industry in need of a quick dime, she hasn't actually been trained in any way. To her credit though she is nice enough to chat to and we talked about the indsutry and her situation extensively to the point where I discovered she actually use to work with Jasmine that worked in Miami (which would explain the pricing structure but clearly she needs to invest in a mirror and understand that Jasmine is unlike her in any way shape or form). 

After what felt like barely half an hour of being on the front, she asked me to roll over for the T. 

Now the tug was nothing special but this is where I started to get annoyed, she pulled out the whole "are you going to cum for me, cause you've only got a few minutes left" even though it had felt like barely 40 minutes had past. Having had quite a few Hour sessions in the last year and working in a time charged industry, one understands time quite intricately.

Eventually I came and had a shower, getting dressed, I had a look at my phone and it was clear from the time of the massage, that with the shower included i Had been there for a whole 50 minutes. 

For a girl that use to work with Jasmine who was definitely not a stinge when it came to time, something didn't turn quite right for her. 

The deadly combination of misleading and deceptive conduct in her description as well as the excess overpricing, the ridiculous timing and the fact that she doesn't go nude, should make you understand why I am so pissed off writing this review but alas, someone has to take one for the team. 

Too Long Didn't Read: AVOID


Floor: #2
Post Time: 28th January 2014, 11:51 AM
Poster ID: HornyHoratio
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Disappointing to see you had a bad (and expensive!) punt, Wingman. If you're down Coolangatta way, suggest you try Afterglow - see my review: Katorina - Coolangatta - 0459 271 548. Still at $180/hr it's at the high end for RnT but Kat gives a good show with plenty of touching (no fingering). Also there is Isabella (includes prostate massage with glove) and Nadia (haven't seen her a while, not sure if she still works there) does a great service as well. All cauc ladies whom I've seen quite a number of times over the past 3 years without complaints - I guess too I've also built up a rapport with them over that time so they're more relaxed about some boundaries such as touching.

I've been frequenting this place over last few months as I haven't found and tried anyone better in this area.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 28th January 2014, 12:00 PM
Poster ID: wingmanstinson
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
PM Sent, HH!


