Thread Title: Caly Massage - Greenslopes - 0481 284 461
Floor: #1
Post Time: 28th July 2017, 08:28 PM
Poster ID: Curiousgeorge515
Post Title: 
 Caly Massage - Greenslopes - 0481 284 461
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Philippines Lady

Establishment : Private Residence

Date of Visit : July 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : locanto

Hours of Business : 9.00am - 9pm, 7days

Rates : 65 for 1 hour masssage (+$100 for nude hand job).

Age : 30's

Size/shape : Average / good talkative personality putting you at ease

Nationality or Ethnicity : Philippines

Services Provided : I had the hour massage, RNT, and HJ 

Value for money/recommend? : so-so

My experience/comments : 

Hello Punters,

On the back of another punter's review I decided to pay this place a visit.

It was easy enough to find with street parking (thought I wouldn't say it was ample). They operate from Logan St. 

Do not let the outside deceive you. The place is very well kept inside. They even have a no shoes policy (which is a first I've seen).

There were 3 ladies available. None of them I would consider stunning but having made the effort to get there I decided to proceed with the punt. 

The massage was $65/hr. While it is a bit more than the usual $60/hr I'm use to, the lady (from Philippines) sure knew what she was doing. It was a solid/decent massage. 

On the flip, i was quoted $100 for nude hj. I admit I am not as good negotiator as Lesh so I settled. Technique was good, nice rack. Proportion to her body size. I would say C cup, nice and firm. She was completely waxed/shaved and allow gentle figuring. 

 All in all, not a bad punt but nor would I consider it as a standout punt. Definitely need to learn how to negotiate better .

Cheers 
CG


Floor: #2
Post Time: 29th July 2017, 06:40 AM
Poster ID: nextlif
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
CuriousGeorge...some info for you on posting reviews which comply with our guidelines, and reviews being helpful to our members.
You haven't given us the ladies name, location, phone number, contact details and havent provided the link to her Locanto ad.

The review is pretty much useless to our members and there is not much point in posting a review minus these details. We dont know where she is or how to contact her.

If you are going to post your reviews on multiple sites, please add 'posted elsewhere' or something similar at the bottom of your reviews.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 4th August 2017, 04:45 PM
Poster ID: Curiousgeorge515
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
appreciate the feedback:

Help out where I can:

Name - sorry don't remember - they change too frequent, some asian name, cherry etc.
ph: 0481284461
ad: http://brisbane.cracker.com.au/Thera...touch/53341728
http://m.locanto.com.au/brisbane/ID_...sian-girl.html

Cheers

CG


Floor: #4
Post Time: 24th August 2017, 09:46 PM
Poster ID: Kontempt
Post Title: 
 CALY Massage - Stones Corner/Coorparoo - 0481 284 461
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Rose and  Eva

Establishment : Signs out front is Caly Massage

Date of Visit : August - 17

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : http://brisbane.locanto.com.au/ID_14...l-Special.html

Hours of Business : Open everyday 9am-9pm

Rates : 

Single girl massage!
$45 half hour
$65 full hour

Two girls massage!!
$80 for half hour
$120 for full hour

Age :   I reckon they were 20's and 40's

Size/shape : Both slim

Nationality or Ethnicity :  Phillipines

Services Provided : 2 girl massage with HJ

Value for money/recommend? :  Not for me....

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

This place messed me around last month but figured I'd give them another go as I was supposed to get a discount for them double booking. This didn't happen and was quite frustrating when I tried to discuss with the person running the phone. I turned up and they stuffed up again, had another patron leaving as  I was entering. I find that poor form, I don't need to be crossing paths with another gent who's enjoyed his massage.

We get onto the massage side of things... to be honest, not a bad massage. The issue I had was all the chatter. Just full on. Rose did apologise for talking so much, but still continued to talk. She also left the room for extended periods of time to answer phones and doors. This is even more frustrating when you pay for the entire time for 2 girls.

Rolling onto the hand job, i excused Eva and said her services weren't required ($50 per girl) and said I'd take the younger girl Rose. Her skills were good. Plenty of eye contact, nice slow action and followed instructions as to how i liked it.

Value for money wasn't there. Would I go back and try other girls? Maybe.... would I go Rose and Eva again.... No....

Rose did say that her and Eva work together exclusively.


