Thread Title: Carla Vallon, Tantra Mind Body Soul - Gold Coast - 0413 496 681
Floor: #1
Post Time: 16th May 2014, 10:21 AM
Poster ID: wingmanstinson
Post Title: 
 Carla Vallon, Tantra Mind Body Soul - Gold Coast - 0413 496 681
				
Post Content: 
I have seen this lady advertise firstly in the Gold Coast Bulletin and now it would appear she is starting to advertise on the infamous Locanto website. She has a website which includes a description of her service but with these Tantric practitioners you never actually know what you're going to get. Whilst I note she does offer a lingam massage some practitioners will not necessarily mean it to be a happy ending. I'm not in the mood of blowing more than 2 avocado's to find out and for some reason I can't get a hold of this woman, but if anyone has been or is wanting to TOFTT, please let me know. 

Cheers,

Wingman

HERE ARE THE LINKS:

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Tantra Mind Body Soul, gold coast

Tantra Mind Body. Soul - Home/ contact information






 Originally Posted by GCB Advertisment

 Sacred Sexuality, and relaxation Ph: 0413 496 681 









 Originally Posted by Locanto Ad

Get a taste of enlightenment with a deeply sensual Tantra massage session! 
0413 496 681

www.tantramindbodysoul.com

Carla Vallon is a professional tantra coach and healer that resides in the Gold Coast QLD. She uses tantra meditation, energy work and ancient sensual massage to heal and restore clients to their natural state of being- a state of bliss! 
Carla coaches and heals men, women, couples and groups in sacred sexuality in order for them to release any emotional, sexual, spiritual and physical energy blocks. 
Her sessions are relaxing, healing, comforting, supportive, sensual, spiritual and awakening. Carla's sessions are no less than 2 hours each.

Welcome sacred sexuality Tantra practices into your everyday life and experience transcendence. 

Each time we make love we release enough energy to create a whole new life. When we don't want to conceive, if we know the techniques, we can choose to consciously channel that huge force into creating our lives the way that we want them to be. This power is limitless.

Media today trivialises it and relegates sex to a recreational activity- a kind of mutual masturbation for merely genital stimulation. Sex is sacred and if done properly, can connect us the divine. The challenge is to allow the female to build to a huge crescendo of multiple, successive, intense orgasms and for the male to be able to control his release so that she can- learn this ancient practice and change your life. 

This is not 'full service'. This session is not about Carla's sexuality but rather about tapping in to your sensuality- Carla is honored to serve you and holds a space which is safe, sacred and sensual enough for you to be able to do this. For information on what is offered in sessions click on the tab titled 'Session packages available'.




For more information
text Carla on 
0413 496 681


Floor: #2
Post Time: 8th August 2014, 11:08 AM
Poster ID: seeking85
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Spoke to this lady and she advised that her prices are $230 for 1 hour and that no genital contact is made, and she is fully clothed! yeah, good luck with that, babe... 

Or maybe she just didn't like the sound of my husky voice lol


Floor: #3
Post Time: 8th August 2014, 11:22 AM
Poster ID: exmelpunter
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
The problem is that we are clued up on this website, but there are plenty of gullible suckers out there who have nfd about this shit and happily cough up the tokens without knowing. That's how these tantra types make a quid.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 8th August 2014, 11:43 AM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by seeking85


Spoke to this lady and she advised that her prices are $230 for 1 hour and that no genital contact is made, and she is fully clothed! yeah, good luck with that, babe... 

Or maybe she just didn't like the sound of my husky voice lo
"""



Same $ for everyone. See Healing Session Packages - Tantra Mind Body. Soul


Floor: #5
Post Time: 8th August 2014, 11:53 AM
Poster ID: wingmanstinson
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
It seems as though she has changed her MO significantly as her previous website mentioned she included lingam massage. What a pity but best to save your money and go for the tried and tested.


