Thread Title: Carla , Outcalls only usually - Surfers Paradise - 0422 146 924
Floor: #1
Post Time: 27th March 2014, 11:35 AM
Poster ID: wingmanstinson
Post Title: 
 Carla , Outcalls only usually - Surfers Paradise - 0422 146 924
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Carla

Establishment : Outcalls but does incalls from Surfers 

Date of Visit : March 24 2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Locanto Ad, Relief Massage Outcalls Today 90, Surfers Paradise

Hours of Business : 12 - 10pm

Rates : 90 / Hour

Age : Late 40's me thinks

Size/shape : Around a size 14 - 16, with D cups that have seen better days

Nationality or Ethnicity : Half Polish / Russian....Seems to be more on the russian side though. 

Services Provided : Massage with Relief, DATY, plus some watersports. 

Value for money/recommend? : Value for money yes / but I wouldn't return. 

My experience/comments : 

The day before I saw Chloe, I was horny as a rabbit and having previously lined up a session with Kim from Currumbin Valley, to my great displeasure she couldn't go through with the booking. I wanted a rub n tug, then and there, and all of the sudden I saw this ladies ad which now said she did incalls from Surfers. After a quick text she said that she was available to do the massage from a massage shop in surfers (which you will have to text her to find out which one) and told me that for 90 bucks she will give me an hour massage, with relief and will be topless for the relief component. 

Now I should premise this first by saying I havent verified my hypothesis with Tineye however, for those tat are semi interested, the photo on locanto is definitely not her. At her age in which she is approaching 50, her tits although large, are quite saggy, to the point, I don't think a wonderbra could produce such results. 

Now the face is definitely not stunning, more of a plain jane kinda look but for 90 bucks, I was horny and I could find no one who could give me such a treatment when I needed it. 

Onto the massage which definitely lacked any sort of technique, she is definitely not qualified and if she is, she must have slept with her examiner...several times. It was very repititious, too soft, and you could tell she just did not care for it. After a painful and monotonous half hour, I was finally on my back, as she undid her dress' straps and revealed her sagging tits. 

Now the tug was okay, and she even hiked her dress up to allow me to finger her pussy and before you know it she was 69'ing me on the massage table whilst I was licking out her shaven pussy which was actually okay for an old sport. Now again I should premise this next part by saying I have no fucking idea what came over me, but I must have gotten her quite worked up (either that or she needed to pee) but soon enough she said words to the effect of do you mant me to piss on you. Not thinking and forgetting their was no shower available I stupidly said yes, which was a nice enough experience but damn I really needed a shower at this point. 

She gave me a soft massage on my stomach before she let me go, 50 minutes into the treatment. 

Now, this lady doesn't describe herself as a bigger woman (she said a size 12) and I think the head might not be as tightly screwed on as it should be. But for 90 bucks, no real monetary loss was had, however I wouldn't return. 

Tread carefully.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 27th March 2014, 05:17 PM
Poster ID: yld53x180sx
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Was the gold shower extra wingman?


Floor: #3
Post Time: 27th March 2014, 05:32 PM
Poster ID: wingmanstinson
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Nope, but I wouldn't do it again without having a shower available. Cause let's face it there are enough poor suckers that walk around surfers stinking like piss, I know for a fact, that I don't wanna be one of them!


Floor: #4
Post Time: 6th August 2014, 06:38 AM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Here's Carla's Locanto ad, http://goldcoast.locanto.com.au/ID_2...AGE-TODAY.html





			
				 RELAXATION MASSAGE TODAY - 42

Full Body Oil Massage with hand relief or 30 min $60 or 1hr $110. Appointments available today all day.
Plz allow 1 or 2 hr notice. If I don't answer the phone plz send text and I will reply ASAP.

Ph 0422 146 924
1hr Outcalls $150 or 30 min $100
Ladies Gents and Couples .
Couples 1hr $240
Don't send me emails or call from blocked number


