Thread Title: Caterina - Spring Hill QLD - 0405 264 968 SMS only
Floor: #1
Post Time: 25th November 2016, 08:27 PM
Poster ID: yone
Post Title: 
 Caterina - Spring Hill QLD - 0405 264 968 SMS only
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Caterina 

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : October 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Caterina is back! Simply divine massage ... - Brisbane body rubs - cracker.com.au

Hours of Business : 10am - 10pm

Rates : $150 / hour

Age : 28

Size/shape : 8

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian (Caucasian)

Services Provided : Rnt

Value for money/recommend? : Recommended

My experience/comments : 

So I decided to take the punt on Caterina. Booking was very easy and Cat was quite responsive with the texts.
I arrived downstairs 5 mins before my booking, texted her to let her know and waited outside. When she arrived, it was a pleasant surprise. She has a great figure and cute girl next door face. 
So we went upstairs and I opted for a shower at the start. After I came out, Cat had already stripped off and directed me to the table.
The massage was really good and firm. Her boobs sweeping across the back felt great, as with the gentle teasing of the cock and balls through the hole in the massage table.
There was also a conveniently placed mirror on the side which showed off a great view of her from behind while she played and teased. I managed to come twice within an hour. 
Would I return? It's a yes for me. Great massage, very good looking girl and excellent finish.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 4th February 2017, 02:42 PM
Poster ID: macca431
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Caterina 

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : Feb 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink. 0405 264 968 - SMS only  Caterina is back! Simply divine massage ... - Brisbane body rubs - cracker.com.au

Hours of Business : 10am - 10pm

Rates : $170 / hour - $300 2hr

Age : 28

Size/shape : 8

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian (Caucasian)

Services Provided : Rnt

Value for money/recommend? : Definitely/ Yes

My experience/comments : 

Up in Brisbane for work and felt like some RnR (or RnT as it turned out lol). Easy to contact and as it turned out was only a few streets from my hotel. Asked Caterina if she did extended bookings and ended up booking for 2hrs as I needed a few knots released as well as the usual finish.
Place was clean with massage table set up in the front room. She looked amazing, petit figure, cute face and nice boobs. Pictures don't do her justice. After my shower I returned to the room to find her already undressed. First hr was spent remedial with some caressing and teasing around the sack & crack. The body slides then started and she knelt on the table level with my rib cage. From there I could turn my head to see her arse and pussy framed in a well positioned mirror. 
On the flip more body slides and for the finish she did a reverse slide finishing the RnT in that position. So sexy to be able to 'respectfully ' touch and caress her in the position whist she brought me off.
2nd hr very similar to the first just with shorter remedial but the finish was fantastically the same.
Quick shower to remove the oil and back to my hotel room for very restful sleep.
Prior to leaving organised another session for the next night (well I had nothing else to do 