Thread Title: Chloe - Upper Coomera - 0405 447 950
Floor: #1
Post Time: 25th March 2014, 03:12 PM
Poster ID: wingmanstinson
Post Title: 
 Chloe - Upper Coomera - 0405 447 950
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Chloe aka, my new regular massage therapist 

Establishment : Private House in Upper Coomera

Date of Visit : 25 / 3 / 2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Ad in the Bulletin, Unwind with a quality full body relaxing rub, friendly, 33yo. Oxenford. Ph: 0405 441 615 (Ring this number which will give you the proper number at the end of the message, in the message, she describes herself and her service. 

Hours of Business : Tuesdays, 9 - 4:30pm

Rates : 80 / Half or 150 / hour

Age : 33 (Claimed it and looks it  )

Size/shape : Very Tall, Slender stomach, nice perky ass, fake but very perky and real feeling C Cups

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : Nude Professional Massage with Relief

Value for money/recommend? : Yes / Yes

My experience/comments : 

This last week and a half I have been out of action due to recovering from minor surgery. During my recovery time, I saw the above ad in the paper and thought would make some initial enquiries for my future benefit. Texted Chloe and she seemed very polite and easy going. She is a trained massage therapist and doesn't offer extras (I have come to find that the true therapists will not offer any extras), feeling well enough today, I secured a booking for late morning, and after being texted the address all systems were go. Yes, it is a bit out of the way but I soon learnt that the drive was worth it. 

After arriving there, I was greeted by a clothed Chloe and soon after I was helping her ditch the clothes to show off a beautiful body complete with some nice fake boobs and a trimmed landing strip. Facewise for those that will ask she is in between a plain jane, and a pretty girl but more on the pretty girl side. 

Onto the table, I received a very professional massage which left me very relaxed. She knew what she was doing and you could tell that she learnt a very methodic way of massage. Whilst it was methodic, I felt relaxed and comfortable and it always helps when they're a great looker  

I will admit it wasn't overly sensual for the first but everynow and then she would run her fingertips over the body and very quickly over the tackle. Eventually, it was turn over time and unlike most, Chloe's professionalism really kicked in as she took the time to work on my legs and stomach before finally going over to my dick. 

What followed was a very slow and erotic tug in which she allowed respectful touching of her boobs, but and all in between, whilst i did manage to get a finger up there, she preferred me not doing so, so i had to retreat, but Chloe took her time with slow and sensual strokes. Eventually she did up the tempo only a little bit which had me shooting rockets. 

For once I wasn't forced to cum within 3 minutes which led to the nicest of orgasms I have had for a while. Chloe led me to the shower and was mindful that I would need help with my back. After drying off and some light chat on how to find my way back onto the highway, I left a very happy chappy knowing that I may have finally discovered my answer to Cameron.

I know that most of you guys don't need to be told, but if you do see her, please remember she is a massage therapist first and foremeost, she is not one of the usual girls you would usually see in the rags. Treat her with respect and all will be fine, we have a gem, let's keep her available for everyone. 

Happy Punting


Floor: #2
Post Time: 25th March 2014, 08:41 PM
Poster ID: niteowl
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Nice work mate. You play the percentages well, so eventually you were bound to come up with another cracker, and you're a true gentleman for sharing  :-)


Floor: #3
Post Time: 25th March 2014, 09:31 PM
Poster ID: gcme
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Well I tell you what Wing, I may need to give this one a go.....I had given up for a period due to lack of crap service...once again your reviews save us all cheers Gc


Floor: #4
Post Time: 25th March 2014, 10:52 PM
Poster ID: wingmanstinson
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thankyou niteowl, it helps when punters all share their experience otherwise the efficacy of such a forum would be lost and well not worth it. Sadly I have people asking me for deets when they are not willing to put their own punts up there even though when asked, they have had expeirences with girls, yet there are no reviews to show said experiences and it pisses me off dearly to be entirely honest. 

And GC, you're most welcome, whilst she is not as stunning, I think we may have our answer to Cameron, but in the form of the part time equivalent, such a shame she isn't available every day


Floor: #5
Post Time: 20th June 2014, 07:28 PM
Poster ID: wingmanstinson
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
For those that have seen her, Chloe is answering her phone again, so enjoy it :-)

Sent from my GT-I9100T using Tapatalk


