Thread Title: Chloe - Kedron - 0421 529 844
Floor: #1
Post Time: 22nd October 2012, 10:01 AM
Poster ID: unit32
Post Title: 
 Chloe - Kedron - 0421 529 844
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Chloe

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : October 2012

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0421 529 844

Hours of Business : Ring to ask

Rates : $120 or $150 for half HR/CBJ

Age : Early 20's

Size/shape : Sensational - 8-10 with DD bolt on's

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : RnT, CBJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes - brilliant CBJ

My experience/comments : 

In Brisbane for work a few weeks ago, thought I would call in and see Chloe - after numerous sms's back and forth, we finally settled on a time.

Parked the hire car, wandered around to the door and it was opened with Chloe hiding behind it, once she figured out that I was the guy that she was waiting for she came out from behind the door and O.....M.....G......!! what a sexy woman Chloe is, in her very sexy purple lingerie - holy shit I had made the right choice here!!

Finances out of the way - I opted for the $150 for 1/2 hr... She left me to get undressed and waiting on the bed. She kneeled next to the bed and started the massage with some warm baby oil. This was nice with a bit of chat, not much of a massage, but nice and relaxing none the less...

Flip over and she removed her bra and g-string - nice rack! Enhanced, but nice... Awesome butt too - great body this girl has.

Plenty more oil, teasing of little unit, soon at full attention. The tease of him was brilliant, had me going and wanting more. A few slides on the front, giving me good access to her back and bum (yum yum!). CBJ followed, and what a magnificent tongue she has, puts it to good use, I couldn't hold on for very long and was soon finished while she kept sucking to make sure she got everything out of me. She was disappointed that I didn't make more noise, as apparently 'that is more fun'

Something that I found a little disappointing was that there was very little touching allowed on my part. When I did try to caress her wonderful breasts, she pulled back and said that her nipples were very sensitive. Would have loved to DATY too, but despite my trying don't think that this was on...

Other than that, thinking about the CBJ and watching my manhood disappear into this beautiful girls mouth with her full lips is a thought that will keep me going until I get back up to Brisbane again!! :P


Floor: #2
Post Time: 22nd October 2012, 11:09 AM
Poster ID: hushabomb15
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
As good as that seems, 150 for BJ/massage is expensive no matter how hot the lady is


Floor: #3
Post Time: 22nd October 2012, 07:25 PM
Poster ID: naughtydog
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Absolutely. Another 100 would give you an hour full service at somewhere like Montecito. Another $30 an hour with a freelancer, and you could get it bareback for not much more.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 23rd November 2012, 07:29 AM
Poster ID: yone
Post Title: 
 RnT - Chloe
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Chloe

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 2012

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Chloe Stewart Brisbane Kedron Escort and Adult Services 

Hours of Business : 10 am till late

Rates : $250 an hour

Age : 21-25

Size/shape : DD

Nationality or Ethnicity : Caucasian / European Origin

Services Provided : RnT, CBJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments :

Booking was arranged via sms with no hassles. I opted for the $250 for 1 hour. Service consisted of a relaxing light touch massage to the back and back of legs. Flip over and she removed her bra and g-string, got full view of her enhanced DD.  Unfortunately, she was very sensitive. She allows touching and gentle stimulation of the vagina. Finished with an excellent CBJ. Overall not cheap but highly recommended.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 23rd November 2012, 05:48 PM
Poster ID: RJones
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
jaysus,  $250 for just RnT and CBJ... I would expect FS and more for that... seems pricy


Floor: #6
Post Time: 24th November 2012, 05:05 AM
Poster ID: Signaturexxx
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by naughtydog


Absolutely. Another 100 would give you an hour full service at somewhere like Montecito. Another $30 an hour with a freelancer, and you could get it bareback for not much more
"""



Now that is not too bright. In the "New mans" Queensland you can face charges for both performing as well as receiving unprotected sex services.

On this forum you should be more careful as well as displaying a few more brains. BBFS along with BBBJ can land you under arrest and in court on criminal charges not to mention the prevalence of STD's transmission rates are much higher in sunny Queensland....


Floor: #7
Post Time: 25th November 2012, 12:58 AM
Poster ID: niteowl
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by Signaturexxx


not to mention the prevalence of STD's transmission rates are much higher in sunny Queensland...
"""



Really?  Not disagreeing with the objection to BB, but just curious as to why STD's would be more prevalent in QLD and if in fact that is the case?


Floor: #8
Post Time: 25th November 2012, 03:48 PM
Poster ID: BadAussieBoy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Guys lets keep this thread about reviews of Chloe.

If you wish to discuss STI's etc then you can find some very well worn threads in the General Discussion section.


Floor: #9
Post Time: 24th February 2013, 12:15 PM
Poster ID: RustyRuss
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Well said Rex except too much money for what she offers, not worth it.  I too have been to see Sienna, Gina and Hannah now. Sienna is my choice just love her moves.


Floor: #10
Post Time: 24th February 2013, 02:15 PM
Poster ID: Rex
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name:Chloe 

Establishment: private

Date of Visit: Jan 2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: 0421 529 844
Hours of Business: Till 9pm most days

Rates:$120/30min

Age:mid 20's

Size/shape: 8-10

Nationality or Ethnicity: Caucasian

Services Provided: RNT

Value for money/recommend?: Recommended. 







 Originally Posted by Rex


So I managed to get in to see Chloe - and with the new Airportlink, I can get there with less hassle! 

When she first opened the door, I thought she looked a lot like Sienna who also does RNT, but on closer inspection, she's prettier. She has great body with awesome (fake) rack but they do feel a tad too firm for my liking.

She doesn't really do much of a massage - more just a teasing hot oil rubdown. And no body slide either. 

The best part (of course) is her tug action. This girl really knows how to handle a cock! She brings you right to the edge (several times) before finally letting your over the line. Watching her perched naked and grinding her pussy against your leg while jerking you off is a visual feast and one of the hottest sights in Brisbane right now! I didn't go with the oral option, but will next time. 

My only criticisms are that the oil she uses is still very thick - maybe she hadn't warmed it enough but it seemed more like honey and didn't spread evenly. She also only ignores your legs below the thighs, so it's not a complete rubdown. 

But overall I really enjoyed the visit, and I'll be back!


Floor: #11
Post Time: 2nd October 2013, 09:02 AM
Poster ID: payforplay
Post Title: 
 Chloe - Kendron, Brisbane - 0421 529 844
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Chloe

Establishment : Private Residence

Date of Visit : 01/10/2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : http://www.chloestewart.com.au/index.php/home 0421 529 844

Hours of Business : 24/7 

Rates : $250 PH

Age : 22

Size/shape : PERFECT 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : EVERYTHING BAR SEX

Value for money/recommend? : YES /YES

My experience/comments : Well I know I was support to have a mini break but in all honesty I wanted a complete change & Chloe fit the bill, having booked her a few months ago but having to cancell to a family issue I arrange again for her services, very friendly and very easy to communicate with via email or text only. She works on Brisbanes lower Northside. More I see girls the more I want to see more & more.
Arrived at 7pm as per booking, knock on the door and WOW is one word to discribe this absolute pretty girl, WOW like honestly this girl looked so young & innocent, like your brothers super pretty younger sister that you want to do, she was so pretty, most chicks are attractive, some have super bodies but you know the normal face, or pretty as can be but average bodies, this girl had it all & I MEAN HAD IT ALL, I had already decided I would stay, so no matter what come out of her mouth it would all be a blue, but down to business, 5 min chat of what she does & what she simply wont do. Full body massage a very teasing sensual and sexual body rub with either blowjob or hand job to finish, iinbetween she claimed plenty of touching and playing by both of us but made it clear no sex and dont ask & let her take the rythem & if it gets to sexual towards her she will cut the session short right there & then, asked her to expand what she ment & she says there will come a certain time where she gives a front body to body & being male certain thing will grow, now she will rub her "lady" parts against my "man"parts as she put it & some men try and ram it in, just let me do what I do and you will think im "fucking" you! but she did say she knows its a decent price $250 & knows plenty of other chicks do fuck for that money but if your a nice client she will make it worth it. Did mention plenty of guys think she will fuck & get all shitty so said just enjoy the session & let her do what she does best.
Well ok showered, and onto the table, very comfy where she asks soft, medium or firm, advised medium with plenty of soft touches in the right place, she knew what I wanted, she disrobes and WOW honestly a body to absolute murder over, she has it all, the most perfect perky firm tits, a pussy that is simply pretty mmmmm anyways she starts with some warm oils, shoulders & back get some treatment but she plays plenty of attention to the sexual parts of a mans body, plenty of teasing and "innocent" touches ensure a very provocative session is ahead of us. She does not linger to long on the non sexual parts, always keeping your sences alive with a hint here, a hint there that she knows what i want, a good decent massage yet one erotic & sexually charged & by that she scores a perfect 10. Running her fingers down your ass cheeks in such a soft deftly touch I can tell you my cock was hammering the massage table, my cock was hard & wanting more from this stunning young lady. Some kissing of the shoulders, back of the neck and buttocks ensure this was a sexual massage.

Ask to turn around, about 15 min into the session & my thoughts where ok this is going to end way short......not to fear she was only warming up....so roll over, finally time to look at a pretty young girl weave her magic, she encourages mutual touching (in the intro already agreed on blowjob, and she said you will know if you cant touch somewhere) so me touching her back well light rubbing down to her firm ass, no sign of not being able to touch, as she massages my chest and upper legs, gentle touching of my balls, then full on grabs my cock for a solid 10 secons and wanks super fast & hard then leave it........WTF PLEASE im in agony here but she continues & archs her body over so it would seem I can suckle on her breasts, time to test the waters here & sure enough no signs of a withdrawl so nice easy gentle sucking & licking of her breasts while she slowly strokes my cock & makes innocent lil moans...while doing this she gets up on the table reverese style and rubs her breasts over my already aching cock to reveal such a perfect cunt....you could see the wetness & the clit enlarged with the huge amount of swelling the blood flow has created. You could smell HER PUSSY so I do the unthinkable, I give it a light lick.............no problems it would seem & give it another longer licking before to long Im devouring her cunt with the eagerness of a school kid let loose in a lolly shop, i tounge fuck her, flick her clit, suck on her flaps, eat her ass for all she is worth all the while she just rubs her tits over my yearning cock...after prob a good minutes of me pleasing her she motions thats it enough of pussy eating and turns around all the time kissing my body all the way up to the body slide, this is enjoyable and my cock rock hard rubbing down her belly and pussy as she moves up. Her version of fucking is well defies belief, It honestly seems like you are fucking this babe yet her pussy soaked & your rock hard cock sliding as 1 is how I can describe it. You can feel her clit on the head of your cock, her flapps wrapped around your shaft & for about 5-6 minutes your in fake sex heaven.......

Time she said to relax in the cresendo of the session, she manouvers her body so she can suck cock while I play with her pussy if you can picture me laying on the table & she head down on her side legs open she sucking cock like a slut at this stage, her pussy dripping as I play with her clit and wet hole & all honestly it does not take me long to unload a good load of cum in her mouth, over her face & neck, she loves it & continues to wank every spare drop out & continues to wank for a solid 2 minutes while smiling and light chatting before my cock is so deflated it looked like a split pea. 

Overall:loved the session, very sexually charged with plenty to like from the girl, she is pretty, knows what a man wants in a session that does not involve sex, though everything thrown in so for me totally enjoyed yet another sort of sexual fun & must admitt the massage is good to she knows how to massage. 
AS ALWAYS YMMV


Floor: #12
Post Time: 2nd October 2013, 09:43 AM
Poster ID: WOTAN01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
You found a real doll there who knows how to tease. I corrected the hyperlink to her site, you had used a "d" not 't" in her surname. She looks fantastic in the photos and gather they are really of her.


