Thread Title: Danilla  - Woolloongabba - 0422 560 350
Floor: #1
Post Time: 9th April 2015, 01:27 PM
Poster ID: butyl
Post Title: 
 Danilla  - Woolloongabba - 0422 560 350
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Danila

Establishment : Private Apartment - Woolloongabba (Advertised as Dutton Park)

Date of Visit : 08/04/2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : http://brisbane.locanto.com.au/ID_31...Or-Nuru-M.html
                                               Called as per ad on 0422 560 350 got SMS details and follow ups on 0402 369 929

Hours of Business : 10am - 11 pm

Rates : Massage 30min $90 1hr $160 (not advertised however Full Service 1hr $200)

Age : Advertised as 23 would guess closer to 30

Size/shape : Shortish and Slim, nice size bust (C cup) and small tight arse

Nationality or Ethnicity : South Korean (claimed, i have no idea)

Services Provided : Massage, Happy Ending, Full Service

Value for money/recommend? : Probably not value for money on the massage front, can't comment on FS. 

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

Have had my eye on this advert for some time, have tried to make contact on a number of occasions with no success. Was going to be passing through for work and thought this was an opportunity for another attempt. Made the call and was answered very promptly, actually wasn't ready for how quickly she answered the phone and was a little off guard. The girl on the phone spoke good English with just the hint of an accent, although there was some confusion as to the type of service I was after. I was only after a massage and was keen for the Nuru option as per the online advert, she tried a couple of time for FS but eventually the message was received that I only wanted a massage.  A quick text message to give the address, damn is at Woolloongabba and within eyesight of the stadium, parking and access just got harder. Oh well, I was soon on my way to the address. 

The address is on the corner of two busy roads there is parking meters on the street and apparently underground parking nearby. I found the apartment block and sent a txt message as requested. I quickly got the instructions for access to the building and which apartment. Finding the access door was easy enough actually getting the lift to work was a little more difficult as I couldn't get the floor button to work without an access key. After a quick trip to the basement and a couple of txts later,  I'm met at the lift by an attractive Asian lady wearing a pair of tight jeans and a white top  a little older than the advertised 23 but certainly pretty enough for me to consider upgrading to FS but I stayed strong and opted to stay with the massage option.

After arriving finally at the right floor (almost 20 minutes after I had planned to be there), she led me to the door of her apartment and it opened to reveal a large and tidy studio apartment. Money changed hands for a 1hr massage and I was shown to the shower.

After leaving the shower and returning to the bedroom, I was met by the gorgeous sight of my massage lady dressed in a pale pink see through negligée  with a simple but sexy set of black panties and bra on underneath. I lay on the bed and the massage that followed was pretty good, made all the better from by the full length mirrors on the wardrobe next to the bed. The view of her cute arse as she bent over and massaged me was divine. A better than the average massage, that was on the firmer side of medium and included back walking was enjoyable, she worked hard on my sore muscles in my back and shoulders which was good. Unfortunately the leg and arm massage was quite perfunctory and there was no real build up or teasing. On the flip she started by massaging my legs a few accidental brushes was included but came short of any serious teasing. Then she stood removed the negligée and started massaging around the groin area, following this with a little bit of heavy breathing, licking and sucking of my nipples, while she started massaging my cock and balls. I used this opportunity to have a bit of a feel of that cute arse and unfortunately it was very shortly all over.  She cleaned up the mess and asked if I wanted a shower. Soon after I was dressed and heading out the door about after about 40 minutes including the two showers at about the time the appointment should have finished if I didn't have the lift issues.

Overall she gave a good above massage, was very attractive (for me at least) however no sign of Nuru was to be seen and whilst good and firm, I would like to also have a bit more teasing happening. Would I return, probably, I have the feeling that her service may get better with repeat visits and the full service is definitely on my radar.


