Floor: #1
Post Time: 10th June 2018, 10:17 PM
Poster ID: sleazyryder
Post Title: 
 Deborah/ Deb G / Miss Tantra /Ebony60 - Springwood - 0432 402 033
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Deborah

Establishment :  Private Studio in semi detached unit.

Date of Visit :  March 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 
[/URL]https://brisbane.locanto.com.au/ID_2...e-Massage.html

Hours of Business :  7am to 7pm By appointment  Springwood Loganholme Area.

Rates :  $150 for an hour to $200 for around 90 minutes

Age :  40 but likely mid 40’s

Size/shape :  BBW very pretty face and great personality and tits.

Nationality or Ethnicity :  Aussie from Sri Lankan and English ancestry

Services Provided :  Nude massage prostate and mutual 

Value for money/recommend? :  Yup absolutely.

My experience/comments : 

Links as follows to different ads.


https://brisbane.locanto.com.au/ID_2...on-Aussie.html


https://brisbane.locanto.com.au/ID_2379209289/TODAY-Aussie-Tantric-Sensual-Affectionate-Massage.html


I arranged an appointment with Deb last year but cancelled it as she was not offering what I was looking for.
I noticed earlier on this year that she was advertising overtly the style I was after.

I discovered her personal circumstances had changed and hence she was offering some of the styles I was looking for.
 Making the booking was easy. In fact I made it about a week in advance. Deborah is a real professional and I was a bit wary of seeing her and then blowing it literally. I had a bit of a backup as I had been working with little op to get the kinks out.
So I booked an Emergency massage for the night before. 

See Emergency massage thread for review on Sarah Edwards.

Sarah was just the ticket and helped me iron out some kinks as well as semi drain the pond.

Appointment was made for mid morning. Had the address and plugged into the GPS ( Giant Penis System) and put my favourite tunes on.
Arrived with a little time to spare and reconnoiter the layout. Always a wise move when punting in dubious neighbourhoods such as this area in Brissie GC Burbs.

Texted to let her know I had arrived. She directed me to enter via the backdoor. Well before you get too excited it actually was a room semidetached from the house and this is where Deb works from and pays weekly rent to work from this homely setting.

It was the first meeting with Deb despite having made arrangements to massage before I had as stated cancelled but she was none the wiser that was me. 
Using a burner works best only if you burn it every now and then.

She greeted me at the door. She is a little over 5 foot tall and has typical dark hair of the sub continental type and style. Very attractive face and has a body that has a bubble butt and revealed the works to which I was grateful I had shot a load the night before as there would have been early explosions as my imagination had been bested by this lasses looks.

Now she lead me into the office area. We sat and had a chat about my expectations and what I was after.

Now she disclosed to me early on that she had a stalker. TMI and I had to put that in the back of mind. The only thing I didn’t enjoy from my time with Deb.

Now I informed her I wanted a full body massage nude and then we perhaps would discuss enhancements once we were underway depending on where things lead us.
She seemed relaxed with that.

On the menu was a mutual massage session with mutual play touch and prostate prodding possibilities.

Now the setup is good. A decent sized Massage Table in an area allowing for access from 360’ around the table.

So I got naked and Deborah who was reserved slowly disrobed and revealed many Tattoos. Most quite tasteful but some rather large. These were more Sub continental styles than Western Tatts. Henna coloured Religious Styled Tatts.

I mention the Tatts because they are very noticeable and some punters don’t like them however these are tasteful and non offensive artwork styled.

So Deborah’s touch and massage style is a mixture of very firm to very sensual. She started with me lying on my front. The massage was very good. After about 30 minutes she started to concentrate around the perineum. I took the opportunity to feel between her legs and accessed her delicious looking pussy. She is shaved save for a landing strip. First one FIP then two then four then fist. She was moaning and quivering.
 After a few minutes of this she was on the table having a multiple *O* or three. Now realising I could take advantage here and introduce DIP I opted to be a good boy sleazy as.

So back onto the table Deborah retrieved her composure and started a body slide. I.could feel she was dripping wet. A warm feeling started coming over me wave after wave.
having an out of body experience for the first time in a long time. This girl is special. She is very caring loving in fact.
She is very nurturing and the session changed. She had asked me if there was anything special that I wanted her to do as she was open to any possibilities. I thought about the need to play this down as I wanted to see her again and nurture the possibilities rather than expend them all at once.

So I suggested she do some rosebud worship. She said no problem and got a glove and lubed up.
Deb knows exactly what she is doing. Has trained in the anatomy of the prostate gland and knew exactly how much pressure to use. Now she spread my legs placed a pillow under the small of my back raising my hips and arse towards her face. Now she reached over and inserted a digit until she found the target. My cock sprang to even further attention if that was possible. She then started licking the shaft and took my cock and started deepthroating and gagging. 
After a few minutes I was ready to explode. My back was arching towards her heaving chest.

She dismounted the table and started working my shaft with an expertise that I knew she had acquired from years of massaging and likely teasing and twerking that arse of hers.

Now I cannot hold back any longer and I started to shake and orgasm. Full body multiple orgasm ending in  shooting my load into the air and you guessed it into her lovely hair. Well we both started having a huge chuckle that ending in laughter that placed the icing on the cake for both of us. 
A wonderul session. I held back and knowing what I had learnt the next time was going to be worthwhile.

Now Deborah is extremely exotic looking. She is not small Has cellulite in her thighs and butt and has a great attitude and whilst she is clearly open for more has to have a good rapport for that to be realised.

She has DD to E cup boobs and is really worth the money.
I ended up tipping her a couple of pineapples. She only wanted $150. Well worth taking your time out and not rushing with this lovely lass.



Sleazy


Floor: #2
Post Time: 11th June 2018, 09:38 AM
Poster ID: sleazyryder
Post Title: 
 Deborah T Glam Pics Close to the mark.
				
Post Content: 
Some pictures that paint a thousand words.

For my Friends and fellow punters in Queensland Enjoy.

 Well worth the visit.
Especially if you don't 
enjoy stick insects or lazy lasses.


Sleazy.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 31st July 2018, 01:57 AM
Poster ID: sleazyryder
Post Title: 
 Deb has moved.
				
Post Content: 
Deborah has moved recently.

A lovely gal with a great service.

A bit on the exy side but well worth it when compared with some offerings.


Sleazy


