Thread Title: Elle - Southport - 0417 921 622
Floor: #1
Post Time: 21st September 2015, 08:08 AM
Poster ID: wingmanstinson
Post Title: 
 Elle - Southport - 0417 921 622
				
Post Content: 
Not a review just yet as I'm at work, but please be careful peeps.

Found this ad on Locanto, and was suckered in. She has now changed the wording of her add, but I will have to say this clearly. 

HER MASSAGE DOES NOT INCLUDE HAND RELIEF.

http://goldcoast.locanto.com.au/ID_5...c-massage.html 

You have been warned.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 25th September 2015, 08:57 PM
Poster ID: wingmanstinson
Post Title: 
 No Hand Relief makes WMS go crazy
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Elle

Establishment : Private Unit near the back of Aus Fair

Date of Visit : 20 September 2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : As Above

Hours of Business : Dunno

Rates : $160 /hour

Age : Early 40's

Size/shape : 5"11, Size 16, very well shaped, D Cups, nice ass

Nationality or Ethnicity : Kiwi

Services Provided : Nude Massage - NOTHING ELSE - NO HR

Value for money/recommend? : No Way

My experience/comments : 

So here is the review guys. Saw this lassie's ad on Sat Morning and thought I'd give it a go. 

She then informs me that its an erotic massage, but she remains clothed.

I asked if she allows touching, she said no.

I then get a message though and she says okay, I'll do it nude but no touching. 

At this stage, I thought, fuck it, nude massage but no touching from a buxom lady for 160 isnt toooo bad.

Get to the appointment and signed a standard massage form and thought she is trying to be legit or someshit. Obviously put fake details. Hopefully she is not a real madrid supporter cause I definitely do not Look like James Rodrigues hahaha. 

So she gets nude and starts the massage. Not bad, not great. 

Eventually turn over, starts with her boobs near my face. 

I mentioned that I cant wait till she got her hands on my cock, and this is when it hit hard...she says, it's erotic massage, nothing else.....WTF. 

THE LAST TIME I CHECKED AN EROTIC MASSAGE DEFINITELY INCLUDED HAND RELIEF. 

Just to be clear I consulted Wiki for the definition which is as follows:

Erotic massage or sensuous massage is the use of massage techniques by a person on another person's erogenous zones to achieve or enhance their sexual excitation or arousal. Massages have been used for medical purposes for a very long time, and their use for erotic purposes also has a long history. In the case of women, the two focal areas are the breasts and pubis, while in case of men, the focal area is the male genitals. When the massage is of a partner's genitals, the act is usually referred to as mutual masturbation.
By the end I ended up getting myself off albeit it was rather dissapointing to say the least. 

I showered and left $160 bucks lighter...so miffed!

Now, to her credit she has changed her ad so its now a bit more explicit but I tell you what I am still annoyed. 

Hope this hasn't happened to anyone before me. 

PS, sorry for the quality of this review gents, I'm rather tired after work


Floor: #3
Post Time: 12th January 2016, 05:25 PM
Poster ID: johnsamuels
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Yeah that is rough, thanks very  much for the warning.


