Thread Title: Emma - Woolloongabba - 0403 744 968
Floor: #1
Post Time: 11th November 2013, 08:45 AM
Poster ID: Armitage Shanks
Post Title: 
 Emma - Woolloongabba - 0403 744 968
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Emma

Establishment : Private Residence, Wooloongabba

Date of Visit : 9/11/13

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Here
0403744968

Hours of Business : See link

Rates : $120/60

Age : 33

Size/shape : Stocky, small, but fit.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : RNT, CBJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes / Maybe

Comments:
Rang 30 mins ahead. Told to arrive and park in general area, then call again for address.
Found the place, neat 3rd floor apartment. The locanto pic is legit, although does her no justice. I was pleasantly surprised. She led me inside, wearing a see through little black dress, bras (her (c) tits looked amazing in them) and G. Paid $70/30min. Sat on a bed to undress, and she felt my body, and planted cheeky kisses on my face and mouth. She popped a tit out for me to play with, which stayed out for the duration. All the while very smiley, chatty and bubbly.
I laid back on the bed as she rubbed my front a bit, occasionally stopping to squeeze my semi hardon.
Told me to lay on my front, and she massaged me lightly with coconut oil for about 15 mins. Was just what I wanted, very relaxing.
turned onto my back again, and she applied a C with her mouth, and straddled me 69 for BJ (her technique was good). Her great arse was in my face, but she did not seem keen for me to expose her box from the G.
C came off, then baby oil was applied for a mechanical sort of HJ to finish. She said she'd rather I came while CBJ, as sperm was "yuk". Ok, but I'd rather not 
Had a bit of a cuddle and kiss, then nice shower before I left.
I'd recommend, but for an hour, not the 30 min. Slightly rushed towards the end.

Thanks for reading!


Floor: #2
Post Time: 11th November 2013, 08:56 AM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by Armitage Shanks


Person's Name : Emma

Establishment : Private Residence, Wooloongabba
.

"""



Thank you for your review Armitage Shanks.

Here's Emma's ad ( NEW THAI MASSUESE, Woollongabba ),

" NEW THAI MASSUESE - 33

I offer sensual relaxing massage in private discreet studio to suit your need. Working Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday and Sunday 7am-10pm. Limited times, so book early to avoid disappointment.

Friendly warm and caring. I am 33yr single Thai lady, enjoy my job. Working from Woollongabba, contact EMMA 0403744968
30 minute = $70
45 minutes = $90
60 minutes = $120
"


Floor: #3
Post Time: 3rd January 2018, 07:59 AM
Poster ID: malvern
Post Title: 
 Emma - Woolangabba, Qld - 0403744968
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Emma

Establishment : PML

Date of Visit : 13 November 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : http://brisbane.locanto.com.au/ID_18...ELAXATION.html
Hours of Business : Mon - Sun early till 10pm

Rates : $70 - 30min, $90 - 45min, $120 hr

Age : posted as 33

Size/shape : average

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : RnT

Value for money/recommend? : Good value, still hunting better though

My experience/comments : I was greeted at the door a very friendly lady who was the lady from the photos in her locanto add in a holiday apartment block near the Gabba in Brisbane.
There is limited parking in the complex so parking can be tricky, 
The unit was clean with the massage conducted on bed, which means more of just a sensual rub than a full massage, pleasant just the same.
Emma didn't get fully nude but allowed pussy touching through her panties. She has lovely full c cup breasts that she allows full access to and helped me to 2 cum shots during my hour


Floor: #4
Post Time: 29th April 2018, 10:53 PM
Poster ID: foolishmortal
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Name : Emma

Establishment : Motel in Kangaroo Point

Date of Visit : 7/4/18

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0403 744 968
http://brisbane.locanto.com.au/ID_18...-MASSUESE.html

Hours of Business : See link

Rates : $120/hour, $60/half, $100/45 minutes(took the hour)

Age : mid-late 30's

Size/shape : Stocky, small, but fit. B-C-cups

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : RNT, CBJ, Spanish, 2-shots / FS was also offered

Value for money/recommend? : Maybe

It was a really warm afternoon walking through Main Street for my next punt. I had seen Emma's ad on Locanto a lot and I had her on my to-do list. I arrived at a block of holiday apartments where she worked which wasn't far from the Gabba. I had corresponded with her through text/phone and she seemed anxious on whether I was Indian. It turned out that she had some bad experiences with them and she couldn't place my accent. In the flesh, Emma is small, stocky Thai Lady and her Locanto pics are accurate. I found her friendly and her service was more relaxed and sensual. FS was offered for a shortened time but I really wanted that hour of rnt to just doze off. I did like that she offers the chance to cum twice as it's been a long time since a ML offered that to me. Not since Marooka Kandi who was one of my all time favs. The session started with CBJ to get shot number one sorted and her technique was ok. We then moved on to some sensual massage with her doing the teasing. It was passable but definitely could use some improvement. I felt she if she was a little more sensual her service would be better overall. Some bodyslides or being more creative with her hands for example. I think the dealbreaker for me was she didn't allow DATY. FS is ok but no to pussy eating?! With DATY out of the question, we moved on to shot number two and finish up with me fucking her tits to completion which I enjoyed. Anyway, it was an ok session but I'm conflicted on the quality. I liked being able to cum twice, CBJ and Spanish but the so-so massage and no DATY was a turn off. Maybe I'll try Emma again later and see if she warms to me the second time around.


