Thread Title: Gemma Lee - Surfers Paradise - 0411 697 911
Floor: #1
Post Time: 18th September 2012, 09:06 PM
Poster ID: tytn8525
Post Title: 
 Gemma Lee - Surfers Paradise - 0411 697 911
				
Post Content: 
Tried for a few days to make contact.  Made an appointment today, then the closer we got to the time, I was texting, asking where in Surfers to meet her, etc.  Never got a response, still haven't.  Pretty annoyed.  She advertises in the bulletin.  Has anyone had a positive experience?  I'd still be open to visiting with her, but I'm rather frustrated over this.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 20th November 2012, 10:58 PM
Poster ID: gcme
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Must say I had the same experience, was texting back and forth several times with the endeavor of setting up an appointment, however said yep let's go however didn't receive any responses. So if anyone has had a positive experience I would like to also hear.... Cheers


Floor: #3
Post Time: 18th December 2014, 07:32 AM
Poster ID: Droood
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Gemma Lee/jade/bianca kerr

Establishment: Private, Surfers Apartment, Gold coast

Date of Visit: Dec/2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: Locanto/0431132968

Hours of Business: 7days by appointment

Rates:$80/30min

Age: mid/late 20s

Size/shape: size 8 maybe 165cm tall

Nationality or Ethnicity: Italian

Services Provided: RnT

Value for money/recommend?: Maybe

My experience/comments:

So I had been eyeing off her great pics on locanto and decided today was going to be the day to satify my questions. I sms'd  early and got a prompt reply, a time was set, fantastic, that was easy. Work commitments changed and I had to adjust my time with her, she was fine with it, no hassles at all. 

Got to her apartment in Surfers, was greated at the door by a good looking little woman. I followed her in, she was very pleasant, I was glancing at her ass and assets all the way to the room. She is the person in the pics, however the photos must have been some time ago, she was still hot but definitely not like the pics showed. Nice ass, solid fake rack and a pretty face. Seemed like she may have put on a few pounds or ten.

Off to the shower I go, upon returning to the room she was down to just a g string, at this point I had noticed she was very chatty, which is fine for an ice breaker but it continued even with some minor efforts on my behalf to calm the mood and relax. 

Her massage is not oil pushing sensual, more so a little firmer which I dont mind, but she focussed only on one side of my back and mostly one leg, no teasing was done whilst on my stomach. Once flipped over onto my back she began with a body slide, allowing me to lick her hard nipples and nice tits, then straight off and into the HJ. 

The HJ technique was ok, better than the massage but because there was no preceeding tease I found it hard to get the job done, mainly because even while she was tugging oldmate she persisted to keep chatting and asking me questions which made me lose focus and take ages, she was good about it and kept switching hands when one got tired, finally I got there. 

Overall the experience was ok, she is a pleasant person, good looking with a good body, massage technique was weak and sensual teasing was non existent. In the end I was still happy, for 80 bucks one cant expect too much. Doubt I will be returning though.


