Thread Title: Hannah - Southport  - 0413 666 423
Floor: #1
Post Time: 15th July 2015, 11:08 AM
Poster ID: gcmale
Post Title: 
 Hannah - Southport  - 0413 666 423
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Hannah

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : mid july

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Locanto hannah 0413666423

Hours of Business : works a couple of days a week

Rates : $100 half $150 hour

Age : 25ish

Size/shape : size 8 with bolt on dds

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : massage, def no full service

Value for money/recommend? : yes

My experience/comments : The fourth Rub and Tug for the week! As I am only back for what may be a week, I am putting plenty of effort in to the review of as many Ladies that I can visit on the Gold Coast.  I was totally taken by Hannahs pics on her ad on Locanto, and spent a couple of days trying to get in contact, it was worth the wait for an evening spot of an hour to come up.  

Her place was easy to find in the back of Southport, having spoken to her a couple of times on the phone I felt we already had a pretty good connection upon my arrival.  She opened the door and true to her word, is the girl in the photos.  Dressed in gym type wear she looked fit and quite attractive, like a hottie just home from the gym.  We exchanged pleasantries and some cash and was into the bedroom to her massage table. I am glad i chose the hour as her massage was fantastic, about 40 minutes of a good, real massage, and then the rest of the time was spent receiving sensual pleasure, whilst playing with her amazing breasts, if you like fake enhancement, these are well done! a credit to her surgeon.

Hannah is a lovely Lady, treat her well.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 16th July 2015, 10:08 PM
Poster ID: Blued
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Locanto ad at http://goldcoast.locanto.com.au/ID_5...ld-Aussie.html -




Sensual Massage *busty, sweet, blonde Hannah, 25yr old Aussie, Southport -  25

[6 images]

Hi gentlemen, 
I'm Hannah, 25 yrs old and Australian 
I'm a petite blonde, 170cm tall, D cup.I have a few small tattoos and smooth skin all over.

I'm offering sensual relaxation massage only so NO FULL SERVICE at all. 
Incalls only from my unit in Southport. Street parking available.

You will find me very friendly ,warm and easy to talk to. Let me help you forget your stresses with a relaxing, sensual and arousing nude oil massage.

Please call or text on 0413 666 423 to make an appointment. Im sure you won't be disappointed  
Xx

(Private numbers won't be answered)
Share


(Yes, I like the look of her pictures too!)


Floor: #3
Post Time: 3rd November 2019, 02:49 PM
Poster ID: jasonjp1980
Post Title: 
 Hannah Gold Coast Massage
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Hannah

Establishment : private residence arundel

Date of Visit : September 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Locanto Advert

Phone : 0413 666 423

Hours of Business : Daily until about 6pm

Rates : $180 for the hour

Age : 27

Size/shape : size 6 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : RnT massage

Value for money/recommend? : Yes great massage and RnT only

My experience/comments : I have seen Hannah a few times.  She provides a really nice relaxation massage with hand relief.  She has an amazing body with a great set of fake boobs and a tiny little hairless pussy.  It's a great massage with nice slow hand relief just the way I like it.  There have never been any other extras available which is a shame.  She allows light respectful touching and is great talk to.  I would love to eat that pussy but unfortunately it's not to be.  If you are happy with the standard RnT with an attractive, friendly Aussie girl you can't really go wrong.


