Thread Title: Isabelle, sensual massage goddess - Gold Coast - 0406 373 055
Floor: #1
Post Time: 20th April 2015, 10:29 PM
Poster ID: gcme
Post Title: 
 Isabelle, sensual massage goddess - Gold Coast - 0406 373 055
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Isabelle

Establishment : private (hotel)

Date of Visit : 20/04/15

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Isabelle | | Escorts & Babes tel:0406373055


Hours of Business : not sure 7 days when in town

Rates : 30 - $150 60 - $200 90 - $300

Age : late 20's - early 30's

Size/shape : fit toned

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie/European 

Services Provided : full body massage/body rub

Value for money/recommend? : yep 

My experience/comments : been looking at her ad for a few days and decided to toftt as I couldn't find a review, all I can say is wow why did I wait. So booking an appointment was extremely easy and I was on my way to her hotel where she is staying in surfers, I believe that she does move around unfortunately and as such is out of here in the next few days.

Anyhow on with the service and I must admit it is at the very top end of my massage budget (which I don't have) lol, however it was very much worth it a lot of local providers could learn lots from this fabulous filly. Her tits are fantastic in my opinion and so is her whole body, about the service it is more flowing strokes so if you are chasing more therapeutic look elsewhere. So onto the table where she has placed a mirror to the side for the perfect view, and so the massage begins.

flowing strokes with the right amount of oil and boobs sliding across your back as she rubs me from head to toe with plenty of fab manoeuvres to provide stimulating visual pictures from the mirror of her front back and fabulous parts that make you want to think of something else lol. Great body sliding whilst massaging front/back reverse etc and as such,there was a few other experiences which I believe is on a case by case basis so I am told so will let you find out. All in all fabulous service with plenty of eye contact and she seemed to enjoy it also, whilst she knew how to control junior to provide a great explosion when the time was right. As always I think with this one your experience may be different to mine but I'm sure a fantastic one, I just wished she was based here, but maybe the bank balance is greatful. Jump in while she is here is all I can say

happy punting Gc


