Thread Title: Jamie Rayon - North Brisbane - 0490 885 600
Floor: #1
Post Time: 2nd September 2018, 09:25 AM
Poster ID: smileychef
Post Title: 
 Jamie Rayon - North Brisbane - 0490 885 600
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jamie

 Establishment : Independent 

 Date of Visit : July 18

 Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Jamie's Relaxation Boutique

 Phone : 0490885600 

Hours of Business : 9-9pm

Rates : $200/hr

Age : 30's

Size/shape : Athletic

Nationality or Ethnicity : Spanish

Services Provided : Body Rub CBJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes / yes

My experience/comments : 1st post so here goes....

Was in Brisvegas a few weeks ago and needed some relief... Didn't want to get stuck in all the traffic in the city and didn't really want to spend $250 on what I really wanted...

Unusually I searched thru E&B with Body rub in mind... Jamie's profile came up and 30mins for $100 seemed almost too good to be true.... so was a bit wary.

Made a booking request and was accepted and told to go to a childcare centre carpark.... Odd choice I thought... Anyways it is a saturday to its deserted. Text again. Now I have to find a sign round the corner and say what it is.... Just so I can get the actual address... I was amused by this stage... so persevered....

Finally get to the destination up the road and park.

Jamie opens the door in a delightful black dress and nipples poking thru already.... She is 30 something (lower end) and has that girl next door look, but with a hot spanish accent !!

In we go and formalities over, I am clean enough apparently and lie on the table. Jamie starts of with a very relaxing massage with careful teasing of the frank and beans. Now is the time I thought it safe to ask about 'extras'. there are a couple of interest, but the one I want is only $30!! I'm glad I am on my front so she can't see the massive grin I have...

Time to roll over and she does a sexy striptease and gives me some hand wash stuff so I can touch her (outside only!!) Then she stops the massage part and just concentrates on the frank and beans.... Age gives experience and she has it in spades..... very erotic indeed... Then she applies a dom with her lips and starts the main event  ... Her modest boobs are brushing me while I am caressing her fantastic arse and she is just doing an amazing job down there following all my instructions and wishes..... till its that perfect moment... and she stays there to tongue tease my twitching frank.... (not like some that leave you wanting just a little more!) until I almost had to ask her to move off.... all the while her hands are caressing my lover half... bliss....

WIR... sure will..


