Thread Title: Jay - Hope Island - 0459 461 532
Floor: #1
Post Time: 14th June 2015, 06:59 PM
Poster ID: wingmanstinson
Post Title: 
 Jay - Hope Island - 0459 461 532
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jay

Establishment : Private townhouse in Hope Island 

Date of Visit : Various times 

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0459 461 532 - Ad has been removed | Locanto

Hours of Business : 7 Days but not between 2:30 and 7

Rates : 120/hr

Age : States 38 but I think she could be in her mid 40's at the least but I'm unsure. 

Size/shape : Medium Height, size 14-16, E cup breasts 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : Massage with relief

Value for money/recommend? : Yes / Yes

My experience/comments : 

I have visited Jay a number of times after finding her advertisement on Locanto. As some of you may know I have been struggling to find a consistent regular masseuse who can provide me with a great massage and tug whilst not killing my budget. 

Jay operates out of her Hope Island town house that she lives in with someone else. Because of this the massage is done in the lounge room, with this caution in mind, Privacy hasn't really been an issue.  

Now I must say that Jay is definitely not in the same massage or looks category as Cameron or even Chloe, she provides a reasonable service and at a nice price. 

Jay performs her massage in panties (not necessarily a G though) and her massage is pleasant enough with a fairly nice tug. 

Her face is actually fairly well kept and she definitely has a nice set of pearly whites. Body wise the boobs are absolutely magnificient and the ass ain't too bad either. Stomach wise though I won't lie, Jay does have a gut and there is a bit of hang to it as well, but she offers a good service whilst also looking like she hasn't grown up in Beenleigh so I'm not too fussed with her. 

Before I close off this review, I must say that Jay does like to chat which is unfortunate but I'm sure she'd learn how to switch off if you asked her politely to turn it down a bit.

An hour for 120 bucks is a fairly reasonable price for a fairly quality based service. She might not be my answer to Cameron but I think that my answer to Cameron will only ever be cameron herself.

Enjoy Boys, 

WMS


Floor: #2
Post Time: 20th December 2019, 04:02 PM
Poster ID: dognuts
Post Title: 
 Jay- Hope Island 0477 968 969
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jay

Establishment : In call

Date of Visit : 17th December, 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : hope Island 0477 968 969

Phone : as above 

Hours of Business : by appointment 

Rates : $130-150

Age : 40's

Size/shape : size 14?

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : massage, cbj

Value for money/recommend? : yes

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

Have seen Jay twice before but not for well over a year. Jay is a little weird, not sure I can get a read on her but I'm not there it be her psych, I'm there for some fun.

Jay takes her massage seriously and provides a quality massage in itself. She really works your muscles over, has some devices (vibrating neck massager and some hand held wooden massagers). Jay gives you some kind of scrub on your legs too. I'm not sure what it does but I just let it go.

On the flip, she stands at the head of the table and leans over your to rub your chest and your cock. She strategically gets her massive breasts on your face and it would be rude not to suck on those huge nipples.
Jay moves around the table and I feel her arse as she works my cock with gentle strokes. Jay then mounted the massage table and me whilst jerking my off harder and faster.
She then got a condom and proceeded to give me cbj (though it was pretty average, being unprompted was pretty good. She try's to quickly lick it like she is flicking a clit, but it doesn't quite work for a bj). She was kneeling on the ground for the bj, so it was prime position to remove the dom and have a tit-fuck.

Changing between tits and hands, i was able to blow all over her big juicy tits. Jay had a nice smile on her face. 
A shower was provided, then she gave a hug and I was on my way.


