Thread Title: Jennie - Fortitude Valley - 0413 845 887
Floor: #1
Post Time: 2nd August 2019, 08:01 PM
Poster ID: Akoop
Post Title: 
 Jennie - Fortitude Valley - 0413 845 887
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jennie

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 28/07/19

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://brisbane.locanto.com.au/ID_1...-Brisbane.html

Phone : 0413845887

Hours of Business : Daily, 11:30am til late

Rates : Massage $100/30m, $150/1hr

Age : Stated as 24, but probably late 20's, early 30's.

Size/shape : Delicious curves, about 5'6"

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian

Services Provided : Massage with relief, possibly more with negotiation

Value for money/recommend? : Yes, most definitely

My experience/comments : After my last terrible experience with a Locanto HAB, I thought I was really pushing my luck, but saw this ad and made a booking at very short notice (like 'Can I see you in 10 minutes?'). She said sure and I scurried over to her place near FV station. She lets me in and she's not 24 like advertised, but closer to early 30's, but very attractive in tiny black lingerie at the door. Curvy for an asian lady, but very good curvy, with a nice ass and delicious hips.
I pay, she asks me to shower and off I go.
I let myself out of the shower, shes naked already and beautiful, with a neat trimmed landing strip.
She puts me up on the massage table and gives a very decent massage. Uses a minty massage oil that just tingles. She let me play with her as but nothing between the legs.
Onto the flip, more ass play, and got to play with her very nice tits. No kissing or fingering allowed, but seem's possible if more was paid I bet.

She gets to the relief part and holy fucks, one of the best handjobs I've had for a while. She will lean over and blow on your cock so close she's almost kissing it. Amazing. Also started talking nasty and dirty, just how I like it. I blasted a huge load and she dutifully cleans it up.

Shower clean, she's still naked for a good bye hug and last play with an amazing body.

I would recommend for a very decent value for money RnT with an attractive, friendly lady.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 3rd August 2019, 06:45 AM
Poster ID: Longdong Silver
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Surely not $250 for an hour. That's one and a half times the half hr rate. Good review however 


Sent from my iPad using Tapatalk


Floor: #3
Post Time: 4th August 2019, 07:53 AM
Poster ID: Stroke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by Longdong Silver


Surely not $250 for an hour. That’s one and a half times the half hr rate. Good review however 


Sent from my iPad using Tapatal
"""



Link says $150 per hour - review updated


Floor: #4
Post Time: 15th September 2019, 09:36 AM
Poster ID: PHM
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jennie

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : Lucky Friday 13th Sept 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://brisbane.locanto.com.au/ID_1...-Brisbane.html

Phone : 0413845887

Hours of Business : Ad says 24 /7 

Rates : Massage $100/30m, $150/1hr 

Age : Late 20s early 30s (although her apartment was rather dark)

Size/shape : 165cm and fairly curvy 

Nationality or Ethnicity : I didn't ask although I would guess South east asian

Services Provided : r'n't

Value for money/recommend? : Yes 

My experience/comments : Finished dinner with mates in the Valley and wasn't ready to call it quits yet so I looked on Locanto and sent Jennie a message. She was available in an hour's time and I booked for a 30 min session. First time with her so wanted to see how it was before committing to a longer session. She located in an apartment complex near Brunswick station. Funny thing is she is the third WL I've visited in the same building. Just a note - street parking is a hassle so give yourself an extra 10 mins to find a spot. 

Her ad doesn't show her face, but the body does look like it's her and in person she is pretty. She had bangs and hair tied up. Quite cute, sweet smile. The apartment is clean and tidy with a fold out massage table set up in the living / dining room with dim mood lighting. I think there was even some "spa" music playing in the background. Took a quick shower and when i came out she was in her birthday suit and asked me to lie face down on the table. She provides a professional massage with dexterous use of her hands and climbing on the back of my legs, butt and back with firm pressure applied with her knees. The tingly massage oil she used smelled like tiger balm so just something to keep in mind if odd smells can cause unwanted questions...

After she massaged me from neck to toes she asked me to flip over and said that I could touch her. She has velvety soft skin and felt gym toned. She was fully waxed when I saw her and when my wandering got a bit close to her lips below, she said that place was off limits. I respected her rules and played with her butt and tits instead. I agree with Akoop's review, she gives a very skilled handjob. She gripped me firmly at the base of my shaft with one had while she stroked, polished, swirled and teased me with her other hand...all the while talking dirty. Something about cumming deep in her pussy. Lasted as long as i could before unloading, clean up, shower and left. 

I was out the door 30mins on the dot. 

WIR - yes. I reckon with repeat visits things will only get better.  

PHM


