Thread Title: Jody - Annerly - 0424 630 905
Floor: #1
Post Time: 22nd April 2016, 09:43 PM
Poster ID: cjh
Post Title: 
 Jody - Annerly - 0424 630 905
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jody

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 3/3/16

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : http://brisbane.locanto.com.au/ID_76...-Annerley.html

Hours of Business : all day, no specific hours stated

Rates : $70 / 30min

Age : 39

Size/shape : Large

Nationality or Ethnicity : Caucasian

Services Provided : Massge with ending

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : 
Booking was easy And clear directions given as it is in a house converted to units so it helps if you go to the correct front door. Was met by the as advertised BBW lady. The building is very old & run down, I found this a little off putting. Habded over the cash & the birthday suit massage started. The massage was quite good. Whilst I often enjoy small talk during a massage I did find her constant chat a little annoying.
On the flip the ending was a little mchanical, but it got the job done. Jody actively encourages touching, and does not seem to set any boundaries. In fact I feel I was sort of scolded for my hands not wandering enough.

If you like larger ladies with good massage skills then this one is for you.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 26th April 2016, 10:29 AM
Poster ID: HornyHoratio
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
cjh, what was she wearing when she greeted you at the door, was Jody completely nude from the start of the massage and did she offer (or hint at) any body/tit slide action ?


Floor: #3
Post Time: 26th April 2016, 10:32 PM
Poster ID: cjh
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
HH She was wearing normal clothes, nothing sexy when she answered the door. 
Once the business side had been dealt with she had her gear off before I had mine off. 
The fact that actively encourgaed touching implies that you may get the action you desire.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 21st July 2016, 12:57 PM
Poster ID: HornyHoratio
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jodi

Establishment : Private house, Lambton st Annerley (some of her ads included her street locn)

Date of Visit : Tue 21/6/16

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0424 630 905 
BBW Busty bodyrub Aussie in Annerley - Brisbane body rubs - backpage.com
http://brisbane.locanto.com.au/ID_71...-Annerley.html

Hours of Business : Flexible times 

Rates : $70/30min, $100/hr (my booking)

Age : Claims 39, maybe early/mid 40's

Size/shape : BIG, my guess size 18, E natural tits, big belly shaved pussy (from feel), long dark hair, pleasant face

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie with a hint of American/Canadian accent

Services Provided : Massage, tit slide, HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes / Yes

My experience/comments : Had some business in Brissy so took opportunity to book a massage with Jodi. Contact via SMS was easy and best to book a day or two earlier, as I did, as she was able to fit me into a late morning timeslot. I confirmed the booking early on the day and she replied with her exact address. Note her house is at least two separate residences so follow her instructions to reach the correct front door to her abode.

Her home is part of a run down old Queenslander that's seen many sad attempts at renovations, so don't expect salubrious surrounding but it was reasonably clean with soft background music. After settling finances, I stripped and laid onto the table in a small alcove room off the main lounge. Jodi returned, stripped nude and started the massage on my back with sweeps down to my bum. Soon she was crouched, leaning and resting on me and sliding her oiled up large tits over my back from neck to bum while her hand was working my upper inner thighs and tackle. She was close enough so I ventured a hand over the back of her legs and up to her bum and pussy but her bulky legs prevented me easy access to her pussy. She told me to hold off touching her until turnover as it distracted her massage technique. I was happy to enjoy her working on my bum and legs with alot of groping and stroking my tackle and regular sweeps of her tits over me. Her massage was good and there was some therapeutic aspect to her massage but was predominantly an arousing/sensual technique which I enjoyed very much.

Turnover time and Jodi resumed the tity sweeps over my chest as I occasioanlly fondled her breasts as they moved over my chest. Meanwhile I was able to enjoy fondling her pussy and large bum from behind as she moved onto stroking my cock. Not long before she had my cock hard and I blew my load. To wind down the massage Jodi gave me a relaxing foot massage then a head/scalp massage as well, to finish off a good session. After a shower to wash off the oil, I was dressed and on my way. Overall, a great massage with plenty of sensual component to it and I thought worth the price. She mentioned she only includes one HJ in the hour session as she does the HJ as "a bonus" to the therapeutic massage she offers in her service.


