Thread Title: Julia - Windaroo - 0407 027 279
Floor: #1
Post Time: 26th November 2012, 03:10 AM
Poster ID: Signaturexxx
Post Title: 
 Julia - Windaroo - 0407 027 279
				
Post Content: 
Name Julia

Date of visit August 2011

Address Private house studio in Windaroo QLD GC Hinterland

Phone 0407 027 279

link News Ltd Classifieds Under massage

ANCIENT MASSAGEBrisbane, QLD 
Description:
Unique and powerful. Ph Julia 0407 027 279


Ethnicity: Caucasian

Age: Late 30's early 40's

Body: Athletic busty with "D" cup pert boobs.

Dressed in :Wore a body hugging smock stripped to bikini

Services offered: Massage FBM and HJ

Cost $70 hr including HJ

Full strip nude massage $140 hr

Bodyslide extra

Value for money; Yep you betcha 

Experience,

Saw ad in News online for Ancient massage by Julia.
Had to ring a number of times. She filters out the idiots and timewasters.
After a few times phoning with number showing she answered.
A little coy as it is in Qld. did not ask any direct questions about type of massage.
this is punting but as an experienced punter I saw all the signs this was going to be an adventure.
She sent me directions to her place via text after I had made a booking. Sensible and secure. 
This gives the ring of being more exclusive which means that you are dealing with a smart ml.

Took the directions and drove for about 20 mins north of Surfers Paradise.

Arrived to be greeted by a very good looking ml dressed sexily. 
Showered off with all and onto the table face down after paying the money.
A good sign. She asked me about pressures and if I had any particular areas she could work on 
no just a relaxation massage.
Well I was given the most sensual massage I had had in some time.
the crack play the tackle tickle and the finger vebnturing where it shouldn't had me worked up to the point of no return...
Exploded on the table face down....oh dear..wasn't expecting that
No probs she said we still have plentry of time
turned me over cleaned me up and asked me to lift my butt so she could replace the linen.
that done it was back to the massage where she continued to arouse my manhood even though he was mostly spent.
After another 20 minutes she asked me to turn over and started to give me the slow two handed cock massage.
Well baby this girl knew exactly what she was doing she actually apologised for me coming alraedy and said she would not normally have allowed that to happen so soon...
I was anticipating her massage so no fault on her behalf just a bit too much to hold the dam busters with just mind control!
Well this girl was determined to bring me to another climax and after 10 minutes of massaging my ballsack and cock i exploded with the second dam full of love juice and hit her in the face.


We both laughed as neither of us was expecting such a result the second time...

She then cleaned me up again and continued to massage me for another 10 minutes until time was well and truly past the hour.
I had a shower thanked her and left back to Surfers.
All in all a great afternoon punt. Smiling on a cloud of pillows ant pleasant thoughts back to civilisation.

Looks 7/10 (I am a hard marker)
massage 8/10 (got some kinks out)
HJ 9/10 (got me there twice)
VFM 9.5/10
Location 6/10 (A fair bit out of the way)
Ambience and cleanliness 9/10 (She is a bit of a clean freak which suits me!)

All in all a great punt and well worth the visit.
I would say she is a hippie cross surfer chick.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 27th December 2012, 01:35 AM
Poster ID: Signaturexxx
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Common Queenslanders.... doesn't anyone North of the border like Caucasian lasses?

This punt was magic and has a great setup....she is a real gem and what is the point in posting punts in Qld if nobody is going to bother to follow them up and post a second or subsequent experience?....

Perhaps we need to send some economic assitance packages north of the border so these poor bastards can afford to punt...

WAYNE WAYNE where are you WAYNE!!!????

Well looks as though there is little point in saying CUMM ON QUEENSLANDERS!!!


Floor: #3
Post Time: 27th December 2012, 08:48 AM
Poster ID: tittylover
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I'm going to give her a go next time I'm on that side of town. I live the white girls. Over the Asians. Thanks for the report.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 27th December 2012, 07:22 PM
Poster ID: niteowl
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I have actually seen Julia a few years back and will definitely vouch for how good the experience was. It's sort of tantric i suppose? The highlight (and unique part) was when she got me face down and asked me to lift my bum up off the massage table. I felt VERY exposed, but she rubbed away on my date and pulled on my cock at the same time and had me close to blowing like sigx. I managed to control myself but probably wouldn't have if I knew she was god for multiple shots! I have been thinking about going back and reckon I probably will one of these days - just a bit more inconvenient than my usual punts.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 2nd January 2013, 12:23 PM
Poster ID: showser
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I like the sound of this girl.  I'll try and get there soon.

Got no work on at mo, so have to pick my punts carefully


Floor: #6
Post Time: 4th February 2013, 10:47 AM
Poster ID: mickjones
Post Title: 
 Ancient Massage, Unique and powerful
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Julia

Establishment : private

Date of Visit : late 2012

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0407 027 279

Hours of Business : 10-4

Rates : $85 per hour

Age : late 30s

Size/shape : petite, large breasts

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : therapeutic with relief

Value for money/recommend? : Definitely

My experience/comments : 

Advertises in the health & beauty section of CM, located past Beenleigh.  Attractive woman wears low cut top and short shorts.  Definely sees herself as a healer, almost spiritual.

Great massage to begin.  She works extremely hard, as if two sets of hands.  All knotted muscles are released.  Then after some washing there is some great ass rubbing.  After turning over there is a lot of cock/scrotum rubbing before final hand relief.

She is quite serious, though did smile when I suggested she should also be naked.  All in all a great experience.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 5th April 2013, 07:48 PM
Poster ID: Fooey
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Its interesting how peoples expriences vary.
I had read this thread on Julia a few times and thought it sounded pretty good so decided to pay her a visit back around the beginning of March. I booked a session around midday as I was in the area at the time. Parked on the street, up to the buzzer and followed her directions around to the back of the house. She greeted me at the back door, slim blonde probably 40ish wearing a tank top and white shorts. She mentioned straight up that she could sense that I was having trouble with the right side of my neck, which I was funnily enough! The right side of my neck and back gets tight often and causes discomfort. So that was trippy. No messing around, $85 for an hour, off with the clothes and face down on the table. Julias technique of massage is lots of oil and using very quick, long sweeping movements covering the whole limb back and forth, and its actually quite rough. I prefer the slower, kneading, working one area, Thai style of massage. I guess its just personal preference but I didn't find it very comfortable. After working on my back she sprayed some kind of I don't know what it was and gave my back and legs a scrub with something coarse, then lathered up my butt and gave it a good scrub to make sure I was squeaky clean. The next part which was quite enjoyable was she massaged my legs right in the groin area which I haven't had done before and feels pretty good. Gave my back a washdown and dry off and then over to the front. After the wash all I could smell was a hint of Dettol which I found to be quite a turn off. She massaged my legs and arms with the same fast sweeping rough technique and moved onto the HJ which was pretty good and she new what she was doing. During climax she made some kind of SHHHHHHHHHHHH noise with her mouth which must be some kind of Tantric technique. All up it wasn't really my cup of tea. She is quite a serious lady and didn't smile much, and the experience was very clinical and like being prepped for surgery, except the HJ part of course. If your tired of the standard RnT and want something different then give this a go, as it definitely is different, however if your looking for a regular RnT or you prefer a slower style of massage then you should probably give this a miss.


Floor: #8
Post Time: 22nd May 2013, 01:34 AM
Poster ID: BiggusDickus
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Being curious and in Qld decided to go to this Milf and see what the story was.

Person's Name : Julia

Establishment : Ancient Massage

Date of Visit : May 2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :See local newspaper 

Hours of Business : Mon to Sat 1o to 6 

Rates : $85 for the hour

Age : late 40;s

Size/shape : Size 12 C cups

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : Massage nude and HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes but not for everyone

My experience/comments : Booked ahead with Julia. She sent directions to her studio by text. Fairly easy to find.
Arrived on time and buzzed. Went around to the rear door where she has a room setup. First thing you see is a toilet an d shower on the way in. 
Leave money on table and told to strip. Got onto table. She started with washing down with soapy water. A really pleasant feeling. A little Nuruish.
Does not worry about where she touches does not avoid touching the genitals. It is as described before very clinical. She does not smile much. After about 40 minutes she went out of the room and then came back in and said I could have a treat. She was butt naked. A belly piercing is all I can remember that was remarkable. A pair of saggy but delightful tits. A bit of cellulite but which 40 + year old doesn't have that. Typical shaved with a little landing strip. Hello I thought I was in for a treat. But no the rest of the massage was even more clinical. Finished me off with great handjob. As described above a very good massage with a funny whistling face and sounds as I came. The funny bit was she placed a hot flannel over my face but left it open enough so i could look at her. Don't know what that was all about.
All in all for me excellent value. WIR Probably. VFM Def Yes.

Biggus


Floor: #9
Post Time: 22nd May 2013, 01:35 AM
Poster ID: BiggusDickus
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I should add that Julia is a sincere individual who believes she is a healer. Physical emotional mental and sexual healer.

With that in mind you should reaalise that for her it is not about the handjob. It is about cleaning you up and that gives her pleasure.

Biggus.


Floor: #10
Post Time: 22nd May 2013, 02:46 AM
Poster ID: BiggusDickus
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Oh I forgot something for all you fans of celebrity.

This Julia is a deadset lookalike of Julia Morris both in her facial and bodily looks.

Biggus.


Floor: #11
Post Time: 20th March 2014, 02:27 PM
Poster ID: wingmanstinson
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Has any punter been here since and can confirm the the HJ is still on offer? cheers


Floor: #12
Post Time: 14th September 2014, 05:53 AM
Poster ID: wingmanstinson
Post Title: 
 Not for the faint hearted
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Julia

Establishment : Private House in Windaroo (Right next to boganville, i mean beenleigh)

Date of Visit : 13 September 2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : As Above 

Hours of Business : 10-4

Rates : 85/ hour

Age : Maybe late 40's, who knows. 

Size/shape : Size 12, Nice bust

Nationality or Ethnicity : Cauc

Services Provided : Massage with Relief

Value for money/recommend? : It's cheap alright but I wouldn't go back any time soon. 

My experience/comments : 

Having asked the questions and not receiving any intel on Julia I decided I would relish the sunshine and give her a visit. She surprisingly gets quite busy and needs notice ahead of the day but that's okay, I knew that already. 

Physically, Julia is as described above and the resemblance with busty Bonds rep, Julia Morris is uncanny, save for the fact she has Blonde Hair which I don't think suits her.

Julia noticed I had pain from the right top side of my back and she was correct and we had a brief discussion before I nuded up and got on the table. Julia then proceeded to commence a long hour of quick sweeping and rather forceful strokes. If you don't like pressure in a massage go elsewhere! Me personally, my pain threshold is quite low, and when I asked for Softer she said this was soft! For the next hour she talked and talked whilst giving me a massage from Hell. 

As mentioned earlier she does wash your body from head to toe, which is quite strange, but I think it goes to show, she is not properly trained in massage and accordingly needs something to fill in the time. 

Turn over eventually and after some work on the Stomach she received my cock and started her tug. Now I'm all for women that now how to get you off, but she only played with the top and was basically trying to get me to cum as soon as possible which is annoying as the tug was the best part of a shit massage. 

After the big O, she cleaned me up and made sure everything was all wiped down (as she doesn't provide a shower) but I left quite clean thank Christ. 

Now for those that said she goes nude, she confirmed that she did use to however she went through a bit of a hard time in life, and is trying to lose some weight and after this she will get back into it. 

Finally, It should be noted that Julia talks and talks and talks and talks, a whole lot of bullshit, so realistically, not only do you get a painful massage from someone that probably doesn't have the requisite skills to give one, but you get to listen to her talking a whole lot of smack. I tried by ignoring her and just staying silent but she kept on going. I will add this is rare to me as I do like to chat with most ladies during a massage, but this was a one sided monologue that even Jacqui Lambie would not be so stupid as to believe. 

There is a reason why Julia does not have many reviews. Lads let's keep it like that. Save your hard earned cash, double it and see Chloe in Upper Coomera instead!


Floor: #13
Post Time: 14th September 2014, 10:51 PM
Poster ID: niteowl
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Uncanny... I was driving through Beenleigh yesterday and came so close to giving Julia a call, but didn't see any current adverts on the net and decided to give it a miss. I even drove past her house FFS!  Sounds like I wouldn't have got in with 2 mins notice anyway. Thanks for the up to date intel. I might file that one in the archives and leave it that way... shame, she used to offer a pretty good unique massage. I do know exactly what use mean about the talk though - I recall the main topic of conversation was new age mumbo jumbo.


Floor: #14
Post Time: 15th September 2014, 02:15 PM
Poster ID: wingmanstinson
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
It's definitely unique but when I cant claim this one back on Medibank entitlements, I don't want to be paying for a massage that has me uncomfortable the whole time :S


