Thread Title: Karen - Main Beach - 0412 068 242
Floor: #1
Post Time: 28th December 2012, 11:31 PM
Poster ID: gcme
Post Title: 
 Karen - Main Beach - 0412 068 242
				
Post Content: 
Hi guys sorry doing this on a ipad so will be a little short and sweet. Had a punt on a rub out of the Gcbulletin. I believe her name is Karen??, she works out of a nice secure high rise in breaker st. Her no is 0412 068 242 she was great to deal with via the phone, great directions etc...so down to business service cost 100 for half hr and included a full nude massage with body slide and relief. Now this lovely lady is a little older I would say early 40's to mid guessing ?? However smoking body, I would guess size 8 d cup fake titties and nice shaven puss. Well she mentioned that she used to do high end escort work and moved into massage for a change. Well I can tell you that she has had some degree of training as it was a reasonable rub with a great ending & lovely view....so give her a go and be gentle


Floor: #2
Post Time: 29th December 2012, 05:00 AM
Poster ID: Signaturexxx
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
GCME could you possibly TOFTT and visit another Ml in the Logan area. Noticed you looked at my page so unsure if this was for a reason but whatever the reason could you take a look at Cheree at Loganholme. she advertises in capitals sorry CAPITALS and does so on Gumtree. I posted on a general thread. asking for anyone who has seen her.
Is the above ML have an ad that can be verified so as the punt can be done independant of the site.
Some girls want to know where you got their number from and if there is no link you are put on the spot...
Cheers SignXXX


Floor: #3
Post Time: 30th December 2012, 06:20 PM
Poster ID: gcme
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
As mentioned, her ad was out of Gold Coast bulletin newspaper


Floor: #4
Post Time: 24th June 2013, 12:59 PM
Poster ID: wingmanstinson
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Kathryn

Establishment : Private Unit / Main Beach

Date of Visit : 22 / 6 / 2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0412 068 242

Hours of Business : 9am-7pm, 7 Days

Rates : 100 Half / 200 Hour

Age : In 40's

Size/shape : Size 8, 5'6, Fake d cup titties 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : Massage + HJ + DATY

Value for money/recommend? : Great for the more well off punters. 

My experience/comments : 

After a day of trying to contact Ned and Kim that have been both been mentioned in previous posts, I decided to go with the wind and take a punt on Kathryn. The reason why I say punt, was due to the fact that after arranging a 30 minute session the night prior with Kathryn, 20 minutes before we were to start, i receive a text saying she couldn't make it. Although I realise some gals do have legitimate reasons, there is a fair load of shit on the Coast and this can often be a sign of it. 

So i eventually decided to call kathryn back the next day, and decided what the hell, it was a beautiful day and things were going swell for me, so why not try her for the hour. Kathryn had already divulged her address to me the night before and being a local, it was rather easy to find and the parking spaces were plentiful (just don't make sure you park too close to one of the many merc's or beamers parading around the area).

5 minutes before our session, i buzz the gate to the building to which the intercom was answered quickly by Kathryn giving me easy enough instructions to get through to the main lift. Once in the lift, i find my way to her unit. Not knowing what to expect and a hater of Fake boobs, i braced myself for the worst upon knocking, but after a tall (albeit aided by stripper heels) blonde goddess with a smile to die for, answered the door wearing matching Victoria's Secret coordinates, the mind was at ease. 

Kathryn led me through to her massage table in her exquisite apartment, where I stripped and popped myself onto the table. Kathryn then came into the room still wearing her bra and panties (unfortunately a bit too full at the back for my liking, much prefer an itsy bitsy G, but what can you do hahah), but soon assured me they would come off. 

Kathryn gave a rather pleasant soft to medium massage varying her strokes between using her nails to really getting stuck into your back. Relatively quickly into the massage Kathryn was naked as the all too familiar sound of Lingerie hitting the floor blessed my auditory senses. The massage continued on, and although rather pleasant there was none of the tickle-tackle or soft touching of the balls whilst on the back that I have come to like but alas, its okay. 

Before getting me to turnover Kathryn lathered her upper half before giving me a body slide, unfortunately, with tits although nice to touch but fairly rocky, this doesnt make for the best of experiences, but she tries that's for sure. Soon after it was time to turn over, where Kathryn did a little bit of my legs before moving to the centre for a meet and greet with my cock. At this stage of the massage, Kathryn comes quite close to the arms, inviting you full access to her body including her landing-strip covered pussy, after allowing entrance into her pussy which felt so good on the hands, I figured i'd try my luck and exclaimed that i'd love to have a taste of it, in a Bolt-like reaction, Kathryn had her pussy and ass inches away from my face, and damn it tasted good.

For the best ten minutes, Kathryn allowed me to continue dining on her whilst I eventually came. Let's just say that gave me a very happy ending, just a shame, Kathryn couldn't be convinced to have a bit of a suck, but it was brilliant none the less. After helping me wash my back in her extremely spacious shower, i got dressed and after a nice goodbye-kiss on the lips, I was off to enjoy the rest of my day. 

Would I return: when I next have the money, Hell Yes!

After-thoughts: It's just such a shame that you have to pay so much these days for a massage with a happy ending, it seems with the rare exceptions, but most chicks charge 100 / half and if you want any lower you're looking down the barrel of an asian-shotgun with hair visible from the Moon. But I digress: Absolutely awesome time was had, and given what she charges, its on par with most Australian girls.


