Thread Title: Kate - Southport Area (Main Beach) - 0432 243 927
Floor: #1
Post Time: 31st January 2014, 12:09 PM
Poster ID: gcmale
Post Title: 
 Kate - Southport Area (Main Beach) - 0432 243 927
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Kate

Establishment : private

Date of Visit :  27/1/14

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : gold coast bulletin 0432 243 927

Hours of Business : short time here, every day

Rates : $100 half hour

Age : early thirties

Size/shape : size 10

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : lingerie massage

Value for money/recommend? : I think so

My experience/comments : Having just returned from a 5 week European holiday, and back into the heat, first day back at work and needed to unwind.  Good massages with Aussie girls are getting harder to find on the Goldy, so after calling all the go-to numbers a game of Gold Coast Bulletin roulette was in order as for some reason no one was answering. 

A new ad was on, so on the phone to her, Kate, who answered straight away and was free in 20 minutes.  In to Main Beach to a nice highrise, and she texts the intercom number and up I go.  She explains she is doing this for a little extra cash, , she was very adamant, no full service, and not nude, just lingerie.... I have no problem with that, she is hot, and I am keen to see more of whats under the tiny gym shorts and singlet.

On to the table, facing a big mirror, which is good, and the oil up and massage begins.  All good, usual time on the back and then over on to the finale.  She is down to small bra and panties now, and a very attractive sight is right in front of me, doing a good job, and then its over, right on the 30 minutes! 

Kate was fairly talkative but not overly so, i am sure with a few sessions, things could get quite hot and heavy, at least that's the impression I get, however she says she is only here short term and will head back to Sydney soon. She is of medium height, gym fit, a pretty face, and good fun.  As usual your mileage may vary with this one.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 1st February 2014, 02:03 PM
Poster ID: wingmanstinson
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
If I'm not wrong this lady also goes by the name of Faith. Saw her in Broadbeach (she is touring the coast hahah) and can confirm that she will go nude so not sure what her adamance was based on cause from the very first session she was topless and the second session she was nude in all her glory but I think she's solely cash minded as she's only doing the half hours and she's doing it quite expensively. I was not going to review her as I thought she'd be out of the coast by now.


