Thread Title: Kate - Varsity Lakes - 0452 387 643
Floor: #1
Post Time: 30th September 2014, 11:03 PM
Poster ID: wingmanstinson
Post Title: 
 Kate - Varsity Lakes - 0452 387 643
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Kate

Establishment : Private Appartment - Varsity Lakes

Date of Visit : 30 September 2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0452 387 643





			
				gentle relaxing stress relief. Burleigh area 10 am to 6 pm. Mature. 0452 387 643
			
		

 As of GC BUlletin ad. 

Hours of Business : 10am - 6pm

Rates : 70 for Half Hour

Age : Probably late 50's maybe even early 60's

Size/shape : Slim probably a size 8, not overly toned though, Natural yet saggy DDs

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : Massage with relief

Value for money/recommend? : Yes / See Report

My experience/comments : 

As evidenced by my lack of new threads I haven't punted for quite a while. After a lot of my regular girls have either disappeared or weren't available today, I decided to look through the paper online via the News Classifieds website. I saw Kates ad and thought it was a bit different so I gave it a call. Kate was rather pleasant over the phone and informed about her massage which is a soft sensual massage performed in Lingerie however it will eventually come off. She didn't actually sound too old over the phone and I thought it can't be that bad and at the very least I get a chance to blow my load by someone other than Mrs Palmer (who I might add is probably feeling terribly sorry for herself with Clive's media circus). 

A time was t'd up and Kate gave me the complete address from the get go. With a bit of a long journey due to highway congestion I eventually made it and started to realise that this block of units was looking rather barren however, Cameron from Mermaid Beach also lived in a rather old house, but she made it work and I powered on. Knocked on the door and Kate greeted me soon enough, now, Kate didn't lie about her body appearance it was all true, the unfortunate thing though, it would seem a life of smoking has aged her face (for all those that love to puff durries, the signs are so obvious to give up!). 

Another negative thing I started to notice her house was rather hordish like, not terribly messy, but I don't think she has a wardrobe so where you get to see her wardrobe collection whilst you are on the massage table. Now I digress, whilst this may sound like a rather negative review, it is definitely not. 

Now Kate started the massage in her bra and g-string with a silky see through robe over the top. What followed was a nice soft massage that I was wanting especially after some back pain so I have had my fair share of proper massages lately so Kate was just what the doctor ordered. Kate took her time, with not too much tickle tackle but eventually after a solid 15 minutes of soft massage took me by the two jatz crackers and sausage whilst on my back and had a very nice play. 

After a nice and slow teasing 5 mins of this, I was eventually on my back and helped Kate took off her Lingerie to reveal nice but saggy Natural DD's and a nice bush. What followed was nice slow hand relief motion whilst I sucked on her beautiful nipples eventually bringing her to orgasm from the sensation of me fingering her mature rainforest. Eventually it was all too much and I blew. 

All things aside, if Kate's face wasn't so worn I'd definitely be back but I'm just not sure I could do it. Once i got my head around the decrepid appartment I had a brilliant time especially for such a little amount. But whilst she has a nice body for her age, it seems like a life time of poor choices has cost Kate her beauty, but for a one off provider, I had a good time.


