Thread Title: Kathie - Spring Hill - 0490 151 639
Floor: #1
Post Time: 2nd August 2015, 08:19 PM
Poster ID: wingmanstinson
Post Title: 
 Kathie - Spring Hill - 0490 151 639
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Kathie

Establishment : Private House in Spring Hill

Date of Visit : 02 August 2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0490 151 639 http://brisbane.locanto.com.au/ID_46...RE-Female.html

Hours of Business : 7 days 9am-9pm

Rates : 95/ hour

Age : Mature, maybe mid 50's who knows. 

Size/shape : Medium - Large

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : Therapeutic massage with Relief

Value for money/recommend? : Yes / Maybe

My experience/comments :

Today was one of those days where I'm thankful that massages like the ones we rave about exist cause I definitely needed one!

I have seen Kathie's ad on Locanto for a long while, her replies back are rather measured and she definitely knows what she's doing. The only issue is the 76km journey required to see her, and given the fact that she is rather particular she is not the type of woman that will provide you with her measurements over the phone so this trip was done solely on blind faith and almost desperation. 

For those interested in seeing Kathie, don't try parking on her street as there is definitely no parking there, you're best bet is to park on boundary street where it meets parish street. 

So a time was arranged and it was off to Brisvegas to test out how fuel efficient the new wheels exactly are, needless to say I have now discovered that my new 1.2L turbo hot hatch just needs to sniff petrol on the highway which is a nice relief haha. 

It would seem as though Kathie runs a very tight schedule and has people booked in back to back, as it took a good 10 minutes after our allotted time start before I was given the go ahead to knock on her door. 

Kathie is definitely a more mature lady (and her ad does say 49), she is no stunner but I think maybe in her day you might have looked back. She is probably a size 14 maybe even a 16 but if you like massive boobs you will like hers!!!

As for Kathie's massage, I was more after a softer massage however it was a bit more remedial almost in which I found myself rather uncomfortable at times. Most peoploe wouldn't have minded but I am rather sensitive and although I let her know she didn't really retreat which wasn't something I was too impressed about to be entirely honest. 

After about a solid half hour of this, she kind of switched it up to a lighter touch (still with her hands though, not fingertips or anything like that) and then it was time to turn over. She got straight onto the Tug, and I must say it was one of the best tugs, if not the best tug I have had in a long while or ever. She knew exactly what she was doing and required no instruction all the while I was allowed to feel her up through her tights and her top. 

Unfortunately another dislike was during the Tug, she asked me If I was close to cumming to which I said yes, and she said good because time was almost up. Don't know which clock she was using but even with after the shower I had only been there for 55minutes so that's something that I wasn't too happy about.

I eventually came and took a shower, however, you probably might need another shower after cause I've noticed my legs are still rather oily. 

My final thoughts on Kathie are still rather undecided as it was a cheap and good service but proabably not worth the drive given my locality however if I was in Brisbane, I could see myself going to see her a few times every now and then. 

At the moment she allows tasteful touching, but nothing more than this. 



​SIDE NOTE

On a completely unrelated side note, during the massage, Kathie mentioned that she knows of a place on the GC that consists of roughly 6 middle aged aussie women providing Topless massages with relief that she is thinking about working for a couple of days a week. Hopefully Kathie will provide me with these details if she works there..does anyone know of this place that she mentioned? If so your intel would be greatly appreciated.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 21st August 2015, 08:50 AM
Poster ID: Tessa
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Ah yes the lovely Kathie.
This is the same lady that abused me for being 2 minutes early "yes early". I turned and left. She may have changed her ways, I will never find out though.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 16th January 2016, 04:00 PM
Poster ID: YoungPunter
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Kathie - Spring Hill - 0490 151 639
Person's Name : Kathie

Establishment : Unit in Spring Hill

Date of Visit : 04 of December 2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0490 151 639
http://brisbane.locanto.com.au/ID_46...RE-Female.html


Hours of Business : 7 days 9am-11pm

Rates : 95/ hour or 80 3/4 hour

Age : Mature, maybe mid 50's who knows. 

Size/shape : Medium - Large

Nationality or Ethnicity :  Caucasian "Aussie"

Services Provided : Therapeutic massage with Relief

Value for money/recommend? : Yes / Not that cheap

My experience/comments :

Firstly I'd Like to say that it is definitely believable that she was a professional masseuse, however as the massage was good it wasn't the best,  they're were small touches to the massage which really boosted the experience. The Ending was good / alright, i also got asked if i was ready to finish. As previously stated she allows mild touching however doesn't do any thing outside of Hj, which is a bit of a shame as she has a firm Big ass. A bit old for me but was okay looking, overall the experience was fine.


