Thread Title: Katie - Worongary - 0438 741 575
Floor: #1
Post Time: 19th February 2013, 09:21 PM
Poster ID: mlj156
Post Title: 
 Katie - Worongary - 0438 741 575
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Karen

Establishment : Asian Massage

Date of Visit : 19/02/13

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :  0438 741575

Hours of Business : 8am till 9pm

Rates : 60mins / $50 HJ extra $30

Age : 35ish

Size/shape : 8 or so around 5'6" tall, fairly attractive for age

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Good quality massage with Happy ending

Value for money/recommend? : YES!! Will return again

My experience/comments : Large acreage house located on what looks to be a 1acre block in Worongary, drive in carpark with room for 3 cars or so, there was one other when I arrived and when I left, that car had gone and there was another car in its place, didn't have that awkward 'sunny's on' moment moment where you bump into other customers!

Upon getting out of my car, I was greeted with the Asian woman which was to massage me, it was raining heavily and she held an umbrella over me, which I appreciated and found to be very polite of her

The massage area is downstairs and has been setup as such, approx 5 rooms separated by built walls painted red and a curtain at the front, this area was nice and clean and well set up, I felt comfortable in the environment.

The massage felt like a proper deep tissue massage with oil, most definately worth the $50, it was not like other punts I have had before where the massage was absolute rubbish and in some cases painful or just no good, where you pray all of the offenders expertise lies in the art of a great hand job! (if you even get offered, or worse still have to ask for it after a shit massage)...

It was very relaxing and I felt I gained from it. To be honest I wasn't too fussed about whether I was offered a HE finish but when she asked me to turn over, she started massaging me from over my head and rubbing her hands down towards my cock, I was soon very hard, to which she asked me if i wanted HE (gave me the old wanking motion gesture) and held up 3 fingers $30

The handy work was ok, although ive had better, much better... a pretty basic oil up and stroke till ya cum.

After that I was cleaned up (oil/cum etc!) and wiped down, I paid the extra 30 and walked outside.

Overall the massage 8/10

HE: 5/10

Total 6-7/10

I wouldn't hesitate to go back for another massage only


Floor: #2
Post Time: 1st May 2013, 06:12 AM
Poster ID: m1014expert
Post Title: 
 Full Body Massage, Worongary
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jenny

Establishment : Asian Massage

Date of Visit : 22/03/2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0438 741575

Hours of Business : 8am - late

Rates : $50/30mins

Age : 28

Size/shape : Tall, Slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : RnT

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments: I went to this massage parlour after speaking to the receptionist on the phone. It was a 20 minute or so drive from Broadbeach to a house that was located a long way from the main drag in Worongary. Don't confuse this place with the massage/beauty parlour on the corner of Quambone St. I got there at 5PM and was greeted by the mamasan. She confirmed that i was here for a full body massage and led me to a curtained area with a massage table. A tall, slim Asian lady who called herelf Jenny entered after i had some time to get my clothes off and lay on the table.
She gave me a nice firm full body massage with oil. The massage itself was very good and i would liken it to the same quality of massage you can get in many places in Thailand. 
When it was time for me to roll over, Jenny asked if i wanted a happy ending and i agreed happily. She said it would be an extra $20 and i said it was fine.
She did some great work on me and i was very relieved after a short time. I was a little disappointed that i wasn't allowed to touch her during the happy ending, nor was she willing to get nude. 
Maybe i needed to ask up front whether this was possible for an extra charge.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 10th March 2014, 05:52 PM
Poster ID: hgry1
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
This thread probably belongs under theraputic establishments mods.

A review will follow in due course but there are a number of ladies that work here that are providing excellent VFM with $50 for an hour massage  just distance is the main problem being 5 - 8 minutes from highway exit.
Definitely put it on the to do list. The open till late.



Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk


