Thread Title: Katie - Fortitude Valley - 0415 241 763
Floor: #1
Post Time: 14th December 2017, 07:25 PM
Poster ID: Kontempt
Post Title: 
 Katie - Fortitude Valley - 0415 241 763
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Katie

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit :  5/12/17

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :  http://brisbane.locanto.com.au/ID_17...y-Massage.html

Hours of Business : Not listed, I went early afternoon.

Rates :  150 /  hr - cum twice.

Age : Says 25, i don't know about that, maybe 30

Size/shape : Size is correct. Large breasts Pictures are accurate

Nationality or Ethnicity : Unsure, forgot to ask. Is Asian though

Services Provided : Rub n tug.

Value for money/recommend? : Yes and yes.

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

Booking as extremely easy (even got a preview photo!) and very easy to find. It's near the valley train station located in a set of apartments. I took the lift up and knocked on the door. The door opens with her hiding behind it. I was a  little worried but in we went and prayed I wasn't about to get belted from behind the door. As i stride in, i  look behind the door and was happily surprised by her standing there in some very sexy lingerie with all the goods on show. She showed me off to the bathroom where I showered on my own (her ad mentioned showering with me - but that's ok) Onto the massage side of things, she gets started by walking up and down my back.  Once done, she got the baby oil out. The massage itself was okay, not the best but was getting into the muscles and felt relaxing. About 15-20minutes in she grabs a hand full of my junk and starts playing around. Eventually asking me to flip over. She goes to work and I let out an almighty mess. She cleans me and her up and then flips me back over and starts massaging again.  Massage continued as per before, nothing amazing but was satisfactory. It starts getting close to the hour and flipped over again.  Sadly for me, I wasn't ready to go again just yet. That didn't stop her. She was determined to get me hard again and make me cum twice.   She tried all sorts of different things with her hand to get the job done. Jumped back in the shower (alone again) and left with a smile on my face.

Would I go back? Yeah maybe, the price was  good and the service was enjoyable. I would recommend and hear what others have to say about the experience.


