Thread Title: Kileey - Shailer Park - 0432 834 461
Floor: #1
Post Time: 9th June 2018, 10:21 PM
Poster ID: cjh
Post Title: 
 Kileey - Shailer Park - 0432 834 461
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Kilee

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : May 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://brisbane.locanto.com.au/ID_2...sie-woman.html

Hours of Business : 8.30  - 4 M,W,T,F

Rates : $80 / 30min

Age : Mid 40s

Size/shape : Slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : R & T

Value for money/recommend? : Yes / Yes

My experience/comments : Finally on the third attempt we managed to make a time. Previous attempt failures were due to scheduling issues, not her fault. Kileey always responds promptly & politely to messages. Made time & was given street, with usual requirement to re contact for street number.  Arrive & am let in by a pleasant looking slim mid 40s lady. After a quick hello was led upstairs to the well equipped dedicated massage room. After sorting the funds we both stripped off & onto the table.
The first nice touch was the nicely warmed professional quality massage oil. The second was the decent quality massage. This lady has strong hands if you like a firm massage. Usual neck, shoulders & back to start with, but as soon as half way down the back the tackle tickle started, and what great tickle it was. To be honest I could easily have shot just from her incredibly skillfull TT and gentle butt play. 
On the flip got to enjoy the nice view she is quite slim & well toned, except for her very soft boobs.  Into the ending & it was great, she certainly has magic fingers.  I must add that all during the massage there were amazing gentle light kisses all over my body. It felt fantastic.
Kileey encourage wander hands and seems to enjoy a gentle rub, but no penetration.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 10th June 2018, 07:26 PM
Poster ID: sleazyryder
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Claiming on Loco to be 35yo more like the other side of a half century. But still a nice find. The area is a bit rough and there are many PML's to choose from around Loganholme. Thanks for the review. 

Sleazy


Floor: #3
Post Time: 1st September 2018, 08:33 AM
Poster ID: wingmanstinson
Post Title: 
 Kileey - Shailer Park
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Kileey

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : Friday

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : as above

Phone : as above

Hours of Business : 9-4 Weekdays 

Rates : 120 per hour plus 40 for Front Body Slide

Age : 40's

Size/shape : Size 10 but well put together, nice ass and nice Natural D cups

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : Sensual Massage with relief

Value for money/recommend? : YES YES

My experience/comments : 

Having read the above review, I thought it was time for me to try out some new fare and at such a generous price point if it was a dud I could call it a day and wouldn't be too disappointed as I am fucking an ex-gf tonight anyway 

Regrettably Kileey doesn't work weekends but as luck would have it, I had the day off so it didn't matter and I managed to make an appointment to see her.

One thing I will say is for those that aren't keen on the standard body slide, don't worry, because it definitely wasn't 

I paid for the Gold service and upgraded to the front body slide and wasn't I glad I did that.

From the very start, she asked me how I liked my massage and I told her nice and soft and that's exactly what I got. 

The sensuality that this lady has managed to create with her hands and body, I really don't think i've seen before - Natali in Milton tries and it probably feels more intimate but she only does it for a quarter of an hour but Kileey was on par for the whole session so by the end it definitely didn't feel like a rub with a tug at the end. It was oh so much better.

Kileey uses every part of her body on almost every part of your body, she had this weird licking action where she would use her tongue but instead of being full on the tongue doesn't completely leave her mouth so it was soft and subtle but still had an amazing effect.

On the turn over, it's more of the same but the positions she puts herself are even nicer. I'm fairly sure with her standing over me with a boob in my mouth and her hand stroking my dick I was in total nirvana however she had more tricks to come. 

Her front body slide was more of a simulated fucking session and her tug was ended by pussy lips sitting extremely to your cock before it was all over.

My only criticism with her and its not criticism per se but more advice for my fellow punting man - she uses a lot of oil and it's oil that you can't quite get it off in the shower at hers as there is just simply not enough time - so if you do plan on seeing this lassie I would suggest either going to the pool or the beach straight after or coming home and having a shower straight up.

Gents she is a gem!

Enjoy 

WMS


