Thread Title: Kim - Currumbin Waters - 0415 922 119
Floor: #1
Post Time: 8th June 2012, 10:16 PM
Poster ID: gccomputerguy
Post Title: 
 Kim - Currumbin Waters - 0415 922 119
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Kim

Establishment : Currumbin Waters
Date of Visit : 30/5/12

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0415922119

Hours of Business : 9am - 2pm

Rates : $80 - 30 mins

Age : 36

Size/shape : Size 8, DD Tits

Nationality or Ethnicity : Slight Pommy accent

Services Provided : RnT & Body Slide

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments :
Have been getting sick of the ordinary service at the Asian RnT joints, so decided to shout myself a private lady.
Kim is very friendly on the phone and I soon made a booking with her. She doesn't take bookings in advance, you have to ring her on the day.
Arrived at the location, private house. Immediately felt at ease with Kim, she is very friendly. Offered me a shower prior to the massage, which is great considering I usually visit after work and she explained how everything worked. I layed down on a proper massage table and she comes in nude from the start. Oiled me up and herself. Got to watch in the mirror rub oil all over herself which was a great turn on. After about 10mins of massage she gives me a body slide for 10mins.... no that's the shit!!! Then she gets me to turn over and starts a fantastic tug. She asks what I like and I tell her. Mutual touching is included in the price, and I get to run my hands all over her fantastic body. She seems to like her job and get a bit turned on, she starts playing with her own nipples. I cant hold on and blow, in what seems too short a time. She cleans up while I jump in the shower. Extras are available such as cum on tits, I will ask for that next time. Blow jobs are off the menu.  Friendly girl.... I'll be back!


Floor: #2
Post Time: 10th June 2012, 10:11 AM
Poster ID: RJones
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
great review! I'm kinda sick of the asian RnT places too.. so this is just what we need!


Floor: #3
Post Time: 14th June 2012, 07:18 PM
Poster ID: Qwerty
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Great review gccomputerguy, just a couple of questions, 

does she allow kissing? and how is her face looks wise? cheers!


Floor: #4
Post Time: 16th June 2012, 10:43 AM
Poster ID: rabbit13
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Decide to give Kim a try yesterday. After ringing you are giving directions to the general area then have to ring again to get the address. Kim operates out of a private house and is not too hard to find. On arrival there is an offer of a shower which I took up. Back to the massage room Kim explains the service offered, a sensual massage with body slide, touching allowed. Kim uses a non-oliy mixture to massage with. The session started with Kim disrobing and oiling herself with this concoction. She has a good body (with a fair bit of body art) so this visual experience is a good way to start. The massage begins with a soft back and legs massage keeping well away from the tackle (which was a little dissapointing). More oiling up before the body sliding starts, Kim give the arse a good going over with her tits and throws in a couple of full body slides, still keeping away from the tackle area. Given the turnaround command, little Rabbit still not overly excited. As Kim allows touching including her shaven pussy, the tug is good. there is also the offer of another shower on finishing.On my tug scale of good to bad it probably falls somewhere in the middle. Given the $80 price tag, this is pretty good value as the average Asian R&T charges $60 the extra for a fully clothed pull, you could do much worse than making a booking with Kim.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 16th June 2012, 11:28 PM
Poster ID: gccomputerguy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Qwerty, 
Dunno about kissing, that isn't my sort of thing. Face on a scale of 1 -10 would be a 7 I suppose.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 31st July 2012, 08:30 PM
Poster ID: showser
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I Rang Kim yesterday, I wanted a booking for 13:00 but she was just going out but told me to make my way to Currumbin and call her at around 13:00.

I drove there from Helensvale and rang, straight to answer phone asking me to leave my details and she will call back, I did so and waited 30 mins before trying again to no avail.   Waited a further 15 mins then pulled plug.

A tad pissed off as I had drove all that way as per her instructions.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 28th April 2014, 06:15 PM
Poster ID: wingmanstinson
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Kim

Establishment : Private House in Currumbin Valley (Near end of Currumbin Creek Road)

Date of Visit : Monday 28 April 2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 5533 0292 - advertises in the bulletin from time to time. 

Hours of Business : Weekdays when advertising 9am - 6 usually

Rates : 80 / half hour

Age : late 30's (didn't actually ask though)

Size/shape : Size 8 - 10, D cups (claims real but could also be enhanced but not sure)

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie 

Services Provided : Nude RNT with Bodyslides

Value for money/recommend? : Yes / Yes

My experience/comments : 

So after seeing two reviews on here from 2012, Kim sounded like a nice lady but having gone through a rough patch during my studies, I know what 2 years can do to your body and features in general, so I admittedly had to take both reviews with a grain of salt. I had seen Kim advertise quite consistently for a while but having never had a day off during the week, our availability always clashed. Quite tired after a big day at the soccer yesterday up in Brisbane I thought a punt would be a nice way to relax. Lo and Behold Kim was once again advertising in the local Bullie so I thought I might as well give her a shot. 

For anyone that's called Kim before and has shown some intent in making a booking, Kim will ask you where you're calling from. This is because Kim is actually at the very end of Currumbin Valley, to put it bluntly My Odomoter had read as travelling 18 kilometres from the exit of the highway in Currumbin all the way to Kim's house in the valley, so for those that don't like driving long trips especially fairly windy and narrow roads (not crazily narrow but nothing I'd drive at night) a trip to Kim is best left out of the Bucket List. 

After exiting the highway, Kim gets you to call and gives her house number. As mentioned previously the next part entails quite a long drive through the valley. At least the scenery is quite nice. 

After finally finding Kim's house, I drive onto the driveway and then park my car on the lawn at the bottom. Kim meets me wearing in normal clothes and welcomes me to the valley. From the get go Kim is quite welcoming and she is as described, nice enough face (for those that have seen Ali in currumbin, she would blow Ali out of the water) lots of tattoos, A busty chest with D cups that may or may not be enhanced, and a very nice firm ass 

I get undressed and then its onto the table, with a nice but not excellent massage, but then Kim starts her body slides which were quite nice and then soon enough I was on my back with my Cock in her hands and her breasts in mine. Kim is well versed in the Tug and she certainly didn't disappoint. Whilst on my back, Kim asks if I smoke to which I replied in the negative, I thought kissing was on the cards but alas she was telling me that she doesn't like Nicoteine fingers, but with my negative assertion she popped her leg on the table and allowed my two fingers to enter her warm crevasse. 

Soon enough it was all over as I simply couldn't hold my load. Kim then helped me to a shower, and I was soon on my way. 

Whilst  I think I will be back, the drive home was quite a long drive so, Kim will be one of my rare treats.  

Enjoy


Floor: #8
Post Time: 26th May 2014, 11:47 PM
Poster ID: gccomputerguy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Nice to know she is still around. My have to have a revisit.
I figured that ad in the Bully was her with the land line. Mobiles don't work too well out in the sticks.


