Thread Title: Kiwi Rebecca - Spring Hill - 0450 408 793
Floor: #1
Post Time: 26th October 2018, 10:15 AM
Poster ID: bbejat
Post Title: 
 Kiwi Rebecca - Spring Hill - 0450 408 793
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Kiwi Rebecca


Establishment: Private - Spring Hill


Date of Visit: 14/9/18


Contact Details/Address/Weblink: https://www.escortsandbabes.com.au/P...ent/Tomkitten/



Phone : 0450408793


Hours of Business: Day time


Rates:$100/30 min


Age:21 - 25


Size/shape:Slim, very fit, enhanced boobs


Nationality or Ethnicity: Caucasian Kiwi


Services Provided: Body Rub


Value for money/recommend?: Yes, yes and yes. 


My experience/comments:


Was feeling bit toey on that particular day and I had a meeting in the city, thought it would be a good chance to do a quick stop by as I've been eyeing her E&B ads for a while. Contact was nice and easy, she was very quick with her replies, everything was laid out very direct with no possible misunderstanding at all. Took a half hour booking.


Arrived at her apartment. It's simple, but it does the job. Bit awkward as you do have to walk pass through the reception to use the elevator. I opted to take the three flight of stairs up from the lobby's side.


Quick knock on her door, and my god, is she attractive. We got to chatting and she put me right at ease. No non-sense kinda girl. We had a bit of a laugh at a bunch of things, at one point we had to be like 'okay, let's get serious, it's business time'. Start massaging the back, then the front. Nice body rub. Unlike most provider, she allowed all touch access (YMMV), which was excellent. Her boobs are enhanced, so a tad hard on the touch, but nevertheless, everything else makes up for it. Did I mention how attractive she was?


Just before the finale, she did a 69 position to give you the best view in town, while she kept on working Johnny away. If that doesn't finish you off, I don't know what will. Quick check at the clock and we were pretty close to the 30 minute mark. Hopped in the shower then off I went.


The whole session was very enjoyable, quite relaxing and she come across as being a very genuine girl. 


TL;DR. If you like RnT, stop reading now and do yourself a favor, go see Rebecca.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 27th May 2019, 02:31 PM
Poster ID: Techno
Post Title: 
 Kiwi Rebecca Spring Hill Brisbane
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name :  Rebecca

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit :  Numerous times - last time in April 

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.escortsandbabes.com.au/P...ent/Tomkitten/

Phone : 0450408793

Hours of Business : Varies but usual 10-6 weekdays

Rates : 100 - 230

Age : Late 20s

Size/shape : Slim, toned, enlarged boobs

Nationality or Ethnicity : Kiwi

Services Provided : Plenty 

Value for money/recommend? :  YES

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

I have visited Rebecca on numerous occasions and have enjoyed every visit, her place is a hotel room in Spring Hill and is discreet.  She is a fun kiwi with a good sense of humour and we always have a good chat whilst she does the massage.  She always uses plenty of oil and body slides for the massage.

Always gives a good BJ and is open to extras in discussion - never rushed and always leave feeling I had value for my money - understand she is friendly but not GF level friendly and that's fine by me. 

Will be back soon!


