Thread Title: Klarisa Leone - Brisbane CBD - 0406 742 462
Floor: #1
Post Time: 31st December 2014, 09:56 AM
Poster ID: tecni
Post Title: 
 Klarisa Leone - Brisbane CBD - 0406 742 462
				
Post Content: 
Persons name: Klarisa Leone

Establishment: Private (hotel CBD)

Date of visit: 09/10/2014

Contact Details:0406 742 462

Hours of business: Ring 

Rates: $1050hr (incl extras)

Age: mid to late 20's

Size/Shape: size 10 with DD's

Nationality or ethnicity: caucasian

Services Provided: Full PSE / Anal

Value for money/Recommended: If you can afford it- recommended

My experience/comments :

My preference these days is filming a session- so pornstars are obviously at the top of the list. Saw Klarisa was visiting Brisbane and initially contacted via email. Her rate is $850 per hour which is expensive but filming is only an extra $200- so overall good value in comparison to what others charge for similar.

The rest of the meeting time and place set up via text- no dramas, very prompt to reply. In person Klarisa's english isn't perfect but good enough. She's very down to earth, lots of fun, great attitude.

Meeting itself - Klarisa is in excellent shape, massive DD breasts, tiny waist, awesome butt, nice deep tanned skin. She looks great on camera.  Started with DATY then she did some oral on me for a while, then had her lie down and did first cum shot on her breasts. Quick clean up and back to more oral on me, moved on to doggy style next and included anal. She would be absolutely one of the best anal sessions  I've had- just a great angle for her body. Moved on to kneeling head/hand job that went nearly 10 minutes and had a very intense COF finish. 

Overall great experience - if filming is your thing, I'd highly recommend her. Only downside is the particular hotel was a bit too exposed to leave the windows open, so lighting wasn't as good as it could be. If filming isn't your thing then there are probably better ways to spend that amount of money but she wouldn't leave you disappointed.


