Thread Title: Kristen - Caloundra - Locanto reply only
Floor: #1
Post Time: 10th July 2014, 08:38 AM
Poster ID: Armitage Shanks
Post Title: 
 Kristen - Caloundra - Locanto reply only
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Kristen

Establishment : Private house

Date of Visit : 8 July 2014. 5pm

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Mature Lady available for a sensual massage, Caloundra

Hours of Business : Varies

Rates : $50/hour, incl HE

Age : 51 (as advertised)

Size/shape : Nice body for her age. Fuller figure, but not BBW. DD cup (approx)

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie/Caucasian

Services Provided : Massage with HE

Value for money/recommend? : Yep, if you don't mind the age 


My experience/comments : First up, you'll need to use the Locanto mail system to contact her. This was no problem for me. I have seen her ad a few times before, which has said Caboolture in the past, and contacted her, but the times did not suit. 

I was in her area (now Caloundra) and after several messages to and fro, confirmed the location, price and time.

Parked around the corner, and walked to the house, which was neat and tidy, and the entrance is quite exposed. Knocked on the sliding door, and was let in after a moment.
Very friendly on greeting, a little chit chat. She certainly looks her age, though not unattractive. She is much older than me, but if I were in my 50's, I'd say she was a hottie 

She was dressed rather nicely, a low cut button up top, designed to show off a hint of nice cleavage. Tight pants, and Ugg boots.

Led me to a spare bedroom with massage table, was very warm with heater on. Pleasant.
I gave her $50 + 10 extra, which she thanked me for and she told me to get undressed and on the table.

The massage was soft, which was not bad. She did not ask my preference.
Very thorough and relaxing. She certainly knows what to do. Oil was warm, with no scent.

Turned over, and the same treatment again.
No tackle tickle or brushing, front or back.
The whole massage was legit, and I had not even got a semi, before she popped the question.
"Would you like anything else?"
"Yes please", I said.

A dribble of the warm oil on my cock got the blood pumping.
She had a nice technique, but bit of a pity there was not much light teasing. 
A full twisting hand, at a slow pace, right up and down my shaft felt great, as her other hand rubbed my chest, and tweaked my nipples occasionally.

I was looking at her and put a hand on her arse, which she gyrated against slightly. 
She told me to pop a button or two on her top, which I did, exposing a gorgeous set, in a black bra.
Eventually, I had both of her amazing, big, firm tits out of her bra, and she moaned slightly as I squeezed them and tweaked her perfect nipples.

She leant in to put one in my mouth, which I devoured, as she moaned more, still gyrating against my hand on her behind.

This had me over the line, and trembling a little, as I blew over her hand and my chest.
She continued to stroke me softly for a minute or two, as my tongue still flicked her nipple, then a warm clean up.

She thanked me as much as I thanked her. She genuinely seemed to be horny, and enjoy it as much as I did. On that note, I will probably visit again, and see if more is on offer 

Was out of there right on the hour.
Unbeatable VFM, if you appreciate a mature Aussie gal.


Cheers,
AS


Floor: #2
Post Time: 10th July 2014, 09:02 AM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Here's the ad. Email contact only.





			
				 Mature Lady available for a sensual massage - 51

Mature Lady available this w/end and some w/days and nights for a low priced massage in my heated home studio in caloundra. I only use this email system, and I do not use the phone for this service. Email for any additional imfo or booking..


Floor: #3
Post Time: 10th July 2014, 10:18 AM
Poster ID: wingmanstinson
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Great review mate, nice to see someone contributing to the barren land formally known as the Sunshine Coast. 

When petrol gets cheaper, it might even be worth doing the drive from coast to coast just to see this fine specimen.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 11th July 2014, 06:32 AM
Poster ID: Armitage Shanks
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks 
Hoping to get the ball rolling. Seems to be a bit of a black hole, in regards to reviews on here.
There is potential though!


Floor: #5
Post Time: 11th July 2014, 03:35 PM
Poster ID: wingmanstinson
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Yes it seems like a very big hole, but that said there definitely has to be a few girls working there permanently and some touring as well, it's just a case of spreading the awareness around. I tell you what if it didn't cost me a full tank of fuel in my old car, i would definitely have gone for a drive, maybe after the tax return is received in my bank account hehe.


