Thread Title: Lani - Mudgeeraba - 0420 628 981
Floor: #1
Post Time: 14th January 2017, 09:20 AM
Poster ID: wingmanstinson
Post Title: 
 Lani - Mudgeeraba - 0420 628 981
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lani

Establishment : Private home in Mudgeeraba

Date of Visit : 27/12/2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : http://goldcoast.locanto.com.au/ID_1...n-all-Men.html 

Hours of Business : See Ad

Rates : $180/hr

Age : Probably 30 or very early 30's

Size/shape : 8-10 with D Cups, good height

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : RNT

Value for money/recommend? : Probably a little expensive but definitely recommended

My experience/comments : 

Gents - It's definitely been a while between drinks and after getting through all the Christmas Miracles work needed me to provide it was finally time for some rnr. Now I had seen Lani's ad for a good while now and unfortunately never have the time available to see her as she generally works during office hours and Saturday is just a bit too hard to get out of bed sometimes.

Lani's phone manner was impeccable and booking a time with her was rather easy. The full address was provided upon confirmation of the booking and it was on the way to Lani's place albeit with a slight hiccup thanks to public holiday traffic!

Lani is genuinely HOT - she is a brunette with a succulent body and when she invited me in I was very happy to have met her. Lani greeted me in a tshirt and shirts and asked me whether I wanted a shower.

After getting out of the shower Lani comes back wearing a robe which she quickly proceeds to take off revealing a lovely lace bra and thong. The only downside of her session is that the Thong stays on but the bra reveals the nicest natural d cups i have seen on a girl that is rather fit. 

For those that want a solid massage - it is rather clear that Lani is well versed in the art of a therapeutic massage and although it probably wasn't my cup of tea (as I am a fan of the soft and sensual touch) I could at least appreciate that this was no mere rub and tug for Lani.

Eventually Lani moved her breasts across my back and did this thing where she did her body slide on the back but from a reverse position.

Come the turn over and Lani slowly built me up whilst I got to fondle her magnificent ass and titties. 

Before too long I erupted like a fire hydrant and I was a happy man.

I will go back to see Lani however I hate the fact that us Gold Coasters are paying a premium for something that appears to much much cheaper in the southern states. But that is a rant for another time. 

Happy punting lads.

WMS


