Thread Title: Leanna - Broadbeach - 0421 511 651
Floor: #1
Post Time: 24th April 2012, 12:30 PM
Poster ID: Qwerty
Post Title: 
 Leanna - Broadbeach - 0421 511 651
				
Post Content: 
[COLOR=#FF0000]Time seen: 24/04/12 

Person's Name: Leanna

Establishment: Private Massage/Escort

Contact Details/Address: [/COLOR]http://www.goldcoastescorts.com.au/escorts/Leanna.html

0421 511 651


[COLOR=#FF0000] 
Hours of Business: 8am - 6pm

Prices: $100 for 30 mins Adult relaxation

Age: Late 30's

Size/shape: Cute face just like photos but body was a bit more voluptuous then expected 

Nationality or Ethnicity: Aussie

Services: Massage, DITY, RnT, French Kissing

Value for money/recommend?: Wont be back anytime soon as it is more on the expensive side, but the service was fun and enjoyable

My experience/comments: (Here you must give at least a  general description of the experience which you have had - 25 word  minimum is required to give fellow members an idea of time spent - "Ill  be back" or "good value" is not a sentence or review. )[/COLOR]

Ok, saw her ad on GC escorts and decided to give her a try as the photos she looked like a pretty hot milf and kinky for whateva.  Gave her a call she said she allows all kissing etc even with adult relaxation so I make my way to her apartment in Broadbeach across the road from Pac Fair.

Called her for room number, went to her door and she opened and I was like yeah looks like the photo, but noticed she was a bit more curvy then the photos but I thought fuck it she was very welcoming.

Started with oil massage, very therapeutic, warm oil and also she wiped it off with a towel and also gave nice head massage.  Once she wiped me off, she told me to move to the bedroom for the play, I was thinking damn man this is different! She washed the oil from her hands and stripped off, climbed on top of me and proceeded to kiss me sensually, whilst caressing my cock, kissed me on my chest and proceeded to head down and I thought I was going to get my dick sucked but she didnt, (tease!)

Asked her to lie back on the bed and proceeded to suck her fake titties and headed down to her pussy, wasnt wet at first but she was juiced up after I finished, went back and got her to lick the juice off my face. She got some lube and proceeded to wank me off while our tongues played with each other. As I was about to cum she was like where do u want to come (I should of said face but I was like where do u want me to cum lol) and she said cum on my titties, got her to spit on my cock and then blew my stress relief on her big ass tits!

Took a shower and was on my way, the session was very enjoyable plus a few knots taken out but damn it was a kinky session.  For me it is a bit pricey as I am used to Chevron prices but shit, some of use pay an extra $50 to get their clothes off, might as well give this bird a shot! Plus if u a bit over the asian scene then Leanna is a good alternative

Enjoy


