Thread Title: Leesa, Mature Asian -  Chermside - 0470 713 105
Floor: #1
Post Time: 15th March 2015, 01:03 PM
Poster ID: mick55
Post Title: 
 Leesa, Mature Asian -  Chermside - 0470 713 105
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Leesa.

Establishment :  Private house.

Date of Visit : 12/03/15

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0470713105

Hours of Business :  9:00. -  10:00

Rates :  50 +

Age :  50

Size/shape :  12. 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian

Services Provided : Massage 

Value for money/recommend? : Excellent. Would recommend.

My experience/comments : 

With some misgivings about the age of a mature Asian who advertised as mature I called the number from the cm.
Pleasant voice, average english . 

Massage service provided was reasonable both in quality and price, offered choice of hj or cbj. . Lady was mature , pleasant conversation and easy on the eyes. Rating out of 10, possibly a 6.

Would i go again ? Yes, if only to find out the possibility of more extras at such a reasonable rate.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 15th March 2015, 01:22 PM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Please would you post the weblink to Leesa's ad mick55.

Thank you.

fartichoke.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 16th March 2015, 11:59 AM
Poster ID: mick55
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Sorry but I am not savvy enough to post links..ad is regularly in the courier mail under mature asian at chermside.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 16th March 2015, 12:11 PM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by mick55


Sorry but I am not savvy enough to post links..ad is regularly in the courier mail under mature asian at chermside
"""



Copy the ad (select the words in the ad and copy) then paste it into a reply.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 3rd April 2015, 12:21 PM
Poster ID: Toomuchtime
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lisa/Leesa

Establishment : Private house in Chermside

Date of Visit : 31/3/2015

Contact Details/Address : 0470 713 105

Hours of Business : Unknown

Rates : $60 for half an hour

Age : Maybe 50

Size/shape : Average

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian 

Services Provided : Nude massage,blow job and tug

Value for money/recommend? : Reasonable

This lady advertises in the Exotic Relaxation section of the Courier Mail as mature and at least she's honest about her age,unlike most of them.Her accent makes it very hard to understand her at times and she had to text me her address because I simply couldn't make out what she was saying.I made a booking for 11am and at 11.01 as I was parking out front she sent me a text asking if I was coming.I was greeted with a hug like an old friend and then shown to a bedroom which had both a massage table and bed.She started to prepare the table but I told her that I preferred the bed and that was accepted.As I handed over my $60 she said I could have oral for an extra $10 but I declined.
I lay on the bed and received about 5 minutes of pushing on my back and legs,which I quickly ended by turning over.As her attention turned to my dick,she took a phone call from a bloke who also couldn't understand her so I had to end up giving him the address.To my displeasure,she then told him to come at 11.30 which indicated to me that I wouldn't be getting a full half hour.After ending the call she produced a condom and gave me an excellent blow job (so much for having to pay $10 extra for it!) but unfortunately this only lasted a few minutes and she then reverted to hand relief.I think she may have just thrown in the blow job in order to get me out the door quickly in time for the 11.30 bloke because her tugging was fast,furious and very painful-afterwards I discovered that she actually managed to tear the skin just under the head of my dick.
On several occasions I took matters in to my own hands just to relieve the pain but eventually she got me over the line without the need for an ambulance.A knock on the front door meant I was rushed out the back door and I was on my way.
Quite a pleasant lady who gives a very good blow job but is a bit of a time bandit.Still,for $60 you can't really go wrong especially if you like mature asians.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 13th May 2015, 03:08 AM
Poster ID: lonelypunter
Post Title: 
 Lisa, Asian mature - Chermside - 0470 713 105
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Lisa
Establishment (if applicable): Private House
Contact Details/Address:  0470 713 105
Hours of Business: she starts earlier than 10am until 6 pm 
Prices: $60 hald hour massage/ 100 massage &FS for 1 hr
Age: 50s
Size/shape: size 12
Nationality or Ethnicity: China
Services: Massage & FS
Value for money/recommend?: No
My experience/comments:

I have been travelling lately and was in the sunshine state. 
It all started with a simple purchase of the Brisbane Courier mail … started looking at the sports pages and soon found myself in the classified section. There it began ….. looking at all those adverts.

Her ad says 



			
				Chermside GFE by Mature Lady 0470 713 105
			
		

Called her and the appointment was set. Now I was not driving in Brisbane so I got a taxi from the city to Chermside. While the taxi driver tried to make a convo about my journey I avoided about my punt telling I am meeting a friend.  

Finally arrived at a old house,  Lisa was happy to see me…. She was pretty plain but I thought what the heck I am here , the taxi has gone , my dick is up as an independent candidate so let me get to business.  Gave her $100 as previously discussed over the phone for a FS. She told me oh not to worry you can stay after and I will call you a taxi. So I believed her. 

Shower was offered so went to an oldish bathroom, bit messy though. 

There was a bed and a massage table in the room. She told me to lay on the massage table. I thought at least I will get a good massage. Looking at the bathroom was not wet including a few hints I had a feeling I was her only customer that day when I visited late arvo. So she was really happy to receive the $100 and the massage started with a lot of enthusiasm, she had her cloths on,

I didn’t wanna push it at that stage because she was not really what I expected. I believe she noticed my dick was getting harder and said “ ok I will give you fuck later… let me massage you”  anyway what started as a decent massage soon went into just rubbing my skin so roughly when she had a few calls from punters. 

Suddenly she takes off her cloths, and says u wanna fuck me…. At this stage I have fully realised the GFE experience has gone out of the window. It’s all about wham bam thank you mam.

So I though I got down to the business… didn’t like her body odour. No perfume at all.

Anyway she said I am too big so she was holding me away from pounding hard which put me off further. Now in the meantime she got another call from a punter and sounded like he was on his way already. Because she told him to visit her now. Right now I am thinking about my stupidity of not taking other punters warnings about this lady in the forum. 

Although I had another 15 minutes I thought of taking matter into my hand and she offered to suck so she could push me out of the door. I thought this is going to be a BBBJ but NO. It was a CBJ, the suck was ok but by this time I was totally put off by her so was not enjoying. Finally I wanked & blew my load off. 

Now at this time she had another call and I could hear her say “ oh you are already here” then the doorbell rang after a couple of minutes she pretty much pushed me to the bath… oh darling other customer is here….i had a quick shower then she pretty much pushed me out the door like a bouncer and said oh you can go to the road and call a taxi.

I came outside the house and realised it was a suburban area so carried my bags and walked till I found a local business landmark to call a taxi. 

Now that was the worst ever punt I had in my life, I don’t know who she got to write her ad but she is not even close to a GFE.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 13th May 2015, 06:51 AM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by lonelypunter


Person's Name: Lisa
Establishment (if applicable): Private House
Contact Details/Address:  0470 713 105
.
.
Now that was the worst ever punt I had in my life, I don’t know who she got to write her ad but she is not even close to a GFE
"""



Thank you for sharing this woeful experience lonelypunter.

Good review.


