Thread Title: Lilly - Varsity Lakes (Gold Coast) - 0451 969 491
Floor: #1
Post Time: 18th June 2014, 01:06 PM
Poster ID: caybee
Post Title: 
 Lilly - Varsity Lakes (Gold Coast) - 0451 969 491
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lily.

Establishment : Private.

Date of Visit : 11. 06. 2014. 

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Ph: 0451969491..... Add in Bulletin reads:-Full Body Oriental Relaxing Massage Mon-Sat. No PVT. No's Call0451969491.

Hours of Business : 9 till ?

Rates : $50:00 half hr. $90:00 1 hr. 

Age : Late 30's maybe early 40's. 

Size/shape : Thickish, size 8, 'c' cups (quite firm)

Nationality or Ethnicity : I think Thai,(didn't ask)

Services Provided : Massage HE. (Included) 

Value for money/recommend? : No/No.

My experience/comments :-

Returned back from my trip away in need of a relaxing interlude. So, after a few days rest to get my body clock and mind functioning properly I headed out with one thought on my mind. Went for my usual warm up with Nucy, then off to get the the real object of my punt seen to. Now, before I left on my trip I had visited a massage shop in West Burleigh. I wrote a report on that visit in which I said I would probably re-visit on my return. I now wish I had . As it turned out I saw an add in the Bulletin which I had seen quite a few times previously and had made a mental note to give her a try when the opportunity presented itself. I hadn't seen the add for about 3 weeks to a month before I went away, so I thought she might have stopped working or moved on and I had missed my chance. Anyway instead of going to the Burleigh shop (my intended) on impulse I rang Lily and secured an appointment. The street she is in is easy enough to find but unit block she works out of is on the top of a hill on a corner and the building name and number are on a wall around a second corner. It's a one way street so you are past it before you have a chance of seeing it. Eventually found the right place (after a few phone calls) and went in. When she answered the door my first thought was oh-no, I have seen this ML before(she worked out of a house in Rio Vista Bvld Mermaid Waters) and she was one I never intended re-visiting; she confirmed this by saying "I have seen you before in my other place, it was about 3 years ago". Anyhoo I couldn't back out as all the mucking around getting there ( traffic) then trying to locate her building had severely eaten into my time. Now, onto the massage. I really can't call it a massage as it was more just rubbing my back and buttocks. This went on for about 5mins she then moved to my legs for about 1min then onto the tackle, vigorously rub/tickle/tugging, she turned me over and continued with the work on the equipment. As it had been so long between punts this was having a profound effect on me (not that her style/technique was anything to rave, or write home about: it wasn't. It was just the build up of taddys in the sack.) At this stage I tried to stop her or at least slow her down so I could prolong the session. She kept pushing me down saying "You lay down" (I was trying to sit up to stop her and telling her to stop for a bit) she kept vigorously tugging on the meat till the inevitable happened and I filled her hand with a months worth of pent up frustration.
All up the whole session lasted only 20 mins, so I feel I was ripped off on both time and service. This is pretty much what happened to me when I visited her in Mermaid Waters. Which is why I had wiped her.
I don't know if any punters have had similar or better encounters with this lady...I would be interesting to know. I did a search on here for other reviews on her but came up with a blank.
Would I return?.........That's a definite no,no,no....Her whole aim seems to be to get you in, get you off and get you out as soon as is possible.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 19th June 2014, 02:37 PM
Poster ID: Armitage Shanks
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Sounds disappointing, though given the low all-inclusive price, I'm not surprised about the rush job.
Am keen to try, but might rub one out beforehand


Floor: #3
Post Time: 22nd June 2014, 12:35 PM
Poster ID: caybee
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hi AS. I would probably agree with the reasoning that the time rip off could be because of the price. She has had this price structure for at least the last 3 years that I know of. Probably longer as I saw a ML at the Rio Vista address about 8-10 years ago and was charged the same. I'm pretty sure it was the same lady but not 100% sure (maybe 95%.) The service then was a lot better than it is now. I suppose she was a lot younger then and less jaded; and so was I.  Anyway good luck if you do decide to give her try, I certainly hope your experience is better than mine....HaHa. maybe your solution   might just be the answer...


