Thread Title: Linda,Exotic asian - Burleigh Heads - 0458 026 288
Floor: #1
Post Time: 5th February 2016, 01:01 PM
Poster ID: Afternoonsun
Post Title: 
 Linda,Exotic asian - Burleigh Heads - 0458 026 288
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Hmmm I didn't find out - advertises as 'exotic (asian) in Burleigh heads'

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 05/02/16

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : http://qld.locanto.com.au/ID_4136266...egh-Heads.html 0458 026 288

Hours of Business : call to find out

Rates : $60 nude massage; $110 Full service 30 mins; $200 FS 60 mins

Age : says 34 but more like 40

Size/shape : tall, slim, C cup with big pink nipples.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese ( i think)

Services Provided : tit suck, body slide, HJ, BJ ($20 extra)

Value for money/recommend? : yes/maybe

My experience/comments : I saw this ad today, decided at $60 it was good value for a nude massage.  It was easy to arrange, I rocked up to a very quiet residential street but easy parking (just hope there were no prying neighbours watching a succession of guys turn up to her house).

She opened the door looking amazing, dressed in lingerie with her tits looking very big.  She showed me to a room with a bed in it - her house was  very clean and tidy.  I undressed and lay down on my front.  She came in, and quickly got naked.  I turned round to admire the view and she said that I could touch.  I turned over and touched her tits (which looked great, C/D cups with long pink nipples with large areola - as in her ad), and she was very happy for her to suck them.  She straddled me with her tits in my face, and I enjoyed sucking and playing with her tits for a while.  She rubbed her body up and down mine, and used her feet to play with my balls.  She then stood up and I touched her wet pussy as she started to give me a slow HJ.  Now there was very little conversation, she wasn't a talker at all which I felt was a bit of a turn off personally but may be fine for others. 

She continued to speed up with her HJ which felt pretty good but I didn't feel much of a connection with her, it felt like she was a bit zoned out of the experience.  Anyway I asked if she could do a BJ, she was happy to do this for $20 which I happily agreed.  She gave me a great CBJ, at one point manoeuvring her body so I could touch her tits and pussy while she sucked away.  Before long I came and she cleaned me up, she spent time in the bathroom also cleaning herself up - she is certainly hygienic.

So total was $80 for a bodyslide, a ton of touching, a nude HJ and BJ so great value for money.  There was no massage but I'm sure I had asked for one she would have given one, but I was quite happy with what I got.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 16th February 2016, 03:27 PM
Poster ID: HornyHoratio
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Linda

Establishment : Private House in very quiet residential street, behind Stocklands shopping centre, (west) Burleigh Heads

Date of Visit : Thurs 11/02/16

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0458 026 288  Call, she doesn't reply to texts as she gets too many of them.
http://qld.locanto.com.au/ID_4136266...egh-Heads.html

Hours of Business : call to find out

Rates : Massage - $60 for 30min nude; Full Service - $110/30mins, $200/hr (my booking $60/30min)

Age : I reckon late 40's by the lines on her face but her body would pass for late 30's

Size/shape : tall slim, size C natural tits prominent nipples, shaved pussy with small tuft of hair, black hair, milky smooth skin (her ad pics are close to the mark)

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese (she confirmed after I commented on her height for an asian lady)

Services Provided : Very erotic (no therapeutic benefit really, YES!) massage, tit play suck, heaps of DATY/fingering/pussy play, HJ

Value for money/recommend? : YES/Maybe

My experience/comments : 

I've breezed across Linda's ad many times and finally had an opportunity to see her while I had some errands in Burleigh, also prompted by Afternoonsun's review and experience - time to give her a try. Called her on the day (easy) to book and she gave me her address straight away. Easy to find but I parked a street away near a park/playground and walked to her house, as her street was narrow and not easy for discrete parking. She did say to me she didn't mind her clients parking in her driveway.

Linda greeted me at door in black lingerie with her tits hanging out (yum I thought!), escorted me to clean bedroom with ensuite bathroom, handed over the cash and we both stripped off. Her body was in good shape milky skin as per her ad, very smooth skin and, although a little bit saggy/droopy, she had great shape tits. After a quick refresher shower I laid face down on bed, Linda sat next to me and (she asked if I wanted oil or not) her hands ran over my bum upper thighs and lower back in a firm but soft erotic sweep including my tackle. She ran her hands underneath me as I raised myself to give access to my tackle while my hand found her legs and I reached to fondle her bum. She stood up to give me easy access to her bum and pussy which I played and fingered - at which point I realised she did have a significant case of PILES around her bumhole but not bad enough to put me off.

Didn't take me long to have a hardon so had to turn on my back. She continued the massage on my thighs and tackle and she placed her leg on the bed, even increasing the room light, to allow me easy and closeup view of her pussy. I kissed and licked her upper thigh and moved up to give her clit a good licking which went on for about 10 minutes, while she stroked my cock, occasionally moving up to suck on her nipples. I was struggling to hold back a load so I suggested she lay down so I can play with her. From here on, it became a (too complex to explain here) set of maneuvers whereby I spread her legs, eased them back over her head so her pussy and bum were raised, while I licked her pussy and fondled/licked her tits and fingered both pussy and bumhole. This excited her so she rubbed her clit while I fingered her until she came. She said time for my turn to cum so I laid on my back and she stroked my cock with increasing intensity while I fingered her and sucked on her nipples until I blew. After she cleaned me up and dressed, I was on my way. Strangely, she allowed me to find my own way out of the house which was down a long hallway with multiple rooms.

An exciting 40min session whereby Linda allowed me full access to her body, only just falling short of FS (no BJ or fucking), and I don't think she was watching the time. Again, I think she had a great body although very average facial looks and the piles may turn some poeple off. She was not shy in ensuring I had a good view of her, particularly between her legs - a very accommodating lady. I'm going to return for a FS session with her.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 23rd February 2016, 06:31 PM
Poster ID: HornyHoratio
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Linda

Establishment : Private House (west) Burleigh Heads

Date of Visit : Wed 17/02/16

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0458 026 288 Call, she doesn't reply to texts as she gets too many of them.
http://qld.locanto.com.au/ID_4136266...egh-Heads.html
Hours of Business : call to find out

Rates : Massage - $60 for 30min nude; Full Service - $110/30mins, $200/hr (my booking $100/30min FS)

Age : I reckon late 40's by the lines on her face but her body would pass for late 30's

Size/shape : tall slim, size C natural tits prominent nipples, shaved pussy with small tuft of hair, long dark hair, milky smooth skin

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Mutual shower, FS - BBBJ (No CIM), DATY, doggy, massage, HJ

Value for money/recommend? : YES / Maybe

My experience/comments : 

I returned to try Linda for FS and wasn't disappointed. Again, easy to book (day before) by phone call. She greeted me in black lingerie and after paying the cash I shared a shower with her. She washed my cock and balls while I rubbed and fingered her pussy and fondled her tits. Out of the shower, dried and she laid down on the side of the bed face-up with her legs spread apart where, standing beside her, I continued to play/finger her pussy and suck her tits. I then went down to give her clit and inner thighs a good licking - her pussy was very sweet and clean.

Linda then put my cock in her mouth. I fucked her mouth while I continued to sink a couple of fingers into her pussy. I was quite hard and let her know I was close to blowing so she got up and leant over her bedside table with her feet well apart to prepare a condom, allowing me to keep fingering her pussy. Then she stuck my cock in her pussy and I fucked her doggy while leaning over the bed and blew my load. She had a shower while I laid down on the bed to recover.

When she came out she offered me a massage so I laid face down and she gave me a great relaxing back massage including my inner thighs and my tackle. Soon I was getting hard again so I flipped on my back and she went to work getting my cock hard while I played between her legs, rubbing her pussy and tits. Before long I blew my second load. After a brief cleanup, I was dressed and on my way.

A great value session that actually went for 40mins that had BBBJ FS massage and two cum shots for $100, I'll be back!


