Thread Title: Lisa - Molendinar - 0405 142 429
Floor: #1
Post Time: 9th March 2013, 11:13 PM
Poster ID: smacha069r
Post Title: 
 Lisa - Molendinar - 0405 142 429
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lisa

Establishment : Pvt home Molendinar

Date of Visit : 3 weeks ago

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0405142429 txt only

Hours of Business : 5:00pm-9:00pm weekdays longer on weekends

Rates : $50/Half $100/Hour

Age : 40's

Size/shape : 14 curvy 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : RnT

Value for money/recommend? : If you like older full figured women

My experience/comments : After making appointment via txt recieved address to pvt house an hour beforehand. Easy to find. Greeted at door by Lisa who quickly whisked me past the loungeroom (where a guy was watching TV) to her bedroom. Told I could undress in the ensuite and shower before if needed. Back to the bedroom where table is set up, soft music playing and Lisa totally nude. Not the best body in the world but Im partial to older curvy women. All over tan and shaved pussy. Up onto the table where the massage was soft rather than the hard I asked for. Light sensual strokes and rubbing. Very chatty and personable however very quickly found out the guy watching TV was her son.. WTF?? Found this very uncomfortable at first. Was informed that he was only there for a week though. She was constanly rubbing herself on my arm and hand throughout the first half of massage while on my stomach so took this as a sign and let my "fingers do the walking". She was extremely wet and seemed to get off on it. On to my back where she massaged my chest from the head to the table. Boobs dangled over my face inviting me to suck and nibble on very yummy nipples. Which I gladly obliged with. What she lacked in massage skills she more than made up with her HJ skills. All the while allowing me to explore any and all parts of her body. Shower afterwards and was on my way. (she asks that u bring own towel if showering)
All in all If like me u have a thing for older curvy women she is fantastic, and sensational value for money. Told me strictly no BJ or FS though.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 29th May 2013, 01:34 AM
Poster ID: BiggusDickus
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
The latest News on this PML is she is off to the ACT in less than four weeks for her daytime job. Yes she works for the Guv. Shhh don't tell anyone but the ACT is getting another reasonable VFM PML.  They sure could do with more. I would recommend this PML if you want to get your rocks off for fifty bucks in luxury. Lisa is an easy person to chat to. Not especially good on the hard massage or the eyes but for Fifty dollars for thirty mins you can't really beat it for value unless you beat it yourself of course. The above review is very accurate save for the youngun who is no longer living with mum.

Biggus.


