Thread Title: Lisa - Nundah - 0406 958 839
Floor: #1
Post Time: 28th August 2014, 05:47 PM
Poster ID: Armitage Shanks
Post Title: 
 Lisa - Nundah - 0406 958 839
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lisa

Establishment : Private House

Date of Visit : 26/8/14

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : http://m.locanto.com.au/brisbane/ID_...36D-size6.html

Hours of Business : 9-5 Mon-Fri

Rates : $80 - 30 mins
$130 - 60 mins

Age : 26

Size/shape : Size 6, Fake 'D' breasts

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : RnT, Massgae

Value for money/recommend? : Yes / Maybe for just massage

My experience/comments :

After a short, hard to understand phone call to discuss particulars, I arrived at her private house.

Not what I'd call pretty. 
Age legit though.
Warm and friendly 
Short, slim, dark skin.
Little blue dress.

Went the $80/30 option. Onto a comfy bed, and she gave a VERY firm rub. She kept asking if it was ok. I said yes, as I was trying to hide the tears lol.
Quite enjoyable though, in a way. And she seems to know what she's doing. Good 'Thai' sort of rub 
We chatted the whole time.

All this time she was naked, but I wasn't aware.

Bit of a dry bodyslide, then she asked me to turn over.

She appears like the pics in the ad. 
Her boobs look fake, but feel natural. Great nipples. Body a bit saggy, with some cellulite.

Started a very light, slow tug with some lube, and it felt fucking fantastic, as I fondled her breasts and arse. (Her technique had me from soft to ultra hard in no time - amazing how the lightest pressure applied correctly can work wonders).

After a minute or two though, she was right down to business, trying to finish me off. I kept asking her to go slower, which didn't change things much really, she said "only 5 mins to go."

So I asked to see her pussy, which was fine with her, and she positioned it over my face 69, saying "no touching it."

Almost over the line, I grabbed both her arse cheeks, spreading her plentiful pussy lips just enough to see the juicy pinkness within, as I let go a huge load.

She commented on the vast load, and giggled as she hopped off to grab some baby wipes for a nice gentle clean up.


Bit of chit-chat, she gave me her 'other' phone number, and bottle of water, then a peck on the cheek as I left.


Overall: 
Clock watcher, and not a great looker. However, a nice friendly chick who gives a really sensational rub. She does also advertise prices on Locanto for massage only, and I would highly recommend.




Cheers,
AS


Floor: #2
Post Time: 28th August 2014, 06:34 PM
Poster ID: Toomuchtime
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
It sounds very much like the girl who stood me up last year. I posted a review/warning at the time.Doesn't sound like I missed out on much...


Floor: #3
Post Time: 28th August 2014, 08:29 PM
Poster ID: Armitage Shanks
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by Dixie Normous


It sounds very much like the girl who stood me up last year.I posted a review/warning at the time.Doesn't sound like I missed out on much..
"""



Bugger! I had no probs at all.
Yes I did a search before posting my review and saw yours, though the numbers don't match what I have.
But these girls seem to have a lot of phones for some reason.
I visited a girl once and counted 5 handsets throughout the house!


Floor: #4
Post Time: 29th August 2014, 07:23 AM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Here's Lisa's Locanto ad,





			
				Beautiful Erotic Massage by 26 year old Thai busty 36D size6 - 26

Hi guys don't wait ,see for your self, experience a very sexy erotic massage by beautiful Thai lady..
Friendly atmosphere , private and discreet with plenty of street parking..
I love my work and so will you, can't wait to meet you !!

nude erotic massage with very happy ending..I have sweet Magic hands , professional rubs ,please come to enjoy your time with me.. you will have a fantastic time.
1/2 hr will be $80 ,45 minutes is $110 and 1hr only $130..
You'll get massage and happy ending with relief,on nude,body slide ...
Also available a one hour head to toe therapeutic massage , only $80.. Or just $50 per half hour.. Why you waiting for?
Please no private numbers..
Please Cash only ..
Can't wait to see you!! At Nellie St Nundah, 9 am to 5 pm
Call me on 0406958839.... Thank you


Floor: #5
Post Time: 29th August 2014, 06:17 PM
Poster ID: Toomuchtime
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I just noticed that she has her address in the Locanto ad and it's the same house I was directed to for my failed attempt.


