Thread Title: Lisa - Chevron Island - 0411 648 014
Floor: #1
Post Time: 13th August 2012, 10:17 PM
Poster ID: niteowl
Post Title: 
 Lisa - Chevron Island - 0411 648 014
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lisa

Establishment : Private unit on Chevron Island

Date of Visit : 13/8/12

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : GC Bulletin - CHEVRON ISLAND Japanese, magic hands, sexy, relief, fantasy, couples. Ph: 0411 648 014

Hours of Business : 7 days - call for times

Rates : $70 Nude RnT, $100 FS

Age : Says she's 23, but more like 33 or older?

Size/shape : Short, slim asian shape?

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian, says she's Japanese but I'm not so sure

Services Provided : Nude RnT

Value for money/recommend? : I've had worse

My experience/comments :

Still looking for an experience to match my recent NZ "sensual massage" experience, but less willing to fork out over $100 each time.  Saw this ad and had a good feeling after getting the description over the phone i.e. nude, porn dvd's, toys, body slides, can touch pussy etc.  Unfortunately Lisa just didn't really do it for me.

After sorting out the financials, I stripped naked and laid on my back to indicate I was there for the tug more than the rub.  She nuded up and laid down beside me and started rubbing her tits all over my cock (oh and started the porn playing on the tele about 2 feet from my face (bit close really).  She started sucking on my nipples and then actually started biting them really hard to the point I nearly asked her to stop but went along with it.  It wasn't long before she oiled up the tackle and started stroking away.

I asked to see her puusy, so she moved into a sort of 69 posy but with her to the side of me, not straddling me.  Not a bad looking pussy really - looked nice and tight.  I started playing with her clit, then casually slid my finger in.  She was making that hard to do, but I still got in there enough to feel she was getting slippery inside.

At this point I have to mention, the phone never stopped, and from what I could hear, it almost sounded like the same dude calling over and over.  At one point she said it was some guy asking if she was horny etc, so she told him to call someone else.  Anyway, that was a bit annoying, and she did keep saying she'd be finished in 5-10 minutes which made me think I could have an awkward meeting at the front door with the next punter! She was stroking me the whole time, so I reckon the guys ringing would've been able to hear that.

Anyway, a bit more moving around the bed, me playing with her clit (vagina was out of bounds) and sucking her tits - nice long nipples I must say - best I've ever had the opportunity to suck on.  She was telling one punter on the phone that she had toys, so I asked her to get one out.  She pulled out a vibrator and dommed it up and asked if I wanted her to use it on me?  WTF?!?  Not really sure if she was intending to stick up my ring, so I said, no, I want to use it on her! She said it was too hard (it was a hard plastic vibe) so she didn't want it in her pussy.  It all just got confusing, and she ended up just putting it away again.  Not really sure what was suppose to happen.  So then I thought this has gone on long enough and let her get me over the line.  As I was blowing the phone rang and she answered it, but to her credit she did keep stroking until I had come down completely.  So many chicks just stop the moment they see a spurt of cum which is a real let down.

She cleaned me up with tissues, then washed her hands before returning to give me a quick back massage while texting the next punter, then ringing him to tell him he could come over right now.  Another WTF?  I'm still laying here naked and the next guy is being summoned!  So up I get, go wash my hands, and get dressed.  She came in to the bathroom and hocked a big spit into the toilet which was a bit gross, and also gave her tits a quick sponge bath with her towel, followed by more spitting into the toilet.

Next I'm rushed out the door while she takes yet another phone call.  Oh by the way, she tried telling me I was very good luck because she never has that many phone calls, and that I must have brought them with me.  As I was getting in my car I noticed a dude in another car looking out the car door very sheepishly.  He waited for me to get into my car, then after surveying the area a bit more, took the plunge and walked to where I'd just come from.  I realise a WL doesn't want to lose business, but that's a bit to close for comfort I reckon.

So, $70 nude, play with pussy (and a little bit of fingering), suck titties and half hearted body slides isn't such bad value, but I won't be back.  Next punt will either be a couple of cheapies, or go for broke and try one of the Caucasian ones on Locanto which advertise for $100+ for 1/2 etc.  There's one that has me interested in Coolangatta.  Nice pic - she says the pic is her.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 21st February 2014, 04:07 PM
Poster ID: caybee
Post Title: 
 Lisa - Southport - 0411 648 014
				
Post Content: 
Name : Lisa

Date visited : 21/02/2014.

Contact: Lawson St Southport. ph 0411648014. Add in GC Bulletin.
Add reads:- SOUTHPORT. Japanese. sexy relief.
.................Toys.Dvd. Private. Ph. 0411648014.

Hrs : 9Am till Late.

Rates: Massage HE. $70:00 half Hr. FS. $100:00.

Age : My guess, late 30's poss early 40's.

Size/shape : About 150-155mm tall, small boobs,thick with a pot belly.

Nationality : Japanese.

Service Provided : Massage HE. nude.

Value/recommend: No, I don't think so.

I pulled this one out of the Bulletin. I decided to visit a private lady as there has been some more police action here on the Goldy of late. When I rang and spoke to her to get details etc she sounded quite young (maybe 20's), so went ahead and made a booking.She texted me her address and asked me to phone when I had arrived.(She works out of the towers in central Southport) i duly rang when I arrived and was advised floor No and entry code ,again by text(phew,39th floor) strangely though her texts came from a different No 0401382560. Anyway, up I went and was greeted at the door by this short dumpy woman who looked a lot older than I had imagined I wouldn't have minded if the body was a lot better than it was. Well I was there so went ahead to see what kind of service she would provide. got inside and money changed hands,nuded up and got onto the bed (massages on beds do absolutely nothing for me). The massage started. It wasn't a massage as such, more a one handed rub with a bit of squeezing of the shoulder muscles as she passed over them. the tackle tickle , when it came was pretty ho-hum to say the least. turned over and the boring rub started again,after a couple of minutes she started a front body slide(no oil) and while doing this she was blowing on my nipples and old fella.I didn't find this at all erotic . I then asked about the toys, and if she used them on herself, the then squatted above my face and proceeded to give herself the onceover with a vibrator, given her body shape it wasn't such a pretty sight . Anyway it was enough to get me hard and thankfully the the session ended with the desired result.
Would I return?.....I doubt it very much, the entire session did nothing for me except get get me over the line in the end.
Also the DVD's she had were nothing special and were being played on a 7" portable beside the bed.
Oh, By the way ,whilst I was there someone rang, he must have asked her age, because I heard her say she was 28.. In ya dreams baby! If I was being generous I would give her 38......... Maybe.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 25th February 2014, 01:10 PM
Poster ID: kapai
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Think I have had this experience. Agree with all descriptions and there are 2 operating in central towers claiming to be Japanese but if this person is in tower 1 then she may be Malaysian. I took the $100 option and didn't get to actually fuck her settled for a blow job for my time. Well I made her work for her money and give her credit for not stopping but the teeth-man it was a bit of a turnoff hence did want to do the deed in the end. So made her suck in 69 with daty. Tight pussy but no fingers allowed so finished with HE. Never to return but did work for her money. My guess late 40's


Floor: #4
Post Time: 25th February 2014, 04:19 PM
Poster ID: caybee
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Kapal, the lisa I saw operates out of tower 2.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 26th February 2014, 04:39 AM
Poster ID: kapai
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Ah that Lisa is definitely Malaysian.


