Thread Title: Majestic Massage - Annerley - 07 3848 4736
Floor: #1
Post Time: 31st October 2012, 02:27 PM
Poster ID: ooshka2000
Post Title: 
 Majestic Massage - Annerley - 07 3848 4736
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jen

Establishment : Majestic Massage

Date of Visit : 11/10/2012

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Cracknell Road ph. 38484736 

Hours of Business : closes at 5pm

Rates : $70 half hour inc HJ

Age : 40s

Size/shape : chubby lady, short, fantastic personality, big titties, if taller she be thin

Nationality or Ethnicity : Unsure

Services Provided : R&T

Value for money/recommend? : Yes, and already have

My experience/comments : Boss gave me the shits so I decided to head off and get rubbed up and down. The location of the shop is a but public so if you have a conscious then this may not be a location for you. Next to a snack bar and a pub 3 doors down on the corner.

Anyway once inside Jen will stick her head round the corner and invite you in, there has only ever been one girl on when I have been there. 

She gives a nice relaxing massage with her playful and entertaining conversation. Likes to have a play with the boys from the back.

Rolls me over and says "I have to release these toxins, that is no good at all" and sets about stroking mini me. She loves talking dirty and is more that happy to get her tits out. I was lucky enough to get a titty fuck before the inevitable end. 

Cleaned me up and then gives a friendly good bye and I go back to work and talk civilly with the boss. Will have to do the more often when cranky


Floor: #2
Post Time: 16th July 2014, 08:38 PM
Poster ID: Armitage Shanks
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Didn't get :/

Establishment : "Massage"

Date of Visit : 14/7/2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 11 Cracknell rd, Annerley - 3848 4736

Hours of Business : 9-5 Mon-Sat

Rates : $60 1/2hr
$100 1hr

Age : Late 20's

Size/shape : Stocky. C cups.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : RnT

Value for money/recommend? :  Good VFM/ Yes

My experience/comments : 
Odd thing: this shop is actually called 'Wellington Point Natural Therapy And Beauty Clinic'.

Have driven past and noticed this place many times, which is well signed. Also checked the couple of reviews on here - thought I'd give it a go, as I had a bit of a break between jobs. 

Rang 10 mins ahead, to confirm price/availability. Communication was easy enough 

Caution - if you're shy - it's right next to a busy cafe. The latte sippers have a great view of anyone entering.

Entered straight into a small waiting room, with a table, a few comfy couches, and a curtain covering the hallway to the rooms.

After about half a minute, a stocky, cute girl pops out through the curtain. I explain I had called ten minutes earlier - she was waiting for me 

She looked young, possibly in her 20's, or early 30's at most.
Very sexy with a red corset - yes, a corset. She mentioned something about being better able to fit into smaller sized clothes. 
Long black hair, and a long skirt.

Into the room, money changed hands, nuded up and onto the table.

She was chatty and friendly 
Unfortunately the massage was forgettable and boring. Just random rubbing and stroking. 

Plenty of tickle on the jatz crackers though.

Told to turn over "So we can see each other", she said 
She was straight onto the old fella. Plenty of oil and light touches for a bit. Then she got to business to finish me off, as the time was up. 

Then, OMG - she loosened her corset, and pulled one of her puppies out over the top to reveal a smooth, perky breast with a long, dark nipple - encircled with hair! 
I just had to have a go at that and I pointed to my mouth. She leant into me and I had a good taste, and she took me past the point of no return.
She was going fast on me, and I was done - But she didn't stop! She hadn't seen I'd blown. 
I got thinking actually I could piggyback a quick second, then she noticed and slowed down. 
Next time, I'll book an hour, and let her do her thing. I've done 6 in a row before, and she had me in the right spot 

So, poor massage, but good VFM, great chick, and enjoyable ending, plus hairy nipples - I'll be back.


Cheers,
AS


Floor: #3
Post Time: 16th July 2014, 08:47 PM
Poster ID: Armitage Shanks
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Opps, actually, these reviews should probably be in the other section :/


Floor: #4
Post Time: 25th July 2014, 12:55 AM
Poster ID: tuan_87
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Was gonna go give this place punt today, then saw how busy the cafe was and all the other shops next to it and decided to bail. Way to exposed in my opinion.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 19th September 2014, 05:27 PM
Poster ID: Toomuchtime
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I just checked this place out on Street View.Big MASSAGE lettering on the roof and window,an A-board on the footpath and next to 2 shops with footpath dining.Now,that's a walk of shame...


