Thread Title: Mandy Thai  - springhill - 0423 708 366
Floor: #1
Post Time: 11th February 2017, 09:01 AM
Poster ID: tuan_87
Post Title: 
 Mandy Thai  - springhill - 0423 708 366
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Mandy

Establishment : private

Date of Visit : 26/1/17

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 
Mandy, Sexy Thai Beauty, Slim Fit Body, - Brisbane body rubs - backpage.com.au

Hours of Business : ring to find out

Rates : $90 for 30 mins massage

Age : I'm guessing late 30s early 40s

Size/shape : short slim fake boobs

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai 

Services Provided : rnt

Value for money/recommend? : I'd reccomend but I prob won't come back.


been wanting to try mandy for a while after hearing some promising Reviews. Booking was easy no prob and was greeted in by the buzzer. Was met by Mandy and I admit was a lot older then I thought I think she's prob early 40s not to sure. I admit for an older bird she's not a bad looker and has looked after her nice body. Neways massage was predy decent a lot better then I would of thought then teasing with her using her moving her nails on my ballsack. On the flip I was semi hard and then she started further teasing by moving her hands around my cock she then moved in different positions and put her boobs on my face. Pussy on the face etc then her ass. Then finally she jerked me off to completion. Overall not bad I do reccomend to those of who prefer older women. Me however I'd rather go see Nicole or Lucy. Since I like younger girls. She didn't offer any extras and I didn't bother asking. She works across the road from bamboo massage. She's a nice lady tho easy going.  Cheers


Floor: #2
Post Time: 27th September 2018, 09:51 PM
Poster ID: Kaankaant
Post Title: 
 Thai Mandy, Brisbane, 0423 708 366
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Mandy

Establishment : Private Operator

Date of Visit : September 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :  https://brisbane.locanto.com.au/ID_2506489248/Mandy-Sexy-Thai-Beauty-Independent-Body-Rub.html

Phone : 0423 708 366

Hours of Business : 9:30AM - 8:00PM

Rates : $100/130/160 (30/45/60 min)

Age : late 20s

Size/shape : Curvy

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Massage, hj

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : Mandy operates out of a unit near Boundary Rd West End.  I had previously seen her in the Valley where she operated out of an apartment complex behind Wickham St.  When I arrived I was offered a shower which I gladly accepted, and then it was onto the bed for the massage.  Mandy was naked from the beginning, and she has a nice trim body with a good sized set of tits for her size.  She would probably be around 160cms, so fairly standard for an Asian girl.  I have to say that if she hadn't said she was from Thailand I would have taken her for a Polynesian as she has that islander look about her.  The massage was ok, nothing special but the bodysides were a nice touch, and the feeling of her nails lightly brushing across my back before the flip was heavenly!  A fairly standard HJ finished the session.  Mandy allowed touching all over and was a good value punt.  Given that you can easily pay as much in a shop for a massage with a few mins of nakedness at the end, the fact that Mandy is naked throughout makes her pretty good value in my book.  If only she would offer FS...


Floor: #3
Post Time: 3rd November 2018, 11:12 AM
Poster ID: Crofter
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Doing some research prior to a Brisbane trip. In a cpl werks. Have had an earlier recommendation about Mandy last year. Seems not much on the forum , that is current ?

If anyone has recently seen her , please PM or post here . 

Only interested in private's . Japanese also . Thx


Floor: #4
Post Time: 25th November 2018, 01:31 PM
Poster ID: Crofter
Post Title: 
 Mandy Thai Temptress . Brisbane
				
Post Content: 
Default Thai Mandy, Brisbane, 0423 708 366
Person's Name : Mandy


Establishment : Private ML 


Date of Visit : November  2018


Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 


Phone : 0423 708 366


Hours of Business : 9:30AM - 8:00PM. Some flexibility with time.


Rates : $100/130/160 (30/45/60 min)


Age : late 20s early 30’s . Looks younger 


Size/shape : sz 6-8, slim toned, C, 160cm


Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai


Services Provided : Massage, NHJ , B2B , slide , light pussy play. Other may be avail YMMV


Value for money/recommend? : Yes


My experience/comments : 


As per prev post headed to Brisbane for a biz trip, and had after a bit of research interested in seeing Mandy. Appears not a lot of info here, Though info found elsewhere, all very promising.

As for a previous review suggesting she’s an ‘older bird’ in her 40’s , I can only suggest the guy needs his optics in his script checked or, must be 15 and anyone over the age of 25 is old.

The pics that Mandy uses in her ads are her, whether taken last week or, last year debatable, however she believes in truth in advertising and you will on arrivall be more than pleasantly surprised. Mandy is IMO very attractive late. 20’s possibly no more than 32.

Making a time (60 mins)  was simple and I made certain time/date sorted prior to my flight.


Arrived at a neat apartment wamly greeted, offered a shower and then taken to a room with massage table and bed. 

Wanted a firm massage and Mandy does it quite well. Not amazing therapeutic remedial, but decent technique that suggested she took her work seriously and wanted to provide good customer service - pt 1 & 2

Mandy starts the session in lingerie a sweet white 2 piece number, though without prompting and less than 5 mins in naked. Mandy is beautiful dressed and equally so naked. There is no disappointment experienced where you find the lingerie  working gear is more the feature than the naked form.

Massage  proceeds nicely and is therapeutic in its delivery though not without more than a hint and glimmer of more . It’s one of those massages that mixes nicely the sensual erotic and the remedial. Before even the 30 minutes are  gone and feeling like more intense play,  I sit up and suggest we move to the bed. There is no hesitation.

The massage now forgotten, all is now mutual play, sitting with Mandy across my thighs , I am quite free to touch kiss and gently hold , whilst Mandy herself returns in a similar way. Sitting here this way Mandy is close and it’s easy to lean in kiss her neck, breasts and they are despite enhancement not overly hard or large and are responsive to a gentle firm mouth or fingers.

i can hear her breathing alter as is mine, I’m able to play lightly with her pussy and told no fingers inside , though despite this,  a little later , I do and Mandy is quite comfortable and energetically grinding against my hand. As this is happening and with 10-15 mins to go I ask and move toward some Daty ,maybe a mistake of mine, as I’m given a clear no and at the same moment , she stops and pulls away from my hand. A little more than flushed, but asks if I can stop and lay back. 

I do and Mandy commences a range of moves , little cat bath , sliding and commenced a great HJ slow slow firm strokes one handed  , while still feeely touching with her other hand my ass balls  nipples. I ask for some rimming and is given.

as all this is happening , we continued with a great conversation as having lived in Australia some years , quite fluent in English.

 I’m almost coming and I’m asking her to slow it down , she does and keeps me close for the next few minutes until I cum on her (unintentionally) breasts.

Lots  of smiles clean up and offered another shower. 
Mandy is warm , genuine and times her sessions well though remains  unhurried and the time starts when you are on the table. 

I’ve heard that some have had lesser experiences and others inferred more. It is clear that Mandy has rules and boundaries that may it may not shift . In that way no different to many other women working as ML’s. Im interested to go back to visit as , felt more could occur, if a good connection established 


One of her great moves is in a reverse cowgirl and or 69 where she is close to your cock and occasionally with this beautiful smile looks back toward you all while one or two handed stroking and holding you . 

Certainly if she was working out of Sydney would seek to have her as a regular.


