Floor: #1
Post Time: 2nd December 2016, 07:03 AM
Poster ID: pauldog
Post Title: 
 Maymay - Brisbane CBD/Outcall - 0422 302 392
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Maymay

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : Late Nov 16

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Locanto - http://brisbane.locanto.com.au/ID_10...ALL-AREAS.html - I had an outcall in the Brisbane CBD so don't know her incall location.

Hours of Business : Call

Rates : 90/120/150 - Outcall 150/180

Age : Says 28 Probably 50 something

Size/shape : Sz 12 - bit of a belly

Nationality or Ethnicity : MLC

Services Provided : Massage with happy ending

Value for money/recommend? : Absolutely NOT!

My experience/comments : Maymay advertises on Locanto as a 28yr old Japanese girl, 160cm tall, with a hot size 8 body and 36D size breasts. She claims long and slender legs that go to heaven. She also claims to be gifted in many ways as well as classy but naughty.

In reality she is at least 48yrs old, she is from China, she has a size 10 to 12 body with a bit of a belly. Her short legs (how long could they fucking well be on someone only 160cm high!?) ended at a pair of black granny undies which never came off. Her breasts are a bit saggy but nice to look at and may well be as claimed - you are, however, not allowed to touch them. She is not classy and as it turned out not naughty unless theft is considered naughty, she is gifted; a gifted liar and con-artist.

I booked an hour outcall and we started with the usual massage on my back which was just the usual pushing oil all around my body. After about ten minutes of this and some very minor tackle tickle she asked me to turn over. I then asked her to remove her undies as, if nothing else, they were unsightly to look at plus her ad claims "naked oil massage". She refused claiming that the 'naked' refers to the client not the service provider. IMHO, given that the ad clearly states a happy ending, I would call this a con as the recipient needs to be nude to receive said happy ending. Anyway after 5mins of discussion she started on my front, still in her ugly undies.

When I say started on my front, she actually just started straight in on the T part of the RnT. Her technique was actually quite good as this is also part of the rip-off as she just wants to get you off and I was getting close to cumming. I asked her if she was going to get me over the line twice and if not she better slow down as we had an hour booking. She replied that my time was nearly up. WTF - I am across the width of the bed in my hotel and consequently I am facing the clock and it has been, at the most, 20mins! We now have a ten minute discussion on what time she arrived versus what time she should be leaving. Even factoring in the five mins she took off her actual arrival time we were on track to finish at least 30mins early. Anyway after a lot of back and forth she agreed that I still had another 25mins. This second discussion in a short space of time had taken the wind out of the little guy and he was headed for a sleep. She recommenced the tug and I tried in vain to at least touch her to get some life back in the party. She wouldn't allow touching anywhere except on her leg and that was just a hand placement. You weren't allowed to move your hand around on her leg.

To cut a long story short she didn't get me over the line in the hour - that's a first by the way - and then had the nerve to ask if I wanted to pay to extend for 15 minutes. No, get the fuck out. That was what I thought - I actually said no thanks and she left but not before swiping a hotel bath and hand towel.

Summary: This is one to avoid. Caveat: ymmv (good luck with that!)


Floor: #2
Post Time: 2nd December 2016, 11:35 PM
Poster ID: payforplay
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Would of asked to leave once she was not the girl she claimed...Im sorry but 30 to 50 is a big difference...
Would not of been the 1st time a prostitute has left my premises in a shit storm due to utter bullshit.

P4P


Floor: #3
Post Time: 5th December 2016, 06:19 AM
Poster ID: pauldog
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by payforplay


Would of asked to leave once she was not the girl she claimed...Im sorry but 30 to 50 is a big difference...
Would not of been the 1st time a prostitute has left my premises in a shit storm due to utter bullshit.

P4
"""



Not the first time I wished I adopted that practice - I know it's my money but I find it hard to say 'sorry but you have to leave'. I don't think I am the only one either as I seem to read it a lot! Mr P4P you may be the exception to the rule ; )


Floor: #4
Post Time: 9th December 2016, 12:00 PM
Poster ID: seeking85
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
sorry to hear pauldog, thanks for posting your experience


