Thread Title: Micky - CBD Brisbane - 0426 045 591
Floor: #1
Post Time: 23rd November 2019, 01:43 PM
Poster ID: badog
Post Title: 
 Micky - CBD Brisbane - 0426 045 591
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Micky

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 11 November 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://m.locanto.com.au/brisbane/ID...SBANE-CBD.html

Phone : 0426045591

Hours of Business : 10am till late

Rates : $180 hour

Age : 24 but might be early 30s

Size/shape : size 8, sexy curvy body with DD titties

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai 

Services Provided : nude massage, hand relief

Value for money/recommend? : Yes/yes

My experience/comments : Quick to respond to text. Based in Brisbane CBD in apartment block on Charlotte St so parking can be issue and expensive. Normally dont go into the city but was there to meet up with friend and was able to book her with short notice. Gave me security code to her apartment and got buzzed in. 

Greeted me at the door and was absolutely stoked that she looked the same as her photos, in fact they did not do her justice. She was wearing sexy black lingerie and was very sexy...good start to the session. Both got undressed and I lay on my front on her massage table. Her English was not bad and had a good enough conversation while she massage me. Was a traditonal thai massage which she was very good at and almost feel asleep...she rubbed her tits on my back, lot of focus on glutes and there was good amount of tickle tackle. Allowed me to touch her but not in between. Was rock hard when I turned and rubbed her awesome titties while she massaged me. Towards the end, she rubbed her tits on my stomach and groin area and did some spanish on my cock then proceeded with more oil and stroked me faster while I rubbed her tits and exploded. She cleaned me up and then wiped my whole body with warm water...only negative was no shower option. All in all was a great massage and ending by a sexy lady. Will return if I around city area.


