Thread Title: Name Unknown - Broadbeach - 0417 453 996
Floor: #1
Post Time: 12th April 2012, 11:50 PM
Poster ID: niteowl
Post Title: 
 Name Unknown - Broadbeach - 0417 453 996
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Totally forgot to ask...

Establishment :  [**Location of PWL removed. BAB**] 

Date of Visit : 26/3/12

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0417 453 996

Hours of Business : Various

Rates : $60 - 30 mins

Age : old

Size/shape : old lady shape, but big tits

Nationality or Ethnicity : Euro/Dutch

Services Provided : RnT

Value for money/recommend? : Not really

My experience/comments :

I've been away for a while so this late review isn't really fresh in my mind.  Sorry about missing the name, but should be pretty easy to narrow down with all the other details.  I tell ya what, between me and RJones we can tell you where NOT to go on the Gold Coast.  Follow RJ for all the legit places in Surfers and me for all the old wrinklies!  This lady was clearly the oldest WL I've ever been to see.  I suspected a bit of age by the voice and when I asked, she just said "40 plus".  Well FFS, 50 or 60 is also "20 plus" if you want to put it that way and I reckon she's at least late 50's possibly 60's.  Anyway, I was thinking I might have been in for a 40 something hot euro slut, so I made the booking. I should've walked and gone down to Bamboo Curtain, but as I've said before I never walk from a punt.

She does FS as well.  She asked what I wanted and I promptly took the RnT option.  Massage was pretty crap.  She does it in bra and g-string and has really big tits.  On roll over (after about 5 mins) she got her tits out and could have a play.  I got her to go slow and do a bit of stop/start edging.  This is an advantage of non-asians that can actually understand what you're asking for.  After a bit of that she started telling me how she loved the smell of cum, so I asked if I could tit fuck her.  She said tit fuck is part of FS but I could COB so I stood up and started wanking above her big tits while she sat on the side of the bed. I asked her if she also liked the taste of cum, but she smirked and just said "I like the SMELL of cum" so I unleashed a huge load on her chest.  I recall now her tits had actually sagged around to the side so it was more like blowing on her breast-less rib cage than a nice fat set of tits.

Anyway, she was pleasant enough but definitely our of my age bracket by a LONG shot so I won't be returning any time soon.  She has an accent which she say's is sort Danish (moved around a lot) but she's half Dutch.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 13th April 2012, 12:23 AM
Poster ID: niteowl
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Forgot to add... advertises in GCB.

At Broadbeach
Total Pleasure. Ph 0417 453 996

At Broadbeach
Sensuous Scandinavian Supreme Pleasure expert. 0417 453 996.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 29th May 2012, 04:07 PM
Poster ID: boblee
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Name is Anjelica. As you say nice enough lady ...would have been a babe when younger. I saw her about 2 months ago...liked the way she spoke so went the $250 for 2hrs of massage and FS. She pulled out the biggest dildo I have ever seen and and a pro level back and neck massager toy  ....worked it like a champion...she came about 3 times in about 15 minutes as I held the massager hard on her clit...got to the point she said she couldn't handle any more  and she had jelly legs when she got back up ...quivering as she stood. Those big tits were then wrapped abound my cock while she sucked it at the same time....massage was as described average. Big clit and lips and keen as hell once she got going ...get her to talk to you dirty in danish. By the mid way point I was getting DFK and she was sucking my balls super hard ...a bit too hard really. Pushed back hard when I rimmed her. I chummed up on her face and there was plenty in her mouth and lips. Went back to massaging and started fingering her and got close to a full fisting and fingered her ass and she went off again. Yes you can get better looking birds but if you do it right this euro motor really powers.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 29th May 2012, 04:08 PM
Poster ID: boblee
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
My estimate early 50s


