Thread Title: Navy - Aspley - 0437 019 199
Floor: #1
Post Time: 19th December 2019, 10:54 AM
Poster ID: Manny71
Post Title: 
 Navy - Aspley - 0437 019 199
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Nancy

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 02 12 19

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 

Darwin St Aspley

https://m.locanto.com.au/brisbane/ID...hai-Woman.html

Phone : 0437 019 199

Hours of Business : 8am - 10pm

Rates : 70 half 130 hour for massage and relief

Age : 40 ish

Size/shape : 10

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : rnt, daty

Value for money/recommend? : yes / yes

My experience/comments :

Haven't seen Nancy for a while. She's a lovely lady. Really welcoming and friendly.

Has a bed and massage table. I use the bed.

We both get naked and start with a light relaxing massage and nice chat.

Nancy has lost a lot of weight but still has lovely D breasts with beautiful nipples. Clean shaven and smooth. Some loos'ish skin around her belly to be expected.

Beautiful soft skin which always feels wonderful against me.

From massage to cuddle and lots of touching both ways. I love sucking on her nipples as she responds really nicely. Then move on to DATY. Again, soft gentle touch gets a wonderful response.
Move to a 69 position and she finishes me by hand while I keep on eating her.
Slow finish, shower and away. DATY is a extra and Nancy changes her charges. I gave her 150 for the hour. 

Always a lovely time. Highly recommend.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 1st February 2020, 02:20 PM
Poster ID: foolishmortal
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Nancy
Establishment: Treasury Hotel, usually works from a private unit, Aspley
Date of Visit : Jan 2020
Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0437019199 
https://m.locanto.com.au/brisbane/ID...hai-Woman.html
Hours of Business : most days, ring/text to check
Rates : $70 half / $100 for 45 mins / $130 hour + extras / took the hour option($150)
Age : late 40's
Size/shape : Size 10, petite and well proportioned  Thai MILF
Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai
Services Provided : RNT with extras
Value for money/recommend? : yes
My experience/comments : 
This was my second time seeing Nancy. The first time was at her Aspley address which was a little far for me since I'm not a Brissie local. I enjoyed the punt well enough that I wanted a return visit. Luckily this time Nancy texted back telling me she was working from the Treasury hotel. How could I resist? 

I got a little lost trying to find the hotel as it's separate from the casino and across the road. the inside layout didn't help things either. I eventually I made it to Nancy's room and I have to say it was a nice change from her Aspley joint. It turned out she was staying there with friends and just wanted to fit in a punter or two.

I had a quick shower and then paid her $150 for the hour session which included DATY extra. The massage was on the bed although usually a table is also available at her usual place. After running around hot and ragged on a Saturday, it was nice to finally slow down and enjoy Nancy's capable hands. I found her massage to be strong yet also relaxing as she fixed up all my aches and pains. I do wish she incorporated more tease and TT into the general massage. I was too much in dreamland to complain about it though.
I woke up at the turn over where Nancy continued to massage my front, focusing on my front legs so slowly get my blood going. It wasn't really light teases but nevertheless it got me hard. Sensing that I was getting close, Nancy moved and placed her pussy into my eager mouth. I enjoyed the view and the taste but didn't last long as she was tugging me at the same time. 

All in all, it was a good punt and I'd be more interested if more might be available as she gets more familiar with me.


