Thread Title: New Laos ( foam spa & massage) - Everton  Park QLD - 0413314280
Floor: #1
Post Time: 24th March 2015, 05:34 PM
Poster ID: butyl
Post Title: 
 New Laos ( foam spa & massage) - Everton  Park QLD - 0413314280
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Em

Establishment : Private Apartment

Date of Visit : 19/03/15

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : http://brisbane.locanto.com.au/ID_37...rton-park.html

Hours of Business : 8am - 10pm

Rates : Full Body Massage $100 /hr Soapy Massage $150 /hr

Age : 27

Size/shape : Short with just the right amount of curves

Nationality or Ethnicity : Laos

Services Provided : Massage, soapy massage, HJ and ?

Value for money/recommend? : Twas ok and about same vfm as nearby shops.

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

Found the advert after a quick search online. Was looking for something other than a shop (Hopefully more on the right side of the law) that was not to far out of my way travelling around for work. A quick text message to confirm availability and address and was soon on my way to an address in Everton Park. The address is on a busy road so about 30 minutes later I was finding a park in a back street and a short walk around the block I found the apartment block. Finding the actual apartment was a little more difficult as I couldn't see unit numbers anywhere from street level but took a guess and I was right and knocking on the door.

The door opened to reveal a short and curvy (but not fat) woman (Now most people a short to me, I'm pushing 2m tall so take that in your stride). She led me through the quite messy and untidy living & kitchen area to the room. The room was messy as well with a window facing the main road. It was a noisy room, a little stiffling but the massage table looked ok and the towels clean enough. Money changed hands for a 1hr full body massage.

The massage was pretty good. Better than the average massage from the local shops, I would call it about medium. She worked hard on my sore muscles which was good but there was little to no build up or teasing. On the flip she started by massaging my legs and came awfully close to the fun stuff but just seemed to pull up short of any touching. At this point I though maybe I misunderstood. However after the leg massage she oiled up the important part but gave it an unfortunately fairly perfunctory tug. She cleaned up the mess after which she disappeared to wash her hands, then came back to finish the massage with a neck and head massage. Soon after I was dressed and heading out the back door and on my way to my next stop of the day. I was out the door about 55 min after knocking on the door.

I did get the feeling that someone else may have turned up in the apartment about half way through my massage. I'm not sure if it was another client (although she never left the room to let them in at that stage), a house mate or another girl. I did hear a phone ringing and talking but it was to hard to tell where it was coming from over the traffic noise it may have been her next door or downstairs neighbors. I never saw a sign of anyone else as she rushed me out the door.

Overall she gave a massage with the feel of a pretty standard Brisbane shop. Would I return, maybe, it was ok and the soapy massage has an interest factor. I have the feeling that her service may get better with repeat visits and other options may be available for the ending for regular attendees. However I don't feel all that comfortable with "private" operators that are sharing accommodation with another person, whether they are working or not. I just don't feel like being caught up in any legal proceedings.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 24th March 2015, 07:10 PM
Poster ID: nextlif
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hi butyl


Good initial review thank you. Please post another like it to be upgraded to Bronze.



Hope to hear from you.

nextlife


