Thread Title: Nicole - Spring Hill, Brisbane - 0422 254 116
Floor: #1
Post Time: 17th July 2016, 08:51 AM
Poster ID: yolo123456789
Post Title: 
 Nicole - Spring Hill, Brisbane - 0422 254 116
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Nicole

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 10/07/16

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0422 254 116 Nicole-Real pics-Super sexy Thai girl.?0422 254 116? - Brisbane body rubs - cracker.com.au

Hours of Business : varies 

Rates : $170

Age : 27

Size/shape : skinny

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : B2B, RNT

Value for money/recommend? : YES

My experience/comments :

 I have visited Nicole few times, she is easy to deal with over msg. There is no certain day she works, but if she is working normally she replies the msg fairly promptly. Her massage technique is quite good, nothing special but does the job. She has amazing body and where she works has a full mirror on one side which is good. Only complaints is sometimes she spend too much time on the back, but once is time to turn over the finish is always good. She also offers CBJ but never tried so can't comment on it. Overall very VFM slightly higher than the usual asian RNT but definitely worth the money. Appointment started with facedown on a queen size bed, the a full size mirror on the side of the room. She has good technique, don't normally ask if prefer soft/hard etc but anyway does a good job on the backside, as mentioned earlier, sometimes this can take longer than you desire. On the flip over she does a bit of massage on the leg and then the teasing and more sensual massage starts, she does body slide on both sides and obvious to say it's a good view when you're facing up. then finished with spanish while grabbing both of her assets. So overall although with some downside it's still very VFM.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 4th April 2017, 04:15 PM
Poster ID: oolongtime
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Nicole

Date of Visit : 3 April 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : ?Nicole ?Real pics-sexy Thai girl til 4th April only -0422 254 116?. - Brisbane body rubs - backpage.com.au

Hours of Business : 10 a.m till 9 pm, last booking 8 pm.

Rates : $90 for 1/2 hr / $140 for 3/4 hr / $170 for hr

Age : late 20s

Size/shape : slim with curves in all the right places

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : R&T

Value for money/recommend? : Yes, yes, yes!

My experience/comments :

Backpage / cracker / locanto are full of jaded Asian PWLs pulling the bait & switch by promoting themselves as hot uni students new in town with photos pinched off the internet.

What a refreshing change to meet one who uses genuine selfies. WYSIWYG.

And what you get is an outstanding massage experience. I don't know what the above reviewer was thinking.

Wait in your car and text her on arrival, then walk up to the security gate, punch in her number, open the gate and up one flight of stairs straight into Nicole's apartment where she is holding the door open for you. She makes your arrival easy without need for loitering, knocking, or fielding questions from the apartment manager.

Once inside you can take a shower or get straight to business.

45 min is plenty of time, 30 is probably not enough, and when Nicole is sliding her flawless body over yours, with the lights dimmed and soft music playing, you will wish you could suspend time to savour her sensual delights.

If you are prone to premature ejaculation, especially in the presence of a hot Asian goddess with incredibly firm breasts and the knowhow to use them, you had better dose up on Priligy and spray liberally with Stud 100 to delay the inevitable. Because when that happens, your massage ends abruptly and it's into the shower, dress, and out the door.

Nicole flies home to Thailand tonight, but if you're lucky she may be opening her door again next month.

Avoid possible embarrassment by not inquiring about extra services. She doesn't do them, even for wads of extra cash. Save your money and save face, and please don't piss her off because that will bring forward the day she quits this job for good.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 22nd April 2017, 10:03 AM
Poster ID: redbaron
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Nicole

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : March 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0422 254 116 http://brisbane.locanto.com.au/ID_11...ne-babe-x.html

Hours of Business : 9am - 10pm according to ad

Rates : $90 / 30 minutes

Age : 27

Size/shape : "D"s - see photos - they are real!

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : B2B, RNT

Value for money/recommend? : absolutely!








Hi..babe


My name is Nicole. 
I am Thai girl honey x

My details :

Height 162 cm.
Weight 48 kg.
D Cup 
Long black hair
Brawn eyes 
Perfect curvy sexy body.


My deluxe massage service includes a skin on skin experience with mutual touching and open affection.
Seductive Now 'consulting' in Brisbane Come along and be pampered, specialises in gentleman's massages and is highly adept in the art of relaxation and arousal. 

I have massage certificate to confirm how good with firm and relaxing massage. 
Come on baby. .!!
Let's make booking then let's try my skill.

I do not do full service. 
Please do not ask .


My service includes :

- Naked erotic massage body slide (back and front)
- Happy Ending (handjob)
- Spanish titjob
- Mutual touching whole body (soft and gentle allowed )


Note :

- No french kissing 
- No natural oral (extra $20 for covered oral) 
- No GFE 
- No CIM 
- No COF 
- No rimming 


My rates are as follows: 

Incall rates: 

30 mins:$90
45 mins:$140
1 hour :$170


Outcall 
only 10-15 mins away from Fortitude valley 

1 hour :$250


call or

text me if I could not pick up the phone
Make all things easier when you text me. 
- Name
- Time for booking 
- How long would you like to booking.
- I will get back to you ASAP. 

I won't response unshow number.


Please do not ask me for unprotect services extra. 


0422254116 

Working hour 7 days

9am - 10pm

I am very much look forward to your reply and the opportunity to meet and tailor a service that meets your particular desires.


Nicole XX

Phone: 0422 254 116

Do not miss out.


My experience/comments :

Found myself in Brisbane for a week and found Nicole via locanto. 
Simple SMS instructions with a quick reply (10 or 20 minutes) and instructions how to access the 1st floor apartment. Nice place, Nicole answered the door in a G string and skimpy bra looking very tasty but shy.
Quick shower and change of money and the massage was on.
A bit of small talk but not a great deal (which I prefer) and the back massage was enough to get me nice and excited for the flip. Massage was soft, but sensual and she used her whole body.

Nicole oils herself up nicely (which is quite a view) and continues the B2B rub - those D cups are absolutely amazing, and finished with a great view of her as she finished me off with her hands.

All in all a great girl, as mentioned previously nothing other that what's advertised and I didn't even mention anything else.

Went there twice in a week, both times were pretty much the same experience.

Highly recommended


Floor: #4
Post Time: 27th August 2017, 05:07 PM
Poster ID: Tripod
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Nicole 

Establishment : private

Date of Visit : 25/8/17

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 
http://m.locanto.com.au/geo/498369/S...Hill-Brisbane/
Hours of Business : 10-7

Rates : $90-30

Age : 27

Size/shape : 8, D cup enhanced I believe, sexy

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : bodyslide, hj

Value for money/recommend? : Absolutely 

My experience/comments : I was traveling to Brisbane and was obviously wanting to have a punt or two, I tried contacting a few providers , but Nicole was the only one that responded. 
Contact was easy and quick, given strict but easy instructions as the others have mentioned, and before I knew I, I was in her apartment. She met me at the open door wearing some sexy lingerie, first impression was WOW! Hot as fuck, sexy body and beautiful face. She readied the double bed as I stripped off and paid her, then I laid down while she stripped off. Couldn't help but turn and have a look, gorgeous body, shaved pussy and what I think were fake but very nice d cup tits.

She starts off with a dry massage, climbing up and sitting on my back and bum. It's Nice feeling her hot pussy touching the skin. Then comes the oil and bodyslides, using her tits to full advantage. They feel very nice during this, and at times she would rub her pussy on my leg as she straddled it. 
The view in the mirror next to the bed is phenomenal as she bends over to rub my back. 
Then she asks me to flip, and continues with the slides and some Spanish, bringing her lips oh so close to my cock and I thought she might mouth it, but just teasing. Nicole then sits up and starts the hj, giving me full access to touch her, but no fingers inside. She got me over the line while I rubbed her clit and the growing moisture beneath. .

WIR: Yes I would,after having no luck with some private wl and two establishments, I actually went back to see her again before flying home. The second visit was a bit more sensual, her ad clearly states her services, but we got along very well so I asked her for daty, which she politely declined. 
I helped her with a home maintenance problem and then left after a kiss and cuddle.
The only thing I will say is that the hj part seems rushed, maybe because I only had time for 30 min visits, but it was jackhammered out rather than slow and sensual.


