Thread Title: Nixie - Massage and Waxing  284 Stanley road, Carina 0447 033 888
Floor: #1
Post Time: 16th October 2015, 03:00 PM
Poster ID: ozozoz
Post Title: 
 Nixie - Massage and Waxing  284 Stanley road, Carina 0447 033 888
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Nixie
Establishment : Private
Date of Visit : September 2015
Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0447 033 888
Hours of Business : No idea (9-5 7-days by appointment)
Rates : $40, $70, $110, $150, $250
Age : 30s
Size/shape : Slender best Arse, lovely C-cup breasts,
Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese
Services Provided : Massage
Value for money/recommend? : Absolutely
My experience/comments : 

Saw Nixie for the advertised rates and was treated so well I returned. Wasn't until my 3rd visit I realised RnT was available. Nixie is beautiful. Not just cute, or pretty, or attractive. I genuinely think she is a stunning looking woman. Her humour and intelligence and her wicked playfulness all make for a great experience.

When you're there, ask for the special with Yuki.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 15th November 2015, 06:32 PM
Poster ID: Aejohnny
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hey Ozozoz, would love to know what is on offer for the $250, will Nixie provide full service, or is that the double with Yuki?


Floor: #3
Post Time: 19th May 2016, 09:53 AM
Poster ID: ozozoz
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Sorry for the late reply ... no FS. Nixie is the more conservative of the two. Yuki has the wicked mind but still, all legal and no FS, at all.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 6th June 2016, 02:41 PM
Poster ID: singlebound
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Nixie
Establishment : Private
Date of Visit : May 2016
Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0447 033 888 http://brisbane.locanto.com.au/ID_35...at-Carina.html
Hours of Business : 9-5 5-days by appointment i think)
Rates : $110 for NURUX
Age : 30s
Size/shape : Slim build but clothes stayed on so not entirely sure on the rest.
Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese
Services Provided : Massage
Value for money/recommend? : Dunno...
My experience/comments :

Read a couple reviews around the place and it sounded like a place worth trying for rnt.  Enquired on prices and got a text back quickly and decided to try NURUX erotic massage for $100 for 60 mins. Booked in a time and received the address. Figured there would be talk of extras so took along a bit of extra cash.

Rocked up 5 mins early to a gated house which has a back extension that has been converted to a massage studio.  While waiting at the gate there is a guy walking around the yard don't know if he's the husband or a maintenance dude but he calls out to say she'll be with you shortly.  Slightly unexpected moment if you're after discretion so you've been warned.

Once inside and money is sorted she leaves the room for you to nude up and get on the table which has some sort of water mattress on it which was a new experience.  The massage itself is softer then i'd normally go for but i'm guessing if you went for the therapeutic oil massage you'd get a firmer massage as there were times when she used her elbows and knuckes and it felt real good.

Plenty of ball grabbing, rubbing and stroking during the massage but she never touches the cock.  I dunno if I missed the queue or if I'm meant to straight out ask for the ending but it never eventuated.  Walked out with blue balls.

Unsure if I'd go back and try put another $100 down to not get any ending.  Maybe it's just turned into a legit massage place now.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 14th December 2016, 06:00 PM
Poster ID: Kontempt
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name :  Angela

Establishment : Xanadu Massage

Date of Visit : Today!! 14/12/16

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : As per above links. 284 stanley road, Carina

Hours of Business : 9-9

Rates : 100/hr +50 for T

Age :  I'd say 35-45

Size/shape :  Petite, slim, nice set of tits but the ass.... my god!!! One cheek, one hand -- hnnngggg

Nationality or Ethnicity : Going to say Jap but could be wrong

Services Provided :  RNT

Value for money/recommend? :  Fuck yes.  

My experience/comments :

Guys - not sure what happened with the fella above, quality! I walked in and straight into the room. She confirmed the length and what I wanted. Stripped off face down on the table and awaiting the fun to start.  The massage is gentle as alluded to above, but extremely relaxing. It gets better as she worked her way down my back to my arse, plays with the cheeks then a cheeky taint graze.  I thought hello! This continues for some time getting more and more playful. I'm a big fan early.

This continues both sides and im loving all of it. Then comes the turn over.  I turn over, thinking show time - whats next. She starts off doing the chest and then come around to my side. I ask her if it's ok to touch and she says, yes. We're playing with each other until she gestures towards my erect member and asks if I want that massaged too. I said yes and shes onto it. Not rushing at all, taking her time, teasing that then going back to my legs. Back to my arse (i dont mind that one  bit) then she focuses on getting me off. I don't last too long and boom, i'm done. 

Cleans herself and myself up, finishes off the rest of the massage. Finishes up right on the hour and I couldn't  have been happier. 

Will be going back again for sure!


