Thread Title: Olivia - Brisbane city - 0416 542 620
Floor: #1
Post Time: 8th November 2018, 03:40 PM
Poster ID: macca431
Post Title: 
 Olivia - Brisbane city - 0416 542 620
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Olivia

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : October 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.escortsandbabes.com.au/P...elightbodyrub/

Phone :0416 542 620

Hours of Business : most days 10am - 1030pm

Rates : $185/hr

Age : 28

Size/shape : Slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : RnT with 2 extras - reverse slide and BJ

Value for money/recommend? : NO

My experience/comments : Arrived in Brisbane and had an afternoon to kill so decided to see what might be on offer as a quick hour. After the flight I needed a few knots eased out and finally got hold of Liv. Good thing was she was right in the city meaning I didn't need to travel too far.

Quick to arrange - tick
Nice on the phone - tick
Good price - tick
In the CBD - tick

going well so far. Arrived and went up to her room. Quick greet and into the shower. She is a nice person but I got the impression it was about quantity not quality for her which made it more transactional. Massage was on a bed and while the towel I was laying on was clean I don't think anything else was.

Massage was ho-hum and didn't really address any of the knots. Her phone was also on the bed and was continually vibrating which definately broke the vibe. There were mirrors in bedroom so you could get a good view which was a plus. Just before the turn over Liv told me about her extras, $50 for reverse slide position while she finished the RnT with great view and you were allowed to touch, $70 for BJ or $100 for both. I took the reverse option, however how she positioned herself halfway down my chest didn't really allow for great view or the ability to touch in a meaningful way - almost had to break my arms to get close lol. Anyway - ended up with the usual finish then straight into the shower where I hear her straight on the phone organising the next John - as I said very transactional.

SOme people might like this but not for me - worth a punt but will stick to the other girls I have reviewed here previously.


