Thread Title: Patty - Banyo - 0424 206 299
Floor: #1
Post Time: 16th August 2019, 12:26 PM
Poster ID: tuan_87
Post Title: 
 Patty - Banyo - 0424 206 299
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : patty 

Establishment : private

Date of Visit : 14 August 

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: https://m.locanto.com.au/brisbane/ID...i-Massage.html

Phone : 0424 206 299

Hours of Business : 9am-9pm

Rates : $70 30 mins

Age : 30

Size/shape : slim busty 

Nationality or Ethnicity : thai

Services Provided : topless massage & hj

Value for money/recommend? : yes 

So decided to change it up a a bit and decided to go see a private ml. Decided to give patty a go since I've always enjoyed private Thai girls. Neways booking was easy and she was responsive to text. Made my way up all the way to Banyo to a private residents. First thing I noticed was that there were 2 cars parked in the drive way which means it's obvious other people live there too. She opened up her sliding door and greeted me. She seems like a nice girl and gets me to Come inside. The tv was left on in the lounge room so I suspect she's not the only person in the house. I hand her over $70 for half hour and gets me to lie nude on her bed.   

She starts off the massage and I gotta say it was predy darn good... I really enjoyed it, so much I almost fell asleep. She has obviously had some sort of training to give a nice enjoyable rub like that. Unfortunately the teasing wasn't so good as it was simply some erotic touches to my nuts which was just enough to get me semi hard. On the flip she lets me play with her fake boobies and ass while she jerks me off and I gotta be honest even tho her teasing was a lil boring she gives an incredible bj. She was very impressed on how rock hard I was and didn't take me long to finish up.   Afterwards she gave me a relaxing hand massage and head massage then I was off.

 Overall it was an enjoyable session but unsure if it's worth coming back since she lives so far from me. If she moved closer I probably would return However atm I'd prob rather see Jenny instead simply because she's more vfm and closer to home. Look wise tho patty is more attractive because she is younger.. I asked about extras and she told me she would do cbj for an extra $50. It was tempting however I asked if she would do it bare back and she said no.   

Attitude 8/10
Massage 9/10
 Body 7/10 
Face 6/10 
Teasing 5/10 
Hj Ending 9/10


