Thread Title: Pleasure - Kingston - Locanto or BP reply only
Floor: #1
Post Time: 2nd June 2015, 05:04 PM
Poster ID: chief
Post Title: 
 Pleasure - Kingston - Locanto or BP reply only
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Pleasure

Establishment : Kingston

Date of Visit : 28 May 15

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Locanto http://qld.locanto.com.au/ID_4171611...sual-male.html

Prostate massage for the health conscious 40 plus male - 49

Bondassage massage for the 40 plus KINKY male - 49

Hours of Business : M - F from 5pm / Sat from 2pm / Sun 6am - 8pm

Rates : Hour Tantric Massage …$120.00 90 Min Tantric Massage ....$160.00 2 Hour Tantric Massage ... $210.00 / Prostate Massage in the Tantric Massage, please add an extra $30.00.

           Standard - 1 Hour Bondassage Session - $180.00 Deluxe - 1.5 Hour Bondassage Session -$250.00 Decadent - 2 Hour Bondassage Session - $300.00 Ultra Indulgent - 3 Hour Bondassage - $400.00

Age : 40

Size/shape : 167cm, size 10

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : Tantric Massage, Bondassage, Prostate Massage

Value for money/recommend? : Yes


I have heard about Tantric Massages, so I thought I'll give it a go for an hour. You have to contact her through her add in Locanto. She will send you more information on her services. Remember, this is massage service only. She does not provide full service nor do oral. She massages with her hands only. Touching is allowed at her discretion, but Groping will not be tolerated.

You have to remember there many different types of Tantric massage. It was a very good massage, like she said "Your whole body will be celebrated and NOTHING will escape attention. The purpose is to gradually “edge” you to your optimum ejaculation fusion point, again and again, building sexual energy to allow a really intense orgasm." 

She massages you first, all over, the she climbs onto the table and seats under your legs so she can massage your member and balls. She builds you up to orgasm, but gets you to tell her when you are about to come. She'll do this three or four times and makes your come. Boy, it was intense too. After the hour massage, she then has a 15 minutes period for a calming rub down or what she calls “After care “.

I enjoyed the massage and will be going back.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 2nd June 2015, 11:24 PM
Poster ID: niteowl
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks for the review chief. I myself have been playing email tennis with pleasure for over a year and I have not been able to line up my times with hers. I've always had her in the back of my kind to go visit one day, because the email reply she sends after the initial locanto contact sounds like just what I'm looking for in an erotic massage. Sounds like the service lives up to the description, so I want to go even more now.  Thanks for including such detail in the availability times. That's where I've always come unstuck in the past, so now at least I have a reference point, although I do know from experience that pleasure tends to change her work hours from time to time.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 3rd June 2015, 05:00 PM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Pleasure's Locanto ad,






Tantric or Bondassage Massage for the 40 plus sensual male - 49

A Tantric Massage celebration is a very sensual, full body experience, which will delight your body & relax your mind.
It will make you feel as if you are in a trance where physical boundaries dissolves, time disappears, worries & problems no longer seem important.
Your whole body will be celebrated and NOTHING will escape attention. The purpose is to gradually “edge” you to your optimum ejaculation fusion point, again and again, building sexual energy to allow a really intense orgasm, that creates a balance and putting everything into perspective.

If you are wanting to learn how to receive, or distress, then this massage is for you.

The massage takes time and I will not be rushed. Please allow approx. 60 mins for the massage & 10 mins for the calming rub down or what I call “After care “.


Erotic, sensual Bondassage for the kinky male
Bondassage is the ultimate indulgent, kinky massage. This type of massage is perfect for those who are seeking something different, and would like to explore their sexual side in a safe environment. It’s an introduction to the lighter side of BDSM, and introduces you to sensation exploration and bondage without the harshness of the traditional BDSM domination.

If you are seeking something a little different from the normal erotic massage, then this massage is for you. How adventurous are you ??

I am Australian, 167cm, size 10, long brown hair, attractive. I ensure that all my guests feel welcomed & wanted .

I am a Certified Bondassage Practitioner, Certified in Relaxation massage, Certified Deep Tissue 2, 3, 4, & 5. You are in safe hands .

If you would like more information regarding rates/trading hours, please message me & include an email address in your message.

I look forward to hearing from you.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 3rd June 2015, 05:03 PM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
wtf is bondassage ?

Kennedy Worldwide - Nuru Massage NYC, Body Slide NYC, Bodyrub NYC





			
				WHAT'S BONDASSAGE®



I know what you're thinking. “ I’m not into BDSM and I'm no one's pain slut”.  Well erase those thoughts from your mind and get ready for the new normal. Bondassage is where "sensory deprivation meets overstimulation" Your pleasure over pain will always be my #1 priority.





I'm pretty sure that when you hear the word "Bondassage" one thing comes to mind? Bondage and Massage. Well you're correct in part. However Bondassge is so much more than being restrained to a table and blindfolded. ( Anyone can do that ) Imagine visiting a place where there is only a singular purpose in mind? Your erotic pleasures! Taking you out of your comfort level and adding to your experience, only means one thing? No more living in a box! In private you will feel free to express your submissive side, your sensual side and to unleash the dragon! I know you've been yearning to let go, to give control to someone like me.  No humiliation, only built up anticipation. This is some good shit! My Bondassage play room is non-judgmental and my treasure chest is by far intimidating. e.g. Fur cuffs, collars, floggers, things that vibrate and sounds of pleasure. This is an intro to S&M. Think of it as kinky foreplay. My clientele are men and women that are citizens of the world, jetsetters, decision makers, movers and shakers. They need me for their sanity, you need me for your sanity. We can all use a little Bondassage in our lives.



                                                          ~KennedyWorldwide


