Thread Title: Private Thai - Southport - 0434 306 500
Floor: #1
Post Time: 2nd April 2014, 01:22 PM
Poster ID: caybee
Post Title: 
 Private Thai - Southport - 0434 306 500
				
Post Content: 
Name:  Didn't get... sorry.

Establishment:  Private house. Chirn Park Area.

Date of visit:  26.Mar.2014.

Contact details:  Ph.0434 306500. 

Hrs:  9am till ??.

Rates:  $50:00 Hr. (incl)

Age:  40+.

Size/Shape:  Size 8. 'c' cup.

Nationality:  Thai.

Service provided: Massage, HE.

Value/recommend:  Ok./Only just recommend.


Once again headed out with my punting hat on. I had seen this lady quite some time ago and thought I'd give her another go. Sorry, I didn't get her name then and forgot to ask this time as well; but probably doesn't matter as she is the only lady working there and  lives on the premises with her husband, who is normally in the lounge area while his wife does her thing.(I would guess he is in his early 70's)
Anyway rocked up at the agreed time and was met at the door by a very friendly fox terrier. Was ushered upstairs and into the massage room.The room is smallish with a lot of clean towels stacked on a side table(good sign). Was told to undress and mount the table (she stayed in the room while I undressed). The massage commenced, it wasn't your typical Thai hard massage,more a firm style massage which I didn't mind at all. What I found strange was, at about the 15min mark she asked if I wanted the HE done then: of corse I declined, and said I would prefer to wait till the end, after a bit more erotic play. This didn't worry her and she continued with the massage. After the turn she massaged my front with a bit of tackle touching while doing my legs and stomach; after a while the frequency of the touching increased to more of a rubbing technique,not a gentle tickle and tease. She then started on the pull, this wasn't having the desired effect and I indicated we might end it there for obvious reasons, she would have no part of it and was gently trying to push me back into a lying position (I was sitting up at this stage) at the same time rubbing my(slowly hardening) old fella, I decided to stay and tried to rub her pussy, no go,said she had the curse,(I'm sure these ML's are in a perpetual state of menstruation) anyway, I managed to get her tits out and had a good play and suck on her nice largish nipples, this got the attention of Caybee jnr and he was standing to attention in no time, so she proceeded with the tug till the inevitable happened.. Got cleaned up, paid up and left. Said goodbye to hubby on the way out,and was seen to the door by the dog. 
Not the worst I've had by a long shot. But probably wouldn't return any time soon (even though she is close to home) as there are others out there I would like to try..


