Thread Title: Ranna - Brisbane -0480 239 710
Floor: #1
Post Time: 16th April 2020, 09:35 PM
Poster ID: Jcrossover
Post Title: 
 Ranna - Brisbane -0480 239 710
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Rana

Establishment : 

Date of Visit : 19/2/20

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.escortsandbabes.com.au/P...dent/Ranna-69/

Phone : 0480239710

Hours of Business : by appointment only 

Rates : 100 for half hour $300 for an hour

Age : late 20s

Size/shape : 10 w/ G cup, hour glass

Nationality or Ethnicity : Mixed Asian

Services Provided : massage bodyslides and spanish CBJ or  BBBJ if you lucky.

Value for money/recommend? :  Yes, I will return soon

My experience/comments : I don't usually see asian W/L, got an itch during lunch saw her photos with G cup breast could not help myself but make an appointment. Fast response, exchanged a few text.
Once I arrived door open, Rana was so pretty those photo do not do her justice. She is way better looking in person. Sort out the money booked her for an hour. I couldn't stop looking at her nice big rack so whatever she said I just picked package number 1 and paid extra $20 for CBJ she helped me into the shower. Then she came in naked to surprise me. Little bit of standing bodyslides then she got on her knees carefully washed my crown jewel.  Bit of light kissing from my knee upwards. Just licking on my shaft without taking the tip in so is not BBBJ or CBJ at this point .

Straight to the bed, she worked on my back and treated me like a king. I fell asleep for maybe 15 to 20 mins. Then she started to wake me up by placing her G cup or maybe GG cup into my palm ( I am not a professional fitter but her tits were big and natural ). Then she started to slide up and down my body with her second pair of hands ( G cup ). On the flip I could not believe my eyes ( it was almost like Kathy Perry Tits ).
After a few minutes I was rock hard by this time, she started to put my buddy between her G cup tits. Then I have to stop her before I lost my load. She put the dom on without using hand... She sucked like a vacuum, then she switch to 69....then she offered me to stand on the edge of the bed. I did not know what she wanted to do.
Then she put her head on the edge of the bed and offered me to fuck her face. I was very occupied to play with her G cups and play with her pussy while I was fucking her face. ( I tried not to hurt her, so I told her to tap out if she need to breath). Which she eventually did. After some more face fucking I blowed my load with the dom on deep in her throat. 
Then here it comes the twist, she said today is my lucky day and she really into my abs ..... she took the dom off cleaned me up with some wet tissues and started licking bottom of my cock while I was still standing. I returned the favour by continue to massage her tits and pussy. Her tongue was so amazing I got super hard again. After a few minutes I blew another load between those massive tits maybe it get to her tummy too.
At this point I was so tired. I lay down and she massaged my feet I felt a sleep again.....maybe a few minutes to 20 minutes later I woke up with her tits on my legs. I couldn't go another round as I may have to save some loads for home so I declined. Rana said she will look after me if i return. SURE thing.

After all looked at my watch once I got back in my car.... Damn I stayed for 1.5 hours...lucky my work was clear for this afternoon.

Good luck punters look after her and stay safe ...


