Thread Title: Renee & friends - Broadbeach - 0426 567 738
Floor: #1
Post Time: 20th September 2013, 09:36 AM
Poster ID: gcmale
Post Title: 
 Renee & friends - Broadbeach - 0426 567 738
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Renee and friends

Establishment : private

Date of Visit : 19.9.13

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0426 567 738 on gumtree

Hours of Business : not sure

Rates : $100 for hour

Age : 20s, 40s, 50s

Size/shape : big, slim, medium

Nationality or Ethnicity : indian, Aussie, aussie with crazy accent on phone

Services Provided : massage with hand relief

Value for money/recommend? : no, but it was a crazy 45 minutes!

My experience/comments : Saw the ad on Gumtree whilst looking for an unassociated service, and rang to be answered by a very odd, put on accent from what could only be described as a very strange lady.  She was very evasive about prices and services but i hung in there! through two different accents, and pretend talking to someone else, i finally ended up getting some prices but no descriptions, and said I would come over to there place in broadbeach, as I knew the building and it was an ok and discreet place. The offer was 4 hand for 1 hour for $100.

I roll up and call from out the front, only to be told its next door, in the worst, oldest and most likely dirtiest little duplex in broadbeach.  Anyways, in for a penny, in for a pound, so i get to the open door and just waltz right in as i was told to do to see what i would say is 3 ladies, all who have seen better days.  The indian lady was in charge of showering, and was helping some other punter with that whilst the eldest, now established as the phone answerer, saw me through to a room with a massage table, being hurriedly made up by by another lady, in a lab coat.I kid you not, this was crazy town, population 3 + me!

Into the shower, the indian lady, who i have been informed has no English, gives me a back wash, and leads me back to the room where i check my wallet and phone, because here, well, who knows.  All is good so onto the table, labcoat and the Indian lady get to work on my head, back and legs, whilst the eldest comes in has a chat and gets in on the rubbing action.  Oil is going everywhere, I am trying not to piss myself laughing about the situation, as the6 hand massage continues for about ten minutes. there fingers and hands are going everywhere, and I mean everywhere, until the Indian lady dissapears, then its back to four hands, for about another 10 minutes of the strangest massage i have ever had.

The labcoat lady disappears into cloud of thin air, and the eldest one, who hasn't stopped talking tells me to turn over darlingk! Now it gets strange, she covers my face, probably for my protection, and then gets to work, like a crazed woman, this goes on for about 10 minutes until its all over and i get back into the shower whilst another gent goes to take my place.

i still don't know what to think, but like the soldier who throws himself on the grenade, and lives to tell the tale, it probably wasn't a good idea, but at least you have something to tell the grandkids about...


Floor: #2
Post Time: 20th September 2013, 09:55 AM
Poster ID: gcme
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
hey mate are these the ones next door to the coffee shop ??? if so yeah  went around but threw a u turn and got the hell out.....lol


Floor: #3
Post Time: 20th September 2013, 12:13 PM
Poster ID: gcmale
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
They sure are, and that was a good call!


Floor: #4
Post Time: 20th September 2013, 12:22 PM
Poster ID: jilamint
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
That's what I call taking one for the team.  Great work!


Floor: #5
Post Time: 20th September 2013, 12:53 PM
Poster ID: aviator1300
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
gcmale, you deserve a medal for this one.  I'll be up that way in November and be sure to give it a miss. Hopefully will have better luck.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 20th September 2013, 02:36 PM
Poster ID: wingmanstinson
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
In desperate want of some kind of relief, I saw this ad on Locanto yesterday and gave the number I call. Soon realizing who I was dealing with being the aussie with the accent, a lady who i had once seen for a tantric massage (which was initally good, the next time was cringe worthy), as soon as I discovered who it was I played it calm and said I might call her back after dinner. 

These ladies are very good in the game of deceit, very sorry that you had to endure such an experience, gcmale!


Floor: #7
Post Time: 1st October 2013, 08:11 AM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by wingmanstinson


In desperate want of some kind of relief, I saw this ad on Locanto yesterday and gave the number I call ...
"""



Here's the Locanto ad,

"Come To Us Or We Will Come To You.

The Best Massage at the Best Price and the Most Fun
on the Gold Coast.

For a Delicious Mouth Watering Fun Time Massage.

Call Us, YOU WILL LOVE THIS. IT'S FUN.

For Bookings Please Give Us A Phone Call.

0426 567 738"


