Thread Title: Safiya - Mermaid Waters - 0403 217 759
Floor: #1
Post Time: 29th March 2017, 11:02 AM
Poster ID: wingmanstinson
Post Title: 
 Safiya - Mermaid Waters - 0403 217 759
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Safiya

Establishment : Private House (but probably not hers)

Date of Visit : Feb 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0403217759 - https://www.gumtree.com.au/s-view-de...dId=1130561389

Hours of Business : Dunno

Rates : $60 for 45 mins

Age : Maybe in 50's or 60's who knows

Size/shape : FAT but great tits

Nationality or Ethnicity : Islander of some sort

Services Provided : Weird Ass Massage with Relief

Value for money/recommend? : There may be value for money but it is definitely not recommended. 

My experience/comments : 

Before heading off to Melbourne I made the stupid mistake of looking on Gumtree for a massage. In my experience from the thousands of massage ads on gumtree only 4 of them have actually been open to sensual massages. Sidenote : if you know anyone advertising on Gumtree please let me know.

So found this lady advertising and her texts were prompt and she was open to a HJ. 

Cutting short this review - I ended up at her unit in a complex - the unit was not a dump but it did need a bit of love and definitely a makeover.

What greeted me was nothing short then a gross lady in a maxi dress. Now instinct would have told me to leave however there was male presence in the vicinity and I thought better safe then sorry so with that in for a penny in for a pound.

Now the massage wasn't too bad however she used too much oil and she was obsessed with my feet and ended up giving me the male equivalent of a pedicure with a device one would only ever use on a female's feet. 

This lady clearly had health problems as she couldn't stand up during the massage.

Putting me out of my misery I was asked to turn over soon enough and it was time for the HJ which was surprisingly good whilst she gave me access to her massive tits.

Now in the start of the template I inferred that the unit may not be hers - after a continual reassurance that I could use her shower she then informed me that her roomie was not comfortable with me using her shower which I was not happy about but oh well shit happens.

TLDR: Great Tits, Terrible Face Terrible Body - but cheap


