Thread Title: Sensual rub - labrador - 0497 079 430
Floor: #1
Post Time: 9th March 2014, 07:48 PM
Poster ID: wingmanstinson
Post Title: 
 Sensual rub - labrador - 0497 079 430
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jade

Establishment : Private Unit in Labrador / Just Across from the Grand Hotel.

Date of Visit : Saturday 8 March 2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0497 079 430 - Want to be pampered and relaxed by a beautiful lady in complete privacy. Broadwater. Booking essential. Ph: 5591 6154 or 0497 079 430

Hours of Business : Dunno

Rates : $80 / 120 / 160 ---- 30 mins / 45 mins / 60 mins

Age : Late 20's

Size/shape : Fit and Athletic 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Potentially Kiwi judging her tanned skin but couldnt pin the accent.

Services Provided : "SENSUAL RUB" apparently. 

Value for money/recommend? : No / NO

My experience/comments : 

For those that know me, they would know, in my profession, I don't charge my clientele by the service I offer but for the time it takes to provide the service. Accordingly Time is the single most important thing, even when it's the weekend. As someone that has built a relationship for taking one for the team, I figured I might as well use more of my time and write this quasi - review. Now you are asking? What actually happened? Well here is the condensed version.  

Part 1 - Spend most of the day trying to get a hold of this girl to figure out what she does. 

Part 2 - Finally picks up the phone and accuses me of having already talked to her / finally gives me her deets and says its a sensual rub but stays clothed for it. Gives me her pricing. 

Part 3 - Wing arranges for half an hour and figures what the hell it can't be that bad. 

Part 4 - Drive out to Labrador, get there knock on the door and invited in. 

Part 5 - She sits me on a futon and asks me what exactly I was after. Politely tell her I was after a nice sensual massage with a nicer finish. Asks what that means - I end up elaborating about A handjob. 

Part 6 - Tells me she doesn't feel comfortable doing that - Doesn't even feel comfortable with DIY. 

Part 7 - Says its a sensual massage not a sexual massage. I then tell her that she was advertising in Adult Relaxation. 

Part 8 - I politely leave and end up late for poker. 

Part 9 - I complain on AUXXXREVIEWS and warn fellow punters about this. 


Obviously I'm pretty disappointed but I guess shit like this can happen from time to time but not once has something like this happened. She was pretty enough but she was clearly from Victoria or another nanny state where even shit like this would be illegal. Now I know some of you might be of the view that she was just not wanting police attention and was not wanting to solicit anything but yeah she has her law very mixed up or she is overpricing her therapeutic massage by a country mile. 

Fellas, you've been warned.


