Thread Title: Sh1, 1488 Gold Coast Hwy, Palm Beach - 07 5535 8818
Floor: #1
Post Time: 19th February 2013, 09:45 PM
Poster ID: mlj156
Post Title: 
 Sh1, 1488 Gold Coast Hwy, Palm Beach - 07 5535 8818
				
Post Content: 
[I]Person's Name : Annie]

Establishment : HQ massage, I believe it is one of 2 operated by the same owner, the other one is at miami. I know this because the same "head lady" was at this one, she greeted me as I arrived, whereas once before she took my HE money as I was leaving the miami establishment.

Date of Visit : 01/02/13

Contact Details/Address/Weblink 07) 5535 8818 

Hours of Business :8am - 7.30pm im sure they run later

Rates : 60mins / $60 HE is $20 extra

Age : 24..ish

Size/shape : 8 ...skinny taiwanese girl with big glasses

Nationality or Ethnicity : taiwanese

Services Provided : Clothed massage (had to ask about HE before I was told about it etc, I'll tell you in the discription.

Value for money/recommend? : maybe if you get a better one than I did

My experience/comments : Had the day off due to rain and after doing some chores at home, decided to take a punt at an establishment I hadn't yet gone to.

got there about 11am, it is a tidy little shop with glass windows either side of the old shop door, looks like it could have been a little arty type of shop once before. 

I was greeted by the head lady probably in her early 40s, but in great shape, she directed me into the room on the right of the door, (probably 1 of 5 or 6 rooms) I paid my $60 for the hour and then got my gear off and lay down)

shortly after, a falrly skinny korean girl entered the room (by no means what I would call attractive and with huge glasses) and started massaging me with not enough oil, I could feel her dry hands rubbing me, from the outset I felt she had never done much massaging and after asking her, she told me that she has only been doing it a month and only been in the country for about 2, great 

I will admit it was relaxing, initially before asking her about her massage experience,  I thought it may have been some other sort of less conventional style of massage. After I asked I knew for sure she had little idea other then probably some basic training given to her by the head mama-san.

I even had to ask her if she was going to do my whole body (legs etc) when after what seemed like over half an hour, she was still stuffing around with my back etc.

Once it was over, the chief came back in and asked if it was ok, i said "yeah it was ok" she asked me if i would like to try another girl and I said yeah, to which she herself came back in and started massage my legs while I was belly up.

She started massaging me properly, with a good amount of oil, all the way up to my ball bag and it was only a matter of say, a minute and I was rock hard and horny as! 

at that point I asked about her services, she then went on and told me that she does HE only, with clothes on and no full service etc, but she has girls that will do massage naked through to full service etc and gave me the names of them, including nationalities etc, which I promptly forgot.

Somewhere in between my hard on appearing and that speel ending, her hands had moved from my legs to my 3rd leg (ok its not that big but it felt pretty bloody good!) I was getting a ripper of a handjob, a couple of minutes later a blew a good load, most of which went over the left shoulder! 

I got a wipe down with a nice hot towel, paid the balance put the sunnies on and made a bee line for the car!

To sum it up:  massage was shite 3/10, although other girls might be better, If you go here I recommend you don't be shy and have a good conversation with the owner on the phone or at the shop, so you don't end up having a lousy punt

HE: beauty of a happy ending 8/10

Would I go there again? hmmm probably after having a good chat on the phone to jot my memory of what she told me about her other workers etc.!


Floor: #2
Post Time: 7th March 2013, 12:36 PM
Poster ID: friskyrabbit
Post Title: 
 1488 GC Highway Palm BEach
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Bessi (That's what it sounded like)

Establishment : HQ Massage

Date of Visit : 4/03/2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 1488 Gold Coast Hwy, Palm Beach - 07 5535 8818 

Hours of Business : 8am - 7.30pm

Rates : $40 30 min $50 45 min + $20 HE

Age : early twenties

Size/shape : slim, young nice looking

Nationality or Ethnicity : asian

Services Provided : Massage + HE

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : Decided to give this place a try after the review above, and liked the idea of an enclosed room.  It's at the northern end of palm beach near talle creek and has parking out front or in surrounding streets.  Just be aware that like other similiar joints you will be visible to the whole gold coast highway when entering/exiting.  Anyway went in and was met by two girls both young and attractive, one took me to a room and then asked me to undress whilst she went out.  She came back in and positioned the towel over my rear for dignity reasons (not that I asked) and then asked how hard to do the massage.  I generally always say hard and she was quite good, they always get extra points when they climb up on the table and put in a good effort.  After about 25 minutes she asks me to turn over and suggests for the last 5 minutes she works on any trouble areas I need massaged.  I make an obvious suggestion (surely I can't be the first) and for an extra $20 receive a very good hj.  I thought it was good in that she took it slow as sometimes they tend to go full on to make you blow as quick as possible, I also hate when they squeeze you really hard after the event to get out every last drop but she was very gentle. 

This probably needs to be moved to the massage shop section instead of the private  massage section too.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 9th April 2013, 12:50 PM
Poster ID: Hammered
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I went to this place when I was working on the Goldie a week or so ago.

Got massaged by a Thai lady named Goy(Goi). Started off with a fantastic back walking massage and the pressure of her hands when she finished walking was brilliant. I had to inquire about a wristy, but it was no problem for $20 extra. All in all, a great massage with a very happy ending. No other extras are on offer from her despite waving more $$$ in front of her.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 9th April 2013, 09:53 PM
Poster ID: gccomputerguy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
[I]Person's Name : Not Sure

Establishment : HQ massage, 

Date of Visit : 26/03/13

Contact Details/Address/Weblink 07) 5535 8818

Hours of Business :8am - 7.30pm im sure they run later

Rates : 45mins / $45 HE is $20 extra

Age : 24..ish

Size/shape : 8 ...skinny taiwanese girl with big glasses

Nationality or Ethnicity : taiwanese

Services Provided : Clothed massage

Value for money/recommend? : Pretty Good

My experience/comments : 
I'm pretty sure I had the same girl as MLJ. But she must have got a whole lot better. Massage was firm just the way I like it. A bit of tackle tickle and on rolling over she wasn't straight onto it. She teased a bit massaging my legs and thighs, then my nuts. Finally she grabbed my cock and then moved between it and rubbing my oiled up ball bag. It was one of the better HJ I've gotten. Blew my load and she fondaled me for a bit, before cleaning me up. All in all a great experience.

The only think I could mark them down on was while I was in there, there was a dissagreement between the owner and a previous worker over wages owed. The worker sounded pommy, possibly a backpacker. So spewing I didn't visit earlier and get to try her out.


