Thread Title: Sharon - Southport - 0434 381 432
Floor: #1
Post Time: 3rd February 2015, 03:03 PM
Poster ID: wingmanstinson
Post Title: 
 Sharon - Southport - 0434 381 432
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sharon

Establishment : Private House in Southport

Date of Visit : 01 February 2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0434 381 432 

Hours of Business : Varies immensely

Rates : 150 / hour

Age : mid 40's maybe older

Size/shape : Size 12-14 with D cups

Nationality or Ethnicity : Kiwi but has a bit of an english tongue to her

Services Provided : RNT

Value for money/recommend? : Yes / Yes

My experience/comments : 

Have seen this ladies ads up for a while under the name "Blondie". Being very desperate on a thursday arvo I called her and was greeted by a lovely part english accent lady with a stunning phone manner. She informed me she was booked out for the rest of the night but would text me later on if she had any cancellations. She eventually did text me but her availability was at 10 and I was wanting to be in bed by that stage before a crazy weekend in sydney. I told her I would let her know when I'm back and fast forward to Sunday. 

On the way to Sydney airport let her know I was back on the Coast and when she'd next be free. Lo and behold she could see me that evening to my pleasant surprise. 

Got to her street and did the usual phone call to get the number. Drove to her street and realised that her place was not the kind of place you'd really want to be seen entering into, however I could always turn around when I needed to. I eventually knocked on her door to be greeted by a mature caucasian lady in a nice black dress where you could she wasn't a skinny mini. Nonetheless she was fairly pretty for her age and her lipstick sealed the deal. She soon took her dress off revealing a matching bra and g-string set of which the bra was next to go.

I was greeted to a cordoned part of her living room where she performs her massage. What followed was a brief period of proper massage which was quite enjoyable before some massaging of my scalp and then a soft massage all over including the tackle before turing over to see her bending over slowly taking off her g-string. 

A few sensous strokes of my front before the piece de resistance. Her tug was lovely and I truly enjoyed my time with her. I felt as though the initial session was a bit rushed but we had a lovely conversation and after I gave her a bit of a massage after my shower and I was there eventually for a solid 85 mins.

Now, I was receipt of a few small things but this is truly a YMMV situation with her as she confessed she did feel a bit of a connection with me, so I won't divulge everything here as it wouldn't be fair to anyone especially if you wanted to go and receive the same services.

Enjoy.


