Thread Title: Shekerah - Southport - 0455 141 041
Floor: #1
Post Time: 18th December 2013, 02:50 PM
Poster ID: wingmanstinson
Post Title: 
 Shekerah - Southport - 0455 141 041
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Shekeerah

Establishment : Private Granny Flat Off House near Southport High School (Smith Street)

Date of Visit : 11 December 2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0455 141 041, Advertises on Locanto and Cracker everynow and then. No Link available atm though. 

Hours of Business : Weekdays 9-2

Rates : 80 / 30mins or 140 / hour or 150 per half hour (FS)

Age : Mid 40's

Size/shape : Fairly Slim, Nice Ass, Small handful of titties

Nationality or Ethnicity : Cauc

Services Provided : RNT

Value for money/recommend? : Yes / Yes

My experience/comments : 

So for those that have been able to read through the lines of late, the Gold Coast just hasn't been able to live up to the reputation inferred by the name, and with my favourite girl on leave and with limited work availability, lining up acceptable punts can just get too burdensome. Even with the few that are good, I don't always have the burning desire to shelve out $200 a pop to see Brigitte (Although she is quality, I will admit that). 

I had previously seen Shekeerah's ad on Cracker and Locanto in September however, her timing was never really going to help me. Alas, a day of sick leave came about, so a call to Shekeerah testing the waters was on the cards. After my usual interogation, all things seemed clear and it seemed like I was actually dealing with someone who would be able to massage. Said interogation was followed by the sombre thought of our work hours clashing, however, she did say, with enough notice, some fun times could be hard. 

Waking up for another shit day of work, It was time to give that notice and after a few texts back and forth, everything was sorted with the only thing I would be needing was her street number as I approached her street. After some initial confusion as to where the house actually was in relation to my car, Shekeerah was able to lead me through to her entry to which she showed me to a granny flat style situation at the back of this house, where she had a nice massage table with some dim light and soft music already flowing. Having already had a glass of wine and a fag, Shekeerah kindly offered me a beer, however, I declined. 

Shekeerah is about mid 40's, short blonde hair, an pert ass and small boobs with an okay face (teeth could use some work). Upon dressing into the Emperor's New Clothes, I was on the table and Shekeerah soon commenced an extremely competent therapeutic massage. Shekeerah knows what she is doing and confided in me that she use to do remedial work before her shoulder gave up. Also for those punters wanting to escape the smelly and sticky confines of massage oil, a water based oil was used here. Whilst enjoyable, my back was not prone to any sensual touch but this was all forgotten when I was asked to roll over. Shekeerah then continued the massage but allowed me digital entry to her end zone which was well enjoying the penetration. 

A solid 20 minutes of tugging, rubbing, fingering and DFK'ing and I was spent. Although not the best lookers, She knew how to get the eroticism in the session and clearly her experience has paid off. Although I would without hesitation retain her massage service, not sure if she would be worth the 300 / hour price tag for full service especially considering the service is done on the smallest of mattresses within the same room as the massage table. 

After showering and finally donning some street worthy attire, I was finally out with one last kiss from Shekeerah and just like that, the night was well spent (and yes the full time was used just in case you're wondering). With time difficulties being erased I could happily see Shekeerah every now and then, the only difficulty is time and the fact that I just don't know for how long she will continue to be in this industry (as is the case with a lot of gc girls from my experience). 

Enjoy guys


