Thread Title: Sherry - New Farm - 0481 161 227
Floor: #1
Post Time: 22nd March 2014, 07:48 PM
Poster ID: diono
Post Title: 
 Sherry - New Farm - 0481 161 227
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sherry

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : January 2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : [COLOR=#5A5A5A]http://www.escortsandbabes.com.au/Profile/Exoticsherry/QLD.aspx[/COLOR]

Hours of Business : By appointment

Rates : $200 / hour

Age : mid 20s

Size/shape : Athletic / toned

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian / Asian mix

Services Provided : Sensual massage

Value for money/recommend? : Yes!

My experience/comments :  As I may have mentioned before, and as Sherry clearly states on her ads, she has a hint of Asian in her background which gives her a striking exotic look, but once your hear her broad Aussie accent you know this is not a visiting student looking for a quick buck. I found Sherry's service was fantastic, great on the phone and very professional in the session - excellent massage technique and up-front with any questions, etc. Sherry was also a delight to talk with during the session, we really seemed to click and I got the sense that Sherry was the type of personality that anyone could get along with. Photos are real, in fact I think she is not done justice in the pics on E&B, trim and tight body. Great technique at the end, lots of touching available. 
A couple of things that are worth noting: there is no shower available but Sherry does an excellent job cleaning up with a hot towel, the price is high for straight RnT and it can be a bit too long on the front which leaves little time for the more fun part of the massage after the flip.

Sherry has a YMMV touching policy as far as I can tell - I asked politely what her boundaries were and she seemed to indicate that respectful touching was welcome.... again, read in to that what you will, and I did just that. However, my first time visiting Sherry I kept things as respectful as I could manage in my heightened state of arousal - there were no smacks so I guess it was ok. Since then I have visited a few times and always stayed within her bounds, but we have reached a comfortable agreement of what is allowed.

As we 'flipped' fairly late in the hour booking Sherry was 'on the job' fairly quickly after I turned over. I'm not normally a fan of that technique, it feels rushed even if the rest of the session was nicely relaxed. I asked her to slow down and we continued a bit of sensual stroking (both of us) for a few more minutes and Sherry skillfully moved her attention slowly back to my centre of attention. Technique was pretty good, I have experienced better but rarely. On this occasion I was slow-ish to come to the party and Sherry didn't do that thing where you can tell she is bored/tired/annoyed so that was appreciated... it was just that some ladies are better at enticing a reaction when clearly things need a bit more encouragement. To be fair that was a nice bit of cupping and inner thigh work, plus a bit of lean down boob teasing to keep things interesting but it was mostly just hand pumping (yep, as an exclusive RnT guy I'm fussy with the actual 'nT' part of the session).


Floor: #2
Post Time: 23rd March 2014, 06:23 AM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by diono


Person's Name : Sherry

Establishment : Private
.

"""



Thank you for your review diono.

Good review.

Sherry's E&B profile has expired but she's an extesive advertiser (also reviewed on this forum),

Sherry- New Farm - Brisbane | Escort / adult | Erotic | Cracker

Sherry at New Farm- Sensual and therapeutic.

This is the Locanto ad,

"Sherry at New Farm- Sensual and therapeutic. - 24

Hey guys,

I'm Sherry, a 24 year old Aussie girl, but I have an Asian background so I have that exotic look. I am about 170cm tall, B cup, naturally tanned skin & smooth all over, & no tattoos.

I have a diploma in this field, and I am offering sensual relaxation/therapeutic only, so NO FULL SERVICE at all.

I am working in New Farm now from my new place, so the address will be given upon appointment 

Please call instead of text as I get back logged sometimes, and blocked numbers won't be answered.


I am a happy fun girl, love to have a laugh & make you feel amazing during and at the end. I think I provide the best quality service around & it shows in my work. I'm sure you will like the view as well 

Call me
0481161227
Sherry"


Floor: #3
Post Time: 18th January 2016, 10:40 AM
Poster ID: gone_surfing1977
Post Title: 
 Sherry - New Farm - 0481 161 227
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name Sherry

Establishment :Apartment, New Farm 

Date of Visit : 15/01/2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink http://brisbane.locanto.com.au/ID_65...Qualified.html 

Hours of Business : 9am till 5pm 

Rates : $100 half hour

Age :25-30 

Size/shape : B cup, curvy size 8-10

Nationality or Ethnicity :Australia / Asian Mix

Services Provided :Massage

Value for money/recommend? :Yes

My experience/comments :

Was looking&nbsp;for a massage with someone who could actually give a proper massage! Came across Sherry ad on locanto where she mentions is fully qualified in massage. Contacted her and after brief conversation (is Australian / Asian Mix but full Australia accent) booked in for 30 mins. Arrived and was greeted by Sherry naked except for little g string, good start.
Lied down on table and she proceeded to perform a firm remedial style massage which was fantastic. On the flip she took g string off to reveal nicely maintained kitty. Handjob technique was great and touching was encouraged. Would highly recommend.


