Thread Title: Sofia Sun - Private - 0435 723 185
Floor: #1
Post Time: 8th February 2015, 05:15 PM
Poster ID: hgry1
Post Title: 
 Sofia Sun - Private - 0435 723 185
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sofia (Sun)

Establishment : Private ML

Date of Visit : Jan 15

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Her website www.sofiasun.com.au is no longer up - Locanto ad is still around.

Hours of Business : sporadic 10.30am till whenever 

Rates : 250 hour

Age : late 20's

Size/shape : Lean Lithe German Blond Goddess - Model material - Tall lean probably c cups - athletic build.

Services Provided : Massage +

Value for money/recommend? : 

My experience/comments : 

Sofia has been providing her services for some time but intermittently. I saw the locanto ad over the holiday period and tried for an appt before xmas. Unfortunately - the txt ping pong that followed with Sofia only turning her work phone on intermittently and my other commitments saw it take a good 4-6 weeks before my actual visit. Note to plan ahead for any potential punters.

On arrival at her place I was met by the same "babe" I had previously lusted over some years ago in a simple pair of shorts and singlet. I cant describe how attractive she is - other than to simply say i dont think any hetero male would find her unattractive. She is simply a "babe", blonde fit and gorgeous 

After a friendly greeting and monetary matters she proceeded to nonchalantly strip off and asked me to strip off and lie face down and get comfortable. Sofia is a also a trained german physio with proper qualifications - so she knows what she is doing. If we were not both naked I would have thought I was being treated to an actual physio appointment - with my back, neck and all my limbs pushed and probed - legs stretched like a pretzel etc - I think you get the idea. There were no bodyslides here or anything suggestive as such for the first half hour.

Then with my body in a somewhat limber state the soft massage started and i was seduced. Flipping on to my back I took every opportunity to caress, kiss and nuzzle the dangling breasts in my face and and explore the lithe body draped over me while I was being assisted to release all my negative energy  This took some time but was well received at the end.

A quick shower and I was on my way feeling like a king.

Again its not a cheap experience but one I feel should be on your bucket list if the budget does not extend that far regularly.

Happy Punting.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 9th February 2015, 04:16 PM
Poster ID: seeking85
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
$250 a pop, wow.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 2nd December 2015, 03:20 PM
Poster ID: Benwaughfuxwhores
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
She was worth that 250. An update for the masses: Sofia is out of action again.


