Thread Title: Sonyya - Tugun - 0430 008 668
Floor: #1
Post Time: 19th March 2014, 09:40 PM
Poster ID: wingmanstinson
Post Title: 
 Sonyya - Tugun - 0430 008 668
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sonyya

Establishment : Private Townhouse in Tugun, close to John Flynn Hospital

Date of Visit : 12 March 2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : in the gc bulletin, 0430 008 668, balanced remedial relief, full body bliss; American body work; tantra; quality, Aussie. Mon-Sat, Tugun. Phone: 0430 008 668. 

Hours of Business : Business Hours, Monday - Saturday

Rates : 150 hour

Age : In her 50's

Size/shape : BBW with D cup tits, probably about a size 16 if I was to have a guess but not overly sure. 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : Nice relaxation massage with topless Hand Relief 

Value for money/recommend? : Yes  / Yes if you don't mind an older fuller figured lass. 

My experience/comments :

With the exception of Nicole in Mermaid Waters, most would know that I rarely see older women. The aesthetics are often a let down, and although mature for my age, we don't often connect. But in such tough times and not being offered with a hell of a lot of variety I turned my attention to the therapeutic section of the GC Bulletin's classifieds. Having seen the word tantra in her advertisement, i figured it might as well be worth sending a text through as I initially wasn't able to get through to her by way of a phone call. So with the stock standard text enquiring to see whether a sensual massage was provided, Sonyya sent me a text saying that she provides a gr8 full body massage for 100 bucks. Bingo I thought but it was time to call her. 

Having advertised in the therapeutics session, Sonyya is very aware of the legal requirements surrounding her advertisment and what she is allowed to say on the phone etc. And whilst I didn't know exactly what I was getting she assured me that it was a very relieving massage and she has regulars from Brisbane seeing her (although this is often used as a tactic by most). Having the day off with no real errands to do, i figured I might as well go for the drive and if she loooked like a smash crab, I would simply head to ye olde faitful Afterglow. 

After ringing for the address after arriving on the street, I finally ended up at Sonyya's door to be greeted by a welcoming mature but niced face rubanesque figured lady. Age gap aside it was looking the trip might have actually paid off. After getting to her designated massage room she explained what exactly her session included and that for an extra $50 she'll do the massage in her lingerie and go topless for the end. So i figured why not and for the first 50 minutes had a lovely back massage which was not overly sensual but not exactly physiotherapyesque. And if i ever needed something to get me in the mood the sight of a fuller figured lady wearing a nice bright red g-string in her bra was a nice visually pleasing aspect. I will say the body is not one that would belong to the typical gold coast girl, but her service more than made up for it . 

Turn over time and she actually took her time before going for the royal jewels to complete a beautiful nice tug that wasn't rushed in any way and she knew exactly what to do whilst happily listening to my feed back of what I like to be done . Adding to this, access to her beautiful breasts and her pussy lips made it all the more easier to cum  

After the flip Sonyya didn't just leave me but was more than happy to clean me up and provided me with a way to get my Chakra alligned especially considering the fact I was going into hospital at the end of the week.A shower where she helped me with my back was more than welcomely embraced by me, and soon enough I was at the Shell Express purchasing a can of V for the drive back home.  

Sonyya explained to me that a full body massage is voided if it is not relieving and she took it as a much more therapeutic approach as opposed to a sexual approach. Yes she is there to embrace the requests of her clients so will try to put on a sexy display but she is mainly about the therapeutic aspect of giving the  ending. 

I will end this review by saying that had I seen this girl a year earlier with a few more regulars available to me (including Cameron of Mermaid Beach and Cathy of Paradise Island) who were more local to me and younger than Sonyya, I would have said that Sonyya's service is a bit too overpriced, but considering the current market, I think Sonyya provides a good service at a market competitive price. She is not there to rush clients out of the door, and she treats each client with respect. So all in all, I will be back for more.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 24th January 2017, 10:02 PM
Poster ID: wingmanstinson
Post Title: 
 Sonyya - Tugun - Good Girl gone bad
				
Post Content: 
The details are all the same so I will not use the template as I will try to keep this short and sweet

I had arranged a new years eve massage with Sonyya as I was horny and it had been a long time between drinks with Sonyya. 

Unfortunately the massages I've come to love had disappeared and Sonyya's MO has changed immensely. 

Her massage was hard and not relaxing even after telling her to tone it down. There was no TT whatsoever during her massage until the very end. 

On the flip, she went at my cock like it was the Y2k bug and she had to solve the puzzle before it exploded. Even after telling her to slow it down she wouldn't relent. 

Within no less than 35 minutes of a one hour massage I had blown my load. Never had i been more annoyed about having cum. 

I showered and inquired about the lack of time to our massage and her response was that it would be an hour by the time I left. Even after our discussion about how she shortchanged me I was out of the door within 50 minutes.

For someone I've seen more than a handful of times, I was rather disappointed and left her townhouse rather pissed off. 

For someone that is old and fat and fails to provide a solid massage I hope you silent punters talk with your feet and leave her broke.

Sorry guy's I'm pissed off but this review had to be done.


