Floor: #1
Post Time: 25th June 2013, 03:07 PM
Poster ID: wingmanstinson
Post Title: 
 Sophie, formerly Chloe from Hicks St Massage (I think) - Southport - 0487 057 252 / 0456 190 866
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sophie (however the number comes up on here suggesting she once worked at Health Oriental Therapy in Hicks St, Southport)

Establishment : Private Unit, Southport Central

Date of Visit : 24 June 2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0487057252

Hours of Business : Not Sure

Rates : 40 half hour / 80 hour + 30 nude.

Age : mid to late 20's, but claims she is 22

Size/shape : size 10-12 with medium sized tits

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Massage plus hand relief

Value for money/recommend? : No / No

My experience/comments :

Now by this stage in my membership, the admin folk at this kind establishment must think "hell, either this guy lies about his reviews or he is an addict". I am the latter  Whilst I don't kiss and tell in my private life I value reviews that just need to be done. 

I first heard about Chloe in a thread for Health Oriental Therapy where Kapai indicated she had now gone private, so i thought, i might as well give it a shot as a few people had glowing reviews about her. So I made the phone call after work, and thought for 110 bucks, how bad can a nude massage be. She sent through the address details by text and I got cash and it was away we go. 

Going through to her nice apartment (its on the 17th floor so naturally going to have nice views), i Initially semi liked what I saw, the body was quite well kept and the face didn't resemble a Texas chain-saw massacre victim. Chloe then politely asked me to take my shoes off which i happily obliged to do so and led me into the room. Her set up is not overly homey to say the least and she has a really low single bed where the massage is conducted from. If only I took this is a warning and got out of there when I had the chance. 

So i got onto the bed (starkers, obviously) and she started what she termed as a massage. I opted for the non-oil massage as it seemed like she would not be too keen on having me use her shower. The next 50 minutes of my life could not have been any slower, she has no technique, and her routine is very repetitive and I am most definitely of the view that she has never been shown how to do a proper massage. She did work my balls a little bit, but even then this got boring and often predictable. During the message, she asked me lots of questions about my personal life, and naturally I wasn't too keen on telling her I'm a lawyer, so for the next 50 minutes, i was wingmanstinson - the real estate agent, which led me to being asked questions about the profession, my house, how much my house is worth etc this was quite hard to keep up with and given my age, I naturally wouldn't have a house. After the 50 minute 'massage' ceased she asked me to turn over, alas, i thought this would be the better part, i was wrong.

After rolling over, she applied some oil to my cock, for what had to be one of the worst hand job's I have ever received. Whilst I was allowed to touch her boobs and her ass, I would suggest you don't bother venturing anywhere down there, as she doesn't even let you feel her clit let alone penetrate her. The next ten minutes were rather boring with a hand job that could have been done better from a virgin, or sadly, myself and if it wasn't for my playful imagination I wouldn't have been able to finish especially with her asking me to cum and all. 

When I finally did start to come, what then occurred was mind boggling. At the first hint of semen, she started to slow down her hand rhythm. So naturally, i basically had to scream at her to keep going faster, so I could cum, but the slowing down just killed to mood completely. But wait it gets even better. After her epic use of the 'baby oil' which was definitely not baby oil, she offered me some toilet paper, after trying frantically to wipe off all the oil, I realised a shower would be the wiser option, only for her to say time's up, i'll just use water instead, to which i had to explain that I wasn't going home and i needed to make sure that my cock wasn't greasy for any of my clothing. She eventually agreed to me having a quick shower, only to show me to what was clearly a faulty shower tap with water coming everywhere. At this point I then had to use the tap component of the shower (it's one of those bath showers), and then whilst scrubbing off the moisturiser i was then greeted with a barrage of her shit about you are over time, you need to respect my time and I have good customer waiting for me downstairs. To put this into perspective, from start to finish I was out of her apartment after an hour and 9 minutes for a one hour apartment and my showers are quick (being use to having them in a morning rush whilst late for work). 

Whilst at the front door, she gestured to me good bye which i then went into kiss her on the cheek, well i'll be damned, she didnt even wanna give me her cheek. 

Gentlemen, I'll give you some advice  - there is a lovely website of young adult women candidly naked called ugotposted, buy some lube come back home, print out some of these pictures of the women and let Mrs palmer have a play. The end result is much cheaper than $110 and you would still feel more satisfied. 

Chloe or Sophie, whatever her name is was absolutely rubbish!!


Floor: #2
Post Time: 29th June 2013, 10:09 AM
Poster ID: kapai
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Yea worked for angel @ hicks street and got the push for being too immature and not patronising........


Floor: #3
Post Time: 7th November 2013, 05:48 PM
Poster ID: wingmanstinson
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
A word of Warning, she's back but this time offering her services in Locanto. Called the number and she texted me introducing herself as Sophie with the same description and same location..watch out gents! Whilst the locanto ad is down, just for future records the number being used was 0456 190 866. 

You've been warned!


Floor: #4
Post Time: 16th November 2013, 11:05 AM
Poster ID: Sgon
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sophie

Establishment : Private Massage

Date of Visit : 14 November

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Lovey cute sexy Asian gives excellent massage, goldcoast

Hours of Business : Varied

Rates : $60 / half

Age : mid 20s

Size/shape : Size 10-12

Nationality or Ethnicity :  Chinese 

Services Provided : Massage (not really) with HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Definitely Not

My experience/comments : 

And here's where technology let me down.

Avoiding massage parlours while the cops are raiding and had a very strict 45 mins to kill in Southport.  Jumped onto Locanto and Found this ad.  Tried to do a cross check on auxxxreview as the reviews here are often spot on.  I did a search on the mobile no and nothing came up, so I thought this must be someone new.

Went in for the massage and it was pretty much everything that wingmanstinson wrote and then some.

The massage  was average, at times it was ok but clearly lacked style or technique.  The only saving grace was that she did put some effort in on my back and around the neck which made a difference.  That was the only good thing about the massage.

THE SERIOUSLY ANNOYING PART was that this bird can talk underwater with marbles in her mouth! No kidding, from the second the massage started I think she may have paused to breath twice, and I'm being generous here.  Asked plenty of personal questions that I avoided, and at once stage was asking me for advice on which trainers she should buy and at which shops. Seriously, is this home shopping channel - WTF.   I hope you're all pissing yourselves laughing at this stage....... 

After the turn she did what seems to be her thing, stripped off, douse the old fella in cheap oil and start the most mechanical HJ that I think I've had.  The good news is that I was seriously overtired, pretty toey, and needed a release, and didn't play my hand (no pun intended) until the last few seconds.  Asked her very politely to work a bit harder and surprisingly after reading the above, she did.  She moved in much closer and I shot all over her reasonable titties.  SGon 1 - Sophie 0.

I then had a quick shower and she was keen to see the back of me, although asking when I will be next in to see her. Yeah right.

Fellas, heed the warnings on this post and avoid this bird at all costs.  Definitely money not well spent, even if only $60.

And another tip, make sure you check the mobile when searching on auxxxreview and when under time pressure.  She lists her number as 0456 1908 66.  I did the old cut and paste and this didn't show up.  Checking later that day and searching 0456 190 866 would have saved me that experience.   Damn you Samsung (clearly not user error).

Not to be repeated.  Next time I'm up that way I'll see if Sofi is around based on what I've now read.

SGon.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 16th November 2013, 11:11 AM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by Sgon


Person's Name : Sophie

Establishment : Private Massage

Date of Visit : 14 November
.
.
And another tip, make sure you check the mobile when searching on auxxxreview and when under time pressure.  She lists her number as 0456 1908 66.  I did the old cut and paste and this didn't show up.  Checking later that day and searching 0456 190 866 would have saved me that experience.   Damn you Samsung (clearly not user error)
"""



Thank you for your review Sgon.

Good review.

Here's her Locanto ad (the Locanto ads using the 0487 057 252 number have expired),

"lovey cute sexy Asian gives excellent massage - 23

hello ,everyone i am a beatiful 23 yo girl,sweet smile,absolutely feminien energy,i am size 8&10D boobs size&5foot5 height ,i got really great body .slightly tanned skin ,i am a natural beauty.everything i got is natutral .also i have a cute and pretty face ,i look kind also with real friendly personality ,a happy girl .many people say i am beatiful inside and out .
well what i offer is full body deep tissue oil massage with happy ending finish & spanish .have you suffer the back problems ?if you suffers back showder and neck pain ,i am your first and best choice ,u wont go wrong .a lots of customers said how lucky they found me because of my professional skills and my appearence .come and join me in southport high rise building ,and i will make you feel good
* start half hr $60,one hr $100
*no full service will be offered
*working from 9 am -9pm
*if i was busy couldnt answer your call pls text me,i will text u back as soon as possible
*my number 0456 1908 66
*thank you for reading my ad,i am looking forword to seeing you soon ."

Does the thread number need correcting to 0456 190 866 ?


