Thread Title: Suzie - Clear Island Waters, Gold Coast - 0468 800 651
Floor: #1
Post Time: 17th February 2017, 10:58 AM
Poster ID: HornyHoratio
Post Title: 
 Suzie - Clear Island Waters, Gold Coast - 0468 800 651
				
Post Content: 
Name : Suzie

Location : Private house, Clear Island Waters

Date Visit : Wed 8/2/2017

Contact Details : 0468 800 651 

Locanto Ad: http://goldcoast.locanto.com.au/ID_5...d-Private.html

Hours of Business : 7am - 11pm 7 days

Rates : $65 / Hr +$20 HJ (my Booking), plus $50 topless extra (I declined). Other rates, check her ad.

Age : early 40's I guess, photos are her but 15 years earlier I reckon

Nationality : Aussie (a hint of Kiwi ? accent)

Size/Shape : slim size 6/8, boobs look enhanced D size (thru clothes)

Services : Massage, HJ (no touching allowed at all)

Value for money/recommend? : Maybe / No (not for me)

Comments :

Was intrigued by her ad as to how far her massage would take me, particularly seeing her somewhat provocative pics. Easily booked via SMS and she replied her address which I found after a few minor wrong turns. Handed over the cash after asking what extras she offered. Only HJ, later she offered $50 topless. No bodyslides, doesn't allow touching her at all - I was told to keep my arms down over the table sides - as she's "not into prostitution", nothing else offered.

The massage wasn't too bad, a mild pressure that covered all of my body from head to feet, but not what I would consider a swedish massage as claimed in her ad. Definitely NO tackle/arse tickle/brushes but only upper thighs was closest she got. Definitely nothing that got me anywhere near aroused. She did talk alot during the first 10 minutes. I suspect she also played with her phone during the massage but couldn't see properly.

On turnover, the massage continued on my chest and legs while her conversation was confusing about looking up various word meanings on her phone. She then abruptly announced it was time for the HJ, as she oiled up her hands and my cock which was no way aroused by her performance so far. She proceeded to wank my cock using her right hand with such an intense vigour, as if she were madly pumping a sandbank for yabbies, that I thought my cock was going to break off and fling across the room. It did have the desired effect though (as I had a chronic buildup) that I blew my load 2 feet across my port bow, away from Suzie, some landing on the floor. Suzie used wads of tissues to clean up the oozy remanants around my groin and left hip. After some more trivia chit-chat I was dressed and straight out the (garage) door.

For me the experience was akin to an ordinary asian massage shop happy ending and I think I'll get better service for the same price elsewhere. I won't be back.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 18th March 2017, 11:01 PM
Poster ID: Peter.vincents
Post Title: 
 Susie -  Clear Island Waters,Gold Coast  - 0468 800 651
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Susie

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 12/3/2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : http://goldcoast.locanto.com.au/ID_1...ate-Susie.html

Hours of Business : 7am - 11pm 7 days

Rates : $65 /hr + extra 30

Age : Late 40's

Size/shape : slim 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : Massage with H/E

Value for money/recommend? : No

My experience/comments : Massage in the lady's garage. There are no shower facilities offered. The massage is very very average. Same strokes over and over. Lucky I only booked 30mins. Happy Ending very average. I won't be returning there again. Lady is nice and in good shape for her age but talks a lot.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 25th March 2017, 08:12 AM
Poster ID: dognuts
Post Title: 
 Suzie - Clear Island Waters, Gold Coast: 0468800651
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Suzie

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 16/12/16

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0468800651

Hours of Business : 7am - 11pm

Rates : $60/half hour

Age : mature

Size/shape : size 8

Nationality or Ethnicity : Caucasian

Services Provided : Massage

Value for money/recommend? : For the Price, yes

My experience/comments : 
I saw Suzie, my first ever experience for any paid service, in December 2016.
It was about 10:30pm, so not long before her knock off time, on a friday night.

While apprehensive, I went through with it.

The massage itself was a bit disappointing, nothing special, but I guess that wasn't what I was there for. When her hands were on my body, it was fine, however, Suzie wanted to spend the majority of the time talking about other customers, how (in her words) some 'lady wanted a massage and asked if she could touch my pussyI'm not in to that lesbian shit' she said. Suzie just wouldn't be quite and, although that may be her style, when it takes away from her doing her actual job and distracts her, then maybe she should ease up on the talking. I had to non-verbally remind her to continue her service with a look on a few occasions as she would just stand there and talk, until I looked up at her then looked at my body, almost motioning her to continue.

When it came time for the "finale", I must say, it was a struggle to get into the right frame of mind after hearing Suzie talk about everything and then having to switch into gear to remember that she was actually providing a service. My hands did drift to her backside and she was quick to put them on the table (my bad).

Once I got into the right frame of mind, which Suzie had worked feverishly hard to get me to by alternating between both hands regularly, caressing my balls, and at once stage, playing close to the exit valve, I got over the line.

Overall, I felt a little let down as I went in with high hopes, then had to deal with a continual dull conversation that affected the mood. But I guess for $60, the end result was completed.

Cheers,

Dognuts


Floor: #4
Post Time: 9th April 2017, 09:24 AM
Poster ID: Jr121066
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Suzie

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 30/03/2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0468800651

Hours of Business : 7am - 11pm

Rates : $60/half hour $ 50 topless

Age : 50 plus

Size/shape : size 8

Nationality or Ethnicity : Caucasian

Services Provided : Massage and lecture

Value for money/recommend? : Depends what you want

My experience/comments : I was horny and on the coast. Just come back from 3 weeks in pattaya ( why cant you get a tug in OZ for $ 20 ? )

Anyway I saw her ad, looked ok.

Turn up, not a bad sort. Did the topless option $ 50 extra , great fake tits but NOOOOOOOOOOOO touching.

Massage starts, average, maybe a 4 / 10.

But then the conversation starts, OMG, please shut up.

She starts telling me shes an author and is writing a book and kids books and blah blah blah.

Lady all i want is a tug and maybe to play with your tits.

I try to change the subject and say you have great nipples, and then i get told off.

Continue with massage, then get tug where she nearlys rips it off. Release, get dressed. 

Then get given business card with facebook page for kids books.

WTF  ????

Can i Just let you know, SHE IS CRAZY.

DANGER WILL ROBINSON!!!!!!!


Floor: #5
Post Time: 12th July 2017, 01:54 AM
Poster ID: Charlie4215
Post Title: 
 Suzie Swedish massage Gold Coast 0468800651
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : suzie

Establishment : in home

Date of Visit : 27/05/17

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : locanto Suzie99 0468800651

Hours of Business : early till 11pm

Rates : 30min 40
45min 50
60min 60
90min 100

Age : 45+

Size/shape : slim busty

Nationality or Ethnicity : Caucasian 

Services Provided : massage rub n tug 

Value for money/recommend? : 0/10

My experience/comments : let me first start by saying if you have considered visiting Suzie Don't! 

From the first knock on the door I was greated by a slim elderly lady whom looked alot older and worse for wear than her photos she lead me to her garage next to her front door that was half converted to some kind of half ass massage studio blocked by a few deviders and sheets. I asked her If could use her toilet before we began due to the long drive but was told she had no toilet for her customers and I would have to go to the mall around the corner so I decided to hold it. It become very obvious very quickly that Suzie was a couple of screws loose after asking me for payment and telling me to get undressed I lay on the table and she poured some oil on me and started to massage my back I think? As all I could feel was one hand mashing around like she was bored. The whole entire time she was constantly asking me questions and blabbing on about voodoo natural energies and all kind of weird hippy stuff and that was the good part of her conversation after that she started to tell me about how she writes children's poems and is trying to secure a publisher and continued the entire massage reading out dumb poems that, didn't rhyme and wernt clever. I tried multiple hints at getting her to shut up and continually asked for more pressure but it fell upon dead ears . Not once did she massage anywhere near my ass dick or balls and made, absolutely no attempt to warm me up or turn me on but only my back and lower legs i was bored and getting a head ache she finally asked me to turn over and grab my dick with one hand and looked the other way no effort no emotion like a robot for the first time in my life I actually felt ashamed and low 😂 I finally busted and she gave me some tissues I couldn't of been out any faster I have to say in my many years of brothels rub and tugs and just plain old punting this chick is the worst I can't leave a more detailed review becouse I had my eyes closed and was trying to drown out her annoying voice the entire time. I I really just hope no one else makes the same mistake I did of going to her. If you have even felt slightly desperate and she is the only one to awsner have a wank instead you'll thank me for it


Floor: #6
Post Time: 9th August 2017, 09:12 AM
Poster ID: Mojomax
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Jeez, she may have changed her name, number and location, but that review is almost word for word a copy of a strikingly similar review I posted a couple of years back when 'Suzie' worked in Upper Coomera. Sorry to hear that she's still a fruit loop and that you suffered the same dire experience.

Sent from my E6653 using Tapatalk


Floor: #7
Post Time: 15th November 2017, 06:23 PM
Poster ID: breeze
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Did she call you CHOOKY ???    LOL


Floor: #8
Post Time: 2nd June 2019, 12:04 AM
Poster ID: AOR guy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Suzie

Establishment : Private Home

Date of Visit : 29/05/2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://goldcoast.locanto.com.au/ID_...ate-Susie.html

Phone : 0468800651

Hours of Business : 7am - 10pm 7 days

Rates : $60 p/h

Age : ad says 35, I think 45

Size/shape : Slim build

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : Massage & HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes/No

My experience/comments : 
I had a punt earlier in the day and didn't get the relief I wanted, so decided to look on the locanto app while I was in Tweed Heads and saw Suzie's Swedish Full Body Massage add and thought it was close enough to give it a go.
She was able to fit me in and didn't have to wait too long. I drove to the house and was a little early. Waited for her to message me when ready, unfortunately saw some other guy leaving via the garage to the right of the house, then got the message to come in. Go up and she's showing me to the garage. It was sort of barricaded up and only half of the garage is set up with a massage table. I get undressed and and lay face down on the table and think, shit, I can smell cum so realised I wasn't going to be able to do much about it. I asked for a 60min massage with HJ which was $20 extra. I had told her I'd already had a massage that day and felt short changed. I should of just gone with a 30 min massage on reflection as she was mainly using one hand and on her phone with the other. She offered a topless massage for another $30 but I wasn't interested. To be honest after smelling cum I didn't want to be there that long. Her massage was ok at times and on the flip I just got her to take her time and the HJ was nice and slow and she paid attention so that wasn't bad. I wish I'd looked at reviews here before I booked, but wasn't really planning punts while I was away. Oh we'll you live and learn.


