Thread Title: Tayla - Palm Beach - 0413 695 126
Floor: #1
Post Time: 13th March 2014, 04:21 PM
Poster ID: wingmanstinson
Post Title: 
 Tayla - Palm Beach - 0413 695 126
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Tayla

Establishment : Private Unit in Palm Beach, Just past the Tallebudgera Recreation Centre and Surf Club

Date of Visit : 13 March 2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0413 695 126, found number in the Bulletin

Hours of Business : 9-6 Mon - Friday

Rates : 150 / hour Pus Extras

Age : Claims in her 30's, I call bullshit probably early 40's

Size/shape : Size 12, Got a little bit of a stomach, nice ass, had stickers on her left breast though (maybe had some kind of cancer scare as she claims she has had surgery but it was definitely not plastic), has sun fucked skin.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : Nude RNT upto full service

Value for money/recommend? : No / No

My experience/comments : 

For those that punt regularly on the coast with not so much the most, they would know of the lack of good PML's. Unfortunately the quantity has diminished further with a few unexplained departures and retirements, Cameron of Mermaid Beach, Jo of Helensvale, and the list goes on. At the current time my list of reliable massage ladies that I enjoy seeing is Nicole and Bridgette, with whom it costs me 200 for the hour. Currently unemployed however, this is quite a bit of a stretch for the wallet. So naturally I have been digging around for a better valued alternative and naturally I have failed. 

Sorting out an appointment with Tayla was fairly simple, she told me all her stats, which were pretty spot on, but she did mention extras were on offer face to face. Having arrived at Tayla's a little bit late I let her know about the GC Highway traffic and she said that would be okay, so I arrive by 1:10 and she explains to me the drill and offers her extras. But I never take a massage ladies extras on the first visit so I can judge their hand job quality. 

Off with the clothes and onto the table for a pretty mediocre rub with some lame attempts at tickle of the tackle. Eventually I was on my back, and she started with the HJ, now the hj was uber rushed, and it felt like she had no idea what she was doing, applying too much pressure and going too fast. Told her how I liked it, but apparently she doesn't like to follow instruction. By the end the HJ was on the verge of hurting, too much pressure not enough oil. Funnily enough this was not the worst aspect of her service. She was like, hurry up you're going overtime. I have a client soon etc etc. This went on for the next five minutes. 

I'll spare you the details but she was vehemently adamant that we were over time. I finally sprayed my load and had a shower leaving at 2:05. So yeah, you get the picture, one of those girls, that lies about their age, lies about their services for the purposes of cutting advertising costs down to a minimum and lies about timing. 

Complete and total dud. 


TLDR: 

Face: 6/10
Body: 6/10
Massage: 3/10
HJ: 1/10


