Thread Title: Tiffany  - Springwood - 0432 403 033
Floor: #1
Post Time: 18th November 2016, 05:40 PM
Poster ID: masterj
Post Title: 
 Tiffany  - Springwood - 0432 403 033
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Tiffany&nbsp;

Establishment : PML (Touch Me Tender)

Date of Visit : Nov 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : http://qld.locanto.com.au/ID_8071345...al-Caring.html http://www.touchmetender.com/

Hours of Business : Tiffany 9am to 3pm ; Vikky 3pm -8pm

Rates : Varies with service; $100 /30min ; ($150 fs) upper body massage 200/ 60min (250 fs) tantra full body massage

Age : 35 ish

Size/shape : BBW, dark hair, beautiful green eyes, massive boobs, pretty face, short

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : full body tantra massage with fs ending. (body slides, some spanish, cow girl, daty, boob sucking/ motor boat, mish)

Value for money/recommend? : yes / yes if you like big girls

My experience/comments : Saw the add and the tantra massage interested me. Easy to make a booking. Tiffany works 9-3 and her friend Vikky 3-8 who offers different services (see their website)
A residential house near ikea with a separate room at the rear. Nice set up with candles, subdued lighting, lush coverings on the massage table and a small ensuite. The extension from the outside its very plain and unpainted fibro with a security door.<br><br>i entered and found a familiar face, much to both our suprise. Tiffany used to work in the Beenleigh area 4 years ago, doing tantra, bondassage. She is quite an intelligent and aware woman. So it was nice to catch up again.
Very chatty and smiley. Fully nude massage was good, not really tantra, light strokes, medium amount of oil, spread the cheeks and oiled up from sack along the butt crack a few times. got up on the table for a couple of body slides.
On the turn, i see she now has several tattoos, a big set of shapely boobs, and a belly that makes her look fully pregnant. Starting with a massage she squashed those melons into my face as she works my chest, then the legs and a quite good handjob, again with plenty of oil but not too much. She sits on one leg (up on the table) and continues with the handjob before some nice long body slides, those boobs are big and soft, and suprisingly she doesnt weigh that much. She seems to enjoy my dick between her boobs and eventually reaches for the condom. (She never offered full service years ago)

Starts with some COWGIRL, now Ive never had a big girl before so it was interesting and fun. She was riding me with those melons in my face, me swapping between them as she rocks away, was a real treat. As she moved off to adjust position i hopped up and she asked what i wanted (was thinking Doggy but said DATY) so DATY was next. Nice plump shaved pussy, some small lips, juicy and sweet, allowed a thumb in the pussy and had a twist of the hips and a moan so i removed it and the tongue went for it, deep sucking the clit, tongue fucking and long strokes, teasing. Happy with my index finger, i rub that G SPOT and she has a nice loud orgasm, felt her pussy convulse and my finger is past her cervix before its all to intense so we stop.

Move up for some mish and she allows full body contact, kissing her neck, and some good pounding which had me lifting/rolling one leg up and i grabbed her butt and went for it coming buried deep in her firm pussy. 
Laying back down on the table, a bit of a wash down with a hot washer before heading to the shower. A bit of a chat about some other project she has going and the hour is done.
I enjoyed the session, feeling the soft comfort of a bigger size woman, allowed some good access and mutual enjoyment. She did know me previously, and we are quite comfortable with each others company, but never did FS back then.
Not really a tantric massage, and it didnt really flow as an erotic sensual sexual experience which is what tantra is but it was a good session.

masterj


