Thread Title: Tina - Windsor - 0478 176 890
Floor: #1
Post Time: 29th December 2014, 08:12 PM
Poster ID: Armitage Shanks
Post Title: 
 Tina - Windsor - 0478 176 890
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Tina

 Establishment : Private residence

 Date of Visit : 31/0/14

 Contact Details/Address/Weblink :  Locanto Ad

 Hours of Business : Unsure 

 Rates : $70/ half hr

 Age : 26

 Size/shape : Curvy, B cups, smooth dark skin, nice round arse

 Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai/Fijian

 Services Provided : RnT

 Value for money/recommend? : yes/yes

 My experience/comments :


I liked the ad and pics, so texted ahead before leaving the city and booked 30 mins. She was friendly and the instructions were easy to understand. Got to the mail boxes of an apartment building, and told to text again. She can see you from here and check u out.

She came out from her apartment on the first floor and called me over. Se s very pretty, polite and friendly 

Once inside was told to be very quiet as neighbours can hear easily.

Offered a bottle of cold water, and paid money. Told to undress and lie on the bed in a spare bedroom. The setting is nice, clean and relaxed.
Her English is very good. We chatted a lot.

Was a good firm massage. The same you'd expect from a legit studio.

A nice bit of reaching right under, grabbing my shaft underneath me 

Turned over and noticed she was completely nude. Sometimes they surprise you like that!

Her HJ technique is not mind blowing, but could be with a little coaching. I preferred to let her do her thing. Was allowed to touch anywhere but the pussy, which was ok with me. Was a delight to run my hands all over her curvy dark body, and smooth skin. 

She was quite entertained with the amount of mess I made 
Lol, when she was over that, softly cleaned me up, and we dressed while chatting.


I'll visit again sometime 

Cheers,
AS


Floor: #2
Post Time: 15th January 2015, 12:15 PM
Poster ID: Toomuchtime
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Now her ad says shes in Cairns.


