Thread Title: Unknown - Isle Of Capri - 0424 577 619
Floor: #1
Post Time: 20th January 2012, 11:39 PM
Poster ID: RJones
Post Title: 
 Unknown - Isle Of Capri - 0424 577 619
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : forgot to ask! 

Establishment : private address [Private address removed. s.o.o.]

Date of Visit : 20/1/12

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : ph 0424577619

Hours of Business :  7 days

Rates : $50 for hour 

Age : 40ish

Size/shape : plump

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Straight Massage

Value for money/recommend? : YES, good massage

My experience/comments : 

Well this was my first private massage... finally able to book a time. 

I called her first... it sounded promising as a punt because she asked that same question "have you been here before?"  I said yes, I have (acting on pure instinct) ...  but then felt like a dick when I asked here where the address is... haha

I rocked, up... is tidy place... lots of girls shoes lying around... didn't know what to make of it... there was a pair or male running shoes at one door... so perhaps there are two ladies using the house for massages. I was a little disappointed when my lady opened the ranch slider... she was not ugly... but she was not cute young chick! 

anyway she invited me in and then left behind a curtain. I stripped off completely as I usually do unless told specifically to keep underwear on. So I lay there in the nude and waited for her to come back.

Now, the massage was actually very good... I said hard, and she did a damn good job. I liked her massage. She didn't do any inappropriate touching, so early on I kinda knew i wasn't going to be getting a tug, so I just relaxed and really enjoyed a great straight massage.

Ok, this may be my ever-hopefull attitude that every massage lady is corruptable, but two things happened that nmade me think that maybe first timers get the straight massage , and only if you go back do you get extras.

Firstly... although she didn't touch the old fella... she came very close, and she let the towel fall down a few times while she was doing the stretching parts of the thai massage. so she would have got a good look at my tackle.. i could feel a slight breeze on my balls . at one pint she had my hand in her crotch, but i wasn't game enough to let my fingers have a fiddle.

Secondly, while she was massaing me the her phone went twice. I could tell they were fellow punters. The first one she asked if he had been before. I could actually hear his voice. It was obvious he hadn't as she explained where she was. He made a booking for after me. Then later the phone went again. But this guy was obviously a regular. Her tone of voice was so different. she sounded playful and flirty with him... even saying coyly " yes, I know you"  and doing a slight giggle. I don't know... but it sounded to me like there may be more to her services if you are a regular. just the feeling i got.

So there you have. No happy ending, but a very good massage. I will definitely go back. Good value for money I thought.


