Thread Title: Vicki, Sexy Asian -  Taigum - 0432 324 803
Floor: #1
Post Time: 28th March 2015, 03:26 PM
Poster ID: mick55
Post Title: 
 Vicki, Sexy Asian -  Taigum - 0432 324 803
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Vicki.  

Establishment : Private house.

Date of Visit : 27th March. 2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :  Courier mail exotic relaxation. 0432324803

Hours of Business : 9am - 6pm

Rates : 130/ hour

Age : mid thirties.

Size/shape :  Size 10. Slimmish.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese.

Services Provided : rnt . Possibly full service due to condoms being visible. 

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments :  
Very personable on phone, has a good grasp of english and sounded like fun. Turned up 5 minutes early, no drama. Greeted at door by a presentable Milf  in skimpy nightie. Kiss on the cheek intro then taken into a bedroom where a clean bed awaits. Off with the gear , lay face down expecting a rub with hands when I hear the rustle of clothing falling to the floor.  Turned head and see a not too shabby body starts climbing on to the bed. A bit of oiling up followed by a great bodyslide including ear nibbling and soft kisses. Got better from there. Teasing touches and under tummy grabs with an oily hand soon had me ready to roll over. I should also state that I asked for a relaxing massage not a deep tissue. Time to roll over and she rubs her groin into mine..simulating sex and turning me on even more. I asked if she likes being massaged and before the answer penetrates my brain she is on her stomach and I am liberally splashing oil over her body. Took the plunge and slipped the hand between the legs, surprise.. they opened wide for easy access. This is way too good to be true think I. Decided on another risk and ran my tongue down her back several times until I ventured into that hidden cleft, sweet tasting ( is it only me or do most Asians always taste n smell super clean? ) all while she is squirming and moaning in a believable manner.  Now she rolls over and at this point I'm thinking maybe full service is the go. Anyway back to work between the legs and she is either a great faker or she came, pressing my face into her wet femaleness. Then it was my turn, she oiled me up and lovingly stroked my already rock hard shaft, then lays on top ,squeezing her legs around me and going to town . Closest thing to penetration I've had to the point I was concerned that my sudden outpouring would make it's way to her inner body..not that that stopped me..lol. Finished up, breathless and sated, wanting more but got cleaned up, showered and left. 15 minutes over the hour.. awesome. I'm going back for 2 hours next time. 
Attractiveness.. 6/10 but good for her age. And I'm no spring chicken anyway.
Value for money. 10/10.
Would I go back ? Got her number saved in my phone.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 3rd April 2015, 11:54 AM
Poster ID: Toomuchtime
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Tried calling her a few times on Tuesday this week but she never answered or called back like a lot of them do.She must be popular.....


Floor: #3
Post Time: 4th April 2015, 08:14 AM
Poster ID: mick55
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Yeah she doesn't answer her phone if working, plus her ad isn't in the courier mail which usually means that she's having a break for a couple of days.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 5th April 2015, 08:30 PM
Poster ID: Toomuchtime
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
It was in there on Tuesday.


