Thread Title: Wendy Li - Biggera Waters - 0434 395 600
Floor: #1
Post Time: 1st August 2013, 06:49 PM
Poster ID: kapai
Post Title: 
 Wendy Li - Biggera Waters - 0434 395 600
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Wendy Li

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 12-7-13

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Bully and Locanto. 0434395600

Hours of Business : ?

Rates : starts @ $100

Age : mid 50's

Size/shape : small was good looking 35 yrs ago. Ok for age

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : FS

Value for money/recommend? : not for me

My experience/comments : No reply from a couple of my favourite tried wendy.Wouldn't tell age on phone
but decided to proceed. Quoted 100 but turned out to be more with DATY and CBJ. She would have been a little stunner in her day so proceeded and very impressed with hygiene standards. Did all the usual stuff and entered her doggy and missionary but there was lack of response which made it a dead fuck so had to get her to finish by hand. So $120 poor punt but there you are.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 16th April 2014, 02:37 PM
Poster ID: caybee
Post Title: 
 Wendy - Biggera Waters - 0434 395 600
				
Post Content: 
Name: Wendy.

Establishment: Private.

Date of visit: 11 April 2014.

Contact: Ph.0434 395600. Add in Bulletin.
BIGGERA WATERS.
Beautiful Chinese. Size 8
hot, sexy body rub.
Ph 0434 395600.

Hours: 9 till late. (She lives on premises)

Rates: $60 half hr $80 1hr.

Age: 40ish.

Size/Shape: Tidy size 8. 'C' cup.

Nationality: Chinese.

Service provided: massage, HE, CBJ.

Value/Recommend: yes/yes but with rider. YMMV.

Well after my non event at Spring Day Spa I once again consulted the GC Bulletin and came up with the above prospect, phoned up, found she was available so made a booking for 1hr massage. Turned up at the arranged time and place only to find she is in a unit complex,so had to phone again to get the unit number, and for her to remotely open the gate. I entered and was met at the door by a very tidy asian lady. I don't know just what it was but her looks hit a chord with me and I thought, WOW!. She has a pretty tidy body and a very pleasant face. Paid up undressed and onto the table. she then asked if i would like nude for an extra $20. Thinking solely with my little head I agreed; here I encountered my first small disappointment  she didn't nude up straight away, when I asked, she said she would on the turn over. Ok on with the show.... A lot of arse, sack and bone play. This went on for only about 3 mins, by this time I was like a crowbar and had to turn over; this is when the second disappointment occurred; she only pulled her tits out above her bra, and when she dropped her knickers they only went as far as her knees. I was then informed I could look but not touch(her pussy)but fondling and sucking on her tits was ok(small compensation!). Anyway I got over my disappointment and she continued giving my old fella and balls all the attention they deserved and craved;I was still hard as, and super turned on, so I put the question about a blow job: she agreed to this but said we would have to cut the session to a half hour; this was ok with me as I knew I would not last for the entire hour. She domed me up and commenced one of the more memorable BJ's I've had,she was very, very good at this discipline, so much so I just had to put the question to her for full service. This is a indication of just how turned on I was as I never indulge in FS.To cut a long story short, the answer was no, she doesn't provide this service, so just continued on with the BJ till completion. After a bit of a clean up she continued with the massage till time was up. It wasn't much of a massage as massages go,as a matter of fact she looked a bit disinterested during the proceedings: maybe it was because I had already had my release and there was no longer the need to build the anticipation etc. I would probably return to see if her massage technique is any better during a half hour massage hand job session. 
By the way; her English is not the best, but she is understandable.
In the end the whole session cost me $100:00. it worked out to be:- $60 half Hr massage+$20 nude(sort of)+ $20.CBJ. Don't know if I'd take the nude option again.... Seeing as how nothing comes off completely and there is no touching of the pussy, I don't think I would.
I suppose you may be wondering why I answered yes/yes to the value/ recommend question.Well with the exception of the couple of disappointments mentioned, all in all I left satisfied. But as I said.....YMMV.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 17th April 2014, 12:15 PM
Poster ID: kapai
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I reviewed her in the private working ladies a few months back in her 50's I recon. $100 FS and when I paid wanted xtra $20 for DATY and cbj as I recall so buckled. A lack luster session and was off to showed soon as cum. Super clean used 2 different doms but her body didn't do anything for me but does have pleasant face.


