Thread Title: Yoko - Brisbane CBD - 0473 555 203
Floor: #1
Post Time: 9th December 2015, 04:50 PM
Poster ID: Afternoonsun
Post Title: 
 Yoko - Brisbane CBD - 0473 555 203
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Yoko

Establishment : private

Date of Visit : 08/12/15

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :   http://brisbane.locanto.com.au/ID_65...r-Booking.html  Phone or text Yoko 0473 555 203

Hours of Business : ring to find out

Rates : $95 for 30 mins massage

Age : says 34 but I think at least mid-40s

Size/shape : short, size 10/12.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Japanese

Services Provided : body slides, CBJ, HJ, prostate massage

Value for money/recommend? : not for me

My experience/comments : I was up from the Gold Coast for the day and fancied trying out a private ML, ended up texting this lady and she replied straight away that she was free, texted her address, which was on a main road in Brisbane CBD.

So I got there, I paid the money for a 30 mins sensual massage including body slides, HJ, CBJ, titfuck, prostate massage etc.  She asked me to shower so i had a quick shower and dried off.  She had already stripped off,  and was unceremonally wiping her fanny with a wet wipe as I came out of the shower.  She asked me to get on her bed.  She then applied a fair bit of massage oil containing essential oils in which kind of burned the skin and other sensitive parts.  She performed body slides front and back, but it lacked any kind of sensuality or eroticism, and felt very methodical.  It all felt rushed, and there was no actual massage to speak off.  She then said that she would give me a CBJ, and proceeded to bag up my only half erect member.  Her CBJ was kind of strange, a kind of shallow sucking combined with a painful ball crushing/squeezing with her other hand, which sent mixed signals to my brain.  I really wasn't getting into it at all. She also offered prostate massage but I declined (I didn't really fancy it). I said that I'd like to play with her large nipples but she didn't let me as they were too sensitive, although she allowed some light licking of them (but no touching!)

Then she said that she was going to give me a hand job which just wasn't happening for me - despite engaging in a sex act, there was nothing sexual about it.  No tease, no allure. So after a few mins of vigorous tugging it wasn't happening for me.  I asked her to go more slowly and gently and she asked me to show her how I did it, which I did, but after a few more minutes of a poor HJ I just wanted to get out of there.  She said that she would give me some money back as she couldn't get me to cum which was pretty decent of her.  I had another shower and she gave me $40 back.

Maybe she prefers people who book longer than 30 mins but it was worse than all the massage shops I'd been to, and that says a lot.

I was in and out in under 20 mins including 2 showers.  Not very impressed.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 9th December 2015, 05:03 PM
Poster ID: WOTAN01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Afternoonsun I have added the mobile number which you should have done as advertisements often disappear.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 9th December 2015, 11:09 PM
Poster ID: niteowl
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I saw Yoko about a week ago and haven't had time to write a review. Suffice to say for now my experience was very similar to afternoonsun's and I definitely wouldn't recommend this lady. I ended up having to wank myself to finish and the whole time with her felt very rushed. I went with the prostate massage option, so I will try to find time to write up a full review soon...


Floor: #4
Post Time: 19th December 2015, 12:35 AM
Poster ID: niteowl
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Yoko

Establishment : Private apartment Valley end of Queen St

Date of Visit : 25/11/15

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : http://www.elegantyoko.net - Phone 0473 555 203

Hours of Business : 9:30am to late 7 days

Rates : Many options http://www.elegantyoko.net/services-rates

Age : Probably mid forties?

Size/shape : short, size 10/12.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian but in my opinion not Japanese

Services Provided : body slides, CBJ, HJ, "prostate massage"

Value for money/recommend? : No/No

My experience/comments :

Pretty much the same vibe for this review as afternoonsun above.  Yoko was about 15-20 mins late for my appointment, and that set the scene for a very rushed session as I assume she tried to make up for lost time to catch up to her scheduled appointments (she said she had someone booked in straight after me).  Started off with a quick shower where she gave the tackle a quick wash and then turned me around to give the bum a bit of a soapy finger.

Out of the shower and onto the bed, where I had to lay in a kind of awkward position over the top of a big pile of pillows.  She started off with body slides, rubbing her big udders up and down my naked body.  On the turn over I was very disappointed to hear the same old story of sensitive nipples, so I wasn't allowed to play with them.  I bit a palming the whole tit was OK, but no direct touching of the nipples.  Shame becaue they are huge and I would have like to suck on them - part of the reason I booked her.  On with a dom for a bit of CBJ - pretty ordinary.  Then she slipped a dom over her finger and popped it up my date.  I was actually looking forward to trying this, but in the end I don't think this was a "prostate massage" as much as it was just blindly sticking her finger up my asshole.  She was sucking my cock and finger fucking my ass, but it was not comfortable or pleasurable at all.  She switched to HJ, but in the end I said I'd finish myself off.  At this suggestion, she move up so I could blow on her tits.  A quick wipe and I was offered a shower so I could be on my way.

So overall it was a very rushed encounter and I didn't really enjoy it.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 8th February 2017, 01:39 AM
Poster ID: victorism
Post Title: 
 RnT - Bodyslide - Yoko - Brisbane CBD - 0473 555 203
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Yoko

Establishment : Apartment

Date of Visit : 28/01/2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : http://brisbane.cracker.com.au/BodyR...-suck/13351091

Hours of Business : 10 am to 1.30 pm

Rates : 1hr $150, 2hr $290, 3hr $430

Age : 34. Could be 40 or so

Size/shape : Average and a little chubby, 36D

Nationality or Ethnicity : Japanese

Services Provided : Massage and Body slide; CBJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/Comments: 

Another WL I frequent due to VFM.  

Texting for an appointment is my usual go to and I haven't been too disappointed yet.

I booked for an 11 am 1 hour massage and body slide to help get some muscle soreness from starting back at the gym.

WL provides undercover and discreet carpark space but insists on picking up clients to take to her apartment.  Quite average looking asian older WL but boy can she work your muscles.

I start with a shower to get the days stink off me and she joins in to. Quite efficient since she gets to do a health check before the fun starts.  

I get out and lay on the bed and she gets going with oil everywhere. Nice body slide all over and can really feel her tits on your back. For someone this old she definitely has a lot of stamina. We do a flip and it's more sliding for a couple of minutes before the CBJ. Good sucking technique and a lot of ball licking to boot. Annnd... I'm spent.

After a quick clean up we move to the massage table. Amazing firm massage to loosen up my muscles from head to toe.

Finish with a solo shower to get the oil off and I'm off.

I highly recommend for her for a firm massage if that's what you're into but she does have a lot of extras on her ad.

Other than that the apartment is clean and very lived in. A lot of Natural Health paraphernalia around so she seems to be into that.

Have been 3 times now and Will Return.


