Thread Title: Yumiko - Northgate - 0426 235 190
Floor: #1
Post Time: 29th March 2012, 10:39 PM
Poster ID: Toomuchtime
Post Title: 
 Yumiko - Northgate - 0426 235 190
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Yumiko

Establishment : Private house,Northgate

Date of Visit : 28/3/12

Contact Details : 0426 235 190

Hours of Business : Unsure

Rates : $70 half hour

Age : Late 20s

Size/shape : Short and curvy 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Japanese?

Services Provided : Massage & tug 

Value for money/recommend? : Good/Yes,for sure

My experience/comments : I found this girl in the CM and decided to try her out while I was in Brisbane for work.She answered the door in her underwear and a short lacy thing over the top,which was a good start.Massage was done on a bed,not a table,which was also good as it allowed her to get very close.The massage was quite good and when I turned over she took her gear off to reveal a very nice Western style body with some lovely curves,a great pair of tits and incredibly soft skin.She claimed to be Japanese and may well be but I originally thought Chinese or maybe Vietnamese.
She allowed touching but not of her pussy and the HJ was very,very good.She has a really nice friendly manner and a good sense of humour and didn't watch the clock so I would definitely recommend her,particularly if you like Asians with a little bit of meat on them.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 30th March 2012, 08:11 PM
Poster ID: Hot_kp
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Yumiko
Establishment : Private house,Northgate
Date of Visit : 30/3/12
Contact Details : 0426 235 190
Hours of Business :
Rates : $100 half hour
Age : 30's
Size/shape : Small and curvy 
Nationality or Ethnicity : Japanese
Services Provided : FS, CBJ
Value for money/recommend? : Hmmmm - there's better but she's nice and friendly
My experience/comments : breezing through and had some time to kill at the airport so rang and she was free. Rocked up and she was nice and petite, a tad short but had all the curves. A quick shower and back into the room. She was waiting, naked, and asked me to lie down for a massage. Lots of tackle tickle and when she spun me over started licking my nipples and playing with my balls all very nice. Slipped on a Dom and she started the CBJ. Not bad but went on too long and I started to loose interest. On her back she swung her legs up over my shoulders and I plunged in. Typical Asian experience. The moans and eye cringing and little whimpers lol. Not such a great experience but I got there. She's a cute chick who may have had a baby. There was a belly scar hidden under wot look like a tat. Room was a bit dark to see. She shyse away from her pussy being touched but her perky tits are available. All in all I think I'll look for other entertainment but she is nice.


