Thread Title: Zusie - Woolloongabba - 0421 161 112
Floor: #1
Post Time: 6th January 2012, 09:44 AM
Poster ID: pavp79
Post Title: 
 Zusie - Woolloongabba - 0421 161 112
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Zusie
Establishment : Gabba

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :  couriermail.com.au

Rates : 80/30min

Age :  early 20's

Size/shape : C cup (fake and hard), skinny cute girl

Services Provided : RnT

Value for money/recommend? : Yes (if you dont mind skinny girl with fake boobs)

My experience/comments : 

It is very difficult get hold of her... I was trying since last few weeks through messages but never got reply and finally got hold of  her....

Greeted by cute, slim ( well i should say skinny like me lol) young girl. ....... no hugs...   .. ohh i thought this is going to be bad punt ... In the room, after formal business she stripped down and i saw a magnificent boobs .. woow.. amazing view but sadly they are fake and hard....

on the bed, she then started to oil rub me .. after another few minutes she started to give be body slides ... being fake and hard boobs it was not the best but was good enough ... while giving bodyslide she come very close to my ear and lick it sometime. Well that was feeling better and now I started to explore her with hands. She giving me bodyslide and my hand exploring her went for a while.... Usually most of girls ask to turn over but she didnt. So I took lead and turned over and she was there seating very close to my little bro. With some more oil she started to give me massage in front and moved to bodyslide. At this moment my little bro was very close to her trimmed pussy ( i like it shaved but nevermind)... She then used some more oil and started to rub her pussy on my balls... on man that was great... I started to play with her boobs but there is nothing much to play with those hard ones... This process lasted for few time and then she started to give me HJ until I finish.

she is not a talkative person, but she gives reply to whatever u ask. Overall it was VFM experience.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 9th January 2012, 12:48 AM
Poster ID: vinnie07
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Great review. what were the rates?


