Thread Title: 2088 Gold Coast Hwy, Miami - 07 5572 3888
Floor: #1
Post Time: 13th December 2011, 11:04 PM
Poster ID: gccomputerguy
Post Title: 
 2088 Gold Coast Hwy, Miami - 07 5572 3888
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name :   ???

Establishment :   Asian Massage 2088 GC Hwy Miami 07 5572 3888

Date of Visit :   13/12/11

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :   2088 GC Hwy Miami 07 5572 3888

Hours of Business :    10am - 7pm

Rates :   $40

Age :   Mid 20's

Size/shape :   Slim B cup

Nationality or Ethnicity :   Chinease

Services Provided :   massage

Value for money/recommend? :   Not really

My experience/comments : Have been meaning to visit this place for a while. Walked in to be greeted by an older asian woman, but sort of attractive with her friendly smile. The place has 4 beds seperated by a curtain. After undressing and laying down a younger girl come in to do the massage. Slim but flat chested and had a pimply face. Massage was more like a rub down, not interested in small talk. When I rolled over my hard on gave the game away but she wasn't interested. She just finished up and walked away. I was unsure if she was comming back, so I got up and stated to get dressed. The older lady poked her head around the corner and asked if I wanted to extend. I said I dunno, the girl just finished up. She gave a glaring look at the girl who was now behind the counter reading a magazine. So I suspect that RnT may be had at this establishment.  I may wait a while before going back, maybe a different girl might come to the party.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 31st March 2012, 08:26 PM
Poster ID: RJones
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Asian Massage 2088 GC Hwy Miami 07 5572 3888
Visited 31/3/12
Chinese... both of them!  read on... one a milf, one little hottie. both nice, but older one plain looking.
Rang them from the street... $30 fro half hour
Massage... and tug

Well I love my iPhone.. I was cruising back up the coast.. day dreaming about punting, when I thought it was damn good thought. I was down near Burleigh... pulled over, whipped out the phone.. got on this forum... scanned for somewhere to go.. how good is that??

Found an oldie here.. computerguys review sounded bad... but hey I like a punt... so i called them from around the corner... This is my new MO. Call them... I'm getting to be able to pick now.. In I went... The lady who seemed to be manager asked if it was me on the phone... sure was!

There was a few nice asians scrurrying around.. yum... She showed me to a room. But to my horror, the lady that came in to massage me was an older plain looking Chinese. Oh shit.. Never mind... she left.. so stripped off and lay down on table. The place has half walls on the sides of the cubicles, and curtain across the front. She asked how hard.. I said hard.. Although i was disappointed I didn't get a young hottie.. I have to admit her massage was quite good. It was great.. I asked for half hour. She did my back , shoulders, arms.. all good. Then I could sense she had left the cubile... but being face down I couldn't be sure... A few minutes went by. There was lots of chatter in this place... all in coded mandarin.

Anyway, after a few minutes, I could hear someone back in the cubicle... and then The oiled hands that started on my bum and legs, were different hands! I was sure they were differents hands, but i still couldn't see. The massage had changed from hard proper stuff, to gentle rubbing... with some "accidental" play around the tackle. All these thoughts went through my mind, but what the hell it was quite a nice job... whoever it was!!

After both legs, she asked me to turn over... Well.. I was pleasantly surprised.. my older plain Chinese lady has turned into a young hottie!! She was just how i like. She gave me the signal for handjob and held up two fingers.. $20...seemed fair to me so i nodded. She started slowly... and was talking to someone outside the cubicle....was a bit off-putting.. and the curtain was open a little bit... until someone on the other side closed it..... There was too much noise in this place... I like that soothing music they usually play... but never mind... She did a good job.. not the best i had.. she didn't really get into it... She let me touch her rather nice arse... but moved away when my bear paw grabbed her tit. haha... fair enough... She let me squeeze her tight arse while she got me squirting. 

She smiled, and cleaned me up.. 

So a good punt.... $50 all up, same as Chevron.... was good for a change... and they are nice there too. I think this was the first place I have had a tug when there is only a curtain across... hmmmm


Floor: #3
Post Time: 29th October 2012, 04:03 PM
Poster ID: Wcasua
Post Title: 
 Chinese ORIENTAL MASSAGE - Gold Coast
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Kylie

Establishment : Oriental Massage - next to Miami Convenience Store (in building where the bait shop was)
https://maps.google.com.au/maps?oe=U...ed=0CAsQ_AUoAg

Date of Visit : 18/10/2012

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Shop 4, 2088 Gold Coast Highway, Miami, Mobile: 0431 767 168 (cnr 
Dawn Parade & Gold Coast HWay)

Hours of Business : 10am - late

Rates : $60/hr - $90 for 90min

Age : 19

Size/shape : Small Taiwanese girl 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese / Taiwanese

Services Provided : Very good deep massage

Value for money/recommend? : In my honest opinion YES, oil used was one of the best and girl knew what she was doing. In my mind - Ideal for a quick after work relax. 

My experience/comments : Went in for a 1hr massage and ended up staying an extra 30min for $90. Excellent quality massage - After a wonderful 60 min massage I was asked if I wanted extra special massage - of course I said yes. The place has only recently opened I think and the girl was maybe a bit nervous. She gave me a good rub on the inside of legs right up in to my crotch - this got me going and soon there was some serious hand tugging going on. My only problem is that the cubicles are small and open at the top. I lost so much momentum as I was constantly trying to keep the noise down and landed up with soiled rods. I gave the girl an extra $40 and paid the extra $30 for the 30 min extra massage. All up $140 and to be honest the quality of the massage was wonderful but it is not the type of place you want to go to get a FS. HJ was enough and is only enough if you can keep the noise down. 

PRO's: Friendly, good quality massage and worth the money spent.
CON's: You can hear what everyone is talking about. 

Will I return again? Maybe not if I wanted a FS or another HJ but if I need the simple $60 for 60min massage then yes.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 24th August 2015, 11:37 AM
Poster ID: caybee
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Mu Yen.

Establishment : HQ Oriental Massage.

Date of Visit : 19. Aug. 2015.

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Shop 4,2088 Gold Coast Hwy Miami. Ph(07)55358818. Mob:0431 767168.

Hours of Business : 7 Days. 9am-7pm.

Rates : 1Hr...$60. Half Hr $30. Extras ?? Didn't indulge.

Age : Mid 30's.

Size/shape : Average, size 7 or 8. 'B' cups.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Didn't ask. But looked Chinese.

Services Provided : Massage, with offer.

Value for money/recommend? : No way; extremely underwhelming. 

My experience/comments : 
After my session at Thai Orchid I felt the need to visit somewhere else..I decided to try HQ in Miami,as I had not been there before..
It's a small shopfront on the cnr. of the Gold Coast Hwy and Dawn Pde, it's on a set of traffic lights and very open to the GCHW. So if you're the shy type, best to make your entrance when the traffic is zooming through.
On entering I was met by a tallish, dark skinned lady in her thirties; not too bad I don't suppose; I couldn't pick her nationality ( possibly Indian in there somewhere?). Anyway opted for the $30. half Hr option (thank God) and was taken into the room, told to undress and lay on the table, she then left.. The first thing I noticed was that the room was dingy and dirty looking and the walls missed the roof by nearly a metre, also the table was covered by a wrinkled(obviously used)towel with an un-folded towel at the foot end.(once again used)..I thought she would come back to change them, but this didn't happen; so I gave up, turned the towel over and mounted; a minute or so later a different girl entered (Mu-Yen)...Without going into too much detail; the massage was crap and her demeanour was also crap.. During this (crap) massage there was no semblance of tease , touch or erotic content to brighten things up even a little...As a result, on the turn Caybee Jr resembled a wet noodle, and I had no desire at all to take things further..She made a grab for Jr, and when I declined, her face clouded over like a summer thunderstorm..She quickly finished and departed..
Would I return??.....Never!!
In ending I would like to say that at no time was I in any way rude, grumpy or unpleasant, so I can't understand her sour demeanour which was evident from the outset.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 24th August 2015, 12:12 PM
Poster ID: WOTAN01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
caybee you are having a bad run of luck recently unfortunately. Better luck next time.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 24th August 2015, 01:13 PM
Poster ID: caybee
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Wotan10, Yes , my less than satisfactory punts seem to be down the Southern Suburbs. But, such is (punting) life. My last at Thai Orchid (no HE) was entirely my own fault as I didn't ask. But as I said, I'm pretty sure it was there if I'd only asked.
But generally I would say the good (punts) are ahead of the bad.
Cheers.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 26th November 2016, 01:22 PM
Poster ID: kapai
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sarny or Sani

Establishment : HQ Miami

Date of Visit : 12 nov 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 55723888

Hours of Business : 9-9

Rates : Starts @30 for 30

Age : 40's

Size/shape : Ave body face not attractive

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Rub +HE

Value for money/recommend? : No

My experience/comments : Rang here in search of Coco but told she has gone back to China for 6 weeks but offered another nice young lady so I headed down the GCHW to Miami. On entering greeted by Sarny and told 30 for 30min so off to room expecting a young masseuse. Not impressed with room but table was a large solid wooden structure. Undressed and waited what seemed like 15 min and in came Sarny and said other girl busy as customer had extended so it was her to do massage. Reluctantly continued and not much to write about the massage which amounted to rubbing oil all over back and legs without any real technique. She had some English so tried to make things interesting but no real interest from her part and next minute it was turnover time. She indicated HE so I reluctantly nodded thinking perhaps she would be experienced but that too was a disappointment. She was having trouble finishing me off so I rubbed around outside her clothes hoping that would help and finally cum. The cleanup was poor and a poor experience concluded. Now when leaving I had to ask for my change and this wasn't easy. Claimed because I touched her she wanted to keep, it was then her English deteriorated and I had to explain to other nice young lady that had now completed her session. So I was then given change and left. Now I would warn against Sarny but other young lady looked interesting and I have also seen young ones there when driving past so a bit of a lottery.


Floor: #8
Post Time: 17th December 2017, 09:57 PM
Poster ID: firieflame
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Don't know (couldn't get a word in)

Establishment : HQ Oriental Massage

Date of Visit : 17/12/2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Shop 4, 2088 gold coast Highway, Miami, 07 55723888

Hours of Business : 9am - 7pm

Rates : $60 1hr, $80 Naked R&T

Age : 20 something

Size/shape : Chubby but OK

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Massage, R&T

Value for money/recommend? : Fuck No Sadly

My experience/comments :
I know the date on the original review was a while ago but it sounded OK so I thought I'd take a punt. What a disaster. There was an older massage lady and another girl who wasn't there when I arrived but was due in 15 minutes so I assumed the position and relaxed. About 25 minutes later the girl arrived and started a very soft and ordinary massage. It sounded like she had a how to massage guide on my butt she kept referring to and flipping over.
When it came time for me to flip over she asked if I'd like help with "that" and I said yes. I asked how much for nude and she said how much would I give her. Apparently the standard $50 for Sydney doesn't wash up here so it ended up being $80. A little expensive but OK if was a good finish. Nope. Another clusterfuck. She got nude but didn't like her tits being touched and spent a while just kind of batting my dick around like a cat with a ball of wool, asking me what I thought of Donald Trump. Well not enough to get hard so she said are you gonna cum or what. Eventually she straddled my body and let me view her pussy whilst she stoked properly and the end arrived. Then she chucks a towel on my dick and wipes the cum up my chest.
I guess this is why I keep going back to my favourite haunt. They'd never do this shit there. Fuck punting for a while.


