Floor: #1
Post Time: 27th May 2012, 06:20 PM
Poster ID: eastcoastxxx
Post Title: 
 2468 Gold Coast Hwy, Mermaid Beach - 0450 028 808 / 5661 2854
				
Post Content: 
Today I was just driving to the south on Gold Coast Highway from Broadbeach and have seen that there's a new massage place opened in Mermaid Beach.
It says Asian Massage & beauty NOW OPEN.
Did anyone happen to check this place at 2468 GC Hwy?


Floor: #2
Post Time: 5th July 2012, 10:52 PM
Poster ID: Need1
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I went a week ago. It is new got a great massage by a young Taiwanese girl. Nothing else on offer


Floor: #3
Post Time: 15th December 2012, 05:47 PM
Poster ID: yibbayabba
Post Title: 
 Mermaid Beach Massage
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Dont Know + Nicole (did the switch at the end)

Establishment : GC Hwy Asian Massage & Beauty

Date of Visit : 14 Dec 2012

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 2468 GC Hwy Mermaid Beach

Hours of Business : not sure

Rates : 60/hr +

Age : First lady mid 20's second late 30's

Size/shape : typical skinny Asian

Nationality or Ethnicity : first lady Chinese second thai 

Services Provided : Massage

Value for money/recommend? : Not bad value 

My experience/comments : Went for a massage was $60/hr + $20 to leave happy. The lady who does the happy massage was busy so I had to have another girl for the first 50 minutes. Her massage was quite good, nice and firm but there was no real method to her madness she kept jumping from legs to back etc. Overall not too bad. 50 minutes was up so in came the late 30's Thai lady (Nicole) she gave a good massage, didnt just jump straight down to business so took her time and gave everything a good rub. 

In the end I walked out $80 lighter and reasonably happy...will probably go back.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 2nd February 2013, 04:40 PM
Poster ID: Sebastian081
Post Title: 
 Rubbish - will not return
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Yuminko

 Establishment : Asian massage

 Date of Visit : 01/02/2013

 Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Deleted number

 Hours of Business : Not sure

 Rates : 30 min / 50 - 60 mins / 100

 Age : early 20's

 Size/shape : 10...but tall and firm....small boobs

 Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

 Services Provided : Massage & happy ending

 Value for money/recommend? : NO WAY!

 My experience/comments : So I visited this place after walking past many times before. Instantly the smell was too Asian for me. I asked for a half hour massage with the girl behind the counter who was the best out of the 3 available. I was taken to the massage room and it was a soft curtained room and you could hear a pin drop in anywhere in the entire place. I received my massage and was asked to turn over for the finale. I asked her for and extras and she refused and continued to wake up little roger. It wasn't the best rhythm hj so I started to get stressed wondering if I was able to finish. She get rougher and rougher and I asked to give up. Let me tell you....my nuts are still sore! So I walked out of there thinking to myself....gee I wish I continued to walk past that place. The End


Floor: #5
Post Time: 28th June 2013, 10:04 AM
Poster ID: dreamszt
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Saw Amy yesterday; Chinese in her late 30's. $60 per hour and she did a really good job on the massage part. She was very friendly and alternated between proper massage and soft touch to turn me on. When I turned over I had a huge hard on and she started massaging my leg and asked if I wanted a happy ending for $20, which I took. The place has curtains separating the stalls and there was a middle aged couple who had just come in. It kind of made it hot, hearing this old Aussie woman talking to her masseuse while I was 100 cm away getting a great handjob. She really worked it and was one of the best I've had in a while (YMMV). Will be back, one of the Taiwanese staff they had was very pretty and I could hear her client chatting her up rather than getting a massage for about 30 minutes (what kind of asshole tries to chat up and date these chicks? He kept forcing her to take his number, it was funny).


Floor: #6
Post Time: 28th June 2013, 03:00 PM
Poster ID: WOTAN01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
dreamszt please use the Template when making your reports as outlined in http://auxxxreviews.com/forum/f55/ex...t-review-9481/.

Wotan010


Floor: #7
Post Time: 17th September 2013, 03:46 PM
Poster ID: maxwell
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lucy	

Establishment : GC Hwy Asian Massage & Beauty

Date of Visit : August 2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 2468 GC Hwy Mermaid Beach


Rates : 60

Age : 35

Size/shape : Tight 6, A or small B’s

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai 

Services Provided : Massage, HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes 

My experience/comments : 

I didn’t have any time to do any research, and didn’t even know there were so many reviews in the QLD section… Sorry QLD brothers. Just saw the big “Asian Massage” sign out the front and took a punt.

Opened the sliding doors and place seemed empty. Knocked around and tried to make some noise without being too obvious. Still no one coming out. Was about to take off, when down the hallway, I spied a sexy little thing in those gym tights. Obviously she didn’t know I was there, and came rushing down to me. “massage”?? hell yeah…

I didn’t know where this was going to go, so I opted for the safe 30 mins.

Took everything off, and she covered me up with the towel. No aversion to my nudity. Was a bloody good massage, and I told her so… so she suggested I stay another half. Why the hell not.

As we hit the 50 min mark, she did the universal hand gesture with the question mark look. Um…. Yes please.

Asked her to take her clothes off, but she I remember she wanted way too much for it. So I just went for the standard HJ. Still a great experience, considering no research. 

Im not in Surfers very often, but would I return to this place? Maybe. Would I see her again? Yes.


Floor: #8
Post Time: 27th November 2013, 12:21 PM
Poster ID: Sgon
Post Title: 
 Asian Massage - 2468 Gold Coast Highway, Mermaid Beach - 07 5679 0733
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Nicole

Establishment : Asian Massage and Beauty

Date of Visit : 26 November

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 2468 Gold Coast Highway, Mermaid Beach. 07 56790733
Hours of Business : 9am till late

Rates : $60/hr +

Age : Early 30s

Size/shape : size 6-8 at a guess, nice d cup

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian, guessing Malay

Services Provided : Massage with HE

Value for money/recommend? : Definitely

My experience/comments : 

Had a spare hour to kill so stopped in at this place, no idea what to expect.  Greeted by a lovely lady at the door who was very friendly, asked how much for a 1 hr massage, so thought would give it a go for $60.

She showed me into a room, they are private rooms not curtained off or like, and I was greeted by the lovely Nicole.  Not beautiful, but quite cute, very friendly, great bod.

Started with the massage and it was one of the best massages I've had in a while.  Nicole has very soft hands and a very good technique, seriously good massage.  When she moved down to do my legs and ass there was some nice tickles in all the right areas, brushing the boys to spark the interest, and one of the best bum massages I've had.  Sweet!

On the turn it was clear to Nicole that I was fully awake, so started on my legs and brushed the old fella several times to make things interesting.  Moved to my stomach and then brushed him several times and gestured with a smile, I nodded.  Asked for tip and I offered $20, all good.

Then proceeded to get one of the best HJ ever, soft and had an amazing style, very sensual, and Nicole enjoyed it (or at least is a very convincing actress).  She was super friendly the whole time and I thoroughly enjoyed every minute of it.  Some nice chat afterwards and friendly to the end.

A top result for a pure punt. I will be back for sure.

Enjoy


Floor: #9
Post Time: 13th December 2013, 01:49 AM
Poster ID: redlight
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Anyone else had a good experience in this place. I been there once but was really frustrating....  wondering if i was just unlucky


Floor: #10
Post Time: 17th February 2015, 02:02 PM
Poster ID: kapai
Post Title: 
 FantAsia - Mermaid Beach - 0450 028 808
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Yuka


Establishment : FantAsia



Date of Visit : 7 Feb 2015



Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Shop 7 2468 GCHY Mermaid Beach:0450028808



Hours of Business : 7- late



Rates : start @ 30 for 30.



Age : mid twenty's



Size/shape : nice shape tattoo on legs, copper coloured skin nice pleasant face



Nationality or Ethnicity : HK



Services Provided : R&T



Value for money/recommend? : OK for starters



My experience/comments : This is a new Red shop and nicely renovated with walls to the ceiling about 4 rooms with aircon in each. Yuka has good English and introduced herself at the beginning and discuss options for massage and we were underway with a firm solid massage and good conversation. Only been in jod 6 weeks so didn't expect too much but when turn over came ask if I want hand job and replied that was the only extra she did so fair enough no problem and as I was a little disappointed she had her work cut getting me to stand but she showed good technique and eventually achieved it only when I rubbed her legs although she was not too comfortable with this. So not a great punt but an introduction to a new shop for the team. Incidently the owner also has Warongary and Merimac and the girls rotate a little as some are fresh on the scene. Also noticed an older lady there but not interested. I believe there may be potential here when the new girls learn the power of money.


Floor: #11
Post Time: 17th February 2015, 02:21 PM
Poster ID: kapai
Post Title: 
 FantAsia
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : FIFI


Establishment : FantAsia



Date of Visit : 15-2-15



Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Shop 7 2468 GCHY Mermaid Beach



Hours of Business : & - late usally about 9sh



Rates :30 for 30: 50 for 60 min :20 hj only: 50 for nude hj



Age : 21



Size/shape : tiny shapely average Asian look. Cute sense of humour



Nationality or Ethnicity : Taiwan



Services Provided : Massage and nude Hand job



Value for money/recommend? : Goog first up.



My experience/comments : Fifi had a special add running on Locanto which she did not even know about as her boss had posted it. Been in Australia 3 weeks and a little shy Massage was average and on turn over was happy to give handjob so ii tried the nude question and 5 fingers saw her clothes come off except undies as she had her period. Not too bad for this little shy girl and she was full of questions about what I get at other shops so I used the time to my benefit and with a promise from her more next time she gave me the address of the merimac shop so that if I liked her  I could make book to make sure she was on duty so all good. As she had only just learnt to massage and tug the experience was ok however the hunter instinct in me may just take me to her again. I love the little ones. So all you punters that have been to this area I be interested if she progresses into a little star. Her first ad on Locanto had her face but was soon edited out I believe.


Floor: #12
Post Time: 17th February 2015, 02:24 PM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thank you for your discovery and review kapai.

Here's a web page for them, FantAsia Massage, Mermaid Beach - Massage


Floor: #13
Post Time: 4th July 2015, 02:26 PM
Poster ID: caybee
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Kiki...(I thought she said Fifi, but she spelt it as Kiki.)

Establishment : FantAsia.

Date of Visit : 3.July. 2015.

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 2468. Gold Coast Hwy Mermaid Beach.

Hours of Business : 7 Days. 9Am till late.

Rates : 30 min.$30...45min.$45...60min.$50...90min $80...120min $100...Dual Massage...$100.

Age : Early 20's

Size/shape : Small, size 6. Small 'B' cups. Pretty,with a cute face and tidy body.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese.(Hong Kong.)

Services Provided : Maggage HE.

Value for money/recommend? : Maybe. See comment in post.

My experience/comments : Just ok.

Had a leave pass for a couple of hours yesterday to clear up some chores. So, naturally I took advantage to also pursue some punting...First stop was at Sapa(Jacky)for a warm up...Nothing further to report on this place: HE still too expensive; although a great massage and semi tease...Anyway, got the chores out of the way and still had a little time left, so off to get the itch scratched....I was in the Mermaid Beach area so called into FantAsia, was met at reception by Kiki,given prices,(opted for 30mins)and taken to the room (there are five I counted) which was at the back on the left...The room was smallish but roomy enough and very clean, walls all the way to the ceiling and the door is lockable.
On with the action..Undressed, and Kki was back within 1 minute(I hadn't finished undressing).. Onto the table and the action began; not a massage but a light body rub.There was a bit of crack,sack and dick tease happening during the proceedings..
At last I was asked to flip. After a brief moment of or two of attention the question was asked; enquired as to prices and was told $20.for HJ...$50.for nude HJ...And,$100.for BJ..The BJ option was far too much IMHO. Anyway went for $20. HJ.This was performed quite nicely thank you....And like Alice at Body Sensual, Kiki didn't stop the action at the time of eruption, but kept going till I was completely drained....She then cleaned me up using hot towels for a minute or so, then said finished..WTF.. I had only been there about 20mins, so, was definitely short changed....I didn't make an issue of it as I was beginning to seriously run out of time;so it was probably advantageous to me...But, be aware, it seems this girl just wants to get you in, get you off and get you out ASAP..But, who knows? She may be better with someone younger or clicks with.

In the end I probably wouldn't return; due mainly to their location and the fact there are heaps shops in that area....

PS:- Prior to FantAsia I had called into a shop at 2440 GC.Hwy. called Thai Orchid...Asked for 1/2 hr. Was just about to go in when I saw a sign stating: no sexual services (Bummer)..Made an excuse that I had misread my watch and didn't have time.
Normally this wouldn't worry me, I would try them anyway,but time was tight I wasn't going to waste any of it, just on the off chance something may or may not be on offer..

I can't find any reference to Thai Orchid in any posts on AUSxxx..So, if anyone has any intel on them, I would be grateful to hear it..Thanks in advance..

.


Floor: #14
Post Time: 16th November 2015, 02:46 PM
Poster ID: hgry1
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Caybee, I only just saw this review and its probably irrelevant now but the $100 option would have been for all three... (just sharing  ) ... anyway I believe the young fifi/kiki has possibly moved on ...


Floor: #15
Post Time: 14th February 2016, 10:09 AM
Poster ID: kapai
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Nora

Establishment : Fantasia

Date of Visit : 13-02-2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 2468 GCHY Mermaid Beach: 0450028808

Hours of Business : 9- late about 11.00pm

Rates : Start @ 30 for 30 min

Age : mid 20's

Size/shape : Pleasant face size 10-12 solid not fat. Massive boobs

Nationality or Ethnicity : Taiwanese

Services Provided : Rub and topless bbbj

Value for money/recommend? : ok

My experience/comments : Have had some good times here with Kiki Fifi and Amy in the past about 6months ago so thought I would try the waters see whats happening here now as there had been some mixed reviews of late. Went about 7.30 pm and hoping not to see the gym lady reviewed earlier and greeted by Nora with good English and very confident sort of girl. Asked how long I wanted and said she would be doing massage so 30 min agreed for $30. Off to the end room and told to take off clothes and she returned in 1 min with change and waited while I finished undressing. Very talkative at this stage and what mounted to a pretty rough rub commenced. I dropped a few names of past girls which I find can be beneficial at times and she told me Amy was not working now as she was pregnant to a customer but didn't know who.!!!!!!!!. After 10-15 minutes of this rough rub with some touching asked to turn and asked what I would like for extras. As she had her period I chose topless bj for $80 had asked for 100 but on promise to return accepted. So straight to business and an aggressive and toothie bbbj commenced. She revealed these massive boobs with large dark nipples which were more than a mouthful for sure. I nearly hd to stop her as the teeth were becoming a little painful but the ending came in time. She was like a pitbull on my cock and seemed to enjoy herself and I suspect more may be on the menu if I were to return. So all up @110 so not cheap in relation to 120-130 with some sweet young FS provider. She was very passionate in what she was doing but I like the soft sensual touch so for that reason not in a hurry to return won't say never.


Floor: #16
Post Time: 14th February 2016, 03:52 PM
Poster ID: WOTAN01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Good to see you back reviewing again after your absence kapai.


Floor: #17
Post Time: 23rd May 2016, 10:22 PM
Poster ID: gccomputerguy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Koi

Establishment : Mermaid Massage and Beauty

Date of Visit : 21/5/16

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 2468 Gold Coast Highway, Mermaid Beach. 07 56790733
Hours of Business : 9am till late

Rates : $30/ 30mins

Age : Early 30s

Size/shape : size 6-8 ,  c cup

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian, 
Services Provided : Massage with HE

Value for money/recommend? : Definitely

My experience/comments : 
Rocked up here and entered. Was greeted by a stunning asian named Koi. Nice long legs and nice titties aswell. Shown to room and nuded up. She come in and asked the usual, hard, med or soft. I opted for hard. I got a good hard massage. While doing my shoulders she pushed her leg between my hands and and while doing my legs she jammed her soft knee up against my cock n balls, also got a few light touches on the ball sack and old fella while massaging my thighs. On the rolls over she's working around the tops of my legs and I grab that gorgous ass. She looks and smiles & says " It's nice down there" which I eagerly nodded. She gestured $20 to the tug. I aksed for topless. She wouldn't budge past 40. So I agreed. I got to suck those lovely asian nipples while she stuffed her tits in my face and I gropped and sqeezed her ass while she worked my cock. I exploded everywhere as she says "ooooh like volcanoe"... it had been a while.... all in all a great experience. Don't be put off by the "Non Sexual Service" sign.... hehe


