Thread Title: 32 Griffith St, Coolangatta - 07 5536 6628
Floor: #1
Post Time: 2nd November 2013, 10:09 PM
Poster ID: gccomputerguy
Post Title: 
 32 Griffith St, Coolangatta - 07 5536 6628
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Mia

Establishment: Massage Shop

Contact Details/Address: 32 Griffith St Coolangatta - 0755366628

Date: 02/11/2013

Hours of Business: 9am til late

Prices:varies - $30 for 30 min

Age:20ish

Size/shape:Slim Asian


Services: RnT

Value for money/recommend? Maybe



Other comments:
Was after a release so headed out to try a new joint. Found this one as I was driving through Cooly, so dropped in. Prices are very reasonable & they also have a 4 hand option. Opted for the standard 30min for $30. Just as I was leaving the foyer to be shown to the room, I notice a sign thats says "Smile you are on camera"... so they have camera's in the foyer but I didn't notice any more. I was shown through a door to the rear of the shop... WOW!!! They have about 10 rooms out back. All with solid walls & doors, but the walls down go to the ceiling. The place looks super clean.  I nude up and lay on the table. On entering I get asked the usual soft, med or hard. I opt for the med. An ok massage ensues, but she doen't use enough oil, so after a while it is starting to hurt a bit. At no point does she do my legs and she concentrates entirely on my upper back. She finishes up and then asks if I'd like the special, to which I eagerly nod. Enter another nice filly to finish me off. She has a nice rack, but declines when I ask if I can touch. Pretty mechanical but I get over the line. It really puts me off when the girls tag team at the end. She cleans me up and while I'm getting dressed she strips the table & puts all new towels down. Over all, this place has potential, but there are girls there that won't to the whole lot.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 3rd November 2013, 10:35 PM
Poster ID: gccomputerguy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Forgot to add, it was an extra $20 for the special.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 10th April 2014, 02:30 PM
Poster ID: HornyHoratio
Post Title: 
 32 Griffith St, Coolangatta - 07 5536 6628
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : She didn't mention her name

Establishment : Asian Massage Shop

Date of Visit : Wed 9/4/2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 32 Griffiths St Coolangatta, 07 5536 6628

Hours of Business : 9am-6pm

Rates : $45 45mins (my selection), $60 /hr, +20 Tug
Age : mid 30's my guess

Size/shape : size 10 slim, no noticeable boobs, fully clothed

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Full Body Massage, plus (shhhh) optional todger tug

Value for money/recommend? : Yes / Maybe in some circumstances as I'll explain below ...

My experience/comments : After completing some errands in Cooly, I walked past this shop and recall seeing ads for this place in Locanto Personal Services and GC Bulletin so I decided to try it out to see what their "full body" massage entailed, as the content of their ads I recall hinted at more than just a simple body rub.
Considering the shopfront consisted of big glass sliding doors, fully opened, and reception desk about 3 paces in from the sidewalk busy with QLD school holidaymakers, tourists and locals, I went looking for a more discrete entrance. Fortunately, down an arcade to the back of the shop complex, there is a well signposted rear "tradesman's" entrance straight from the carpark into the shop. 

THE PREMISES:
After knocking at the locked rear door, a Chinese lady let me in to a small kitchenette room (also seems to serve as the staff hang-out) then down a long corridor(walking towards the shop front) with massage cubicles on each side, formed from panelling partition walls going only three-quarters the way to the ceiling. The corridor is not visible from the shop front due to an "L" angle in the wall partition. The Chinese lady (who was to be my ML - I didn't get to choose) showed me into one of the cubicles, went through the times and prices and paid for 4mins. She asked me to undress and lie on the table, she then left with my payment. The cubicle consisted only of a seat in one corner, a coat hook, small shelf and massage table laid out with towels and face hole - clean, but no shower facilities although I overheard another client ask to go to the toilet. I stripped off completely and laid on my belly with facedown the hole - at this stage I wondered if this place was semi-legit and they expected me to have kept my undies on. 

THE MASSAGE:
 The ML returned, knocked to ask if she could come in (that was nice), slid the door closed and locked it (a curtain covers the cubicles' door opening). She asked if I wanted soft/medium/hard massage and she proceeded with a thorough hand/forearm massage from my neck and shoulders, gradually down my back, massaged my bum cheeks and down my legs to my feet. She stayed well clear of the inner upper thighs, bum crack and cock-ball area; I had my cock pointing towards my feet visible between my legs in hope it would receive a brush-by, but to no avail. Well into the massage I felt her leg close to my arm so tried the leg handrub but my arm was quickly but gently moved away with a polite "no, sorry dalin", before I could even reach her knee. All the time I was in the cubicle I could clearly hear the comings/goings of customers and faint sounds of the street noise out the front, although they had very soothing music playing inside the shop loud enough to dominate over the people noise. Before I turned onto my back I overheard a lady (sounded like in her forties) who (in prominent voice) wanted a (sore) neck/back rub, a while since she'd had a massage and asked if she should take her undies off or just her bra and leave her G-string on. Just at this time, I could make out coming from the next cubicle, the faint but unmistakeable sound of oil squelching through a hand as a part of someone's anatomy was receiving about 120 strokes a minute. This was starting to stiffen my cock in anticipation of what to come for me.

THE TURNOVER:
After flipping on my back at MLs request, she placed a towel on my belly and gestured with her hand (wank ?), then 2 fingers ($20) as she whispered we need to be quiet because of the G-string lady a couple of cubicles away. Applying plenty of oil, before long the though of the G-string lady (if only she knew!) had me hard and I blew a load into the towel. ML cleaned me up very thoroughly including the oil from the rest of my body but could still feel it on my skin after I left. I was dressed and left the same way out the back door. 

OVERALL:
Very cheap way to release some serious Chronic Semen Retention and I would definitely go back again - at that price can afford to try for 2 ML's back-to-back hourly sessions. Whereas I would receive some nice eye candy and touching of tits and pussy at Afterglow just down the road, this makes a pleasant alternative just to get a load (or two) off at a much cheaper price with a legit massage to go with it.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 26th May 2014, 11:57 AM
Poster ID: tugboat
Post Title: 
 32 Griffth Street Coolangatta
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Renee




Establishment : 32 Griffth Street, Coolangatta




Date of Visit : 25/5/14




Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 32 Griffth Street, Coolangatta




Hours of Business : 9am till late




Rates : $50 hour massage + $30 for HJ and naked




Age : 25?




Size/shape : C cup, bigger girl fat


Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese




Services Provided : HJ, Naked




Value for money/recommend? : Shit massage, alright at pulling it though, even if its a beast




My experience/comments :


Went for massage had a sore back, and a bit of release only girl available was the girl on desk, took me to the room i stripped gave me average massage, ended up finishing me off, cant really give to much detail other then she got naked, wasnt to interested in touching her as she was a beast, not something id want to touch.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 28th May 2014, 07:03 AM
Poster ID: tugboat
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by HornyHoratio


Person's Name : She didn't mention her name

Establishment : Asian Massage Shop

Date of Visit : Wed 9/4/2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 32 Griffiths St Coolangatta, 07 5536 6628
.

"""



they do have a shower by the way.

also this shop does get busy 