Thread Title: 35 Massage, New Shop  - Bundall (Gold Coast) - 07 5574 3997
Floor: #1
Post Time: 20th February 2015, 10:31 PM
Poster ID: caybee
Post Title: 
 35 Massage, New Shop  - Bundall (Gold Coast) - 07 5574 3997
				
Post Content: 
Out completing some unfinished jobs earlier this afternoon and found myself in the Bundall area....I remembered seeing an add in Tuesdays Bulletin stating





			
				Grand Opening. Lomi Lomi full body relaxing massage. 35 Crombie Av. Bundall.Ph 55743997'.
			
		

Now, some of you long time G.C. punters will probably remember, this was the address of a brothel some 28-30 years ago. I had visited it on more than 1 or 2 occasions. Anyhoo, as I was in the area I thought it would be wise to drop in and check it out. 

Surprise Surprise, large sign on the front window saying 35 Massage; sound familiar?__ It did to me.

I entered walked down a short hall to the desk, there I was greeted by Lilly, who is the mamasan  of 2 other establishments here on the G.C. You guessed it, another sister shop to '23 Massage Southport' and '25 Massage Labrador'.

I didn't stay to sample their service on this occasion as I was short on time, also, I have been to both the other shops and the experience is similar; although some girls are better than others. 

I probably will try it out at a later date and post a review. their hours and price structure is the same as for the others. $50. 1/2 hr and $80. 1 hr. inclusive.

This post is by way of a heads up for anyone contemplating a visit to this "new" venue. The girls from the other shops used to do shifts at both places, so I would expect it to be the same with this one.. 

Happy punting.

Cheers.....Caybee.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 5th October 2017, 10:39 AM
Poster ID: wingmanstinson
Post Title: 
 Sweet Sylvie
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sylvie

Establishment : As Above

Date of Visit : 04/10/2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : As Above

Hours of Business : 9-7pm

Rates : $50 Half Hour inclusive

Age : Maybe Late 30's but I'm not sure. Asians are so hard to pin point!

Size/shape : Size 10-12, no real bust though

Nationality or Ethnicity : Korean

Services Provided : Massage with Relief

Value for money/recommend? : Yes/Yes

My experience/comments : 

Having left the joke of Collingwood on tuesday I was feeling at ill-ease with my ever enlarging blue balls. With the returned $50 in my pocket, I set off down the road to this ever reliable shop. You know what you're going to get and they have a good shower with body wash so you're not left with eau de massage all over your body and clothes.

Sylvie greeted me at the reception and I payed by eftpos before telling me that another bird would be seeing me. 

I pleaded politely that I was wanting to see her as she is nice and she definitely knows her way around a cock.

She eventually came back to my pleasant surprise.

Sylvie hasn't seen me for at least a year but still knew what I liked and from the get go she was fondling my balls like no one's business!

Sylvie's strokes are just to my taste and although she likes the balls she leaves the cock for a bit later on but by that stage i'm on all fours and she's basically milking me!

Time to turn over and it's a rather pleasant front massage where she intimately worships the cock and takes her time.

The only issue with Sylvie is that you cannot touch her at all but I think the massage and relief makes up for this fact. There are others at this shop that will go naked and are happy for you to touch them but they don't do as good a job so it's a thing i'm willing to accept.

Enjoy Gents


Floor: #3
Post Time: 26th August 2018, 03:05 PM
Poster ID: wingmanstinson
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Gents whilst looking for a worthwhile punt, I called these guys to see if they had any non-asian girls working. 

Funnily enough a white girl with the most eloquent English had picked up the phone and answered with impeccable demeanour.

Unfortunately she said she was only the receptionist but you never know. Does anyone have further intel on this lassie?


