Thread Title: 444 George Street, Brisbane
Floor: #1
Post Time: 21st March 2017, 08:54 AM
Poster ID: Charles
Post Title: 
 444 George Street, Brisbane
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lae & Alice

Establishment : AAA Massage (I think)

Date of Visit : Tue 14/03/17

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 444 George Street, Brisbane (right next door to Greyhound Wicked Travel!)

Hours of Business : 10am to 7pm

Rates : $70/60 mins + $50 for hj

Age : Lae: early 20s, Alice: early 30s

Size/shape : Lae: slim and tall, Alice: Short

Nationality or Ethnicity : PRC

Services Provided : Massage and HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes (for Brisbane)

My experience/comments: In Brissie for one day (and night) I was wandering around after work trying to find a rnt place. They were nowhere to be seen! I don't know Brisbane at all, but I found what appeared to be the central area with a large Mall and also wandered around the surrounding streets - nothing! I only saw one solitary massage place which looked seriously legit! I'd given up and was going back to my hotel when I noticed a sign for a little hole in the wall place just around the corner from my hotel. I'd walked right past it without noticing it earlier!

It was close to 7pm when I walked up the stairs, past a place that looked like a nail salon with a woman and a single customer in there. I went into the massage place and immediately thought I was on a sure thing. It was no more than some sheets hung up to create a space with a couple of massage tables in it. Alice told me to take a seat while she got the table ready. She then asked if it was okay if Lae massaged my back, and she massaged my front. Sure!

Lae's massage was average. She used a towel on my legs while she massaged my back, but when she moved to my legs she folded it up to the top of my bum so everything would have been on display. There was no tackle tickle though. When she finished she left, I thought to get a wet towel to wipe the oil off, but instead Alice came in and asked me to turn over.

She didn't bother with a towel and started massaging my stomach and legs, brushing against my cock and balls. Her intent was obvious and I was quickly rock hard. She offered a hj but wanted $50 and I said that I thought that was very expensive. She explained that it was more expensive than Sydney because she is taking a greater risk. I asked if Lae would join in, but she said she had gone home, so I asked if she would get naked. She agreed to topless, and so I said okay, 

Her hj technique was good. Teasing at first and then speeding up as I got close to blowing, She also rubbed her (smallish) tits against my cock and I'm afraid I was very ungentlemanly and blew my load over them. She didn't mind at all. 

I was lucky to find this place, and it seems the setup is that only Alice does the hj's, although it would have been nice to get Lae to join in as well.


