Thread Title: 45 Station St, Nerang Qld - 0497 978 552
Floor: #1
Post Time: 11th July 2014, 10:01 PM
Poster ID: niteowl
Post Title: 
 45 Station St, Nerang Qld - 0497 978 552
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sorry I didn't catch the name

Establishment : 45 Station Street Nerang (down the stairs underneath the "Close Shave" barber shop

Date of Visit : 10/07/14

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Sorry, this was a walk in, and I haven't been able to find a number despite Googling a bit

Hours of Business : 9am to late

Rates : 30 half 60 1hr as well as other options including a sauna

Age : Early twenties?

Size/shape : Nice young fit Asian girl

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian

Services Provided : Legit massage :-(

Value for money/recommend? : Yes, it was a nice massage at a good price

My experience/comments :

Sorry about the lack of contact details, and girl's name.  Hopefully I'll be able to update the contact details, or someone else can if they decide to try to one-up me and get a tug.  I reckon it's definitely on the cards.  It looks promising going by the signs out front, one of which is a silhouette of a hot Asian in skimpy clothes.  There's also the usually good indicator of a box of tissues in the room.

Not too much to say really.  The ML was a cute young Asian girl, wearing a nice tight white top, but stayed clothed the entire time of course.  The first thing that made me think it was going to be a straight massage was how long it was taking to get to the flip.  Also, there was no wandering hands close to the tackle (I went the full monty) and I was well covered with a towel the whole time.  On flipping over, another towel was added to cover the tackle, which meant I was well and truly covered.

The massage was really nice.  I asked for firm, and it was a good pressure without being painful, and I felt a nice caring touch in her hands that made me feel really good.  To be honest I was enjoying it so much I was half hoping it would end with a HE, just so I could soak up the "goodness" of the experience.

The door don't lock (well, the room I had didn't), and walls don't go all the way up to the ceiling, so noise really travels and I heard a few other guys come and go, adn every conversation while I was there.  When it was all done I got up and was gathering my clothes when an older Asian lady popped her head in and asked "how you feel... happy"?  I was standing there with my junk out.  I nearly said I could've been "happier" but thought I'd just leave it be.

So all in all it was a nice experience, and I would go back again, but no extras for me this time.

Incidentally, I tried this shop because Elly's looked to be closed when I drove by, but by the time I'd finished my massage Elly's was open.  Also, I did see on the price list, the shop name up the top said Reedy Creek Rd Massage, so it must be connected somehow (not that I've been to or heard of one of Reedy Creek Rd).  It quite clearly isn't Reedy Creek Rd.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 12th July 2014, 05:23 AM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thank you for your discovery niteowl.

Could this be the place ?






 Originally Posted by http://goldcoast.locanto.com.au/ID_254241571/Nerang-Young-attractive-Asian-girls-Best-full-body-massage.html

Nerang. Young & attractive Asian girls. Best full body massage - 21

Nerang at last. New massage shop. All welcome!!! 
A touch of silk massage....
Attractive, Young and Experienced girls from china, Taiwan and hongkong 
Clean and Private individual rooms
Excellent full body oil massage 

Opening special
$50 for 1 hour
$30 for 1/2 hour

Dual massage 
$50 for 1/2 hour
$100 for 1 hour

All day free parking and private parking available
Open 7 days 09:00am to 09:00pm
Next to M1

Please call 0755004335 now.!!


No. That is Elly's Beauty Therapy I think.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 12th July 2014, 07:52 AM
Poster ID: niteowl
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hi Fartichoke - I saw that ad too, but I agree with you, I think that's the phone number for Elly's. I seem to recall the number for this place had 1's, 8's and 9's in it (local 55 number, not the mobile), but that said, the number I saw was the one on the Reedy Creek Rd menu so I wouldn't go by that one. Unless one shop closed, and another one opened within the same number. There was no pricing for dual massages either.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 12th July 2014, 12:42 PM
Poster ID: kapai
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
That's the way some shops advertise so as to create interest eg. Mikki does it all the time on locanto and in bully for her three shops @mermaid broadbeach and sthport. Highlights a new girl or intake of new girls. Elly used to work for mikki so same idea.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 17th July 2014, 09:10 AM
Poster ID: niteowl
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I found the ad.  They're advertising in the GC Bully under the Trades and Services section.  I also saw the Reedy Ck Rd ad in that section too.





			
				NEW Massage Spa, $50 open special, free sauna, 45 Station St, Nerang. 9 - Late. 0497 978 552 - See more at: A - Trades & Services - Professional Services & Equipment - NewsClassifieds






			
				Chinese Massage/Spa shop Young beautiful staff. 7days 339 Reedy Ck Rd Burleigh. 5518 4499 - See more at: NEW - Trades & Services - Professional Services & Equipment - NewsClassifieds


Like I say, it's the Reedy Ck Rd number they are handing out at the Nerang shop for some reason.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 15th November 2014, 05:38 PM
Poster ID: niteowl
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Linda

Establishment : 45 Station Street Nerang (down the stairs underneath the "Close Shave" barber shop

Date of Visit : 15/11/14

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0497978552 + various ads on Locanto e.g. http://goldcoast.locanto.com.au/ID_3...ian-Girls.html

Hours of Business : 9am to late

Rates : 30 half 60 1hr as well as other options including a sauna

Age : Dunno... about 30?

Size/shape : Kind of stocky but OK

Nationality or Ethnicity : Taiwanese

Services Provided : RnT

Value for money/recommend? : Yes/Yes

My experience/comments :

Not much to say about this one, but can confirm they do RnT now.  They probably always have, and I just dipped out on the previous visit  I'd already rubbed a couple out this morning, so the tank was pretty empty.  With that in mind, I was just feeling like a nice relaxing massage, so thought I'd take another one for team to see if another attempt at this place would pay dividends, without caring too much if a happy ending eventuated or not... but it did :-)

Pretty standard fair Gold Coast RnT routine.  Good massage, just the right pressure - I'm feeling it now.  Nice lady, fairly solid legs, with nice full breasts wearing a nice little black mini dress.  Not much in the way of a tease while face down.  On the turn over, Linda placed a little towel over my cock but left my balls pretty well exposed.  Upper thigh massage with plenty of bumping into the sack to set the scene, then she leaned in to put the question to me holding up two fingers... I said yes please.  Oiled up the now stiffening cock, and proceeded with a very nice slow build up, using plenty of varying techniques, twisting and turning her hands and playing with my nipples etc.  Built up to a faster pace after about 5 minutes, and kept to a medium speed to really build me up to the finale which came after about 10 minutes.  So, it was a pretty nice unrushed tug really.

After a clean up, the massage continued face up, and Linda got fairly chatty, talking about her home land, Taiwanese manufacturing, food exports and learning English.  She speaks quite good English and has a fairly good head on her shoulders.  Not your standard run of the mill massage chatter.  All the while I was getting e really nice relaxing head massage.

I had a good time, and would return to see Linda again.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 19th June 2015, 01:49 PM
Poster ID: caybee
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lyn.

Establishment : Station St Massage 

Date of Visit : 18 Jun 2015.

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 45 Station St Nerang..Downstairs. Ph..0497 978552.

Hours of Business : 9am till 8 or 9 pm.

Rates : 30mins..$30....40mins..$35....60mins..$50.
.........: 30min massage plus 30min sauna & spa..$55.
.........: 60min massage plus 30min sauna & spa..$80.

Age : Early to mid 20's

Size/shape : small slim size 6.'B' cups.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Indonesian.

Services Provided : Massage HE.

Value for money/recommend? : Yes/Yes.

My experience/comments : 

Slipped the leash again yesterday and was able to indulge in a massage at the above establishment. I have tried to visit this place on a couple of occasions without success, but luck was in on this try.
Lyn met me at reception, sorted out the details (I took the 40min option) then ushered me into the room and left me to undress. Once again the walls fall short of the ceiling by about 300mm or so... On her return(about 3-4 mins later)was asked hard, med or soft, opted for med; things then got under way.
Her massage was more of a soft body rub (I did ask for med-soft) which wasn't too bad at all, however, she does tend to use an awful lot of oil (which I don't particularly like) but I went with the flow.(no pun intended)...The work she put in on the upper leg and buttock area was sensual without being an out and out tease, but, it did get the blood heading to the parts that mattered....This action continued till it was time to flip...It was then time for my upper leg, stomach and abdomen area to be given the treatment...It didn't take long for it to become painfully (for me) obvious that her attention was required elsewhere..The tip was negotiated($20.) and things got a lot more intimate.. Her technique was quite good; I held out for as long as I could but eventually the eruption occurred..She cleaned me up as best she could,but had to bring in an extra two warm towels to get the job done properly; due mainly to the amount of oil residue left on my body and legs etc....
All up though, not a bad experience and would consider a return visit if in the area again....But, probably with a different girl.


