Thread Title: 5 Star Thai Massage - Surfers Paradise - 0431 656 977
Floor: #1
Post Time: 22nd February 2018, 11:46 AM
Poster ID: kapai
Post Title: 
 5 Star Thai Massage - Surfers Paradise - 0431 656 977
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Maggie

Establishment : 5 Star Thai Massage

Date of Visit : 7-02-18

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0431656977. GCHW same building as Hooters

Hours of Business : 9-9

Rates : Start at 30 for 30 min

Age : late 30's

Size/shape : Slim average Hgt

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Firm massage, daty, fingers, nude lower half.

Value for money/recommend? : Enjoyable

My experience/comments : 

Seen this place for years and assumed it for the tourists but seen ad on locanto under new management with interesting advert.
Link has gone from Locanto but still operating. Listed 15 names of ladies so thought I would toftt.

Rang and booked but had to wait 40 min for next available lady. Phone was answered by a female but on arrival man was present at reception and when I went to pay for 1 hr(60) was told to pay masseuse. Had to wait another 5 min and noticed a tourist female leave so not sure what was on menu.
I was soon ushered to room by Maggie and left to my own divices....not a word was spoken. Now appears place was set up as thai due to layout but people in here were all chinese. Tables had been installed and heavy curtains zipped up at entrance.

Maggie returned and asked what pressure so chose firm and that was what I received. Now English was very limited, asked her was she having a busy day and she answered China so did not try any conversation. Now I received a very good firm massage for 40 odd minutes not knowing what to expect and on flip she smiled and gave hj signal and 2 fingers, so I nodded. Then she indicated closes off and 100, so I shook my head, then she indicated clothes off bottom half and 5 fingers so I nodded. Well she scurried around the room with a big smile on her face and removed slacks and on returning poured oil on her hand and rubbed over her vagina. Wow this was obviously an invitation so I managed to get her to lie on table and you should have seen the look of expectation on her face. I thought I don't think she's had this treatment for awhile she looked so excited. So I duely abliged with a good tonguing to which she was raising her back and making all the good noises.

 I then tried a digit with no complaint and she was so wet I managed 2 digits with a little push. Well she was really enjoying this so I put 1 digit up her anus still with no complaint. Well this continued till time was nearly up and she indicated for me to get on table and needless to say finished me off in no time. After hot towel clean up she kissed my knob and just lay there touching me all over until a voice spoke from outside the curtain.Now this all happened without a word being spoken. So it was now time to pay, well can talk English now. 

The 60 for 1 hr was now 70 for hard massage. And the 50 for bottom half nude was 80 because I touched. So she say 150 please. I had to grin to myself and paid as it was an enjoyable session. As I departed she kept pointing to herself saying Maggie, Maggie so I guess she wants me to ask for her again.

WIR....well would be happy to try others here . Now Maggie really gave a good service but she is not some young babe that excites one. I still think I get better value at Hicks street but will return in the future.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 22nd February 2018, 03:18 PM
Poster ID: nextlif
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks kapai. Where in Qld is this place located? I guess GCHW is it? No idea what that is....


Floor: #3
Post Time: 24th February 2018, 07:38 AM
Poster ID: kapai
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Gold coast highway, Surfers Paradise. About 3000 GCHY. Mantra wings building


