Thread Title: 7 Trickett Street, Surfers Paradise, QLD - 0431 184 751
Floor: #1
Post Time: 1st March 2014, 09:37 AM
Poster ID: wingmanstinson
Post Title: 
 7 Trickett Street, Surfers Paradise, QLD - 0431 184 751
				
Post Content: 
Hey guys, I have stumbled upon this ad on Locanto and whilst I wouldn't usually do the asian whole massage parlour lottery, I can't say no to a french or brazilian girl. My question here, has anyone tried it out? Is this a legit massage or just a cock tease (like Sapa Massage)? Does the very fact they advertise on Locanto instead of gumtree show the ....... nature of the potential extras?

Any feedback would be appreciated 

Wingman 

THE AD AS SEEN ON LOCANTO

---------------------------------

New Massage Studio in Surfers has special price today for 1hr Swedish Oil Massage. Fully Trained Brazilian, French and Asian Girls. Special is available to Holiday makers and Locals . We also offer full body waxing for both Ladies and Gents ,facials and Couples Massage. Or you can also try Walk on back Massage. Walk in welcome or for app call 
0431184751.
Surfers International Building near Cavill ave
Studio 14 
7 Tricket st Surfers Paradise (free parking )
Non sexual place

Today Special 1hr 49 7 days 10am - 8pm, Surfers Paradise


Floor: #2
Post Time: 1st March 2014, 11:17 AM
Poster ID: kapai
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
This business is owned by the Japanese chap that had a massage shop in Pine street surfers see my post. They did HE there once the girls settled in and he also has a shop in springwood which does HE. I made an appointment at this shop last week but when I got there the advertising on window said girls massage and there was an euro and Asian in reception so I chickened out and txt the no asking if men where welcome. Well the reply I received was girls doing massage today but I have since rang and a French sounding young lady confirmed men are welcome. Haven't been back to try as I am over my punting budget for the week.
For your information.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 4th March 2014, 07:34 PM
Poster ID: dreamszt
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
This place is legit only based on my experience.

I called ahead on the Locanto number and asked for a 30 minute whole body massage ($30).
When I arrived there was one girl at the counter who was Chinese. There are only a handful of tables and they use a curtain as a door. The front door was left wide open so I could hear people walking by on the sidewalk. After I was shown to the cubicle, I was told to undress but to leave my underwear on. I heard the woman speaking in Mandarin Chinese to another girl. I don't believe there were any other staff besides these two Chinese women.

The massage was focused on my back, shoulders, hamstrings and calves. She was decently strong and used her elbows well. There was no tickling or suggestive touching whatsoever. It was a decent legit massage for $30. There was no suggestion of anything else on offer and if there was, they would be very bold to try and pull it off because every sound was amplified in the shop. Look elsewhere if you want something else.


