Thread Title: A Tranquil Massage - Fortitude Valley - 0424 129 284
Floor: #1
Post Time: 11th March 2015, 03:27 PM
Poster ID: niteowl
Post Title: 
 A Tranquil Massage - Fortitude Valley - 0424 129 284
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sorry I didn't catch it

Establishment : A Tranquil Massage

Date of Visit : Late Feb 2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : http://brisbane.locanto.com.au/ID_26...l-Massage.html ; A Tranquil Massage - Brisbane therapeutic massage - backpage.com

Hours of Business : 7 Days, 10am until late

Rates : Std Asian massage shop prices + extras - see ads

Age : Early 20's

Size/shape : Chubby

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian

Services Provided : HE

Value for money/recommend? : No/NO definitely not

My experience/comments :

I should have walked on this one, but my little head got the better of me.  I'd been ringing around some other Locanto ads for preferred options, but none of them were working out given my availability in the city.  I got myself all worked up and horny, so needed to get off and took whatever option I could get :-(

This place is a dump.  When I walked in to the TINY room the first thing I thought was how dark it was, and that was probably to hide the fact that the place was pretty grubby.  The towel on the table was very damp and I didn't even want to lay down on it.  I'm way too polite, and couldn't bring myself to ask for fresh towels, so I just thought "Fuck it, let's get this over with and get out with as little contact time as possible".  Oh, before I even got undressed I ask asked if I wanted a HJ ending.  I accepted, and the girl asked for $50 extra!  I said no way - $20.  We ended up settling on $30 - like I said... I was worked up.

I got myself undressed in the tiny room, which was pretty mich just big enough to fit the table in, and laid myself face UP on the damp towel.  No way was I letting the little fella touch that.  The girl came back in and was a bit surprised to see me face up, but got the drift and got straight to work.  About 15 litres of oil, and 10 minutes later I was blowing my load while rubbing the girl's pussy through her underpants.  An attempt was made to clean up the oil, but luckily I had brought my own moist wipes, and I had to spend about 5 minutes wiping whatever I could get off.  God only knows how many times the hot towels have been recycled, but there was just so much bloody oil I had to let her make an attempt at a clean up.  After the HJ, there was a quick rub on the back, followed by the traditional slap, slap, slap thing that all Asian massages end with.

Oh, while I getting my HJ, I could hear the guy in the next cubicle getting his as well.  Check out the pics on Backpage and Locanto while they're still up, and you'll get a good idea of what the place is like.  Just imagine it like that, but with fuck all light.  Definitely won;t be back, or recommend this place to anyone.  The girl I had was nice enough, pretty face and chubby, but I did notice a real hottie coming in as I was walking out the door.  The door was locked too, so I suppose the boys in blue will have to knock first.


