Thread Title: Abadi Health and Beauty - 29 Davenport St, Southport - 07 5561 1183
Floor: #1
Post Time: 5th March 2014, 02:07 PM
Poster ID: kapai
Post Title: 
 Abadi Health and Beauty - 29 Davenport St, Southport - 07 5561 1183
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Diane or Dianna

Establishment : Abadi Health and Beauty Ad in Bully

Date of Visit : 4-3-14

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 29 Davenport st, Sthport. 55611183

Hours of Business : 9-10 pm

Rates : Start at $40 + xtras + ?

Age : 20

Size/shape : Tiny attractive cutie

Nationality or Ethnicity : Japanese

Services Provided : massage

Value for money/recommend? : No to massage but ? to xtras

My experience/comments :

Negotiated the road works to get in here after reading ad in bully also several on Locanto with various names' no's and services offered.

Manager in reception was Honey an attractive 35yo in low cut dress and discussed massage only for $40.

Ushered to a very small room with walls to ceiling and introduced to Diana a lovely small Japanese girl with a lovely disposition and welcoming smile. Confirmed the $40 massage and asked if I wanted tug for $30 negotiated down to $20.

The room was small with massage table against one wall and a single bed against the other so mounted the table and her touching began.

Well that is where the pleasantries stopped. After a few minutes of this I realised this was the massage and so asked if touching ok to get something out of it. Well another $20 then clothes off $50 no touch inside, then how much lick pussy? no ...but full service $120 lick pussy.

WTF. Went back over pricing and her maths not too good but ended wanting $170 for full service all up 30 min . At this point I think she was confused and I was flatly disappointed which she read and asked me ....you not happy.

So I cut my losses, didn't take the tug dressed and went to reception  where Honey greeted me with a beaming smile but I had to tell her of the pathetic massage and offered FS $170 ..but too much.

 She accepted my explanation so I asked next she do the job but replied  that she was no good at massage either but come back in 2 weeks and she will train another girl wtf......

I must say they were pleasant ladies and English was good but it appears to me this shop is a front for FS. I have done further intel and there are several posting on Locanto under various names , no.s and services. Beware. Submitted for your info!!!!!!

PS. Had to sneak in here under the cover of darkness as life would be a little unpleasant if Bee were to spot me.


