Thread Title: Afterglow - Tweed Heads - 0459 271 548
Floor: #1
Post Time: 19th January 2014, 11:26 AM
Poster ID: wingmanstinson
Post Title: 
 Afterglow - Tweed Heads - 0459 271 548
				
Post Content: 
Lana - Afterglow - 0459 271 548Person'sName : Lana

Establishment : AfterGlow, Coolangatta, 3/33 Navigation Lane Tweed Heads

Date of Visit : 18/1/2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0459 271 548

Hours of Business : 9am till 6 most days but till 10 on thursday friday

Rates : $180 an hour, 140 for 45mins, 100 for the half

Age : mid to late 20's 

Size/shape : size 8 - 10, Perky D cups with beautiful little pink nipples

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : Massage,body slide front & back, HandJob

Value for money/recommend? : YEP 

My experience/comments : 

Having had an absolutely crazy week with work and not having had the best sleep thanks to tennis induced ensomnia, I decided it was time to test the waters in Brisbane with Rachel at Bulimba. What followed was not the best of punts and I was admittedly peeved off at some extremely misleading and deceptive conduct from rachel's description of herself after having driven up from the coast. After awarding myself a consolation prize in a chocolate milk and steak and cheese pie from Beefy's (If you know wynnum road in Brisbane, you probably know Beefy's pies ) I knew it was time to visit the old haunt of Afterglow with the two holes. Having been previously before and impressed with the level of service, I had been previously trying to set up an appointment the week prior however, them being busy didn't help my quest, so I decided I'd get in early and arrange an appointment. 

Lana told me that she was fairly tall, slender body, tanned and busty with dark hair, and she did not dissapoint...the long drive back from Brisbane to the Gold Coast and then down to tweed was well worth it. Lana greeted me in a figure hugging black dress the ones that have no modesty when you bend over and revealed a very nice perky set of D cup boobs and a beautiful body and ass! 

Having established that I wasn't exactly there for a massage, Lana was quick to get the eroticism of our session up and running with lots of stroking of the meat and two vege (those two holed tables are amazing for it) and not before long it was decided that I would that I would be receiving the tug on two occasions , which was obviously music to my ears. 

With the right amount of time devoted to some fairly nice body slides including a reverse body slide which had me flicking the shit out of one of her pussy flaps (which was unnormally larger than the other), It was time for the tug and boy did she deliver showing the right amount of attention to cock and balls. Soon enough I had cum with a nice enough explosion on Lana's body and my own chest hehe.

With a nice warm soapy wash down it was back to the body sliding and wam bam my cock is being played with once again and well you know what happens next. 

Without a doubt Lana was very good value for money and Its clear Afterglow are an establishment that although charge a bit more than the average rnt, they make it up for it in the service they provide and the girls they employ. Although inadvertently driving the wrong way home for 2kms nothing can wipe that Afterglow smile off my face. 

I will definitely be back. 

Unfortunately there are no extras with Lana but for most, I don't think this would be 

MODS: Although this is technically south of the Boarder, I believed this would be more benefit to qld punters hence why I have placed it in the Qld Forum, but feel free to place it in the correct NSW forum if you feel the need


Floor: #2
Post Time: 26th February 2014, 09:56 PM
Poster ID: wingmanstinson
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Only at the mod's discretion but I have since found out that Lana was not the one I was dealing with but it was indeed Katorina which had been seen by HornyHoratio, after doing my research Katorina, in the process of wanting to leave to Sydney must not have wanted to give up her name to a 'newbie', but Lana is the name of the receptionist and owner, who I definitely don't want to do anything with. My apologies to those asking for Lana.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 8th April 2014, 04:21 PM
Poster ID: wingmanstinson
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Taylor

Establishment : Afterglow

Date of Visit : Tuesday 8 April 2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : As Above

Hours of Business : As Above

Rates : 180 / hour + Extras

Age : Early - Mid 30's

Size/shape : Size 8 (maybe 6) with the smallest B cups known to me (probably A cups to be truthfully honest)

Nationality or Ethnicity : English

Services Provided : Nude RNT

Value for money/recommend? : Yes but peeved off about the extras

My experience/comments : 

After my experience at 7 Tricket Street and not being able to find anyone locally quickly, I reverted back to olde faithful Afterglow. And as always it didn't disappoint. I called and the receptionist mentioned there was a new girl and after being told she had the body of a yoga instructor and that she was English I thought "Why the fuck not". So with that I left Surfers and commenced the rather unusally long trip for a coaster from Surfers to Tweed Heads, only detouring to make sure I had enough cash by way of an ATM. 

Upon Arrival, Taylor was as described, Dark Short Blonde Hair, Size 8 not overly toned but no fat on her body to really need toning, with small B cups and a light patch of hair directly above her clit. She was definitely not the typical gold coast girl and her Welsh like accent (she is from Bristol hence the accent will sound more welsh than english to most people) was a nice change. 

For those that have been to afterglow her service as basically standard with the whole short massage, then body slides on the back, soap down, more body sides front and back and then the happy ending . Now what I will say is although her body slides might not be as great as Isabella that works there (her body slides almost feel like sex), Taylor did this thing where she would blow air on to your body whilst making her way up your body. I have never felt such an amazing sensation before. 

On the negative side of my service, Taylor mentioned that for an extra 40 I could finger her, whilst I understand the girls here would only get 50 percent of the standard fee, 220 for the hour with fingering is just not worth my buck. Thankfully I couldn't cave as I didn't bring any more money with me but she did allow me to inser a digit or two for a short period of time. Other than that, I really couldn't fault her service, with a very nice ending to finish.

With a shower had and clothes on it was time to make my way back home which is hard cause heaven felt so good yet so far away. For what they offer, Afterglow might be a touch expensive, but given the private market lottery I don't mind visiting, it's just a case of the fuel used and time taken in getting there but other than that, I generally go expecting good things and am yet to be disappointed.


