Thread Title: Alie, Japanese Professional therapist - Surfers Paradise - 0423 430 759
Floor: #1
Post Time: 23rd November 2013, 06:53 AM
Poster ID: kapai
Post Title: 
 Alie, Japanese Professional therapist - Surfers Paradise - 0423 430 759
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Alie


Establishment : Masssa. 19 Pine ave, Surfers Paradise. Shared Shop/ studio upstairs. Name on the sign below belongs to another business who is the main leasee so phone no on board will not get you this business. Text is best contact method as dont answer phone when working.



Date of Visit : 20-11-13



Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Locanto ad: 0423430759



Hours of Business : 10-8pm



Rates : 1 hr 1 girl $60 1 hr 2 girls $80. Xtras ie HE $40 sometimes. also 1/2 avail.



Age : 26



Size/shape : tallish 5'7"ish slim pleasant boobs not a feature.



Nationality or Ethnicity : Japanese



Services Provided : massage with HE on 2nd visit.



Value for money/recommend? : OK but not the impression you get from locanto ad.



My experience/comments :  On a rare visit to Locanto i noticed this ad: Japanese 25 proffessional oil massage( maybe more) natural boobs, nice face etc.This gives the impression of a single operator but in fact is a new Japanese businessman that has a stable of 3 girls operating from shared accommodation, Been operating for 1 mnth and girls are all new recruits fresh from Japan attending english school. They are all early to mid 20's very pleasant and respectful young ladies trained in Japan and are a little apprehensive at this stage and seem to be operating under duress at this point or maybe just overcome by the new life. English is fair although the boss man does the communications when he is about ie behind the scenes.
 Decided to try something different and the ad gave me the impression things may happen here so made contact which was difficult bout 2 days then i decided to txt which had a response 2 hrs later. made appointment after 3 attempts then received a prepared message which explained if xtras are requested have to talk with girl and its up to them. So rocked up at arranged time. Well there was no 25yo with nice boobs but alie presented as an attractive plain sort of girl so wtf.
Now the setup is a dormitory/large room devided with tracked curtains together with other business so not ideal but had chosen a time i thought would not be busy.Off to cubical told take all clothes off and face down. At this point i didnt really think xtras were on based on her shyness and well thought hit her up at end as mentioned in message,but remained hopeful and massage started. I had chosen 1hr and the start was slow even pedestrian with the time taken to straighten towel etc always intrigues me. Massage was slow rythmical and methodical and covered every area which showed training and soon i was relaxed after some conversation which i obtained the above info. This seemed to make her more at ease and thus a really good massage proceeded for the hour.I didnt even try any touching and the session finished me still face down with a whisper in the ear. So i asked if HE was on and didnt seem to know what that was and after trying to explain she says extra ooooooh no, maybe next time. Hmmmm thought so. so i politely dressed, thanked here and left. 

2nd Visit. Well i had to go back before writing this review with more success. A little more relaxed with HE ( not experienced had to give assisstance) a little touching outside clothes but nowhere near boobs which featured in ad .

Summary: A Japanese Buisnesmans cunningly worded ad which portrays action to me but employs innocent lovely naive girls. I guess time will tell. Keen to see what transpires.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 23rd November 2013, 05:36 PM
Poster ID: Qwerty
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Interesting! However I had a Japanese girl the other day in another parlour and I felt a bit sorry for her when she said she didn't enjoy Australia because of the job she was pressured into and needed cash hmmmm.... Sounds like a possible similar situation in this parlour? 

Anyway im staying away from parlours for now but will keep an eye on this one if more reviews give the A ok LOL thanks Kapai!


