Thread Title: Amy - Golden Star Massage, Southport -  0449 712 888
Floor: #1
Post Time: 18th February 2017, 01:58 PM
Poster ID: kapai
Post Title: 
 Amy - Golden Star Massage, Southport -  0449 712 888
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Amy

Establishment : Golden Star Massage

Date of Visit : 29-01-17

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0449712888, 23 Nind St, Southport

Hours of Business : 9-10 :7 days

Rates : 30 for 30min. 50 1 hr

Age : 20sh

Size/shape : size 6 B cups

Nationality or Ethnicity :Chinese 

Services Provided : 30 min Massage, Topless HJ for 50.

Value for money/recommend? : A little shy and inexperienced. But nice personality and pleasant young lady.

My experience/comments :Thought I would TOFTT.

Rocked up here on Sunday late afternoon curious about ad which says as girls for more. Greeted by Nina at reception, a lady in her mid forties and shown to room and summoned Amy to attend. A sweet young lass good personality and happy face. She trained at Brisbane massage school and only been here a month and started her routine as trained. Good English and we were off to a good start. Good chat and massage was going good. She was deseed in a short skirt and thick stockings on a warm day and aircon was not working so brought in a fan which helped a little in cooling things. She had a therapeutical type massage and while on leg strokes touched the jewels with every stoke so looking good. Started touching her legs and this made her giggle and lost her method a little. On reaching between her legs at one point she responded by doing the same with some TT which looked promising but stopped as massage was hindered by her giggling all the time.. Left her to go through her routine and on turnover asked if I wanted extras today. Note no TT before turnover, disappointing. I asked what was available and she quoted nude for 100 no touching,declined and opted for topless HJ. Well she took off top and bra to expose some nice boobs which she was too shy for anything tasteful and continued with a good HJ for a young lady. Not very experienced here and am sure will improve with time. In summary a nice young girl and has potential to improve with time and interested to see in a few months time. Quizzed her on other girls and more is available from them so interested to what transpires here.
For your info.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 16th July 2017, 11:01 PM
Poster ID: foolishmortal
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Cherry

Establishment : Golden Star Massage

Date of Visit :  7/7/17

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0449712888, 23 Nind St, Southport

Hours of Business : 9am-10pm / 7 days

Rates : $30/30min, $45/45 minutes, $50/hour (tried 45 minutes)
		$20 HE, $30 touching while clothed, $50 topless, $100 			nude

Age : 20’s

Size/shape : petite and slim size 8, no bust or curves  

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : RNT 

Value for money/recommend? :  yes for firm massage and lovely HE only. I wish I tried the mamasan instead.

Punting in Southport can get pretty tricky after nine even on a Friday night. Despite a disproportionate amount of shops in the area, most of them were already closed. That ruled out Hicks St., 149 and 172 Scarborough St. and 23 Nind St. What’s a guy to do when he gets that familiar itch, huh? I had 166 Scarborough and Golden Star to choose from and decided on the later as it was a fairly new shop I hadn’t tried yet. Both shops actually have the same pricing schemes starting from $30 and you best believe extras are on the menu in such establishments. Despite the address being the original premises of shop 23 Nind, it now looks very different under Golden Star and it’s not as clean or slick. Room’s are still spacious although it had very low lighting. I was greeted by a curvy, Chinese MILF mamasan but alas she wasn’t available and I got Cherry instead. Straight up, Cherry wasn’t really my type. Too slim and flat for my liking although her english is good and she was friendly. Fortunately, her massage was very good. She has a firm Thai style technique that I wouldn’t mind spending an hour with her. She also blended the tease into her massage proper which is always a plus for me. Cherry’s tease and TT was very sensual but her extras were a bit pricey. Had she been my type, I may have been tempted but finished to a satisfying HE anyhow. I liked the session and would recommend Cherry but I’d probably just stick with a handie. She’d make a good back-up option.


