Thread Title: Angel Therapy Massage - Loganholme - 0481 787 098
Floor: #1
Post Time: 1st October 2016, 02:26 AM
Poster ID: masterj
Post Title: 
 Angel Therapy Massage - Loganholme - 0481 787 098
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Alice

Establishment : Angel Therapy Massage

Date of Visit : September 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : http://qld.locanto.com.au/ID_7151965...available.html

Hours of Business : 9am - 9pm

Rates : Varies with service provided
massage $50/60min $30/30min

Internet and Wechat specials (advertised at diff times)
Swedish & body scrub :$30 30mins $45 45mins $60 1 hour $90 90mins
4 hands B4 11am $90 /60min
Aromatherapy massage $55/60 min
prostrate massage add $40

Age : 23?

Size/shape : slim, C cup, long hair, average looks

Nationality or Ethnicity : Taiwan

Services Provided : $30/30min massage + HE

Value for money/recommend? : Yes Yes

My experience/comments :

Been quiet for awhile as money was tight but so were my balls Had been watching Angel Therapy Massage which popped up on Wechat and they have very nice pictures (prob just advertising) and seem to have alot of different girls every week, not sure if they constantly change their names or what is going on there? Made a booking via text. Now the shop is in Tenah merah if you use a GPS but it is right near the flyover at the Hyperdome, in a small office type complex on the ground floor. easy parking.

it was a rainy day and when i entered the shop they seemed very busy and abit disorganised. There are a few chairs at the entry but no real reception and i was met by one girl who seemed in a hurry andkept asking if i wanted a relaxation massage but i wanted a hard massage which isnt what she wanted to hear so she left and another girl with better english asked same question said she would do the massage. Looks like there are 3 or 4 rooms. walls to ceiling with sliding doors and locks.

Exchanged money and stripped down, only to be met by another girl, Alice. She was quite well built under that loose tshirt, nice legs, average looks and gave me a decent hard massage, getting up on the table and sitting on me. She asked if i had been here before and how i found the place, with a tone that knew, so i told her no and Wechat and she seemed satisfied. if not resigned to a basic quick hard massage which is why i reckon the girls swapped around.

It came time to flip and she got in close and asked if i wanted to do extra and much to her surprise i said yes, so she asked again  and i laughed.Her eyes noticeable popped on the turn. i keep in reasonable shape and keep myself trimmed and shaved which it seems she hadnt seen before. We did the how much/ how much do you want to pay, a few times then i said $20 to which she said 30 real quick. She did a decent jpb and inspected the hairless sack a few times, like it was a treat and gave me a couple of big smiles (some crooked teeth). She offered for me to touch her for $50 and i did think about getting her more than ample breasts out but she was doing a good job and just wanted relief, so stayed with the $30 HE

Overall an interesting punt. i will go back. masterj


Floor: #2
Post Time: 2nd February 2017, 03:17 AM
Poster ID: masterj
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sam

Establishment : Angel Therapy Day Spa

Date of Visit : Jan 2107

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 25 Pintu Drv Loganholme  0481 787 098
Ads on Locanto and WeChat

Hours of Business : 9-9 7 days

Rates : $50hr $30 HE

Age : mid 20s

Size/shape : Slim, Long hair, C cup

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : good massage HE unrushed

Value for money/recommend? : Yes Yes

My experience/comments : Phoned to make a booking, which is adviseable as they were quite busy and turned away two customers while i was in the room, and they have 3 rooms. As i had rung it was Sam that took me. Quite attractive, we sorted out the finances and i fumbled around for the cash, when she saw i had plenty, her head dropped in a world weary way, so i knew i had a nice person here and felt for her.

Her massage is quite good, obviously skilled hands and after some quiet time we made some chat. Her english was better than she let on and it turns out she does traditional thai massage (which would have been great) but all the rooms have tables not floor space. I reckon she is used to half hour massage as she went over the body twice, firm, very minor accidental teasing towards the roll-over. I got to see her properly and she has quite a tight body, fair of face with beautiful big eyes. Massaging my legs and chest, we didnt talk extras even though i was more than ready. Then she just says that if i would like hand job is $50. i confirmed she said 50 and simply declined, out of respect for what i saw at the start of our session. 

She kept on with the massage and said a few minutes later that she would do it for $30. I looked at her and she was watching me pulse! And i asked her if she really wanted to?? And her face and whole body became animated with a beautiful smile, and YES! Yes she did  A nice amount of oil, some ball play, and some gentle fondling of her nice butt and she milked me, nice and steady, she milked me  Finished the hour with a head and neck massage. Left a bit oily but with a spring in my step the rest of the afternoon. Make sure you booked. masterj


Floor: #3
Post Time: 13th March 2017, 09:28 PM
Poster ID: masterj
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Bella

Establishment : Angel Therapy Massage

Date of Visit : March 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : As Above Ph 0481 767 098

Hours of Business : 9am to 9 pm

Rates : relax $50hr deep tissue $60hr  30min/$30

Age : 20?

Size/shape : tiny 156cm, cute, toned, C cup

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : 1 hour relaxation massage HE

Value for money/recommend? : YES YES YES

My experience/comments :  Rang to book for mid afternoon. They didn't seem too busy and was taken to a room by one girl and i was tossing up to stay for only 30 min as i wasn't feeling a connection and then went and said an hour anyways (its only $50). She left the sliding door half open, but it did have a piece of material moving in the breeze infront of it! i stripped down and lay there listening to the girls chatter and laugh and in comes Bella. I turn my head when i realise it wasn't the first girl and i was very pleased i chose an hour. 

opted for a nice soft relaxing massage and we chatted at times as she practised her english, which is quite good. Trained in massage she named some muscles and and did the omg you are so tall! no accidental brushes but we were getting along fabulously! On the turn she genuinely admired and examined by body shape and gave quite a good front massage but still no touches and as she is marvelling at how my hip bone protrudes (and i am admiring her busty C cup on such a small tight body) she asks me if we had talked about extras as she had forgotten?!  She knows i have been here before and i said i would give her $30 which she wasnt too happy about but agreed, after being almost offended at the thought of $20. Good technique, oil, lightly blowing air when her face was close, more oil, nice smile and some eye contact while i respectfully played with her butt and found my fingers playing with her knickers had me shooting a couple of good shots.

Overall a very nice massage experience. Be gentle, kind and genuine. Master j


