Floor: #1
Post Time: 3rd August 2019, 01:58 PM
Poster ID: antares01
Post Title: 
 Aqua Massage - 9/71 Racecourse Rd Hamilton QLD - 0487 359 635
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sophia

Establishment : Aqua Massage 

Date of Visit : July 2019

Address: 9/71 Racecourse Rd Hamilton QLD

Weblink : https://www.facebook.com/Hamilton.Aqua.Massage/

Phone : 0487 359 635

Hours of Business : 10am to 11pm 7 days

Rates : $70/hr plus tip

Age : 20s

Size/shape : Tall slim size 8

Nationality or Ethnicity : Brazilian

Services Provided : RnT

Value for money/recommend? : Not really

My experience/comments : Firstly, this place is a bit hard to find.  Advertising board in Racecourse Rd was place with the arrow pointing the wrong way and the entrance is actually off Kent St.  Dropped in without a booking, up the stairs and into reception.  Mamasan behind the desk asks if I want a massage to which I answer in the affirmative and nominate 1 hour.  Only 30 min available now but if I come back n 30 min I can have a 1hr booking.  I agree to this and return at nominated time.  I am met by Sophia who takes my $70 and shows me into the end room.  Everything is clean enough and I note a fresh full length disposable cover on the table. Sophie asks me to take clothes off and she will be back  soon.  Clothes off and folded into a square clothes basket and I am sitting on the  massage table when Sophia returns.  We introduce ourselves, agree on medium  massage and I assume the position on the table.Sophie starts off with an oil massage of my back and I very quickly form the view that Sophia has absolutely no idea how to give a proper massage. She never go into any sort of rhythm and she never seemed to have a plan.  She spent a lot of time on my back then a bit of random rubbing of my legs an an occasional bit of inner thigh attention.  I raised the issue of extras and surprise, surprise, standard Brisbane pricing 50/70/100.  I contemplated bailing but went with a $50 HJ tip to give her an opportunity for redemption,  I shouldn't have bothered .  After we had agreed on a HJ, Sophia went out to get hot/wet towels and wiped me down.  She then gave me a token "butterfly" massage on my back legs and inner thighs with very limited TT then asked me to turn over.

On my back, Sophia made no effort to massage my front, rather she went straight to little Ant with the oil and started a very lackluster HJ.  To be fair she did mix things up a little and added a little twist by intermittently massaging the head with her thumbs. She also added some FOAM which I hate. I eventually came by thinking of other more erotic massage sessions.  Usual cleanup with tissues and hot/wet towels.

Sophie tidied up the room while I got dressed and left me to find my own way out.   

Summary:


Nice clean premisesI didn't ask re showerCost was $120 total for the hour.Entrance is somewhat hidden.WIR? Probably not and certainly not for Sophia.


