Thread Title: Asian Massage - Merrimac (Gold coast) - 07 5518 4462
Floor: #1
Post Time: 9th July 2014, 01:05 PM
Poster ID: caybee
Post Title: 
 Asian Massage - Merrimac (Gold coast) - 07 5518 4462
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Crystal

Establishment : Massage shop. 1 Jura pre Merrimac. cnr Gooding Dve.

Date of Visit : 12.05 2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Add in Gold Coast Bulletin. Ph:55184462

Hours of Business : 9 Till late

Rates : told $50: Hr 

Age : 22 or 23

Size/shape : slim size 7 'B'cups

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chineese

Services Provided : RnT

Value for money/recommend? : Ok I guess

My experience/comments : 
Ok guys I wasn't going to post a review on this place; mainly because my time there was kinda Ho-Hum.. I fronted up there after my session at Angellic touch Burleigh, in which I declined the HE, so was in need of a pressure release, this place was on my way home, it would save me some time: which I was quickly running out of; I had to pick up the 'trouble & strife' from work in less than an hour and a half (she was about 15mins from this shop). Anyhoo fronted up asked rates from a chubby girl behind the desk,I would guess her age at about 25 - 27, To my surprise she said it was $60:00 Hr. Now I had rung and was told $50.Hr. I was a bit peeved at this but let it slide and didn't argue as I was in a hurry. Was taken down the hall to the room and left to undress and lay on the table. After a couple of minutes the door opened and in came a different girl, this turned out to be Crystal.Not the best looking, but by no means ugly. She had a pleasant enough personality and was quite trim,so I had no problems. Anyway on with the massage; as far as massages go it was adequate, probably what you can expect from a lot of shops/ML's around the Coast. She didn't mind a bit of rubbing of her legs whilst I was on my stomach[up as far as I could reach from this position]. On the turn she continued the massage with a little tease here and there[there wasn't much of a tease happening when I was on my front]. I tried getting a little more adventurous with my hands at this stage, but she managed to avoid positive contact and continued with the action. not long after the question was put, $20:00?.....Answered in the affirmative, and away we went. The HJ was like the massage, nothing spectacular, but got the job done. Strangely enough she now moved in close and allowed as much pussy play and rubbing as I liked till I blew my bolt. She then cleaned me up, I gave her her tip and was on my way... In time to ring the War Office to say I'd be on time.
The reason I was a bit Meh!! about the punt was probably due to the blatant price change when I arrived, and, I can't put my finger on it, but there seemed to be an attitude that was a bit off putting,[Not Crystal,she was fine]....Maybe they just wanted to shut up shop and go home...At the end of the day, I probably won't  return to this shop..I have been to the original at 23 quambone st worongary on a couple of occasions and have had no probs there at all. Enjoyable both times...unfortunatly no reviews as this happened over 12months ago.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 9th July 2014, 01:15 PM
Poster ID: WOTAN01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
caybee, it is good you posted your mediocre experience as it give members an idea what to expect. Remember YMMV.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 12th March 2015, 05:12 PM
Poster ID: hgry1
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Caybee, Lucy the manager said they started with the $60 per hour when they opened in an attempt to differentiate from the quambone st premises but enough peer pressure from regulars  has seen the advertised price properly go back to $50 per hour now they have even changed the price lists crossing out the 6 with a 5. this place has been steadily getting busier and busier to the extent I no longer think its a guaranteed service if you drop in without an appointment.  just giving a heads up.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 30th November 2015, 08:50 AM
Poster ID: Afternoonsun
Post Title: 
 Rose, Merrimac Asian Massage tel 55184462
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Rose

Establishment : Merrimac Asian Massage

Date of Visit : 18/09/15

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : http://goldcoast.locanto.com.au/ID_3...L-Massage.html  1 Jura Parade, Merrimac, off Gooding Drive  55184462

Hours of Business : 8am to 7pm

Rates : 30 mins, $30; plus $40 for topless HJ

Age : mid-30s

Size/shape : maybe a size 10-12

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Topless HJ, 

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : I've visited quite a lot of massage shops on the gold coast and this one is the most consistent in terms of extras being offered and a decent HJ at the end.  This was my second time in seeing Rose.  She was friendly and fairly attractive, with small tits and nice curvy arse. She gave me an average massage with some nice stroking between my legs before the turnover.  She then bargained for $40 for a topless HJ.  She took her top off to reveal small tits but with large nipples.  I knew from my last visit that she got quite turned on from nipple play.  I sat up on the massage table, and started sucking and playing with her nipples, and she started sighing while stroking my dick at the same time.  Last time I visited she spontaneously pulled her undies down at this point, and let me touch her aroused wet pussy which was a huge turnon (but this time she wanted to charge me another $30 so I declined).  After a couple of minutes of vigorous stroking I was finished.  Would probably return but want to try out some private WLs for a more relaxed atmosphere (massage girls in shops often want to get the job done asap which is understandable but you often feel a bit shortchanged after paying for extras...)


Floor: #5
Post Time: 30th November 2015, 01:18 PM
Poster ID: WOTAN01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Good to see you back reviewing again Afternoonsun.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 30th December 2015, 11:14 PM
Poster ID: niteowl
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Mia

Establishment : 1 Jura Parade, Merrimac, off Gooding Drive

Date of Visit : 28/12/15

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : http://goldcoast.locanto.com.au/ID_4...age-50-hr.html

Hours of Business : 8am - 7pm according to Locanto ad

Rates : Varies - standard gold Coast Asian RnT pricing eg $30/$50 for 30/60mins plus extras 

Age : Early twenties

Size/shape : Slim sexy

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai maybe?

Services Provided : Massage with HE

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

Not much to say that hasn't been said already for this place.  I had an itch for some RnT, so I thought I'd give this tried and test place a go.  First impressions is the shop is a little bit exposed for my liking, but I did manage to get in and out without encountering local foot traffic for the various small businesses in the shopping centre.

I walked in and was met by Mia, a very attractive young lady and was happy when it became apparent that she would be doing the massage. The massage was quite relaxing without being amazing.  Mia does a good job of cleaning all the excess oil off with hot towels before the turn over.  Upon turning over, extras were negotiated without fuss, and I was nicely relieved.  I didn't check the time, but I'm always a little dissapointed when the session comes to an end immediately after the HE, without a bit of a relaxing head massage or the like.  This was the case this session, so I have to take points off for that.

All in all, not a bad experience.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 14th November 2016, 04:22 PM
Poster ID: hgry1
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Angela

Establishment : Asian Massage Merrimac - 1 Jura Parade, Merrimac, off Gooding Drive

Date of Visit : Nov 16

Hours of Business : 8am - 7pm 

Rates : Standard $50 for 60mins plus extras neg 

Age : Early twenties

Size/shape : Curvy 10/12 - large d breasts

 Nationality or Ethnicity : HK maybe?

 Services Provided : Massage plus

 Value for money/recommend? : Yes

I walked in without a booking and was met by Angela - who has returned after working here a couple of years ago. She was quite friendly and chatty saying things hadn't worked out as expected and she was back working for now...

While not my usual preference for slim ladies Angela has a rather cute youthful curvy look to her with large breasts and I really couldn't wait to see them out of that dress....

I asked for a firm massage which was delivered - all too soon it was time for the rollover and a little bargaining ($80) resulted in a pleasant end to proceedings with both of us nude and my slobering on those gorgeous melons among other things.

Hope to have an encore in the not too distant future.

Happy punting


Floor: #8
Post Time: 27th August 2018, 01:05 PM
Poster ID: poundedhat
Post Title: 
 Merrimac Massage, 1 Jura Parade, Merrimac 07 5518 4462
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Fefe

Establishment : Merrimac Massage 

Date of Visit : Aug 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 1 Jura Parade, Merrimac 07 5518 4462

Hours of Business: 9am to 7pm

Rates: $30 half hour; $45 45 Minutes

Age: 20s

Size/shape: Nice body, petite Asian

Nationality or Ethnicity: Taiwan

Services Provided: Massage + bbbj 

Value for money/recommend?: Definitely

My experience/comments: 

Decided I needed a little relief after a particularly bad game of golf, walked in and was greeted by Fefe who showed me to the 1st room that was clean and dimly lit.

  I undress and FeFe comes in and starts the massage with a towel and quite heavy massage of the back to get the circulation moving. She then removes the towel and starts a sensual massage with long strokes from the top of my back to the bottom of my bum, all very enjoyable. She uses coconut oil. I open my legs and there were definite intentional strokes in and around the boys. She then stand beside me and I run my hand up her inside thigh, she immediately says would I like her to take off her clothes. Immediately I say yes, she then say $100, we negotiate down to $80. 


  Once naked she is fully shaved and has cute protruding nipples. I run my hand over her pussy and she is wet as wet. She also has a stud in her clit or near her clit. She then say I should turn over. I then ask to dine at the "Y' which was eagerly accepted. I am enjoying the sweetness of her pussy with my finger deep inside and another exploring her arse. She is extremely tight as only one finger could get inside. After she has cum she starts a fantastic BBBJ, and finishes me off with her hand. 


  Once all the activities are completed she washes me down with hot towels, I dress and tip her $100, she was worth every penny. While I am dressing she completely remakes the massage bed with clean towels and sheet thing over the top. An extremely well spent 45 minutes.


Floor: #9
Post Time: 5th March 2020, 04:24 AM
Poster ID: Waldo
Post Title: 
 Merrimac Asian Massage
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sake

Establishment : Merrimac Asian Massage

Date of Visit : 16th Feb

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 

Phone :

Hours of Business : 10am - 10pm

Rates : $70 per hour plus $80 topless wank

Age : 24

Size/shape : 10

Nationality or Ethnicity : Taiwan

Services Provided : 

Value for money/recommend? : NO!

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

dropped into this joint which is among a bunch of shops in suburbia Burleigh.....grog shop, bakery, etc

Bright red decor and lovely Mamasan who I had hoped would do the business....

out walked super hot body Sake...all smiles and confident....

She was straight into the money stuff negotiating extras and was super seductive.....she was up for anything and made it obvious.

I settled on topless wank, which was superb, but stupid money....you could fuck her but the money would have been ridiculous.....they can charge what they want as it's all illegal......

At the end she gave me her mobile number and asked her to call for some private fun......I think she would be a great fuck, but the money would be twice anything in Sydney.......

W


