Floor: #1
Post Time: 21st December 2013, 03:14 PM
Poster ID: joh
Post Title: 
 Asian Massage - 4/17 Kurringgal Ave, Tarragindi Qld - 0437 349 650
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Cici

Establishment : Asian Massage ? (not sure)
Date of Visit : 7/12/2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 4/17 Kuringgal Avenue Tarragindi, 0437 349 650

Hours of Business : 10-5, Monday - Sunday

Rates : $40 for 1/2hr, $60 for 1 hr + extras

Age : 20ish

Size/shape : B cup, thin 

Nationality or Ethnicity : PRC

Services Provided : HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Alright

My experience/comments : 

I've wanted to visited this place for a long time but it's either been busy or closed when I'm in the area. I arrived just after 10 on a Saturday when I was greeted by Cici. I enquired how much for 1/2 hr and she promptly replied $40. I handed over $50 and she showed me to the front room. The ceilings to the room don't go all the way to the top but there is a door. She left me to undress and get comfortable on the massage table to grab some change. When she returned, she asked what pressure I would like and I responded hard. Her hands were quite good and she used to her elbows around my shoulders and back. During the massage, I provided her with feedback that the use of elbows was definitely helping. She moved down the legs and continued with the hard pressure. There was little TT and even the bum massage was very strong and loosened my body up. 

After about 20 minutes, she left the room to get a warm towel and warm water. She wiped away the massage oil fairly well and then asked me to turn over. Then she gave a bit of a leg massage and this was when my hand started roaming up and down her leg. She was wearing a shirt which gave me easy access to her area and noted that she was seriously packing some heat down there and starting to get flustered. After a quick discussion of extras, $30 for a HJ with my roaming hands was agreed to. The HJ was alright--nothing spectacular where she provided some good sensual touches before going at it. To me there was something alluring about her that suggested she may be open to more.

After the massage, she said she only works 1 day a week and it varies. I noticed on her that she did have a tatoo of some description on her back but I didn't get a good look at what it exactly was.

WIR--Maybe


