Thread Title: Bamboo Panda Massage - Underwood -  0455 495 662
Floor: #1
Post Time: 18th March 2014, 12:10 PM
Poster ID: Hammered
Post Title: 
 Bamboo Panda Massage - Underwood -  0455 495 662
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Vanessa

Establishment : Bamboo Panda Massage

Date of Visit : 17-3-14

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Welch St Underwood  Bamboo Panda Massage, Underwood 

Hours of Business : 9am - 8pm I think 7 days by appt

Rates : 75/hr 60/30mins

Age : 37

Size/shape : 12 and busty

Nationality or Ethnicity : Venezuelan

Services Provided : legit massage...but I wonder

Value for money/recommend? : sort of

My experience/comments : First saw the ad on Locanto in the personals services section but have read elsewhere that it is strictly legit massage. Nice place. Brand new very tasteful fit out with Asian theme - you may have guessed that from the name of the place. Vanessa is a cute Latina with long brown hair, green eyes, a slight tan and beautiful smile with DDs. She is a bit cuddly, maybe around a 12-14. Good personality and I'd love to throw one up her one day cause I get the vibe that she's be into some kinky shit. Anywho, get into the room and disrobe. Have a quick snoop around and discover a box of tissues behind the oil. Bingo! Good sign. So there I am all nuded up on the table and in she walks with no sign of hesitation about me being starkers. Another good sign. Massage was ok without being fantastic and she was quick to massage the insides of my thighs right up to, but not touching my ball sack. Bad sign. She asks me to rollover and I wait for towel or no towel. Good sign, no towel! She starts rubbing my legs and stomach and little Hammered starts to fill with blood, then she retreats to massage my feet! Bad sign! So...confused much? Me too. Normally I just ask straight up if they do the T but I wanted to let this one run it's course and see. Next time I think I'll hit her up.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 18th March 2014, 01:12 PM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Here's the Locanto ad, Bamboo Panda Massag - Health and Beauty Therapy, Brisbane





			
				Bamboo Panda Massag - Health and Beauty Therapy

Explore the benefits to unlocking a more healthy, energetic, and stress free lifestyle.


Massage Therapy Relieves stress - Encourages relaxation - Helps manage pain
Relaxes muscles - Improves flexibility and range of motion

Our Team of Professional Massage Therapists = Professionally educated and certified therapists providing a hybrid of techniques from Eastern and Western treatments.

Touch & Bodywork Therapy: ½ Hour 1Hour 2Hours Sessions

Foot Massage + Foot Spa = $25 $45 $85
Thai Massage (Full Body) = $30 $50 $95
Swedish & Shiatsu Massage = $30 $50 $95
Oil Massage – Choice of Oils = $30 $50 $95
Deep Muscle Tissue Therapy = $30 $50 $95
Sports Massage = $30 $50 $95
Foot & Hand Reflexology = $35 $65 $120
Hot Stone Massage – COLD/HOT = $35 $65 $120
* Acupuncture & Massage Treatment = $45 $85 $150
* Chinese Cupping and Pain Treatment = $45 $85 $150

* Booking By Appointment Only
# Complimentary beverages and hot/cold towels during treatment service.

Customize your Massage Today = Speak to one of our therapist for a session consultation.

------------------------------------------------------

Bamboo Panda 3 Hour Full Body Pamper Package = $188

1 hour Foot Massage & Foot Spa
1 hour Hot Stone Massage or Reflexology
1 hour Thai or Swedish or Oil Massage (Full Body)
Free Massage Oil Treatment Pack = Body Cream/Scented Oils (Value at $88)
Complimentary Beverage/Snacks and hot/cold towels during treatment.

------------------------------------------------------

Enquire now about our Membership – Free Pamper Pack upon Registration.
VIP Membership = $39/month entitles you to 1 hour Massage per month.
Transferrable between friends at family at $10 administration charge for booking – GIFT IDEA!


Gift Cards Available Now – Share the gift of wellness with your friends and family.

Mobile Service Available Within Brisbane & Gold Coast
24 hour Service – $50 Drive out Fee Applies
48 hours Advance Booking Required
* Free Call out For Members on Their Birthday *

------------------------------------------------------

Student/Pension/Military Discount – 15% off all services
Special VIP Member Privileges
* Family Love
* Free Birthday Massage
* Sharing is Caring

Please refer to Unit 3, 1 Welch St, Underwood - Bamboo Panda Massage for terms and conditions.

------------------------------------------------------

Health Centre Location:
Unit 3 – 1 Welch St, Underwood. 4109. Brisbane, Australia 4119


Floor: #3
Post Time: 3rd May 2015, 06:31 PM
Poster ID: masterj
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sunny

Establishment : Bamboo Panda Massage Underwood QLD

Date of Visit : 4.5.15

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 3/1 Welsh St Underwood  0455 495 662

Hours of Business : 9am to 8pm

Rates : $40/ 30 min  $60 / 60 min

Age : early to mid 20's

Size/shape : Attractive, long hair, taller, good boobs, fleshy

Nationality or Ethnicity : Taiwanese

Services Provided : Massage HJ 

Value for money/recommend? : YES

My experience/comments : 

They like you to to call and book (will return your call if it goes to message bank), so i did that and got Sunny. It was early afternoon and they were really busy, but on time, not my favourite way to meet a new girl. The shop is in a business complex, furnishings are very modern and stylish so there is a nice atmosphere. Rooms have full walls and door locks, mirrors and very sturdy massage tables.

I booked a 60 min massage, medium/soft but hard if need be.. which made her laugh. Sunny's english is quite good but it takes her a moment to work out what you said, which isn't surprising when your head is in a facehole.

Back massage was really good, but from her demeanour when we met, i got the impression it had been a hard day so far for her, so i made some conversation. She asked me where i was from, then how old... so that was fun, as i made it a guessing game... turns out she liked my body, which was a treat for my ego. Sunny jumped on the table and sat on my butt, as she worked my lower back she ground her public bone into my tailbone. Her leg massage was one is the nicest ever, quite sensual and therapeutic but no touches.

Some soaping me up and a warm water towel down to remove the oil and she asked me to turn over. She was wearing very short stonewash denim shorts and a denim top, with the mid-drift showing plenty of flesh and some sizeable breasts in an ill fitting bra. With some half hearted swirls along my legs she got the blood pumping and asked if i wanted THIS massaged too, i agreed, and she said she would keep the change (from the two fifties i gave her for the $60 massage).  Sunny continued with her chilled style, and a firm oily grip, which was just a perfect rhythm when combined witha ball massage and a finger very close to my butt hole and i'm there!. oh yeah her legs are real soft and she allowed some access under the denim before clamping her thighs a little.

Dressed and opened the door to find her waiting in the hall with a really big smile, which made me even happier. masterj


Floor: #4
Post Time: 20th May 2015, 05:55 AM
Poster ID: masterj
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sunny

Establishment : Bamboo Panda Massage

Date of Visit : 19.5.15

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 

Hours of Business : 9am to 8.30 pm

Rates : $60/60min 

Age : Prob 22, 23

Size/shape : Taller, fleshy, big flat C maybe D boobs

Nationality or Ethnicity : Taiwanese

Services Provided : Excelent massage HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments :Booked a lunchtime massage, and left it up to the universe to decide who i would get as my masseuse, and out comes Sunny in tight short shorts and a top that has her midrift exposed. Shows me into a nicely presented room, green feature wall, green towels, green table lamp, i guess it's the bamboo effect. She comes back in and goes ' i know you...' so we chat a little. i think that Sunny gave a bit extra this massage, she prefers to give a hard massage but i went with medium as she is pretty strong and said she should do it the way she liked.

She starts off working my neck and shoulders with her foot up on the table (still not sure how she managed that) and my head next to her thigh which was encouraging, especially when she also pushed her belly into my head as she stretched down to reach my lower back. Then she was up on the table to reach down to my butt, and next thing i know she is sliding  her pussy along the back of my head and after a few passes she is working my back with her elbows and my ears are brushing her thighs as her pussy pushes firmly into the back of my head.

It seems she really wanted to be on the table, cause she squatted next to me and worked my back then jumped onto my butt. She is nice and squishy as she rubbed her pussy into my tailbone and butt and i got a very good feel for what it would be like if it was more than a massage. Sunny used a good amount of oil but not too much, and seemed to have fun dripping it from her hands,

Washed down with a hot towel and it was time to turn over, some light firm strokes along my legs and torso got things throbbing and she looked at me a little embarrassed and asked how much it was last time! I told her the truth ($40) as what she had given me so far was worth more than $60, and who knows she may have been foxing me. Applying a liberal amount of oil, Sunny has a steady firm style that is strangely effective. My hand was by my side so i gently touched her inner thigh and stroked her pussy, her tight tight shorts firmly in place i found some bare skin at her belly button and grabbed her butt for awhile before working under her top to her sizeable breast. She didn't give anything back, no wiggle, no smile, no noises, just kept her her focus and rhythm and when the time came her eyes popped and and her lips pouted and she goes 'that it sooo much!' i thoroughly enjoyed the massage, she doesnt talk much, but says they keep pretty busy. Again Sunny had a big radiant smile as i thanked her.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 17th June 2015, 07:44 PM
Poster ID: masterj
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name :  Mia 

Establishment :   Bamboo Panda Massage

Date of Visit :  17.6.15

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 3/1 Welsh St Underwood 0455 495 662

Hours of Business : 9am to 8pm  (will close if not busy)

Rates :  $60 / 60min

Age : early 30's

Size/shape : Dark hair, pretty face, tight body, maybe B cups 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Therapeutic massage, hot towels, HE

Value for money/recommend? : YES

My experience/comments :

Booked an after work massage and got Mia. Mia is bright and engaging, said that they had a few customers this morning but it had died down in the afternoon with the rain and with Origin on tonight was expecting a quiet night. Went for a firm massage as the muscles needed some work and was feeling abit low generally.

Mia is the one who usually answers the phone, has good english and is the manager but still massages. Very nicely dressed in a red blouse and a black skirt, she kept her legs close to the table and allowed my hands to caress her soft shapely calf muscles through out the massage. The massage itself was excellent and very straight forward. She stayed on the ground but did rub her boobs against my ears as she worked my shoulders. No stray moves, while working the legs, but pushed hard when working my butt, rocking me from side to side and made sure i would be ready for the flip. 

Once the legs were done she moved back to the butt and started with some delicate teasing massage of the lower back, butt, and legs but still nothing stray, this went for awhile and she seemed to be enjoying it so i called her out and she laughed and agreed, saying she will get some hot water and did i want extras...

The hot towel down was very nice, on the turn Mia teasingly worked all the way around the main event, which was just raring to go. Finally starting with an exquisite ball rub, she really spread the sack out and gently caressed the way it needs to be done, and way better than any of my ex-girlfriends (wife included) then applied the same care and service to the throbbing member. it was exquisite and a tease at the same time. I realised part way thru that my hands were behind my head and i was missing out on possiblities.  So i touched the small of her back and caressed her butt and found the skirt was easy to raise. Some very soft skin a small butt and some very thin panties sent an extra throb through my system, but she maintained the slow attentive tease. My hand caressed the inner thigh, found a gap and pushed against her pussy... sorry guys I'm going to leave the rest to your imagination 

Needless to say i blew a massive load. It's going to be hard to choose which ML now! i am sure the girls talk between themselves and look after regular/ good customers


Floor: #6
Post Time: 24th July 2015, 03:57 AM
Poster ID: masterj
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Kate

Establishment : Bamboo Panda Massage

Date of Visit : 23.7.15

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : As Above

Hours of Business : 9am to 8 pm

Rates : $60 hr  

Age : early 20's

Size/shape : OMG. slim, great legs, an awesome butt, B cup, very cute with big red lips

Nationality or Ethnicity : Says Taiwan but looks Thai

Services Provided : Therapeutic massage, Nude HJ, a good chat

Value for money/recommend? : YES

My experience/comments : Called to book and it seems i never remember when the girls work but i really needed loosening up so i just took a punt and went anyway. Kate greeted me with a glowing smile and some big lipstick lips. It didn't take long before she returned to the room and proceeded with a hard massage, not the hardest massage i have had but still very good, she clearly has been trained and was happy to chat away after i initiated some conversation. With a good amount of oil but not excessive she worked my back then pushed and rocked by buttocks , with great effect, and moved down to my legs. At this point my ball sack was warm and oily but there were no obvious stray touches. After a half job on my legs, at the 30 min mark, she came up real close to my shoulder and whispered if i wanted to do more? Her warmth made it hard to say no (not that i was going too!) , so i asked her what she did, and the play banter began , what did i want/ what do you do, how much would i pay... it was a bit of fun, originally she wanted $50 for a clothed HJ to which i said no and she was disappointed and was horrified when i said $20 then $30 but ok with $40. She asked if i wanted her top off and i said yeah! but i only had $50 and it was clear that it wasn't coming off for $50. She cheekily slapped my butt a couple of times and said that she thought i was a shy guy. I asked her if she liked my butt and she said no because hers is so much better! So i reached around and lifted her skirt and OMG she had an amazing firm toned muscle butt without an once of fat or millimeter of sag, with some nice lacy black knickers that showed 80% cheek (i am sure you know the ones) So as she starts oiling my butt i mention that i may have some more money and she slaps my butt a couple more times and asks how much more i have.. that depends on what you do and she slaps my butt again..she apologises as she checks the hall and chats to someone, and i get a very good look at her thighs, and the negotiations begin again, we agree on nude Hj with touching on the outside only for $100 (on the strength of seeing her butt) and ohhh yeah her fully naked was a sight., a very tight body with some perky breasts and small nipples and a butt that defied gravity and made me wish i had asked about FS.  She said that it was my lucky day as she was just filling in for one day, as she worked my member with a big smile. there was a tuft of hair on the front, to my suprise, and i said so, and we had a chat about if guys liked that... and i replied how i loved the way it tickles my nose  and she quickened her effort, i asked if she was having fun and she put her other hand up to stop my spraying over my chest as my fingers rolled her shaved lips. Clean up was with some hot towels and i was out on the hour. i mentioned that i may not see her next time and she was still undecided, leaning towards it being one day only. i hope she changes her mind.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 25th August 2015, 04:20 AM
Poster ID: masterj
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lisa

Establishment : Bamboo Massage

Date of Visit : 20.8.15

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : As previously listed

Hours of Business : 9am to 8pm

Rates : $60hr massage  HE $40

Age : 23?

Size/shape : Shapely, soft, ample breast big C? long hair, solid legs

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : massage  HJ

Value for money/recommend? : yes

My experience/comments :
i rang and booked to see Mia, who greeted me with a lovely smile and was impeccably dressed. She showed me to a room and as we chatted i was really looking forward to the massage, then as she was leaving the room she says that Lisa a Thai girl will look after me  didn't have a chance to say anything so just went with it. Lisa is a lovely girl, quite friendly, not too chatty. Her style is very measured and she has a towel over the body and exposes the each area she works on then covers it again as she moves on, which was good as it kept me warm on a cooler day. I asked for a hard massage but it was more medium as she worked the muscle, doesn't use much oil which allows her to generate warmth with skin friction. She stood quite close to the table and allowed me to hold and caress her ankle and calf muscle, which was encourageing but did not progress from there. No touches or tickle, no gentle caress of the butt and lower back before the turn, but she did rock and push my butt ( as part of the massage)which had me quite hard.

On the turn she again covered me with the towel, in her comfortable unhurried style, and wasn't fazed by seeing me nude. Again she went to work , with a proper massage of my legs and worked around my throbbing member, with no touches or hints, i was even partially uncovered and throbbing as she worked my left leg So i am looking at her and thinking she's not in to it and it happens my arm is by my side so i make the slightest of movements and touch her thigh and she asks if i want extra!! i give her a google eyed nod and she smiles as i brush past her pussy, Her HJ was very good, in the same unhurried measured style. I ask her if its okay to touch and gives me a slight nod. She has some toned chunky legs and under a short dress and i find some lacy knickers covering a firm butt as she works away with minimum oil and a firm grip , it was easy to imagine....  i enjoyed my lunch break, but could have easily left with just a massage and been non the wiser.


