Thread Title: Body Sensual Massage - Scarborough St, Southport - 07 5528 3038
Floor: #1
Post Time: 1st June 2015, 04:55 PM
Poster ID: caybee
Post Title: 
 Body Sensual Massage - Scarborough St, Southport - 07 5528 3038
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Alice

Establishment : Body Sensual Massage.

Date of Visit : 1 June 2015.

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : PH. (07) 55283038. 166 Scarborough St Southport.

Hours of Business : 9Am till 10 Pm.

Rates : 30min..$30../ 50min..$45../ 1Hr..$50../ 90min..$80....+Tip.

Age : Early 30's MILF.

Size/shape :  Size 6-7..'B'cup.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese.

Services Provided : Massage HJ.

Value for money/recommend? : Yes.....

My experience/comments :   

Once again I was smitten by the urge that we punters know only too well...So, after a couple of phone calls; the first to Tiffanys to see if Isabel was working today(she is till 7Pm), the second to Sapar to check their availability. I thought I might give Sapar another whirl to see if anything had improved on the extras side of things. Duly headed off, thinking if things didn't work out there it would be a good entree prior to the main course with Isabel at Tiffanys. I arrived in Southport and parked in Scarborough St (free parking for 2 hrs) prepared to walk the 90 or so Mtrs to Sapar....On getting out of the car I looked up to discover I was directly outside a brand new shop (was told they have only been open for 5 days)...Well......I couldn't just walk past without first going in to gather some intel before continuing on my original mission...Kinda glad I did..I was greeted by Alice who was at the desk. She is a quite attractive MILF, I asked if I stayed for a massage, would she be the one doing it? Yes, was the reply, so I weakened and signed up for an hour of what I hoped would be a satisfying experience.
I was taken through the door to the play area. This opened into a very narrow hallway, I counted eight doors opening off it, I assume all massage rooms. I was taken down to the last room on the right, when she opened the door it almost blocked the passageway with only about 150mm to spare.(the doors open outwards, not into the rooms.) The room itself was fairly small, about 1800mm wide by maybe a bit over 4mtrs in length. The walls don't reach the roof, they miss by a good 600mm. On the plus side the door is lockable from the inside using a bar bolt.( quit a substantial one, about 150mm long with a 10mm bar.) The room was also equipped with tissues, which,to me,was a sign of a pleasant outcome at the end of the session.
Once in the room I was told to strip and mount(the table)and she would be right back, surprise, surprise, I had no sooner lay on the table when there was a knock on the door and she reentered; no more than a minute and a half max, not the usual three to five minute wait one has come to expect from some of these shops...Determined the type of massage required,(medium)then on with the business. I think I could have stumbled onto a winner here, Alice is very good and her massage skills are up there with some of the better massages I've had over the years.(as it was a medium pressure, it was a more relaxing massage than therapeutic.) Whilst working on the back buttocks area there was quite a lot of stray fingers down the crack . Loved it...very nice...She eventually moved down to the legs, not a great deal to report on this part of the massage, except to say the crack work increased and became a little more adventurous.
It wasn't too long and I was asked to do the flip(after the oil had been wiped off). She then started straight on my legs, getting a little more intimate under the towel as she got higher. A couple of minutes of this treatment and the question was put ? Whilst holding up two fingers in the universal ML to punter sign language.....Of course I declined......NOT!!!!!!....If her HJ was going to be as good as the lead up I was going in, boots and all.
The action started, and believe me, I was suitably impressed, she certainly knows her onions, I was determined to make it last as long as possible.....The only downside was....During the proceedings I was rubbing her legs and up her back under her clothes(lovely soft skin) which prompted her to ask if I would like her to remove them? I asked how much? to which she replied $50..Ok.. I asked would she be completely nude? She replied, no, top only, she doesn't like getting nude. I can't understand why, as she has quite a nice bod..I declined, I wasn't paying a pineapple for topless only. This didn't worry her, she just kept on with the great action.
Needless to say things proceeded to the inevitable conclusion..At the moment of eruption she kept up the action till I was completely drained..This was terrific as she didn't just stop  and let it all pump out onto my stomach. She kept it all in her hand..She left to clean up and to fetch a warm towel to wipe me off with...Having done that on her return, she then continued  with the massage as there was still about 15mins remaining. The last five minutes was spent giving me a face and scalp massage..
All in all, I think this place has (Got?) potential. I can certainly recommend Alice..........On that note..As I was leaving there was a quite large young girl at reception, nationality, I couldn't guess, she was kinda pretty, but big...I don't know how many girls work there, but I think I heard two different voices talking while in my session..
Would I return??.....Yes.. 
It looks like I'm just going to have to wait a little longer to see Isabel..But...It will happen.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 17th June 2015, 05:21 PM
Poster ID: foolishmortal
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Cathy
Establishment : Body Sensual Massage.

Date of Visit : 17 June 2015.

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : PH. (07) 55283038. 166 Scarborough St Southport.

Hours of Business : 9Am till 10 Pm.

Rates : 30min..$30../ 50min..$45../ 1Hr..$50  / took 1 hour session + $20 HE
Age : Early 30's MILF.

Size/shape : Size 10, short, curvy with b-cups

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese.

Services Provided : Massage and HJ / didn’t offer nude extra

Value for money/recommend? : yes if you’re after a value for money sensual massage.

My experience/comments :
I had recently noticed this new place being set up a few weeks earlier but it wasn’t till I read Caybee’s review that my curiosity was piqued. I actually tried a session with Alice 2 weeks ago and was happy with the experience but didn’t write up a review as her review was spot to my tastes. So, I wanted to venture out and try out a different girl and ended up with Cathy who was manning reception and the only girl available. On first impression, I found her warm and friendly which is always a plus for me. I also couldn’t tell her figure at first as she was wearing a shawl which hid her curvy body. Very sexy as I would find out. The price menu is similar to Suzie Wong’s and pretty competitive compared to other massage establishments next door. I paid for an hour session and while I wouldn’t call Cathy’s technique very therapeutic, it was very sensual. Throughout the session, Cathy regularly pressed herself on me which was contasted to MLs usually keeping their distance. Later she got up on the table and rested her knee between my legs, rhythmically swaying and and this was divine for my groin. After a lot of so-so punts, I was quite happy to find a ML who actually put the effort in her service. I was pretty worked up even before the proper tackle play commenced that I was pretty hard by turn-over time to Cathy’s amusement. $20 was her asking price for HE and she didn't offer to go nude which was a little disappointing at first but did I get my money’s worth! This girl isn’t afraid to get in close despite all the oil all over me. She straddled me, her hands on my cock and leaning in close to give me a good view of her tits under her shirt which I was happy to have a little grope. Very steamy and refreshing for a parlour punt. I’ve had girls go nude and still keep their distance with just a base-line functional HE but here’s Cathy, still fully clothed practically laying on top of me and giving me the nicest HE I’ve had in a while. Not bad for 20 extra bucks. Very happy with lucking out on a wild punt and would highly recommend her. If I had a little nitpick with the session, it’s that Cathy uses a lot of baby oil and that might turn some people off. At least it’s not coconut oil.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 24th June 2015, 12:41 PM
Poster ID: kapai
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Had a taste of Cathy yesterday and just as reported above....kind a sweet sort of a girl even though the solid ones are not usually my cup of tea. Extended 30 min to 40min and we finished in a fit of laughter and waived the xtra $10 I guess she wants me back. Pleasant young lady..........


Floor: #4
Post Time: 24th June 2015, 12:57 PM
Poster ID: WOTAN01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by kapai


Had a taste of Cathy yesterday and just as reported above....kind a sweet sort of a girl even though the solid ones are not usually my cup of tea. Extended 30 min to 40min and we finished in a fit of laughter and waived the xtra $10 I guess she wants me back. Pleasant young lady.........
"""



A pretty lazy attempt at a Review kapai,


Floor: #5
Post Time: 19th October 2015, 01:53 PM
Poster ID: caybee
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Amy.

Establishment : Body Sensual Massage.

Date of Visit : 13.10.2015.

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 166 Scarborough St Southport.Ph (07)55283038

Hours of Business : 9Am till 10Pm.

Rates : As posted above.+.

Age : Early 20's.

Size/shape : Slim, size 6 'B' cups reasonably pretty/cute.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Massage. HE. +$20.

Value for money/recommend? : Yes/Yes.

My experience/comments : 
  After my massage,no HE experience at Sapa, I was in need to get that second component of the massage experience rectified; so I went around the corner to Body Sensual..I was met at reception by Amy who advised me she was available, so I opted for half an hour and was duly taken through to the room,which was small, aprox only 2Mtrs x 4 Mtrs, with walls falling short of the ceiling.. She left me to undress and get on the table, she returned a couple of minutes later and the action began. I wouldn't call it a massage in the true sense of the word,but it was ok,quite relaxing, and she did try, so it was enjoyable..There wasn't much in the way of tease until just before I was asked to turn over when she gave my balls and shaft some light tickle and tease..Once on my back I received a few minutes of chest, stomach and upper thigh treatment..A light touch on the equipment and the question was put? And gleefully accepted..She was quite adept at giving HJ,a lot of knob tease while rubbing the shaft, although I did have to move her hand to get some ball tease happening; when it did it was spot on and as a result it wasn't long before the dam broke and we were both overcum (me with bliss, her? well, her, just cum ).
She finished the session with a three or four minute massage of my legs and thigh area..
All in all very satisfactory...I would return to this shop if nothing else available or I have suffered a disappointment in the area...I have been twice now and been happy with both visits..But, my preference is generally to try out new places, or go to shops which may or may not be legit, just to test the waters..(There's something exciting about the unknown...Will she or wont she?)


Floor: #6
Post Time: 13th June 2019, 12:41 PM
Poster ID: Zing22
Post Title: 
 Body Sensual Massage - 1/166 Scarborough Street Southport 55283038
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Yumi

Establishment : Body Sensual Massage

Date of Visit : 12/6/19

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 

Phone : 5528 3038

Hours of Business : 9am - midnight

Rates : $30/30 min

Age : 30?

Size/shape : Slim - great ass 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Japanese

Services Provided : RNT, BJ, Topless, Naked

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : It's been a while since I visited this shop. On the Gold Coast I find there are 2 pricing structures. Those that are an inclusive price, say $50/30 min and those that are $30 plus finish. I find the latter better if you want extras. Girls everywhere will want $50 topless and $100 naked whether you have paid the inclusive price or just for the massage. Back to my visit. When I arrived Yumi came out to greet me. She is aged somewhere around 30 - too hard to tell - and has a tidy little body with a great little round ass which she displayed perfectly in her high cut one piece. Into the room. Paid $30 for 30 min massage. Fairly average massage but she was nice, friendly and relaxing. After about 15 min there started to be a fair bit of attention to my more sensitive areas, so I was hard on the turnover. I didn't catch all that she offered on her menu but opted for $50 topless. She was great on the finish. Nice and slow to start. Plenty of access to her semi naked body. What I would describe as a GFE massage. I have seen her twice and think I will be her regular...
On the way out this time I saw another girl. She was arguably more attractive than Yumi but I love that Japanese service!
Also posted on another forum.


