Thread Title: Chinese Massage Therapy - 2707 Gold Coast Hwy, Broadbeach - 07 5538 2161
Floor: #1
Post Time: 22nd February 2012, 08:14 AM
Poster ID: RJones
Post Title: 
 Chinese Massage Therapy - 2707 Gold Coast Hwy, Broadbeach - 07 5538 2161
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : don't know

Establishment : Chinese Massage Therapy 2707 Gold Coast Highway Broadbeach

Date of Visit : 21 feb 2012

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Chinese Massage Therapy 2707 Gold Coast Highway Broadbeach

Hours of Business :  9-7pm

Rates : $65 for hour

Age : 20s

Size/shape : typical petite asian

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : massage only... maybe more but not this time!

Value for money/recommend? : NO

My experience/comments : Well, This was the strangest experience I have had in a massage parlour.

I was on a mission to get a RnT last night. I am tired of the usual places like Chevron, and Southport so I went to Broadbeach,a s I found a few ads in the GC bulletin.

This place is upstairs, down a small alley. I stepped inside and it looked promising, the rear two rooms have doors, so I thought "game-on". A nice little hottie showed me into the room. There was a box of tissues, good sign

I stripped off completely and lay down on the table. The girl came back in, shut the door and started the massage. Her technique was way too soft to be a proper massage, so I was thinking this has got to be a RnT place. BUT.... after I turned over, with no towel on, she asked if I wanted a towel. I said no..  She massaged my lower legs, and then my thighs. She just rubbed me, no real massage technique. It wasn't exactly a turn on to be honest. 

After she finished my legs, she jumped on the table down by my feet and proceeded to massage around my groin. I thought it was on for a tug... but after doing all the teasing for about 10 minutes, she jumped off the table and said "finished" She didn't touch my cock or balls at all. I was shocked and a bit pissed off that she had done all the teasing and then stopped. I am puzzled about it, as every other massage that has the face-up full nudity ends in a tug.

Now, her playing around wasn't very good, so I only had a semi-hard on... so maybe she just thought I wasn't interested. I was so shocked, I was stumped for words, and she left before I had a chance to ask for extras. I didn't check the time, but I think she even ripped me off on the hour I paid for.

All in all a weird experience.. Won't be going back. And the other girl there was ugly.

Anyone else been here???


Floor: #2
Post Time: 22nd February 2012, 08:15 AM
Poster ID: RJones
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
forgot to put number  5538 2161


Floor: #3
Post Time: 26th March 2012, 07:33 PM
Poster ID: Billyt
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I also checked that place out last year, back when a girl Lucinder used to work there before moving down to Miami. I tried a couple girls (Lucinder, and one thai), but it was all legit.


