Thread Title: Cindy's Beauty & Massage - Oxenford - 0484 385 760
Floor: #1
Post Time: 4th September 2015, 11:30 PM
Poster ID: niteowl
Post Title: 
 Cindy's Beauty & Massage - Oxenford - 0484 385 760
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Vicki

Establishment : Cindy's Beauty & Massage, Unit 1a 131-135 old pacific highway, Oxenford (upstairs), same building as the adult shop

Date of Visit : August 2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Various Locanto ads, 0484 385 760

Hours of Business : 7 days, 9am - 7pm

Rates : Check ads, I paid $50 for 30 mins

Age : Mid twenties?

Size/shape : Slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian

Services Provided : Straight massage only

Value for money/recommend? : Not on this occasion...

I'm giving this review the full template treatment, because although I did not succeed in getting a HE, I reckon all the signs are there that this is a new RnT shop in Oxenford.  If you click on the "All ads by Suzie57" on Locanto, it returns a heap of usual suspects like Tiffany's, Elly's, Suzie Wongs etc, so this must be another shop owned by the same people.

My experiance was pretty vanilla other than being asked to take off all my clothes at the start (no request to leave undies on). I thought that was a good sign, but as the massage went on, I could feel it getting closer and closer to the 30 min mark with no request to turn over.  No accidental touching, although the upper thigh rub did get dangerously close to the boys.  Then is was all over.  Just a back rub mainly, with a bit of leg work but nothing special.

For $50 for 30 mins I didn't think the massage was worth it.  It was the kind of massage that is acceptable if there is a tug at the end, but for a legit massage I'd expect more.  It did start off good and firm though, so maybe me asking for medium pressure was the the wrong move.

I also felt that the location is really exposed, and being close to home made me feel really uncomfortable when walking in.  I parked over in the little car park opposite the Woolies petrol station but that didn't make it any less conspicuous.  Also, in the brief time I was walking in and out, I encountered about 4-5 obvious punters (you know the type right?) circling around by foot and driving slowly through the car park right out front.  Obviously a lot of interest from the Nth Gold Coast punters, but a bit of nervousness at the same time.

Anyway, I reckon this will turn out to be another event like my first time at 45 Station Street Nerang.  First attempt was a non event, but reviews to follow will likely uncover another RnT.  Maybe I just look like a cop or something...


Floor: #2
Post Time: 5th September 2015, 12:31 PM
Poster ID: gcmale
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I dropped by there on the way back from the airport early this week as I had seen their Locanto ad stating they also had a Caucasian lady on the roster.  You are right about feeling exposed, a very open car park with all sorts of offices and an adult shop to boot.  Anyway I digress, I asked the lady behind the counter if the caucasian lady was working, she said no, but many nice asian girls to choose from, then seeing the price list started at $50 not $30, as well as knowing the ad posted was from someone where there was more on offer at there other massage places, I asked the question about extras, she said the price is the price and I just got a bad vibe. 

Out the door and back into the sunlight so I thought i would have a look in the Adult shop downstairs for a gift for a significant other that enjoys toys. Anyway as I walked in there seemed to be a bit of action of people walking towards the back so I asked the lovely lady behind the counter what the story was with the 'video preview lounge' behind the back door. $15 entry to watch porn, nice seating and quality adult films. She also told me a couple had just gone in, and must have posted online somewhere as she said it was a bit of a 'stampede'

I handed her some cash and buzzed a door opener down the back of the store and wandered in to a room about the size of a living room with rows of seats, doubles on one side, singles on the other. enough for about 15 people, with a massive screen at the front playing some european porn.  This was quite an intimidating place to walk into. I counted 8 people not including myself in there and took a seat in the darkness on the left, where the single seats are, about half way down. Straight across from me was the couple, with 2 guys right in front of them and others behind them and me.

I spent a few minutes adjusting to the light, the porn and the people, everyone was pretty quiet, except the couple, he, mid thirties, her mid forties, I think, short skirt and low top. An odd situation to be in, obviously the voyeur in me didn't know where to look, big screen porn, or the couple making out on the lounge. He had her top down and was playing with her while she backed up onto him grinding away, looking at us all but oblivious at the same time. I was confused but impressed by the spectacle, within a couple of minutes they had a fellow in high vis sitting beside them getting up close and personal but on the side chair, closest to the wall whilst I watched on at this, only a metre away. 

In for a penny, in for a pound was what came to mind next, as her manfriend beckoned me in for a closer look. As i stood up so did another fellow cock-blocking me in the true meaning of the words. She proceeded to make short work with her hand of him and and the other guy in high vis! Hubby told them to move away and give someone else a turn, this was my cue and this lovely could certainly teach hand technique!  in the end after me there was someone else and then they up and left, like myself. I caught up with them in the adult shop and she hit me up for my number if I was keen for some action which was duly given. 

Apparently they are well known in dogging circles they said, down from Brisbane,  and were checking out a new place, and they assumed I was there because of their post. Usually they are the outdoor types and I was invited along to an evening of fun when it gets warmer!  Great value for $15, a real shame I was only back for 2 days before I went back out to work. When luck like this happens I always imagine what else I have been missing by being away 5 weeks out of six!


Floor: #3
Post Time: 12th January 2016, 08:42 AM
Poster ID: payforplay
Post Title: 
 Cindys, 1a/133 Gold Coast Hwy Oxenford QLD
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Soya Bean & Aussie

Establishment : Massage Shop

Date of Visit : 11/01/2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0484 385 760

Hours of Business : 10am til late i think

Rates : $80 / 1 hour 

Age : Mid 20's

Size/shape : Size 10-12

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie & Asian

Services Provided : Massage + fun

Value for money/recommend? : Sure why the flap not.

My experience/comments : Well I know this place from previous massages over the past year, well enquiries & when i have been there been simply no one I would want to touch me on when I have called in, but today had 2 attractive looking girls & 1 being a Aussie i thought why the flap not. 
$100 for 30 min double, but negotiated a 2 hour session with 1 girl with the other to join for the last hour all up $270 + extra's thats a fair price I reckon for 2 hours of relaxation. 

So onto the Aussie girl for the 1st hour, she is nice enough, a lil chubby but in a good way, when I took my clothes off I stood there naked while she returned, she looked down & smiled & said wanna hop on the table, she asked how I wanted the massage, I asked for a sensual, sexual massage with a medium touch, she asked ok so anything else ? I said sure how much do I need to pay for you to go as far as you will...she said well shhh whispered in my ears $80, I said no issues....how far would she go I had no idea but we would find out in the hour, so the massage was ok, what you expect but with plenty of teasing, she knew why i was here, so on the turn over at about the 30 min mark I was hard, rock hard, she did not muck & said oh you are a naughty man while wanking my extra hard cock and proceeded to give my cock a solid good blowjob, all the while i was fingering her nice, asked about a 69er she was more then happy to do this, nice tasty cunt on it, so for the next 25 min a really good 69er before I blew my load over her tits. Great fun, she said shhh and cleaned herself up & went and got the other girl.

Other girl was busy for about 10 min, so when she finally come we negotiated the extra's, paying both girls $60 for nude blowjobs at the end. So the twin massage was ok, Miss Aussie seemed to take the lead alot especially when it come down to the tease but Beans was ok, on the turn over, I got Beans to lay down so i could eat her out while Kate went for the blowjob again, and it was great, Beans was more or less just laying back with no emotion but a nice slit to lick out, before I got Kate up on the table and licked her out while Beans watched, then me onto the table where both girls gave a good handjob while i was fingering the fuck out of Kate & playing with Beans pussy, she never allowed penetration before blowing all over there hands. 

Both cleaned me up, all in all a fun time had with 2 attractive girls. 

Overall: Cost wise when I worked it out sure seems a tad expensive for a RnT joint but as you can see plenty of naughty fun had. Mods can move this to the appropriate thread as could not find the shop, names where guesses as I did not ask the names lol or forgot if they told me, you know how it is on these shops.

Rating 4/5

AS ALWAYS YOUR MILES MAY VARY


Floor: #4
Post Time: 14th January 2016, 11:15 PM
Poster ID: niteowl
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by payforplay


Mods can move this to the appropriate thread as could not find the sho
"""



Save you looking for it mods... https://auxxxreviews.com/forum/f111/...5-760-a-36053/


Floor: #5
Post Time: 15th January 2016, 06:54 AM
Poster ID: nextlif
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by niteowl


Save you looking for it mods... https://auxxxreviews.com/forum/f111/...5-760-a-36053
"""



Thanks niteowl


Floor: #6
Post Time: 17th January 2016, 11:32 AM
Poster ID: wingmanstinson
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Wicked Review P4P, 

I have tried calling for Kate to see if she is working anytime soon but it seems like there is no Kate...Could it perhaps be Dee? Thicker girl with a few piercings and a few tattoos with weird bumps on her body?


