Thread Title: Cindy - Asian Star Massage - Southport QLD 5661 8907
Floor: #1
Post Time: 15th June 2018, 01:32 PM
Poster ID: Zing22
Post Title: 
 Cindy - Asian Star Massage - Southport QLD 5661 8907
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Cindy

Establishment : Asian Star Massage Southport

Date of Visit : 14/06/2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 5561 8907

Hours of Business : 8am till late

Rates : $50/30min inclusive

Age : Early 20's

Size/shape : Slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Massage, HE, Topless (+$50), naked + Bodyslides (+$100)

Value for money/recommend? : Yes - for standard but extras are too expensive for GC IMO

My experience/comments : I saw a number of ads for this relatively new shop and they stated they had all young girls (don't they all...) and had pictures of girls with names. I thought there was a chance it was real and went to have a look. If it didn't work out there are a lot of shops in Southport to choose from. In short I just went with the 30 minute massage and HE ($45 special at the moment) as the extras were too expensive compared with what I was used to. For $50 (massage) and $100 (extras) its not hard to find full service. The entry is a bit exposed, the rooms were private (walls to the ceiling), the towels did not appear fresh and the girl on the entry led me to the room and another girl came to do the massage. The girl on reception was attractive and young. Surprisingly, the girl who came to do the massage was more attractive and younger. When I left I checked their website and there is a fair chance the picture labeled Cindy was her - or at least someone who looked a lot like her. Massage was pretty good. The finish was also pretty good but she sat away from me so I couldn't reach her, only just touch her leg. As a result it took longer than usual and about half way through she asked me again about whether I wanted to pay $50 for topless. I can understand this - I doubt she get much from the basic $45 however asking as much as she does for extras will limit the take up.
Before I left I saw a couple of other girls, both young and reasonably attractive.
Overall good value for massage and HE but not for extras. Attractive young girl, pleasant - always welcome.


