Thread Title: Clem - Resolution Massage, Holland Park QLD - 0413 986 302
Floor: #1
Post Time: 5th December 2016, 08:49 PM
Poster ID: Kontempt
Post Title: 
 Clem - Resolution Massage, Holland Park QLD - 0413 986 302
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name :  Clem

Establishment :  Resolution Massage

Date of Visit : 05/12/16

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :  http://brisbane.locanto.com.au/ID_89...l-Massage.html

0413 986 302

Hours of Business : 9-9 i believe

Rates : $60 /hr if you use the locanto site and $50 for hj

Age : Young - early 20s?

Size/shape :  Had a bit of a pot belly on her, and not much of an ass - nice tits though

Nationality or Ethnicity :  European

Services Provided :  RNT

Value for money/recommend? :  Not this time.

My experience/comments : 

This was my second  visit back to Resolution, the first time I saw some aussie chick but cant recall her name. The massage itself was very relaxing, as part of that $60, got a body scrub too which was damn awesome. But she seemed very uninterested in what she was doing over all. She did however, got the full hour which was commendable. 

She had a cute face but the body wasnt doing it for me at all, she was very distant and uninterested but i fugred hey, what not go for the extras and see if she perks up. Not the case.  I will go back but will avoid Clem in future. They also had a Genie, who I wouldn't recommend looks wise.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 15th September 2017, 10:19 PM
Poster ID: Kontempt
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name :  Phoebe and Cara

Establishment : Resolution Massage

Date of Visit : Sep-2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :  http://brisbane.locanto.com.au/ID_89...assage-Xx.html 
 There's several ads on different sites.

Hours of Business : 7 days from 9:30am to 9pm

Rates : 

$40 for 30mim
$50 for 40mins
$65 for 1 hr 
$100 for 90 mins with body scrub

Double massage
$70 for 30mim
$130 for 60mim

Age :  Both 20s. I'd say Cara very early 20's Phoebe late 20s.

Size/shape :  Cara - petite, small boobs and butt (sexy though) Phoebe had a bit more shape to her, still slim and lovely.

Nationality or Ethnicity :  Cara - Taiwan , Phoebe Hong Kong (or was it the other way around) either or....

Services Provided : RnT - Dual massage

Value for money/recommend? :  Yuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuup.

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

Well after Clem, I was a little disappointed (as per above) but was feeling a lil keen tonight and figured why not head back and check it out. I went in for the dual massage again, no idea why i'm rocking those at the moment but hey why not... Booking was nice and simple, organised to have both Cara and Phoebe as I hadn't had either of them before. Turned up on time and the girls were ready. Lead into the room, informed the massage had to be cut a little short due to a follow on booking, this was acceptable. The massage itself was actually quite pleasant. Phoebe had a good firm massage as requested, Cara was a little timid, I don't think she had been doing it for long or wasn't sure how hard to go. Phoebe had the back adn Cara and the down stairs. No tickle or tease at all during the massage which was a shame, but these things happen.  It was an enjoyable, firm and relaxing massage on both sides which I think is a positive.

Onto the business end of things, I opted for both girls for $80. I had them take turns and play with my member at the same time. Was extremely enjoyable. I think phoebe was the more senior, as she seemed to take control and mover herself into positions to be played with and seemed to enjoy things as well. I think for extra cash she'd get nude and perhaps do other things upon request. The 50 minutes was pretty much spot on time wise, after I had finished (very hard to last with two girls playing with your junk) they continued to massage and then gave me a good scrub and clean up after wards.

Sadly no shower. WIR? Sure will. I think Cara might be able to be tempted into perhaps being a little more naughty. I think phoebe would just be down for it. Probably won't go the dual massage and will just pony up for extras on one girl instead.


