Thread Title: Cool Body Asian Healing - 8-10 Global Palace 86 Lake St, Cairns - 07 4041 3901
Floor: #1
Post Time: 14th May 2014, 12:49 AM
Poster ID: LUNGOR
Post Title: 
 Cool Body Asian Healing - 8-10 Global Palace 86 Lake St, Cairns - 07 4041 3901
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Azumi

Shop: Asian Healing Cool Body Massage

Address: shops 8-10, Global Palace, 86 Lake St, Cairns City

Phone: 07-4041-3901

Website: COOLBODY RELAXATION MASSAGE

Rate: $75/30 min

Service: Shiatsu Massage with oil plus a foot spa, all legit

Very for money: yes

My experiences:


In Cairns for a few days and have been looking around the city for some possible RnT fun. But knowing the Queensland situation, never held a high hope.

Saw a Water Dragon Chinese Massage and a Japanese Massage and a Thai Massage very close to one another on either side of Lake St near Woolworth, so decided to check them out today after work.

First up went straight to the Chinese massage as I saw a young lady in the shop last night, no luck today, there was only a male masseuse there, ask him if any female masseuse available, there is a 30 min wait so no thanks.

Then I head towards the Japanese massage shop and before I get there, walk past an alley with a Korean restaurant on the left and a "Oily Massage" shop on the right, got to check it out, walk in, a middle aged Aussie lady sitting behind the counter, she is a MILF but looks quite busty  and I will be happy to have her, but she is the receptionist and no one is free for another 15 min. didn't want to wait so I walked. As I walked out, a chubby Aussie bloke walked in, damn, it's busy everywhere!!

Proceed to the Japanese shop which is deep inside an arcade.

Went in and a cute Japanese girl greeted me, I asked her straight out if I can have a massage, she asked me how long, I asked how much, she asked if I like oil massage, I said sure, it's $75 for the hour. handed over the cash and she asked me to take over my shoes, it turns out the Japanese girl will be massaging me, there is another taller Japanese girl just came out but Azumi is cuter, but this probably all legit anyway, so I dont think I will choose the girl.

Shoes off and Azumi leads me to a "room", separated by curtains only, the place is actually quite tranquil, the massage area has timber floor - correction, they are timber tiles and the floor is actually covered by small round stones - like a finely landscaped Japanese garden.

The cubicle is actually very spacious, Azumi asked me to sit on a chair and take off my socks and roll up my pants, she is giving me a foot spa on a large timber bucket with aroma hot water. after soaking my foot on the bucket for 5 min, Azumi came back and dry my feet on a towel and gave me a quick foot massage before asking me to get undressed: Please take off your clothes in place them in the basket, take everything off - great !! - just keep the underpants on - damn !!! It's LEGIT !!

So when I was ready, Azumi came back and started place towels on my back, she actually used three towel, one on my head and shoulder, one on my back and one covering my lower body and legs.

The massage started on my shoulder and back, medium strength, OK, but I have had much better, well, I was in desperate need of a decent massage and Azumi was good enough. after the shouder and back, Azumi informed me that she will now use some oil, so the towel on my back get roll down to the legs and she used a bit of oil on my back, now, this is better and it was firm and hitting some right area including my low back and my waist, and as Azumu hit the right spots, I make some noise, she asked if she is hurting me, I said no, please continue. 

When the back is done, she moved to one leg, then the other, it was relaxing, and I enjoy it but of course her hands stayed well clear of any sensitive areas. gee I miss Susan and Mimi so much !!

Then I was told to turn over, more massage on my shoulder and chest, then my thighs and legs and as I was falling in and out of my sleep, the massage was finished.

It was enjoyable and relaxing and I felt great afterwards, no happy ending, well, may be I need to do more research, or may be there is none RnT in Cairns anyway.

May have to wait until I come back to Sydney,

If any Queensland brothers or members in general can point me to the right direction, please share.

Cheers


Floor: #2
Post Time: 8th June 2014, 01:34 PM
Poster ID: Rntjimmy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
That's a good shop and the girls are often quite cute and pretty but I've never had the hint of anything extra being on offer. The Water Dragon Chinese place lets you be nude and will allow DIY if you get the right girl and are discreet. They actually have a second shop just out of the city with showers, which is the better place to go. Private rooms and more chit-chat with the girls. But I've never had any joy beyond a DIY even when I've offered $50+. But the girls who allow DIY enjoy watching which I find a turn on. From what I understand the owner (Wei) threatens the girls with the sack if they were to do HJs. All the girls seem to be Taiwanese. Upside is many of the girls are quite cute and most do a decent massage. But overall Cairns is hopeless when if comes to finding a RnT shop. However, I spotted a new place that has just opened that I'm just about to write a review on.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 25th November 2014, 09:54 AM
Poster ID: angra
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thats interesting to hear your comments on Water Dragon Rntjimmy - I have been there quite a few times and have been somewhat amazed how close they go to sensual massage without actually touching your member - but have never had the experience of an allowed DIY, I have never got any positive response to anything from the different girls I have seen there.....


Floor: #4
Post Time: 27th November 2014, 12:25 AM
Poster ID: Rntjimmy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
The girls who allowed DIY have now left. At the moment the bunch of girls seem not so cute and nice as they have had in the past. So I've more-or-less stopped going. Currently Kelly is probably the best if you're after a moderately sensual massage from a cute girl. But she won't allow DIY. Book Coco at the showgrounds studio if you're after something more sensual. But no DIY and she's not attractive in my view 

Check out Jing Massage Therapy in Mulgrave Road if you're after a happy ending. But you'll need to book either Elly or Rose as the other girls won't (which is a pity as they have a very cute Japanese girl). Both are young and reasonably attractive. But they want $50 for a fully clothed tug! Which is highway robbery considering that will get you full nude (and possibly more) with a cute young girl in Sydney.


