Thread Title: Evergreen Massage - 25 Mary Street, Brisbane - 0405 367 508
Floor: #1
Post Time: 26th January 2015, 04:02 PM
Poster ID: Rntjimmy
Post Title: 
 Evergreen Massage - 25 Mary Street, Brisbane - 0405 367 508
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Erica

Establishment: Evergreen Energy Massage

Date of Visit: 15 Jan 2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: 0405367508 - https://www.facebook.com/evergreenenergy.massage

Hours of Business: 10am-8pm(ish)

Rates: $60 for 60mins

Age: 25

Size/shape: Petite (I would guess 155cm max), pretty looking, slim and sexy; body looked good in tight jeans and top

Nationality or Ethnicity: Japanese

Services Provided: Sensual massage plus HJ

Value for money/recommend?: Definitely yes!!

My experience/comments:Was visiting Brisbane cbd and had some time to kill... noticed a massage shop sign on the street and ventured to have a look and take a punt. The entrance is back in from the main footpath amongst a number of other shops. In fact the entrance is through a hair salon - Queens Hair (but the two businesses are not run by the same person). Initially I was a bit confused as to where the entrance was but poked my head in the hair salon and they beckoned me inside and directed me to the massage entrance at the rear of the shop. Seemed a bit odd but in hindsight is the perfect cover as you are seen to walk into a hair salon and not a massage shop. Headed up some stairs and arrived at the massage shop. Small place with only two rooms, right next to each other. Walls did not go right up to the ceiling. Japanese girl on reception, the owner, but apparently she doesn’t do massages. Was introduced to a very cute Japanese girl as my masseuse who took me inside the room and then left while I undressed. She asked me to remove my clothes but made no mention to leave underpants on so I stripped off and lay face down on the table. The girl returned and asked if I would like the towel as cover, to which I replied no thanks. She commenced the massage which was pretty light and feeble and spent lots of time on my back and legs with no sign or even a hint of tackle tickle. Since I was a first timer I wondered if she was perhaps being cautious. I was a bit frustrated with the lack of any hints of anything sensual (since she was happy to massage me nude and uncovered) so decided to initiate the flip rather than wait. On turnover I decided to test the waters by asking if it was ok if I did myself. With a smile sure said “sure, no problem”. So I pushed a little further and asked if she could do it for me instead. With a hesitant smile she said “ok, how much will you pay me”. I replied how much would you like and she indicated $50 with her fingers. I said too much and offered $30. To my surprise she said yes. From then on things were much better… her soft hands felt really good working my cock and balls. She wasn’t the greatest in terms of technique and I think relatively inexperienced at this but gave me plenty of smiles and eye contact and definitely seemed to be enjoying what she was doing. Plus she was cute and attractive and looked great in her tight jeans and top – its always a great experience receiving a hand job from a pretty young girl (give me a young hot Asian over an ‘experienced’ milf any day). I asked if touching was ok and said sure and was even happy to pull up her top and bra and allow me to play with her gorgeous small and pert boobs (though she wasn’t willing to pull down her jeans). She worked my cock some more and brought me to good climax. All up a very good experience with a pretty Japanese girl. The downside here is that the rooms don’t have walls right up to the ceiling. While there was background music playing at a decent volume the commutation between us was still in whispers. She did indicate at one stage to not make any noise so the boss (just outside the door) would not suspect anything. On leaving I chatted a little with the Japanese owner and she said she has Japanese and Taiwanese girls working. The next time I’m in the Brisbane cbd I’ll definitely be
dropping by this shop.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 19th February 2015, 09:46 PM
Poster ID: Lordhardwood1
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Have checked this place out twice. Neither time was with Erica.... alas both 100% therapeutic  massages. I suspect they have a number of ML working there. So you might get lucky? Otherwise ask for Erica?


Floor: #3
Post Time: 1st May 2015, 03:54 PM
Poster ID: Rntjimmy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I've been back here a couple of times on a recent trip. Erica returned to Japan a while back, so not available. Found out the owner does not allow the girls to do a rnt, so depends on who you get and keeping things discreet and quiet in the room. Owner is Japanese and prefers to hire Japanese girls.

First time I got Akari (apparently she's going back to Japan very soon too). Very cute and a good massage. No rnt but was ok with self finish. Second time was in the evening and I got Hitomi. Review below.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 1st May 2015, 04:06 PM
Poster ID: Rntjimmy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Hitomi 

Establishment : Evergreen Energy Massage

Date of Visit : 9 April 2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0405367508 - https://www.facebook.com/evergreenenergy.massage

Hours of Business : 10am-9pm

Rates : $60 for 60mins

Age : 25

Size/shape : size 10-12. Not a greater looker

Nationality or Ethnicity : Japanese

Services Provided : massage plus HJ

Value for money/recommend? : It was ok

My experience/comments : Visited this place a visit one evening and Hitomi was the only girl on. Paid my money and was taken to the room to undress. Hitomi returns and commenced the massage, which was very good. Lots of attention to my bum and thighs and plenty of brushes where it counts. Friendly girl and easy to chat with. With all the sensual brushes I popped the question about extras. Her response was that she couldn't as the boss didn't allow (Hitomi recommended I try the other shop she works at in Greenslopes. She said all Japanese girls and that they all do rnt). I said the boss isn't here and I certainly won't be telling her. I offered her $40. She hesitated and then said ok, saying that I mustn't tell her boss. She did a long slow tug which was pretty good.

So can get a tug at this shop but it depends on who you get and perhaps if the boss is around. I would suggest trying the evenings as it seems the boss is not around then. Note that while the shop has two separate rooms, nether has walls right up to the ceiling.


