Thread Title: Feel good massage - 599 Lutwyche Rd Lutwyche - 0415 443 688
Floor: #1
Post Time: 8th August 2018, 01:04 AM
Poster ID: tuan_87
Post Title: 
 Feel good massage - 599 Lutwyche Rd Lutwyche - 0415 443 688
				
Post Content: 
Feel good massage 599 Lutwyche rd 
Person's Name : Emily


Establishment : Feel good



Date of Visit : 30/07/18



Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 599 Lutwyche rd 
https://feel-good-massage.business.site

Hours of Business : 9-8



Rates : $40 half hour $60 hour massage


Age : Mid 20’s



Size/shape : skinny with fake c cup tits



Nationality or Ethnicity : Hong Kong




Services Provided : Full body massage with nude body slides and cat bath 



Value for money/recommend? : yes big thumbs up!! 


Decided to finally pay this place a visit last week, threw a few text and was told Emily was working so decided to book her. She use to work at another shop by the name Of Jess, made my way up there and was greeted by a Sexy attractive Chinese girl by the name of “twenty” will have to try her next time I heard she’s popular.  Neways paid for a 30mins and was asked to wait in the room, finally greeted by Emily  and she was suprised I found her and said it was nice to see me again etc. massage was nice as usual same as what I got got last time.  Plenty of extra teasing time which she knows I enjoy with erotic touches to me nuts and shaft and by the time on the flip I was ready to go. Asked me “ what would you like to do today” and I opted for topless for $60 and she agreed. She then up sell me that she would do nude for $80 I stopped and had a think and she then said she would throw in some body slides which I thought why not. She got naked,   Emily has a nice thin body with fake c cup tits and a hairless Pussy.  gets up on the table and starts with a cat bath with her licking and kissing  my chest and neck and also some kissing on my lips  “ no tongue” and  pops a boob in my mouth for a bit of a taste. She then slides up and down with a bit of a titty fuck.  then oils my cock up and to my suprise rubs it on the entrance of her pussy and slowly inserts the tip of my knob  inside her which was sooo tight. I was a bit shocked she did that since I wasn’t wearing any protection.   After that she would grind her pussy on me shaft while jerking me off from on top like as If we were fucking and not long after finished up. Cleaned up and a light kiss and a hug good bye.  All up it was $40 massage + $80 extras even tho Emily in my opinion isn’t the hottest girl around she has a good attitude and always makes a lil more effort then most of That girls I see. Whatever I offer her she usually accepts and doesn’t ever haggle or ask for
More money.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 27th January 2020, 12:39 PM
Poster ID: widebluesea
Post Title: 
 Feel Good Massage - Lutwyche - 0415 443 688
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Ocean

Establishment : Feel Good Massage

Date of Visit : 15/1/20

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 599 Lutwyche Rd, Lutwyche QLD
Phone : 0415 443 688 
Hours of Business : 10am-7pm 7 days

Rates : 1HR massage $60, $50 HE $100 Nude HE

Age : early 20s

Size/shape : curvaceous, fit, tanned, D cups

Nationality or Ethnicity : Korean

Services Provided : HJ, pussy slide, DATY

Value for money/recommend? : Absolutely

My experience/comments : 
I was in Brissie for a few days for work and found myself in need of some stress relief. I had been told about a place in Lutwyche that offered a good massage with HE with some Asian beauties, especially a Korean lady named Ocean and made the trek - it is just a short walk from Lutwyche bus station so I caught the bus.

Arrived a couple of minutes early and greeted by a stunner - tanned, full figure, nice assets and a lovely smile - and said I was here for Ocean. She giggles and says "that's me!" Well, I am very pleased to meet you I say as she leads me into the room. I hand over the 1HR massage fee ($60) and get myself ready.

She asks me how I want my massage, I am in need of a strong massage and I tell her. Oceans massage is great and very therapeutic and I am complimenting her when she starts removing her top to reveal a beautiful set and mounts the table. They have great mirrors in their rooms at just the right height so you can check the ladies out and I have an eyeful of her beautiful ass - her panties are on so I can't see her pussy - and she catches me watching her in the mirror. I tell her she has a beautiful ass and reach out to squeeze it which she does not object to. My hand drifts to her pussy and she starts groaning.

She wipes the oil of my back with some hot towels and tells me to turn over and smiles at my erection which she starts lathering in oil. She stops to drop her panties and is back on the table sliding her beautiful shaved pussy along my hard shaft. My hands are on her ass, squeezing away and I whisper in her ear that I want her to lie down so I can kiss her pussy. It takes a moment for my intent to sink in but is very happy to accommodate my suggestion

I am kissing her sweet pussy and move up to kiss her. She doesn't seem to like DFK and turned her head so I kissed her neck and nibbled her ears and started sliding my cock along her hot, wet pussy thinking we could easily be fucking right now but I didn't have a condom on and wasn't sure if this was on the menu at this joint. Finally blew my load on her belly and laid down next to her - great wide massage tables also at this place. She cleaned me up and I headed to the shower.

Realised when I got back to the room that nothing had been said about how much for the extras by Lady O which surprised me pleasantly. I'd been told beforehand by a Brissie punter that a nude HE was $100 so I handed over the cash and thanked her. She seemed very happy with that. 

If I lived in Brissie, I would visit this place regularly to see how far things could go with this stunner - the sight of her beautiful ass wiggling away in that mirror is burned into my memory.


