Thread Title: Garden of eden Banyo - 0422 816 667‬
Floor: #1
Post Time: 19th February 2019, 05:23 PM
Poster ID: tuan_87
Post Title: 
 Garden of eden Banyo - 0422 816 667‬
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Vanessa


Establishment : Garden of eden Banyo



Date of Visit : 17/2/19



Contact Details/Address/Weblink : .0422 816 667‬

https://m.locanto.com.au/brisbane/ID...mier-shop.html

Hours of Business : call and ask 



Rates :  $100 45min 120 60min


Age : Mid 20's



Size/shape : thin petite with curvy ass and small tits. 



Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie mix




Services Provided : Full body nude massage with body slides and 69 position  hj finish. 



Value for money/recommend? : yes however ymmv

After hearing a lot of hype about this place decided to give it a shot.  Made a booking after a few text and made my way to Banyo.  Arrived at this place and first thing I noticed is that its in front of a busy road across from the train station where not only cars but pedestrians roaming around. The doors are locked so you will need to buzz in, from outside this place looks a bit like Brothel. I get greeted by a smoking hot young brunette Aussie girl whom could easily pass as 19-21. After handing over a Hundred she escorted in me in the room. I gotta say this place is really modern like a 5 star hotel The owners obviously spent a the big $$$  making this place look this nice by far the nicest looking shop I've ever been too. 

 She tells me to wait while my girl comes. In comes a sexy young lady by the name of "Vanessa" In a sexy lingere outfit. Vanessa looks like an exotic Aussie mix skinny with nice lil tits and a nice curvey ass and shaved pussy. She's also got some nice tattoos too. She tells me to have a shower and then I come out and she's completely nude. Massage was sensual and relaxing  with lots of light teasing and body slides with her grinding her pussy and boobs all over by back and ass.  On the flip she simply offered a hj for $50 which I accepted. She continued the body slides in the front most in a 69 position with her ass and pussy in front of my face which I then played with her ass. Unfortunely touching of the vagina was a no no however everywhere else is fine. She then jerked me off in 69 position which finished me off. I then went for another shower and she Joined me in there briefly to wash the oil off my back. 

Price was a base of 45min $100 and 60mins $120 which includes a nude massage with body slides. Hj for 50 extra I don't think the girls do any other extras.  

Looks 8/10
Body 8/10
Massage 7/10
Ending 7/10
Attitude 7/10

Overall this place is very professional and the girls are trained well. Vanessa is a lovely girl, nice enough but I dunno if it's enough for me to come Rushing back. It was all business to her I dont think we really clicked. There's probably better vlm out there however I still enjoyed it. There's guys out there who probably won't like this place simply cause the girls here prob won't negotiate cheaper extras or do f/s or bj. seem like they follow a strict routine. However from I seen the girls here are young and hot as fuck which alone might be worth a go.


