Floor: #1
Post Time: 29th May 2013, 03:44 PM
Poster ID: BiggusDickus
Post Title: 
 Gina Massage Therapist - 149 Scarborough St, Southport - 0414 697 911 / 0420 580 627
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Gina

Establishment : Ginas massage

Date of Visit : May 2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :Gina Massage Therapist | Massages | Gumtree Australia Gold Coast City - Southport

or Gina Massage Therapist: May 2011




Hours of Business : 10am to 7pm Tuesday to Sunday

Rates : $65 hr

Age : 40's

Size/shape :Short 

Nationality or Ethnicity :Philippino 

Services Provided : None

Value for money/recommend? : Wouldn't know never got to find out but probably NO WAY!

My experience/comments : Had a booking and turned up a couple of minutes before the appointed time. 

The venue is in the mainstreet in the northern part of Southport. Upstairs 149 Scarborough St Southport.

Upon arriving I realised that Gina was not going to be able to keep the appt. She was busy massaging another punter.

I had an appointment for a hotstone sensual massage. Well I was told I couldn't have the hotstone by text about an hour before the appt time in spite of giving over 24hrs notice as per request for the session. Hence the booking time. In spite of the fact that the hotstone was not on offer I expected Gina to keep the appointment time. Alas of course some of these parlours don't care about protocol because all they care is to grab the money on offer in front of them. I walked out and sent a text saying I would return when she was ready to see me. well about ten minutes later I received a text saying she was ready to see me now. So i returned. I was about five minutes away. Upon arrival I was told now she had someone she had to see in ten minutes and tried to fob me off to another ml. No I was not interested. This crazy Pino was now just telling BS to cover her lack of Professionalism if she ever had any. Twice in the space of twety minutes. I told her I was walking away and was not impressed by the attitude.
These guys are unreliable. They really just want the money no fussing no real working no truthfullness certainly no trust could be placed in this outfit. Give Gina a wide berth. One thing is certain she has few repeat clients accoding to an ex-employee who I subsequently had a massage from around the corner. I was lucky but thought it best to point out if you want to be mucked around then by all means attend upstairs at 149. Fortunately I will never be able to report on her massage as I will never go and have it. 
There is a Gina in every City in this land. Unco ordinated, unco operative unco mpleted. This place is simply UNCO.


Biggus.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 30th May 2013, 12:26 AM
Poster ID: foolishmortal
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Is this the next door to blockbuster and across the pub? I've never noticed it walking towards 172. If this is the same location I'm thinking, then there used to be a wl working in that premises many years ago. Fun fact.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 30th May 2013, 12:55 AM
Poster ID: BiggusDickus
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Yes FM that is the place. It is also used for Pilates and Yoga in the evenings. You have to walk down to the stairs at the back of the arcade and climb up them to get to Ginas. She moved from Stevens street Southport where she had been for a few years upstairs in an old rundown weatherboard Queenslander. Gotta luv those Fun Facts.

Biggus.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 30th May 2013, 05:56 PM
Poster ID: foolishmortal
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Yep, that's the same place. My punting origin right there.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 10th June 2013, 10:09 AM
Poster ID: kapai
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Re Gina: been to her stevens st place a couple of times on advice . Receipt avail for medical insurance..... never had massage from Gina but the young girls i had gave a firm/hard thorough therapeutic massage, a lot of oil and definitely no HE..... for general info.


