Thread Title: Green Park Massage - 36 Loganlea Rd, Waterford West - 07 3089 1209
Floor: #1
Post Time: 8th August 2015, 02:23 PM
Poster ID: masterj
Post Title: 
 Green Park Massage - 36 Loganlea Rd, Waterford West - 07 3089 1209
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Mickey

Establishment : Green Park Massage

Date of Visit : 6.8.15

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : as above

Hours of Business : unknown

Rates : $60 hr +extras

Age : mid to late 20's

Size/shape : short, shapely legs, long hair, DD bust, prob size 14-16

Nationality or Ethnicity : Malaysian

Services Provided : therapeutic massage, conversation, HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments :
Finally got the phone to ring on the new number after getting an engaged signal for a few days, perhaps they were busy. Booked an hour massage and was shown to the room, clean, nicely decorated, quality towels and the reverse cycle air-con was heating the room. Mickey made conversation and provided a very good therapeutic massage. Her hard massage is more medium but very effective, no stray touches at all, but when she worked the butt she slid along the crack more than several times on both sides, each time further down to just about touching the ring. She allowed some gentle touch of her leg and butt  at the same time.

Mickey chatted away about it being her first winter ever, and is quite a nice person. When working my head, legs and feet she bends forward and allows her ample bosom to press against you. Her upper body, torso and arms are nice and fleshy. On the turn she did a very good and comprehensive legs massage, which went full length, right up to the groin/ pubic bone with the side of her hand and some pressure which moved the tackle but no direct touching, before returning to ask if i would like extras. She was just going to start then thought to say that it would cost extra and was that ok, i asked how much and she said $50  but i declined, so she asked what i would pay so i offered $30 and she waved her head and agreed as long as next time it was $40 or $50 as that's how much the manager said to charge.

Her HJ technique was very nice and personal. She used two hands one on the shaft one cupping the balls with just the right amount of oil to have some friction and heat the skin. She allowed touching on the legs, butt cheeks but not between from the back, she made some quiet noises which may have been for my benefit? or genuine, i am not sure, but they were effective. No access to the boobs as her arm obstructed, as she worked away, but she did allow me to rub her pussy from the front for awhile, on the outside, before i blew a couple of long strings. Clean up was with some hot towels and more chat and i was out right on the hour. 

Overall a very good service at $90 for an hour especially if you like your girls more fleshy or almost bbw


