Thread Title: Harbin Holistic Massage - Slacks Creek - 07 3208 6616
Floor: #1
Post Time: 29th February 2012, 05:43 PM
Poster ID: blackdog
Post Title: 
 Harbin Holistic Massage - Slacks Creek - 07 3208 6616
				
Post Content: 
Hey there has anybody been 2 Harbin Holistic Massage at Slaccks Creek.  I live on the northside of town and heard bout it but dont want to go all th way over there if its no good.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 21st May 2014, 09:40 AM
Poster ID: Toomuchtime
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lulu

Establishment : Harbin Holistic Massage

Date of Visit : 20/5/14

Contact Details/Address : 3208 6616      Unit 4/3377 Pacific Hwy Slacks Creek

Hours of Business : Unknown but open 7 days

Rates : $40 for half an hour plus extras

Age : 40 ish

Size/shape : Solid and busty

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian

Services Provided : Nude massage and tug

Value for money/recommend? : Not really

Found this place in the Courier Mail and decided to try it as it was under Exotic Relaxation which from past experience means a solo operator offering extras.On the phone I was quoted $40 for 30 minutes by a lady who sounded quite old but I wasn't too put off by that.Upon arrival I was surprised to find it was set up as a shop with lots of signage.The entrance is via a locked door at the top of the stairs so there is no public walk of shame.The door was opened by a 40ish lady in a short tight dress with plenty of boob on show so it was so far,so good as I like asian ladies with a bit of meat on them.There appeared to be several rooms set up for massage but I didn't see any other staff.There was no massage to speak of,she just moved her hands lightly over my back,bum and sack so it was pretty clear that extras were on offer.I turned over after about 2 minutes and she asked if I wanted a happy ending to which I replied yes.Then she started trying to upsell,quoting $50 for a nude tug,which I declined and I eventually got her down to $30.She didn't get totally nude,she took off her undies,pulled the dress up and flopped her boobs out but that was enough for me.She allowed some pussy and ass play but her pussy was a bit smelly so that wasn't great.The tug was nothing fantastic,she was clearly trying to get me empty and out the door as quick as possible so I slowed it up as best as I could to get my moneys worth.After I blew I asked for a head massage but she said time was up even though it had only just been over 20 minutes.
All up,a pretty forgettable experience and one I won't be repeating when I am next in Brisbane.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 21st May 2014, 10:50 AM
Poster ID: Armitage Shanks
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Nice review, thanks


Floor: #4
Post Time: 29th December 2014, 07:26 PM
Poster ID: Armitage Shanks
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lulu

Establishment : Massage Parlour

Date of Visit : 27/10/14

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 3208 6616, Unit 4/3377 Pacific Hwy, Slacks Creek

Hours of Business : 9-5, 7Days

Rates : $50/half + $45 HJ + $40 for FS (declined)

Age : 40's

Size/shape : Stocky, saggy, tits ok

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian

Services Provided : 'Massage', HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Not at all

My experience/comments : 

Apologies for the belated review. Have been quite busy.
Despite the previous review, I was keen to give it a go, as I do appreciate the mature MLs, and was hoping to be pleasantly surprised. 
It was a bad idea.

Rang 10 mins ahead. 
Parked at the carpark outside, which is in front of another business, quite exposed, and she can easily see you enter and leave from her upstairs 'studio'. Not sure if there is parking out the back, but I'd recommend it if there were.

Up the stairs to a locked door, knocked, and was greeted by Lulu, wearing nothing overly flattering, and not very attractive overall - and no smile. 
I didn't mind, as I'd had a shit of a day, and a long drive ahead. This would be a great relax.

She seems to live here. You walk through a sort of kitchen into the massage room at the front. The massage room is not the worst I've seen. Seemed to be clean and tidy. The rest of the place looked a bit of a dive.

Paid $40 as quoted for the half hour, undressed while she was still in the room, and onto the bed. A little bit of chit chat, her English is not bad.

She asked "soft or hard?", but not sure why she bothered, as the massage was just light finger stroking over my back and legs. Actually just awkward and annoying. 

She tickled the nuts a bit, so after about 10 mins of this stuff I turned over and asked for a HJ.
She asked for $60! I offered $30 (going by TMTs review), then she flipped a bit, and was actually a bit rude to me. 
I really wasn't in the mood to argue or barter much and I'm a nice guy, so we settled on $45. 
She made me hop of the table and get the cash out of my jeans.

The handjob was just boring, and she was uninterested, but making these weird breathing sounds, in some attempt to turn me on maybe? I'm really not sure. I did put my hand up her skirt for a bit and I could feel she was very wet, even through her knickers. At this point she offered $40 for FS. No thanks I said. I was close to being done anyway - Plus I wouldn't have enjoyed it at all by this stage.

When done, I mostly cleaned myself up, then was out of there in a flash.

Probably the worst punt I've had 


Cheers, 
AS


