Thread Title: Kan Thai massage -  newstead - 0431 548 739 ​ ​
Floor: #1
Post Time: 20th November 2017, 11:20 AM
Poster ID: tuan_87
Post Title: 
 Kan Thai massage -  newstead - 0431 548 739 ​ ​
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Kan

Establishment : private Apartment 

Date of Visit : Monday 

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.alinaqueen74.com

Hours of Business : 9-6pm 7 Days

Rates : $100 30mins $160 60mins

Age : Claims shes 39 however I'm guessing early mid 40s

Size/shape : Slim busty 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : massage with body slides with hj ending.

Value for money/recommend? : yes I do recommend however I personally won't be
Coming back. 

My experience/comments :  so I saw some good reviews on this lady so decided
To give it a go. Im checked her website before I made a booking which gives all the info you need. So I simply threw her a quick text and asked her when she was free. She replied not long after and we agreed on a time. Booking was very professional she text me all the details of our up coming service and also Asked if I was after any extras don't be afraid to ask. This was my first visit so didn't bother. 

Ok so I rocked up at her building and she buzzed me in giving me simple instructions to get to her room. I rocked up and I asked her how her day was and the reply was "shush" with a index finger to her lips. look wise she was honestly better then I expected. She's Deff not ur typical older Asian women she's "modernized" .  The  room Was dark, clean,modern  with candles  with some weird art work. She has a nice tight lil body with fake tits. It's obvious she takes good care of herself. After a shower she offered me a quick drink
Then showed me a basket full of snacks chocolates crackers etc. 

I then lied down on the massage table that has  a hole where my penis goes for easy access. She then gets this really hot sticky wax and rubs it all Over my legs and my back. She then put some on my penis/nuts While doing sensual strokes which gave me a hard on. She then worked my neck then my back then after that was mostly body slides which she would slide her boobs/cunt across my back while using her hand from Behind doing upward strokes on my balls/cock. This went on for a while. On the flip same shit against however it was more of a titty fuck
Which she would slide up and down with my cock between her breast. She then
Gave me got off the bed and gave me
A good hj using a variety of techniques. This lady knew what doing and I finished up fairy quickly. Had a shower, got a few snacks on the way out, thanked her and I was off.

Overall she's a nice enough lady however I don't think we clicked. We barely said a word to each other the whole session. She's very good at what she does and is an professional and takes pride and confidence in her line of work. She's deff not the type that will take any of bs from clients.  Either way I enjoyed it but won't be returning.


