Floor: #1
Post Time: 7th January 2015, 02:59 PM
Poster ID: caybee
Post Title: 
 Kitty's Massage Therapy - 149 Scarborough St, Southport - 0451 480 775 / 0488 865 665
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lara

Establishment : Kittys massage therapy

Date of Visit : 7th Jan 2015.

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 149 Scarborough St Southport.
                                               Ph. 0451 480775..0488 865665


Hours of Business : 9Am--8Pm. 7 days

Rates : $45...1/2 hr..$65...1 hr(all incl)




Age : 20--22

Size/shape : Size 6 small 'B' cups

Nationality or Ethnicity : Taiwanese.

Services Provided : Massage only (swap for HE.)

Value for money/recommend? : Maybe, for massage not Hj.

Ok guys.I've been a bit quiet on this forum of late. Reason being I was sprung with a reply from a ML still in my message bank. Managed to weedle my way out of it but thought it better if I slowed down for a while to let the waters settle a little.

Anyhow rang the number for Nucy a couple of months ago,To my surprise I was told Nucy was no longer there,and a new manager had taken over: made a note to self to try them out when I was back on deck.Which leads to this review.

Rocked up this morning,9am, 1st cab of the rank. Was shown into the cubicle(after we had got the financials out of the way[$65...1hr all incl] ). The first thing I noticed was the new inclusion of timber walls dividing the cubicles, these do not reach to the ceiling but end about 600mm short, the entry is still just curtained off so there is no actual door to the room.

Got undressed,mounted the table to await the return of Lara.(she is a very pretty girl with a lovely, cute face). She returned and the question was put..How you like Massage?..opted for med-soft,as is my preference. The massage commenced and although it wasn't as good as I was used to in this establishment,(I refer of course to Nucy) it was still quite a pleasant experience. After about 30 mins or so I was treated to a hot stone rub on my back and legs,enjoyable it was too. During all the preceding there was no hint of tackle tease, not even an accidental touch.

Was then asked to roll over and was covered with a towel(this wasn't the case when I was on my stomach),she then proceeded to massage my face, head and chest. By now we had spent about 50mins on the massage part of the session..She then left, informing me someone else would complete the deed. Now anyone who has read my posts would know I do not particularly like this practice, I prefer the same masseuse from start to finish. Decided to go along with it to see how it paned out. Maybe shouldn't have in hindsight.

Anyway in comes the girl who was to do the deed, asked her name, was told it was Yuye(pronounced You-Yee)said she was from Thailand. She is a slim girl ordinary face (pleasant enough),I would put her on the wrong side of 25, more like27+. Anyhow on with the job, no lead up, just on with the oil and started a mechanical tug, did nothing,I was thinking of calling a halt and going elsewhere, but she then pushed her pussy into my hand so I started rubbing, this was enough to stiffen me up and get me over the line. A quick wipe then she was gone. I was left to finish the clean up.

At the end of the day the massage was quite good......The Hj was crap......Hence my comment under value for money etc.
I do not know if any other of the girls provide HE (I think Vicky[manager] does,but she wasn't due in till after lunch.)
Will I return? Probably not, as I do not like the old switcherroo for the Hj. But you never know, I may be desperate at some time down the track with no one else available.
Has anyone else been and had similar, or hopefully better experiences at this establishment?
I must add the 0488 865665 No was also one of the Ph No's Nucy used.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 5th April 2015, 05:26 PM
Poster ID: wingmanstinson
Post Title: 
 Vanessa
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Vanessa

Establishment : Kitty's Massage Therapy

Date of Visit : Easter Sunday

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : As above 

Hours of Business : 9am -8pm

Rates : $50 / 35

Age : Late 20's

Size/shape : Size 6/8 with a nice pert ass and a semi handful of tits

Nationality or Ethnicity : Venezualan

Services Provided : RNT

Value for money/recommend? : Yes / Yes

My experience/comments : 

After seeing an ad on Locanto for quite some time now offering south american girls doing happy endings with their massage, I thought today of all day's I should treat myself. 

Gave the number a call and within minutes I was driving to the local shops to make a timely ATM withdrawal. 

True to the advertisement I was greeted by a lovely south american girl with not the greatest of english who said the most she could was 35 minutes as she was booked later on So i figured that that would be more than enough to suffice my cravings. 

The massage was fairly basic focusing on the Back then legs and then some dedicated tickle tackle. Within moments I was on my back and she was stroking the mars rover to completion. I did give her an additional $20 to take off her short skirt so I could marvel in her ass clad in nothing but the tiniest of g-strings. Yes this is expensive but fuck it, I don't actually remember the last time I was with a latino girl tugging me off. 

As for the T, nothing crazy too report. She had a very good feel of things, whilst her pace was well done, I wish she would go a touch slower as I do prefer an elongated tug. 

If this shop stays with the current Latino feel I think they will be onto something good, as I'm not a fan of yellow fever, not because I'm not attracted to asian's but simply cause the asian's on the Goldy aren't the greatest of lookers. 

Happy Easter Gents


Floor: #3
Post Time: 20th April 2015, 05:13 PM
Poster ID: caybee
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Nana.

Establishment : Kittys Massage Therapy.

Date of Visit : 20 Apr. 2015.

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 149 Scarborough St Southport...0451 480775/0488 865665.

Hours of Business : 9am--8pm.

Rates : $50. half hour...$70 1hour. (incl).

Age : 22 or 23.

Size/shape : Chubby. 'B'cups

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese.

Services Provided : Massage. HE.

Value for money/recommend? : Maybe for some but not for me.

My experience/comments :..................Managed to cut loose from the ball & chain today...So of course, my mind at once turned to some more punting adventures I headed into Southport.(I was restricted to public transport, so this was the closest and easiest area for me to get to). I didn't really have anyone or any shop I particularly wanted to visit in mind so I was just winging it. I read in Wingmans review that there was a Venezualan girl working at Kittys now, so I decided to pop up and sus it out. On entering, the place seemed empty and there was only 2 Asian girls there,Nana and one other .I was asked if I wanted a massage as they weren't busy. But decided to slip around to SAPA in Railway street see if they had improved any( on the HE front). If not it would serve as an entree to another adventure. As it turned out the shop was closed (door padlocked). I rang the Mob. number on the door and was told they're not opening till 4pm. 9 strange time to open but in any case to late for me.
As a result of said closure I decided to once again try my luck at Kittys. When I arrived back there ( I'd been gone only about 10 mins) they were all busy with one waiting.I was told there was a 15 min wait. No problem, took myself for a walk and returned after 15 mins. Was shown into the room by Nana and told the usual "Undress and lie face down on the table." A couple of minutes later she returned and started the massage. I don't think she has been doing massage for too long, as it was just not doing it for me, it was more like a body rub with no real massage technique and no relaxation benefits....... But hey,some might enjoy; just not me..The procedure became very repetitive, with her concentrating only on my back between my shoulders and hips for the first 25 or so minutes(she did include a little neck muscle massage, which was quite good). I was beginning to wonder if the legs and buttock area (and hopefully,the areas in between)were ever going to get any attention at all.Eventually she arrived at the neglected areas and did her thing, same body rub action as on the back....Ho Hum...This continued for another 10 mins or so, with no sign of any tickle or tease ay all, accidental or otherwise. I was beginning to think this girl was not a "Provider", and I was in for the old switcheroo again....Anyway at last she left and returned with a towel (dry) to wipe the oil off, she then asked me to flip and started on the front...To my great surprise she started on my upper thighs and there was the the gentle feathery touches and tease that was glaringly missing when I was on my stomach..She kept this up for quite a few minutes, and in no time had what was once my very limp, wet noodle standing to attention like a Grenadier Guard. I said to her that she should be employing the same teasing touch while I and other punters are laying on our stomachs.(I do hope she takes note and does so) I let her continue for a little longer,but, in the end urged her to finish the job,(I had about 2 weeks worth built up)which she did quite satisfactorily, in fact, by far the best part of the whole 60mins.....I had a little chuckle to myself after she'd finished the job; as she looked like she was wearing a white glove.
Once again I doubt I will return any time soon......But......It doesn't pay to slam and lock the door completely...So, I'll just keep it slightly ajar..


Floor: #4
Post Time: 5th July 2015, 06:33 PM
Poster ID: wingmanstinson
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Just an update for all that have been longing for the south american touch! 

After a freak visit to Happy Dragon today, it seems as though Vanessa and the rest of her fellow latina girlpals have jumped ship after becoming shitty with the management of the parlour in question.

Nothing has changed with Vanessa, she is still hot as all fuck and she has the best pair of natural tits I've seen, yes even better than cameron's! What I didn't like however is that Vanessa spent way too much time with me on my stomach, and by the time the tug was happening she was like only ten minutes left! That is the most annoying thing that could ever happen when you want to cross the line!!

Other than that though, enjoy it lads!


Floor: #5
Post Time: 9th June 2016, 12:38 PM
Poster ID: HornyHoratio
Post Title: 
 Kitty Massage - Southport, Gold Coast - 0451480775
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Vicky

Establishment : Kitty Massage, 149 Scarborough St, Southport (upstairs)

Date of Visit : 31 May 2016 

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Call/Text 0451 480 775
http://goldcoast.locanto.com.au/ID_7...ss-relief.html
Multiple locanto ads - not surprisingly, don't believe the pics, they're not her

Hours of Business : 9am-7:30pm Mon-Fri, not sure about weekends so call to check

Rates : $35/30min, $65/hr +$20 (part) nude

Age : Claims 20's according to ad, I reckon mid 30's 

Size/shape : 5'6", fair skin, long dark hair, shaved puss, A- cup tits, bit plump mainly upper thighs but I thought very nice

Nationality or Ethnicity : Vietnamese 

Services Provided : Massage, HJ with nude option - lifted her top, lowered her dress/panties, nipple suck and pussy fondle 

Value for money/recommend? : YES / Maybe

My experience/comments : 

Was in Southport for some errands and had spotted her ad on locanto so booked via text for an hour session. Upstairs and into large room setup with abt 6 (3/4 high, change-room like) cubicles with curtains for doors. Vicky appears to be the only (owner) worker here, asked her any other girls available - no, just her. Paid her for an hour, undressed and laid on table.

Her massage was dull, a firm but boring/ordinary circular massage with her forarm on my back which didn't vary at all. So I amused myself by running my hand up her legs under her short tight skirt to stroke her bum over her panties, which she didn't mind but she pulled away when I ventured under her undies. Her massage style improved a bit when she moved to work on my legs rubbing my inner thighs and working my bumcheeks with the occasional brush of the sack and protruding knob. The annoying part was she regularly had to walk out to answer her phone or clients turning up at the unlocked front door which she turned away for a later time. I said to her she seemed very busy and needed more workers but she didn't seem too keen on that idea (huh, what the ?).

Turn over time and she went to work oiling and massaging my chest and legs then moved onto my hardening cock. She asked any extras I'd like and I suggested her nude which she aggreed.  She lifted (didn't remove) her top to reveal her miniscule tits with prominent nipples and pulled her skirt and panties down to her knees. My hands went to work fondling her pussy and bum but her legs were close enough together so it didn't enable me to slip any fingers inside. She worked slowly stroking my cock and rubbing my balls as I sat up to lick and suck on her nipples. I couldn't hold any longer and blew my load as she increased the tempo of her cock strokes. She cleaned me up with some toilet paper from a roll and she left me to get dressed while she went to usher a client into another cubicle. She returned, I paid her the $20 for nude option and I left after dodging the other clients walking in. She used a supermarket no-brand scent-free oil very sparingly so I didn't walk out feeling greasy.

Vicky's massage technique and regular interruptions to attend to clients were disappointing but for the price I paid I walked out "happy ended". Would not rush back particularly given the travel distance for me, but if I happen to be in the area I may pay her another visit.


