Thread Title: Lilly - Day Dream Massage - 5537 1427
Floor: #1
Post Time: 27th March 2016, 02:08 PM
Poster ID: kapai
Post Title: 
 Lilly - Day Dream Massage - 5537 1427
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lily


Establishment : Day Dream Massage



Date of Visit : 20-03-16



Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Locanto and Bully ad: Shop 9/110 Brisbane Rd. (Entrance Babbibge st ) Labrador. 55371427



Hours of Business : 9-9



Rates : start @30 for 30 min.



Age : 20



Size/shape : Size 6 Nice face small boobs



Nationality or Ethnicity : Taiwanese



Services Provided : massage  & Tug



Value for money/recommend? : OK



My experience/comments : Have seen this place advertising in Bully & on Locanto so thought I would toft.
This is another new fit out with walls to ceiling and shower available. Arrived through back entrance and notice 7 rooms all new and quality setup. Soon greeted buy a middle aged male at reception with excellent English and paid for 30 min then asked if I wanted front massaged and that was another 20. At this point not sure what I was about to get and had to wait 10min as the 5 masseurs on were all busy, the place was like  railway station so would pay to book on a weekend.
My turn finally came and off to room and readied on table with small towel covering rear and waited another 5 min then Lilly arrived. A pleasant girl with some English and had only been here 3 weeks on working Visa. Didn't ask about pressure or oil and a mild massage commenced with some chat with her kneeling at front of table while chatting right in my face which was quite very inviting, I could easily have kissed her but refrained on this visit. I noticed when mounting the table a plastic cover so expected oil. She learnt massage in Taiwan and it was a mild therapeutic type which was ok. After about 15 min she suddenly doused my back with coconut oil and it was running down my sides a crack and proceeded to massage oil in and I must admit it was a pleasant feeling and no sooner she did this she wiped off with a very warm towel which did a good job no oily feeling and turn over was requested. Now there was no hiding behind towel here so hopes were up and still wondering bout massage of front. She then doused my stomach and thighs with oil again running down the sides. Her gentle hands then massaged stomach and thighs for a cople of minutes then straight to the tackle without a word being spoken and a nice gentle tug draining nicely. She allowed some gentle touch of legs as she wore shorts but nothing to adventurous on this visit. Another nice clean up and no extra requested so 50 to start is all inclusive .Not sure wether the nude thing will happen here but you never no with familiarity thing could progress. She still a little shy and not forward like some of the girls who offer. All in all a nice girl and pleasant visit....be interesting if things develop here.......................


