Thread Title: Lilys Massage - 33 Holywell Rd, Biggera - 07 5679 3665
Floor: #1
Post Time: 1st June 2013, 10:45 AM
Poster ID: kapai
Post Title: 
 Lilys Massage - 33 Holywell Rd, Biggera - 07 5679 3665
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : ?

Establishment : Lilys Massage

Date of Visit : April 13

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 33 Holywell road, Biggera. in Shopping Centre Building. p:56793665

Hours of Business : 9-7

Rates : Starts @ $50.00 rnt

Age : Early 20s

Size/shape : Solid for asian

Nationality or Ethnicity : Korean

Services Provided : therapuetic massage & HE

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : Had seen this ad in Bully and cant recall any reviews thought i would toftt.
Turned up without appointment and spoke with reception a middle aged chinese lady and discussed options. ( Same owners here as 25 Brisbane rd ). Told her my 1st visit but discussed my visit to 25 Brisbane rd which put me on good terms. Asked for same service and with a smile she booked me for a 30 min app in half an hour as japanese girl who does xtras busy. 
Returned for app and started massage and soon found i didnt have Japanese girl but a Korean so began wondering bout outcome. Massage was firm and was a seriosly proffessional effort with attention to whole body. Discussed any areas for additional attention, very thorough but was still thinking of outcome.
Whisper came to turnover and held the towel up as a screen,wtf, then continued with massage on stomach and legs for 5 min or so. I discussed my visit to other shop and yuka the girl who gave massage which turns out to be a flatmate. I was doing all this to familiarise myself with girls as i had received topless from yuka as well as touching and HE. Suddenly massage stopped and she left the room supposedly to talk to mamsam who had now returned to counter. Returned in no time to continue massage then asked if i wanted relief and we were back on track ....... Technique was good and slow but touching was not welcome nor topless.

In conclusion $50 allup was ok as massage was excellent but am left wondering what may have eventuated had a got the girls promised........ will return for the Japanese girl but book in advance.
This is a clean well presented shop if room a little small.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 23rd August 2013, 12:16 PM
Poster ID: caybee
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Sadly this shop is now closed; all business now done at 25 Bris Rd..


