Thread Title: Magic Massage - Sh 148, Cairns Central Shopping Centre - 07 4041 2996
Floor: #1
Post Time: 16th May 2014, 01:08 AM
Poster ID: LUNGOR
Post Title: 
 Magic Massage - Sh 148, Cairns Central Shopping Centre - 07 4041 2996
				
Post Content: 
... I need a taxi, I should have asked for one, but I decided to walk back and that was a fucking bad decision.!

cut the long story short, I walked for near 40 min before I get back to town, so bloody tired, damn, I need a foot massage, and you know what, it is late night shopping, so I walked into the Cairns Central shopping centre and look for a massage shop. low and behold, there is one on the first floor:

Person's Name : Albee

Establishment : Magic Massage

Date of Visit : 15 May 2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 07-4041-2996, shop 148, Cairns Central Shopping Centre

Hours of Business : shopping centre hours

Rates : $75/60 min

Age : 20's

Size/shape : size 6, petite

Nationality or Ethnicity : Taiwanese

Services Provided : reflexology foot massage

Value for money/recommend? : I really needed that and it was so good I felt asleep

Personal experiences:


This is a legit shop, when I got there, they were all busy and there is a 30 min wait, so I put my name down and went next door to the Sushi bar and had a bowl of udon noodles.


when I come back, this cute little Taiwanese girl Albee seat me down in this big comfy chair for the foot massage, as it was past 8pm and they are closing by 9pm, so she asked me if it is ok to skip the foot spa and go straight to foot massage, I have no problem with that, I was a bit captured by Albee's low cut T=shirt, I can see some cleavage down the shirt top, for those brother who have been following my posts with Stanmore, I can say that Albee actually looks like the other Taiwanese girl Miranda, she even talks and sounds like her, similar body shape and a bit of cheekyness.

If this is a Rnt shop, I could see that I can have some fun with Albee, but it's only a foot massage, so looking down her T-shirt and see a bit of cleaveage is all I can get.

The foot massage was pretty good, she wears a plastic glove to massage my feet and it feels so good I was falling asleep half way through.


There you go, not really two punts back to back, but it's a life style nonetheless, FS followed by a foot massage, if only I had taken a taxi back instead of walking on empty streets for 40 min, this would have been a perfect evening.

Back home tomorrow, it's nothing better than home and Sydney and all the fun I can have and all the naked bodies, big tits and sexy mouths waiting for my cock !! can't wait ............haha


Floor: #2
Post Time: 23rd October 2014, 10:52 AM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by LUNGOR


 .... Back home tomorrow, it's nothing better than home and Sydney and all the fun I can have and all the naked bodies, big tits and sexy mouths waiting for my cock !! can't wait ............hah
"""



Well said. No place better


