Thread Title: Massage House - Underwood - 0450 088 819
Floor: #1
Post Time: 28th March 2015, 06:48 AM
Poster ID: masterj
Post Title: 
 Massage House - Underwood - 0450 088 819
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lily  / Li Li??

Establishment : Massage House Underwood

Date of Visit : 24.3.15

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 2950 Logan Rd Underwood
                                               Half way between Green Tea Massage 1 and Bamboo Panda
                                               Web search brings up Massage House Fortitude Valley with the same logo, so i guess this is another shop

Hours of Business : Unknown

Rates : $70 hr deep tissue + extras

Age : Mid 30's?

Size/shape : Strong Solid MILF

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian / Chinese?

Services Provided : Traditional Deep tissue massage HJ

Value for money/recommend? : YES

My experience/comments : 

I think this shop has had a small 'waxing/ massage' board on the nature strip for 6 months or so but now there's a painted sign. I called the number and was asked what kind of service i would like; soft massage, deep tissue or something else, said i was after a hard massage and someone to work on my back so it was, "ohhh deep tissue". Inside the foyer area its a bit dark and there's a big counter, paid the money to the mamasan, who let me know that the masseuse didnt speak any english and that she would help sort it out for me, if i wanted anything else just to let her know and that i would be VERY HAPPY with the massage VERY HAPPY.

Lily came out of a large room to the side of the Foyer and we all went through the curtain behind the counter, under some stairs and to the left there are two new rooms, brightly lit with downlights, red ceiling, small and basic at the moment with a shared air con. There is still some construction/ reno going on but the workmen were no where in sight. All three of us were in the room and the mamasan told Lily the massage details and again said if there was anything else just to let her know and she would come back and sort it out. 

Lily stayed in the room as i stripped down, she then proceeded to give me what i think is a traditional chinese massage. The amount of force and pressure she applied was phenominal, bordering on a S&M session which had me groaning and laughing in pain much to her amusement. At times my whole body was rocking as she loosened muscles, worked meridians and pressure points all of which gave me a good boner but happy she didn't do any tackle tickle when working my legs and butt.

Midway through, a younger guy was shown through to the other room, i could hear his hesitancy and the mamasan was going " you are so handsome, what service would you like, this is my first day working here, you are so handsome, have you been here before", to which he said yes but then got court out but she continues with the "you are so handsome and what service would you like before i hear maybe next time you are so handsome" and he has bolted. Lily missed all of that as she doesn't speak english so i was chuckling to myself.

Before the turn over the karate chops started and she was really striking me, if she was a footy player it would have been a 3 -5 match suspension for sure. This is the first time in many years that i have actually been massaged on the front, she worked the pecks  and re-distributed the energy in the abdomen and worked the internal organs before working my legs. She made the sign, i nodded and she held up 4 fingers i smiled and held up 3 she smiled nodded and got to work. A standard Hj followed and touching was allowed but i was feeling cheeky and thought i would have some fun, so just before orgasm i squeezed hard and went soft... her eyes popped and she gasped and she flopped it around from side to side chuckled something, but there was no language barrier now... she flicked the nipple and a couple of times made the head motion for a BJ and laughed harder, worked the balls and nails dragged the length. Time was running out so i gave in and with my hand up her dress grabbing her butt and inner thigh i sprayed over my chest and she jumped back. Clean up was with a roll of toilet paper as it was with the massage oil, maybe they will have a shower with the building works?

 I dressed with Lily in the room and she went off to get me some change, i smiled and bowed and gave her $10 back to which she grinned and took a friendly swipe at me. On the way out the mamasan asked if i was VERY HAPPY with the deep tissue massage to which i said i was, which she was pleased to know and suggested next time i might like to try something else


Floor: #2
Post Time: 28th March 2015, 01:35 PM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by masterj


Person's Name : Lily  / Li Li??

Establishment : Massage House Underwood

Date of Visit : 24.3.15
.

"""



Thank you for your review masterj.

Good discovery and review.

Here is one of the (great many of) classifieds ad for this business, Japanese & Thai Massage | Massage - Certified/Therapeutic | Health & Beauty | Northern Rivers Echo


