Thread Title: May - Bamboo Massage Spring Hill - 3831 0882
Floor: #1
Post Time: 10th May 2016, 11:46 PM
Poster ID: Rntjimmy
Post Title: 
 May - Bamboo Massage Spring Hill - 3831 0882
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : May

Establishment : Bamboo Massage

Date of Visit : 13 April

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 1/500 Boundary St, Spring Hill. Remedial, Deep Tissue & Relaxation Brisbane Massage

Hours of Business : 10am to 10pm

Rates : $70 for 1 hour

Age : 24

Size/shape : Slim, fair and tall. Nice legs

Nationality or Ethnicity : Taiwanese

Services Provided : Massage plus HE

Value for money/recommend? : Definitely

My experience/comments : The address is listed as Boundary St but the entrance is actually off North St opposite the hospital. Fairly discreet entry from the back. For Brisbane visitors (like me) the location is walking distance from the CBD and Roma st station. Arrived in Brisbane early afternoon, checked into my accommodation and then headed to Bamboo arriving around 2.30pm. Didn't make a booking and decided to take pot luck. Cute looking girl answered the door who was also my allotted therapist. I found her very attractive. Long black hair, fair skin, pretty face, slim, A/B cup, tall and nice legs (she was in shorts). Found out that she was Taiwanese. English was only average though. She took me to the room and I paid the money (no mention of extras at this point) and she left me to undress. Stripped down, hopped up on the table and waited for her to return. She started the massage and we engaged in a little chit chat. I then asked if she did extras. She said "we don't do here". I responded saying I hoped she might reconsider and promised that I'd keep things discreet. She said nothing in reply. We continued to chat as she massaged my back and legs. As the massage continued there were plenty of sensual brushes between the legs. It felt great! On the flip I asked again about extras and this time she said "ok" but didn't say anything about price. She then commenced a slow and sensual HJ with plenty of eye contact. She didn't seem all that experienced in doing the deed and was somewhat timid. But nevertheless with a bit of guidance and coaching did a pretty good job. All up a great time with an attractive and friendly girl. She made no mention of cash even once the massage was over so I tipped her $40 as I was leaving. I also booked her again for later that evening!


Floor: #2
Post Time: 27th November 2016, 03:00 PM
Poster ID: Whatakonk
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Amy,  a timid Taiwanese lass.

Person's Name : AMY

Establishment : Bamboo Massage

Date of Visit : November 24 2016  3 pm

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 1/500 Boundary St, Spring Hill. Brisbane Qld.

Back entrance via stairs.
Next door to the hospital.

Tel: 07-3831 0882

Hours of Business : 10am to 10pm

Rates : $75 for 1 hour 

Age : 25 looks younger

Size/shape : Very Slim/ size 6 or less,  very young body , pretty  face long hair , A cups  long arms and legs.
Nationality or Ethnicity : Taiwanese  Good Fluent in English Student PT massage lady

Services Provided : Massage   NO extras… Flirting. Reverse massage demonstration.

Value for money/recommend? : 

Was in Brisbane for a two day conference.  Wanted to escape for a bit for massage. 
This shop was a block from my hotel so decided to try it out.

 Nice setup very neat and serene. Seems very typically legit.  Met the young girl named Amy. She was friendly and chatty. Showered, and when she was back in the room it was all by the book . 

Amy kept in her tshirt and cut off jeans. Provided a medium strength full body massage. ice massage and we chatted all the way through. I asked if I could massage her, she declined saying she has to massage me. She allowed me to caress her legs when she was closer to me  at the head of the table.
While we were talking, she was curious about difference between Sydney and Brisbane. I gave her a general idea that in some massage shops, more fun can be had,  but it was up to the ML .
She was curious to know why I like massaging ML’s.. and I suggested I give her some extra dollars and demonstrate what I was referring to.  She declined, but accepted a massage with her clothes on for the last 15 minutes.

 She wiped me with the warm towels and  we switched positions.

 I gave her a decent firm massage and she was relaxing and enjoying it.  I suggested removing her shorts abut she preferred not. 
Ironically I was met with no resistance with my hands under her shirt massaging her back and  sliding my hands under her slightly oversized bra.. and inside her slightly loose jeans shorts,  which allowed enough freedom for me to massage her bum and inner thighs..  Amy seemed to like this and was allowing for my fingers to gently massage her pussy..  She did not want fingers inserted and was a bit worried about finishing on time,  as there was another booking.  I did not push  it,  and I think more would have unfolded if the next half hour was free. But I had to get back to the hotel in order not to be absent for too long.

Overall was a fun experience. We talked a lot and she gave me her wechat contact so will keep in contact. She admitted the massage was good and would be happy to do it again for longer. Unfortunately, I had to leave that evening, otherwise would have gone back for more tutoring of Amy.  

Not exactly what I was looking for…. but a decent massage and Amy was very nice and easy to chat with.

I assume some others in this shop would be providing a bit more. 
She said some days Thai girls work other days Taiwanese. So Thai days may be the 'extra' days.

Cheers

Wak


Floor: #3
Post Time: 10th December 2016, 10:47 PM
Poster ID: Rntjimmy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I make a point of visiting this shop whenever I'm in Brisbane and mostly there's no problem getting extras. Most recently I had a hot 25 year old Taiwanese girl called Julie. I need to post a review...


Floor: #4
Post Time: 18th March 2017, 04:34 PM
Poster ID: Solution
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
this is a really nice clean massage place. Been on a couple occasions and each time the massage has been outstanding. 

 I have never had extra services offered or been given any indication that these are available. I would be surprised if there were.....


