Thread Title: Mermaid Massage - Mermaid Beach - (07) 55 266069
Floor: #1
Post Time: 19th December 2014, 12:30 PM
Poster ID: kapai
Post Title: 
 Mermaid Massage - Mermaid Beach - (07) 55 266069
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Toby

Establishment : Toby Massage

Date of Visit : 16-12-14

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Shop 1 2558 GCHY @ Mermaid Beach (across road from Mitre 10. North bound) ph:55266069

Hours of Business : 9-9

Rates : various: 30 for half hr +

Age : 25

Size/shape : nice average to small Asian body, toned and pleasant face.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Taiwan

Services Provided : R&T

Value for money/recommend? : yes

My experience/comments : Saw this ad on locanto and it checked out to be here. New open 3 months and lovely service minded girls on duty. Parking at rear and on side of block by carwash. Went at 10.45am  and greeted by 2 pleasant young ladies who spoke good English so discussed options and settled for 30 min $30. Shown to 1 of 7 cubicles that had lockable doors, solid walls not to ceiling. Just big enough as is a new conversion and every thing all swish. Though I was going to get this tiny young part Asian beauty but on return it was the older lady who was at reception. I recognised her face from some other shop and it turns out to be Toby the part owner who used to work at Malaysian across the road. Conversation was good and a pleasant smile got us underway to a very good firm massage. At this point happy to only get nice massage on first visit and as the thorough massage continued there was no real indication as to xtras so getting close to end I gave her leg a gentle rub without rejection so just letting her know my feelings. Nice massage concluded on back and was asked to turn over in a nice quiet tone so all looked promising and she started on stomach and upper thighs which I like rather than go for the kill. She actually looked a little sheepish when smiling then asked ever so sweetly if I wanted xtras to finish and my smile told the story well and a nice slow tug commenced with a lot of massage leading to the shaft. At this point I was now touching under her skirt and what a nice firm body. Didn't want to take it too far as we hadn't even  discussed price and I was soon gone for the count. So an enjoyable session with nothing new really but just a nice young lady and good service. On dressing all she wanted was $20 for xtras so all good and will return.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 10th July 2015, 06:25 PM
Poster ID: caybee
Post Title: 
 Toby Massage - Mermaid Beach - (07) 55 266069
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Bell.

Establishment : Toby Massage.

Date of Visit : 10/7/2015.

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Ph: (07) 55 266069..Shop 1/2558 Gold coast Hwy Mermaid beach.

Hours of Business : 7 days 9Am till late.

Rates : $30..half Hr...$60..1Hr.

Age : Mid 20's.

Size/shape : Large (not fat) size 10/12. "B' cups

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese.

Services Provided : Massage HE. 

Value for money/recommend? : Yes/Yes.

My experience/comments : 

After my non event at Yes Massage I had to continue on to greener pastures to unload the baggage.. I had seen Toby Massage on my way home from FantAsia last week and popped it into my memory bank for later.(it turned out sooner rather than later)
Found a parking spot and entered: the entrance opens onto the busy Gold Coast Hwy near a set of traffic lights; so if your the shy type you might want to go after dark. Was met by an older (late 30's) lady who I assume to be the mamasan; said her name was Ella...Anyway was shown into the room to get undressed etc; a couple of minutes later Bell entered, I was a bit surprised as I hadn't expected a larger girl,but, no worries, I wasn't there to to be seen with a raving beauty; anyway she wasn't bad looking and had a pleasant disposition, also as I have said before some of the less attractive ladies give the best service.
When we got underway I found she gave a not too bad massage, firmish with a little bit of tease thrown in; this was turning me on somewhat and it wasn't long before the flip was suggested.. The action continued on the front for a while, with the mandatory brushes etc happening till the  sign put to me...How much??..$20. was the reply..Ok, let the party begin!.. Which it did She didn't have any unusual technique or anything like that, but what she did she did well. Wasn't too long till Caybee Jr got sick of it and spewed his guts ; once again I was lucky enough to get a girl who keeps going till you are completely drained (I absolutely love this).
She then took time to clean me up; she then finished with a nice head massage.. 
While I was getting dressed she was busy changing the towels on the table; this was good as I sometimes wonder about some shops.
She did tell me this was her last day, as she was going back to China. I got the impression she isn't planing on returning.. Too bad as she gave good service.. 
By the way, I still intend  returning to Thai Orchid at some time in the near future to see if any more than a legit massage is on offer.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 17th November 2017, 01:47 PM
Poster ID: kapai
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I noticed this place now called Mermaid massage was closed for a week after the Police raid on the news. But trading again now.


