Thread Title: New Asian Style deep relaxation Massage
Floor: #1
Post Time: 17th November 2013, 12:30 PM
Poster ID: kapai
Post Title: 
 New Asian Style deep relaxation Massage
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Pinut manager, Pam


Establishment : 2971 GC Highway



Date of Visit : 11-11-13



Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 56792598



Hours of Business : 9- late 7 days



Rates : various; 50 for 30min with HE.



Age : Pinut 40's ; Pam early 20's



Size/shape : Pinut sporty type taller than most: Pam lovely smile average size pleasant manner.



Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai i think not sure; Japanese



Services Provided : massage with HE



Value for money/recommend? : Pinut yes; Pam will get better only 1 month into her career.



My experience/comments : Thoght i would toftt. Rocked up and greeted by 2 happy ladies had been only open 3 days. Checked menu and 30 min it was. No ask for money so off to room which are solid but not to ceiling with lockable door. New fit out here all swish but basic facilities only just big enough to do the job. Pam was allocated and only her and Pinut the manager working at this stage. They tell me boss has 6 shops from Southport to Brisbane.
Pam is a lovely girl a little shy but good engwish so massage started and i just went a long with it. No question as to firmnes etc but a firm massage was given with a little conversation which i promted which i always do seems to make them more relaxed. Nothing new with massage technique was good and covered the back from head to toe. Roll over time and no massage of front just straight to the old fella.Hmmmm guess they read my mind or i look like a ..... old man. No this is obviously new to her and was just basic up and down motion which didnt really do it for me and she kept looking at clock so i asked her to get Pinut to cum finish me off. Pinut has pulled a few cocks in her time as the experince showed as she had me over the line in no time. They both didnt mind some touching but didnt pushit at this point and Pinut offered to do me next time i go. Nice thought but will see what developes.


