Thread Title: NJ Massage - 321 Lancaster Road Hamilton QLD - 0415 214 925
Floor: #1
Post Time: 2nd August 2019, 08:37 PM
Poster ID: antares01
Post Title: 
 NJ Massage - 321 Lancaster Road Hamilton QLD - 0415 214 925
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Tina

Establishment: NJ Massage 

Date of Visit: July 2019

Address: 321 Lancaster Road Hamilton QLD

Weblink: https://nj-massage.business.site/

Phone: 0415 214 925

Hours of Business : 9am to 9:30pm 7 days

Rates : $65/hour plus tips

Age : Late 30s perhaps Older

Size/shape : Slim size 6 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : RnT

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : Dropped in without a booking, up the stairs and into reception.  Mamasan behind the desk asks if I want a massage to which I answer in the affirmative and nominate 1 hour.  I hand over $65 and Mamasan then calls out "Tina" and Tina appears at the run from a back room.  Tina takes me through to a nice big room, high ceilings with a massage table and chair, Tina asks me to take clothes off and she will be back soon.  Clothes off and folded on the chair and I am sitting on the massage table when she returns.  We introduce ourselves, agree on medium massage and I assume the position on the table.  Tina starts off with a massage through a towel which is quite good. She then slides the towel down to cover my legs and bum, apples some oil and gives me a pretty good back, neck and arm massage which felt quite professional. As the massage progressed the towel slipped further down and Tina's hands spent and increasing amount of time on my bum.  After perhaps 20 min, Tina slid the towel up to cover my back and launched into an excellent bum, leg and foot massage.  This could have been totally professional except her hands kept slipping  into my groin creases an tickling my sack .  After a bit Tina stopped and went out to get hot/wet towels for a bit of a clean up. Extras were mentioned during the clean up and it was the usual Brisbane prices ;50 HJ, 70 topless and 100 nude.  Tina wouldn't budge on price so I stuck with the $50 hj option.  I would have liked to get her nude but $100 is too steep for me.

The towel was discarded after the cleanup and Tina started a lovely light fingertip back, bum and leg massage leading to some excellent reach though TT - really good, up with the best .  After a bit, Tina asked me to turn over, there was a token front massage then she oiled me up for a very skillful HJ. Tina didn't rush, started slowly and kept at it with lots of eye contact. Lots of variation in rate and pressure and always checking it was OK for me.  Usual clean up with tissues then more hot/wet towels.  

Tina left the room while I got dressed and was waiting for me in reception when I went out.  I asked for a business card and she gave me a card indicating I was entitled to a $55/hour rate in future ....... I will believe that after my next visit. Out the door on the 1 hour mark.

Summary:
Nice clean premisesI didn't ask re showerCost was $115 total for the hour, hopefully will be $105 next visit.There is off street parking in front shop if you don't mind your car being parked in front of a RnT place and there is street parking nearby.WIR?  For Tina, absolutely


Floor: #2
Post Time: 14th October 2019, 09:59 PM
Poster ID: antares01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Emma

Establishment: NJ Massage

Date of Visit: October 2019

Address: 321 Lancaster Road Hamilton QLD

Weblink: https://nj-massage.business.site/

Phone: 0415 214 925

Hours of Business : 9am to 9:30pm 7 days

Rates : $65/hour plus tips

Age : Mid 20s perhaps

Size/shape : Slightly plump size 6

Nationality or Ethnicity : Lao

Services Provided : RnT

Value for money/recommend? : Perhaps

My experience/comments : Dropped in without a booking, up the stairs and into reception. Emma is just letting a punter out the door, she says goodby to him and asks if I want a massage to which I answer in the affirmative and nominate 1 hour. I show Emma my $55 card and hand over $55. Emma then takes me through to the same nice big room as last time. Emma has excellent English and tells me to take clothes off and she will be back soon. Clothes off and folded on the chair and I am sitting on the massage table when she returns. We introduce ourselves, agree on medium sensual massage with a giggle from Emma and I hand over a $50 tip for the HJ.and I lay down  on the table. Emma starts off with a reasonable medium oil massage using a towel to cover the body half not being worked on.

While on laying on my front, Emma massaged my neck, back, bum and legs but no TT unfortunately I estimate this part of the massage which was quite good went on for a good 40 min.  She then went off and came back with hot wet towels for the usual clean up.

After the cleanup Emma asked me to tun over and made a bit of a token effort at massaging my legs and stomach and then oiled me up for a HJ.  HJ was pretty average, nothing special.  After I had come, usual clean up with tissues then more hot/wet towels.  We had a few minuted left and Emma gave me a nice soft scalp massage to finis with.

Emma stayed in the room and tidied up while I got dressed then escorted me out the front door on the 1 hour mark.

Summary:

    Nice clean premises
    I didn't ask re shower
    Cost was $105 total for the hour.
    There is off street parking in front shop if you don't mind your car being parked in front of a RnT place and there is street parking nearby.
    WIR? For Emma, not really


