Thread Title: Nora - GC Massage  - Parkwood, Gold Coast - 0490 084 104
Floor: #1
Post Time: 15th March 2016, 10:23 AM
Poster ID: kapai
Post Title: 
 Nora - GC Massage  - Parkwood, Gold Coast - 0490 084 104
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Nora

Establishment : GC Massage @ Beauty

Date of Visit : 13 March.16

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0490084104: 14/300 Olsen Ave  49 for 1 hr Oil Massage by Sexy young Girls - Gold Coast body rubs - cracker.com.au

Hours of Business : 9-7: until 9 on thurs-sat

Rates : Start @ 35 for 30: a big menu here: 20 for tug.

Age : 20sh

Size/shape : Attractive size 6 with 2 bumps for boobs. Pleasant girl>Work weekends usually.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Taiwanese

Services Provided : Massage and tug some touching.

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments: 
Have seen this add on Locanto for a few months and had not seen a review so thought I would toftt. The adds always talked about sexy girls and walls to ceiling so thought it may be a good bet although when I arrived outside looked pretty ligit. On entering nice young lady approached and with good English asked what service would I like and what oils. Still not sure of outcomes here I proceeded to a well set up room. This is a new place  well set up with good standard of fitting.

Having readied on table with small towel covering in came Nora who also had excellent English and with good conversation ask what sort of pressure I would like. So I asked for the sexiest massage and with a smile she commenced. Well it turned out to be a med therapeutic type of massage as she had had some training. Along the way I asked if touching was ok and said it was fine. Now I didn't go overboard on first visit just some light touching of legs and under shorts and she did seem comfortable but didn't go for rubbing her pussy. She then asked if I had been here before so my hopes are now growing. So about 20 min mark having wiped down with wet towel came turnover call and on turning covered my stomach with towel. Ummmm . Then rubbed oil on my thighs for awhile then the universal signal for 20. Now  nice slow rubbing of parts then a slow tug had we over in no time and drained me well then asked if I had enjoyed. At some point I did ask her if she did any other xtra's with a negative response. Now I took this visit quietly as I now do and not sure how much more is available here but a pleasant visit from a nice young girl. Probably try someone else next  visit.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 15th March 2016, 10:11 PM
Poster ID: niteowl
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks for taking one for the team Kapai. I too have even conflicted about the tone of the ads but seemingly legit look of the place. I also recall Manny (private at Arundel, reviewed here) telling me she also worked at a beauty/massage place in parkwood which by her description sounded like the same place. She said didn't have to do rnt there so I've held the assumption its legit. Thanks for clearing it up for us :-)


Floor: #3
Post Time: 16th March 2016, 10:42 PM
Poster ID: foolishmortal
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Been meaning to try this place as it's in my neighbourhood out but kinda broke atm. Kinda also very exposed with it being next door to hairdressers. Adding this to my list. Just wondering, is there shower fascilities?


