Thread Title: Oriental Star - Tweed Heads - 07 55991998
Floor: #1
Post Time: 14th September 2013, 08:40 AM
Poster ID: kapai
Post Title: 
 Oriental Star - Tweed Heads - 07 55991998
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Mia

Establishment : Oriental Star Shop 1 wharf St tweed heads

Date of Visit : 13-09-13

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 07 55991998

Hours of Business : 7 days 8am-late

Rates : various 60 for 30 full body with hj.

Age : 20

Size/shape : short < 5' round solid figure( not a feature)

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : 30 min medium massage with HE

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : 

First visit here and mamasan on door gave me the ' i know wot you are here' for look. Ask me full body massage and smiled -i replied to the affirmative- and off to room which didn't have walls to ceiling but that didn't seem to bother anyone ????

I guess its natures way you rarely get everything in the same package. Looks are not this girls strong point although nice pleasant personality, good english and nice sense of humour so in my eyes a good operator. Massage showed training although did concentrate more on legs and backside and from the first stroke of this firm massage - with touching intentionally evident - there was no question as to what i was going to receive so it was relax and enjoy.

I started the touching immediately and had her tight skirt up round her waist in no time. She was so polite that if she wanted to move aroung the table she would ask my permission so i would stop touching to allow this to happen. Hmmmmmmmmm.

Now the turnover came after 15 min and continued massaging front for 2 min then positioned herself between my legs with my knees up and started the tease slowly - nice slow approach. Hj was a little different than most which was enjoyable.

Brief cleanup and i thought this was it but no, a head and face massage was now on with different skill than i had exp in past. This went on for 10 min all the time with nice complimentary praise. The theme here was for a 60 min exp next time so fair enough and be happy to return.....Hot towel clean and happy punter..

Although the mamasam was probable close to 50 i recon might try her one day as these older operators can give a memorable exp. eg Mikki at malaysian mermaid and b  beach.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 14th September 2013, 09:02 AM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by kapai


Person's Name : Mia
.
.
I started the touching immediately and had her tight skirt up round her waist in no time. She was so polite that if she wanted to move aroung the table she would ask my permission so i would stop touching to allow this to happen. Hmmmmmmmmm...
"""



Nice review kapai.

Mia sounds a winner to me.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 24th September 2013, 12:50 PM
Poster ID: nhoj1234
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Called in here on Sunday Sept 15 early and saw Lily. She sounds much like Mia, young from Taiwan very good looking. provided great massage though I did have a sore neck for a few days after so not sure of her massage skills but very sure of her extra activities skills. Also knelt between my legs for front and back massages and she spent a lot of time and skill down below. Ended up doing hJ whilst  lying next to me and offered to kiss which was unusual.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 27th September 2013, 09:41 AM
Poster ID: rabbit13
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lilly

Establishment : Oriental Star Shop 1 Wharf St Tweed Heads

Date of Visit : 26-09-13

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 07 55991998

Hours of Business : 7 days 8am-late

Rates : varies 80 for 60 min. full body with hj.

Age : 20s

Size/shape : Trim, attractive

Nationality or Ethnicity : Taiwanese

Services Provided : 60 min medium massage with HE

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : Saw Lilly yesterday based on the above tip , I made a booking. Lilly is very friendly but with little English. She provides a very good massage and appears to have some training in this area. Lilly get up on the table for a parts of the massage and as suggested lies down while giving a very good hand job. She allows some touching provided you tread wearily, also kisses while tugging if you like that sort of thing. Overall a very good punting experience.


