Floor: #1
Post Time: 22nd January 2014, 03:17 PM
Poster ID: wingmanstinson
Post Title: 
 Paradiso Massage & Body Boutique - 18/12 Bayview St, Runaway Bay - 0466 513 808
				
Post Content: 
In my quest to discover the last remaining white massage girls (whether it be in a parlour or privately), I've searched every nook and cranny searching for what every cauc liking punter wants, a white ML. Just realising that my favourite ML has packed up shop, I want to the confines of gumtree and it surprisingly didn't disappoint.

As most of you may know, Gumtree has a strict no sexual service policy, so even when you might find an add that looks promising sometimes it may be taken down within a matter of hours. 

So come monday night and I'm doing my usual punter related searching when I see the title "Sensual Massage by Niki", unfortunately Sensual doesn't mean sexual to some massage therapists, So having recognised the number I took a stab and decided to see if a sensual massage was actually what was on offer. Thankfull the God's were on my side and  it was confirmed that the Massage Therapist Niki also does allow hand relief for $50 extra from a $60 hour swedish massage. 

Now I haven't been able to get Niki's stats but I know she is not asian which always helps if you're in the market for a cauc and she's mature but I dunno how mature.

In terms of times available: Both the website and SMS's exchanged have confirmed Niki's hours being  9am -2pm Mon Tues Wed Fri. As my luck would have it I work those hours until my contract finishes in two weeks time. But for everyone else, the oppurtunity is there. 

If anyone has seen this unknown commodity, please be a champ and review 

Hope this info helps  

Gumtree Ad: http://www.gumtree.com.au/s-ad/gold-...ast/1036953512

Text: 

"I'm an older more mature therapist. My hands are what you are here for!! I've seen it all before - nothing scares me. I can tailor the massage to suit. You'll find me at Paradiso Massage 18/12 Bayview St Runaway Bay 9am -2pm Mon Tues Wed Fri. 1hr mainstream massage (non-sexual) Swedish $60. I do accept tips additional."


Floor: #2
Post Time: 29th January 2014, 11:09 AM
Poster ID: wingmanstinson
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I will avoid a full length review as I believe discretion is needed in this case due to a number of by - laws that may easily take down this company, and I wish this not to happen. 

I received a text message from Bella on saturday informing me that Niki was working on Saturday. Without thinking, a time was made and I was in front of the massage centre.

Niki is in her 50's and her face shows this, I would say older but she said she had an eleven year old daughter, so I will give her the benefit of the doubt. What Niki's age doesnt show is her body, her body is for a lady of her age quite well kept, and she has fairly nice c cups that aren't overly saggy and her pussy was nice and tight . 

The massage, was a nice relaxation one with all the long strokes you'd expect and Niki let me hands wander everywhere. Unfortunately privacy was not a factor when Bella set this salon up and I mentioned this to Bella after the massage via text however, it is clear that her ambition is to keep to the more professional massage. Which is a good thing she wasn't there to see what me and Niki to got up to 

In terms of pricing I paid $50 on top of the aforementioned prices.

Enjoy lads but tread carefully.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 14th February 2014, 01:13 PM
Poster ID: caybee
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks for your review Wingman. On the strength of said review I paid a visit to Niki a week or so ago. I found Niki to be as described in all areas. I was offered oil or powder for my massage; I opted for powder and I'm glad I did, because coupled with her style of massage (very relaxing softish rubbing/stroking)I found it very erotic. As the massage progressed to my legs and buttocks area it became even more teasing. Her technique was to go between the legs and massage the hip area, in doing this there was ever so subtle brushing of the dangly bits,she kept this up for 5mins or so. Whilst this was going on I was rubbing her in all the places I could reach with no complaint, she apologised for getting me in the state I was in and said she was ....... for doing so and suggested I turn over. The massage progressed for another 10 or so mins, concentrating on the upper leg and abdomen areas (very nice). It was at this time it was suggested I could extend for a further $50:00 (I paid $60 for the hour) I declined as I hadn't bought enough money; I was only there to try the place out on this visit.
I found Niki to be a very pleasant and genuine lady who gives good service and I believe value for money,she is friendly and easy to talk to. For those who like 20 something Year old young things ,she probably wouldn't be for you. But if you like more mature caucasian ladies (she's a Kiwi) she could be for you.
I will definitely be returning, when I do I will have enough money to go the extra distance.   Will post a report after the event.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 21st February 2014, 02:46 PM
Poster ID: caybee
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Niki

Establishment : Paradiso massage & body boutique 

Date of Visit : Aprox 17 Feb 2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 18/12 Bayview st Runaway bay. 0466513808

Hours of Business : 9 Am - 5Pm. (Niki only works till 2Pm

Rates : $60:00 1 Hr $40:00 half Hr. + $50 extra

Age : 50yo+

Size/shape : Slim "B" cup

Nationality or Ethnicity : Kiwi (Cauc)

Services Provided : Massage +

Value for money/recommend? : yes/yes

My experience/comments : 
Re visited Niki about a week ago, this time I took enough money to be able to treat myself to the happy extension, it was well worth it. I really can't elaborate any more on my and Wingmans posts re the massage skills of this lady,I find her massage to be very relaxing. Wingman described the rooms as being small with walls that do not reach the ceiling and only has a curtain across the front,this is spot on, so there's not much room to move around. The massage proceeded as described above for about 15 to 20 mins (I only took a half hour). On the turn over things started to warm up a bit more and we started to get into the pleasurable end of the session :P with her doing her bit on the bits which needed the most attention and me doing my thing on what ever and where ever I could reach. At this stage she had her shorts and top off so access was not denied to any area..Very pleasurable  
Would I return? Yes. As I stated in my last post: for those of you who like older Cauc women Niki is value... 
I might add, at the end,  when the inevitable occurred, I leant back and straightened out my legs(I was sitting on the edge of the table at this stage) and kicked the dividing wall.(it's only ply wood) I'm glad there was no one in there at the time, it would have frightened the bejesus out of them. :O .


