Thread Title: Pink Mermaid.. Mermaid Beach.
Floor: #1
Post Time: 19th October 2015, 02:51 PM
Poster ID: caybee
Post Title: 
 Pink Mermaid.. Mermaid Beach.
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Maree.

Establishment : Pink Mermaid Oriental Relaxation Massage.

Date of Visit : 1.10 2015.

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 2376 Gold Coast Hwy Mermaid Beach.Ph (07)55277818. Mob. 0449565379.   

Hours of Business : Daily..9:30 Am till 7 Pm.

Rates : Oil Massage..Half Hr. $35....1Hr.$60.

Age : Early 30's.

Size/shape : Size 8. 'B'cups.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese.

Services Provided : Massage.

Value for money/recommend? : Ok for Massage.

My experience/comments : Good Massage.
 These are a few punts I had earlier in the month which I had neglected to to post on AXXXR.... Just lazy I guess..Anyway here they are..This being the first of three.(different establishments)

Quite some time ago I had seen some negative reviews on Pink Mermaid, but I decided to give it a go anyway, on the off chance things might have changed: given that they are surrounded by many Asian massage shops who supply the required treatments. So they may have felt the need to compete on the same level..
Anyway was met by Maree, given prices and asked if I would like to stay..Ok, so opted for half an hour..I was ushered to the room by a slightly overweight teen kid (boy) Yikes!!.I had to double check that it was Maree doing the massage: relief!! She was....Was told to undress and lie on the table,which I did. Maree came in after a minute or so,covered me up and started with the massage. She started on my back and worked her way down to my legs, thigh area etc,but, unfortunately nowhere near the areas I was hoping might be worked on..Came the flip and received the same treatment on my front, completely covered and no action at all near the more sensitive areas....At this point I had resigned myself to the fact it was, as posted before, a legit operation: so I just lay back and enjoyed the rest of the massage..
Would I return? Probably not..If I wanted just a massage there are places closer to home I could visit..
I did notice on their brochure they have another shop at: shop3, 3045 Surfers Paradise Bvld / Cnr Trickett St Surfers Paradise..Ph.(07)55315885..Same Mob No as Pink Mermaid.


