Thread Title: Red Lantern Chinese Massage - Maroochydore - 0411 655 612
Floor: #1
Post Time: 9th September 2014, 06:54 PM
Poster ID: Armitage Shanks
Post Title: 
 Red Lantern Chinese Massage - Maroochydore - 0411 655 612
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Kat

Establishment : Massage Parlour

Date of Visit : 8/9/14

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 5 First Ave, Maroochydore - 0411 655 612

Hours of Business : 7 days, till 7pm

Rates : 65/hr

Age : mid 20's

Size/shape : small, average build

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : R&T

Value for money/recommend? : ymmv, but yes/yes

My experience/comments : 

Finished work early on the Sunny Coast. Nothing really took my interest on Locanto, so seached here for "Sunshine Coast". Found this place in the 'Bronze Members' section (Was a strange review where he had turned down a tug, and not recommended it, seemingly just because it was $10 cheaper in Sydney) lol.

It's very well signed, and exposed, on a busy street.

Sliding door into a small waiting room, I took a business card as Kat came to greet me.

She is quite small, kind of pretty. Average build.

Asked for an hour massage.
I thought she said $55, as I handed her $60. 

She looked at the money, and said "No, $55".

What's the problem?!
Lol, she was trying to say $65!
Heavy accent 

It got a touch awkward, but then we had a bit of a laugh about it, and all was good 

She loves a chat, and is quite friendly, and even funny at times.

Got fully nude and on the table.
It's quite narrow (and I'm slim, but tall). I had trouble keeping my arms on. A bigger guy would really struggle!

She never attempted to cover me up, and even started the rub by oiling up and kneading my glutes, and subtly brushing the jatz a few times. This made me comfortable and relaxed from the get go =)

Excellent 'medium' massage, chatting all the while, and occasionally asking if the rub was ok.

On the turn over, more excellent massage, and no shying away from the old fella as she weaved her soft, firm hands around my groin etc.

When the rub was all done, and hot towels had been all over me, she grabbed my semi hard cock and said, "I do this?"

Hell yes.
I actually said, "Yes please."

She held up three fingers.
"Yes, all good", I said.
Just hurry up and pull my cock, you've made me so randy. I'd have paid $50 (even at risk of inflating prices on the r&t scene). Lol

However, after all this build up, the tug wasn't great. She was slow and teasing until I got hard, then she went like a jackhammer!

All good though, I just wanted to bust a nut, and it seemed like I'd been there for more than an hour now.

I lightly groped her arse and a breast (which was surprisingly full and firm, for a small girl) over her clothes, which she didn't seem to mind. 

She's a really nice sort of chick, and didn't seem to want to be dirty at all. 

Her manner through the tug was actually much the same as the rub, smiling, asking if it was ok etc. 
I lied and said it was perfect 

Over the line and a gentle clean up with more hot towels. We chatted as I dressed, and she got me a  glass of cold water.

I was out of there after 1hr 15mins.

Overall:
Excellent Thai style rub, and a great girl.
The ending (whilst enjoyable) lacked attention to detail. May be better with more time at that end and a little coaching =)


Cheers,
AS


