Thread Title: Sabai Thai Massage - Sh36-37, 3131 Surfers Paradise Bvd, Gold Coast - 0431 733 497
Floor: #1
Post Time: 14th December 2011, 09:42 PM
Poster ID: RJones
Post Title: 
 Sabai Thai Massage - Sh36-37, 3131 Surfers Paradise Bvd, Gold Coast - 0431 733 497
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name :  don't know

Establishment :  Sabai Thai Surfers PAradise

Date of Visit :  14/12/11

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :  Asian Arcade Surfers

Hours of Business :   9-9

Rates :  $55 full body oil massage

Age :  20s

Size/shape :  normal petite

Nationality or Ethnicity :  Chinese/ Thai...was too dark to tell!

Services Provided :  Normal massage

Value for money/recommend? :  YES, great massage.... will go back for normal massages.

My experience/comments : UPDATE

Ok, went to Sabai Thai Massage again tonight, 14/12/11.

Different masseuse... Ok... before anyone gets too excited... I still think it is legit...and it is an underwear-on place..... BUT... this girl did so many brushes against Jones Jr and the boys that Iwas was sure it was game on. She touched my nutsack several times when massaging the back of my legs. She also touched the end of my knob when doing the pressure point thing around my hips. And plenty of brushes of my knob through the towel on top. When I turned to the front she did the same thing letting her fingers slip inside my undies to brushe against the landing gear. And then she tucked the towel into the top or my underwear to do my stomoch, and managed to get a touch on the shaft of my already rigid pole. It was quite exciting at the time.... BUT nothing else happened.... so kinda frustrating really. I might have one more go...... maybe thay have secret ways of figuring out who is regular or not. Or maybe they think it's funny to get us excited and then send us away???? who knows???

I hope my detective work is being appreciated by you fellow punters!!!  it's starting to become an addiction!!!


Floor: #2
Post Time: 16th December 2011, 12:04 AM
Poster ID: RJones
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
UPDATE 

Ok, I am on a fools errand..... I went to the Sabai Thai place tonight for the 3rd time in a week... Same result again.... A great massage with heaps of deliberate brushing of balls and cock... both inside undies (it's an undies on place) and outside the towels. All done quite innocently during the course of the Thai-style massage. So 3 different girls.... all have same basic techniques... I find it very exciting, but then damn frustrating!!! Tonight The girl actually ran her hand under my undies and touched my shaft.... it must have been on purpose.... 

Tonight I made in quite clear I was excited by her massage, she would have had to be deaf and blind to miss it.... At the end of the massage I asked her plain and simple if she did "special massage" and pointed at my cock. The answer was a flat "NO" So there you have it punters... It is definitely a legit place..

I think what we have here is a brilliant marketing tool... think about it... every punter that goes there gets the feeling that there might be something more... so they go back again... and again.. each time hoping the different girl might offer more. Even now after 3 visits with only a massage and no extras, I'm thinking of going back for another go... there are the signs there... dimly lit.. a bit out of the way (upstairs) And tonight I turned up just after 9pm... The older lady at the counter suggested that I tip the girl because she would have to work a bit later as they shut at 10pm, and I wanted an hour massage. I thought her suggesting a tip was a hint! haha

Anyway... I have spent 3 x $55 = $165 there this week, with no result... so if you're after extras save your dosh for somewhere else.... Actually I think I might boycott the place... I hate it when a chick gets me excited and doesn't put out... that goes for massage girls aas well!!!!


Floor: #3
Post Time: 22nd December 2011, 07:52 PM
Poster ID: Qwerty
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
No dice for me to tonight man, went there there was a skinny chick 5/10 eating noodles at the front chubby asian girl with short hair and glasses and also saw a white young girl in the back washing her hands, 

proceeded to talk to glasses girl and said my friends told me u do special massage, and she replied "no no not here" (kind of a relief cause i didnt want her touching my penis) n bailed out after pretending to look at menu

THis place seems real commercial man i really dont think they offer anything else n if they tease u maybe its to keep u coming back? lol

Let me know if anyone succeeds here def be interested to know!


