Thread Title: Sapa Massage - Southport - 07 5667 9249
Floor: #1
Post Time: 12th May 2013, 11:00 PM
Poster ID: peter4217
Post Title: 
 Sapa Massage - Southport - 07 5667 9249
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : ana

Establishment : SAPA MASSAGE

Date of Visit : 12-5-13

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 10 railway st ,southport, phone 07-56679249

Hours of Business : 9am to 8pm

Rates : $55 per hour for full body massage

Age : 23

Size/shape : 5f 4'', slender, nice firm C or D cups, real sexy girl!!

Nationality or Ethnicity : south American ,with Italian background

Services Provided : full body massage

Value for money/recommend? : yes 

My experience/comments :I have been going to SAPA for a while now and getting a nice firm massage from megan  the sexy eastern euro chick that works there.(massage only) but last time, there were these 2 hot young south American girls (julieana dark hair and ana  blonde hair) working there, wearing low cut tops showing off sum really nice big tits .anyway i made a appointment to see ana  the next week , Got there and ana was looking so sexy wearing a loose low cut top and skin tight tights showing off her firm ass, but her hair had gone from blonde to light brown, which suited her. anyway got naked ,the massage was ok ,not firm but relaxing ,she was very talkative and spoke good English, there wasn't any accidental touching but when she asked me to turn over, she held the towel up as i  turned over and i notice there was a wall mirror at the end of the table and i could see her having a good look at my hard cock in the  mirror, lol and she looked impressed , anyway back to the massage, it was great, lying on my back staring at her boobs,which were just about falling out of her top. then she asked me if i had been to the shop before and of course i said yes. then i was working up enough courage to ask her if she did extras ,but then it was time up. but i will defiantly be going back there for a 2nd. Has anyone else been to SAPAS and know if they do extras....and it has to be the only massage shop on the gold coast with all euro girls working there.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 11th March 2015, 02:29 PM
Poster ID: caybee
Post Title: 
 Sapa Massage - Southport - 07 5667 9249
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Yuki.

Establishment : Sapa massage.

Date of Visit : 9.Mar.2015.

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Ph. (07)56679249.. 10 Railway St Southport.

Hours of Business : 9Am--9Pm.

Rates : 15min $20...30min $30...45min $45...60min $55...90min$80...120min$110.

Age : Late 30's.

Size/shape : Nice shape/figure. C/D cups.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Viet/ Chinese?

Services Provided : Massage (with offer)

Value for money/recommend? : Massage yes. other; didn't try.

My experience/comments :   Out again on Monday looking to indulge in some extra soothing activities. As it turned out I found myself in Railway St. heading in the direction of 'Sapar'. I had seen them mentioned somewhere(on AXR possibly) and it was reported to be a legit service only. I had poked my head in before quite a long time ago and had spoken to a maybe late 20's or early 30's woman (foreign, possibly South American) I wasn't all that impressed,and it did seem to be a legit operation, so I never ventured in. Anyhow as I was approaching I noticed the sign out the front said 'Vietnamese Massage', it has never been advertised as such before, so, as a result a little bell went off in my head and I started to wonder if things had changed at this establishment. Went in and behind the desk was (to me) a very tidy and attractive asian lady(Yuki). I checked prices etc and indicated I would like to stay for a 1hr massage, Alas , she had a firm booking arriving within 15mins, and as a result her next available time would be at 1pm. I duly booked that time and went off to have a beer and wait.
On arriving at 1pm I was shown into the room(there are only 2) and these are only curtained off areas, however the door to the reception area is solid and can be locked. I was given the usual instructions, get undressed and up on the table, she then left, to return a couple of minutes later. I was naked when she returned, she covered me with a towel and began the massage, starting on my back then progressing downwards to my legs, she uncovered the areas she was working on as she went. She spent about 10-15 mins on my back then started on my legs/buttocks. Her massage was very good and was having the expected effect on me ( although there was no erotic content to speak of,except the massage itself). She had only been working on my leg/thigh area for about 2 or 3 mins when she asked me if I wanted "Happy Ending".I was surprised that the question had come so early in the proceedings (she must have seen the obvious interest shown by Caybee Jr). I then indicated that that would be a welcome outcome; she then asked how much you tip? To which I replied,.... how much do you want?.....The reply...$100.. Of course I said, too much!!.. She then came back with,.... how much you normally give? I then told her the going rate on the coast is $20, outside $30. she carried on massaging of a minute or so, then came back with,......I do for $50...I told her still too much and not to worry. For the next 5 or 6 minutes after, she kept telling me that this was the first time she had done this, and she was only doing it because she had lost $30k. and she had to pay the bank back quickly. ( A possibility as she was extremely fast in putting the question)  After that exchange the massage proceeded as normal till the hour was up and I departed..
 Regardless of the outcome,all in all not a bad massage... I would definitely consider a return visit.......If I was to find she was providing happy endings at a sensible price. Eg:- $20... ($30 Max. and for that it would have to be above average).
I sincerely hope the Goldy does not become like Brisbane, where the  ladies are asking (and getting) $50. and more for these basic(and sometimes rushed) services (by that I mean hand job only and their clothes stay on).....I for one won't be providing any of the over the top tipping that seems to be the norm up in Brisbane......End of rant.
Caybee.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 11th June 2015, 01:56 PM
Poster ID: caybee
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jacky.

Establishment : Sapa Massage.

Date of Visit : 11.06.2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 10 Railway St Southport. (07) 56679249.. Mob.0430 147783.

Hours of Business : 7 Days.9Am- 8Pm. But may vary.

Rates : As per my last post above.

Age : 40-43?

Size/shape : Slim. A/B cups. Not a stunner, but not ugly either. good personality. 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Viet.

Services Provided : Massage. HE offered.

Value for money/recommend? : Massage very good. 

My experience/comments : 

As stated in my review on Alice at erotic massage; on that day I was heading to Sapar as a lead up to seeing Isabel at Tiffany's but got waylaid at Erotic. Same senario today, but made it all the way to Sapar. When I entered I noticed there was a different girl manning the desk, established that I was the person who had called 15 mins earlier, then got the financials sorted ( this time I took the $45/45 min option). I was then taken to the room (no change to the set up or layout), put my clothes in the tub provided and up onto the table. She returned within 2mins. Asked med or firm? I opted for med. I was then covered with a towel and the action began. She started on my neck and shoulders and worked her way down my back. Whilst she was standing at the head of the table doing her thing, on a couple of occasions her upper thigh/pussy area pressed into my knuckles, not hard, possibly deliberate, but not sure. While working on my back and using her forearms she had her free hand resting on my bum(a nice feeling )
At this stage I have to say she does a very good firmish relaxing massage. After finishing on my back the action moved south to my legs..She moved the towel to one side to access my upper thigh and buttock area.. She massaged from my ankle all the way up to my groin area. This included a fair bit of positive touching of the whole tackle area, not a tease as such, but a very pleasant sensation.. Once again, while one handed doing the thigh area, the idle hand was resting on my inner thigh area(opposite leg) and her fingers/knuckles were lightly pressing against my bits. This went on for five minutes or so till time to flip...After the flip the massage continued on my legs. The towel was still in place, but was moved to uncover my entire leg and hip area. Anyway as the massage moved higher there was a lot more not so accidental touching and finger rubbing along the side and under my dick. A few minutes of this and the question was asked...Would I like my friend massaged?..(Funny, when I was being massaged by Alice at Erotic she called it my Brother.lol.). Back to the review..After the question, I asked how much? $50 dollars was the reply..Too much for a HE so I declined..It wasn't an issue as I am seeing Isabel a little later to day and am looking forward to that meeting.
Unlike Yuki who started at$100 and came down to$50, Jacky started at $50. But still I don't feel she would be willing to negotiate down to a more reasonable figure....I didn't try as I am seeing Isabel later..
I would probably return to see Jacky in the future, as her massage is very good, and the erotic component aint half bad either...Probably won't indulge in any HE action until the price drops to a more reasonable figure... I don't know if this will happen, but who knows, it might after a few follow up visits..


Floor: #4
Post Time: 22nd July 2015, 10:58 AM
Poster ID: caybee
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jacky.

Establishment : Sapar Massage.

Date of Visit : 20.07.2015.

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 10 Railway St Southport..Ph..(07)56679249...Mob..0430 147783.

Hours of Business : 7 days..9am till 8pm

Rates : As above.

Age : 40's

Size/shape : As above.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Vietnamese.

Services Provided : Massage HE. 

Value for money/recommend? : Yes/Yes.

My experience/comments :  

...Had an opportunity for another punt on Monday so I headed down to Sapar for another session with Jacky..This was the fourth time I have visited with Jacky; on the first occasion I was offered HE for $50.(declined as too much). On the following two visits nothing was offered, (probably remembered my previous knockback) but still got a beaut massage with some brushes and touches along the way......Anyway,I thought on this visit if nothing happened it would still be a good massage and also serve as a warmup for further punting elsewhere.
Into the cubicle and the the action started..The massage proceeded in her normal (good) fashion, Personally I find it a very good, relaxing massage: I won't go into the details too much as it hasn't changed since my post on the 11.06.2015...However, on this visit a bit more time was spent on my buttocks and upper thigh area, with much more pressing, touching and rubbing against the bits also, for the first time, she suggested removal of the towel; things were looking up...On the flip the work continued on my legs (lower and upper) and stomach area, also with a lot of touching etc.(not a tackle tease as in some shops) It was having the expected effect.. Eventually she grabbed my old fella, made the usual complementary comments and suggested he needed some attention as well; by this time I was rock hard and twitching..I asked, how much? expecting to hear $50 and as a result another walk. I was pleasantly surprised to hear $30. As this is within my price range for a hand job I accepted ($30 being the top end....normally $20.)...
I don't know if she has come down to $30. because of refusals to pay $50. or if it is because I have been a semi regular visitor. (4 times now with Jacky and once with Yuki.)
The ending lived up to my expectations; very nice, soft-ish manipulation with a fair bit of ball play. As a result it wasn't long till the bag emptied itself all over her hand . She kept up the attention till I was completely empty...and then some She cleaned me up then asked if I wanted a head massage or attention elsewhere..I declined the scalp massage and asked her to do some more work on the nether regions this was 5 minutes of bliss, with gentle caressing and soft massaging of my balls.....Heaven!! 
Anyway,there you have it..It appears her rates for HE. might have come down, but as I mentioned above, it could be a result of my frequent visits..It would probably need to be confirmed by someone else..
There is another girl she sometimes gets in to help when she is booked up,(she only has two rooms.) Sorry, I don't have a name and I haven't seen her,so unfortunately no description..I don't think it's Yuki though as she went back to Viet-Nam...But when bookings are normal it is only Jacky working..
All in All a very satisfying visit and would recommend..


Floor: #5
Post Time: 23rd July 2015, 12:09 PM
Poster ID: kapai
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
well done, perseverance  paid off this time..............


Floor: #6
Post Time: 10th August 2015, 01:00 PM
Poster ID: caybee
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jacky

Establishment : Sapar Massage

Date of Visit : 3.08. 2015.

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 10 Railway St Southport. (07)56679249...0430 147783

Hours of Business : 7 Days..9Am till 8Pm.

Rates : As Above.

Age : 40's

Size/shape : As above.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Viet.

Services Provided : Massage HE.

Value for money/recommend? : Yes/Yes.

My experience/comments : 

...I was in two minds about writing this review as I have reviewed this ML. a couple of times previously, but I decided to do another, in the interest of continuity(sort of), mainly to outline how things progressed from my first unsuccessful visit through having a win to the (this) followup visit.(A kind of trilogy).
As I said, I visited Jacky again to see what her approach etc. to the session would be, given I had on my last visit agreed to,and received the ending I was seeking..
Her approach this time was somewhat different; in as much she didn't bother with any form of draping, where as on previous visits I was covered, with only the areas being worked uncovered..
The massage was still the same(very good); although this time there was a lot more touching, brushing and resting of hands and forearms on the more sensitive areas of my anatomy, both on the back and the front.
When time was drawing near she still asked if I would like Jr. seen to?  (Yes of course.)
Her technique is extremely good, she doesn't just get a choke hold and go for it: there is a lot gentle stroking of the shaft and head(with fingertips),caressing and fondling before an erotic tug,which ultimately has the desired effect 
So, to sum up I would say things progressed from what was probably a very,very good massage with little, but some promise, through to the happy end after a couple of visits; ending with this follow up visit ,during which barriers were relaxed a little more. (Having already been down the HE. road.)
BTW...she does remain dressed during proceedings (normally jeans) and is not too keen on touching... Although some is allowed...Also her English is not that good,but can be understood..
For info on my previous visits; see other posts above..


Floor: #7
Post Time: 19th October 2015, 01:02 PM
Poster ID: caybee
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jacky and Yuki.

Establishment : Sapa Massage.

Date of Visit : 13.10.2105.

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : As Above.

Hours of Business : 7 Days..9Am till 8Pm.

Rates : As Per Post Above. 11. Mar. 2015. But x 2 for two girls. (I paid $110. for 1 Hr.)

Age : Both Late 30's Early 40's.

Size/shape : As described in earlier posts.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Both Viet.

Services Provided : Massage only. (on this visit.)

Value for money/recommend? : Yes.

My experience/comments : 
 Whilst I was away I was thinking of getting a massage at Sapa on my return....I also had been wondering about the other girl that Jacky gets in when she is busy: what she looks like, name, age etc.. I came to the conclusion that the way to find out (hopefully without spoiling any further massage sessions with Jacky)was to cook a double and suss her out this way...In hindsight probably a mistake.
Arrived at the appointed time on the appointed day,only to find the number two girl was none other than Yuki (who I reviewed in my first post on Sapa.) I was a little disappointed as I was hoping to experience someone new and to see how the erotic component of the session was handled..I didn't know how this would go with Yuki as she had asked ridiculous amounts on my first visit with her.
Anyway the massage (which was very good) progressed with Yuki doing my upper body and Jacky doing the lower, legs,thighs etc; they both shared the bum cheeks at various times, although not together..
Unfortunately there was no erotic content to the massage at all,other than a couple of accidental touches (very light): this was disappointing, as Jackys touch when she is alone is, to me very erotic..The session continued the same way when doing my front; with all bits covered..So the experience was a let down in regards to tease and happy ending; although the massage was very good..
It seems that Yuki is the owner of this shop (I thought Jacky told me ages ago that she had gone back to Viet Nam for good).This surprised me, but it probably explains why Jacky didn't indulge in any of her usual erotic tease...I must admit, I was also a bit surprised given that Yuki had offered HE on my first session with her..
Anyway in the end I received a good massage, so not all was lost..
I will defiantly go back in the future, but not for a double; just Jacky alone.


