Floor: #1
Post Time: 23rd May 2011, 01:24 PM
Poster ID: Hammered
Post Title: 
 Shanghai Massage - U4/ 860 Old Cleveland Rd, Carina - 07 3398 4916
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Lisa

Establishment : Shanghai Massage 

Date of Visit: 21/5/11

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: 
U4/ 860 Old Cleveland Rd Carina QLD 4152
(07) 3398 4916 

Hours of Business: 10am - 8pm

Rates: $60/hr

Age: 

Size/shape: 10-12

Nationality or Ethnicity: Chinese

Services Provided: RnT, anal stimulation for extra$$

Value for money/recommend?: Would recommend

My experience/comments: She gives an excellent therapeutic massage and then gets into some of the best anal play I've ever had. She's not the best looker, but man, she had me levitating when I shot my load. I'll be back to her for sure.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 2nd November 2011, 06:47 PM
Poster ID: jaxar
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name :Emma 

Establishment : Shangai massage 

Date of Visit : a few weeks ago

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : as above

Hours of Business :  see above 

Rates : 60 ph

Age : 25

Size/shape : average size, slim attractive in modest way, with glasses

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : massage

Value for money/recommend? : Yes but see below

My experience/comments : This young lady had good English and was quite friendly and helpful; a shower is available and rooms fully private although I also saw some rooms not so private.  There was no therapeutic value in the massage which consisted of light touching only.  However, within that framework the lady was very skilled and provided some exciting moments (although not replicating the experiences of Hammered above).  I was visiting Brisbane on business so difficult to return however I'll be looking for reasons to do so.  Emma works Monday Tuesday Thursday at least


Floor: #3
Post Time: 6th April 2012, 11:28 PM
Poster ID: RJones
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name :Anna

Establishment : Shangai massage 

Date of Visit : 6/4/12

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : as above

Hours of Business : see above 

Rates : $40 half hour, $50 one hour

Age : 33

Size/shape : average size,with glasses

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : massage. RnT extra

Value for money/recommend? : Not really, but I'll go back


Well I was in Brisbane, away from my normal haunts on the GC. I remember a place in carina in this forum, so thought I would make a pass down old Cleveland rd. it's a descent little entrance next to ATM machine.. Now that's handy. 
Rand from the street as per my usual standard operating procedure. I was told the price, and not busy now.i couldn't get Internet cover on my iPhone, so I thought what the hell and went in.

It's up some stairs, and have to ring a bell before one of girls answers the door. Dodgy. The girl that answered was kinda hot with reasonable body and glasses, and dressed a little but slutty. She showed me to a room. All the rooms seemed to be closed off with doors, so looked promising. 

I stripped off after paying the $40 for half hour.. I was in a hurry. She told me it was $50 for one hour, so that seemed odd. Anyway, she asked the familiar "have you benn here before" question, for which there is only one answer. Then she asked what pressure... I asked for medium. She did quite a good job on my back and legs. I usually ask for hard and that would have been better , but was good enough. 

She asked me to turn over. No towel offered. She lightly massaged the tops of my legs. It was ok but didn't get me hard like Bee from bamboo does just by touching my legs! Haha then she asked if unwanted "extra" . I said yes, she said $50 extra! Fuck me what a rip-off I thought! That was total of $90 for half hour, which is outrageous compared to chevron etc. I nearly said forget it and walked, but I was feeling like a nice tug. She wanted the money first, which I find annoying having to jump off the table to get. 

Her approach was unusual... Very slow tease of balls and cock... I was thinking that she didn't know how to do a hand job. It was very slow going, and want very exciting. Then she slowly built up until she was doing full strokes on the old fella. 
I wanted to see her tits, but no amount of money would get her clothes off. I even crazily offered her another $100 for nude. She said no. She let me put my hand on her arse while she worked my cock to a frenzy. From a slow beginning she was now right into it. I tell ya this was becoming the best hand job I have ever had. I paused proceedings to ask again about getting her clothes off. No way. I even upped the price another $50! The most I could get her agree to was to touch her through her clothes for $50. I declined as this was already an expensive punt. 

Anyway back to the main event... She had me blowing really hard, and she kept perfect rhythm as I came, and even expertly slowed down as I came and kept playing until I had completely finished, and even looked at me ad if to ask
If it was ok to stop now. Great hand job. Best I had I think. 

The place is very clean and tidy, and she cleaned me up with a hit towel, offered me a shower. So in summary it was very expensive at $90, and she told me none of the girls wil take any clothes off because the boss said so. Was it worth it??? Probably not. I'd she had got her tits out for that price yes, but just for a tug it was way too much. It was just like going to chevron, but classier girl and classier joint, but no option for real extras...


Floor: #4
Post Time: 17th December 2012, 05:47 PM
Poster ID: beast1u
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
$50 is too much for this shop - they're willing to bring the price down if you haggle.

May will do it for $40, and the others girls you should be able to bring down to $30. I forgot the name of my favourite girl there...fuck...but she will add the finish for $30. She also gives the best hj's ever...certainly the best I've ever had, and if there's a better one out there I don't wanna know about it lol! May is also very skilled, but at $40 she's a bit expensive.

When the name comes back to me I'll update this post with details.

EDIT: Helen. Helen is her name.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 29th December 2012, 11:50 PM
Poster ID: rntfanman
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Eve/Eva ??

Establishment : Shanghai Massage

Date of Visit: 28/12/12

Rates: $60/hr

Age: early 20s

Size/shape: 6

Nationality or Ethnicity: PRC

Services Provided: RnT

Value for money/recommend?: Yes

Nice girl, very quiet/shy.

She gave no clues or hints during the massage (which, by the way, was terrible - almost irritating. The massage, that is). 

I came out and asked what was "on the table". She does a rub for +$50 and with her clothes off for another $50. This chick has a great rack, despite being very thin, so getting her naked was worth the outlay.

I left with a spring in my step.


