Floor: #1
Post Time: 29th July 2015, 02:39 PM
Poster ID: Armitage Shanks
Post Title: 
 Silk Touch Chinese Massage - Morayfield/Caboolture - 0431 859 363
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jing

Establishment : Massage Parlour

Date of Visit : 28/7/15

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0431 859 363
85 Morayfield Rd, Caboolture South

Hours of Business : 9am-8pm Mon-Sat
                             9am-6pm Sun

Rates : 65/hr + tip

Age : 30's

Size/shape : Medium build

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Massage + HE

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

Comments :

This place has popped up recently. I noticed the signboard on the footpath a couple of weeks ago and made a booking on my day off.
The shop is on the main road, but set well back and plenty of parking options in the streets and carpark behind.

Jing owns the shop. She was expecting me, and was given a warm greeting. She is a very attractive lady.

The massage was very good and thorough, with some hot stone treatment thrown in, which was a nice experience. 

I expected no sexual stuff, and the massage was legit until she was wiping the back of my legs with a hot towel. She began to reach right in under me cupping and caressing my balls and shaft with the warm towel - what a feeling!

She asked me to turn over after this and draped a towel over me. There was no hiding my massive erection though, and she started to run her fingernails up and down it while rubbing my chest.

She took the cover off and while massaging my balls, directed my hand onto my cock for me to self-serve. 
I asked if she could, and happily said yes, but I'd have to pay a tip. 
Her technique was ok and had me over the line shortly. She was happy with some respectful touching, but I get the feeling it could be better with a couple more visits.
Upon leaving, I paid $65 for the massage and and extra $30 (she never specified an amount for the tug, but seemed happy with my tip).

Overall, great massage with an unexpected and pleasant HE. Very nice lady. Good shop hours.
Recommended if you're in the area.


