Thread Title: Sky Day Spa  - Eight Mile Plains - 0416 896 689
Floor: #1
Post Time: 24th February 2017, 04:23 AM
Poster ID: masterj
Post Title: 
 Sky Day Spa  - Eight Mile Plains - 0416 896 689
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Alice

Establishment : Sky Day Spa

Date of Visit : Feb 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : http://brisbane.locanto.com.au/ID_11...age-60-hr.html
Sky Day Spa, Eight Mile Plains, $60/hr Relaxation Massage | Massages | Austree - Free Classifieds Ads from all around Australia | Eight Mile Plains | Brisbane | Australia
WeChat

Hours of Business : 9am -10pm ?

Rates : $60/hr $40/30min

Age : 30

Size/shape : tall slim B cup long hair very attractive

Nationality or Ethnicity : Korean

Services Provided : massage HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes I'll be going back

My experience/comments : Found this place on WeChat and got the details via that service. On arrival there's a chinese guy eating out the front of the thai place next door and he's looking over then asks if i have a booking, he's quite friendly and texts while i am talking to him. Says to see Alice. Inside is very nice, all new and fresh. A tall shapely Taiwan girl pops her head down the hall (Emily) mid 20? big white smile and says you're the WeChat guy! AlLice is right behind her in a long slinky dress, quite thin and tanned. 

Looks to have 3? rooms, walls to ceiling, locks, aircon, shower off the laundry. I stay for an hour and strip down. Alice returns and gives a very good massage, obviously trained and comfortable. She soon has a bent leg up on the table next to my head as she massages, then she swaps legs and is up on the table reaching down my body, Her long dress has splits up the legs and is flapping over my head as she massages. So i am pretty happy so far! and i haven't even touched her. She jumps down and works my legs and we start chatting. her english is pretty good and we laugh a bit. some obviously gentle tickle before rollingover. 

Proper massage continues on my legs and i am hard so she just starts rubbing a little as part of the massage. And says that if i want to do extras its fine, no pressure. makes the point that she is fine just to massage. $40 HJ $100 naked full body slide touching allowed HJ. I did hesitate which she noticed, as i didnt have another $100 ( bummer!) and i am not abig fan of HJ as i can do that myself.so she backed right off and said its ok no pressure some guys dont like pressure...without asking she says she can't help me with sex as she doesn't do that. We agree on a HJ after saying i would prefer a BJ. Anyways. she jumps on the table between my legs, and leans forward showing me plenty of breast , eye contact, her legs wide and the dress splits allow her legs to rub against mine. This is all working a treat, esp sitting up past my knees and our legs rubbing, so i am really holding back to prolong the moment and she leads forward and spits as she gently strokes  and then spits again and i am there. Pretty keen to try the body slides. masterj


Floor: #2
Post Time: 17th March 2017, 03:11 AM
Poster ID: masterj
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Emily and Aya

Establishment : Sky Day Spa

Date of Visit : march 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : As above

Hours of Business : 9am -9pm

Rates : $60 hr +

Age : mid 20s?

Size/shape : Emily is drop dead gorgeous, beautiful face, curvy, prob C cup
                  Aya is very attractive, long hair, maybe D cup, great strong legs

Nationality or Ethnicity : Emily from Taiwan  Aya is from South Korea

Services Provided : Massage and HE

Value for money/recommend? : YES Absolutely

My experience/comments : Booked via wechat again, in the early afternoon which is my preferred time of day. Seems they get busier in the evening, at least that's theinfo that comes thru wechat. The roster for each day is also on wechat about 9am, sometimes the night before. I chose Emily as i remembered how beautiful she was, and heard her and Alice laughing and chatting together on my last visit.

Gotta say Emily has great hands and gave me a great massage, she is happy to chat at times and remembered seeing me, she seems to be as gorgeous inside as she is on the outside. i asked for a relaxation massage which got firm now and then, clearly she has some skill. Working my back and legs i was drifting into sleep when she asked if i was wanting something more. Said i wasn't sure and what do you do? Turns out she only does massage but she will get another girl if thats ok, assures me she is very pretty and very good. I look around to say thank you and she just glowing and smiling. 

Aya enters the room and asks if i want something and gives me the options then asks me to turn over and she checks me out, well we check each other out. She has a great body, loose top, cut off denim shorts and long dark hair to her more than large breast. i go for the $40 handy ($60 topless $100 nude) as i figured theres not much time left. We say hello and introduce with a laugh. A nice amount of oil, slow, unrushed, plenty of ball play really had me building and she motions that i can touch her butt. Gotta say she has great legs, so soft and strong. Happy to have my hands roam under her shorts and top, i did wish those big puppies were out. Maybe next time. master j


Floor: #3
Post Time: 29th November 2019, 02:59 PM
Poster ID: Jassyhub2013
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hi All,

Any update on this place or others in the area?
I'll be in this location in the next week or so and would be looking for a good massage.
Report would be pending.

Cheers
Jas


