Thread Title: Stafford Asian massage - 0415 968 885
Floor: #1
Post Time: 24th June 2019, 12:07 PM
Poster ID: tuan_87
Post Title: 
 Stafford Asian massage - 0415 968 885
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Aira

Establishment : Stafford Asian masssge 

Date of Visit : june 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :  https://m.locanto.com.au/brisbane/ID...-Stafford.html

Phone : ‬.0415 968 885‬

Hours of Business : 9:30am till 10pm

Rates : $50 1 hour special 

Age : late 20's

Size/shape : Short petite big tits 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Filipino  

Services Provided : Full service with cbj,dfk,

Value for money/recommend? : Unsure

Ok so decided to try this shop
For the first time thanks to a recommendation from another punter. After a couple off text I got a booking and I was off. Was greeted by aira at the door and I gotta say First impression look wise she's young, very short and petite, Tight body and overall sexy looks with braces. Not a stunner however above average for sure. Massage was $50 special atm for an hour so I went with that.   

Massage started and I gotta say it Was boring/repetitive. not enough teasing to get keep interest. It just felt like it dragged on for fages and I'm just lying there hoping that she's up for some fun with me. She wasn't much of a talker either even after I told her that Ive traveled to Philippines. She seems shy however I tried my best with some small talk just to try and make it a lil less awkward. She eventually got to my legs and did some light touching toward my groin while she was stroking behind my leg. Finally she gets me to flip over and Continues the boring massage. I notice throughout the massage strangely whenever i looked over to her she would kinda giggle and smile.  

.Neways I asked her straight up what's on offer And she told me full service for $100 which I agreed. She smiled/giggled and starts to undress. Under her dress She reveals a very sexy curvy lil body on her underneath her black bra and panties. She gets the condom from me and hops up on the table for some dfk while playing with my cock, she then puts a rubber on me for a CBJ while I play with her boobs. Her bj was predy good lots of deep Throat and she Didn't mind. me face fucking her with my hand behind her head. From that we went straight to the sex which We started off with some cowgirl. We struggled a bit to get things moving cause she's soooo fucken tight.... we then went for some doggy style then finished up with some missionary by that time she was very wet and I ended up blowing into the condom.   She was very quiet though out the fucking with no noises it was deff a starfish experience. She predy much just lied there and let me have my way with her.. Lucky she's soo small it's much easier for me to fuck her since I'm a big guy and I take up a lot Of massage table. Afterwards we got talking again lots of smiles giggles etc.. I asked her about her prices and I was rather suprised on how much she charges. She then washed me down with a towel and I was off!.   

Aira's price list

  Hj $30 

Topless finish $50  

Nude finish $70 

Full service $100   

 Overall I think with those prices lots of  Guys would probably want to see her. Would I see her again? To be honest I'm not sure if I'll see her again. she has potential however I don't think we really clicked.. If you wanna fuck a small sexy Filipino girl with nice tits and tight pussy might be worth a try. Who knows Maybe after a few visits she might warm up to me. This was my first ever full service in a shop.   

Looks 7/10  
Massage 4/10 
Attitude 6/10  
Body 8/10  
Ending 7/10 
 Vfm 9/10


