Thread Title: Sunshy Massage Beauty - 658 Kessels Rd, Upper Mount Gravatt - 07 3849 6283
Floor: #1
Post Time: 23rd March 2011, 10:09 PM
Poster ID: BadAussieBoy
Post Title: 
 Sunshy Massage Beauty - 658 Kessels Rd, Upper Mount Gravatt - 07 3849 6283
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Bally / Kina

Establishment : Sunshy Massage Beauty

Date of Visit: March 2011

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: http://www.sunshy-massage.blogspot.com/ 07 3849 6283; 658 Kessels Rd Upper Mount Gravatt

Hours of Business: 10am to 10pm

Rates: $60/hr

Age: Mid 20's to 40+

Size/shape: Various

Nationality or Ethnicity: Chinese / Indian?

Services Provided: Massage, soapy massage

Value for money/recommend?: In one word, no.

My experience/comments: 

Where do I start....

Was in Brisbane and decided to try some of the local offerings. Found an ad in the Courier Mail advertising a Soapy...sounds interesting indeed... Called the number and got their address. Lady sounded pleasant, so I headed over to check it out.

This place is across the road (which is quite busy) from Westfield. Sort of diagonally across from the Shell service station. Found a park in the side street, but they do have parking on site. Not very discreet if this is important to you.

1st imperession was mixed. Looks rather dodgy, but then again, this often means extras!! Thought "What the hell!!", so I headed in.

Greeted by mamasan, Kina. She would be 40+, chinese at a guess, solid build, looks not what I find particularly attractive, wearing a skimpy dress. She lead me to a room, asked how long I would like to stay, took my $60 for an hour, and instructed me to strip down and a ML would be there shortly.

The rooms...there must have been 5 or 6 rooms in this house. Walls all the way to the ceilings, proper doors. The room I was in was plastered with Hello Kitty towels, cushions etc...different. Didn't look particularly clean.

A couple of minutes pass...in enters the ML assigned to me - Bally. To me she looked Indian, but I did not confirm this with her. In fact, didn't really chat with her as I was knackered after an early flight and busy day. She was slim, early 20's at a guess, but once again, not particularly attractive to me. I remained optimistic, as I have never received a massage from an Indian lady.

Well, her massage was lame. If you can imagine someone applying sunscreen on you, but rubbing it in on the same area for about 3-4 mins at a time before moving to the next section of your body...although it was as light as a feather after several minutes in the one area it actually became uncomfortable.

It gets worse...in around 30 mins I counted her phone ringing 6 times (on vibrating which I could hear), and yes, she answered it 6 times. Each time she said a few words in her native tongue, and then returned to the massage.

She sneezed, well not actually sneezed, what do you call it when you need to sneeze and hold it in and till make a 'mini' sneezing noise....anyway...this must have happened 8, maybe 10 times. This girl was sick!!!

There was no tackle tickle (just 1 accidental brush) throughout this time.

I endured this routine for about 30 mins...I have no idea why I didn't just up and leave...I am a sucker for punishment....then Bally asked if I wanted a soapy massage with the mamasan? How much extra? $20 was the response. At this stage I would handed over at least $50 to end my misery, so I accepted. She asked me to wrap the towel around myself and follow her to the 'soapy massage' room.

She took me to a room 2 doors down. Small room, shower in the corner, massage table to one side, and a plastic sheet covering it. Mamasan (Kina) came into the room and asked me to lie face down. She asked if I had had a soapy massage before. I said no, although I have actually experienced the luxury of Oriana, so a small lie. She advised me that it was relaxing and a little but "sensual". Good I thought, maybe I can get my rocks off (the only reason I was there in the 1st place!) and get the hell out of there.

The lights were dimmed and the soapy massage began. The massage was slightly better than Bally's, but nothing particularly great. The soap she used appeared to be your normal household liquid soap. Upon being asked to turn over,the massage started to get sensual, she massaged and teased little BAB, moved her hands away from the jewels, and then would start the massage/tease of little BAB again. This routine continued for probably 20 mins. The whole time there was no eye contact, she basically looked staight ahead as if wishing she was somewhere far away. By the end, if she was going to offer a HJ for extra, I had decided I would decline...cut my losses... After all the teasing alas, there was not HJ offered.

Partly relieved it was almost over, Kina started the showered and instructed me to clean the soap off. So in I hopped...waited for the water to heat up...it never did.... Endured my cold shower, got dressed, and got the f*^k out of there.

Did I mention the dinosaur sized mosquitoes buzzing around the soapy massage room???

Anyway, I won't be back!

Cheers,

BAB


Floor: #2
Post Time: 25th March 2011, 01:19 AM
Poster ID: niteowl
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Phew! Thanks for the heads up. I've been thinking of heading there to try out a "soapy massage", but now I'm glad I never made it there.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 2nd April 2011, 10:28 AM
Poster ID: lightning
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks for this BAB. In QLD it is all hit and miss - at least normally with a punt you hope for good odds, but that ain't necessarily the case up here in QLD.  This was definitely a MISS and I will give it a wide berth.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 5th April 2011, 10:52 AM
Poster ID: Quivver
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks for your review BAB.
I dont have many opportunities to enjoy a massage, so your details are very useful in deciding where to spend my dollars and time.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 11th January 2012, 11:55 PM
Poster ID: wolthelb
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Dropped by the other day to scope the place out and see if it had changed. I can confirm it has NOT.

Parked at the back - there is a laneway between the houses behind you can use to get in and out more discretely but only access through the front of the house so you can be seen from the street when you enter and leave. Once inside I was not impressed, the place still as BAB described in his earlier report. An older asian woman greeted me and I ask about the services and what the rooms were like. Tried to ignore someone's kid sitting on a lounge to the right of the door and eating dinner watching TV. Ugh.

Got given a quick tour and it was pretty much as BAB described. Didn't get to meet any ML so rather than waste anymore time I beat a hasty retreat and left. The whole place had a "wrong" feel to it and I won't be back.

If you want my 2c worth... steer clear people!


Floor: #6
Post Time: 23rd July 2013, 02:51 AM
Poster ID: masterj
Post Title: 
 Kessels Rd Mt Gravatt
				
Post Content: 
Establishment : Signed House- Massage - Kessels Rd Mt Gravatt Brisbane (opp Garden City)

Date of Visit : June 2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Courier Mail classifieds Queensland

Hours of Business : 10am till late

Rates :  Special - $180 for 1.5hrs - Duo massage then Soapie Rub

Age : Duo - looked and acted very young, Soapie - mature madam

Size/shape : errr pass - nothing to look at

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese & Asian

Services Provided : ordinary massage and soap wash down

Value for money/recommend? : in a strange way value for money. Not Recommended

My experience/comments :
The ad in the paper offered a special soapie massage, or duo massage, this week only. So I book in for an 1.5hrs -$180, thinking this is something special. 

From the outside the place just looks so dodgie and I'm thinking what the hell am I getting into to, but I've made the effort and I'm up for an adventure so in I go. The inside pretty much matches the outside , there has been an attempt to make the place nice some time ago, but really it just needs to be bulldozed.

An older chinese madam greets me and directs me to a small room, I strip down, with a towel over the good bits and in walk two girls. They are very quiet, and just start rubbing my legs. The hands feel quite inexperienced and being face down I start to wonder. They do an okay job and swap around and swap sides but its a bit repedative and nothing special. I roll over and see two young girls and think ohh shit, I'm in trouble here, they dont even look 16 and have that embarassed giggle look on their face.

While they massage my legs and chest and arms, the towel slips a little to one side, one girl gets a bit close to my hip and I think she is kind of trying to see if she can get a look or a rise a couple of times, but there's no way I am going there, then its time up and they ask me to wait.

A few minutes later the old girl is back and takes me to another room. Its dark, with a massage table and a shower, one of those self enclosed plastic module type, just sitting there, no real organisation to the room, stuff everywhere. The table has towels on it and she starts on my back. The soapie water is barely warm and the scrubber she uses is more an exfoliater than anything sensual, and I am feeling a bit like a dirty dish that's been cleaned off.

She gets me to turn over and snaps on some latex gloves, soaps me up with long strokes of the whole body then comes back to business. I am not particularly hard, quite cold and wet, but I am going with it. She starts doing these circles of medium pressure on my member, touching but not really pushing it around. This goes on for a while and she seems to be saying something, so I watch. She is doing these circles at a reasonable speed, with her eyes closed, fully clothed, gloves on, mumbling something over my soapie body and the whole situation seems so bizarre it turns me on! 

She isn't really present but the circles get faster and faster and then I shoot off a good squirt of the pre-fluid and she comes back to earth and apologises saying she is so sorry, she didnt mean for me to come, sorry. I smile and tell her I didnt, knowing she wouldn't find anything, she looks confused and rubs her fingers to see if their sticky, which they aren't as I shot off the table. She starts again with the circles fora a little while then suggests I have a shower and leaves the room.

I shower and dress quickly and am on my way out the door when she hears me, there is a look of expecting me to ask for something more on her face, but I just say thank you and keep going. Not what I was looking for or expecting, but in the end I did get a hour massage then a half hour soapie.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 31st August 2013, 07:45 PM
Poster ID: tikogoh
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I had also a bad experience. The masseur is Chinese, probably a uni student at Griffith University or QIBT and the mamasan also did the soapy massage on me. When it came to the part where she's stroking my dick, she didn't finish the hand relief and no eye contact. She was looking up at the ceiling. I'm not going back there. That's for sure


Floor: #8
Post Time: 29th December 2013, 12:43 PM
Poster ID: caybee
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Drove past this place a couple of weeks ago. 16th dec '13. All signage gone and I think a for lease sign  on front yard.. So looks like they have closed up shop.(Probably not before time, I've had a couple of bad experiences there ). Couldn't say if they have reopened elsewhere.


