Thread Title: Take 5 massage Woolloongabba 0403207768
Floor: #1
Post Time: 19th January 2020, 12:45 PM
Poster ID: tuan_87
Post Title: 
 Take 5 massage Woolloongabba 0403207768
				
Post Content: 
Take 5 massage Woolloongabba 0403207768


Person's Name : Vivi

Establishment : Take5

Date of Visit : Feb 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :

https://m.locanto.com.au/brisbane/ID...and-Relax.html

Hours of Business : 9am -9pm

Rates : $70/hr $50/30min

Age : late 30's

Size/shape : short,slim, b cup fake boobs.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Korean

Services Provided : massage,bbbj,cim,full service,body slides, pussy licking, ball sucking. 

Value for money/recommend? : Yes 

Was recommended by this ml by another punter and after a quick text Found out she was on and I made a booking with her. She greeted me at the door with a big smile and was happy to see me. Paid for the massage fee and we were off!! Massage started and was enjoyable with some decent pressure. I noticed before we even started she took her skirt off and revealed a lil g-string showing off her lil ass and nice legs. A few times she got close to me I played with her ass and legs. While she massages my legs she did some light teasing on my nuts. to keep me interested.  .

On the flip she got on the bed and leaned over to me and asked what I'd like to do today?. I asked her what was on offer? And she said.... I can do "everything"...... this caught me off Guard I didn't know what to say at that point. I was gonna request a couple of naughty things but she's a lovely lady and I didn't wanna offend. It was my first visit with her so I just told her i wanna bj with a bit of dfk which she happily agreed after a quick negotiation on the price .  She took off her panties and top and we were off. Starts off with some dfk and some cat bath with her sliding her boobs in my face for some licking. She then slowly works her way down to my groin and starts off with some licking of my nuts and some sensual kissing and licking on my shaft. She then proceeds to give me a nice slow blowly then I told her to switch in 69 position for a bit so I can return the favor by licking her pussy.  

Once I felt closer to cumming I got got off the table and she got on her knees and sucked me off while I was standing. I fucked her face a few times she looked up at me which turned me on I love seeing her mouth wrapped around my cock. I then give it my all and blow in her mouth and even then she keeps sucking and spends a bit of extra time to suck out all the cum off my cock. She then cleans me up using a hot towel and after a kiss and a hug and I'm off!!   Overall I enjoyed the service vivi is a sweet.lady and is keen to please. Shes no stunner but something about her kinda turns me on. She's very chatty however her English isn't the best. In my opinion she's older then the other girls my guess is that she's in her late 30's maybe even older. She's in great shape for an older girl and I think lots of older guys who prefer a mature lady would like her. I deff would see her again. Overall the damage was $100 For the extras plus the massage fee which was $50..   

Massage 7/10 
Teasing 7/10 
Looks 6/10 
Body 6/10 
Attitude 9/10 
Ending 9/10


