Thread Title: Tentara Thai Massage - Hastings St Noosa 0488 912 849
Floor: #1
Post Time: 31st August 2018, 04:55 PM
Poster ID: Goldfinger38
Post Title: 
 Tentara Thai Massage - Hastings St Noosa 0488 912 849
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Pai ( u think - sometimes hard to understand)

Establishment : Tentara Thai Massage

Date of Visit : 22nd August 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 10 Hasting Street Noosa (down the driveway follow the signs  up the stairs to a room set up in the hotel.

Phone :0488 912 849

Hours of Business : 9am - 5pm

Rates : $90 for hr

Age : 45

Size/shape : size 6  

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Massage only

Value for money/recommend? : OK

My experience/comments : Desperate for a RNT up here in NOOSA and sheez there is not much available up here.
I am walking down Hastings Street and there is one Royal Thai massage in the mall just after the coffee shop and then there is this one near the Sebel. So I ring and make a booking, hoping that something might come of this as it was situated in the hotel in one of their rooms.
Anyway rock up to the room at the top of the stairs on the first floor and know on the door. Door opens and a nice elderly mid 40s Thai woman greets me. her English is good.  takes me into this small room which has 2 curtained off massage tables as soon as you walk in, she takes me to one of these and asks me to undress but leave underwear on . Anyway I do as she says, lie down and wait for her to come back in, she lays a towell over me and proceeds to give me a very good massage, nice use of oil and her fingers are great, we strike up a bit of a conversation and she says she is from Thailand etc etc.
Well she get up to the top of the legs and it feels great but nothing more, on the flip she places the towell back over me and pull it down from the areas of my body she wants to massage, still really good but no hint of a special here   Oh well took one for the team to see if it was a chance.  She leaves at the end of time and waits for me to get dressed and had over the neddies.
Overall a good massage but was really hoping for something more.

I noticed a massage shop in Tewantin Shops as well so might go there and try that one next time.  But these are hard to find.

cheers


