Thread Title: Thai Orchid - Mermaid Beach QLD - 07 5518 3033 or 0404 335 024
Floor: #1
Post Time: 13th July 2015, 01:14 PM
Poster ID: caybee
Post Title: 
 Thai Orchid - Mermaid Beach QLD - 07 5518 3033 or 0404 335 024
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Nikky.

Establishment : Thai Orchid.

Date of Visit : 11/7/2015.

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Shop 2/2440 Gold Coast Hwy. Mermaid Beach..Tel07)55 183033..Mob..0403 239112.....Thai Orchid Massage and Spa Gold Coast, Thai Massage in Gold Coast, Massage at Gold Coast.

Hours of Business : 7 Days..10Am till late.

Rates : $35..Half Hr. $55..1 Hr...$90..90mins..$120..120mins.

Age : Early to mid 20's.

Size/shape : Tallish, size 8. "c" cups. Not the prettiest, but a nice girl.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Taiwanese.

Services Provided : Massage+

Value for money/recommend? : Yes/Yes.

My experience/comments : 

I managed to slip the leash again on Saturday so I headed down to Mermaid Beach to satisfy my curiosity re. Thai Orchid; to find out one way or another if they are strictly legit or not.(The sign on the counter states this,also stated on their brochure)..
Anyway rocked up and was greeted by Nikky(same girl who I spoke to only first [aborted] visit on the3/7/15.) As this visit was to be a trial run I only took the half hour option ($35.)...As it turned out she remembered me from last week, so once again I offered an apology; no worries; I was then ushered into the room.(there appears to be about 4 or 5)..
The room I was in was quite large(double) probably 5mtrs x 5mtrs, with walls all the way to the ceiling: also it had two tables which were separated by a curtain, which was kept open during my massage. Also there was a curtain at the foot of the table, half way between the table and door (lockable) Which I guess would be for privacy from people entering when both rooms are in use...
I was left to undress and lie down on the table..The tables are quite wide, probably 900mm -- 1 mtr in width; so, plenty of room for the girl to mount/sit if necessary..
Nikky re-entered after a minute or so and the massage began.....She proceeded to give a very good, relaxing massage, firmish but not overly so..There wasn't much in the way of tease happening during the proceedings, but at the same time it was somewhat erotic.
All to soon I was asked to turn over, she then started on my front: a few minutes of the same spent on my legs, thighs and stomach (a little more daring) I was then asked if I would like Caybee Jr. seen to...Yes!..Yes!!Mission accomplished; not strictly therapeutic after all..I asked how much? "How much you give?" She asked; to which I replied$20...Ok she said..The action then got underway. She did a very good job; nothing outstanding, but not mechanical either..This got me over the line in good time...After a good clean up the session came to an end..
On leaving I was given a Chinese tea. (actually it was given to me when I entered, but the room came available too soon for me to drink it [it was too hot]..
Anyway, in conclusion;.. I will definitely return,and next time I will take an hour massage; maybe with another girl..Not that there's anything wrong with Nikky, but she did say there is sometimes three or four girls working...I don't know if they all go the extra yard, but I may make it my mission to find out..
In the end I was very happy I returned..
In addition. The reception area is very clean, with lounge chairs, coffee table and magazines (not those sort) to browse through while waiting..Looks kinda professional..


Floor: #2
Post Time: 24th August 2015, 10:43 AM
Poster ID: caybee
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Queenie.

Establishment : Thai Orchid.

Date of Visit : 19 Aug 2015.

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : As Above....Ph (07)55183033..0404 355024.

Hours of Business : 7 Days 10AM till late.

Rates : As Above.

Age : Early to mid 20's.

Size/shape : Slim. 'A/B' Cups

Nationality or Ethnicity : Malaysian.

Services Provided : Massage.

Value for money/recommend? : Massage, Yes. 

My experience/comments : 
As indicated in my previous post on this place, I returned last Wednesday to once again sample their product, but with a different masseuse to find out if extras were on offer from any of the other girls.
I ended up with Queenie who ushered me to the room.Once again,similar setup: large room with two tables, although this room had one table and one massage mattress on the floor.
Queenie gives a very good massage; I asked for medium and thats what I got..Sadly there wasn't any tackle tickle or accidental touches during the proceedings
On the turnover the massage continued the same; good massage but no tickle etc, with the areas not being worked on kept covered.. What was noteworthy though, was she spent the last 15 or 20 minutes (a guess, but it seemed that long) working on my upper leg/thigh and hip areas with a lighter, more teasing touch.(but not touching the equipment) At this time I should have put the question to her, but I didn't, I don't know why, I guessI didn't want to possibly spoil what was an enjoyable massage session..
All too soon it was over and she left..
Due to the amount of time spent massaging and teasing around my bits, I feel HE would probably be available if requested..I have the feeling she continued working this area waiting for me to ask: likewise, I was waiting for her to start touching etc or to put the question to me....Next time, if the signs are there I'll be a bit more proactive.
Once again: I will return to this shop and will try someone new to see what happens...If nothing, it won't matter too much as I know I will get a very good massage.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 19th October 2015, 03:35 PM
Poster ID: caybee
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Saya.

Establishment : Thai Orchid.

Date of Visit : 1.10 2015.

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : As Above.

Hours of Business : 7 Days.7Am till Late.

Rates : As Above.

Age : Early to mid 20's

Size/shape : Tall, Attractive, size 7-8 'B' cups.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Japanese.

Services Provided : Massage only.

Value for money/recommend? : Yes for massage.

My experience/comments : Nice massage.

 I 'm afraid this wont be a very long review as nothing much happened, but, in the interest of continuity of reports on this establishment I will report on all visits I make, both good and bad.(although I haven't had any bad experiences here, just some more satisfying than others)
After my visit to Pink Mermaid I decided to head the half K or so North to Thai Orchid to continue my quest  to find out how many of the girls there will give HE's and who they are..
Rocked in and was met by Saya; my first thoughts were: she's very tall (for an Asian)prob 1600 mm. and very attractive, so I was happy she was to be my masseuse.. I was taken to the room ( they all seem to be the same layout as previously described). Got the usual instructions: disrobe,mount,wait...On her return the action started; this is where I will keep it brief...So in short, a very good massage with absolutely no erotic content whatsoever, never went anywhere near any sensitive areas..(It seemed very sterile) As a result I never even considered broaching the subject of any extra activity..
I will keep returning when and if the opportunity arises,as I'm sure there are others there who will supply the necessary..
On leaving I was talking with the Mamasan,(Coco) a very tidy, attractive MILF. Found out she does massage, so I said I would book her for my next visit; she seemed keen and gave me a suggestive cuddle on leaving..So, maybe a bit more luck there,who knows?? But, worth a try.
As I was staying down that end overnight, I gave up for the day with the intention of trying again the next day. Further South toward Palm Beach.(somewhere I know I'll leave happy.)


Floor: #4
Post Time: 20th October 2015, 03:31 PM
Poster ID: WOTAN01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Caybee I would hardly term 160cm as tall, even for an Asian girl. re "she's very tall (for an Asian)prob 1600 mm" Maybe she had high heels on that made you think this?


Floor: #5
Post Time: 21st October 2015, 01:55 PM
Poster ID: caybee
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
HI WOTAN010.... You're right, I probably should have used the words, "quite tall" instead of "very tall". But then again it is probably relative as I am only short at 170cm. Add to that the fact that the vast majority of Asian ML's I see come only to my shoulder or not too far above. So whenever I see one that is my height,or close to, I tend to think they are, should I say, taller than the average. (Asian ML.)
By the by, she was wearing flat shoes..


Floor: #6
Post Time: 2nd November 2015, 12:49 PM
Poster ID: caybee
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Coco.

Establishment : Thai Orchid.

Date of Visit : 29 Oct. 2015.

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Address. Web link. As above... Ph.(07)55183033. Mob.0404 335024.

Hours of Business : 9Am till 9Pm.

Rates : As in first post. I paid $55. 1Hr.

Age : Mid 30's. MILF.

Size/shape : Size 7. 'B' cups.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Malaysian. (Chinese)

Services Provided : Massage. +.

Value for money/recommend? : Yes/Yes.

My experience/comments : 

As I mentioned in my previous review (Saya) that after talking with Coco I was more than keen to have a 1hr session with her to see where it might lead. Something in her interaction with me promised of good times to be had.
I managed to secure a booking with her on the above date (first booking,9am). Was warmly greeted, established that I wanted 1hr relax($55.) and was escorted to the room. (large as described in previous posts) I was left to undress and 'adopt the position' on the table. A couple of minutes passed, she returned, then the massage began. Her massage technique, to me, was very good, although at times a little firm, but, having said that she did get some knots out of my neck/shoulder area.
It (the massage) progressed in the usual way; first the back, then down to the lower areas, bum,legs,thighs etc. Whilst working these areas the massage became a little more suggestive and erotic; although, without any positive or direct tickle or tease of the tackle, just a lot of near misses, with a few which had me thinking; was that a touch/brush or not?. However, she did get up into the groin area on more than one occasion..So after this attention around the jewels I was fairly chubbed up on the roll over.
Progression was the same on the front; chest, legs etc, with a lot more work around the upper thigh area. At about the 40 to 45 minute mark her attention was focused mainly around the crotch/tackle area with a couple of light touches and scrapes on more than one occasion. At one point she actually made positive contact along and under the old fella, for which she apologised and said it was an accident..As if!!..She was obviously testing my reaction. Obviously I said no worries with a grin. She continued for a short while being daring in and around my hip,tackle and crotch area. It wasn't long before I was directing her hands onto my now rigid shaft, she obliged with a little fingernail attention....she then moved to the side of the table and informed me it would be an extra $20. to have the massage finish on a happy note...Of course I accepted...Let the games begin!! ..Coco has a nice technique(a lot like Ely from Nerang) in which her hand is used with the thumb facing down the shaft using a twisting motion; she also does a lot of ball work with her other hand at the same time....Well what with the lead up and her particular action I was soon over the line and gushing everywhere..Also, to my great delight,she didn't stop the action at the time of release, but kept going till I was empty..
So, as it stands, my strike rate here is 2 out of 4; so I'm batting at 50% with one possible/probable (my fault for not asking the question)..
Speaking with Coco in the room after the cleanup, she told me that not all the girls will oblige with HE, but some do (she didn't say just who these were)...I now know that two are definite; Nikky and Coco, with Queenie a definite possibility...IMHO, Coco is by far the better of the two definites, Although she did say that all the girls give a very good massage..I would have to agree, as, in all my visits there,regardless of the outcome, the massages have all been top notch...
Would/Will I return?........Of course!....But it will be a toss up if I see Coco again or one of the (untried) other girls..
By the way..They have a loyalty card..After 10 massages you get a half hr free..


Floor: #7
Post Time: 10th July 2016, 12:04 PM
Poster ID: kapai
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I notice this place closed in the last week or so. Shop is completely cleaned out and up for lease.


