Thread Title: Thai Massage & Beauty - Surfers Paradise Bvd, Surfers Paradise - Phone???
Floor: #1
Post Time: 15th December 2011, 09:42 PM
Poster ID: RJones
Post Title: 
 Thai Massage & Beauty - Surfers Paradise Bvd, Surfers Paradise - Phone???
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name :  ???

Establishment :  Thai MAssage CNR Surfers Paradise Boulevard and Trccet ST

Date of Visit :  15/12/11

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :  forgot to write down number


Hours of Business :   not sure

Rates :  $65 one hour oil full body

Age :  20s

Size/shape :  normal asian

Nationality or Ethnicity :  Chinese

Services Provided :  boring massage

Value for money/recommend? :  No, AVOID THIS PLACE

My experience/comments : 

Give this place a miss.... I knew it was a bad punbt the moment I went inside after a foot wash. There is no privacy between the massage mats, except for a screen about waist high. I was feeling ripped off already, so wasn't concentrating. The massage girl asked me to put on the baggy Thai pants. From where Iwas standing I could see out to the street, so although I'm not shy by any means, I just didn't feel ok to strip off in view of the passersby. So I motioned the girl to close a curtain.

Then I stripped off and went to put my baggy Thai pants, and shock horror, in the next cubicle I hadn't noticed there was already a masseuse massaging a chick in there. I didn't see anthing ... but they copped a big eyful of my cock and balls as I was stripping. For fucks sake. 

Anyway, I didn't really care... but the massage that followed was very ordinary... boring in fact.... and she didn't even do my whole body.... actually felt ripped off.

AVOID THIS PLACE


Floor: #2
Post Time: 15th December 2011, 09:48 PM
Poster ID: BadAussieBoy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by RJones


Contact Details/Address/Weblink :  forgot to write down numbe
"""



I always grab a business card if I go to a new place so I have all of the useful info for when I write a review.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 16th December 2011, 12:03 AM
Poster ID: RJones
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Yeah... Sorry about my lack of attention to detail.... I am relatively new to this review thing... but doing my best to cover all the places I find in Surfers... The address is accurate...I just looked on Google... it's called "Thai massage and beauty".... right where Tricket St meets Surfers Paradise Boulevard.


