Thread Title: Tian Xin Massage  -  Runcorn - 0401 554 523
Floor: #1
Post Time: 8th May 2017, 08:57 PM
Poster ID: slarty
Post Title: 
 Tian Xin Massage  -  Runcorn - 0401 554 523
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name :  Joy

Establishment :  Tian Xin Massage

Date of Visit :   A Friday in April 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Shop 9, 957 Beenleigh Road, Runcorn http://brisbane.locanto.com.au/ID_10...n-Runcorn.html

Hours of Business : 10am - ?, I think it was 7pm

Rates :  $40 half hour, $60 hour + tips

Age : 30s

Size/shape : Average height size 8

Nationality or Ethnicity : Taiwanese

Services Provided :  Massage + HE

Value for money/recommend? : Ok, acceptable

My experience/comments : 

I saw this place driving past down Beenleigh Road and doubled back to check it out and TOFTT. From the outside looks new and a check online shows it probably hasn't been there too long, no more than a few months. It is in one of those older style mini shopping centres where the car park is surrounded by a line of ground level shops. The entrance to the shop is the rear of one of the shops so is fairly discreet.

Nice fit out inside, looks clean but the walls do not go up to the ceiling and sound does carry. Joy greets me at the door, kind of plain looking but slim. The boss lady comes out and explains the prices, is this girl ok? she says. I agree to see Joy for a half hour because her vibe was ok, just a bit shy.

Into the room and the massage starts, kind of average and lacking a bit in strength. This is usually a sign that more might be on offer. Sure enough I get asked to turn over a bit early then get asked if I want anything else. At this point an initial price is asked for HJ (clothes on) which was a bit high, something for which in Sydney I could get nude HJ from a hot young chick. I haggle her down to $30 and Joy does a decent job (no sign of an attitude issue).

So would I return? Probably not because I can get better value elsewhere, however this may be an option if you are prepared to pay for the extras. This may be the last review I do of a QLD shop, the asking prices for extras are just too high. I have noticed the same trend appearing on the Gold Coast as well. 

Cheers


