Thread Title: Tiffany's - 57 Thomas Drv, Chevron Island - 0459 389 839
Floor: #1
Post Time: 20th May 2015, 01:24 PM
Poster ID: caybee
Post Title: 
 Tiffany's - 57 Thomas Drv, Chevron Island - 0459 389 839
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jamie.

Establishment : Tiffany's on Chevron.

Date of Visit : 17.May.2015.

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 57 Thomas Dve. Chevron Island. 0459 389839.

Hours of Business : 7 Days. 9am--9pm.( May close earlier if not busy.)

Rates : 60mins.$50....45mins.$40....30mins.$30.(plus tip.)

Age : Early 20's

Size/shape : Slim (not skinny) size 6 or 7. 'B' cups.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese.

Services Provided : Massage HJ.

Value for money/recommend? : Yes/Yes.

My experience/comments :  

After a 3 week holiday (without punting) I returned home sorely in need of some tactile pampering, so I headed off to Tiffany's. As I have mentioned in an earlier post it is a reasonably new shop and I was keen to give it a try. Before I went away I had some business on Chevron so I called in just to have a look and sus the place out. On this occasion I was greeted by a very tidy MILF (Asian) named Isabel. She gave me a card with all the info on it, then asked if I wanted to stay for a massage, unfortunately as I had a myriad of things to do I couldn't.  As I said I found her attractive and  by this time the blood was beginning to head south toward the head which acts without rational thought. So I made a hasty exit with a promise to myself to return and sample the perceived delights this lady might have on offer.
On my return, when time permitted I rang to see if Isabel was working on the following Sunday and to make a booking,sadly she wasn't. During this call I was speaking to a girl named Joey. As the conversation progressed I was told that this was a sister shop to Ellys at Nerang and Susie Wongs at Ashmore; useful information indeed. I don't believe I've ever seen Joey, but she does sound very enticing on the phone, so maybe one to put on the to do list.(Bugger it, she wasn't working Sunday either,at any of the shops.)
Anyway Sunday rolled around and about midday I found myself standing at the reception at Tiffany's.I was met there by none other than Elly who showed me into the room and told me to undress and get comfortable on the table, which I did. I was beginning to think that maybe Elly was going to do the deed, not that that would have been a bad thing, but I was hoping to experience a girl I haven't seen before. But that wasn't to be the case, because after a couple of minutes Jamie enters and puts the question, soft, medium or hard? Opted for med/soft and things got underway. Not only is Jamie an attractive girl, she also gives a very good massage. During said massage she was letting her long hair gently brush my back,buttocks and in-between. At times she also had one hand leaning on the table between my legs next to the family jewels;this felt very erotic. The massage progressed in this way till she moved to my legs where I was treated to a fair bit of accidental touching. About five minutes of this then she produced a towel to wipe any oil off (thankfully she does not use a lot). She then started on a more teasing light massage with a lot of work around the sensitive areas. However there was no positive rubbing or grabbing/holding of the equipment. This went on for about another five minutes, I was then asked to turn over, which I did....Gladly. The light tickle and tease continued for a few minutes more,then the question was put. Accepted gleefully...Her technique wasn't too bad and I quite enjoyed her ministrations. The only down side was she wouldn't allow any touching under her clothes at all but outside was ok...I don't know why, but at the end I got the feeling she hasn't been doing this for very long. Probably because her tug, though certainly satisfactory was not as erotic as expected, given the excellent  tease preceding and also the haste at which she stopped hands roaming under her dress, also the fact she at no time asked for a tip for the HJ, and also left me to get dressed without asking, I did give her $20 tip as I was leaving. (standard at Ellys and Suzie Wongs)......But all in all a very pleasant experience. The establishment is clean,with fair sized rooms (I'm not sure how many. There was one next to the one I was in,so at least two maybe three) the walls don't quite reach the ceiling, miss by only about 250mm. I could hear the negotiation that was happening in the next room, so I guess voices should be kept as low as possible.
At the end of the day I left happy on all counts. The service and establishment are to the standard of all Elly's shops.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 20th May 2015, 10:02 PM
Poster ID: foolishmortal
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Is this place related to Suzie Wong? Price points seem similar I was told in my last visit to SW that they had other premises in the coast.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 21st May 2015, 04:40 PM
Poster ID: caybee
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Yes FM it is. Sister shop to both Suzie Wongs at Ashmore and Ellys at Nerang..


Floor: #4
Post Time: 21st May 2015, 06:02 PM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
A Locanto ad for this business, http://goldcoast.locanto.com.au/ID_4...full-body.html





			
				NEW ! Tiffany's on chevron. 50 one hour full body - 21

Tiffany's on chevron. $50/hr
Friendly Service with a smile

Deep tissue/remedial/relaxation/sensual FULL BODY massage
Private air conditioned rooms

$50 for 1hr
$40 for 45minutes
$30 for 1/2 hr

Dual massage (two girls)
$100 for 1 hr
$50 for 1/2 hr

Open 7 days 9am to 7pm (at the moment)
Please give us a call 0459 389 839

cash only


Address: Sumerset house (upstairs) 57 Thomas drive, chevron island. Discreet rear entrance.
(Above Amecal chemist at rear of building), NCS Mawarra st.
Leisurely stroll from surfers paradise


Floor: #5
Post Time: 25th May 2015, 01:50 PM
Poster ID: kapai
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
also same owner as 52 Thomas Drive...........girls a little shy here on my 2 previous visits.....left the open during massage so could hear new customers arrive.....then changed for the tug. No chance for nude at this point in time.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 11th June 2015, 06:23 PM
Poster ID: caybee
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Isabel.

Establishment : Tiffany's Massage.

Date of Visit : 11.06.2015.

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 57 Thomas Dve Chevron Isl. 0459 389839

Hours of Business : 9 till 9. Varies.

Rates : $50. 1 Hr...$40. 45 mins...$30. half Hr. 

Age : Early 30's MILF.

Size/shape : Size 7 or 8. 'B' cups.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese.

Services Provided : Massage HE.

Value for money/recommend? : Yes.Not bad at all.

My experience/comments : 
Well, at long last I got to see Isabel this afternoon. It's been about a month and a half since I first spoke to her a Tiffany's... Last time I went it was her day off so missed out then.
As I have mentioned she is a quite attractive ( to me ) MILF, with a somewhat cheeky way about her, I seemed to hit it off with her at our previous meeting so was looking forward to this session.
The rooms are as described in my last review.(there are 4 but only 3 in use) The one we used was a stand alone, it didn't adjoin any others, so, a bit more privacy. But still the gap at the top of one wall; so silence is still golden.
Went through the usual preliminaries and got under way... She has reasonable massage skills, I've had better, and I've certainly had worse massages. One aspect of her ministrations I enjoyed was, when she was at the top (head) of the table she was grinding her pussy up and down and side to side against my hands; this got junior interested, and for a while there it became a little uncomfortable. This went on for a reasonable period of time till she moved down to my back, this gave Caybee Jr time to deflate a little and I was a bit more comfortable for a while. Then it happened....She progressed to my legs, this got things stiring again; as her action went all the way up to my crotch, where she massaged my groin between my tackle and upper thigh,at times reaching through to rub the front of my hip, of course with the equipment receiving the necessary attention along the way.This went on for quite some time: first one leg then the other. Eventually this turned into an extremely light, feathery massage from my shoulders to my ankles..Missing nothing in between. By this time I was positively squirming, so it was decided I should turn over... The question didn't need to be put to me,so negotiated nude for a further pineapple..The deed was commenced and I had access to all her parts (no insertions),so I indulged in some light kissing. Also dined lavishly on her nice 'B's... She has those lovely Asian nipples, like the end of my thumb, they really get my blood pumping...
Well needless to say, it didn't take too long to get me over the line.....Blessed relief..
At the end of the session she finished off with a nice head/scalp massage.
Whilst the ending and lead up were great, the massage was not what I expected, but that probably comes from building up my expectations to the point I was thinking this would be 100% perfect bliss from start to finish. 
Would I return??... Yes, I would, beside what I have just said, it was a very enjoyable experience, and I'm glad I had it..
I must add:- In Kapai's post above he mentions Tiffany's has the same owner as 52 Thomas. I enquired at both shops, and both say this not the case. I don't know if 52 is affiliated with any other shop. but I do know Tiffany's, Suzie Wongs and Ellys are all managed/owned?? by Elly. and the girls get rostered on at all the shops..


Floor: #7
Post Time: 10th February 2016, 10:39 PM
Poster ID: Cubanrockclimber
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Joanna

Establishment : Tiffany's

Date of Visit : 6/2/16

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 57 Thomas Dr Chevron Island

Hours of Business : 9-9

Rates : $50/30mins

Age : 30

Size/shape : 14, D

Nationality or Ethnicity : Korean

Services Provided : RnT

Value for money/recommend? : Not really

My experience/comments :Read the reviews so headed over here on a recent Gold Coast work trip.

Joanna was at the counter and I asked for Isabel or Jamie.  She's never heard of them.   Also takes a full $50 off me for 30mins so I figure must be new ownership and staff with new prices.   One other girl available but she's busy.

Premises are nice and clean and towels look fresh.   Massage was actually quite good on the back and legs.   Got asked to flip and then offers HJ for $20 or topless for $50.   She's not my type so just go with the HJ.

Technique was adequate without been remarkable.  I asked her to use her spare hand to keep massaging my balls whilst tugging away.   She invited me to rub her tits thru her t-shirt which I was happy to do but definitely not under her shirt.   After a while I cum and she does a nice clean up with a towel.

All up, a bit disappointing and expensive after the earlier reviews.   Will try elsewhere on the GC next time.


Floor: #8
Post Time: 28th February 2016, 09:59 PM
Poster ID: wingmanstinson
Post Title: 
 Sharon <3
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Sharon

Establishment : Tiff's

Date of Visit : 28/02/16

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : As Above

Hours of Business : As Above

Rates : 80 / hr + 50 for nude

Age : 40's

Size/shape : Tall and curvy, but not fat, maybe a size 12, beautifully done DD's

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : Nude massage and Relief

Value for money/recommend? : Yes / Shit yeah

My experience/comments : 

Having just had a nice little catch up with a few friends I just needed a special something to end what has been a pretty good weekend. 

Having viewed an add for an English girl I gave Tiffany's a call only to be told the Brit was not working today but they had an Aussie instead. Eureka!

Sharon is not the typical Aussie girl, she is rather tall and almost rubanesque with a nice ass and an ever better set of bolt on bewbies (HER BOOBS ARE PROBABLY THE BEST FAKE TITS I HAVE EVER FELT). She has a rather strange tattoo on her left arm with some massive thick dread-lock style hair.

Fast forward - Sharon gave a nice soft massage which had me relaxed. The only thing I must say I didn't like was the almost complete lack of tickle of the tackle. 

FF again - and I'm on her back and we're finally getting her out of her G-string, pants and bra. Damn she has a lovely body.

The tug was probably a 7 - 8 /10 so I couldn't complain cause I ended up cumming having a nipple in my mouth, a finger in her fine shaven cunt and her hands simultaneously stroking my cock and tickling my balls. 

It was lovely to talk to a non-asian, who is attractive, honest and definitely a Milf I want to / need to fuck haha. 

As with all caucs, it remains to be seen as to how long it will take her to get out of this industry. On that note if you don't mind not being able to shower, get into TIffany's or one of the many sister shops and pop in to see this stunning milf. 

Now I must apologise for the brevity of this review, but I am tired and I know that I won't get a chance to this in depth until I forget about it.  

Enjoy Brethren.


Floor: #9
Post Time: 15th December 2016, 06:46 PM
Poster ID: Stealth
Post Title: 
 Is this dees now ?
				
Post Content: 
Name:   Dee

Establishment : dees Thai massage at the same address as above review.

Rates: $40 for 30 mins.  And extra $50 for handy and $100 for topless and maximum ripoff for everything else.

Size 8 
Nationality. -   Thai 30yrs old.

Service.    Massage
Value for money .   No No No  never retun

I am in surfers for a holiday and saw this place on Locarno.com.au. 
http://goldcoast.locanto.com.au/ID_1...n-Chevron.html
 Went to Dee's which is advertising at this address...

All girls were busy and Dee herself was on the desk and said she would have to see me... this is usually a good thing for my experience as she wants to get repeat customers and impress people on her business....

Anyway, I asked at reception about extras and she said, shhh in the room darling.... , so she takes $50 from me for a $40 massage and says she will get me change (which I never see) - the then asks me to nudeup and hope on the table....  I ask about extras and she says "sure, later".   I think I am now up for expensive extras as most guys including me, will pay a bit more in the throws of excitement...

The massage is ok, with walking on back and some pressure point stuff.... she asks me to turn over and whispers that extras are...   total of $100 for hand job...   $150 for top off and $200 for naked body slide...    I do protest at the cost and She shrugs...  so,   She already knew I was on holidays, so either, she knew I wouldn't be back or didn't want to do it...
Again 
So I say sure, $50 for handy, and hoping that she had a communication problem and meant a total of $50 (40 massage and 10 for hj)...     so she then jerks me, nothing special and I manage to get a few fingers down her top (which I explain is not taking her top off) and play with her nipple...

Overwll a below average massage, from an older tai woman, over charging and treating a customer like he's here to be ripped off..  

I won't be returning.


Floor: #10
Post Time: 26th August 2018, 02:58 PM
Poster ID: wingmanstinson
Post Title: 
 RANT OVER - Tiffany's
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Didn't think to ask

Establishment : S&K Massage Formerly known as Tiffany's

Date of Visit : Yesterday

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : As above

Phone :As above

Hours of Business : As above

Rates : 50 for half hour

Age : In her late 30's

Size/shape : Small

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : RNT

Value for money/recommend? : No

My experience/comments : 

After visiting my Podiatrist I was feeling rather Toey! 

I was going to head to Lily 38 on Crombie but not wanting to be let down I thought I would try Chevron Island as it has the infamous 4 shops in the same strip. I called all 4 and it looks like it was the standard Asian Fare but I needed to get a load off stat!

So i went up the stairs and was told by the ML that she needed 10 mins so I waited and then came back and gave her the dosh.

I was after a soft massage and what followed was just her prodding at my legs and back (to my discomfort) for 15 or so minutes before the turn. Here it should be noted that I tried to communicate with her to get it softer and to communicate that I wanted to be massaged and not visiting a chiropractor but clearly 10 apparent years of living in Australia hasn't helped her. 

On the flip and she at least knew how to work my dick and balls but it was clear there was only one thing on her mind and that was time and money. She only had one tugging speed and that was FAST whilst looking at the clock. 

At the end she did wipe my cock but clearly didn't do a good enough as I still had quite a bit of residue on my dick when I got home 

One thing I did want to mention that on the flip she wanted $50 for topless and $100 for nude. 

What the actual fuck people!

WHEN did we start paying massage parlour girls $100 bucks to go nude!??

If I had opted yes I would have paid $150 for half an hour of a shitty massage with her nude for no more than 10 minutes. I am all for paying extras and there is nothing like fucking a ML bareback on the table repeatedly during an hour session but I feel as though we are letting ourselves down more and more by agreeing to pay exorbitant amounts to see girls naked for 10 minutes and this is why none of them can massage anymore because for them it's all about the extras. If they can get a Benjamin everytime they massage why the fuck bother about the massage. 

Coupled with the fact these parlours are highly illegal, the reason why i take that risk is because in the past it has been traditionally cheaper but I think I will stick to my private MLs.

You've been warned gents.


