Thread Title: Toowong massage city - 0425 611 660
Floor: #1
Post Time: 23rd February 2018, 08:39 PM
Poster ID: tuan_87
Post Title: 
 Toowong massage city - 0425 611 660
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : katie

Establishment : toowong city massage

Date of Visit : 25/12/17 

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0425 611 660 https://m.locanto.com.au/brisbane/ID...uaranteed.html

Hours of Business : call and ask 

Rates : $45 / 30mins

Age : 27-32

Size/shape : thin/tall “c” cup boobs 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Russian/Mongolian mix ( however I disagree)

Services Provided : massage, hj , Topless, nude body slides

Value for money/recommend? : I probably won’t return however I think others might like her. 

Ok so My first visit at this shop. Ive always mistaken this shop for the one under the Thai restaurant near big intersection. .So I sent a quick text and ask what kinda girls they had on. Two girls available and said one was russian mix and the other was taiwanese. Made a booking with Kate the Russian mix girl sounds good. Parking was easy however the shop was on a very busy main road next to a few business with people walking. Walked in and saw only one girl which was Kate. She was dressed in a cute overalls outfit. Greeted me with a smile and escorted me in the room. Look wise I’d rate her a 7/10 I think she’s a lil older then most people would think However I’m guessing she be in her early 30’s. She has nice white skin and long fizzy hair nice slim body. I honestly don’t think she’s part Russian at all she looks a lot more Asian. She most deft . looks more Mongolian. Neways paid for 30 mins then I get naked and lie on the bed. One thing I noticed is that the walls don’t go all the way up so you can hear everything. Kate came back and went to work and after only a few mins of a decent massage it was obvious she knew what I was there for and quickly goes for my ass/balls/cock Doing the old reach around technique then she would go back to massage and then tries to build me back up again. After only 10 mins she tells me to turn over and offers me $50 hj or $100 nude with body slides which i declined both and asked her I’d just give her $70 for topless hj since she has a decent body with nice real tits. She takes off her top and then gives me nice hj with heaps of eye contact fake Loud moaning etc. I’m touching her breast and ass then I asked her If i can suck her tits which she then moves forward and pops them in my mouth and she moans even loader ( fake) while I suck on her boobs. .I quickly came and she cleans me up. All up is was a very very rushed service I think we were done in under 17 mins. Didn’t bother telling her it hasn’t been 30 mins she just assumed we weRe done when I finished up. 

Looks 7/10
Massage 6/10
Body 7/10
Attitude 5/10 “nice enough didn’t make much conversation” 
Ending 7/10

Overall I don’t think I’ll be returning, was easily one of the most rushed services ever. .however I do think there’s some punters here who might like her. Cheers


