Thread Title: Water Dragon Chinese Massage Cairns
Floor: #1
Post Time: 11th March 2014, 12:33 AM
Poster ID: Rntjimmy
Post Title: 
 Water Dragon Chinese Massage Cairns
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Cherry

 Establishment : Water Dragon Chinese Massage 

 Date of Visit : 26 Feb 2014

 Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.facebook.com/WaterDragonChineseMassage Ph:4028 3232

 Hours of Business : 9am to 9pm, 7 days 

 Rates : $65 for 60mins

 Age : 30?

 Size/shape : 8, A cup. Tall and quite attractive.  

 Nationality or Ethnicity : Taiwanese

 Services Provided : Massage only

 Value for money/recommend? : Yes for a good massage but no if you want a tug

My experience/comments: Finding a decent massage with tug from an Asian girl in Cairns is a challenge.  Have been to this place before with no luck but decided to try  again a few times as they generally do a decent massage and some of the previous girls allow you to be nude (so one always hopes (dreams!) they might be open to more). Dropped in one evening and got Cherry, a Taiwanese girl who's quite attractive and speaks reasonable English. She showed me to the cubicle and said to undress and she would return. I asked if it was ok to remove my underwear and she said sure. At that point I was hoping a little more might be on offer. I undressed and then lay face down on the table and waited for Cherry to return. Her massage was pretty good and she gave my ass and inner thighs a nice rub, which made me wonder if she was open to more. After about 30 minutes she asked me to flip. At that point I beckoned her close, pointed at my semi-erect cock and whispered “$50”. She smiled but politely said "sorry, no". I then whispered and said "ok to do myself?". She nodded and said "ok". The rooms are only partitioned off and with a curtain for the door so I had to be quiet and discreet when asking about a HJ or DIY. Cherry then proceeded to massage my legs and arms and I started to work my cock. She seemed to enjoy watching and that turned me on and in no time I was quite hard. As I worked my shaft she moved closer but no touching. But there were plenty of long lingering glances as she watched my rock hard cock. I worked my cock fast and beckoned her to watch as I shot my load. She watched intently and smiled. She massaged some more and then when the time was up got some nice hot towels to wipe me down. No tug but it was still good to DIY while an attractive Asian girl enjoyed watching. Phoned and booked Cherry a second time with the same experience. I think the key is to be very low key and discreet in this place. After all it is a legit massage joint so be careful if you try to push the boundaries for more. Perhaps if I went a few more times Cherry might be open to a HJ.  Tried a couple of other girls but with no success. Vivian gave an ok massage but underpants on. Kelly gave a good massage, attractive and cute girl and ok with nude but no HJ and when I asked about DIY she also indicated no. If you want a decent massage and don’t mind DIY then Cherry is definitely worth a booking. Just make sure you’re very discreet. I think there are also a couple of other girls (Hilda and Eva?) and also the owner does massage too. But I have not tried them. The shop only has Asian girls and all look to be around 25-30. Owner/manager looks bit older.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 11th March 2014, 11:42 PM
Poster ID: niteowl
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Nice review. I don't mind a bit of DIY action once in a while. I recall actually asking for it once at a massage place. No massage, just watch me wank. She only charged $20 which I thought was OK and I went back a couple of times. The ML asked why I like like it and I said I dunno, it's just something a bit different, to which she replied really matter of factly... "OK, like some mornings you like eggs for breakfast and other times you have corn flakes... I understand" LOL awesome assessment of the situation!


