Thread Title: 140 Closed??????
Floor: #1
Post Time: 17th September 2019, 09:29 PM
Poster ID: asianlovernow
Post Title: 
 140 Closed??????
				
Post Content: 
Anyone know when or if 140 hornsby will re open


Floor: #2
Post Time: 17th September 2019, 09:30 PM
Poster ID: andrewblake
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by asianlovernow


Anyone know when or if 140 hornsby will re ope
"""



Indefinitely.. 

AB


Floor: #3
Post Time: 17th September 2019, 10:01 PM
Poster ID: Bunty4
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
It's in smh....looks like it will be locked out...not good. Should have kept it clean.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 18th September 2019, 06:46 AM
Poster ID: WannaMilf
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
There’s something in the paper yesterday about some alleged drug dealing


Floor: #5
Post Time: 18th September 2019, 08:23 AM
Poster ID: usw
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
This is a quote of the SMH article:

Inside the north shore brothel allegedly selling commercial quantities of drugs[/B]

By Sally Rawsthorne
September 17, 2019 — 3.58pm
l

Boasting a "variety of choice ... from special massages through to erotic services", Hornsby 142 was a busy place.

"Our ladies are cute, young and passionate ... Come and play at any time," reads the north shore brothel's website.

Dozens of young women, mainly of Asian descent, worked at the brothel. According to its website, many were students or in their early 20s and described as "so gorgeous" in the website's reviews.

But police will allege sex work was only part of the business' appeal.

Police say a drug ring was being run from inside the brothel, which is tucked in an unassuming industrial area between a car repair shop and a taekwondo studio.

Investigators raided the brothel last Friday, arresting four people and allegedly seizing cash, ice, heroin and marijuana.

The brothel's owner, Wahroonga woman Min Van Campenhout, 45, was taken to Hornsby Police Station and charged with participating in a criminal group for the past year, being the occupier of a property knowingly used as drug premises, being found on drug premises and possessing Viagra.

Her employee Jun Jia, 28, was also arrested and charged with four counts of supplying ice, supplying a commercial quantity of ice, participating in a criminal group, possessing a prohibited drug and being found on drug premises.

The two were refused bail and appeared briefly at Parramatta Bail Court on Saturday.

A 49-year-old woman from Cromer was charged with supply prohibited drug and being found on drug premises, while a 34-year-old woman from Hornsby was charged with possessing a prohibited drug and being found on drug premises.

The two women will appear in Hornsby Local Court on Wednesday, after being granted conditional bail by police.

Signs affixed to the brothel's front and back doors on Tuesday said it was "closed for maintenance".

Ms Van Campenhout will appear in Hornsby Local Court next Wednesday to make a formal application for bail.

Her neighbour said Ms Van Campenhout had lived alone in her four-bedroom family home in Wahroonga, which she paid $2.25 million for in 2017.

"The real estate agent told us she and her husband had bought it, but I've never seen him," Mirko Uskovic said.

"There's never been a man there, although her two adult children do visit a bit.

"When she first moved in, she drove a really old second-hand car, but she's since upgraded and you always see very high-class cars there. It was a big change."

Mr Uskovic said he was "pretty surprised" when police descended on the quiet street on Friday.

Further arrests are expected.


