Thread Title: 2018 Year in Review !! If you have posted more than 10 reviews on new girls last year, please share here !
Floor: #1
Post Time: 7th January 2019, 02:30 PM
Poster ID: LUNGOR
Post Title: 
 2018 Year in Review !! If you have posted more than 10 reviews on new girls last year, please share here !
				
Post Content: 
As titled, I was doing a search myself the other day in another forum looking for a particular review on some ML as I think I had seen her but can't remember much of the details, so I did a search on my latest started thread (can't do it here as most of the reviews for any given shops just continued on in the same old thread.) and quite surprisingly, I actually had done a lot of review on new girls, in addition to seeing many of my regulars as well through out the year.

Pretty proud of myself actually, so I am starting this thread and invite other regular punters to share your punting achievements of 2018 right here, and thank you for sharing:


Section 1 (new girls, and/or new shops): in no particular order




Cherry @ 227 Concord Rd North Strathfield, Cherry is my no. 1 girl and I went to support her in this other shop, lt's a long way though, so only went there once, much easier to see Cherry at 1B QVB.

Linda @ 1B QVB, busty Chinese girl with D Cups, great skills and Spanish, back to see her a few times.

Daisy @ 227 Broadway, beautiful Aussie blonde with big tits, awesome couple of sessions, if only she stays on longer on two separate tours.

Justine @ 423 Massage at Central, young and slim French babe, very cute and something fresh and different.

Roxy @ 278 ! one of only two FS session I had last year, first try this shop, Roxy then becomes very popular and among many punters top list !

Chelsea @ 244 Paddington, my second FS punt of the year and this one is only so so, I think the shop took Chelsea off the roster after my review, sorry babe, just telling it as it is.

Kathy @ Happy Thai Massage, 277 Cleveland St, very busty Thai babe, first try this shop, came back the following week hoping for some Spanish and she's goooone !!

Mia @ 1B QVB, C Cups, very good part 1

Lucy @ G & H Massage, St Peters, new shop, was hoping to check out some of their busty girls with no booking, ended up with a milf in Lucy, OK'ish but no returns also.

Rachel @ 1B QVB, best PSE, boobs got a bit smaller, ass got a bit bigger and a whole lot more in play - I saw Rachel a few years back at 1A when it was run by different management, now 1A and 1B are combined. So it's considered seeing an old ML in a new place.

Selina @ 423 Massage at Central, full sized, curvy, very experience, very passionate Spanish teacher and also works a Sayuri at Summerville.

Ivy @ 227 Broadway, white skin Chinese model type with a perfectly proportioned lean body but with the right curves. could do Spanish but ended up doing Italian on top of her butt, excellent finishes !!

Fiona @ 423 Massage at Central, a bit of a misery girl, she was the receptionist/ML but never seen her in the roster again since, great session though.

Lisa @ 1B QVB, pretty girl, tick many boxes except Spanish, which is a pity !

Veronica @ Diva (DOS), big tits girl with 36 E Cups, but no oil on her body ! enough said !

Nina @ Blossom, the current magical hands in my collection, 34 Double D Cups, excellent full package and terrific skills

Nina @ 1B QVB, have to support her when she works briefly at QVB, gee, I wish she stays, it's a lot more convenient for my old legs to visit than Blossom.

Nina @ 423 Massage at Central, different Nina, good without being outstanding, my first try at this shop and the facilities of the shop rather than this Nina made me come back for a few more times.

Emily @ 1B QVB, exotic looking Korean girl, great body even with enhanced C Cups.

Kanako @ Blossom, genuine Japanese young girl, C cups but no Spanish, very cute though and good English for conversation.

Helen @ 1B QVB, I called her Iris mark II, you can imagine how great her tits are and great for titty fucks, unfortunately she was only there to cover someone else for the day, lots of tattoos and other punters have commented that she might be Hebe from Diva, won't mind playing those big tits again.

Kate @ 316 Central, haven't been to this place since Alice sold it, got an opportunity to visit and ran into Kate, small tits, great ASS but hasn't returned.



Section 2 (repeated visits for all time favourites): in no particular order



Cherry @ 1B QVB, still my go to girl, week in week out !

Bonnie @ Blossom, my go to Spanish girl, wish she is closer and I would have seen her weekly or fortnightly !! give me Bonnie's boobs and .............

Miko @ Blossom, my second go to Spanish girl as Miko was very reliable with her starting time and used to work more days at Blossom, wish she is still there.

Coco @ 1B QVB, lovely lovely lovely, tries so hard to please and nothing is too much trouble for young Coco.

Emma @ Diva, used to be hard to catch but latest have been more stable and appears on the roster more regularly, may be her private tours have dried up, charge for everything though, but those 40 G Cup, you want them ? PAY !!

Last but not lease, the mamasan double of Nicole and Vicky at 1B QVB, on and off, just have to give in to my temptations and desires. but I did get interrupted from time to time as one of them might have to answer the phone or open the door, but gee, the other mamasan would ALWAYS keep me totally occupied.................haha


That's all folks, love to read about yours !!

Please share !


Floor: #2
Post Time: 7th January 2019, 02:56 PM
Poster ID: LUNGOR
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Ooops, too late to edit !

Forgot to add the two out of Sydney punts too:

Japanese Massage @ shop 3, 128 Hindley Street Adelaide, even with NO language problem, Chinese to Chinese, still only managed to get a clothed HJ for $50 tip plus $60 massage fees, well, that's punting - outside of Sydney !! Not happy Jane !!

Up Stairs foot spa massage in Hong Kong, again, no time and so rushed, probably over paid with HKD$400 for a quickie no massage clothed HJ (although the C cups were released to play !) but in the end, it's probably an OK experiences !


Floor: #3
Post Time: 8th January 2019, 08:20 AM
Poster ID: The Steed
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Nice one sir Lungor. I too have posted more than 10 reviews, although mainly FS only. Happy Punting in 2019.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 8th January 2019, 09:38 AM
Poster ID: LUNGOR
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by The Steed


Nice one sir Lungor. I too have posted more than 10 reviews, although mainly FS only. Happy Punting in 2019
"""




Thanks Brother Steed, FS is even better, please share mate !!


Floor: #5
Post Time: 8th January 2019, 10:21 PM
Poster ID: The Steed
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
OK..May not be as detailed, but in some order of  preference
1. Michelle @ 533
2. Sunday @ 105
3. Jenny @ Summerville
4. May @ 60
5. Mia @ Thornleigh Massage
6. Dior @ 142
7. Sunny @ 142
8. Darin @ 142
9. QQ @ 142
10. Cassie @ 142
In 2019, would like to travel yonder to 65, Kelly’s et al. Happy Punting.

The Steed...Over & Out


Floor: #6
Post Time: 9th January 2019, 08:23 AM
Poster ID: sunnyboy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Not sure if I have done 10 reviews but I did see my regular ladies at Riverwood Cougars. 
Candy, nice gfe. Easy sex.
Luna, best ever.
Taylor, pse with a real skinny chick.

I did a higher end at Liaisons.
Sally, starfish very poor service.

I did a cheap asian punt at Granville but I didn't catch the girls nname and it was a really terrible punt.

I also got more confident with ts seeing Cherry and YaYa.

As for punting this year, who knows? I would like to try a higher end punt again as well as cheaper young cauc girls. Maybe Croydon 219? 
But my mainstay will be RCT.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 11th January 2019, 05:12 AM
Poster ID: sunnyboy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Come on guys. How about your year in review?


Floor: #8
Post Time: 11th January 2019, 09:57 AM
Poster ID: bilko
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Ok a quick year in review... 

17 reviews in total
12 RnT
5 FS

Best Massage award goes to Alice @ Hills Massage - She is in the elite category for RnT's!

Best FS goes to Casey at Roseville Rose - This was up there with the best punt ive had - to make things worse ive never managed a return service as Im not sure she is still working in shops? If anyone happens to stumble across her...?? Roseville had her listed as an Aussie (she is but with russian/mongolian heratige).


