Thread Title: Anne silver haired lovely. 0431176232 Anne Searle name on ad.
Floor: #1
Post Time: 3rd February 2019, 02:58 PM
Poster ID: sleazyryder
Post Title: 
 Anne silver haired lovely. 0431176232 Anne Searle name on ad.
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Anne

Establishment : PML Private Qualified Naturopath. Massage therapist. Barrs 

Date of Visit : Nov 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.gumtree.com.au/s-ad/well...les/1194956881

Musgrave Street Wellington Point Brisbane Qld

Phone :0431176232

Hours of Business : Monday's & Friday's 9 am to 5 pm  Tues Wed Thurs 11am till 7 pm Sat Sun 10am 4pm

Rates : $60 40 minutes $80 60 minutes $120 90 minutes

Age : 50's but a young outlook

Size/shape :Size 10 nice C to D cups shapely

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : Massage and read the review for details

Value for money/recommend? : Yup she is one switched on lady

My experience/comments : Now I have seen Anne on a couple of occasions and find her massage to be absolutely delightful. This is a review of my first encounter with Anne.
Anne is a fully qualified and practicing Naturopath so Professionalism is the approach she takes but mixed with commonsense and a drive to be modernising the applications of commonsense.

Now she dresses fairly conservatively. But is not a prude. Her space is in a room set aside for her Naturopathy practice and she is a little cryptic if you ask direct questions about the massage offered.

Asking the question directly so as to guess or know whether the journey to Wellington Point is worth the time and fuel then the response might not be one that clarifies the situation.

It is called punting after all.

Upon entering the home I am ushered to her treatment room. Anne is fairly attractive in an ordinary way. She does not have makeup on but if she did she would likely be a head turner...well to us older crocks.

She was wearing slacks and a shirt which looked very pedestrian. She certainly didn't dress up as some do. Or rather dress down as others do.

Into the room. Asked to strip to whatever I felt comfortable with. Starkers was it for me.

Commando onto the table. She entered the room. Turned the music on to a low level so we could communicate. A lot of lesser experienced therapists get the volume wrong. Either way too loud or needing a hearing loop to hear it. So conversation flowed.
Massage was excellent and she applied a pressure which was spot on. She clearly is trained and well versed in Anatomy.

I elected for the hour session first up. Since that time I have gone for the 90 minute and 2 hour sessions.

Her pressure was just right and adjusted for the area she was massaging.
Now following on from the initial enquiry I had alluded to a more sensual style of massage. She had replied as long as it was in context.

Cryptic yes definitive no.

So the first time there was little hint we were on the same page. With around 15 minutes to go in the hour she requested that I turn over. Before I did I requested a bit more on my glutes and insertions.
Well after a few minutes I turned over with an erection well and truly on display.
She looked at me and just smiled. Then said I had a feeling that would happen after your last request. 
She placed a cloth over my cock and continued to massage on my front. Stomach chest and then said I suppose I should do something about that. She pulled the cloth away and poured some oil onto my cock. Ooh that felt just soo good.
She used a two handed grip and started to gently pull my cock. It felt just so natural and as if we had done this many times before. I had some time before I was too aroused and requested for a bit of prostate massage. She said I haven't done that before. I gulped kinda. This could turn pear shaped really fast or if she knows the male anatomy it should work just fine.
I asked her if she knew where the prostate gland was located. She said of course I do. I said just put some lube on your finger and push the middle one into my anus and gently feel the bulbar end of the gland.

Well she had no qualms about doing this. Both her hands were now occupied so I took advantage of that and went under her shirt and pulled out the most delightful pert puppies I have seen on a woman that age for some time. I went to kiss her nipples and then realised I was close to the point of no return.
I had a choice either slow things down or ramp things up...

Needless to say I will keep the actions of those minutes to myself. And it would be spot on correct to say Anne is a really great find in an oasis of crudity fake tans and even worse attitudes. A delightful find. A Professional in every sense.

She didn't charge for the extra service but rather it was included in the price. Uncertain if this was a courtesy to me or if she doesn't request extra to all.
But try her she is well worth a visit. 

When you see her treat her with respect and look after her as she will look after you. Mix it up. She doesn't offer further services however what she does offer should be satisfying enough for those who enjoy a bit on the other side of raunch. 

Why in silver. She has Professional Registration. So disclosing this might put her livelihood at risk. So please fellas be very discreet.

She is a single Mum second time around. 

Enjoy.


SR.


