Thread Title: Detail of reviews?
Floor: #1
Post Time: 11th February 2015, 03:10 AM
Poster ID: bluey08
Post Title: 
 Detail of reviews?
				
Post Content: 
I'm a bit confused of what is expected to be posted, this is due to the warnings not to post information regarding extra services on some of the threads in the therapeutic massage section. But on the other side of the coin, reviews with no information or vague information regarding extras is not of much value. It has been stated that silver membership can be bought, and thus there is a slight concern for confidentiality of the reviews, therefore I would appreciate some clarification on the subject.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 11th February 2015, 03:45 PM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by bluey08


I'm a bit confused of what is expected to be posted, this is due to the warnings not to post information regarding extra services on some of the threads in the therapeutic massage section ....
"""



Thank you for your question bluey08.

Does this thread http://auxxxreviews.com/forum/f307/reviews-law-32116/ help ?

If not, then maybe here's a pennyworth from my tiny mind (not to be considered anything like authoritative because it's a question the forum struggles with).

Most of the difficulty comes from states with legislation about Sex work (in Vic the Sex Work Act) : attempts to minimise the well known problems of sex work by licensing providers.

Any provider of sexual services (and the law is quite specific that this includes HEs) except owner operators (and one other person) must have a license.

As you know the forum provides a wall around the Therapeutic Massage Parlours by allowing only access to Silver members. Silver members are those who have earned a degree of trust by writing reviews (artificial elevating ones post count with comment and questions will be detected and dealt with) or paying for Silver membership.

The recommendation is that Bronze members, who cannot post in the MP forum, be discrete about extended service because the cost of entry to Bronze is less, it is harder to guarantee the integrity of members. If there are reviews posted in the Bronze Lounge that describe experiences that are a bigger target, the mods will move them to the MP forum. Naturally this is hard for the poster and other Bronze members who are deprived of their review, but it should be recognized that the forum wants to protect the businesses who provide a valuable service. It should also be an incentive for members to become Silver by posting reviews.

It should also encourage members, especially for Silver members, to be prudent about asking and answering questions. especially if the asker has a poor review history - click their avatar and you'll see their last posts or what they have read. If you want more, click 'Find latest posts'. 

The first principle of social engineering is to get in peoples faces with talk and questions so that after a bit you are accepted as belonging. 

Silver and above members should post useful reviews with as much detail as the poster feels necessary to provide an accurate report noting that Bronze members cannot read those reviews.

As you say, if spies purchase Silver membership, they will be able to read most reviews but, like all security measures, it is impossible to defeat well resourced and determined attackers.

Your suggestions about improving the situation are very welcome.

So to sum up.

Bronze members - tone reviews down
The rest            - post useful reviews or the forum is not useful & watch out for those who talk and don't review.

( Leeching, reading the reviews of others without posting reviews, is covered by  Member ranks and Privileges . If members don't post reviews they cannot expect to remain members )


Floor: #3
Post Time: 13th February 2015, 03:25 AM
Poster ID: bluey08
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Cheers for the clarification!


Floor: #4
Post Time: 13th February 2015, 06:13 AM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
If members are up for it, there's also this style of coded obfuscation,






 Originally Posted by shtumper


.
.
There is a box of tissues in the room if you feel like blowing your nose while you are there. Also - the much older guy who visited while I was there a few months back saw Meerway while I was with a younger chick, and somewhat moist rubbing sounds led into a silence which was broken by a loud raspy gasp, and Meerway then quietly chuckling to herself before the sounds of tissues could be heard for the bloke to blow his nose on ....


Very funny.

The review is a good read and helpful for those finding themselves with the urge on a cold Melbourne day.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 14th February 2015, 06:23 AM
Poster ID: Johnjohn1691
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks for the advice Farti - all makes sense. Really appreciate the way you keep us all on track & focus. It's the moderators/managers of this site that make it so valuable to all of us.
Obviously we are primarily talking about MLs working under their own name and/or in a legitimate parlour which advertises. A bit the same as the private ML except in those cases it is the address we need to be careful of. This situation is well covered with the address usually being revealed during a punter's first contact (never mentioned in the review). Unfortunately in the case of the legit palour giving the unofficial extra it is the name that is sensitive and that conflicts with our purpose at AUXXXREVIEWS.  
I was wanting to add one point - our posts here can be found using generic google searches - this ups the stakes considerably for the massage ladies. Let me give you two examples here in Melbourne:
Natasha - Kew
http://auxxxreviews.com/forum/f120/n...4-948-a-24498/
If you google "natasha massage kew" you will get our AUXXXREVIEWS - you get this result even though she stopped trading last May. Perhaps for Natasha this wasn't too bad as she was probably using a fake name and the parlour seems to encourage (or at least not frown on) extras. But still I would imagine it would be quite confronting to realise your clandestine practices could be googled that easily.
Example No 2 is Natalie at Pozitiva Massage in Carnegie :
http://auxxxreviews.com/forum/f120/m...3-853-a-20876/
In this case Natalie appears to be running her own business and is advertising with a web page, Groupon campaign etc - the whole nine yards. I'd assume all her friends family know this is her business. So her big problem is if you google "Pozitiva Massage" you get our reviews. I can see how this would be a complete disaster for this kid just starting out - could drive away legitimate business and humiliate her socially. Not to mention cause her to stop providing this service (at least to new punters) bad for us - really bad for her.
I'm not trying to come across as a bleeding heart hypocrite- I'm in this for the punt (though a bit of empathy in all our daily dealings is no bad thing) and while I sympathise with Natalie and Natasha they are adults and have to accept the consequences yada yada.
Just one thought - here in the Silver Lounge it appears what we post is not "Google-able"??? I tried searing on "lorraine's kahuna massage" and only got legitimate references - auxxxreviews didn't  come up?! 

Does that mean that if (at least for silver & gold members) reviews on ladies in these circumstances might be safe (or at least safer) if kept in the silver lounge? 
 Sorry if my comments are technically clueless!!!


Floor: #6
Post Time: 14th February 2015, 07:36 AM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thank you for your thoughtful post Johnjohn1691.

The forum tries to be fair, reliable and honest. Tries hard.

Part of treating people and businesses fairly is protecting them, so we try and remove anything that expose an individuals identity.

But the Internet exists to make it easy to find stuff. The examples you give show that whenever someone posts, it's possible to 
find that post and the context.

AuXXX posts will be found by Google (which will also find posts to other forums) but only members can read those posts.

It should come as no surprise that massage businesses sometimes provide extra services and customers may ask for them
and write about them.

An AuXXX post about a massage business says nothing more than the poster may have visited the business (one of the reasons
we care about the formality of a template report is to increase the cost of selfie reviews, or fraudulent reviews that smear a business etc etc).

If Natalie or someone else in no matter what context is challenged about her business appearing in AuXXX posts, she can (in the
manner beloved by political leaders all over the world) put her hand over her heart and say, "people ask me for handys all the time. The answer is always no. They are probably whining about not getting any". 

Any Massage business, no matter what it's HE policy and practise, will probably be reviewed by members. Only members who can read the reviews will know what's available.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 14th February 2015, 09:49 AM
Poster ID: Johnjohn1691
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hi Farti - totally accept - I just think it's good news that it appears that Silver Lounge posts aren't "Google-able".
Thanks for the point about only being able to see posts if you are a member - I guess I can follow the link on my iPad because my cookies get me in. (Or whatever - I'm not that technical!!)

Once again - really appreciate the effort you guys put in.

Cheers


Floor: #8
Post Time: 5th April 2015, 02:00 PM
Poster ID: Melchior
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I tend to post details depending on where the provider/service is given.

For example, if it's a Victorian provider, definitely tone it down. If it's a NSW provider, it's almost a free-for-all.


