Thread Title: Edie Mobile massage Lower North Shore Sydney
Floor: #1
Post Time: 22nd June 2018, 12:19 AM
Poster ID: sleazyryder
Post Title: 
 Edie Mobile massage Lower North Shore Sydney
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Edie

MOD EDIT

Establishment : PML Outcall massage only mob # 0459789579

Date of Visit : June 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.gumtree.com.au/s-ad/neut...ife/1076326237

Hours of Business : 9am to 9 pm 6 days a week

Rates : $125/hr plus tip

Age : late 30's likely early 40's

Size/shape : size 14 nice arse Beaudelicious

Nationality or Ethnicity : Philippino by birth / Australian Citizen

Services Provided : Massage and happy ending

Value for money/recommend? :  Recommended yes VFM no way

My experience :

Made a booking with Edie. She sent me a text stating she had allocated another girl to see me. Well guess what I sent her a message saying that was not okay. I booked her I wanted to see her. She cancelled the booking and made it for the following night. Okay I was fine with that.

Now Edie is an old hand at massage. She has a sister who is DDG a real corker. No longer working as she is now married to a skip and has stopped pleasing the males of New South Wank.

Edie used to do Lomi Lomi but no longer as most guys don't like the oil that goes with the style. So she says but...

I know some members on the forum who love Lomi Lomi and would be disappointed at reading this however the problem is Edie only does mobile now. She does good massage in the style you request but also charges accordingly.

Edie asked what style I wanted so I said relaxation round the legs and perineum.

Well that's what I got. Requested a ball massage about an hour in. No prob. This girl is easy to ask and responds accordingly.

Now massaging me for around 80 minutes I requested she finish me off. She said yeah that be extra.
My mistake for not negotiating with her upfront.  I had already extended to 90 minutes. 

She does a really great handjob and had me climaxing hard and multiple times. A real treat. Only issue was she used way too much oil.
Now I caution readers thinking this lass might be good to try. A lot of what I experienced was from years of trying to reconnect with Edie after I had seen her on the mid Northern Beaches early in the naughties.

So she knows what she is doing. Her ad says no but her hands say yes and yay!

She charged a pineapple for the handy and it was a fully clothed one unfortunately.

So $180 for the 90 minutes massage plus $50 for the tug.

Hence I cannot say that this was anything other than very poor vfm. But for me it ticked Edie off my bucket list again after having experienced her massage around 15 years ago. Having also fucked her lovely sister Marie and having tried to hookup. with Edie for the last decade. 

So Edie might be open to more but she knows how to charge. She is mobile only. She has a very pleasant manner about her and the worst thing is her abrupt phone manner. 
She is no looker however the massage is as directed. So it's really up to you.

overall experience 6.5/10.  VFM 3 to 4/10

Reason on why this one is in the Silver section is the ad is old and the mob number is private and this review belongs in a restricted area. Edie would not appreciate the outing of her handy skill set.


Sleazy


Floor: #2
Post Time: 24th June 2018, 06:33 PM
Poster ID: Cartman
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks sleazyryder. Brings back memories. I must've seen Edie about 10 years ago. I have been back in contact with her recently but as I can't host at the moment she can't visit me. Shame.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 24th June 2018, 09:08 PM
Poster ID: JB
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Brings back memories for sure!!
Both sisters were up to FS in the old days....


