Thread Title: ella. Springvale.
Floor: #1
Post Time: 9th January 2020, 07:46 PM
Poster ID: Chichi Big Dog
Post Title: 
 ella. Springvale.
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Ella

Establishment : private. Springvale

Date of Visit : Thursday 9/01/2020

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0406 288 275

Phone :0406 288 275

Hours of Business : not sure. Didn't ask

Rates : 150. 

Age : 29

Size/shape : 10.  fantastic body

Nationality or Ethnicity : 

Services Provided : CBC

Value for money/recommend? : nope

My experience / comments 

after reading rave rave reviews about Ella , I decided to to go check out this lady.arranged for 30 mins this morning and was given the address but not the apartment no. Parking was impossible so I had to park about 400 meters from her place. .  When I eventually got there I texted her to ask for apartment details.

i was surprised by the amount of people coming and going from the the apartment block. Unbelievable.to make matters worse I was The only non Asian person loitering at the front. eventually Ella texts me with the details and I make my way up. there's me in a lift filled with Asians whom I suspect knew I wasn't visiting a relative.  

I knock on the door and was let in by this absolutely gorgeous lady and I felt we hit it off pretty well. Small talk and she asks would I like a shower. Why not. Out of the shower and into the bedroom where she asks for the money upfront. I give 150 and she pretends to look for change (20) and says no change but I'll give you cbj. Ok. well ok. 

It goes all down hill from here. Body slide was rubbish. tit fuck was useless. She then doms me up and commences a cbj.  It too was shit. To toothy for me but al, the while she was pleasant and nice. Eventually I was able to blow but it was more effort on my part rather than hers. Small talk ,little cuddles a couple of kisses on the cheek and up I get . 

She is leaving later this month to visit her mum in Thailand.

Ok. Ella is a very nice lady. Face 8/10. Body 10/10. attitude 10/10. I can't praise her enough but her service is shit.150 for one of the worst massages, bodyslides and cbj.

Wir. Nope. she did say next time fs. I'm thinking there won't be a next time


