Thread Title: Grand Engadine Thai and Remedial Massage
Floor: #1
Post Time: 24th January 2018, 01:55 PM
Poster ID: milfaddict
Post Title: 
 Grand Engadine Thai and Remedial Massage
				
Post Content: 
https://engadinethaiandremedialmassage.com.au/

This place looks semi-legit, so I thought there may be chance for more here. Have been here and seen two ladies, Amy, and Aileen (not sure how to spell that). Both times, I was able to be massaged nude, and the towel they used barely covered me (I asked for a smaller towel though). The second time Aileen massaged me, was without a towel at all for the front either but YMMV as it was after a bit of persuasion. Also no one else was in the shop the second time.

Reason I thought more might be on offer is because while being massaged by Amy, I could hear giggling in the next partition and a man's voice mumbling, it sounded a little suggestive to me but I could be wrong.

Both times, no tackle tickle occurred. However Aileen did use the hot  stones over my balls from behind, and ended up resting them on my erect cock (again still while I was on my stomach. No touching on the front however, except for with the towel to clean up (she rubbed it over my balls and cock at this stage).

Undecided as to more will be available. It is a very good relaxing massage for the price particularly as I noticed they have a special between certain hours. I am keen to try a few more ladies here before giving up hope. Also might help to build more of a rapport with Aileen.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 24th January 2018, 05:20 PM
Poster ID: aviator1300
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
For a relatively small suburban shopping centre, Engadine seems to have quite an abundance of massage parlours. How many of these are legit and how many offer extras? I would like to try some of these out however I have too many business associates here thus am likely to get sprung. Would like some intel on them.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 24th January 2018, 11:32 PM
Poster ID: milfaddict
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by aviator1300


For a relatively small suburban shopping centre, Engadine seems to have quite an abundance of massage parlours. How many of these are legit and how many offer extras? I would like to try some of these out however I have too many business associates here thus am likely to get sprung. Would like some intel on them
"""



There is one on the main strip which is quite obviously a rub and tug, I have never been in but I can almost guarantee it is a rub and tug. I prefer these thai places cos it's a bit more of a mixed bag as to whether you will get a rub or not. The Retreat definitely doesn't offer extras, this one I posted about I am still undecided on. There is also a Siam Thai but I am fairly sure that is legit as it is very up market presentation wise (proper rooms etc.)


