Thread Title: Healthy Thai Massage 72 Darlinghurst Road Kings Cross 02-9326-9994
Floor: #1
Post Time: 16th October 2017, 02:24 PM
Poster ID: LUNGOR
Post Title: 
 Healthy Thai Massage 72 Darlinghurst Road Kings Cross 02-9326-9994
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Yaya

Establishment : Healthy Thai Massage 

Date of Visit : October 2017 

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Healthy Thai Massage 72 Darlinghurst Road Kings Cross 02-9326-9994

Hours of Business : 10am till 10pm

Rates : seems a bit expensive - $70/45 min, sorry, was in a rush, not too sure about 30 min and the hr rate

Age : 20's

Size/shape : Size 8, tall, long legs, and enhanced DD Cups

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai girl, good English

Services Provided : typical Thai massage - read on.................

Value for money/recommend? : a bit on the expensive side considering what can I get in town but at the right place at the right time and get what I want. Probably won't return unless in the area again and with the urge !

My experience/comments :


Have some business to attend up William Street. finishing around lunch time so walk up to the Cross looking for a bite.

Saw this Thai shop opposite the station and suddenly my sore neck and shoulder was pushing me across the road, never been here before and from memory, there wasn't any clear indication if this shop is RnT or legit. I'm usually not someone too willing to explore or take risk, but gave in to the sore neck and that lunch time horny feelings - not sure if I could get out early from work this afternoon, so I am here now, let's hope for the best.

The door and outside looks really doggy - as you would expect from a shop at the Cross, still, that Nim Thai up the road was a legit shop - could I expect this one to be any different? soon find out. 

One Thai girl comes out from behind reception and ask: you want a massage? yes, how long? 45 min, you have been here before? yes many times (well, that's a lie but I thought if I said first time, that may limit my chance of getting any happy ending if they only offer to regulars), that's $70.

Sounds a bit expensive but I don't know the price range in the area, so handed over the cash and this young Thai girl asked me to take off my shoes as many Thai shop would, look like the massage will take place upstairs. While I was taking my shoes off, the girl went to lock the front door. OK, makes sense if they are all upstairs. As she walks back towards me I have a good look at her, quite a pretty girl, typical Thai girl tanned skin, white T Shirt and looks really busty, I wish there is opportunity to explore them I think to my self, quite a tall girl too but she is wearing jeans. anyway. At least she is a worthy target to challenge.

She lead me upstairs and the set up is very traditional Thai massage places, no rooms, no doors, just curtains separating about 4 different cubicles. She took me to the massage bed right at the end, as I walk pass, all the beds were empty, looks like she is the only one working, this is good, and the door is locked downstairs, so basically we are all alone in this shop, OK, the RnT stock has just gone up a notch.

She then asked me to get undressed and lay on the table. I thought, should I take everything off or leave my panties on, well, I think let's just play it safe for the time being, if she is going to offer, my undies ain't gonna turn her away. and if this is legit, and I am butt naked, it would be really awkward if she has to ask me to put my pants back, so I left my undies on and lay on the bed - it's a flat hard bed with Thai style clothes coverings - not a massage table.

a moment later, she came back into the cubicle and said, can you take this off too, as I will be using some oil !!

Bingo ! music to my ears, OK, that's 80% towards the happy ending. I am laughing inside................lol

So, the massage started with Yaya (I didn't ask her name until the end, but easier to use her name now) standing at the top and pressing down on my neck and shoulder, she didn't place the towel over me which is what I preferred. nothing special, Yaya is not particularly strong but adequate and I was enjoying the pampering. then she move to the back and more the same, at about the half way mark Yaya started on my legs:

She started by dropping some oil on my upper and lower legs and then slides her palms in a long and smoothing action and brushing past my butt and ever slightly into my cracks . OK - that's 90% good ! not 100% yet? well, I have known about some Thai girls will do all the signs and teasing but it's still NO in the end, so while I was very positive and with high hopes, there is still that slight uncertainty........., but not for long !

So, as Yaya doing her things all over my lower body, I said, very nice massage, she said thank you, you like it, I said, yes, very nice.

Then , finally, her fingers reach between the legs and TT my balls !! and she asked, how about this ?

Oh, yes, very nice, 

So you like me massage here too ?

yes, please !

From this point I was expect her to tell me the prices and so on, but no, no more questions but more TT actions from Yaya's hands.

I really enjoying her services and gradually getting hard and by that time, Yaya used her other hand and reach underneath and grab hold of my hard cock and whispered: you want me to massage here now ?

Well, no more pretending is needed I suppose, so I turned over and Yaya started to jerk me !

I was in two minds, firstly, no money was mentioned before she started the HJ, does that mean the $70/45 min is inclusive of the HJ, I should have asked to be sure, but sorry guys, I didn't ! as I was too keen to get my hands on those big tits and either way, I knew I have to pay more to get my hands on them so I asked: take clothes off ?

you want me to take my clothes off?

Yes please,

I need to charge more

How much?

$50.

OK,

you pay me now.

I got up and get the $50 out from my wallet and handed it over, 

Wait one minute.

So I lay back down on the bed, with a boner right between my legs, I couldn't wipe the smile off my face.

30 seconds later, Yaya is back, this time, she has a bag of wet wipes in her hands, she is well equipped !!

Yaya put the wipes down and lifted off her white T shirt, Wow, those tits look so big and yummy inside her black lace bra, then she undid her bra to release those tits and my heart just sinked !! bloody hard round enhanced tits !! well, I probably shouldn't have just a high expectation on those boobies, she is after all a Thai girl and busty girl you should always have reservations until you see them in the flesh and hands on the tits.

What makes the situation a little bit better was that Yaya continued to strip and everything comes off, OK, at least I am getting a naked HJ and not a topless one only. Yaya has a very nice butt, very nice long legs and a full shaven pussy!

Then she lays down the rules: you can touch me every where, but no fingers inside and no sucking and licking (and she actually performs the acts of sucking and licking - like tongue out in a licking action to make sure I understand - very cute !) as we have no shower here - OK sister, I hear you, so I suppose tits fuck , spanish and italian are both out of the question !

Now, for fake tits, Yaya's tits actually feels better than the way they looked. very responsive smallish nipples fully erected, I would have sucked on them if it was allowed, I sort of understand why she kept them off limits. so the HJ commenced and it was quite a simple action, one hand only and she was going pretty full speed ahead, I looked at the wall clock, there is 15 min left, so I have a tap on her hand and said, oh, slow down please, we have plenty of time.

She smiled, slow right down and that's much better. still, with my hands wondering all over her hot body, her booty butts, her bare pussy, her flat tummy and those Double D Cups and hard nipples, I was reach the point in no times, so I have to move Yaya's hand away from my cock and placed them on my balls instead. that just slow things right down and I was enjoying it.

So, with out too much surprises and special skills for the next 5 min, I was building again, so I pulled Yaya closer to me, one hand on her DD and the other hand squeezing her butt and Yaya knows that I am cumming so she increased her hand speed and tempos and I joined in by fucking her hand real hard and I shot out a big load landed on my own chest. a few more lesser drops later and I have to hold on to Yaya's cock holding hand just to make sure she won't let go just yet.

When I was ready, I let go and say thank you and Yaya gave me a thorough clean up with the wet wipes.

then she got dressed and went outside to wash her hands, she came back with a not too hot towel to clean the oil off my back and then she suggested that I lay back down to give me more massage, I preferred to have more neck and shoulder in a sitting position and I got another 5 min of that and it was a nice finish to the session.

got dressed and walk back downstairs, by then there was another Thai girl sitting in the lounge, this one is more a MILF and not as good looking as Yaya, well, with the out of city location of this shop, I doubt it very much that I will come back any time soon. But I am happy to tick this shop off the list as a RnT - but then again, YMMV as always.

As I am Asian, may be part 2 is safer to be offered and if you are Aussie - you may have to play your cards right? well, the only way to find out is for more reviews to come from this shop?

I have taken one for the team, any one for a second confirmation ??


Cheers



ps. decided to post this in the Silver section, mainly because there hasn't been too many action here and I suppose only higher ranked members should have this intels ?


Floor: #2
Post Time: 16th October 2017, 03:35 PM
Poster ID: Jonlad
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
$70 per 45min is pricey.... even for the area.

Jasmines in double bay and Thai Oasis in surry hills do a fully nude, body slide, HJ for $65/30mins


Floor: #3
Post Time: 16th October 2017, 03:47 PM
Poster ID: LUNGOR
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by Jonlad


$70 per 45min is pricey.... even for the area.

Jasmines in double bay and Thai Oasis in surry hills do a fully nude, body slide, HJ for $65/30min
"""



Yeah, I was thinking about that, I wish I would have clarified whether the $70/45 min actually inclusive of a HJ finish, if so, then, it's a good price. MY BAD!

Thinking back, once I turned over for the first time, there was actually no mention about more tips and Yaya has already started jerking me off ! If I wasn't so keen to see those tits, would she have continued right to the end ? - I would never know, but my gut is telling me it's a better than even money chance that it is included !!

Can some Eastern suburbs brother please check it out - Yaya - although with the enhanced tits, is actually quite worth your while..............haha


Floor: #4
Post Time: 16th October 2017, 07:05 PM
Poster ID: Jonlad
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hmmm yes wouldnt surprise me if a HJ was included at that price. Though who knows, they may just do as they want and operate on a different structure to most classic RnTs.

Visited this joint the other day, right on New South Head road above Rushcutters Bay

https://www.teparakthaimassage.com.au/

Seems to be a similar setup to the one you visited. Curtained off rooms only. The day l went l had actually driven by earlier and noticed what looked like a thai hottie in yoga pants! So had to check it out. 

Went later in the day and actually got the same girl l had seen that morning outside the shop. Not actually that hot, mid 30s but had a decent body. 

I stripped fully nude and put a towel over by bum area. She took the towel off quick and was soon massaging around my crack. Definately extras on offer. 

Flipped and she continued to massage my front, without a towel. I was pretty erect by now and she offered a HJ. 

$50 for a clothed HJ! Turned that down quick. Asked about a nude HJ; $80! 

Turned both down and by the end she was desperate for some cash and offered a HJ for $30... told her next time lol. Not prepared to pay $30 for a HJ.

Massage wasnt great either so not worth a repeat visit


Floor: #5
Post Time: 29th December 2017, 05:28 PM
Poster ID: LUNGOR
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Pauly or Paulie

Establishment : Healthy Thai Massage

Date of Visit : December 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Healthy Thai Massage 72 Darlinghurst Road Kings Cross 02-9326-9994

Hours of Business : 10am till 10pm

Rates : seems a bit expensive - $50/30 min, massage only plus $50 tip for a bra on HJ !!

Age : 20's

Size/shape : Size 6, slim and quite pretty, with yummy B Cups but wrapped in BRA !

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai girl, good English

Services Provided : well, I needed to get my rocks off and I did and really paid for IT ! - read on.................

Value for money/recommend? : one of the most expensive and unfullfilling RnT session I ever had, I probably should have got on the train and head to 1B or 1A QVB and get whoever on and will get better deal. but hey, it's Xmas and perhaps it's the wine ...........

My experience/comments :


Before the Xmas break and I was finishing a lunch time work function and found myself may be 1 glass or red too many, so horny and really needed to have a release. the closest shop just happened to be this one at the Cross, and since my last visit, I thought why not, even if I get the enhanced Double D Cups, it would be OK.

So I walked in another Thai girl was there, young, quite pretty, not too tall and slim, wearing a loose T shirt so can't tell if busty, may be a small judging my the look. and she is the only person available. ask how long, I said half hour, that will be $50, OK, paid that and followed her upstairs, once upstairs, pretty much all the curtains were closed including the last cubicle that I was in last time, so, busy day !!

She (later I found out her name is Paulie ? or something like that) lead me to the second last cubicle and told me to take all the clothes off - I know I know, you don't want to get oil on my undies, that's OK, I wanted to be naked anyway.

I looked on the table, it has a towel and then a piece of Thai clothe across the middle section. I don't think I want to lay my cock on that clothe, so I just lay there face up, my lil brother facing the sky. this must be the very first time I ever started a RnT session Not facing down, well, I don't want to waste time as I still have to get back to the office and when all you want was a quickie, why waste time. So I was butt naked laying there hands cross and rested on my tummy waiting for Paulie to return.

She came back, obviously saw my nakedness, didn't say a word, but dimmed down the light, looking good, and she came close to my ears and whispered with a hand signal, and said, you want me to do this ?? I said yes please, I said, how much, she said, $50 and showed me her hand with a 5, I said no need to take clothe off, $20? She said, no, still $50 !! I thought, OK, then $50 !

Then I thought, if I am paying the $50, I might as well get her naked, I couldn't pay $50 for a clothed HJ, right ? so I signaled Paulie to take her top off, she then said, only this and used her hand to pull her T shirt up, I said find, I thought she is going topless and leave her pants on, but NO, only the T-shirt off and the bloody Bra stayed ON !!

What the !!

but I can't really argue with her as there are people on either side of my cubicle, and I can't leave without shooting, damn it !! a bra top HJ, that's a first for me !!

So down to business, Paulie used a bit of oil and started massage my chest and then legs and very soon, the main event on the family jewels. I must say, she is pretty good at it and since I have already turned over, so no wasting time on any part 1. Now I'm hard, and I want to see tits !!

Well, even with the bra on, still better than no looking, and Paulie actually has pretty good B Cuppers, well, the heavily padded bra certainly doing it's push up job as well. I can touch her cleavage a bit but as soon as I try to touch the actual breasts, she backs off, with a shy smiles, well, I can't really force her can I. and not when she was holding my rock hard cock with both hands and especially not when she changed and has one hand caressing my balls. 

She then ask, if I like it slow or fast and she showed me what she meant by fast and slow with her hand too, slow, of course, we have plenty of time.

So, I was enjoy this basically = clothed hand job and have to stop Paulie quite a few times as I get closed. and this sort of go on for the next 15 minutes, and during that time, I heard the ML on my right hand side asked the magical question to her client: Do you want any extras ?

And then a couple of min later, the ML on the left side also reaching the point where she pops the same question to her man !! judging by the giggles and noise to follow, both punters are having a happy ending thats for sure.

As times goes by, I am reaching mine too. So I asked Paulie to stand next to me - forgot to mention, most of the HJ plays were done with Paulie sitting at the end of the table between my legs - may be this way I can't touch her ................lol But now that I am close, I need to touch or grab something, so I have one hand on Paulie's butt over her pants and the other hand on her bra and she quickens and I gave her everything I got. this sort of reminded me of the days when Yuki won't get naked for me, but at least she only charged me the $20 .................... and has much better hands, not to say Paulie is no good, she did give me a 20 min HJ which is pretty good.

So clean up and I handed over the $50. and now Paulie is smiling and gave me a kiss on the chit and told me her name is Paulie and asked if I am happy and come to see her again. Well, most unlikely, but for what I most wanted , I got, but could be much happier if it was only $20 or if she was naked. well, wrong place, wrong time or right place right time for her ?


But after all these years, this is still a somewhat new experience for me.


Happy New Year everyone.

Cheers


