Thread Title: Intel on Tatbrad and Isabelle in South East Queensland SEQ
Floor: #1
Post Time: 17th January 2019, 04:29 PM
Poster ID: sleazyryder
Post Title: 
 Intel on Tatbrad and Isabelle in South East Queensland SEQ
				
Post Content: 
The below two ladys have both been around for some time Tatbrad below

https://qld.locanto.com.au/ID_764631...reatments.html

and Isabelle below here .


https://qld.locanto.com.au/ID_315319...-brisbane.html

I was wondering if anyone has had an encounter with either worthy of a review.

Unsure but I thought there may be a review on Isabelle South American who is way older than her stated age (aren't they all?) and even though I can't find a review that doesn't mean there isn't one.

Both are prolific advertisers and that sends red flags up.

Cherie from Loganholme has many aliases and many threads in PML and does a pathetic massage and heavily advertisers on Gumtree. In fact she is about 1/5 of ads for PML's on Gumtree Brisbane region.
I kid you not.

So to be certain I am looking for anyone in SEQ or elsewhere who has seen Tatbrad who advertises on Locanto with the Aussie theme in many ads along with her tits but not revealed she is located on Northern GC and Issa who is around Kangaroo Point Brissie with many many many ads spamming Locanto. I have tried to hookup with Isabelle but she is almost impossible to see without going through a series of hoops.

If there are any reviews I would appreciate the links thanks guys. And gals..


SR.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 17th January 2019, 08:14 PM
Poster ID: sleazyryder
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
https://qld.locanto.com.au/ID_264426...x-therapy.html

https://qld.locanto.com.au/ID_272794...yevenings.html

https://qld.locanto.com.au/ID_245753...l-Calming.html

The above links belong to the one lady. Tatbrad is one of her accounts garold and Miss101 are two others.

The other is a lady who appears to be evasive. Issabelle South American loves spamming and sending texts to you.

Reply to this thread if you have seen either one or can point to a review thanks

SR.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 24th January 2019, 10:07 PM
Poster ID: niteowl
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I could be mistaken, but I think this is "Tatbrad" https://auxxxreviews.com/forum/f121/...ht=hope+island - if you google the number in this review (probably remove spaces) you'll find a few ads with the similar look and feel. I think I recall when wingman originally wrote the review, I followed the link to a typical Tatbrad ad.

I've definitely read at least one review for Issabelle once upon a time, but somehow I'm recalling there was nothing on offer but legit massage. Google the number and you'll find a link to a review on the other well known review site, so I may be wrong about that. I screwed up the login and went over my "24 hour quota", so I couldn't read the review to confirm.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 25th January 2019, 10:11 AM
Poster ID: sleazyryder
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Yes thanks for that Niteowl. Spot on with Jay. Or whatever name she is advertising this week.
Her ads remind me of Cherrie/Cherry aka Poppy aka just about every other working name you can think of.

She is at Logan and has various threads on the Qld PML section. Bryant's Road. She has multiple spam ads on Gumtree and can massage but is far from consistent, I would never recommend her. 
She is part of the glove brigade. (Those that feel the need to make you feel like you are a contagion ready to jump to the tugger.)

So thanks for that niteowl. 

As for Isabelle I have read the same and have assumed she simply loves playing games.(some are into the mindfuck as opposed to the real ones)

I have yet to see her and that indicates to me that she is all about playing games. Her pics are very old and I think I have seen some later pics that would indicate she is either in her 40's or she is a smoker. Or possibly both.

Fairly sure she is a spammer with issues. Wants to be in the movies but can't act for shit.

We all know the type. Out there without a cause save for self promotion.

So thanks guys. Isabelle likely has few reviews as she doesn't appear to have many opportunities to be reviewed as she is a time waster, once you have discovered this you really don't bother too much with her. Hence the vicious circle. No reviews.

Fairly sure there are a handful of PMLs who post around 80%+ of the ads on Locanto and Gumtree and simply spam without giving decent service.
In SEQ there is not a whole lot of variety. Don't get me wrong there is enough to see a new PML every month but you really need to drive for over an hour to reach the best ones from the GC.

Problem is there are lots of fly ins and temp PMLs. 

There are nowhere near as many PML's as in Sydney or indeed NSW.....

So in conclusion unless someone has had a session worthwhile reviewing with either of these two PMLs which clearly by the sole thread there hasn't been much activity it appears that spamming ad sites is the only trick these girls actually pull.

I will say Tatbrad mysteriously removed one of her accounts after having had one for over a year in that name and it no longer is on Locanto. That happened shortly after the question was put on this forum in Silver. Coincidence?

It appears Jay is more about spamming than working so IT is the indicator that the need for advertising is inversely proportional to the amount of clients and work one is engaged in.

Simple really.


SR.


