Thread Title: Lauren in Cheltenham (Vic) - a longitudinal study
Floor: #1
Post Time: 13th July 2015, 11:07 AM
Poster ID: Toad
Post Title: 
 Lauren in Cheltenham (Vic) - a longitudinal study
				
Post Content: 
Toad's been a bit constrained in recent times - there have been multiple dramas with family including one involving a massive brain bleed.  Punting and reports on punting have been severely constrained.

One report that is long overdue is this longitudinal study of Lauren.  By longitudinal, I mean several visits over e period of time to see what a long term customer relationship might deliver.  It was an interesting journey from February to April.

I've posted this study in the silver lounge because the nature and extent of detail is, I believe, not appropriate for broader circulation.  

First the provider details:

Person's Name: Lauren

 Establishment: Private

 Date of Visit: Several in February, March and April 2015

 Contact Details/Address/Weblink: Cheltenham massage nice space
 0406 250 877

 Hours of Business: Monday to Sunday 10am til 6pm

 Rates: My visits were always $150 for 90 minutes regardless of service level delivered

 Age: Late 40 to early 50

 Size/shape: Size 10 to 12 - nice shape - tasty b cups maybe a little more

 Nationality or Ethnicity: Australian

 Services Provided: Massage with various extras see text

 Value for money/recommend?: Yes

Now the detail.

Having seen an initial report on Lauren  I retrieved the Gumtree ad and made a call one Monday afternoon.  There was no answer but a few minutes later a call from a private number came through and Lauren apologised for having missed my call.  She wasn't available when I was hoping but after a couple of subsequent messages Toad was booked in and standing at the door of her unit somewhere in Cheltenham.

The first session started as others have reported - once Toad was on the table she returned to the room and announced that for the sake of her clothes she was going to do the lomi lomi topless.  It was expected, but still enjoyable.  This girl's lomi is GOOD and she doesn't spare the under-strokes between body and table, with many strokes severely teasing Toad's Tool.  Conversation was interesting - mostly centred on lifestyle and past experiences.  Toad's hands roamed freely and soon her leggings were on the floor - but that was the nominal limit for the day.  She explained that she had the monthly and that the nickers would have to stay on.  Well, they did, but that didn't stop Toad's fingers roaming inside them as well.  They did find the tell-tale string, but they also found an absolutely saturated pussy and no doubt that this girl was as horny as hell.  However there was not going to be anything more than digital arousal of pussy and clit, which was enough to bring her to a shuddering climax, after which she returned the favour for one of the most explosive handies Toad's Tool has experienced.

Second visit set the scene for an evolving series of delights.  No specific plans were made - the session was a "go with the flow" type, but her nickers were off very early and great pleasure was found in 90 minutes of mutual stimulation which included multiple fingers in her pussy and one in her bung hole.  When the flip came it got interesting - the cock massage was intense but then it became warm and wet as she bent low and swallowed Toad's Tool whole.  There was no cumming in her mouth though - the climax this time was delivered in the same way - blasting globs into orbit.

Third visit became more interesting.  Naked from the start and continuing the massive stimulation of her excellent lomi lomi.  This time Toad expressed a hunger for pussy to eat, which drew only an equivocal response.  However, patience is a virtue and after an extensive body slide on the back came the flip and this delightful wench massaging from above the head.  A further body slide was proposed and the idea accepted - except this time it was to be reverse.  She climbed on over the head of the table and straddled for a moment before lowering her tits and starting a very sensual and oily slide, with pussy right above nose.  Toad's hands guided her hips lower and as her mouth closed over the landing pin, her lips met mine.  The next ten minutes were absolute bliss with Toad's Tool deep in her throat and his tongue buried in a tasty wet snatch.  Yet despite all this, orgasm was not going to be allowed in this position and again the event concluded with a handie.

Session four might be regarded as the climax.  It seemed that every session was adding just a little.  Toad's fingers and tongue by now had well explored every orifice and her mouth was very familiar with Toad's Tool.  What would happen this time?  Well - the body slide was again a major feature - first on the back and again after the flip - except this time it was straight up - her feet near my feet and her head near my head.  Guess what other parts were near each other?  There was some majorly wicked cock teasing as her snatch slid up and down alongside and over its length.  She was having a ball with the tease as was I, but then it seemed to become too much for her and she indulged in her new game - "slipadictame" - as Toad's Tool became ensheathed in warm wet pussy.  What an awesome sensation - so much teasing and then the home run.  And it wasn't a quick slip either - this was deliberate lust driven pleasure and we were both stroking deliberately to maximise the pleasure.  But - pleasure must be controlled to some extent - the impending arrival of a Toad Geyser was announced and she was quickly dismounted - replacing pussy with hand to coax the greatest torrent yet, delivered all over her belly.

Visit five saw the tone wound back a fair way... but still with a twist.  Yes, pussy and tail were fully accessible for fingers but this time there was no tongue or cock access for Toad.  Instead, the still-great Lomi transitioned into a fire and ice blow job from Lauren standing beside the table.  She had said nothing about that plan, but had the hot water all ready from the oil warmer.  The sensation of warm water trickling from her mouth around the shaft and over the nuts was exquisite.

Visit six was the one that told me we had been to the mountain and back, with little certainty of a return.  Perhaps it was just that Lauren was tired or having an off day, but the massage lacked the previous effort and stimulation.  A change of provider was called for and so Lauren took her place on the table while Toad and his Tool took over the oil bottle.  However, no amount of stroking with either hands or cock, and no amount of pussy munching was going to give a rise to the level of lust that had previously been experienced.  Cock massage of the pussy and clit was permitted, but penetration was definitely off the agenda.  Still, a nice white coating was left again on her mons pubis and the dream of another in-depth exploration remained alive.

Only to be dashed on visit seven.  The massage was good, but not at the spectacular level of previous encounters.  The nickers stayed on and the hands, while roaming, encountered some reluctance.  The climax for the first time was a solo event and delivered via a still good but not awesome tug.  It was becoming clear that Toad's run of visits to Cheltenham's finest was coming to an end.

And so it was - a few days later the family dramas commenced and punting time was replaced by funerals and hospital visits.  I doubt that I'll get back to Lauren - better to remember with pleasure the delights - of which the finest was unarguably that list driven moment when she positioned Toad's Tool and slammed her snatch down on it.

For those who must ask and comment - yes, it was bareback.  Yes, I know the risks and the odds, and I'm happy to have accepted what this lady offered.  No correspondence will be entered into on the subject.  It was very clear that she does not fuck on every visit and it seemed to me that a pretty good connection was needed before anything got that far.  I do test regularly and there has been no problem arising from this encounter.

Others who have reported in the main thread seem to have had varied experiences.  I did hear from her about some of the oafish behaviour and downright disgusting experiences she has endured and can well understand why she has been choosy.  For me, as has always been the case, an attitude of respect with a touch of wickedness seems to have won the day, and the pussy.  What woman doesn't respond well to being told they are beautiful?  What woman, once even slightly aroused, doesn't respond well to being stimulated gently with touch and voice?  Perhaps in this case, it was also helpful to book 90 minutes up front.

There is a report that she may have stolen from one punter.  I never had any problem in that regard and in fact on most visits, payment wasn't requested until departure time - which meant that had she stolen she may have been discovered at payment time.  She did switch to pre-pay on the last couple of visits though.  My advice - as I have learned in another recent incident - take precautions to prevent theft and enjoy what this wench has to offer.  Get her going and she is great value.

As always - your mileage may vary - as mine did.  She's under no obligation.  But treat her well and your rewards may be many.

I'm always interested to hear what others experiences have been with Lauren.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 13th July 2015, 11:20 AM
Poster ID: mikemelb
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Condolences to you and the family. 

Great report and thank you sharing.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 13th July 2015, 11:36 AM
Poster ID: iceman
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Wow Toad you are the man! great report


Floor: #4
Post Time: 14th July 2015, 06:22 PM
Poster ID: Rodine
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks for sharing Toad, great read, engaging and well written.


Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk


Floor: #5
Post Time: 14th July 2015, 09:56 PM
Poster ID: hornykiwi
Post Title: 
 thanks
				
Post Content: 
thanks for the great review Toad and sorry to hear about your family troubles. Can I ask if she happened to have a bit clit or pussy lips as they are my fav


Floor: #6
Post Time: 16th July 2015, 11:08 AM
Poster ID: Toad
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Happy to share guys.

hornykiwi - if I remember clearly, the clit is pretty normal but the lips are long - to the extent that she talked about having them snipped shorter.  I too love lips clinging onto the shaft on the out stroke... Enjoy.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 17th July 2015, 07:18 PM
Poster ID: hornykiwi
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
thanks Toad, I managed to met up with Lauren yesterday and she gives a great massage. sadly this time I didn't get to her lips. It would be a shame if she did get them snipped


Floor: #8
Post Time: 12th October 2015, 03:35 PM
Poster ID: ipdaily
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
So after seeing lauren about 14 times or so i can confirm everything that Toad has reported.  I mean, i got a BBBJ on my first visit without even asking...

Once again YMMW - it all depends on the rapport you build with her...

Sent from my SM-G900I using Tapatalk


Floor: #9
Post Time: 9th April 2016, 03:07 PM
Poster ID: Billabong Bill
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by ipdaily


So after seeing lauren about 14 times or so i can confirm everything that Toad has reported.  I mean, i got a BBBJ on my first visit without even asking...

Once again YMMW - it all depends on the rapport you build with her...
eing at least. 
Sent from my SM-G900I using Tapatal
"""



I saw Lauren maybe ten times during 2015 - sad to see she is now out of the business - for the time being at least.

Our standard session involved me getting my hands down her pants and a finger up her snatch during the face-down (while she was fingering my arse and doing the body slide and Lomi Lomi business). On the flip, she would get her knickers down and I would thumb-fuck very enthusiastically to orgasm, while she would continue with a blow job and a very solid prostate massage. Most times we were able to coordinate to cum together. On just one occasion, I had her up on the table, facing me, with legs overlapping and my cock sliding up and down between her pussy lips. Very close to sliding in for a goal but not quite.o DATY attempted, but then again we had so much else going on it would have been hard to coordinate. 
. 
It was clear from our discussions that she had a few clients with whom she would get very horny with , the majority to whom she would give the standard Lomi Lomi and handjob, and then a fair number with bad manners or hygiene that she wouldn't tolerate and piss off as soon as possible. She's not the world's most gorgeous ML, but a pretty fair sort. Hope to see her back.


