Thread Title: Massage workers win unfair dismissal case against Canberra Foot and Thai
Floor: #1
Post Time: 12th March 2019, 10:44 AM
Poster ID: David Banks
Post Title: 
 Massage workers win unfair dismissal case against Canberra Foot and Thai
				
Post Content: 
This is a glimpse of how many ML's are treated....I don't thing this place even does RNT.

Two workers at a Belconnen massage parlour have won almost $40,000 in compensation after the Fair Work Commission found they were unfairly dismissed in 2015.

As well as the main finding, the former owner and supervisor of Canberra Foot and Thai are also facing up to a year in prison over concerns they gave false or misleading evidence in the hearing.

Canberra Foot and Thai in Belconnen now has new owners.
Canberra Foot and Thai in Belconnen now has new owners.
On the night of Sunday, October 26 2015, Delo Be Isugan ran away from the house in Higgins where she lived with other massage workers after she got word she would be fired and put on a plane back to the Philippines because her boss had discovered she was in a relationship with Bart Durado, a handyman at the business.

Evidence given to the Fair Work Commission was that Colin Kenneth Elvin, then the owner of the business, had told staff they were banned from having relationships in Australia, and on the day in question had been interviewing other staff about the relationship between the pair.

Mr Durado gave evidence that Mr Elvin and the manager Jun Millard Puerto had told him Ms Isugan would be sent back to the Philippines, so the escape plan was made between the couple. The day after Ms Isugan escaped the house with Mr Durado's help, Mr Durado was fired from his job.


The Fair Work Commission found Ms Isugan was owed $29,228.55, with superannuation and minus tax, while Mr Durado was owed $8000, with superannuation and minus tax.

While Ms Isugan left her employment, the Commission found she was "constructively dismissed," meaning she was forced to leave the job by the actions of her employer, in this case because Mr Elvin intended to send her back to the Philippines.

Deputy President John Kovacic said Ms Isugan's dismissal was "harsh, unjust and unreasonable" and Mr Durado's dismissal was "unjust and unreasonable".

Ms Isugan and Mr Durado said they were relieved at the outcome.

"We are just please at the outcome, that justice has been done at last," Mr Durado said.

Delo Be Isugan is taking her former employer to the Fair Work Commission, claiming she was unfairly dismissed.
'They're scared of you': Canberra massage parlour in unfair dismissal case

Ms Isugan said that while she is happy at her new job at True Balance massage in Belconnen, she still feels afraid after what she went through.

United Voice ACT secretary Lyndal Ryan said that while the case was extraordinary, it showed the vulnerability of workers in Australia where their working visa is sponsored by their employer.

"That was quite an extraordinary set of circumstances but we do hear of various threats being made particularly to people here on visas of one sort or another."

Ms Ryan wants the government to improve protections for overseas workers.

"There’s different versions of it happening everywhere where there's sponsored visas or people on student visas but unsure of their rights. People are wanting to keep their heads down, they're fearing what will happen."

RELATED ARTICLE

Employer allegedly threatened to kill families of underpaid massage parlour staff

While the decision has been handed down, elements of the case could still continue, after evidence given by Mr Elvin and Mr Puerto was referred to General Manager of the Fair Work Commission Bernadette O'Neill under the section of the Fair Work Act concerning giving false or misleading evidence.

If someone is found guilty of giving false or misleading evidence to the Fair Work Commission they face up to a year in prison.
Error


Floor: #2
Post Time: 12th March 2019, 07:53 PM
Poster ID: pancho
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
What an interesting occupation, Handy Man at a Massage Parlour.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 12th March 2019, 09:53 PM
Poster ID: JB
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Think that if more foreign/student workers were aware of their rights, post 7 Eleven, we'd be hearing a lot more of these cases...unfortunately most are limited to 20 hours per week under their student visa's but working 80 at quarter a fair rate!
Might change our $65 ph punt though!! Plus they live on their tips!!


Floor: #4
Post Time: 21st March 2019, 12:29 PM
Poster ID: sparksy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
From what I learnt yesterday there are no rules around employment in the massage industry. Apparently workers are hard to find here in Sydney but overseas workers are plentiful. Whilst getting a massage at a shop that I won’t name on Wednesday the young girl informed me that she had only been in Sydney a short while. When I enquired how short FMD she had flown in from Tokyo that morning, the mamasan had picked her up from the airport, rented an apartment room for her close to the shop and she would be working 7 days per week for a one month stint. She needs to earn $200 per week her share of shop money to pay the apartment rental before she turns a shop money dollar. Plus her tips off course. Should be pretty easy for her to do that at 7 days per week and she won’t spend much as she only has after 8pm at night to go anywhere. Probably just home to sleep after pulling cocks and massaging all day. It’s got me fucked how these shops do their accounting with no staff paying Tax etc and obviously no visa to work!!


Floor: #5
Post Time: 21st March 2019, 05:36 PM
Poster ID: sleazyryder
Post Title: 
 Got me wondering too...
				
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by sparksy


From what I learnt yesterday there are no rules around employment in the massage industry. Apparently workers are hard to find here in Sydney but overseas workers are plentiful. Whilst getting a massage at a shop that I won't name on Wednesday the young girl informed me that she had only been in Sydney a short while. When I enquired how short FMD she had flown in from Tokyo that morning, the mamasan had picked her up from the airport, rented an apartment room for her close to the shop and she would be working 7 days per week for a one month stint. She needs to earn $200 per week her share of shop money to pay the apartment rental before she turns a shop money dollar. Plus her tips off course. Should be pretty easy for her to do that at 7 days per week and she won't spend much as she only has after 8pm at night to go anywhere. Probably just home to sleep after pulling cocks and massaging all day. It's got me fucked how these shops do their accounting with no staff paying Tax etc and obviously no visa to work!
"""



Yes it's got the ATO fucked too..

Apparently they sent a couple of operatives in to investigate last year and haven't heard from them since...

Talking about turning a trick or two...

Operatives reportedly seen entering and exiting by the backdoor....

Ahem...


SR.


