Thread Title: Miki - WL - Sydney CBD  - 0404134903 (Silver lounge only please)
Floor: #1
Post Time: 6th September 2019, 07:54 PM
Poster ID: WickedWilly
Post Title: 
 Miki - WL - Sydney CBD  - 0404134903 (Silver lounge only please)
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Miki - private - 0404134903

Date of Visit : Last week of September 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.escortsandbabes.com.au/Profile/NSW/Sydney/Independent/Miki888/ 

Private Apartment, Sydney CBD - Near Wynyard

Phone : 0404134903

Hours of Business : Monday-Saturday 11:00-21:00 (seems to vary on closing time - best check)

Rates : rnt (nude hj), $150 60m, fs $300

Age : Very early 30's.

Size/shape : Size-6-8, 170cm, 52kg, tall for Chinese, Proportionately slim, Beautiful face

Nationality or Ethnicity : Mongolian Chinese

Services Provided : massage, nude hj, fs, etc

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments :

Miki is a regular for me for the past two years. I have done reviews in the public area.

As usual I wechat a couple of days before (her wechat is discoverable from the phone number). I booked 90m today, originally intended to be a massage, but things escalated in a pleasant way... she basically up-sold me in a major way.

Door opens, and there she is, in a QiPao again. Not the same as last time, much shorter, more legs, I was sprung after the first hug. I am ordered into the shower. When I come out, shes there again, with a cheeky expression, asking me if I want to do something a little more fun before the massage, I had the cash, so, hell yeah. 

QiPao, no panties. Big brain sees this was a setup - she knows my fetish and is prepared to exploit it and I am weak and I have the $450. She appears horny.

Our hands are roaming, my hands find the silky material of the dress is thin, hugging her cute smooth butt. Next thing we are in the bedroom, I am naked, all she removed was the bra, all that is left is that sexy QiPao. 

I'm on my back getting a good bbbj and my left hand is getting acquainted with her shaven pussy, time passes, and shes got a dom on me. Next that little QiPao is hitched up further, and its game on.

Round 1 - cowgirl in a QiPao. I'm not going to lie, this was something that has been on my bucket list and it was absolutely brilliant. It must have showed on my face because she was laughing at how happy I was looking - well I was in heaven to be honest and this goes on for many minutes. The dress finally comes off.

Round 2 - she's wearing out, and I am not going to blow anytime soon with this dom on, so she gets off and decides its time to play little spoon. My energy levels are good, but I am taking it slow, as deep as I can from this angle, and enjoying the cuddle, some neck kisses - many minutes pass - but my hardon is still good to go.

Round 3 - my turn to decide, yab-yum style position, I sit up and have her sit facing me in as I get back inside-her. This is a favorite of mine especially with smaller girls that I can lift, but Miki is a bit taller for that, but we will make it work. This one is much deeper so long as I can maintain the pelvic tilting and control her butt with my hands. She alternately leans back to get it deeper, and then close for body hugs. I am again in heaven.

Round 4 - she wants doggy, so she gets doggy. Somehow I am still nowhere near blowing, but I realize I am getting knackard and the only way I am getting over the line is by finishing in mish.

Round 5 - shes rested, I am not, so I get on my back, she mounts in reverse cow-girl and is off like a rocket - shes making sure I get a good show and is making the most of what I have, almost all out, all the way in, after a while she wants to lie down, but I decide to try something else

Round 6 - I lie back and have her lie back on top of me (so both facing up) without her letting my cock escape, I have her close her legs and then work my pelvis like a mad man. God knows what you call this - upside down prone bone maybe - idk), but she seemed to like it, I get one hand round an press down on her pelvis to seal the deal, and then move in for the clit for a while - this needs care, she is sensitive now. A couple of minute of this and I reach the limit of what I can do, so ask for mish

Round 7 - I've decide this is the last round. We are both getting pretty knackard, I slow right down and get cuddly and kissy. A little digital clit assistance from me and shes round tickling my tackle and working her muscles to keep me hard. Taking the cue I pick up the pace, while I am still at full and have some energy left, I know this is the home run. Minutes pass and I am really working hard now, shes gone too - calling out some stuff frantically in mandarin and then I'm coming and coming and then wham its all over.

I collapse. She removes the condom and cleans me and is then off to the shower. I don't follow even though I want to shower with her, because honestly I was absolutely and completely fucked.  My legs were like jelly  and I would not have been able to stand.. After I recover, I shower.

She massages my back and asks me to stay for some food, which she makes for me and I gladly accept. Was allowed a bit of overtime today, but after a while I had to leave as I had meetings to go to.

This was a peak sexual experience for me. 

The whole thing was bloody amazing.


