Thread Title: Parramatta fake ads
Floor: #1
Post Time: 15th February 2016, 03:59 PM
Poster ID: oatlands
Post Title: 
 Parramatta fake ads
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Tina / Leah

Establishment : Parramatta Motel

Date of Visit : 2016.01.15

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 

Feel free to enquire about your deepest desires and I may just be willing to assist. - Sydney escorts - backpage.com

I am ready to reveal the secrets of sweet pleasure to you - Sydney escorts - backpage.com

So just whisper to me what you are into....I will be here for you... - Sydney escorts - backpage.com

Hours of Business : any time

Rates : typically anywhere from 150 per half hour and 220 or 250 per hour

Age : says 20-22, but looks like high 30's, early 40's

Size/shape : 2/10

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : CBJ / FS

Value for money/recommend? : avoid!

My experience/comments : 

There's a lot of fake ads on backpage / locanto / crackers as some of you might have noticed, and they all typically have fake pics.
To test my theory, I contacted Tina in Parramatta and another lady in Parramatta whom I forget the name of. Same response for both mobiles, and same address. A motel in Parramatta, Great Western Highway near Westfield.
Rocked up at 9pm and was fronted with a lady that looked like she was about 45, which I conveyed to her....in which she responded, you can go if you want. So I did!
Went downstairs to drive off, and received a call from an unknown number asking if I wanted to see another girl - and I thought why not? Maybe they're just trying to move people around to sort out the serious punters??

Rocked up to another room, and was fronted by a relatively ok looking lady, probably in mid-30s. Extremely dark room and messy bed - and throught...fuk this, im going home!

Avoid these ppl!


Floor: #2
Post Time: 15th February 2016, 06:05 PM
Poster ID: Jack Kerouac
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hi oatlands, 

Thanks for the research.

I see those photos on Backpage et al and get all hot and bothered

I think, "This must be the Mother Lode" only to find it's merely pyrite!

Thanks again

Jsck


Floor: #3
Post Time: 16th February 2016, 09:23 AM
Poster ID: hamandcheese
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks for the heads up.  I have been seeing those ads myself.  I have noticed a general increase in dodgy ads and also behviour in punter land lately (last 6 months). Since all of my long time regulars have moved on or retired I find myself looking for some new regulars. To be honest... not having much luck.  There seems to be a flooded market with I high probability of disappointment. It's a good thing this forum is here as I'm finding it quite valuable lately.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 16th February 2016, 11:16 AM
Poster ID: WOTAN01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Overall it is probably better and safer to stick with shops you know have good providers.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 20th February 2016, 10:00 AM
Poster ID: aussie_guy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by WOTAN010


Overall it is probably better and safer to stick with shops you know have good providers
"""



While I agee with this, I think some punters might enjoy seeking new and unexplored frontiers in the punting game. There's always a bit of anxiety and excitement turning up to see a WL that you've never seen before, not knowing what she's going to be like in terms of both looks and service. 

Some punters even seem to have a thing for seeing WLs that have had bad reviews. I've seen plenty of times where a WL will get bad reviews and then punters will enquire about contact details or ask if her service has improved. Personally I will avoid WLs that have had a consensus of bad reviews. However, there seems to be punters out there that either have a thing for wanting to pay for poor service, or they get a kick out of trying to tame a shrew. Those aren't for me though. I'd rather avoid WLs that remind me that I'm paying for sex with someone that doesn't want to be having sex with me.


