Thread Title: Recommendations near Sydney Central Station
Floor: #1
Post Time: 17th May 2019, 11:40 AM
Poster ID: pizzaman
Post Title: 
 Recommendations near Sydney Central Station
				
Post Content: 
Recommendations for anything near Sydney Central Station
Was going to try Lea at Paddington 244 but she works on Tuesday


Floor: #2
Post Time: 17th May 2019, 12:02 PM
Poster ID: David Banks
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Massage at Central and Silver Fox are both good....and nearby


Floor: #3
Post Time: 17th May 2019, 12:08 PM
Poster ID: sleazyryder
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Just a suggestion pizzaman but you have yet to inspire other members on the forum with your level of Thanks gratitude or even appreciation of a sense of humour.

The buttons at the bottom of your dialogue box are meant for use. Thank like dislike funny post chillax. Clearly labelled and you have yet to use any. 
Why is that? 
Acknowledging others who answer questions whose intel you utilise is going totally unappreciated by yourself.

I don’t mean to be terse however the idea of this forum is to interact with others and that should include using some or all the tools of the forum.

Perhaps you are not able to read those tools due to the platform you are using.

Possibly you are not computer or tech literate.

To answer your question there are locations close to Central Station in nearby Chinatown and Surry Hills  Foveaux Street where you can find plenty of RnT action including Thai Massage TCM Medicine Clinics and Chinese parlours along with Kings Court in nearby Broadway. All within 10 to 15 minutes walking distance from Central.

Best of luck.

SR.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 17th May 2019, 11:21 PM
Poster ID: brauninc
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by David Banks


Massage at Central and Silver Fox are both good....and nearb
"""



Don't forget our good friends at 6 poplar st Surry hills, that is on the way to 244 Paddington, or full service, 429a pitt st, 206 commonwealth,359 riley st,


