Thread Title: Reviews and The Law
Floor: #1
Post Time: 30th January 2015, 11:00 AM
Poster ID: milkyjoe
Post Title: 
 Reviews and The Law
				
Post Content: 
Hey, so some and hopefully most of us here will know there are certain laws involved with f/s and with massage shops in the punting world on what can be offered etc. and these laws also vary from state to state.

Now I personally don't want to be getting any shops or people in trouble but I was just hoping I could get some opinions thrown about on whether you leave out the fact you got a bj in a massage only shop or the fact you got a bbbj in qld or maybe the fact you visted a WL at her place in victoria. And whether it is necassary to leave this information out or even if a modarator would let me know on what they think is the best option involving some of these scenarios.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 30th January 2015, 12:20 PM
Poster ID: blah666
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I won't leave out details of services provided in the silver forums. Different for bronze (not that I review there anymore).

Silver is supposed to be private enough that it shouldn't matter. 

However if it has taken me a few sessions to get more than is offered on a first visit, I generally won't say anything as it's a case of YMMV.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 30th January 2015, 01:36 PM
Poster ID: andrewblake
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
[COLOR=#0000ff]



			
				Ok, this has been a hot topic.

From now on the code for extras will be as follows.

They offered me some herbaltea = Tackle Tickle

The incense was pleasant and lite = a HJ

The place was spotless with ????? = a Blowjob

No extras on offer = hot sex on tap

As quoted by AdminXXX in jest
			
		





			
				The shop was closed = I paid an extra $100 for the goat.. As quoted by Flyboy
			
		

[/COLOR]

OK.. the above quotes were posted by senior members in a previous thread and "taken" out of context!.. lol

In seriousness..

Silver is secure as mentioned before but not secure.. sic quote my previous intro to this who are "silver"

How you review and post and "list" the certain services is up to you..

But just bear in mind that the internet is a big wide place and no matter how much you think what maybe posted is "secure" it can still be found and interpreted..

So "abide" by your individual state laws without "detouring" from the review and its structure in providing a "detailed" account..

I know for a fact that other forums such as PP have a "code" system that is use by some to allude to services.. but if you were not from that part of "town" may find it difficult to decipher?.. But i am sure most would get the general idea of what "maybe" on offer?..

So post what you think is suitable and right without "breaking" the law.. 

AB


Floor: #4
Post Time: 31st January 2015, 12:10 PM
Poster ID: EvilGenius
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
The crazy part about the law is that a tug is classified as a sexual service in exactly the same way as FS (at least that is the case in NSW, Vic and Qld). An excerpt from the definition of Sex Work in the Victorian Sex Work Act:





			
				....
and, for the purposes of this definition,
a person may be regarded as being
masturbated whether or not the genital
part of his or her body is clothed or the
masturbation results in orgasm;
			
		

So the law views a tug in the same light as FS. But if we left out any mention of illegal things, reviews of R&Ts would be pretty boring things ...

Now, I doubt that reviews would be admissible evidence in Court, but there are certainly people (or perhaps one person) who has on several occasions sent bundles of reviews to Councils as a "dossier of evidence" to back up his complaints about "illegal" brothels.

I think that when considering what details to post in reviews in Silver you should also remember it is possible to buy a Silver membership - something that could be (not necessarily is being) be done by a PI operating on a fee plus expenses or a Council inspector with petty cash.

Of course, there are other forums out there that show little restraint about what is posted, and some of the massage shops are advertising on clearly adult oriented websites.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 31st January 2015, 12:17 PM
Poster ID: andrewblake
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks EG.. Always count on you..


Floor: #6
Post Time: 31st January 2015, 12:25 PM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
There is one related thing to emphasise.

The Cardinal Sin

In a state such as Vic where the government attempts to regulate the sex industry, showing a review in an attempt to obtain extra service could be judged as blackmail.

If the service is disappointing, post a review and take advantage of the superb AuXXX resource to
reduce the risk of it happening again.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 31st January 2015, 12:48 PM
Poster ID: hard
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I think overall, we simply rely on the fact that resources for enforcement of the law and breaches of compliance are stretched very thin and unless there is a major headline that forces action then nothing much will happen. The NSW govt seems to have bigger fish to fry.

This in spite of declarations by that certain "one person" to continue a mindless vendetta. However, this year may see some more of some trashy SMH exposé from the usual suspects.

As Irish lawyer and politician John Philpot Curran first said, “The condition upon which God hath given liberty to man is eternal vigilance.”

I'll bet Mr Curran was a punter...


Floor: #8
Post Time: 31st January 2015, 01:42 PM
Poster ID: EvilGenius
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by hard


.... However, this year may see some more of some trashy SMH exposé from the usual suspects. ..
"""



There is a State election coming up ... Before the last one, there was the series of "Amsterdam of the South Pacific" articles in the Telegraph and Mr O'Farrell's promise of "tough new laws" ... I think we are very likely to see a number of similar newspaper articles this time around. But this is going a bit off topic ...


Floor: #9
Post Time: 31st January 2015, 02:19 PM
Poster ID: WOTAN01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
True EG, has not been much from Mr Duff recently so sure it will come in NSW soon.

As has been said everyone needs to write their Review based on the laws of the land.


