Thread Title: Rotal Lanna Thai Massage West Pennant Hills
Floor: #1
Post Time: 27th December 2019, 10:25 PM
Poster ID: Just_some_guy
Post Title: 
 Rotal Lanna Thai Massage West Pennant Hills
				
Post Content: 
The reason this is here and not the general reviews section is that the place is about 99% a legit shop and I know the boss wouldn't appreciate punters with expectations. (If the mods feel this should be elsewhere, or nowhere at all, I'm good with that)

I've been in there about 7-8 times, the first being for a regular remedial massage, and I liked what I got, so I've been back since when I wasn't looking for or expecting any extras. Everything about the place makes it seem legit. The rooms are nice, but small and with walls that don't go all the way to the ceiling.  If you have a chatty neighbour, you'll hear everything.

One afternoon not long before Xmas Noi noticed me really enjoying the inside leg massage and pushed the boundaries further than before.  On the flip she hinted that if I wanted anything else she would have to charge me a lot extra. "What you want" I indicated a HJ and we negotiated $50.  I probably should have haggled a little, I wasn't looking for her to strip or anything further than the HJ, but her regular massage has been great in the past and I thought this might be a nice pre Xmas gift for myself.  Her HJ was great with a good gentle working of the balls as well.  Cleaned up after I was done and still gave me a great head massage to finish.

She was also careful to point out that I should not ask other girls for (HJ motion).  Which I'm OK with, even if some of those are younger and more attractive.  I've been once since and had a regular massage from another staff member, and there was absolutely no sign of any extras.

Person's Name : Noi (probably the Manager/Owner)

Establishment : Royal Lanna Thai Massage

Date of Visit : Dec 2019, Monday

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Royallannathaimassage-Clinic

Phone : 02 9446 9859

Hours of Business : 7 Days - 10am - 8pm

Rates : Varies, $60-$70 an hour

Age : Early 40s

Size/shape : Curvy, Short

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Body + HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes, but YMMV.  Don't go here expecting extras


Floor: #2
Post Time: 28th December 2019, 09:27 AM
Poster ID: sparksy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Congratulations Just some guy, that’s an awesome get and continues to prove the point that if you are clean, respectful and nice, anything, anywhere is possible.

Keeps all these places in business with the thrill of the chase, they are not stupid, always businesswoman first!


