Thread Title: Shae @ Tempe (temporarily) was n wank.
Floor: #1
Post Time: 20th December 2018, 06:44 AM
Poster ID: sleazyryder
Post Title: 
 Shae @ Tempe (temporarily) was n wank.
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Shae @ Tempe (temporally) wax n wank.

Establishment : PML and braz

Date of Visit : December 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.gumtree.com.au/s-ad/temp...ist/1191786825

Phone : 0444 520 054

Hours of Business : By appointment but flexible Mon to Sat 10am till 7pm ah by arrangement

Rates : $90 braz first time $70 subsequent visits. $50 for a 30 min massage $90 for 60 massage plus extra (he)

Age : 33 yoa.

Size/shape : size 14 E cups big bust on top wide load 16 to 18 hips and arse. Strawberry blonde. Yummy.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie as they cum. Caucy 

Services Provided : Wax (braz) and one hour massage plus hj.

Value for money/recommend? : For waxing it Depends. For Massage most definitely as it was an excellent massage.

My experience/comments:
Saw Shae’s ad on Gumtree. Was looking for an alternate waxer as my go to lady has some family issues and has had less availability so was thinking it was a better idea to have backup hence the search for an alternate wax wanker.
Funny how there are more expert wax n wankers available in the Aussie or European flavours than Asians. 
The Asians I know get off causing you pain and are far from professional. One at Oatlands near North Parramatta springs to. Mind. There are many who are just woeful who wax because they just don’t give a shit. Take the money give a painful wax and get paid for inflicting pain on these Aussie bastards. Or rather that’s what it feels like.

Shae has a unit inside an industrial building in Bridge Street Tempe. Just south of Marrickville.
Says she is moving soon as the bf gets outa gaol later this week. Has a heap of problems but if you see her just make certain she is on her own. Asking the question is the easiest way of finding out.
Shae is a pretty faced girl. Wide arse and big tits. Great cleavage

The waxing part was quick but way more painful than my go to lady on the Northside.
Shae has dyskinesia a movement disorder which she is unaware of and goes about working with this condition and it appears as though she has adapted fairly well.
It is I believe a very mild case of CP for those interested. Nonetheless awareness means knowledge and knowledge is empowering. Especially if you pay attention to the detail.

So wax was finished in record time ouch ouch ouch.

Did the job but failed to cleanup excess wax. Not great at the detail clearly.

Now the massage was well worth the wait. She got me to change ends on the table. Got naked from the waxing. Undies off already. Showing a part boner during the wax part.

Face down covered with half the body with a long bath sheet. Worked on one half of the body then the other. Wasn’t sure if there would be extras available but she had no qualms about getting into the groin region and massaging in the bum crack.

Massage was surprisingly good. So much so this lass may well be an alternative go to lady for massage.

Now I allow the masseuse to do their own routine first up. There was a bit of banter that continues through the waxing and well into the massage. I find engaging them in conversation is the best way to put them at ease.
She was a little have a chat but was quiet when I was. So respectful is a good thing.
Now her technique was excellent and she didn’t miss any spots.
My regular massage goes for 90 mins to 2 hours and I find an hour way to short. 

After she had completed both sides and done areas requested a bit more  thoroughly .she said she was finished.
I then said do you mind doing a bit more.

She said Would you like a happy ending.
 I said sure why not?

She said that is normally extra. I said no worries. 

She then commenced an above average handy.

Was not allowed to touch save for hand on arse.

She has a few medical health issues. She has clammy hands ( Not noticeable when oiled up for massage).
She perspires an awful amount for a lass of her age.

Don’t be put off by that. She clearly is not doing extras or if she ever offers or does them she is not at the moment.

Don’t push her.

Think repeat business might turn a different attitude.

All up I gave her 4 pineapples. Probably a lobster too much but she gratefully accepted.

At least it wasn’t cash up front.

6/10 for the waxing

8/10 for the massage.

8/10 for the handy. 

7.33/ 10 for the overall experience.


Shae is a very pleasant individual. Driven by a bit of an obsessive personality but clear minded and rather refreshing in attitude.

I asked the question about her introduction to the world of wax and massage and she came from a beauty school background.

I can recommend her for both services. Perhaps a bit more direction would work better when she is doing the waxing. But the massage following the wax is excellent. Next time she will know what I want so that will happen automatically at the end of the massage.
If she hadn’t been so quick at asking about the handy likely I would have requested more massage.

Nothing worse than arranging for a longer massage on spec only to be disappointed and finding it necessary to remain and be tortured for the time allocated.

Why in silver?
A bit more discerning than open forum.

Says she will be moving soon. Surroundings are less than salubrious but made up for with skills and smiles.

Enjoy.

Any questions ask here on this thread.

Thanks.


SR.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 20th December 2018, 04:28 PM
Poster ID: Crofter
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Damn fine review and I’m also looking for an alternate wax dame now that mines AWOL and St Mary only on the cards if I’ve got other reason to be out West of West.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 20th December 2018, 07:06 PM
Poster ID: sleazyryder
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by Crofter


Damn fine review and I'm also looking for an alternate wax dame now that mines AWOL and St Mary only on the cards if I've got other reason to be out West of West
"""



Unfortunately my PM is not functional so I cannot return anyone's PM's hence the statement above.

As has been stated in another thread I have asked my waxing lady if she would be open to having more clients. She has been very firm on this point. I have asked her many times so the question raises itself in this thread. 
I would like to be able to give her details but am constrained in doing so by the distinct lack of permission and consent. Indeed to the contrary and there you have it. 
Perhaps next year when a number of her female regulars have popped off this mortal coil. And then again perhaps not. You see I must be careful not to push too far or too hard. No after all is the word most of us fear.
Over 95% of her clients are women. I might be one of her only male clients. If that is the way she wants it so be it.

Do some research google some gals there are many in the Northern Shores of SinCity. 

I must respect her wishes. She brings the old adage of 'You are never too old to learn new things!'  To mind.

I really think she would not suit those who are younger in age on this forum.

I do have someone who might be up for a wax and a wank besides Shae who also is on the Lower North. Indeed possibly within spitting distance..

Please have a little patience and I will get back to you re this end.

SR.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 9th January 2019, 12:07 PM
Poster ID: sleazyryder
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Has anyone seen Shae for a wax or indeed massage ? She appears to have become busy and I think she may be moving soonish so this gem might get quiet when she moves if she does that is.

Would appreciate if any other members would review and give further scope on this lady.

The massage is very good however without other members reviewing then it can only be one dimensional.

Not that I cannot see things through the kaleidoscope of colour without squinting..

Still I think if you enjoy pain and good massage you too can combine the wax n wank kind of event to pleasure.

Don't forget to review and wax lyrically..

SR.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 11th January 2019, 11:34 PM
Poster ID: sleazyryder
Post Title: 
 Excellent massage enjoyable ending a true Gem.
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Shae

Establishment : PML Wax Braz

Date of Visit : Jan 2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://www.gumtree.com.au/s-ad/temp...ist/1191786825

Phone :0444520054

Hours of Business : 10am to 7 pm Mon to Fri. AH by arrangement only.

Rates : Wax Braz $90 first visit then $70 subsequent massage $50 for 30 mins $90 one hour plus $50 happy ending.

Age : 33

Size/shape : 14 on top 16 to 18 on bottom. Junk in the trunk if ya no wot I mean! E cups with cleavage.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie eh!

Services Provided : Massage and HE.

Value for money/recommend? : Absolutely

My experience/comments : 

Saw Shae after New Years. Difficult getting an appointment as she has been busy with work.
I am really glad I returned to get the massage. She does an excellent massage which is very firm but has many sensual elements in it.
I particularly like the fact she starts off with covering one side of your torso with a couple of towels and commences working with great firm pressure working her way around the glutes and into the perineum and you can be sure she will not shy away from any of your sensitive parts. She has a great handle on massage and does a very thorough job of ensuring she works out all the knots. She then moves the towels and does the other half of your torso.
She will divide your body into four parts and massage right left sides then top including back and then bottom including legs and glutes etc

Not always in that order.

Simply put she is very thorough and has great touch and is aware unlike others that doing the sensual side really works best if you ensure that decent pressure is applied. This means concentrating on all of your back legs and front without indulging in too much targeting of the tackle.

Some lasses just try and go lite on the pressure and concentrate on sensuality rather than the massage. These styles whilst pleasant leave you feeling ripped off and lead to buyers remorse and lack of return visits. When after a while you simply forget then you get the memory back upon visiting for the subsequent reminder that the massage is far from satisfactory.

I can say with confidence Shae gives really great pressure thorough massage and of course a wonderful wank.
She is not in any hurry and gives you the full time plus a little extra time on the end.

The massage is very good and the style is one for those who appreciate cake with the icing as the last thing to eat.

Just a cautionary note. She doesn't do nude or any other extras afaik however it is early days and perhaps more may be available when she is comfortable.

Now $50 for a clothed handy is on the exy side but well worth the money

So $140 for the hour with the tip.

As far as I am concerned it is better to know what quality is on offer rather than always punting and enduring disappointment. This happens way more than finding a gem.

Shae is a Gem as she has excellent massage skills. A little on the exy side for Sydney however worth every cent.

Massage and handy 8.5/10
Looks 7/10
Personality pleasant and friendly.

Clothing leggings and a plunging neckline top with cleavage on show.

Remember treat her with respect and go without expectations.
Nothing more is on offer here but if you want to just get the massage and head to the Inner West you will really appreciate the massage. 
That being said the handy is up there with the best of them.

Enjoy. 

BTW she is available during school hours during school terms. Just note this if you wish to book.


SR.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 16th January 2019, 01:19 PM
Poster ID: milfaddict
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
FYI she must have liked me when she massaged me as she offered me a cheaper rate and definitely insinuated more than a HJ would be available now that she was comfortable with me.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 16th January 2019, 02:16 PM
Poster ID: sleazyryder
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by milfaddict


FYI she must have liked me when she massaged me as she offered me a cheaper rate and definitely insinuated more than a HJ would be available now that she was comfortable with me
"""



 Young Milfy. What makes you think I was not offered something else?

Thing is I have reviewed Shae as others would find her. The intel now outed and you well know YMMV applies always.

BTW welcome back.

The cautionary tale is in the fact that her personal situation is a precarious one. In my OP I have disclosed information that should elucidate the issue of ensuring she is alone when attending her for whatever service you are purchasing from her.

Read the partner has serious issues and you really don't want to buy into that.

If you saw her last year whilst the partner was incarcerated then likely you may have been offered something else.

I am however privy to further information that suggests the extent of what may be on offer has a very strict limitation and would not be offered to all and sundry therefore your post should be read with caution.


Okay!


SR


Floor: #8
Post Time: 11th March 2019, 02:53 AM
Poster ID: sleazyryder
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
To those who have yet to try Shae perhaps it would be advisable to be aware that her circumstances are somewhat dodgy.

Her partner /boyfriend is giving her trouble. Be aware that if you see her the likelihood of him being outside or in close proximity and likely listens to the happenings in the unit.

He has moderate to severe Mental Health issues. He is well known to the local Police and it has reached the point where it has changed from being a little uncomfortable to being unsettling.

Shae certainly has a right to work and earn money however safety first is my motto. It would also be very remiss of me to not point out the facts that the boyfriend is unstable and can turn on a dime. The issue being he is very controlling and now has control over her phone. That means if you give details he probably will have them. So please watch out and do not disclose anything personal you do not wish to share with others. Read it as not being secure by a long shot.

So be aware and wary. I will post when the situation changes. The massage is still one of the best around more's the pity.

Thanks 


SR.


Floor: #9
Post Time: 2nd May 2019, 06:01 PM
Poster ID: sleazyryder
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Shae is a decent punt once more. The boyfriend has a job that keeps him clear of the place and he is seldom there. 
Additionally she is in a much better place anxiety wise. It appears keeping him in gainful employment is the key to happiness and harmony here.

Whilst it is getting busier for her now she and her clients are not having to be aware of the lurker May I make the suggestion that if you want a half decent massage that you simply give her as much notice as possible. A few days works best for myself and as she rarely has time on demand planning ahead by booking ahead is the way to go ...

She is way more relaxed and if you are looking for an Aussie Caucy Chicky then this gal fits the part. She does not like to strip or indeed offer anything other than decent massage with a clothed handy. But time will tell....

Meanwhile it’s safe to go back in the water....

Enjoy. Best booked a week in advance if you can use a calendar...


However not yet suitable for the main forum threads... Thanks to the Mod Squad...

SR.


Floor: #10
Post Time: 12th May 2019, 01:59 PM
Poster ID: sleazyryder
Post Title: 
 Wax and a w.
				
Post Content: 
If you are looking for a wax and wank I will make the suggestion that Shae is one of the better options. 
The thing about waxing is reminding yourself of a misspent youth..

Getting the cane at Skewl...lotsa fun but it is a lot better having a Milf waxing your privates then if required wanking you to alleviate your sense of humour.....

I know sick twisted fuck...that's me hehehe..

Getting the fuzz removed and highlight those sessions with the other half or the punt of the day.. oh alright the week then...

Best to try her out if you haven't already... she is a lovely lass... don't go in with expectations she will get her gear off. Just relax and go with the flow.

Lesser your expectations but tell her once she is half way through ripping your sac if you would like the massage converted to a wank or sensual style if that is your objective. 
Myself I prefer to have the massage and enjoy the wandering hands. You should ask for a sensual style if you want the ending happy. She knows how to massage and has a unique style of massage as she divides your torso in two hemispheres. Not top and bottom halves like most. Rather left and right sides divided by yep you guessed it your bum crack!

Btw be patient if you send her a text. She does not always answer straight away but if you ply her with texts then you won't be seen... which is fair enough. Additionally be respectful. You should be polite and to the point but aware not to suggest anything crude or sexual. Ask for a wax if desired and specify the area. Braz or Manz are the terms and for the massage just the time of the length. One hour is good first up.

The Braz takes around 30 mins and fullbody wax up to around 90 mins. Suggest you go small at first and if you like then second visit...

She is polite pleasant and courteous treat her well. I.e. behave...


SR.


