Thread Title: Siam Nakara Bexley Thai & Remedial Massage
Floor: #1
Post Time: 9th August 2018, 05:17 PM
Poster ID: milfaddict
Post Title: 
 Siam Nakara Bexley Thai & Remedial Massage
				
Post Content: 
Anyone tried this place? Located at 447 Forest Rd, Bexley, and seems to be quite new. Has a more ''professional'' feel. I am going for a massage in the vicinity and wanted a heads up if anyone had tried here.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 9th August 2018, 05:56 PM
Poster ID: wachumba
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
May have changed management recently but I suspect it was a legit shop before. They had a Groupon when it first opened maybe 6 months ago. They had photos with both male and female therapists but it appears their website has changed and the Facebook page I originally saw is no longer exists.

There looks to be 2 different websites for this place when googling but neither of those is what I saw before.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 9th August 2018, 06:21 PM
Poster ID: milfaddict
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
https://www.siamnakara.com.au/

That is their current website. I guess it will have to be TOFTT unless someone else posts. They definitely only have female therapists working here.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 9th August 2018, 10:24 PM
Poster ID: wachumba
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I think https://bexleythaiandremedialmassage.com/ is more current as it has Winter specials listed and dont think the shop existed last winter.

Googling the phone number also brings up a Mr Suphatcha Metcalfe at this address.  https://www.whitecoat.com.au/remedia...etcalfe/933872

My guess was that he was the original owner who has now sold it and left the phone for the new staff.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 12th August 2018, 05:57 PM
Poster ID: milfaddict
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I have had a massage here, and so has a friend, and both times extras were not hinted at or offered. I am leaning toward this being a 100% legit place, with the exception of the odd worker who has done extras in other places perhaps bending the rules and offering them here.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 13th August 2018, 08:59 PM
Poster ID: wanderlust
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I have only frequented this venue once and it seemed completely legit to me. The Thai massage shop at the Harrow Rd end of the Forest Rd strip does offer extras IIRC at above Chinese shop prices. There is a Chinese shop in between these 2 establishments where anything goes.

Cheers, wanderlust.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 11th September 2019, 12:23 PM
Poster ID: nmitch59
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Emmy (Amy?)

Establishment : Siam Nakara

Date of Visit : 5/9/2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://bexleythaiandremedialmassage.com/

Phone : 0478 946 428

Hours of Business : M-S 10am to 9pm

Rates : 30M for $40 - see website for more details

Age : mid 20s

Size/shape : 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Massage, HJ - more on offer

Value for money/recommend? : yes

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)

Have passed this place a couple of times and decided to take the plunge.

When I cam in there were two ladies counting and dividing up some cash.  They were not in traditional Thai massage clothing but regular street clothes leading me to believe that it may not be as strict in terms of extras.  The girls were a chunky girl with tattoos on her thigh under her short denim skirt.  The one was in a white T Shirt and jeans.  Must have been her turn as she approached me and took me to the curtained area.  There are three beds.  we were in the middle one with the furthest one already occupied.  Paid the $40 and undressed and waited on the bed.

Whilst I was waiting someone came in and went to the first bed - so we had a full house.

The massage started like a normal Thai Massage and I was relaxed and enjoying it.  She was not bad.  Because there are no walls, I heard when the guy in the bed next to me was asked to turn over and then there was a lot of whispering haha - we all know what that means.

Sure enough when it was my turn to turn over I discovered that Emmy (Amy) had lost the jeans and had on a short sarong type skirt and as soon as I turned she asked "Is there anything else I can help you with" whilst she ran her nails over my chest.  When I asked what she had in mind, she grasped my dick.  She wanted $30 for a HJ but I got her back to the normal $20 at other establishments.  I asked what else she did and CBJ and FS is available.  How you keep the noise down was my first thought.

As I had only a limited amount of time I declined on the CBJ and FS and just went for the HJ.

She was very skilled and kept going till I was done.

Hot towels and a wipe down and I was good to go.

Works M-Thur.

Would go back and sample the other girls


