Thread Title: Silver news and notice board - Admins and Mods announcements
Floor: #1
Post Time: 21st May 2015, 11:02 PM
Poster ID: andrewblake
Post Title: 
 Silver news and notice board - Admins and Mods announcements
				
Post Content: 
CHAPS,

Can we please make it a habit to fill in the template in full..

It helps others who may "speed read" or quick glance grab the details of the review..

By doing so you help others and other members would extend the courtesy to you by filling in their template..

It is a two way street..

It just doubles the Mods/Admins work load in tiding up reviews and posts..

AB


Floor: #2
Post Time: 4th February 2016, 04:26 PM
Poster ID: nextlif
Post Title: 
 SILVER MEMBERSHIP - Review Posting Requirements.
				
Post Content: 
The Admin/Mod team have become aware of a number of Silver members who have not met their review posting obligations. We would like to remind everyone that membership to this Forum is not permanent. It has to be earned by posting the required amount of reviews relevant to each level of membership. Silver members are required to post 4 reviews every 6 months, or 8 per year. Failure to meet these requirements will result in your membership being downgraded to Registered User status. This means if you wish to remain as a part of the Forum you will have to start again, from scratch, by posting 2 reviews in the New Members section to attain Bronze membership. To return to Silver status, you will need to hold Bronze for 90 days and post 27 useful posts/reviews in the compliant areas of the Forum.
We dont like taking membership away, but this Forum will only survive if our members post reviews. Thats the bottom line.

Any members who are not sure of how many reviews they have posted and wishing to know where they stand, or have any questions about membership, can contact me HERE 

I will endeavour to reply to you within 24 hours.


nextlife


Floor: #3
Post Time: 7th January 2020, 12:03 AM
Poster ID: andrewblake
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
For this who wish to know the membership level and benefits explained.. 

https://auxxxreviews.com/forum/conte...-benefits.html

AB


