Floor: #1
Post Time: 27th November 2016, 08:51 AM
Poster ID: sagacious
Post Title: 
 The payforplay QLD tour/adventure by SAGACIOUS
				
Post Content: 
As I am sure most of my fellow new south Welshmen partake in reading pay for play's great sexcapades in the land of the cane toad... I've decided I'm going to take a tour for a week of the Sunshine state (dream-world excluded) and visit as many of pay's top recommendations and report back through the eyes of a southerner. I hope the mods don't mind me starting this Lil separate tour thread in here for QLD but I thought it would be useful as I'll be travelling north to south and will plan things out for anyone thinking of following the footsteps of the great pay. 

Pay if you're reading this feel free to drop in a list of your current top picks between the Gold Coast and Bundaberg. I'll be trawling your posts as well. 

Wish me luck and if you don't hear from me in a couple of weeks send a search party!


Floor: #2
Post Time: 27th November 2016, 09:11 AM
Poster ID: nextlif
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
We cant really start a thread specifically for your adventure where you will review different types of providers in the one thread. It has the potential to open up reviews to members , due to their membership level, who should not able to access them, and there is also the problem of prying eyes etc. It also goes against our system of keeping all reviews of a person/establishment in the one thread.
I have moved this thread to the Silver Lounge , where you can give commentary about your adventures if you like, and post the links to any reviews which you post (in the appropriate Forums).
Hope this works for you...but open to suggestions if you have a better idea.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 5th December 2016, 03:11 PM
Poster ID: payforplay
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Already a adventure.

Ok when you look at Lexi - Bundaberg, she works here & there, same with Leah - Hervey Bay, Sarah Maryborough & any number of other girls , it can be a lottery as to when they work. best I can do is, let me know when your up here & i can then see if these girls are working & available. Alot of the girls only see select clients, they only advertise for the off chance the clients they normally see are not available. Will put a list together mate.

P4P


Floor: #4
Post Time: 9th December 2016, 04:20 PM
Poster ID: sagacious
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hi pay thanks for the heads up yeah I've been looking for all of those ones with no luck... I saw a Bundaberg one posted today but don't think it's lexi http://m.locanto.com.au/bundaberg/ID...n-hookups.html

I've got the Ipswich sisters booked in for tomorrow and I've had a massage from Isabella in Tegan and a car bj by some islander teen in sunnybank... Yet to strike any gold yet.  Full review to be posted soon


