Thread Title: You just can’t help it. Fuckwits and fools abound despite rules written and unwritten!
Floor: #1
Post Time: 20th March 2019, 03:37 PM
Poster ID: sleazyryder
Post Title: 
 You just can’t help it. Fuckwits and fools abound despite rules written and unwritten!
				
Post Content: 
This is a thread that continues to come up and rear it's very ugly head.

Most punters who review understand that the purpose of reviewing is to share intel with like-minded punters. But there is always some fuckwit that spoils the party

The link to a closed thread here on silver lounge is here

https://auxxxreviews.com/forum/f307/...reports-52428/

Now common sense dictates you really never share anything you have read on this forum.

I visited a punt where the lady was very wary about some client who had attempted to use leverage to get her to do extras.

The imbecile quoted reviews from this site to attempt to get her to give him a different ending to his massage.

I was not amused in the slightest.

The lady in question has some personal issues and this has knocked her for six.

I have after some considerable tippy toeing around the topic managed to hose her down and get her to understand that the things we cannot control should be placed in the back of any consideration as we simply cannot change the situation so should give it little attention or the time.

"

God grant me the serenity to accept stupid people,
The courage to not waste my time and energy on them,
And the wisdom to know I cannot fix stupidity.


"

The thing is not to identify the individuals involved as that would only serve to exacerbate the situation.

I doubt the imbecile is in silver. But I do have access to both his name and his mobile number.

If you are an individual who thinks that the Intel read on this forum is okay to be discussed with a working lady then best keep a watch out for your details being posted on a Public Forum. Stupid as stupid gets.

I have reported this event. If you think this is funny then take into consideration the following.
Not all workers want their families or loved ones to know they are open to overt sexual encounters.

Not all workers want their involvement in the adult services industry known to their partners because they alone should decide that.
The dangers of domestic violence should be clear and evident as a result of disclosure so that we do not disclose discuss or disseminate information obtained from this forum back to the worker who is not a member of the site.

This should be a Golden Rule. Not as it appears to be as an oft referred to piece of common sense.
Apparently that is a rare commodity.

If you gathered I am not happy about the need to refer to this subject once more.

The lady concerned has ceased working for the time being and that is primarily due to some dickwit disclosing the forum reviews to this individual without thought for consequence.

All in an effort to use leverage to get something that was never on offer for him anyway. Well it likely never will be on offer thanks to some FW.

If you consider this topic continues like a festering sore. It makes me both mad and sad because this lady could really use the cash the business could generate for her.

Think before you speak is all I ask. Remember ladies have your contact details and disclose shit about other punters so do not disclose something you are not comfortable having a discussion of your disclosures with the next punt or future punts.
These ladies are not Lawyers or Clergy or bound by confidentiality. Indeed quite the opposite.


SR.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 20th March 2019, 04:15 PM
Poster ID: Stevegem
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Well said SR, defies belief

If your ok with it, please PM me the details of this idiot. I get PM from time to time from members and don't want and will not help idiots out.

SG


Floor: #3
Post Time: 20th March 2019, 04:19 PM
Poster ID: nextlif
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Whoever you are, well done on causing all sorts of distress and financial hardship to this lady because of your stupid selfish behaviour. Lets hope she gets herself together and back on her feet soon. 

Maybe she will cause you a few problems along the way as you were stupid enough to give her your name and number...one can only hope.


A couple of threads discussing this topic

https://auxxxreviews.com/forum/f307/...workers-42947/
https://auxxxreviews.com/forum/f307/...oviders-31221/


Floor: #4
Post Time: 23rd March 2019, 11:37 AM
Poster ID: sleazyryder
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
https://auxxxreviews.com/forum/f308/cardinal-sin-18733/

If you value your membership privileges and your freedom to review exchange intel and be a member of this Forum then read this thread.

If you don't agree with the implications or discourse of the intentions of this thread then PM a Moderator and hand your membership in.

Because of some selfish prick (you know who you are) you have made life difficult for one lady (and likely more) to earn a living without having to worry what has been written about her and not to mention embarrassment for her socially as she strives to overcome the thoughts and processes she will undoubtedly need to work through as she comes to terms with being outed on this forum.

There is nothing to be gained through ingratiating oneself by disclosing reviews or even the existence of this forum.
If you really want extras then stump up the cash or simply pay complements and gift them with flowers and chockies wine or tickets for concerts or mooffees. These you will find work way better than suggestions of forums that might allude to services offered or not.!

Being a selfish prick is the way to have you excluded from intel. Now go away and think. Yep may be a first but clearly necessary to process what damage you have done. It is extraordinary that you have made it alive to this day. 
Give yourself an uppercut and leave ladies alone.
As stated and discussed many times before ....

Nothing good ever comes from the disclosure of this site for any purpose or any reason!

When you are found out you will face humiliation and I expect removal from this site.

It is not a matter of if but when.

The https://auxxxreviews.com/forum/f308/cardinal-sin-18733/ is there in place for a reason.

It's to prevent dumb arses like you from ruining workers lives and mental health along with reducing the workload of lawyers and potential civil suits not to mention the wrath of fellow members. 

Thanks for reading.


SR.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 29th March 2019, 05:36 PM
Poster ID: Luscious Leah
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Many years ago when I first started working, I worked at Big and Beautiful @ Surry Hills. My working name then was Barbara, Jenn the owner gave me that name which I hated.
I was shocked when I found out off a client that there was such a thing as a forum if this nature.
I very much enjoyed working and gave them the service that I thought they deserved. However some clients very lovely and we rally clicked so the service they got was a little more than others I didn't click with. You can't click with everyone but if and when you do it can be magical.
Fast forward to Leah, I have always enjoyed being a WL and again my service depended on
my clients. Yes regulars will always get that little bit extra. You get out of it what you put into it. I probably had the odd client that wasn't happy but I'm quite sure the majority enjoyed the service I provided.
Fast forward to 20/19 I still see a few of my regular clients. I don't take on any new clients.
One of my very first clients from Big and Beautiful I still see for the odd Sunday morning romp. I made lots of friends with my clients that I am still friends with. I actually married a client which was a bad mistake but we live and learn.
Today I'm only half the person I was, I'm no longer a bbw as I've lost 47 kilos and yes I'm a nana lol oh and I still look 50 so I'm told even though I'm much older than that.
So treat your working lady well and you will be rewarded. Also don't forget to spoil her occasionally.
Happy punting.

Leah xx


Floor: #6
Post Time: 30th March 2019, 07:19 AM
Poster ID: curly69
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I still find it amazing that dickheads still think it is ok to show reviews to the ladies. These reviews are intel on the possible services you may receive. As Leah rightly pointed out the service one client can and will be different to the next, YMMV.

I wonder how these dickheads would feel if the WL/ML walked up and showed their reviews to their family? That is of these guys actually do reviews, most of them are just pitiful leeches who shouldn't be on this or any review site.

Remember it is up to the lady what services she is happy to provide you and she shouldn't be pressured into providing something she doesn't want to. Basic respect of the lady is what is required.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 2nd April 2019, 12:38 AM
Poster ID: Drizzt
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hi SR
Did this happen in Sydney or Melbourne? 
I'm one who has been royally burned previously when another FW showed my review to a ML trying to get the same service.  She was able to identify me from the details in the review and I copped the abuse from her over the phone and she then proceeded to try making my life hell.  It got very messy.

Since then I've generalized my reviews and omit alot of the intimate details which could identify me to a session.  It probably has lowered the quality of my reviews but such is life, my trust is very limited now.  Also keep some close to my chest with no intention of sharing as I'd likely be identified in a heartbeat as they're not advertising on the usual places.


Floor: #8
Post Time: 2nd April 2019, 10:41 AM
Poster ID: sleazyryder
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by Drizzt


Hi SR
Did this happen in Sydney or Melbourne? 
I'm one who has been royally burned previously when another FW showed my review to a ML trying to get the same service.  She was able to identify me from the details in the review and I copped the abuse from her over the phone and she then proceeded to try making my life hell.  It got very messy.

Since then I've generalized my reviews and omit alot of the intimate details which could identify me to a session.  It probably has lowered the quality of my reviews but such is life, my trust is very limited now.  Also keep some close to my chest with no intention of sharing as I'd likely be identified in a heartbeat as they're not advertising on the usual places
"""



Yes the consequences of showling or talking about reviews especially sites they don't normally have ready access to can and does lead to different outcomes.

This has happened both in Melbourne and Sydney to me. I have managed to allay fears the ladies in question have had and tried to airbrush the issue without patronising or diminishing their fears.

This latest incident was in Sydney. 

In case you are reading this and wondering how much damage can be done just imagine the worker was your partner or sister or even your Mum....yes it has to be the case sometimes. Not all are young and childless.

These workers who satiate our desires and needs deserve the money and time we spend on them both in the room and whilst taking the time to review. The commitment of the reviewer cannot be in doubt ( genuine reviews of course) as they put effort into accuracy and humour ( for some)into writing a review that is both accurate and entertaining.

Imagine some dipstick discussing how they managed to manipulate your relative or partner into performing an act by persuasion of a report or review they had been shown. Yup Consumer law states you must give me the same service as has been reported in this review???
WTF? Hang on that's my sister you are talking about Take that (biff) Cops are called and it doesn't look good for anyone..the spruiker the victims the worker and it will never come out in the wash...

Unintended consequences harm people we don't know. If you still don't get it. Showing or telling others aside from anonymous members of this forum can lead to all manner of situations. Some really nasty some totally devastating and others just simply ridiculous.

Most readers will identify with the Office Gossip and the harm done to others mental health.

The lady in question has had exacerbated issues in this regard thanks to some idiot..


NOTHING GOOD EVER COMES FROM SHOWING OR TELLING WORKERS ABOUT THIS SITE.!

LET ALONE IT'S CONTENT.

So to think about how information such as is available on this site can play on the minds of service providers then reflect about what would happen if it was your sister partner Mother.  This is no exaggeration and amplifies in the imaginations of workers.
Not all but a significant number do the work as a last resort. To earn money. 

The result of this behaviour and the unintended consequences cannot ever be quantified.

Not all consequences are equal. That is what you need to remember. 

Thanks for thinking along with reading.


SR.


Floor: #9
Post Time: 2nd April 2019, 01:41 PM
Poster ID: sparksy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
This takes me all the way back to Natalie in Chatswood and the damage it did to her, broke her heart she never really recovered and retired pretty soon after!


Floor: #10
Post Time: 4th April 2019, 12:12 PM
Poster ID: sleazyryder
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by sparksy


This takes me all the way back to Natalie in Chatswood and the damage it did to her, broke her heart she never really recovered and retired pretty soon after
"""



Indeed Sparksy. Clearly not a topic most of us are unfamiliar with. We should always be considerate of the impact some readers are clueless about when it comes to the devastation and harm that disclosures of this and other Adult Forums create for some who have fragile mental health and personalities.

I hope the wedding with Mai at the Farm is not being postponed for too long.
She is a cracker...a very very very tiny one at that... Rubber Yup essential part of the punting toolkit..


SR.


