Thread Title: Abita - Perth (CBD) - 0401 594 632
Floor: #1
Post Time: 2nd January 2012, 07:13 PM
Poster ID: diamond dog
Post Title: 
 Abita - Perth (CBD) - 0401 594 632
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name :  Abita on Cracker and Anju on Locanto Personals

Establishment :  Private

Date of Visit :  31 Dec 2011

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :  abita indian new to town - West Perth | Escort / adult | Erotic | Cracker

Hours of Business :   10 to 9

Rates :  $150 half an hour or $200 for the hour

Age :  Late 20's

Size/shape :  10

Nationality or Ethnicity :  Indian Descent

Services Provided :  A bit of a wam bam thank you Mam service

Value for money/recommend? :  If a wam bam thank you mam service is all your looking for then yes, I guess you cannot expect to much for $150 and she prefers clients only stay the 30 minutes.

My experience/comments : Abita is much darker and a little heavier than her photos suggest but the photos are real. She is very much into controlling the booking and tells you what to do and what you cannot do.
She had nice looking D boobs but I think they have been enhanced as it my experience that girls that have an enhanced bust generally do not like having them handled too much as it feels uncomfortable for them and this was the case in this instance. They actually felt soft to the touch and so they were not rock hard as with many boob jobs.

If all you are looking for is to get your rocks off them I can recommend but generally I am looking for a bit more. Anita is well travelled and articulate and we had a good conversation once I was dressed and ready to leave but the service was basic.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 2nd January 2012, 08:10 PM
Poster ID: BadAussieBoy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Copy and paste of her Cracker ad:

Hello Gentlemen. I'm Abita I offer the ultimate experience. Let me know just how naughty or nice you want me to be. I want to explore your fantasies and make them realities. I will make your day go a lot smoother and relaxed. I am hot and ready to please and make this a time you won't forget. Great personality and accurate photos. My rates are $200 per hour and $150 for half hour. Also I located in City. I do Incall at my place. I'm the complete package ... I love to pamper & please ... stimulate & satisfy .... but best of all, I derive the most pleasure from providing complete satisfaction to a man by fulfilling his desires...... the love of pleasing his needs is foremost to me. adelaide terrace , perth. Size 10 busty 36D


