Thread Title: Akiko - Shenton Park - 0405 777 147
Floor: #1
Post Time: 26th June 2012, 07:41 AM
Poster ID: Teejay
Post Title: 
 Akiko - Shenton Park - 0405 777 147
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Akiko

Date of Visit: June 2012

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: Private Escorts : NEW And Fresh Akiko
Cost: 120/170 for 30/60

Age: Ad says 20 - I would say 30's - late 30'S
Size/shape: Small, slim

Nationality or Ethnicity: Ad says Japanese - I would say Chinese

Value for money/recommend?: Yes, average value proposition

My experience/comments: 

I have been to this Shenton Park location before and it is hit and miss. This one was a near miss. Phone booking was easy (Private number accepted) and was there within 15 minutes. Akiko met me wih a smile, kiss and a hug - showing off her tits in a low cut top. 

Average looks, small size with high mileage. Into the room - paid for my 30 minutes and Akiko is taking my clothes off and groping already - good sign. I put her on her back and suck her tits - not big - but I have never seen a woman with such protuding nipples which she seemed to like having sucked and was pushing them even further into my mouth. 

I tried DATY which she enjoyed but would not let me get into it too much and I was soon being offered the usual "I SUKA U".
CBJ was OK - tissue always in hand, constantly wiping which spoils the mood. Then the next offer of "U FUKA ME" had her diving onto her back with her ankles around her ears waiting for me to slip it in. 

Reasonably tight (suprising) and I happily pounded away for a while before she asked if I wanted to do doggie. So - I stood on the floor as did she. She leaned over the bed, propping herself up on a pillow and with her ass pointing skywards, cocking her leg in the air as a male dog would if it was having a piss. Akiko reached back, stroked my balls then guided my cock in to her before putting her leg back down into an incredibly tight standing doggie which was suprisingly comfortable for sustained pumping before quickening the pace and slamming into her for a noisy finish. So - a memorable doggie as she obviously enjoys it as her favourite position - but otherwise I think I will give this place a rest for a while as the desciptions are getting less and less reliable.


