Thread Title: Amber Alexa - Perth - 0426 732 910
Floor: #1
Post Time: 27th July 2017, 06:40 PM
Poster ID: PhilipFuhrmann
Post Title: 
 Amber Alexa - Perth - 0426 732 910
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Amber Alexa

Establishment : Independent / Private apartment

Date of Visit : 27 Jul 17

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0426732910

Hours of Business : Daytime/Evening

Rates : Erotic Massage:  $140 - 30 mins;   $170 - 45 mins 

Extra services: Oral covered $50;   Oral natural $100

Age : 28

Size/shape : beautiful face, great body, great boobs

Nationality or Ethnicity : Brazilian/Latina

Services Provided :  She also provides full service and you can find that on:  https://scarletblue.com.au/escort/amber-alexa
 I opted for just the 30 min massage.

Value for money/recommend? : Great value for money - highly recommended.

My experience/comments : I found Amber Alexa on the internet a few weeks back and she has one of the prettiest faces I'd ever seen. Was like 'saving her for last' after visiting a few others.  Finally went today and it was one great experience.  Started with the usual shower, drying off and then lying on my front for the massage. The massage itself was quite good, although not the best I've had - but still good. She then did a body to body massage and that was exhilarating. Besides her body, I loved the feel of her long hair brushing up and down my back as she slid over me. Then I was turned around and what a sight to behold - she really has a great and sexy body. She continued with her body slides, including doing a Spanish on my by now erect member.  She really knew how to arouse me and yet it was all under control. Then when it came time for the hand relief, she sat on top of me, holding my penis behind her, close to her ass - it was like she was fucking me cowgirl style.  And as she did that, my hands were free to roam all over her great, sexy body.  She then turned around and it was like being fucked reverse cowgirl style. There is a full length mirror in the room and you can shift your position such that you can see everything and what a great turn-on it was.  It was just to be a hand relief but I felt like I was being fucked by her and had a great, tremendous release.  I will definitely be returning to see her again.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 24th November 2017, 08:26 PM
Poster ID: Massageplease111
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
One night stop in Perth , thanks for the review which I found after seeing her ad, for both Massage and escort.
Had a similarly great experience and then just relaxed on bed with her for a short while she was in no rush to check me out we just chatted. 
Only did the 30 min massage but best I've ever had. Enjoyed that curvaceous body , really wanted to f&*^* her I have to admit.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 25th November 2017, 06:47 AM
Poster ID: nextlif
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Welcome to AXR Massageplease111

As you have just joined us some house keeping notes for you. To give our members as much detail as possible we ask that reviews are submitted on our template. 
------------------
To post a review using the Review Template, please follow these steps.

1. Click on the '+ Post New Thread' button.
2. Fill out the title of your review, including phone number.
3. Under the heading is a series of icons. Look for the one that says 'Templates', click on the box then click on 'Review Template' option, this inserts the template into your post, all you have to do is fill in the blanks.
4. Click on the 'Submit New Thread' box lower down the page, and that's it!

This template can also be used if replying or adding to a review.

If reviewing a brothel, escort agency or massage parlour, please include both the business AND the person you saw. 
[COLOR="#FFFFFF"].[/COLOR]
Attachment 7461

Looking forward to your reviews and participation on our site.


