Thread Title: Amelia - Burswood WA - 0405 322 642
Floor: #1
Post Time: 5th July 2013, 09:39 AM
Poster ID: gent6023
Post Title: 
 Amelia - Burswood WA - 0405 322 642
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Amelia 

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit :  2/7/2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :  Amelia!! Very Busty BBW Waiting to satisfy your naughtiest and most intimate desire!! - Mirrabooka | Escort / adult | Erotic | Cracker

Hours of Business : 10am and 11pm

Rates : 30 mins - $200 45 Min - $250 1 Hour - $300 2 hours - $600 

Age : 22

Size/shape : voluptuous BBW 20-22

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : Full Service - No Anal - No Natural , Deep French Kissing 

Value for money/recommend? : Worth Every Cent

My experience/comments : Contacted number greeted by a cheery and welcoming Amelia , booking made and Amelia texted address details to phone. Parking easy as you can park a shopping centre discretely and cross to to her house.
The House looks very average from the outside but the bedroom is setup well and is accomodating and not dirty at all.
Met at the door by Amelia at the appointed time and she is hot plus sized girl quite tall , great eyes and a very girl next door style.
Offer a shower ( which was nice and hot ) , to Bedroom to find Amelia waiting in sexy Lingerie, some Hot Deep French Kissing and groping (very hot) and then undressed her.
We laid down on the bed and continued the DFK and groping and she got out a condom and applied it with some sucking. She gave me a great CBJ  while I lay down, lots of eye contact and quite vigirous.  Resisted the urge to come too early. For the main course, she hopped on top for cowgirl and she appeared to be enjoying it as much as me , rolled her over for doggie and have a great pushing action with plenty to grab ( she loves this , and gets very tight from the pounding ). Changed to Missionary , legs up with deep pounding and blasted a load deep inside ( see loved this or if she was faking is is a great actress !!!). Recovery time spent with lots of nice up and close cuddling and kissing. Condom removed discretely and disposed  of. More Cuddling and kissing , the Amelia indicates she wants more by starting an slow but firm handjob a resulting another rock hard cock , condom on and repeated the process all over again which she seemed to really be getting into resulting in another blast filling the condom. She is good at this. More cuddles then a shower when the 1 hours was up. A quick Deep Kiss at the door and I was on my way with a big smile on my face. 

Overall excellent experience and service for those that like plus size girls. Will defintely be seeing Amelia again

Content of Cracker Advertisement:
"Hi Gentleman, my name is Amelia XxXx 

I'm a 22 year old Aussie voluptuous BBW 

Visually, my looks are striking and unique. I have long waist length luxurious Brunette hair that frames a face blessed with intoxicating Baby Blue eyes, modelesque cheekbones and irresistible full luscious lips. 

I stand at a statuesque of 5'11 So i am quite tall without Heels 
I Have soft creamy porcelain skin and a dangerously voluptuous 20-22 figure with perky Natural FF-cup breasts and a delectable firm round derriere  

I work between the hours of 10am and 11pm 
by appointment only so please book half and hour in advance to avoid disappointment 
I am available Monday -Sunday. 

This Service is a Truly Sultry girlfriend experience and will leave you wanting more!!


