Thread Title: Amy - Bassendean - 0439 879 500
Floor: #1
Post Time: 24th September 2013, 12:30 AM
Poster ID: Calais V8
Post Title: 
 Amy - Bassendean - 0439 879 500
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Amy

Date of Visit : 20/09/2013 10.30pm

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Kathleen St Bassendean - 0439 879 500   
Private Escorts : Bassendean girl - passionate kissing, best service

Hours of Business : Unsure - Open Late Nights

Rates : $150hr | $100 half hour

Age : Advertised at 21 but more like late 30's

Size/shape : slim build with a bit of a tummy, reasonably busty, perky tits.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai?

Services Provided : Full Service (Massage, CBJ & Sex)

Value for money/recommend? : No

My experience/comments : Happened to be in the area Friday Night and decided to give a call to an advertisement on BC that had been looking promising. Gave Amy a call and confirm $150 for an hour with Full service, got the address and raced over. The house is private and fairly decent sized, there is a sign on the front door saying please come around the back (tired me did not see that until after banging on the door) Went around the back and was greeted by Amy, who was wearing a black jacket over a tight dress and heels. She lead me down to a bedroom at the front of the house (quite a large house for the 2 girls that were working there) I paid the money and she asked me to undress while she went to get her handbag. She reappeared and immediately got naked, bit of a shame I like if there is a little more than cash, get naked and get on the bed, feels to clinical otherwise. 

Her body was ok, decent tits and slim build, she did have a fat stomach tho, looked older than I thought she would be from the photos, maybe late 30's, looked quite tired too.

She asked me to lay down so she could massage, but I said I would prefer if she went for a BJ first. She started playing with my dick and then quickly got a condom, and started sucking, not one of the better BJ's I've had unfortunately. I began grabbing her boobs and rubbing her and motioned for her to get on top. 

We pounded away in a few positions until I came, she was tired and a bit of a starfish but got the deed done. I then rolled over for a massage which was ok but very rushed, for an hour booking I would expect the massage to be more than a quick 5-10 min rub. She then said she wanted to fuck again, and tried getting me hard. Given the massage was so quick she was struggling at first to get me hard, but quickly started sucking and then laid down and asked me to fuck her again.

We pounded away and I think a combination of no recharge time and lack of energy/enthusiasm was the cause of me not being able to finish. She went back to sucking before giving up and telling me I could shower. She led me down the hall to the shower then went away to smoke with her housemate. I showered and returned to the room to dress, she returned in time to show me out, 30mins before the end of the session.

Quite a disappointing session sadly, I had gotten my hopes up from the advert on BC with a hot photo. Sadly the service was lackluster and I only got half the time I paid for.

Despite the high hopes I had from reviewing the ad on BC, I would not recommend her. I will not be returning, I can think of many other women I would happy visit instead.

Hope you found the review useful, you may want to consider before making an appointment.

Thanks for reading

Calais V8


Floor: #2
Post Time: 24th September 2013, 03:33 AM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Nice review, Calais V8.

Here's the BC ad,

" Classified ] Category: Main > Perth Escorts > Private Escorts
Bassendean girl - passionate kissing, best service (Item #: 3471)

 	Classified Ad Info	 

Description

Amy From Thailand , genuine photos 
0439 879 500
21yo , Bassendeen

30 min/100
60 min/150
Out call $200
All night $1000

Full service : Hot kissing , 69, spanish, Fantasies Best service in perth"


