Thread Title: Amy - Maylands - 0404 779 410
Floor: #1
Post Time: 2nd January 2012, 09:42 PM
Poster ID: sbxlv
Post Title: 
 Amy - Maylands - 0404 779 410
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Amy

Establishment : Maylands WA

Date of Visit : 15/12/2011

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : beautifulcompanions.com.au

Hours of Business : 24/7

Rates : 170 ph

Age : 21

Size/shape : busty - great nipples and cute fugure

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian

Services Provided : none but it was advertised DFK, BJ, Mutual French and sex.

Value for money/recommend? : no/maybe if you ask for only Amy.

My experience/comments : I had requested another girl from the BC website and upon arriving was told Amy was only available. There are two girls that share the unit.
I did not mind as Amy was an attractive 21 year with a killer body.
After paying we started the business and Amy says she likes to kiss but no keen.
Every time I got near the lips she turned her head away and I saw plenty of cheek (both face and the other ..haha).
What was left was the neck, ears and rest of her beautiful body which seemed to make her very happy. Amy pointed out areas she wanted to be kissed or licked like the neck and shoulder, breasts and her pussy on two occasions. I did not mind at the time as I enjoyed hearing her moans and breathing. I asked twice when the roles were to be reversed for oral sex and for sex and Amy informed me later...I was enjoying the experience of being with an attractive and nice girl and lost track of the time and at the time did not make a deal of it.

I figured that time was approaching and I asked for what I paid for and to have sex and Amy said she thought the other girl is there and jumped out of bed to investigate. I advised Amy it was getting late (after midnight) and that I had spent the time with her and I was happy to finish with her and not interested in the other girl. Amy even made phone calls to her boss and then told me it would cost another $170 for get what I had paid for it the first hour.  Ripped off.

I am sure that Amy had no personal issues with me as she was pleasant during and after the event and I would like to think that there was a misunderstanding at the time I walked into the place. It just appeared to be an unusual circumstance and no bad intent.
The place is Maylands is a block of flats which is bloody warm inside and the air conditioner is not really effective. 

Even though I was ripped off by not getting what I paid for I would think if you ask for Amy and only Amy then she will deliver a satisfactory session.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 2nd January 2012, 11:26 PM
Poster ID: lofty14u
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
WTF was wrong with that girl?? I'd be very pissed off if that was me. $170?? You must be joking!!


Floor: #3
Post Time: 3rd January 2012, 01:43 AM
Poster ID: Shark67
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Mate - you've got to be kidding. No disrespect but you've been ripped off!! Even worse I don't think you actually know it.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 3rd January 2012, 05:00 AM
Poster ID: Johnny Holmes
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
What the hell happened? The way I understand it is that you paid for an hour, but received no pleasure, just gave it? I would be pissed, but if you enjoyed it more power to you


Floor: #5
Post Time: 4th January 2012, 04:14 PM
Poster ID: PrawnStar
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Sounds like a missus


