Thread Title: Anna - Victoria Park - 0466 916 141
Floor: #1
Post Time: 25th August 2013, 04:45 PM
Poster ID: Calais V8
Post Title: 
 Anna - Victoria Park - 0466 916 141
				
Post Content: 
Afternoon All, First Review here so not too sure of the normal format/detail.

Lets Start with some details of the girl first and then the details and review 

Name: Anna
Location: VIC Park, Leonard street.
Contact Number: 0466 916 141
Advertising site: Beautiful Companions
Ad Title: Mature Girl @ Vic Park can do every fantasy
Age: Quite Young (Stupid advertisement name really....)
Bust: Large, Very firm and well shaped.
Ethnicity: Asian (Taiwan I think she said)
Visit Date: 24th May 2013 - Around 9pm
Price: $150 for the hour (Full Service)

So I was looking for a punt late at night at was browsing through the pile of fake pictures on Beautiful Companions looking for some legit pics (Hate not knowing what your in for). I came across the ad for Anna in vic Park and despite her ad describing her as a mature girl she is very young looking in the pictures. Ad looked legit enough to me and passed the "Fake" tests, she looks to have a good body and great set of tits. So I gave her a call, poor engrish but enough to work out and address and time to meet her, sounded young.

Drove out to VIC park and found the address fairly quickly, its a big block of flats. I gave her a call once I had parked and got her unit number, and made my way upstairs. I was greeted by a very sexy young lady in a tight dress and she was all smiles. She was new at the time and barely spoke two words of English but I could not take my eyes of those amazing breasts trying to pop out of her dress. She got me into her bedroom and decided on an hours stay ($150).

She directed me to the bathroom to shower. Facilities were quite crap but it didn't matter, she was waiting back in the bedroom in her underwear. As soon as I dropped the towel she came over to rub herself against me, she took off her underwear and rubbed her boobs all up an down my chest.

She offered to start with head (covered) bit awkward talking to her as her english is very poor but she got started, I soon motioned her to come up and did. She is Amazingly tight down there, she jumped on top and bounced away for a good while, perfectly tight. I don't think she has been at the job very long, in May when I saw her she mentioned she has only been there 2 days).

We continued in a few positions for a while until I was done, she then rolled me over for massage.

The massage was ok, again I think she was quite new at the time and was still learning, but she even did a back walk so maybe she has seen some tricks.

Unfortunately this is where my awesome experience turned, the massage was fairly short and she then hinted the session was over. She grabbed a towel and started saying thank you, I didn't think I had been here very long but there was no clock in the room. I grabbed my clothes and didn't get a chance to check the time till I was gone.......... She had ended quite early for my hour session. It was maybe 35 minutes?

I was a disappointed, whilst she had an amazing body (best so far from BC) and was amazingly tight, I couldn't help but feel cheated. She said at the start she was happy to go round twice, and I was quite looking forward another shot at her, and that amazing pussy.

Still the sex was great, the massage was ok and her body was amazing. Even now I'm still undecided whether to go back, she is great but I hate paying for time I don't get especially such a large chunk of time.

To anyone with more nerves than me, who would say something if she ended sooner than expected I would highly recommend her. To anyone like me who lets it slide I would suggest a visit, but maybe pay for 30mins and extend it if you can go round two 

I can only hope that a few months of working she is still as tight as her first week, if she is you are in for a real treat.

Thanks for reading.

Calais V8


Floor: #2
Post Time: 25th August 2013, 05:17 PM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Here's the Beautiful Companions (BC) ad,

Private Escorts : Mature girl @ Victoria Park, can do every fantasy

"Anna 0466 916 141
mature lady  @ Vic park, genuine photos
30 min/$100
60 min/$150

I can also visit you 

I give Very friendly service: 
hot French kissing, 69, golden shower, can do every thing, best service 

Anna 0466 916 141 Victoria Park"


Floor: #3
Post Time: 25th August 2013, 07:11 PM
Poster ID: Calais V8
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks Fartichoke, Will be putting my 2nd review up shortly, apologies only found the template after I posted.

Will also pick a more recent punt to review, figured the last was ok as the ad is still current, so hopefully should be of use to some people


