Thread Title: Anna-Marie - Maylands - 0435 479 309
Floor: #1
Post Time: 2nd January 2012, 01:30 PM
Poster ID: sbxlv
Post Title: 
 Anna-Marie - Maylands - 0435 479 309
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Anna- Marie

Establishment : Private - Maylands

Date of Visit : 30 September 2011

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : PG and Cracker

Hours of Business :  think has changed to daytime hours

Rates : 300 per hour

Age : 29

Size/shape : just size 10

Nationality or Ethnicity : South African and the girl has travelled. At the time of booking the World Cup was on and Anna loves her rugby union.

Services Provided : GFE, passionate kissing, CBJ, multiple positions, mutual french

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : Made a call to Anna-Marie, who on the phone just says Anna, and it was easy to make a booking for the next night.
Anna lives in a complex apartment/ townhouse setup in Maylands and just need to look for a very distinctive car.
Anna was dressed as promised in sexy lingerie and then we walked up stairs to the bedroom. Nothing flash but comfortable.
Transaction was completed and then Anna disappeared for a few minutes.
She laid on the bed and I sat next to her for a quick chat. Anna is a very friendly and easy to talk to.
I got naked and laid beside her and then after a minute of chat she took charge and started kissing..a great kisser although she is not a fan of having her neck kissed as she says it is sensitive. Could be at the time of appointment she was working full time and did not want to go to work with tell tales signs of sex.

I went to explore her body and the breasts were as advertise as B Cup but very enjoyable.
Kissed her pale skin and then performed oral sex on her which she appeared to enjoy.

Next was a CBJ which was very good.

Anna started on top and then the roles were reversed. The sex was good.

The booking was cut short by a few minutes as Anna needed to have a pee and she informed me that she was sorry as it was unprofessional. I did not mind as I done what had to be done and it was only five minutes to go.

Overall Anna enjoys providing and receiving kisses, oral sex and of course sex.
Looks are good but not sensational but is very friendly and great to chat with and to spend on hour and would recommend.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 12th February 2012, 01:54 AM
Poster ID: sunyun
Post Title: 
 Anna-Marie of Maylands
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name :   Anna-Marie

Establishment :   Private

Date of Visit :   Jan 2012

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :   Genuine Girlfriend Experience - Perth - Maylands | Escort / adult | Erotic | Cracker

Hours of Business :    Unsure

Rates :   300 1 hour

Age :   Early 30s ?

Size/shape :   shapely 10

Nationality or Ethnicity : Caucasian

Services Provided :   Full service, CBJ, Affectionate Kissing  
Cuddling and Touching  
Oral 
Passion Kissing  
Sexy Lingerie  
Variety of Positions 
Mutual Masturbation 

Value for money/recommend? :   Yes

My experience/comments : Anna has a nice place in Maylands. She is not stunning, but a lovely, pretty, friendly girl. She is very eager to please, and is pleasant to chat to.
I was looking for a GFE, not a PSE, and she is very much into GFE - genuine DFK, lots of touching, kissing and cuddling.
I have seen her a couple of times now, and it gets better each time.
She does not do BBBJ or anal.
I would definitely recommend.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 12th February 2012, 04:02 PM
Poster ID: BadAussieBoy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Copy and paste of her Cracker ad:

Being a discerning gentleman seeking some discreet company I know that you find it's not always easy to locate a companion with the right blend of personality, appearance and willingness to make our time together the most enjoyable experience that you could wish for. If this sounds like you then read on, because I would love to meet you.

My name is Anna-Marie. I'm 29 years of age, 5' 6" and I have long dark hair and big blue eyes. I wear a size 10 dress and I have a lovely C sized bust. My passion is to spend time with gentlemen who appreciate a woman who is able to make them feel great both in body and mind. I am well educated and able to communicate with you intellectually as well as take care of your more primal desires. I am genuinely erotic and enjoy intimate liaisons with the gentleman who really knows what he wants. I offer you a true girlfriend experience that will leave you believing that I AM your girl. If you have sought that experience and have been disappointed in the past then I challenge you to make a date with me.

The service I offer is a genuine girlfriend experience. I love passionate kissing, caressing, mutual oral and masturbation, and I enjoy sex in a variety of positions. I'm also open to trying new things, so please do let me know if you have a particular desire you would like to fulfill. I only offer safe services so please do not ask for anything natural, and I also do not offer greek.

Don't wait any longer. Give me a call and make a date with me. I look forward to meeting you very soon.

Love Anna-Marie 



PRICES: 
1/2 hour: $180 
1 hour: $300 
1 1/2 hours: $400 
2 hours: $500 



SERVICES PROVIDED: 
Affectionate Kissing 
Cuddling and Touching 
Oral 
Passion Kissing 
Sexy Lingerie 
Variety of Positions 
Mutual Masturbation


Floor: #4
Post Time: 20th February 2012, 04:58 PM
Poster ID: Callas
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Anna-Marie

Establishment : Private unit, Northbridge

Date of Visit : February, 2012

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0435 479 309 or Anna Marie Private Perth Escort

Hours of Business : Unknown

Rates : $180 half hour, $300 hour.

Age : 30 

Size/shape : Maybe a size 10-12. Rather plump around the midriff.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Caucasian. Anglo-South African.

Services Provided : 
Massage
Kissing
CBJ
DATY
Sex in various positions.
Mutual masturbation.

Value for money/recommend? : Not for me, but YMMV.

My experience/comments : 

Texted Anna on a Sunday to see if she was working that day. Quick response saying that she'd be available after 4pm. Exchanged a few other cursory texts and agreed to meet that afternoon.
Arrived at the apartment complex. Easy to find and plenty of street parking given that it was a Sunday. Buzzed the apartment number and given access through the security door and lift.
Anna greeted me at the door in a sexy negligee and a g-string. She's quite pretty and has a lovely smile. The apartment was very nicely appointed and extra clean. We wandered through to the bedroom where I said that I'd stay for an hour, and we sorted the financials. She offered me a drink, then asked me to have a shower. I'd already showered about 20 mins before at home, but it was a hot day and I didn't mind the quick freshen up. The bedroom wasn't air conditioned incidentally.
I lay on the bed and Anna gave me a massage on my back. It was a bit plain, just rubbing some oil in with no real technique or sensuality. Same for the legs. She asked me to roll over and gave my chest a quick rub with the oil. She was quite chatty during this and very nice to chat to.
She moved in a started some kissing. Unlike sbxlv's experience, she really seemed to enjoy having her neck kissed. She climbed on top and we kissed more. She seemed to really enjoy the neck and breast kissing and was rhythmically sliding/grinding herself onto the so-far ungloved little fella.
I rolled her back onto her back and started making my way a little south of the titty zone. Her tummy was pretty flabby with a few extra tyres around the midriff. I got down to the Y and started to lick. She pushed my head away saying that she was too sensitive. Anything beyond a really soft lick got the same treatment. I was allowed to lick only around the outer lips. The whole area was rather prickly with some regrowth which was less than pleasant on the tongue.
Finally she asked me to stop and then proceeded to the highlight of the show. She does give a very good CBJ. There was plenty of tongue action and she was enthusiastic. 
She slid up and again started the grinding on the gloved little fella. I wasn't feeling much here so I suggested a bit of side to side. She seemed a lot happier to grind away just holding the little fella against her pussy, rather than penetration. I started to lose a bit of interest at this stage. 
She then said that 'a lot of men don't like condoms' , removed it and gave me a pretty good hand job.
We lay on the bed and chatted for a while, before offering me another drink and a shower. The session wasn't rushed in any way and she certinly didn't keep an eye on the clock. 
She's really lovely to chat with, and her smile really lights up her pretty face. 
The session didn't really go as I had envisioned especially with the restricted DATY and the 'sex' was erotic but not what I had wanted.

Overall: 6.5/10
Lovely lady with a pretty smile.
The service, whilst erotic, wasn't what I was expecting.

Value for money: YMMV. After reading the other reviews, maybe I caught her on a bad day.

Will I go back? Probably not.


