Thread Title: Anna -  East Perth - 0426 656 571
Floor: #1
Post Time: 30th July 2015, 01:42 PM
Poster ID: hotevad
Post Title: 
 Anna -  East Perth - 0426 656 571
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Anna

Establishment : Private apartment

Date of Visit : 23/7/15

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Stunning Sexy Thailand Girl Available Now ~ 100% Real Picture !! - Perth escorts - backpage.com

Hours of Business : 10am to 10pm

Rates : $80 1/2 hour massage HJ + $20 TF

Age : 30?

Size/shape : 6-8, firm full breasts, nice body

Nationality or Ethnicity : Thai

Services Provided : Massage, Topless slide, HJ

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : Having texted for a nude massage and HJ, I was asked to confirm appointment 1 hour prior to arrival. This was the first time I have visited Anna and normally go for HJ on first visit to test the wares where extra services may be partaken depending on meeting my expectations.

The private highrise apartment is located centrally in CBD (Hay Street) and is very modern and nice with a mirrored wardrobe adjacent to the bed which enhances viewing.

Upon arrival I was ushered in and asked for the $80 nude massage with HJ only to be informed it would be an extra $20 for topless slide which I opted for (30 mins). I was offered a shower, but declined as I had already showered before leaving home.

Anna has a good body for age with very firm breasts, but not sure if enhanced or not. The massage started face down with usual back and shoulders with a very good all over tingly fingers massage towards the end before the flip (it was very sensuous). The bra came off and the firm breasts started exciting the old fella with a tickle and slide which certainly got my attention along with a gentle moan from Anna for effect. Soon after the HJ commenced and by this time was rock hard and able to view in the mirrored wardrobe ending in an explosion to be admired. 

I was very satisfied and may consider FS in future. The time disappeared quickly.

Recommended for a sensual thai massage with extras.


