Thread Title: April - Rockingham - 0470 317 752
Floor: #1
Post Time: 8th October 2012, 10:50 PM
Poster ID: RedOctober
Post Title: 
 April - Rockingham - 0470 317 752
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : April 0470 317 752 
Establishment : Private Home on Kent St Rockingham
Date of Visit :06-Oct-2012
Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Rockingham Mandurah : Rockingham girl April $150 HR
Hours of Business : Unknown

Rates $100 half an hour/ $150 for  1 hour

Age : Advertised as 22 - Late 20
Size/shape : 5

Nationality or Ethnicity : said Japanese but most probably Chinese
Services Provided : Nude massage,CBJ, full service

Value for money/recommend? : Yes/Yes

My experience/comments : 

It was short work-n-knock night shift so I decided to use sudden gift of a couple hours properly.
This time my eyes laid on April - Rockingham is only 20 minutes to drive from my workplace but in opposite direction to way home.
Booking was taken about midnight which means nothing - except she needs money.
Easy to find address, partly destroyed gate so decided to park on street.
Fully casually dressed  little lady open a door and greeted me in.
Few words in Japanese to find she has nothing common with a Country of Rising Sun
Nice face, at least CC boobs, good shaped body covered by bath gown.
Money matter first, shower on offer.
Fast shower alone - clean bathroom and tidy house.
Back to room where she's waiting still fully dressed
She tried some kind of striptease - naive but very touchy.
First contact is established.
Nice firm body, shaven, big boobs but very sensitive - she has two symmetrical  scars on boobs, maybe result of inflammation during breastfeeding tried to investigate but she shows no interest in discussion.
Nipples are very flat, I barely found them. 
Start with massage and I was surprised in her skills and enthusiasm. Sometimes you get much worse in MP.
After 20 or so minute of Real Full Body Massage it's a time for main action.
She offered $50 for BBBJ but I declined it politely.
CBJ follows and turned to 69.Ok with touching and DATY but no fingering.
Lube - unfortunately few minutes of CBJ and DATY don't turn her on 
No problem with positions.
20 minutes later tired but still nor satisfied we turn to HJ routine.
She has very strong hands so I ask her couple time to do it more gentle.
Done...
We lied  on bed for a couple minutes just cuddling.
Time was over but she didn't push me.
I took another shower, this time she was looking on me and laughing.
She wash her mouth an disinfected pussy with some strong smelled liquid - nothing weird I think, but better to do it when client left.
From other hand it was half past one...
She said there is another girl working with her but she was already in a bad so I have not seen her.
Light good bye kiss ...

Appearance - 7/10 and BC picture is real!!!

Service - 8/10

Total score - 7/10

Come back - most probably yes.


