Thread Title: Aria - East Victoria Park - 0414 470 080
Floor: #1
Post Time: 4th December 2012, 10:35 AM
Poster ID: ggg4m3
Post Title: 
 Aria - East Victoria Park - 0414 470 080
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Aria

Establishment : 

Date of Visit : 21/11/12

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0414 470 080; [COLOR="#FF0000"]***Address of PWL removed. BAB***[/COLOR] East Vic Park

Hours of Business : 

Rates : 120/30, 150/45, 180/60

Age : ~26

Size/shape : HOT; slim, smooth, busty, nice ass. Tanned, brownish hair. 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Korean

Services Provided : nipple licking/sucking, ball licking, CBJ, F/S

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : Went twice to this place because Aria was so smoking hot. Originally had a booking with Cherry, who I think had just arrived and when I knocked, they asked me if I wanted to see the girls. Always keen on checking out the talent and they had me sit in an armchair and the girls sorta peeked their heads around the corner. First Cherry came out, slim, quite cute, think she was still in her public attire. Then Aria came out in a frilly orange bikini. DAMN, nice tan, big boobs, tight body. Sandy bleached hair, pretty face, big eyes. Cherry was ok but I couldn't say no to Aria. 

Was given a towel and shown to the shower, came back and then she took a shower. She came back with just a towel on. Seated me on the edge of the bed and aroused me even more with some nipple licking and around my torso then to my legs and balls. She applied a condom on me and gave me a blowjob. Was pretty good. 

Fucked in various positions, her on top, missionary pinning her legs and knees up. Doggy was quite nice, she grabbed my hand and placed it on her breast while we went at it. Also when I went back the next day, she was moaning lots and also kept her mouth open, licking her lips and swirling it around. I find it very hot. 

Pretty much went at it for most of the alotted time (45 mins and 60 mins the next day). No post-massage given or much cuddling, spooned a bit but that was about it. Her english is pretty good for a Korean working girl, she was quite friendly, said she was on holiday from Sydney for a bit, until this Sunday or last. 

One gripe I do have is the privacy of this place. First time I went to take a shower before leaving and kinda opened it on another punter. Second time I went there, a guy walked out when I entered the premises. A girl was kinda sheepishly holding the door open and hiding behind the door in just a bikini, which was rather cute but still. Also when I left the place I saw like 3 guys in the kitchen. 

I would have to say that it's worth it just for how hot the girls there are. I saw another working girl on the phone in like a leopard print bikini and smoking, she had a pretty good figure too. I'm not too sure which user it is on Beautiful Companions, either cattie, goasako or bellame. I'm pretty sure I contacted Cherry through one and saw Aria listed on another. Some issues with discretion and not much post-service but the girls are hot!


