Floor: #1
Post Time: 1st February 2014, 10:10 PM
Poster ID: bumlovin
Post Title: 
 Ash -  Mandurah WA - 0432 009 460 / 0424 038 959
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Ash

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : September, 2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0432009460 / 0424038959

Hours of Business : Call

Rates : $250 an hour

Age : Mid-20's

Size/shape : C cup, Size 8-10

Nationality or Ethnicity : Kiwi Caucasian

Services Provided : Full Service

Value for money/recommend? : Recommended

My experience/comments :

Ash is a very easy going, pretty down to earth and very easy to chat with. She has a nice "pretty" face, has a sexy/curvy figure, wonderful soft smooth skin sports a big tattoo on the back, wears glasses (great look if you after slutty teacher/librarian!) she has medium length hair but the colour tends to change (seen her as a redhead, but also brunette and jet black), a lovely pair of french predicured feet (great in you are into feet like I definitely am!). Overall slightly slutty, sensual girl next door type!

Well where to begin? I was feeling pretty blue, I hadn't had a screw in a long time after splitting ways with my lady-friend, and was just so hardup and horny late one night. I starting going through the ads on Locanto and came across Ash's which was had just been posted (that's where she tends to advertise mostly) and better yet she was in my area. Didn't figure I had much to lose and I really needed to have a good time. Texted her and got a reply pretty quickly, after a bit of SMS toing-and-froing, she sent some pics which rather took my fancy and I locked her in for a 2 hour session at my place pretty much straight away. About 30 minutes later and she was at my door!

Because of the time at night and her private circumstances at the time, she didn't really have much time to get super glammed up or put on any sexy lingerie, etc. and just came casually dressed. That didn't bother me in the slightest and I was really digging the whole girl-next-door vibe, and in truth she looked a sexier in person, and her voice and the she spoke, her Kiwi accent was a turn-on for me.

We got acquainted, I offered her a drink, we shared some beers had some chit chat. And then got down to the real business. I'm not going to give a blow-by-blow account because 1) not really my style, 2) can't quite remember the order of sexual proceedings! Ash tends to prefer being in charge, although that didn't quite workout since I have a rather dominate presence in the bedroom, and she actually said she rather enjoyed the change up. She absolutely loves to suck cock and definitely a pro at it. Her favoured positions were on top and doggy where basically she wants you to ram her as hard, fast and as long as you possibly can! As said before she has a wonderful pair of feet and I made sure she put them to good use, and she gives a fantastic footjob.

All in all Ash is a very nice sexy girl next door type, that you can just relax and have a mutually great time with and her service is friendly and enthusiastic and definitely worth the money.


