Thread Title: Ashton Moore - Perth -  0424 475 122
Floor: #1
Post Time: 21st January 2011, 11:38 PM
Poster ID: GentlemanPerth
Post Title: 
 Ashton Moore - Perth -  0424 475 122
				
Post Content: 
It had been a few weeks since my last punt (a disasterous visit to Casey's to see Bree - one of the most disappointing punts in recent memory) I was trolling through the obvious websites, when I came upon Ashton's advert.

Reading through her advert she seemed to tick off a lot of what I was looking for today. I contacted her by phone and she went through her service, and we made arrangements to tentatively book a time (given i needed to rearrange a few things to be able to meet her at the time she was available)

Once I had made the required arrangements, I confirmed via SMS and eagerly looked forward to the afternoon of fun I had arranged.

Now its with some trepadation that as a punter you approach a WL's door. The advent of the online advertising has certainly removed much of the unexpected, however even so, I still have had some disappointing punts as profiles are not always accurate. Sometimes your pleasently suprised about what you find when the door opens, and sometimes bitterly dissapointed.
So standing there at the door, about to knock, I always get a little uneasy about who/what is on the other side. 

As the door opened, and I nervously ventured it, the smile on my face must have said a thousand words. Not only is Ashton the very same woman from her profile pictures, her body tight, taut and terrific, and her face is spectacular, in particular her stunningly beautiful eyes.

She greeted me at the door with a sensual kiss, lead me into her boudior and quickly took care of formalities. She undressed me, and grabbed my hands and guided them to undress her. She rubbed her amazing bottom all over front, teasing me as she directed me backwards into the shower. 

Ashton proceeded to share the most erotic arousing shower with me that I have ever experienced in many years on the punt. Once we were suitably scrubbed clean, she then lead me back to the bed.

As we made ourselves comfortable in the bed, Ashton started exploring my body. She lay in my arms, and between passionate kisses, let her hands and mouth explore the uncharted waters of our first time together. She jumped on top, sliding her lithe little body all over mine, she squirmed herself over ever inch. Her mouth explored trying to find all my little likes. She kept trying to squirm herself on to my hand, encouraging me to start my own explorations, but I wouldn't play. I didn't want to make it too easy for her so I enjoyed watching her squirm expectantly as I purposely refused and focus on teasing her back instead. 

After a little while she grabbed a condom to start a CBJ which I prefer (can't ever be too careful) and locked her amazing stare deep into my eyes as she enveloped my dick straight down her throat. As sexy a sight as it was, I couldnt wrest my eyes from staring at her eyes. 

Wanting to return the favour to Ashton, I wriggled my way down her body, to pay my respects to her holy temple. Either Ashton is an actress worth of an Academy Award or unlike a lot of WL's I've had the "pleasure" of seeing, Ashton readily lets her self go and seems to enjoy herself as much as I know I was. My teasing had gotten her suprising "in the mood" and it wasn't too long before she was moaning, squirming and letting me know just how much she was enjoying herself. 

As she basked in post orgasmic glory, she thanked me for my efforts, as she pulled my face back up to hers so she could deeply and passionately kiss me. 
Ashton then swallowed me whole again, lubing me up for the action ahead.

I have to admit by this stage, Ashton was so beautiful and had gotten me so hot and bothered that try as I might, I didn't last as long as I wanted to, and we were fast approaching the end of our time together. I am kicking myself now that I had only booked the hour, because there is no way an hour is long enough to spend with suchj a vivacious, sexy, erotic and beautiful woman. 

Ashton has certainly gone to the head of my favourites list of WL's I've seen recently. Though next time, I certainly will be booking for at least 2 hours if not more. I also am looking forward to our next time together, as Ashton seems to be one of the few WL's I've seen recently who comes across as one who likes to learn exactly what turns her partner on with a view to remembering it for later on. 

I couldnt recommend her highly enough - now must keep earning commission now at work so I can induldge myself again soon!


Floor: #2
Post Time: 22nd January 2011, 12:27 AM
Poster ID: hushabomb15
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
There's only one thing wrong? How do we get in touch with her? Its like eating chocolate in front of a chick. You're slack if you don't offer her a piece. You got a link or mobile?


Floor: #3
Post Time: 22nd January 2011, 01:07 AM
Poster ID: GentlemanPerth
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
You can find her advertising on PG, Cracker and a few other sites.

She isn't difficult to find )

But to make it easy for you, here is the link 

http://www.privategirls.com.au/ashton_moore.php


Floor: #4
Post Time: 17th April 2011, 09:09 PM
Poster ID: magictonic
Post Title: 
 Ashton Moore
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Ashton Moore

Establishment: Private

Date of Visit: Feb 

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: http://www.ashtonmoore.info/

Hours of Business: Call to confirm

Rates: $400 PH

Age: 20s

Size/shape: 8

Nationality or Ethnicity: Australian

Services Provided: GFE

Value for money/recommend?: Yes

My experience/comments:

Have seen Ashton a couple of times now, Always greets you with a smile and DFK

She is attractive and fun to be with, enthusastic and sassy

Enjoys kissing and Daty on her, CBJ which is good and happy in 69..

Rode me cowgirl and reverse cowgirl which was great to watch in the mirrors 

Doggie and missionary all available with plenty of passionate kissing 

Finish with COB 

More than happy to join you in the shower afterwards 

A pleasure to be with and enjoys herself


Floor: #5
Post Time: 17th April 2011, 09:36 PM
Poster ID: andrewblake
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Welcome to AUXR MT,

Great review of a babe.. she looks like the perfect GFE and another to add to my list! here pics are enticing!

Well done and keep posting and reviewing..

AB


Floor: #6
Post Time: 29th May 2011, 06:24 PM
Poster ID: sunyun
Post Title: 
 Review of Ashton More, Perth WA
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name:  Ashton More

Establishment :  Private

Date of Visit:  23/5/2011

Contact Details/Address/Weblink:  Privategirls

Hours of Business:   10am - 7.00pm

Rates:  $450 per hour

Age:  23

Size/shape:  8

Nationality or Ethnicity:  Australian

Services Provided:  Full service

Value for money/recommend?:  

My experience/comments: Went along and visited Ashton More yesterday. Her web description is pretty accurate, 20s, size 8, blonde (short hair), pretty face. CBJ, DATY, mutual touching and kissing.  Her service was very enthusiastic, and she was not a clock watcher.
My only criticism is that she was very young and a bit inexperienced, and although she had a sequence she clearly usually followed, once something different happened, she was a bit lost - but I soon got her back on track. (I wanted to start with a shower together and this confused her, but she soon got into it and appeared to enjoy the experience - maybe she is just a good actress !).

Generally, I would certainly revisit. This is one who will get better with succeeding visits.

Cheers.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 31st May 2011, 11:02 AM
Poster ID: magictonic
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hi sunyun
Just a question on Ashton where did you see her ?
Noticed it says Burswood on her PG profile ,I saw her last in Northbridge 
Cheers


Floor: #8
Post Time: 6th June 2011, 02:29 AM
Poster ID: sunyun
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hi Magictonic,

I saw her in Fitzgerald St, Northbridge.

She said that she shared the apartment with another girl, but they never were there together.

Cheers.


Floor: #9
Post Time: 28th April 2013, 07:48 PM
Poster ID: chaale
Post Title: 
 Ashton - 0424 475 122  - Perth
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name:Ashton
Establishment: private

Date of Visit:23/4/13

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: Ashton Moore Private Perth Escort 0424 475 122

Hours of Business: Monday to Friday 10-6pm

Rates:400/hr

Age:21

Size/shape:8

Nationality or Ethnicity: Caucasian

Services Provided: Full Service

Value for money/recommend?: Awesome value for money un rushed

My experience/comments:

I arranged to see Ashton upon reading on her profile that she does  doubles with Monique. I hv always enjoyed Monique's service so figured  if this chick works with Monique then she should provide a similar style  of service..

Emailed Ashton and got a prompt response. We communicated back and forth like this until the day of our appt.

At the door, i was greeted by a lovely young lady around 20-22. She is a  slim size 8 (possibly even a 6), has a bright smile and amazingly sexy  eyes. We got the preliminaries out of the way quickly and both hopped  into the shower together.

After a sensuous scrub down we made our way to the bedroom and things heated up..

The ubiquitous massage table (that i read about in the other review) was there as well but we opted to use the bed instead :-)

Exploring Ashton's body from head to toes was like enjoying a delicious  dessert  :-) She doesn't mind being vocal either so it only added to the  atmosphere…

In the heat of this moment the hour flew past and before we knew it, our time together was at an end… for the moment.

I found Ashton to be a very vivacious and intelligent young lady. She  knows what she wants and doesn't mind being a little assertive. She's  also enthusiastic and makes an effort to engage with her client..

All up, i look forward to catching up with Ashton again in the next  couple of weeks and have no doubt that our next appt will be even better  than the first one.


