Thread Title: Asian Lucy - Perth WA - 0402 927 299
Floor: #1
Post Time: 6th February 2016, 11:57 PM
Poster ID: gmonkey
Post Title: 
 Asian Lucy - Perth WA - 0402 927 299
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lucy

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : December 2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0402927299 sexy young uni student lucy is ready for you, short time only.... - Perth escorts - cracker.com.au

Hours of Business : Call to see if available

Rates : 180ph

Age : 23 approx

Size/shape : slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : asian

Services Provided : full (inc bbbj)

Value for money/recommend? : Cheap and cheerful, not bad

My experience/comments :
I'll start by saying we all know never to trust an asian girls ad's picture as to what they look like, this was no exception to that rule. Looked not even close! She was still cute but the picture showed a girl with what is atleast full c cups, this girl barely had b cups.

Although she wasnt the girl or near the description i decide why not, she was very shy but friendly, started with a a massage and kissing my body. She then ask me to take off my shirt and started sucking on my nipples. She then kissed just above my belt i couldnt take it anymore and took off my pants, she proceeded lower and gave me a fairly good bbbj (just a bit shallow cause of her small mouth).

She didnt let me play with her at all, but didnt take her long to put a condom on me and ride cowgirl. She grinded away. We then moved to doggy but she asked me to stop as was hurting her she said, so changed again to missionary after about 5 more minutes i came.

After the sex we laid there for a bit and she gave me another massage, wanted to go again but she said only 1 go for an hour.

Enjoyable but always get disappointed that these girls don't use their real pictures.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 7th February 2016, 05:01 PM
Poster ID: baldie
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Is it the same girl as the one in this ad?

oral queen, cindy give u the best oral ever...... - Melbourne escorts - cracker.com.au


Floor: #3
Post Time: 7th February 2016, 07:37 PM
Poster ID: gmonkey
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Probably.. id say that one is fake too.

Good to use tinyeye on pictures, searches the web for other locations theyre posted. If they are genuine and real hood chance is you wont find other locations.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 10th February 2016, 10:34 PM
Poster ID: ahong
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thats a good tip Gmonkey


Floor: #5
Post Time: 4th July 2016, 01:41 PM
Poster ID: Sumguy85
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by gmonkey


Probably.. id say that one is fake too.  Good to use tinyeye on pictures, searches the web for other locations theyre posted. If they are genuine and real hood chance is you wont find other locations
"""



  You can use Google images.  Open the Google search engine, click on "images", then left click and hold on the image you want to use, straight from the browser, and drag it into the search box, (a message will appear in the search box saying "drop image here") And that's it.   If the page with the image and Google search are in the same window, just drag the image over the Google tab and after a second you will switch to the Google tab.  Make sure you have safe search turned off.


