Thread Title: Asuka - Balga - 0451 701 474
Floor: #1
Post Time: 3rd June 2011, 05:31 PM
Poster ID: Callas
Post Title: 
 Asuka - Balga - 0451 701 474
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Asuka

Establishment : Private house in Balga, WA

Date of Visit: About 20th June, 2011

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: Private Escorts : STOP Looking Around!!!Real BFE &JAP LOVER IS

Hours of Business: Didn't ask. I was there at about 10:00 am

Rates: $110 for 30 min

Age: 25 ish

Size/shape: Nice figure. A bit 'fuller of figure' than the photos suggest. Probably size 10-12. Well proportioned.

Nationality or Ethnicity: Japanese, English was quite good.

Services Provided: Massage, cbj, daty, full service.

Value for money/recommend?: Yes

My experience/comments: 

Firstly, I'm not totally sure that the Asuka that I saw was the one advertised in the link, although she assured me that she was.
The place was a discreet house on a corner that was pretty easy to find. She asked me to park around the corner (not in her street) as the neighbours were a bit dirty on people parking on their part of the verge.
The house was neat and clean. The showers were good too.
I was short of time so I only enquired about the 1/2 hour. Asuka had a nice figure and gave me a nice soft then sensual massage. when I rolled over, she gave the standard nipple licking, while stroking and making the little fella ready for action. She worked her way down and gave a nice cbj. Normally I like to daty, so she flipped around for a bit of 69 action. Tasted very nice too.
She then proceeded to ride me cowgirl. Got to take in the full view of her quite nice breasts.
After we'd finished, I asked her about the AV actressing in Japan. She said that AV actressing was only for 'poor' girls and that she had never done it. She said that she had studied nursing in the USA and was now in Australia to (I quote) "study fucking."
She escorted me to the door and gave me a nice hug and a kiss goodbye. She was quite a bubbly personality and good fun to be with.

Total package 8.5/10


Floor: #2
Post Time: 7th June 2011, 08:54 PM
Poster ID: thamunkii
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Address is Derrington Cr Balga


Floor: #3
Post Time: 12th June 2011, 05:58 PM
Poster ID: Xmin
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Does anyone have any contact details for this lady?

The link provided is dead


Floor: #4
Post Time: 23rd June 2011, 10:22 AM
Poster ID: ggg4m3
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Asuka

Establishment : 2 Derrington Rd

Date of Visit: May 30

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: 0451701474 / 2 Derrington Rd, Balga / weblink down?

Hours of Business: ?

Rates: $110 (30 min)

Age: I would guess 30's

Size/shape: Actually had some resemblance to the photos in her ads but her body was filled out a lot. Claims to be 38D. A little plump but cute face. 

Nationality or Ethnicity: Japanese, spoke fluent japanese and english, surprisingly

Services Provided: licking, GFE, CBJ, FS, Massage, JAV-esque PSE

Value for money/recommend?: Yes!

My experience/comments: Since there's not really any discreet parking, parked at the front gate. Greeted at the door by the mamasan and was almost given another WL (despite booking beforehand). Luckily I pointed out the pricing discrepancy (the other one was cheaper) and I was told to wait while Asuka came in. Asuka was dressed in a tiny miniskirt and bikini, although she was a little plump, still had some resemblance to her photos in her ad and had a cute face. Can't remember how but she found out I could speak a little japanese, so our session was rather JAV (Japanese Adult Video) like, much to my enjoyment. 

I found Asuka to be quite subservient and playful, and I had a great time. Sort of felt like a JAV PSE with much japanese vocal encouragement provided throughout the service. Teasing and licking at the start followed by great CBJ, then FS with her being on top and we switched to missionary after. Post FS massage was ok. 

For anyone wanting a slice of JAV action, would definitely recommend Asuka, have not experienced anything as genuine as this.


