Thread Title: Australian Ashlee - Scarborough, now Yokine - (Contact via email)
Floor: #1
Post Time: 8th March 2015, 06:09 PM
Poster ID: Callas
Post Title: 
 Australian Ashlee - Scarborough, now Yokine - (Contact via email)
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Australian Ashlee

Establishment : Private unit in small complex in Scarborough

Date of Visit : Late January, 2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : http://perth.locanto.com.au/ID_41904...REAL-PICS.html

Hours of Business : Mon - Fri 10am - 9pm, Sat & Sun 11am - 9pm.

Rates : $170/half, $220/hour

Age : Claims 35, maybe 35-40

Size/shape : Slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Photos: May well be her, but certainly didn't match up on the day. Photos certainly not taken at the place I saw her.

Services Provided : BBBJ, DATY (not enthusiastic at all), FS

Value for money/recommend? : Not really

My experience/comments : 

Hi everyone...it's been a while !

I'd seen her ad on Locanto a few times, and she did advertise on Cracker too for a while. I e-mailed her a few times on various days, texted and called with no luck. Looking at her photos I thought that she looked hot and must be pretty busy. Anyway, I rang one day and she called straight back so we agreed on me visiting her straight away that afternoon.

She directed me to an address and told me to call when I got there. I did and she said to walk around the back, and that she'd come out to meet me. It was a real high density living part of Scarbs, and the unit was a one-bedroom in a fairly run down complex. Inside, it was neat and tidy though.

She was barefoot and her feet weren't looking like she'd just jumped out of the shower. She was in a surf dress from Bali, that you could just make out her undies. Not sexy ones though. I commented that she was hard to get hold of, and she said that she only sees a few clients per day.

We lay on the bed. She had a fairly nice body and was OK to look at too. Her hair could have used a wash though. She was nice to talk to, and we chatted a bit as she stroked my chest for 5 minutes or so. She had nice titties (for a 35-40 year old), not too saggy and nipples pointed up. I had a play with them, but she wasn't into any form of kissing. She quite liked nuzzling into her neck and her nipples sucked. I decided to proceed further south for some DATY. She was reasonably fresh but kept squeezing my head with her thighs, and she wouldn't really part her legs. I gave up. She gave me an unenthusiastic BBBJ before rolling on a rubber. I stood up and she got on all fours at the edge of the bed for some doggie. Again there was a bit of a lack of enthusiasm. I finished the job and lay down. She got up and rinsed herself at the sink and then brought some toilet tissues to clean me up. 

We were half an hour into the one hour now. She asked if I'd like to cut the session to half hour and she'd give me a refund. I agreed, so she gave me $50 back. While I was dressing, she was on her phone telling someone to just drive around the back. So much for the few clients a day, I thought. I got escorted out a side door and was walking back to my car as the other vehicle drove down the driveway. She was there in the dress again.

Maybe I caught her on an off day but I don't think I'd go back. Of course, YMMV


Floor: #2
Post Time: 8th March 2015, 06:51 PM
Poster ID: nextlif
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Ashlee's Locanto ad ; email her through Locanto for her phone number





			
				Hi my name is Ashlee. Have an hour to kill? In between your lunch break? In between meetings or simply wanting to spoil yourself. You will immediately feel at ease in my presence. I am warm, vibrant and passionate. Available during the day 10am-9pm. My service is INCALLS ONLY! Privately located in Scarborough. Safe and secure discrete parking.

****Where the girl in the pics is actually the girl who opens the door!****Let me restore your confidence 


MY AVAILABILITY 
Monday to Friday	10am-9pm
Sat & Sun 11am-9pm
When making a booking please allow 1hrs notice. So I can make myself beautiful for you!

ABOUT ME 
Age: 35 years old 
Hair Colour: Brunette 
Dress Size: Slim size 10 
Bust: Natural C cup perky breasts 
Silky and smooth all over 
Presentation: Immaculately groomed from head to toe. I always dress to impress with sexy lingerie and take great care of my appearance

MY SERVICE
GFE - Girl Friend Experience 
Kissing
Erotic Full body massge- Nude Massge with body sliding (with or without oil) 
Intimate, playful foreplay 
Mutual oral
Mind blowig oral 
Striptease 
Mutual Masturbation
Nude body slide 
Sexy lingerie
Dirty Talk 
Mutual masturbation 
Sex in a variety of positions

MY RATES
30mins $170
1hr $220
Method of payment is by CASH ONLY! 



TO MAKE A BOOKING
Please email me with your booking details and I will send you my phone number.
With your 
NAME
PHONE NUMBER
TIME OF BOOKING
HOW LONG FOR


