Thread Title: Ava - Perth & NOR - 0413 692 317
Floor: #1
Post Time: 7th January 2015, 04:36 PM
Poster ID: Solution
Post Title: 
 Ava - Perth & NOR - 0413 692 317
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Ava

Establishment : Private, Butler or Perth CBD

Date of Visit : December

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0413692317 - advertises on locanto as a MILF - many ads

Hours of Business : Around the clock

Rates : $350 p/h + Extras

Age : Says 39 - a very poorly kept 39

Size/shape : She's a fugly bogan vagrant - not even a butter face... very tall, untoned, stretch marks, saddlebags, bruises all over her ... has big tits... Unfortunately she looks like a drug fucked tranny. There were signs of recreational drug use around her room along with multi-vitamins... 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie bogan

Services Provided : Regrettably; BBBJ, Fingering, FS

Value for money/recommend? : Put her on the blacklist, she's rotten. I am bitterly disappointed that there was not a review warning me so I am taking the time to review this one now.

My experience/comments :

I am traumatised by the experience and the fact that I have nothing at all nice to say. She was a charity case but also one where I seriously felt like I had to proceed or I was going to get my throat slit or something. Probably sounds stupid but it was a shocking punt.

So I got reeled in big time with this one. Her photos looked pretty decent and when I spoke to her on the phone she sounded a little rough around the edges but also like a horny Aussie soccer mum.... my brain started filling in the gaps and low an behold Ava was a sexy yummy mummy......... UNTIL the booking.

First impression entering her dark home in the bright hot sun was a tall athletic looking woman. It wasn't until I got inside when my eyes adjusted that everything sank and my dick probably inverted...... She was fidgety, running late, and still bloody disorganised and despite what ever she did to beautify herself before the booking it didn't bloody work. Scanning the room I spotted a Bong and other drug related paraphernalia alongside a contradictory stack of vitamin supplements. WTF? Just google meth heads and look at the photos of women to get a vague idea of her appearance - she's cooked.

Reluctantly I undressed. I am sure she sensed my discomfort which made her even more fidgety and let out a very angry aura..... I was scared. I would prefer not to go into anymore detail than this but lets just say I stayed 5 minutes and left after discovering a very funky pussy. 

Driving away, my tail between my legs, gagging, and down some shut the fuck up and stop screaming at me dollars, I proceeded to scan some other locanto ads... decided being down a few bucks some cheap and cheerful HAB might be on the menu. Dropped in on a place in Applecross only to look, turn away, apologise and walk......... December was truly a bad month of punting.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 7th January 2015, 06:35 PM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
The ad, http://perth.locanto.com.au/ID_34378...ougar-Cum.html





			
				You get Free Extra Time if You Make this Cougar Cum - 39

Time if You Make this Cougar Cum, Perth - <span class="header-age">39</span>
If u think u can then here's the deal. I will give you extra time for free if you get my pussy purring and sshh I been told its not that hard to do. I'm an attractive sexy cougar looking to explore my sexual boundaries and limits. I am very open minded and adventurous and willing to try new things. So Don't be shy come and make me cum if u can
Rates start at
200 half hour
350 full hour
Plus any extras on top like
Natural oral cim Cof anal etc
So call me now to claim your free time
Ava
0413692317
			
		

You'll Get Extra Time Free if You Make this Cougar Cum - perth escorts - backpage.com


Floor: #3
Post Time: 30th August 2015, 07:11 PM
Poster ID: jesusss
Post Title: 
 Cougar Ava - Perth WA - 0413 692 317
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Ava

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 25/5/15

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Doubleview WA Phone 0413 692 317 .. http://perth.locanto.com.au/ID_45971...me-to-You.html

Hours of Business : Ring Ava

Rates : $350

Age : 40

Size/shape : 10-12

Nationality or Ethnicity : Austalian

Services Provided : Full service

Value for money/recommend? : Maybe, Wouldn't return myself

My experience/comments :

Not that great writing reviews but here goes, Found Ava on Locanato, she has a number of different ad's on there and offers a number of different services at an ok price, So thought I'd give her ago after finding a what seemed to be a good review on her else where, It was easy enough to get in contact with her and replied back pretty quick,
Found the place easy and up to the door, she was ok not really my type, her photo's are real and her body in nice maybe lightly touched up in the photo's not sure, Didn't really click with her,
she kept going about her life and all the the problems she was having, not that it bothers me but seemed to talk more about her problems than focusing on the session, she looked looked and seemed high as well not my thing,
she did seem to be a nice person just with a lot of problems,
Overall I wouldn't see her again.


