Thread Title: Babi - Bayswater - 0438 112 277
Floor: #1
Post Time: 17th June 2011, 02:13 AM
Poster ID: zilikon
Post Title: 
 Babi - Bayswater - 0438 112 277
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Babi

Establishment : Private house. Cantlebury Rd, Bayswater WA

Date of Visit: June 2011

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: Private Escorts : Babi@ YU

Hours of Business: 9am to late

Rates: $110/ 30 min, $180/60 min, $150/45 min

Age: 23

Size/shape: 6

Nationality or Ethnicity: Korean

Services Provided: Sensual massages, licking, french, mutual,
full service, GFE and unrushed service.

Value for money/recommend?: yep, would go back

My experience/comments: (Here you must give at least a general description of the experience which you have had - 25 word minimum is required to give fellow members an idea of time spent - "Ill be back" or "good value" is not a sentence or review. )

Easy to find the place, quite hard to find at night though as google maps were wrong haha. The number outside had glowing neons which indicated the place and easier to find. Took 1 hr so $180. She's similar to the photos but shes quite pretty in real life. Showered first then went into the room, she came in. Started off with BBBJ. She's quite good at it, did cow girl etc. I think she didnt perform as well cos I went at night. She was quite tired she said. Overall good experience. Best BBBJ. When we rest, she spoke limited english so yeah..she made effort to chat.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 17th June 2011, 05:51 AM
Poster ID: Onedegreemore
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Aren't you worried that the  nosey neighbours are recording all the rego numbers, and perhaps taking photos of all the visitors?


Floor: #3
Post Time: 18th June 2011, 12:02 AM
Poster ID: Solution
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
The neighbors do that hey?


Floor: #4
Post Time: 18th June 2011, 05:59 PM
Poster ID: Garzon
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Yes, yep, the neighbors also do that "boom-boom" secretly, HAHAHAa...they pretend to do gardening but yes "gardening" in those flower house


Floor: #5
Post Time: 28th June 2011, 01:29 AM
Poster ID: angrybert
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
went on mid June, tried Babi.. have similar experience as Zilikon... but i took half hour, she did claim that she was tired.. coz i went on friday night.. wrong decision.. she heavily make-up, wasn't sure she look like the photo.. haha.. but she is ok looking..i'm fine with it.. she is nice.. fun eventhough she was tired.. she know what she doing.. she did really good BBBJ... she like doggy style... haha... she wasn't fluent in English.. not to blame coz she just recently came over from Korea i think.. 

Comments: Fun, Happy with her service, definitely will go back (if i got money... T,T)


Floor: #6
Post Time: 25th July 2011, 11:11 PM
Poster ID: baldie
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Babi

Establishment : Private house. Cantlebury Rd, Bayswater WA

Date of Visit : Midweek, couple of weeks ago.

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Babi, Bayswater

Hours of Business: 9am to late

Rates: $110/ 30 min, $180/60 min, $150/45 min

Age: 23

Size/shape: 6, nicely curved, large boobs compared to the rest of her small body. Stunning face.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Korean

Services Provided : FS, BBBJ, Kiss, but no DFK

Value for money/recommend? : Yes, when compared to other more "mainstream" establishments; OK if comparing to other Korean places.

My experience/comments : First in foremost got there and had the bloke answer the door, which was weird. Steered toward the first room, but didn't mind because Babi is gorgeous. From what I could see, the pics on BC are definitely her, especially the third photo. After a shower, headed back to the room, I was surprised when told me to lie on my back and got straight to it- not in a rushed manner, but more without the teasing I usually like. I told her I thought it would be nice if she allowed me to turn over so I could have a short teasing massage. She was a bit surprised, but quite happy to accommodate me with a quick tease, and actually started to have a bit of fun as I'm quite ticklish. From there I think she warmed up a bit and the session was much friendlier, and quite fun. We had a nice time, though she did stop at a certain point saying she had back pain. Admittedly I'm not a fan of missionary or doggie, so I declined to change positions, but I told her I wasn't too worried about the orgasm because I was enjoying myself. So we played around a bit and after the time was up she finished me off with a sensational handjob. Showered and went home.

All in all:
-I can't believe how good-looking some of these girls are
-I don't think I'd go back because it's in a residential area
-I prefer a bit more sensual massage
-Babi is gorgeous and eager to please if she warms to you.
-I think she's getting overworked because I had the "tiredness" problem too


