Thread Title: Becky Anderson - Rockingham - 0481 150 267
Floor: #1
Post Time: 19th June 2014, 11:43 PM
Poster ID: bumlovin
Post Title: 
 Becky Anderson - Rockingham - 0481 150 267
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name:Becky Anderson

Establishment: Private

Date of Visit: 19/06/2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: 0481150267 Escorts and Babes Profile

Hours of Business: 24-7/Ring for availability

Rates: GFE $400/hr; PSE $600/hr (These are her standard advertized rates, but she does great discounts for longer bookings & regulars and often has the occasional specials advertized – look for her ads everywhere i.e. locanto, backpage, cracker, etc.).

Age: 25ish

Size/shape: Slender

Nationality or Ethnicity: Australian/Caucasian

Services Provided: Full Service, GFE, Anal, PSE

Value for money/recommend?: Absolutely great value and I couldn't recommend any higher! 

My experience/comments: HOORAY!!! After so many false starts and fuck arounds I've finally had an epically major punting win!

What can I honestly say about Becky without sounding like I'm an advertisement?! This fine young lady is one of the most ultimate hardcore sex buddy experiences I've ever had! She is a natural dirty blonde (in more ways than one! ), has a lovely well proportioned slender body, wonderful perky tits, a magnificent butt, a face that is easy on the eyes, an immaculate pussy and the tightest, most pleasuring arsehole you could ever hope to plunder. On top of that she has a great easy-going personality, genuinely smart and conversational, always extremely keen to please you and she is definitely no clock watcher and will go overtime just to  make sure you are looked after (the only downside to that is that it can get her into trouble with being not being quite so punctual and late  for bookings!).

In the bedroom she can be rather submissive to your needs (or more aggressive if you prefer…), and quite simply does it all (you name it, she'll do it) and as well as (if not better) than any woman I've been with. She is no-holes-barred kind of girl and can take as much of a pounding as you can give. In particular Becky gives the absolutely best blowjob (BBBJ so completely natural and all part of the standard service) you can ever hope to have. Put it this way I'm not a huge blowie fan, I mean I definitely like them and it feels good, but I don't go nuts over it like some other blokes and in fact I never managed to cum from one before… but this girl's oral technique… wow! She managed to do what no other woman has ever managed to do before, and I happily nutted in her mouth and she swallowed it all up without a fuss. I haven't even got to the best part… this young succubus is quite simply an absolute anal freak (perfect for me considering anal is my favourite kind of fun ) and genuinely prefers the backdoor action! And my word that bumhole of hers is ridiculously tight and feels incredibly amazing. And the fact you can fuck it as hard as you like in any position you like just makes it all the better.

I'm struggling to find a bad thing to say, to make sure I'm giving a balanced review, but you know what? Other than the fact that she can be hard to get a hold of because she is extremely popular and books up very quickly (wonder why? ) and the possibility that she might be late (because she is probably going out of her way to make the last client feel wonderful) I can't say anything.

Bottom line: Best damn escort I've ever had the pleasure of being acquainted with and I've fucked (and been fucked around by) plenty in my time. So make a booking, your dick will never be able to thank you enough!!!

YES! This girl really and truly does exist!!!


Floor: #2
Post Time: 8th May 2015, 07:08 PM
Poster ID: Solution
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Becky

Establishment : Private - Tuart Hill

Date of Visit : May 2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : As above

Hours of Business : Varies

Rates : $500 per hour

Age : 20's

Size/shape : as above

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : Seems to do everything

Value for money/recommend? : Contrary to the above review I would absolutely not recommend her.

My experience/comments: 

She seemed like a girl to try out at least once after seeing her ad and website - so a scheduled with Becky well in advance and locked in the time. Confirmed twice in the lead up to the appointment time. This was a completely pointless exercise as this girl seriously has some major time management issues. Without going into all the detail this girl had me drive all the way to her suburb and wait , and wait, and wait, and wait, and wait and wait......... AND WAIT. Wait no longer I cancelled because I had to be somewhere else.

What followed was a volley of angry messages because I inconvenienced her by not waiting over 40 minutes beyond the scheduled appointment time. 

So i don't recommend her unless you have lots of spare time on your hands and don't mind being dicked around. I won't have the opportunity of trying to reschedule because I am apparently "Blocked"...... alas - with some of the mixed reviews I've seen on other sites I'm thinking I probably have dodged a bullet. There were some other contents of our communication which had some alarm bells ringing for me too.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 9th May 2015, 03:46 PM
Poster ID: WOTAN01
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
So it was a non event and a non review, so not sure why you used the template, Solution.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 10th May 2015, 03:14 PM
Poster ID: Solution
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by WOTAN010


So it was a non event and a non review, so not sure why you used the template, Solution
"""



All part of my devious plan to clock up reviews ! No sorry - a habbit.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 28th December 2015, 08:26 PM
Poster ID: Macbeth.
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Becky still seems to advertise as being available in Perth, however I tried contacting her for a booking 2 or 3 times in October and November without getting any kind of meaningful response. It seemed like there could have been automated test responses to unanswered calls that I made to her, and there was no response to any texts that I sent.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 25th November 2018, 10:03 PM
Poster ID: pj80
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name:Becky Anderson

Establishment: Private

Date of Visit: 25/11/2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: 0481150267.Escorts and Babes Profile

Hours of Business: found her hard to get hold of.  Ad says 24/7

Rates:.GFE.$400/hr;.PSE.$600/hr (These are her standard advertized rates, she does discounts, i got these rates for PSE 30 min for 250 instead of 300 or an hour for 400 instead of 450

Age: 26

Size/shape: 8 with A/B cup 

Nationality or Ethnicity: Australian/Caucasian

Services Provided: Full Service,.GFE, Anal,.PSE

Value for money/recommend: No not for me

Have had this lady on my bucket list for a long time now and well thats where i should have kept her.
Got to her place at the time agreed but she was late, 15-20 mis after the time agreed she let me in and was still getting ready.
Now i can say she is very pleasant and apologies for not been read and did really make excuses.

She got changed and we are into the deed, her BBBJ not the best and really is just her going about the motions. Lets say the video of her on the web link is as good as it gets. She has a sensitive clit so DATY is a no go and i had to go slow because she hadn't gotten herself prepped?

Onto anal and i must say her arse is great and really does feel good a lot better then her pussy. Getting bored but i move from arse to puss and back again before getting her on top cowgirl, she tells me she not very quick or good on top and shes right. 

So to finish it was BBBJ and a wank to finish over her face.

Overall this one is rather good looking and has a smoking body, but thats were it all ends her write up on the ad is a work of art and should win some kind of literature award. So lkke i said was on my bucket list and should have stayed there payed $250 for 30mins PSE(discounted) which got me a load release and a short video. But im wont be back.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 7th July 2019, 10:31 PM
Poster ID: Blimpy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Visited Becky recently, covers her arms in foundation to disguise track marks. I saw them gave her a little 