Thread Title: Becky BBW - South Perth - 0478711474
Floor: #1
Post Time: 12th July 2016, 05:18 AM
Poster ID: Sumguy85
Post Title: 
 Becky BBW - South Perth - 0478711474
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Becky

Establishment : Private townhouse.

Date of Visit : May 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : http://perth.locanto.com.au/ID_49028...ER-ON-NOW.html

Hours of Business : 

Rates : 
15min blow and go and/or quickie $100
30min $150 (cum once)
45min $200 (cum twice)
60min $250 (cum twice)

Age : Mid 30's

Size/shape : Size 18, Hcup

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : full, (incl. anal, bbbj, prostate massage, vaginal fisting)

Value for money/recommend? : Depends


My Comments:
I'll start by saying I'm not that into BBW, though usually I like their tits, and Becky has some great ones.
The main reason I visited her is because she had a special on of an extra service with a full time booking, so I chose fisting.

The Visit:
I went to the door and she greeted me, and showed me upstairs. Since it was a 45 minute booking she offered me the opportunity to come twice, (by coming once early in the session), which I thought was nice.

Started with a bit cock sucking, where she had this habit of just sort of licking/sucking the head first then putting the condom on. It was a slow BJ, and she went all the way down and I bottomed out on the back of her throat. Felt pretty nice and not rushed. 

I went to a bit of DATY and then we went into the fisting. She inspected my hand for cuts and nails and talked me through the process. It was a fairly precise process and I couldn't do much else while fisting, since any change in angle broke her mood and I had to find that position again.

After she came I went on my back again for some more BJ and then into some mish and finishing with doggy.

The 45 minutes seemed to fly by, (I think she took the session from the exact time of the booking, even though I was a few minutes late), and felt a bit rushed toward the end. Showered then left.

Further Notes:
Likes; 
*Quite professional, 
*once you visit she sends texts notifying you of specials etc for a few months, 
*seems down to earth
*Bathroom and room clean and tidy.

Dislikes;
*Not particularly friendly or welcoming
*Was wearing an large singlet and knickers when she answered door and her hair looked a bit messy - not a lot like the pictures in her ads
*A bit too methodical for my liking - maybe if I had something specific it might have been different.
*TERRIBLE MUZAK! She put on this god awful CD of some no-names doing acoustic covers of good songs - I think it was meant to be relaxing..
*I never got a good chance to play with those tits! 

Maybe I caught her on a bad day, but her prices seem reasonable and she is up for most things.
During the fisting I would try and suck her nipple, or lick her clit - those were a no go, consequently it became a bit of a chore, (maybe my hands were larger than normal). Still, it's off my bucket list 

Glad for the experience, but since we didn't click, I don't think I will go back .


