Thread Title: Bette - Medina - 0449 853 301
Floor: #1
Post Time: 28th June 2013, 08:27 AM
Poster ID: Hot_kp
Post Title: 
 Bette - Medina - 0449 853 301
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Bette

Establishment : Private house in Medina (WA near Rockingham)

Date of Visit : 13th June 2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 
Advertises in the Mandurah coastal times - ph: 0449 853 301

Hours of Business : she answered the phone pretty late but not sure 

Rates : $100/hr FS

Age : 40ish

Size/shape : BBW girl. She says size 16 but I say about a 20, C cups, olive skin, short hair and fully shaven. 

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian with something else 

Services Provided : on the phone she says 3 types of massages, oral, Spanish, intercourse and kissing. 

Value for money/recommend? :  value for money yes but I can't recommend. 

My experience/comments :  Bette is a very uninhibited chatty lady. I arrived and she was very welcoming wearing a wrap around and not much else. Took me into room 1 and I paid. And was told to undress. As I undressed she removed her wrap and was naked before me. She's a big girl with the personality to match. I thought I was going on the table there but she took me into room 2 - the bathroom for a shower. She joined me in the shower and washed me from head to toe. Always talking. In a very personal direct kinda way. And did I say uninhibited? Like - she said "if you need to pee now is the time. It's not good having intercourse if your bladder is full. I need to so its ok if you do. And if you need to fart that's ok too. It's all natural you know." Wtf? Sorta strange. But she's a happy girl. So out of the shower and into room 3. The bedroom. The 3 massages consists of three different lotions - talc, tiger balm or something like Vicks. Into the massage and she has a gentle touch but that's all. Not exactly like a masseuse. Onto my back and she lay down next to me and spread her legs to let me play while stroking my cock. When I got a half woody she  slipped on a Dom, lubed up and sat on me. This wasn't working for me so into mish. This sorta worked and it was all over red rover. A quick clean up and I was outta there. No oral, no spanish, not much of anything really. So if you're just after getting a shot away then this is for you. 

The (subjective) Kp score:

Looks: 4/10
Body: 4/10
Blow Job: 0/10
Service: 4/10
Premises: 6/10

WIR: NO


