Thread Title: Black-pearl - Padbury - 0405 905 313
Floor: #1
Post Time: 13th July 2019, 03:44 AM
Poster ID: PhilanderPI
Post Title: 
 Black-pearl - Padbury - 0405 905 313
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name:Black Pearl

Establishment: private

Date of Visit:27/06/2019

Phone : 0405 905 313 

Hours of Business: ring/text Black Pearl

Rates:$70 BnG $100 30 min $130 Hour

Age:Mature in her mid 30s

Size/shape: Average, smooth curves and a smooth round tanned ass with large DD breasts that have been enhanced. She's sporting a dirty blonde hari style with no tattoos and is rather toned but definitely not garish.

Nationality or Ethnicity: Indonesian - Balinese

Services Provided: Full Service & Massage

Value for money/recommend?: Not bad, value for money but at times can be rushed.

My experience/comments:

Black Pearl is very accommodating with your requests. She can offer you a massage or a sensual massage before moving into a BBBJ and then full service in any position of your choice. She has gorgeous lips and tight where it counts when its time for action. She will let you cum on her breasts, ass or stomach, but condoms are a must of course. I spend 30 minutes with her and was treated to a massage then a sensual one with a body slide and then bbbj. She then proceeded to wrap her tight pussy around my cock and ride me. I then had her on her back and went in nice and deep and she is rather small and could feel me hitting the back of her. I then finished with doggy and then unloaded all over her breasts.

The only gripe is that when you finish it is all rather quick as she whisks away to get clean, so that is a rather unfortunate point. However, she does offer you a beverage prior or a water for the road so that is rather thoughtful.

She provides a shower and for what you pay for it is not bad. The place is a simple room that is immaculate with a large bed and is very quiet and tranquil. The bathroom is a simple 70s style affair but youre not there for that, but the bathroom is clean and the shower is spacious.

Black Pearl although a bit mechanical does hit the spot and certainly drains every last drop out of me.


