Thread Title: Brandy - Burswood - 0405 929 544
Floor: #1
Post Time: 1st February 2011, 02:32 PM
Poster ID: gstringer
Post Title: 
 Brandy - Burswood - 0405 929 544
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name:Brandy

Establishment (if applicable)rivate

Contact Details/Address:0405929544  Burswood

Hours of Business: (if known or applicable)from 10am

Prices:$400/hour  $250/half hour

Age:27

Size/shape:s8 slim

Nationality or Ethnicity:kiwi

Services:full, mutual french, kissing

Value for money/recommend?: reasonable value, would certainly recommend

My experience/comments: (Here you must have at least 1 full sentence - "Ill be back" or "good value" is not a sentence or review. 20 word minimum please)
I visited Brandy on her last trip to Perth. When I rang to enquire she sounded very friendly & helpful. After agreeing to my request to wear a bikini (sorry, lingerie just doesn't really do it for me) I made a booking for 1 1/2 hours. I arrived at her appartment in burswood & she buzzed me up. Now I always hate the moment just before the door opens, the suspense of wondering is she what I expected. The answer was no...she was beyond my wildest dreams! Stood there in a sexy bikini Brandy is definately model material. Lovely slim figure, well proportioned breasts, probably c cup. Her arse is so gorgeous I just had to see it in a g-string bikini, which I just happened to bring with me & she readilly agreed to wear. So while I took a shower, Brandy put on the bikini. And wow did it suit her! The fun started when she brought her girlfriend in to see my prince albert, aparently it's a novelty in nz lol. Would have been nice if her friend had stayed to join in the action alas she's not a working girl. We proceeded to the bed & engaged in a long session of foreplay lot's of dfk ,caressing & 69 (she tastes every bit as good as she looks!) Now one reason I like lots of foreplay is that once the rubber goes on it doesn't take long for me to cum, especially with a girl as sexy as Brandy. And true to form..... but then I always love the afterplay too! After a relaxing massage I then showered as alas even 90 minutes goes just way too quick.
All in all a very enjoyable time with a beautiful, friendly & dte girl. definately would like to see her again.


