Thread Title: Candy - west perth - 0400 119 823
Floor: #1
Post Time: 28th October 2018, 01:58 AM
Poster ID: ozuser
Post Title: 
 Candy - west perth - 0400 119 823
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Candy


Establishment : Private


Dave of Visit : 7/10/2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0400 119 823

Hours of Business : 10am to 5pm weekdays (weekends sometime available, pls check the ad)

Rates : $150 per 30 mins for sensual massage and start from $200 for FS

Age : 28 

Size/shape : Slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : Sensual Massage / FS / BDSM

Value for money/recommend? : yes

My experience/comments :
One of my friend recommended this girl, so i was look fwd to meet her.
I wanted to book for late evening appointment, unfortunately she doesnt take appointment after 5pm and most of the weekdays
she is busy with regular clents between 3:30pm and 5pm, so got an appointment at 2pm for 1 hour. 

First impression was stunning, nice looking aussie (apparently she is from England), doesn't matter she look hot.
Plust point is no bottom, yes no skirt, no jeans and ofcourse no panties as well. she open the door with bare bottom which is nice.

Took a shower to start with and back in the bedroom, bedroom was a bit tiny but was cozy so its good.
she took her top off and started with warm oil massage then the gentle body slide on my back with lot of ball teasing techniques.
after some time i got to turn back and the intense moments started with CBJ then  slowly she jumped on my top then few other positions.
it was a pleasant time and the 1 hour passed in a flash of time. In summary awesome girl and awesome time.

I will sure go back to her when i get a chance and i would strongly recommend to others without any hesitation. 

Please see the link below for more details:
https://perth.locanto.com.au/ID_2180...-cAnadian.html

Cheers


Floor: #2
Post Time: 9th November 2018, 06:34 PM
Poster ID: Legs11
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Candy

Establishment : Private residence in East Perth 

Date of Visit : 09 Nov 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://perth.locanto.com.au/ID_2180...-cAnadian.html 


Phone : 0400119823

Hours of Business : end of business day is 5 pm

Rates : 1/2 hour massage $150, 1 hour $200, Special endings 1/2hr $200, 1 hours $300

Age : 25 - 30

Size/shape : Slim - average

Nationality or Ethnicity : Canadian

Services Provided : HE massage and FS

Value for money/recommend? : YES

My experience/comments : 

I've seen Candy before but only for a Massage, asked when she was available and she only had a 1/2 free for the afternoon so I took the time. Greeted at her front door in her usual style....Naked from the waist down, bare bum and pussy on display as she strolled around the apartment, very nice to watch indeed, I was offered water and a shower. I come back from the shower and she is laying on the bed with legs slightly apart moving them back and forth, exceptional view.

I'm standing there naked as she closes the door and asks me "Massage or FS", I decided to go for the FS....good answer she says and with that she gets me on my stomach and starts with some massaging and tackle tickle, while rubbing her bare pussy on my leg and boobs on my back.

After a few minutes she asks me to flip and puts the condom in her mouth and applies it to the old fella and proceeds to give a CBJ, nice view of her bobbing her head, feeling her luscious boobs/nipples.

We move from her sitting on top facing me to her then reversing herself and showing me her arse, showing me all that was on to offer........working me up now and she suggests Doggie Style, pounding away and feeling her heavy boobs moving around we finish up for me with missionary and I let loose........while I'm kneeling in front of her she spreads her legs a little more and I take the hint of going for a dive, taking on her throbbing clit to bring her to orgasm.

It was a brilliant session even tho only 30 mins, but for $200 it wasn't that bad, she is a delightful girl to talk to and to run your hands over her.

While I was getting dressed, she stood in the doorway continually rubbing her boobs and feeling her nipples (naked from the waist down the entire time, no covering up with her), I just wanted to reach over and cop a feel but thought better not and just enjoy the view.

Enjoy.


