Thread Title: Carly - Perth - 0426 355 584
Floor: #1
Post Time: 28th December 2015, 05:08 PM
Poster ID: Macbeth.
Post Title: 
 Carly - Perth - 0426 355 584
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Carly

Establishment : PWL, outcalls

Date of Visit : Oct 2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0426 355 584 ,  www.perthwaescort.com

Hours of Business : Weeknights mainly

Rates : See below

Age : Early 40's

Size/shape : Size 12 or so, curvy

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian caucasian

Services Provided : Full service, DFK, GFE, anal

Value for money/recommend? : Excellent value for those that don't mind a 40's MILF type

My experience/comments :

The Locanto add:





Attractive Mediterranean Woman, 38
Hi. I am an attractive Mediterranean Woman with long brown hair and big hazel eyes. And long legs. I have a full time office job Mon to Fri. Therefore I am only available weeknights Mon to Thursday. And I rarely have time to answer the phone so need to make bookings through sms. I am always willing to sleep overnight if u r the last client of the night. Just ask. www.perthwaescort.com
4pm weeknights $100 one hour
5:30pm weeknights $100 one hour
Every evening from 6pm onward:
15 mins $100
Half Hour $150
45 mins $170
1 Hour $200
90 mins $220
2 Hours $250
3 Hours $300
Overnight 6pm till morning $400




The experience:

I had a long break from punting, as I’d been seeing a girl regularly and didn’t feel the need to go elsewhere, however as these things often go, I found myself very single again, and in need of some easy company.  I noticed the add on Locanto for this girl, the rates for extended weeknight bookings were very reasonable, the photos on the locanto page and her personal website (which is now no longer active) showed that she had quite an attractive body, so I made contact by SMS. She responded promptly, and after a bit of discussion we arranged a suitable night for an overnight booking the following week. Carly provided a face photo and details of her service during the text discussion, so there were no surprises come the night.

On the evening, she arrived a little earlier than expected, which was nice. I found her attractive, she was dressed rather sexily, and had a nice body for a girl in her early 40’s. We enjoyed dinner out, during which we talked comfortably. Not surprisingly I discovered that escorting was just a part-time thing for her in addition to having a “normal” full time job, and that she had an open relationship with a partner who was fully aware of her extra activities. Apparently she had been escorting for some time.

Back in my apartment I quickly found out that she was a very horny girl, fun in bed, and pretty open minded. She gave an amazing blow job while we were 69ning, which almost made me lose my load, which is a very rare thing for me from just oral! At one point we did Greek for a little while, but Carly wasn’t keen to do that for very long on the night. In contrast, she was happy to engage in sex over several rounds, with breaks in between with comfortable chatting. In addition to a few rounds before sleep, we ended up having sex in the early hours of the morning, and then again before she left for work. It was a genuine GFE type of service.

In summary, her service was incredible value for the overnight rate in my opinion (I gave her a tip as well because $400 didn’t seem enough), she was good company, had a nice body for a girl her age, with really nice, firm, large natural boobs. Carly was very enthusiastic about the sex, gave pleasure well, enjoyed herself too, and encouraged multiple rounds.

As always, your mileage may vary…..

I tried to arrange another meeting with her a few weeks later, but unfortunately her phone appears to have been disconnected and the website shut down, so it looks like she isn’t working any more. I suspect that she may reappear sometime in future, it’s not uncommon with girls working “on the side”.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 28th December 2015, 05:10 PM
Poster ID: Macbeth.
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Two of the photos from the Locanto add


