Thread Title: Cecilia - Perth -  0410 788 803
Floor: #1
Post Time: 12th November 2010, 02:03 AM
Poster ID: Bad Company
Post Title: 
 Cecilia - Perth -  0410 788 803
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Cecilia

Establishment: (if applicable)

Contact Details/Address: Private Girls web site (Local Perth girl) 0410788803

Hours of Business: (if known or applicable)

Prices: $400 per hour

Age: early twenties

Size/shape: Tall slim model fiqure size 7

Nationality or Ethnicity: Asian

Services: Full service

Value for money/recommend?: Highly recommended

My experience/comments:

Have to be one of the most attractive babes I've ever laid my eye's on, absolutely stunning. Sort of  babe that you pass in the street and must turn around for a second look.
Now starting to tour the eastern states, much to our loss here in the west.
Has a very nice upmarket apartment in the Perth CBD, with an added extra installed in the living area for some specialized entertainment.
Tall and slim with beautiful legs that go-on forever. Long dark hair, nice enhanced tits, lovely shaved pussy (one of my perquisites) and nice rounded ass.
Very accommodating in all departments, for me anyway. Remember the golden rule always applies YMMV.
Best of all she has a beautiful friendly nature, a complete package, just what guys my age dream of.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 11th December 2010, 05:11 PM
Poster ID: Prospector
Post Title: 
 Cecilia - Perth - 0410 788 803
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name:Cecilia

Establishment (if applicable):Private apartment

Contact Details/Address:0410788803

Hours of Business: (if known or applicable)

Prices:$400 p/hr

Age:27

Size/shape:Thin

Nationality or Ethnicity:Asian

Services:Full Service

Value for money/recommend?:Yes

My experience/comments: Easy to arrange meeting and did not dissapoint thin and seemed into it very sensitive little pussy enjoyed daty and returning the favour been a few times now and will see her again next time im in town


Floor: #3
Post Time: 6th May 2011, 01:10 AM
Poster ID: spooky2010
Post Title: 
 First review of a lady
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: cecilia

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit: 23/4/2011

Contact Details/Address/Weblink:
0410 788 803 
http://privategirls.com.au/cecilia.php

Hours of Business: 7 Days as per availability

Rates:350p/h

Age:Site says 22, i think more like late 20's

Size/shape: Slim and busty

Nationality or Ethnicity:Asian

Services Provided:Full service, massage,CBJ,Handjob

Value for money/recommend?: Undecided

My experience/comments: I was looking to waste some time in the afternoon when i decided to try cecilia, having seen her PG advert.
I called and left a message, she got back promptly and i made time to go there in about and hour.
She is a bit difficult to understand over the phone as she speaks very quiet but otherwise english is good.

Celia is a nice slim asian lady with a nice enhanced bust, with long black hair.
She is very polite and her place was spotless clean and neat.

Quick chat, paid up front, then hit the shower, with a request to use the provided mouthwash in the bathroom.

It was a standard service, start with  a massage, proceeded to cbj, then mutual oral then to sex with a couple of position changes from missionary and doggy.

In the end i requested manual relief as i didnt feel i was going to get there otherwise.

She is a very pretty, nice lady and i have no complaints. I didnt try to push anything and just let her take the lead. While she certainly made a nice effort for me there wasn't really a big connection. Not her fault she did i think everything right and the price is right, but i didnt quite feel the hotness i was looking for. Cant explain it more than that.

Maybe future visits would lead to a better connection but i am undecided if i will go back.


