Thread Title: Charlotte - Perth and Kewdale -  0467 032 952
Floor: #1
Post Time: 26th January 2019, 03:48 PM
Poster ID: pj80
Post Title: 
 Charlotte - Perth and Kewdale -  0467 032 952
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Charlotte

Establishment : Independent

Date of Visit : 18/1/2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :.
https://www.angelbabes.com/Profile/W...allakellybaby/

Phone : 0467032952

Hours of Business : 9am to late

Rates : 200h/hr

Age : 21

Size/shape :curvy

Nationality or Ethnicity : African

Services Provided :.BBBJ, FS

Value for money/recommend? : yes/no

My experience/comments :

After some to and fro i finally got a time to see this one.
She had a room booked on victora st in the cbd of perth and upon arrival she took her time to come down at get me, was just about to leave it was that long.

Now on the phone she tried to up the price on me and wanted 350 for half hour but wasn't going to pay that and she agreed to 200, again in the room she tried to tell me it was 350 after i had showered and when to sort out financials but stuck to my guns of 200, which she took.

After all the dealing was done Charlotte got on her knees with her great black titts out and went to work on my cock BB for about 10sec before going for the dom to do CBJ i wasn't keen and told her she said it was BBBJ she said it was 50 extra. Again i wasn't playing and went for my pants before she said ok and started what was a very very good BBBJ, nothing beats a African girl on her knees looking up at you sucking you going for gold. Within 10mins i was about to unload and i got her on the bed and returned the favor. 

She tasted great and within no time she was wet and screaming in pleasure before letting out a big of tasty squirt juices. She then said she wished her BF could do that to her. At this stage i ears pricked up, (love it when these ladies have BF). Was at this stage i asked if i could take video/photos to which she agreed but only if she could see them and delete them if she didnt like them.

We moved into the sex and this one loves been on top and grinding down hard on you i was almost about to cum when i go her dent over the table in the room doggie where i could help myself pulling her hair and talking dirty to her which she loved and got really into giving it back. I could hold my load any more and pulled out and got her back on her knees in front of the window (curtins were open) and off with dom and unloaded all over her pretty black face which by now had her make up running down it and my cum covering it.

I went for a shower and i heard her phone ring and she answered it going off at the person on the other end, was as it turns out her BF wondering were she was LOL. 

All on all this was a great PSE punt with a 21yo African but it took some real BS to get there and after BF called she was cold and just rushed you out the door. Would i go back? If i get back to perth and shes around sure why not.
Its also to be noted shes on SA and Sugarbabes. Also shes very easy to find on FB, she wants to open a show with other ladies but really i think this just a dream and will not happen.

So if your in perth and after black this ones ok but there is better there.


