Thread Title: Cheryl - Tuart Hill - 0449 160 587
Floor: #1
Post Time: 28th July 2012, 01:19 AM
Poster ID: georgeflint
Post Title: 
 Cheryl - Tuart Hill - 0449 160 587
				
Post Content: 
Establishment and/or person's Name: Indian Cheryl

Contact Details/Address: Morley Drive, Tuart Hill

Prices: $150/half hour + extras

Age: 20-30

Size/shape: 8-10

Nationality or Ethnicity: Indian

Services: HJ, Sex, BJ, BBBJ(extra 50) CIM(extra 50)

Value for money/recommend ? The first time yest, second time, no

My experience: 
The first time I saw Cheryl was pretty easy, made a booking, was quoted $150 + $50 for CIM so all up $200. Easy to find place with easy parking, went up to the apartment and was met by a nice looking indian girl. Very friendly which is always nice. Paid, had a shower and got down to business. BJ was quite good, and sex wasnt too bad either. Finished me off with pretty good bbbj and took my whole load and sucked pretty good. So pretty good experience this visit I was very pleased. However second time I went was much different. Different girl was on the phone but I still made the booking, ended up being stood up so went home grumpy. Got a text next day apologising and asking if I wanted to make another booking, what the hell I thought so I did. Still saw the same girl, was still friendly at first but this time wanted a total of $100 for bbbj+cim but settle for the amount I paid the first time. BJ wasnt as good, sex wasnt as good and when I went to cim she only took half the load. Seemed like she was rushing me out so very dissapointed. Wouldnt recommend, maybe it was me or she was just burned out after a week. Dunno if this counts as 2 reviews haha but I will still try to post a total of 4 different girls.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 6th August 2012, 09:13 AM
Poster ID: diamond dog
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Yes in Perth the escorts start to get greedy after a time.
High demand and low numbers of girls in the industry means as girls get more knowledgable they push up their prices over time.
I have seen this happen many times. Girls start off new in the business and the prices are reasonable and then gradually they want more and more money for a booking and the quality of service drops off as they see more guys.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 6th August 2012, 06:56 PM
Poster ID: Solution
Post Title: 
 Indian Cheryl - Tuart Hill - 0449 160 587
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Cheryl

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : July 2012

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0449 160 587

Hours of Business : Fairly flexible

Rates : $250 p/h

Age : Mid 20's?

Size/shape : Size 10 with a nice bubble butt, breasts are a large C perhaps a D.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Singaporean Indian

Services Provided : BBBJ, DATY, FS, MSOG

Value for money/recommend? : Not bad, maybe again but she leaves at the end of the month

My experience/comments : 

So I had the pleasure of cheryl the exotic indian woman. She was pretty good. I wasn't disappointed when she answered the door. The apartment she worked in was a bit of a dive, messy and smelt of cigarettes.... However, she made up for the shabby decor with her smile, courteous nature and sex. 

She is a looker, nice pretty young fresh face. Colored contact lenses to give you some wow element to her look. lovely full soft breasts, great skin.. smells good... delicious pussy with lovely pink inner lips... Hey you couldn't fault her appearances. She has some sexy tattoos too.

The service was good. She gives a great sloppy BBBJ with plenty of saliva and good suction. After some cowgirl and missionary I grabbed her tiny waist and smashed her doggy style til I blew. Then I rolled over for a bit of a rub down chat and some more BBBJ... I did have to prompt her for more action as she was keen to see me out the door after 35 minutes of service when I paid for an hour. I remained assertive and HARD ........ So we fucked again after another messy BBBJ... shot my load in the dom - doggy style again. There is no denying this girl does have a great bubble butt which is a real treat.

all in all an 8/10 punt.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 6th August 2012, 09:05 PM
Poster ID: diamond dog
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I am curious as to where you found this girls ad???


Floor: #5
Post Time: 7th August 2012, 10:18 PM
Poster ID: zgmfx42s
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
DD, found 2 ad's with regards to this chick... One on beautifulcompanions and the other is on cracker.com. Phone numbers are the same so i assume its the same person.. Though contents on both ad's differ

1) Private Escorts : INDIAN CHERYL ~ TUART HILL

2) Indian Cheryl Two weeks only <$150 - Tuart Hill | Escort / adult | Erotic | Cracker


Floor: #6
Post Time: 7th August 2012, 11:24 PM
Poster ID: BadAussieBoy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Cracker ad:





			
				Hello Perth Gentlemen. 

please let me introduce myself. My name is Cheryl from Singapore with Indian heritage.

My aim is to have you leave totally satisfied after your time with me. 

My stats. 
Age 23 
height 160cm 
size 8 breast 34d 

I have gorgeous shiny brown hair, lovely white shining smile, memorizing eyes. 

My figure is shapely with an excellent bubble butt that you just wont be able to keep your norty hands of.

I offer more than just a average service. 

My rates are low because I love my work! 
Many xtras available, please call to enquire. 

Pricing. 
Half hour $150 
Hour $250 ( MOST EXPECTED XTRAS INCLUDED FOR ONE HOUR BOOKING ) !!!!!!!! 

Couple doubles, please enquire. 

My service is top rate, my presentation is immacculate classy and seductively SEXY!

Anything else please ask, if you have something in mind for me to wear please bring it . ( wink wink)

Please call me, no sms. I wont be here long so BOYS, dont miss this rare diamond!!!

Love kisses and all good wishes 

Sexy Cheryl xxxx


