Thread Title: Chloe Alexis - Redcliffe - 0422 959 223
Floor: #1
Post Time: 28th March 2012, 03:51 AM
Poster ID: fredo777
Post Title: 
 Chloe Alexis - Redcliffe - 0422 959 223
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Chloe Alexis

Establishment : Her place near airport

Date of Visit : March 2012

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Company Name - Home

Hours of Business : Check Website

Rates : $300 per  hour 

Age : late twenties

Size/shape : curvy, toned size 10 with a natural DD bust, 167cm tall

Nationality or Ethnicity : Caucasian

Services Provided : DFK, CBJ, FS,

Value for money/recommend? : Yep!



My experience/comments :

I saw Chloe Alexis earlier this week and in short it was pretty damn fine.

Her website is at http://www.hotaussiebabe.com and it is pretty accurate, including the pictures.  She also advertises on Cracker occasionally and Escorts & Babes (Chloe agreed Cracker is pretty full of fakes!!)

I texted Chloe during the weekday to see if she was available for an  hour and got a quick response. Appointment was a tiny bit late to start,  but mostly due to me seeking a cheeky punt outside regulation hours on  short notice :-)

I was greeted at the door by Chloe wearing black stockings and  suspenders (as requested), some killer heels, sexy lingerie and well  presented.

Her website description is accurate, which I'll report here: "gorgeous, hot, sexy, sultry, 27 year old insatiable aussie babe!!!  Very attractive and extremely pretty, i'm a curvy, toned size 10  with a  natural DD bust, i'm 167cm tall, silky smooth tanned skin, long   blonde/brown hair, and seductive, smouldering eyes"  (OK so the description has a bit of hyperbole, but my cock tingled for hours afterwards so I will give her some licence)

After a short chat to start (Chloe was very comfortable to talk to,  particularly when she got onto my lap :-) ) we moved in to the bedroom.

Chloe has a damn good appreciation of just how hot she looks when  undertaking certain activities, as I quickly discovered as the CBJ  began.  Some great eye contact, as well as a real eyeful of her spread  pussy in the mirror behind her (which she pointed out).

Things moved on nicely from there, with kissing / groping / boob  fondling and suckling on the bed.  Chloe seemed to really get into it  (or more importantly - made me feel like she was really getting into it)  and I particularly enjoyed sucking on her luscious tits and nipples.

After that it was right into the main event - Chloe performed nicely in  every position, including a half time break for an impromptu toy show,  before a lovely finish for me in missionary, complete with dirty talking  encouragement from Chloe.  Highlights along the way included some  mighty fine reverse cowgirl (room with a view!!) and banging away doggy  whilst grasping the spikes on her high heels.  Chloe left the stockings  on throughout as well :-)

So all up a professional, GFE (if you have a dirty girlfriend) / moving  into PSE experience I would recommend.  I'd certainly revisit Chloe.

A lot of times in the past I've seen private girls in the $150 / half  hour to $200/ hour area and well, you get what you pay for (not to say I  have not had some mighty fine punts in that price region, particularly  BBW which I like.).  The short stretch up to a girl as hot as Chloe was  well worth it.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 28th March 2012, 09:31 PM
Poster ID: lookingforfun
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks for the review, ive been thinking about making a visit myself but she seemed to not list DFK anywhere which is something i enjoy.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 29th March 2012, 12:46 AM
Poster ID: fredo777
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Probably best to check with her, but I do recall kissing


Floor: #4
Post Time: 19th November 2013, 01:08 PM
Poster ID: thamunkii
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Chloe Alexis

Establishment : Her House in Redcliff

Date of Visit : 18/09/2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0422 959 223

Hours of Business : 

Rates : $200 half normal, $300 half for greek

Age : 27

Size/shape : 10

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : CBJ, Greek Sex

Value for money/recommend? : YMMV

My experience/comments : Ad was up on Locanto, did some research and found out it was Chloe Alexis. Called and made a booking for 30mins time. When I arrived Chloe had just finished in the shower. She then went to carport for a cigarette. Shower was offered to me but I had just had one before leaving. Into bedroom which was a mess with clothes and stuff everywhere. Got a CBJ for a little bit then some greek and then missionary. Chloe played with a vibrator and got herself off, then must have got bored. Didnt want to let me fuck her any more, tried to jerk me off for the remaining time. I was put off. Let her do alot of work then I left without finishing.


