Thread Title: Christina - East Perth - 0424 306 483
Floor: #1
Post Time: 5th January 2014, 03:40 AM
Poster ID: Calais V8
Post Title: 
 Christina - East Perth - 0424 306 483
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Christina

Establishment : Private Girl

Date of Visit : Sunday 4th Jan 2014 (Night Time)

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0424 306 483 East Perth, CBD Perth : BCVP---Christina 36DD Busty Model! in CBD

Hours of Business : Unsure but works fairly late into the night

Rates : $120 Half hour / $170 1 Hour

Age : Mid to Late 20's

Size/shape : Average build and height large bust - Very nice (exactly as pictured in her BC ad)

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian

Services Provided : Massage & Full Service

Value for money/recommend? : Yes, I would recommend, I quite enjoyed myself.

My experience/comments : After being stood up last minute by a professional massage girl I was both pushed for time research wise and really just wanted to get one away. One of the girls that caught my eye was on BC usually a site that takes some research to find a decent (non fake) girl. Having read some reviews for the group that advertise Christina I was skeptical but the pics seemed real and passed a quick barrage of tests. I gave Christina a call fairly last minute and arranged to meet up. Her apartment in in East Perth (very close to Perth Mint). Once I arrived at her building I called and got buzzed up to her apartment, the building is fairly nice and with the number of apartments you don't look to suss coming in which is always a plus. I was greeted at the door by a larger and older than expected woman who turned out to be the receptionist, thankfully. She showed me to the bed room where "Christina" was wearing the same outfit as her BC ad and looked great ( who could help but stare at that chest). The only thing that I didnt like was she had one bad tooth, but not too bad. I paid up and went for a shower, the facilities where quite refreshing for working ladies in this price range.


Once showered I emerged from the bathroom to see "Christina" was already undressed (boo I enjoy watching them strip) and she rushed over to help me out the towel. We stood and admired and played with each other before motioned for me to lay on the bed. She started playing with my mini me as I let my hands roam her soft skin and amazing breasts. She then slipped on a dom and went in for CBJ as I rubbed and later fingered her increasingly wet pussy, I did enjoy her enjoying my work 

After a while I asked her to get on top and start the main event, we went for quite some time and tried a few positions, mostly her in cow girl and reverse cow girl until the little man caved and this round was over. She cleaned up and began a fairly average massage, with the exception that she massaged my balls gently for most of the massage in one hand. (a nice touch some massage parlous should follow, certainly got me ready for round 2!) She put on another dom and began sucking again this time with a lot more suction than last time. After a while I again tell her to get on top, and this time she really clenches up gets tighter, I felt her ass and could not imagine her tensing anymore than she was, as she really grinder away. After telling me she came and putting on a almost convincing show I got on top and pounded away till I was done.

She finished with another massage this time much less rushed until time was up (both massages were quite short but i guess I did go two rounds)

We both dressed and she gave me her private number and real name, a touch I quite liked, bypassing the probable bait and switch usually expected with BC ads. I won't post her private details but with any luck you will obtain them after a visit if you hit it off.

All in all I left a happy and exhausted man, quite impressed with what I thought was going to be a disappointing visit. I will definitely be back and look forward to seeing what a 2nd visit with "Christina" brings.
I would recommended her, she was a little loose but, I get the feeling she has been working since she got to Perth over a year ago so it was to be expected. Her body is pretty banging so yes if you are in the area give her a buzz. For $170 I think you too will agree she puts on a good show.

Thanks for reading and happy punting! 
Calais V8


Floor: #2
Post Time: 7th January 2014, 11:18 PM
Poster ID: Perthpunter69
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Great review Calais, thanks for sharing. She looks great in the pics! One question, did she have fake breasts or naturals?


Floor: #3
Post Time: 17th January 2014, 12:44 AM
Poster ID: Calais V8
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Perth Punter, If memory serves me right they were naturals


Floor: #4
Post Time: 4th March 2014, 11:18 PM
Poster ID: Calais V8
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hey lads, just an update.

Appears that she has moved to a different location south of the river canning vale area I believe.

From what I have seen they were still running her ad but had subed someone else in, bit dodgy.

Sorry I don't have specifics on the new location, was a bit too far for me so didn't bother getting details.


