Thread Title: Chrissy -  Cannington - 0457 505 488
Floor: #1
Post Time: 4th May 2014, 04:13 AM
Poster ID: Sumguy85
Post Title: 
 Chrissy -  Cannington - 0457 505 488
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Chrissy

Establishment : private/outcalls only

Date of Visit : 2/05/14

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : O4575O5488 

Hours of Business : varies, txt to find out.

Rates : $150 hr

Age : 31

Size/shape : BBW, 14-16, 5'3"ish

Nationality or Ethnicity : Kiwi, (though not a strong accent)

Services Provided : f/s

Value for money/recommend? : maybe

My experience/comments :

A bit of a dull read.

Awkwaarrrddd!

* my neck, my back, lick my pussy and my crack. OUTCALLS ONLY *, Perth

On a bit of a whim and the promise of awesome tits, (see ad picture) I texted this woman.

She was very upfront about her service, which is good, and stated she didn't like to roll up and just get into it, but liked to chill for a bit first.
AFAIK session didn't start till money changed hands, so not a problem. Her ad stated Cannington as her base, (edited now), but she works out that way and actually lives in Warwick.
I agreed to pick her up from Warwick, (as she doesn't drive) and despite her asking me to come sooner she still wasn't ready at the agreed time, so that added 25 minutes to my wait time. Picked her up from a bus stop near her home.

It was all a bit dark, she was dressed in black so I wasn't sure about her looks when I picked her up, but thought I would give her a chance.

So we drove back to my place, (about 20 minutes) and I learned she loves her weed, (though didn't smell or seem affected by it at the time), was  just working to supplement her crappy part time cleaning job. Chatted about all things Kiwi etc.

Got back to mine, I offered her a drink and we sat and "chilled" for a bit whilst I assessed her some more. 

Being a shortish 14 meant her belly was bigger than her flattish boobs. She didn't seem to have made any effort in her appearance with makeup and her hair was tied back. She wasn't ugly, just plain with unflattering glasses and freckles.

She wasn't offensive in any way, but I suspect she thought biology was all she needed to work in the job.

We did make it as far as sitting on the bed and chatting a bit more. When she said, "I usually ask for money up front", was when I decided to pull the pin.

I apologised and said it wasn't going to work, gave her $50 and a ride home again, (she had no other clients booked). She seemed to take it quite well.

Maybe with some puff she might be more "fun", but she had this low level complaining thing which gets quite tiring to listen to after a while.


I'm sure some guys might like her, and if they did it would be good value for money. Not for me I'm afraid.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 4th May 2014, 07:01 AM
Poster ID: Fuzzynuts
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Looks like you've put the letter O in the phone number instead of zeros. Mods may want to change this as it will affect the search if someone is searching on the number.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 4th May 2014, 03:54 PM
Poster ID: Sumguy85
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Yes, I did use O instead of 0 since Chrissy obscured her number in the ad using words/letters and numbers. (zero45-sevenfive05four88 )

Given her situation, I think she might be her personal number and doesn't want it found via an internet search.
I was trying to respect this, but I understand your point.

The review was more about her being a genuine operator. 

Not sure what the solution is  

I should add to the review, I get the impression she would probably trade for green.


