Thread Title: Cindy - Oborne Park - 0488 333 033
Floor: #1
Post Time: 24th October 2011, 03:58 AM
Poster ID: angrybert
Post Title: 
 Cindy - Oborne Park - 0488 333 033
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Cindy

Establishment : 60 Gordon Road, Osborne Park, WA

Date of Visit : october 2011

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Private Escorts : Cindy NEW @ Osborne Park , slim, affectionate

Hours of Business : 10am till late

Rates : $120, 30 minutes

Age : looked 30 to me

Size/shape : B+cup / average

Nationality or Ethnicity : Korean

Services Provided : BBBJ, FS

Value for money/recommend? : No

My experience/comments :

That's my first punt at this new place. The house is quite spacial, but the parking at road side is quite obvious, don't really like it. Park my car n walk to the door, ring the door bell. One girl open the door and tell me I might nid to wait for awhile, English communicational isn't that good. Then I tell her ok I wait. End up I wait almost 45mins. That girl must be mamasan, her name is Tiffany. I wait at living room and she was there watching her Korean show. I haven't see the girl coz she busying.
Then suddenly a girl came out from room a talking Korean with Tiffany. Wasn't sure is that girl Cindy, and Tiffany never intro to me. Then after awhile a guy came out from the room, go all the way from room cross living room to bathroom at the back near kitchen. What a shame! After the guy back to the room, changed and left. Then that girl which then I know she is Cindy, ask me go into the room. The looking is alright but not my type, doesn't even worth for me to wait 45mins. Very dissappoint and regret.
Ok then, I just stay try 30mins, Maybe her skill is good. She ask me to bath, haha same as the guy b4 walk all across the living room to back bathroom which quite from the room, doesn't really like it.
Ok then, back to the room after bath, chat a bit, then start lying on the bed. She start licking, and give me bbbj, which that was alright. Then she went on top, I just don't have good feeling with her, pretty much she like machine, no mourning, jus like machine. Then change to I go on top, can not even feel like hav sex, I jus imagine myself and try to finish up. Then finish up with little mourning..then pull out, have little chat with her. She ok to chat, but limited language and that lead to limited conversation..

Overall, not good for value. There are better place offer prettier girl and better service than this. All I have to say, the photo post on website doesn't look like her, not even 1%
Pretty dissappoint with the services as well. So not recommended.


