Thread Title: Coco (Taiwanese) -Broome WA - 0449 138 271
Floor: #1
Post Time: 31st August 2016, 10:35 PM
Poster ID: lofty14u
Post Title: 
 Coco (Taiwanese) -Broome WA - 0449 138 271
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Coco (currently in Broome)

Establishment : Private 

Date of Visit : 2 weeks ago

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : http://broome.locanto.com.au/ID_8710...e-is-CoCo.html

Hours of Business : Any time, just call for an appointment

Rates : See her ad in the link. I paid $100 for 20 mins FS

Age : 25 -30 ish in reality

Size/shape : Chubby 12

Nationality or Ethnicity : Taiwanese

Services Provided : FS, covered BJ

Value for money/recommend? : Not for me.

My experience/comments : (Please put some effort  into this part for all of our readers, a minimum requirement of 25 words  or more to get a picture of time spent and experience had.)
I was pretty toey and needed to get away to get the rocks off. Searched the local internet ads and found this lass. She was very easy to contact and an appointment was made pretty well straight away. She works out of a house right in the centre of Broome, opposite where the weekend markets are held. She has a tiny room in this house. Very cluttered with crap, no toilet or shower facilities visible or offered. 
Into the room and the financials are out of the way. $100 for a 20min full service. She may have been the lass in her pics, but i think it was some time ago. Either that or she doesn't go out of her way to make herself look too appealing. Passable though in the looks department.
I strip off, so does she and she starts stroking little Lofty getting him up to attention. I ask for a BBBJ and she is reluctant, saying she doesn't really like to do BBBJ. So she starts rubbing herself on me and Ive got a good enough boner to dom up. So, it's on with the rubber and she lays down on the bed, one leg on the floor and the other on the tiny bed. I climb aboard and enter her cavernous cunt. Not much fun here guys, she just layed there. So I ask her to give me this BJ. As Ive got the dom on, she seems to think its now ok. She starts a very ordinary BJ and we're in a 69 position. I'm able to get my face right up to her cunt and I nearly gag. Her arse stinks! It's like she's taken a dump 5 mins ago and hasn't wiped her freckle. It even looked greasy and dirty! Not impressed. I can't handle it, so I suggest we assume the doggie position. I start pounding her in doggy and she complains that I'm going too deep and pulls away. This bird is hopeless. While I'm trying to finish in doggie, the phone rings and she starts talking to a potential customer, telling him prices etc............I felt like taking the phone and letting him now what a dud root she is. 
Anyway, I fill the bag pretty well and start to get dressed. Couldn't wait to get out of there. 
Worst FS punt Ive had in a long time.
Would I return? No way. I've since left Broome anyway, but I wouldn't go near here again.


