Thread Title: Coco - Padbury - 0413 355 607
Floor: #1
Post Time: 14th May 2014, 12:20 AM
Poster ID: centaurus
Post Title: 
 Coco - Padbury - 0413 355 607
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Coco

Establishment : private

Date of Visit : 11/5/2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : The best fruits in Perth: COCO HOT BUSTY Girl at Padbury!


Hours of Business : not sure, most hour I guess

Rates : $100/30min $150/1 hr

Age : probably over 30

Size/shape : curvy

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian

Services Provided : Full service

Value for money/recommend? : not for me, but if you like quicky  with loud girl, go for it

My experience/comments : I found this girl at "The Best Fruit in Perth" blog. Few girls I've visited from this site (before it was closed for a period of time) had real pictures that actually matched the girls in real life. This one seemed to have nice big boobs and  curvy sexy body (I wanted some curves for a change). Arranged for in-call in the evening; suburban house looked reasonably ok.
Coco had the same dress with 'holes' as the one on the pictures in her ad, but being quite dark, couldn't quite see her properly before I've entered inside. The face was not quite what I've expected , not my type, looked much older than what I've imagined. But also the body was not quite as on pictures, boobs not nearly as big and nice as in pics.
I think this one was another fake or 'byte and switch', ut it seems now they are trying to use the same outfit as pictures, the acc not nearly as nice and round as on the pictures.

This was disappointing as my previous experiences with Bob's Fruit girls was positive, nice girls , real pictures.
I imagine when original blog was closed for a while someone else may have picked it up and started puting the same fake crap as most other sites.
Anyway, I still went ahead with it , Coco seemed enthusiastic and friendly, still reasonably OK (if you don't look at face) so I thought I'll do some doggy. 

I was tired, so I was planning to go bit slower at the beginning with some more foreplay and sensual touching, etc.
Coco however seemed very mechanical and very rushed, trying to do standard quick blow, fuck, out-of-door routine.
I had something else in mind, but she didn't seem to listen and respond to what I was saying. She went on with BJ and put condom, on even though I wasn't even hard enough yet. From than on it was below average for me. 
Feelig rushed, couldn't get it hard enough, so just played with my half-erected little bro and slapping it on her pussy. She seem to enjoy that , said at the end hat she actually finished twice (not very convincing to me), while I didn't even come close yet.
In the end, I've managed to get it hard enough for some hard pounding in mish, and finished off. All done in about 20 min (for 30 min session).

I won't be back.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 21st May 2014, 08:52 PM
Poster ID: PrawnStar
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks.. I was about to be excited nice and close to me and cheap and the photos look mint and authentic too ... shame about the service and quality


Floor: #3
Post Time: 22nd May 2014, 11:50 PM
Poster ID: Calais V8
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I should post a full review but haven't had time as yet. 

I agree with the above review, I went in with high hopes but was a little let down. Mind you for 150 an hour she was fine. But yeah very rushed in my view. Massage was almost 5mins for an hour booking and barely chubber up before she threw a condom on and tried to get on top.

Session was waaaaay under time and was not impressed with the guy running the joint yelling his head off on the next too. Didn't help the chubbing up aspect at all :/

Can't say I would go back. Did notice a few other rooms tho. I would say more than 1 girl working there and I could hear but never saw another girl. The location is certainly convieniant so will keep an aye out for other girls working that house.

Cheers.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 28th July 2014, 07:37 AM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Does this look like the report on Bobfruits blog (it has gone now. The ad below is a Cracker ad that refers to it ) ?





			
				 Price: $120.00
Location: Perth
Viewed: 1389
Date Posted: 30/05/2014
Ad ID: 404265706
Rating (2)
Your rating

Unable to Render Image Unable to Render Image Unable to Render Image

COCO HOT BUSTY Girl at Padbury!

First time in Pad! Coco has a stunning slim & curvy KILLER BODY and the most perfect pair of all natural big boobs! She is like my dream sex girl come to life! She is totally submissive, extremely horny ! She gave me a stimulating BJ and a fantastic BREAST FUCK! This girl makes me want to bonk the living daylights out of her and shoot all my cum on her! Her AWESOME figure, SUPER HOT LOOKS and INCREDIBLE SEXUAL PROWESS makes COCO one of my personal hot favorites, don’t miss this GEM!

Phone : on blog

$100/ 30 minutes
$150/ 1 hr

Phone : on blog

Bob Comments: Natural boobs, good figure for doggie style~ Shot her, Good service



Name : CoCo
Height: 155
Weight : 43kg
Boobs : 36C 100% natural awesome big boobs!
Services Provided : Shower, BJ, FJ
Location : Padbury

more photos:
http://bobfruits.blogspot.com.au/201...t-padbury.html

My gender: F
Looking for : M
contact seller
Phone: 0413355607


Floor: #5
Post Time: 28th July 2014, 07:42 AM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by centaurus


Person's Name : Coco

Establishment : private

Date of Visit : 11/5/2014
.

"""



Thank you for your review centaurus.

The number I have guessed for Coco - since the Bobs fruit blog has gone - is also associated with Vivian, 

Paradise Island - The Place to Look for Great Relax in Perth: 100% Real Photo ! Solid Skill BlowJob. Padbury! and also

http://perth.locanto.com.au/ID_28018...New-to-Padbury

Do you think Vivian and Coco are the same lady ?


Floor: #6
Post Time: 6th August 2014, 12:19 AM
Poster ID: centaurus
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
May be the same lady, it looks similar to Coco, but different outfit on these photos. However, it could be the second lady working at the same place.
The contact number is the same.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 31st August 2014, 10:47 AM
Poster ID: Solution
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Saw coco in padbury myself recently after browsing locanto. Firstly I felt like walking at the start because neither girl looked like any photos . Secondly on the phone they stated everything was included when in reality it wasn't. I proceeded for a short time and parted with $100... She disappeared and returned naked... Not a bad body although a butterface.... So she asks me to lie down and I follow her instruction.

She climbs on top and proceeds to lick my nipples for some time before going down and licking my balls... She apparently enjoyed this much more than me and moaned and groaned as she performed this pathetic tongue bath of the nipples and the scrotum.... On with the cover a quick suck before jumping on for a ride... She was tight and energetic I give her that ... But I wanted it over ..  The regret for parting with cash to have such a shitty and disconnected experience was too strong in my mind. 

The whole experience was clinical and very fake. I was offered a massage afterwards but just wanted to get out of the place .

The End


