Thread Title: Cougar - East Perth - 0410 122 627
Floor: #1
Post Time: 4th March 2011, 06:05 PM
Poster ID: Silversurfer69
Post Title: 
 Cougar - East Perth - 0410 122 627
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Cougar

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit: Mar 2011

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: http://www.privategirls.com.au/cougar.php

Hours of Business: Normal

Rates: $400/hr

Age: 50's, looks a lot younger

Size/shape: 8 

Nationality or Ethnicity: Caucasian

Services Provided: Most you could wish for

Value for money/recommend?: Yes

My experience/comments: Incall located in an upscale block of units in East Perth. Greeted at the door by a very sexy blond in high heels and see thru gown. When the door closed she bent over and pushed her sexy butt into me and grabbed my hands and guided them to her breasts and looked at my reaction in her hallway mirror.

I was feeling a little flushed at this stage as she led me to the shower where I managed to cool down a little. As I was drying myself she appeared naked in the doorway and knelt down with her sexy ass facing me, which she waggled from side to side as she crawled to the bedroom. I followed and she was sitting on the bed with her legs open rubbing a big dildo on her clit. A little DATY followed and the dildo slid in easily as she started some dirty talk. A ribbed rubber ass plug was nearby and we tried a little DP with her toys - she had a big O at this point.

The dirty talk continued as she started along slow BJ. I stood at the head of the bed as she blew me. I retrieved the toys and worked her holes as she sucked and licked my cock. Suited up quickly and pounded her doggy - she sounded like she really wanted it badly - another big O for both of us and we collapsed on the bed.

Some small talk followed by a shower and it was back to the real world. She's a great PSE if that's what you are after. Would recommend if you like mature women.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 5th March 2011, 09:32 PM
Poster ID: andrewblake
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Welcome to AUXXXR SS69!

Wow! great review of a true "cougar"! the pics look too good! might have to hop on a plane to Perth just to visit! A mature PWL which ticks all my lists and boxes! 

Well Done!

Keep reviewing and posting!

AB


Floor: #3
Post Time: 1st April 2011, 06:46 PM
Poster ID: serenity
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hmmm her service is good and she looks fairly good for her age,however she is covered in tattoos which does not say that on her ad on privategirls.com.au her pictures show her back and body with no tattoos,if i knew she was covered in them i would not have seen her.


