Thread Title: Danielle - Perth - 0406 091 935
Floor: #1
Post Time: 29th April 2014, 07:22 PM
Poster ID: j4k50n
Post Title: 
 Danielle - Perth - 0406 091 935
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Danielle

Establishment : Perth (She moved around every time I think, I have been with her twice) Plus she wants to keep them quite.

Date of Visit : Uhh I think it was Mid Jan

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : This was off locanto,and she is not there often. she only takes one a day max, 2 if she accidentally double book and one didnt show up. 0406091935

Hours of Business : From memory its 8am - 9pm depends on your arrangement with her

Rates : 220/hf hour and 400/hour - and she is not a clock watcher

Age : 23

Size/shape : Petite and pretty face

Nationality or Ethnicity : NZ

Services Provided : Safe Sex, no anal, and covered oral. But trust me, she is soo worth it. Tell ya later

Value for money/recommend? : YES YES YES, I know people always wants to try different thing, and different girl. But she is my favorite by far. Worth the money.

My experience/comments : Ok, I will tell you my second experience since that was probably a better one, and only by a margin.

We made arrangement, and got a booked in place. I went and bought her a bunch of flowers cos I really liked her last time.
When we meet, she was soo thrilled and said this was the first time she was bought flowers.

Any way, went to the room, and she handed me the towel, and I asked if she wanna join in. She said "Yes, will be happily"
She showered, chat she cleans me and I clean her body too. And yes rub all over hehe...

We started slow as always, with a bit of a nice chat. And while we chat, we touch our body, and damn she have a hot body.
And when we said we will start, she started from kissing, then slowly licking my nipple and then lower to my  area... She cover me before swallowing my parts whole.
And I had enough, cos I was worried I was gonna blow. So we trade place.
I started lickin her nipple, she moan and maybe its just for show, UNTIL I went down and saw that she is wet.
And after a while we stared the main show when she lay on her back, and I stared to insert my gun. She moan and damnnn tight as always.
Seriously, I feel like Im entering a virgin ass. Any way, did doggy after and cant hold it in. And blow inside.

We took our time to shower again, and then kissed a bit more before leaving.

Looking forward to go there again.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 30th April 2014, 04:32 AM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Welcome to AuXXXReviews j4k50n.

Does this look like Danielle's ad ?

(This was from Cracker but has expired, as has the Locanto ad with the same phone number)

"Price: $350.00
Location: East Perth
Viewed: 217
Date Posted: 05/03/2014

Printable version
Flag as inappropriate

Unable to Render Image Unable to Render Image Unable to Render Image Unable to Render Image

Hello gentlemen!

My name is Danielle and I'm 20 years old, and from Australia. I have a tight and toned, size 6 body and perky B cup boobs. I'm bubbly and vivacious, the perfect mid week distraction.

I do not do this full time, and work my hours around my office job. This added to the fact I only take 1 client per day means a little understanding and flexibility is required when booking. Please try to book in advance to ensure I am available!

SMS BOOKINGS ONLY !

My rates for full service are:

$350 per hour
$250 half hour

SMS BOOKINGS ONLY!

Dani xx

 contact seller
Phone: 0406091935


Floor: #3
Post Time: 30th April 2014, 10:48 AM
Poster ID: j4k50n
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Oh wow u found her!! Yes, the key word here is "This added to the fact I only take 1 client per day means a little understanding and flexibility is required when booking."
If u see that than yes she is the one. Wow man u have done your search.
Any way, she did say she put an add as an Aussy women, cos people are sometime put off my NZ, but she look just like any pretty Caucasian.

So damn worth it, please write back your experience if u go to her please, and treat her with respect and you'll have the best time of your session.

Thanks


Floor: #4
Post Time: 30th April 2014, 10:53 AM
Poster ID: j4k50n
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Sorry, Im new here, although I have this account for a while now. May I ask some question here?
Does this classify as a good Review? And I need another one of this to make it bronze?
And where can I find all the difference rights on different class type (Silver, gold ect)?
Thanks so much. Please do tell me off if Im making some mistakes on post.
I have read most of the terms and condition but still going through a bunch of stuff.

Im sure I will enjoy it here the more I use them.
Ta


Floor: #5
Post Time: 30th April 2014, 01:39 PM
Poster ID: Hot_kp
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Well I thought your review was pretty good 😊

Keep it up. 

Cheers
Kp


Floor: #6
Post Time: 21st May 2014, 06:42 PM
Poster ID: j4k50n
Post Title: 
 Danielle - Perth - 0406 091 935
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Danielle

Establishment : Perth, She moves around so depeds. Call and find out if you are serious.

Date of Visit : Early May

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0406091935, lost the website but if you contact her ask for link and she will provide it.

Hours of Business : From memory its 8am - 9pm 

Rates : 250/hf hour and 350/hour (Went for the hour)

Age : 23

Size/shape : Petite and pretty face

Nationality or Ethnicity : NZ

Services Provided : Safe Sex, no anal, and covered oral. But trust me, she is soo worth it. Tell ya later

Value for money/recommend? : YES, my favorite girl. 

Ok, This is my third time seeing her. She is always nice, very good real girlfriend experience. When we chat she always try and touch you and comfort you.
So lets begin!!...

I contacted her, and make an arrangement. This time she remembers me as my first and second encounter was quite apart she doesnt remember.
Make arrangement and time and place. As always I come with a bunch of flowers and this time I brought a white wine cos its easier to drink and most girls like a sweet tasting wine to get into the mood. I called to make sure she is ok for me to bring wine.

Any way, came in, and always surprise with the flowers and always asked me to not to bring it next time. She said that but I know she is happy and she loved it. We started with shower before drinking (Dont wanna showers after we get into the mood of drinking, in case you are thinking of drinking first next time just be warn if u r horny u can eat her up right away). As always she comes in with me to the shower, an initial taste of whats coming by viewing her beautiful body and sexy slim hip. We chatted a bit and clean each other well and a bit of kissing.
Dried ourself and opened up the wine, and drink while half nude. Chatting a bit more and then drink more. The feeling is started coming and we had a deep kiss and fingers all over each other.
Started with DATY and man she responded well. And can tell quickly that her fluid is coming out. Then she reaches her hand in and caresses my lower area and then onto CBJ and very passionately.

Then we moved to the room, (Before was on the couch in the living room) and then started with missionary while kissing I penetrated her and damn she is tight as always.
Pumping hard a few times after and changed to doggy to see her beautiful round ass. Rubbing her ass in circular motion before surprising her with sudden penetration and pump hard. Finish with cow girl with her lower lips swallowing my dick fully and seeing that breast bounce was enough to make me cum. Was sooo satisfying. Love to visit her again, money well spent.

Hope people will go and see her and Im keen to see if she is as good as I always experience.

Thanks and hope I get some review about her from u guys.


