Thread Title: Danni - Perth - 0450 447 171
Floor: #1
Post Time: 8th January 2011, 03:57 AM
Poster ID: Solution
Post Title: 
 Danni - Perth - 0450 447 171
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: danni

Establishment (if applicable):

Contact Details/Address: 0450447171

Hours of Business: (if known or applicable)

Prices: $150 half, $250 hour + $ for extras

Age: too old

Size/shape: skinny lil twig, no bust and saggy lil butt. 

Nationality or Ethnicity: melbournite

Services: massage, full service, oral , bbbj extra , cim extra,

Value for money/recommend?: no

My experience/comments: (Here you must have at least 1 full sentence - "Ill be back" or "good value" is not a sentence or review. 20 word minimum please)

Her apartment was like the ghetto penthouse right at the top of a high density unit block. There was no princess at the top of this castle!

When she opened the door I was disappointed with her appearance. Her photos are fuzzy in her cracker ad (http://cracker.com.au/perth-central-...562/advert.htm )

Foolishly I persevered, and was shown the shower. The experience was shit. A tiny little bathroom with a shower head that was like showering under a low pressure old garden house. I wash the important bits and use the provided towel which was a lovely tiny complimentary exfoliating rough kind..... I sand myself dry with this thing the size of a bathmatt.

I walk to the room where I am joined by danni wearing a full body suit thing which she throws off at the drop of a hat. Absolutely no gfe here. 

I get on my stomach and she massages me. It's ok but not therapeutic . I roll over, she puts on a Dom and starts sucking me. Now I usually can't receive a good head job without the need to do something so I request 69 and try out a but of daty. She spins around .... Her ass is small but untoned despite what impression her ad gave me. Her pussy is numbing my lips as it is already covered with ample lube. I also get a hint of a stinky aroma which makes me feel like puking. As I am too polite I didn
 Say anything and kind of endured the suffocation for a moment.... 

I don't know how but I blew in her mouth. After that some small talk, another mediocre massage and a chat.... Gifted kids, single mum, lives with some young dude who owns the place and is "out" .... Likes to do amateur porn on the web..... And finally, has no ovaries because of ovarian cancer and doesn't take hormones so she is post menopausal... Explains the older appearance, and the liberal supply of lube applied before any action started......

Anyway a tragic chick.... Nice enough but Obviously has some vices and is needing cash... I wouldn't go back in a pink fit. I was waiting for some guy to come in while I was there and roll me... I didn't feel safe.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 8th January 2011, 08:03 PM
Poster ID: FriarFuck
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Good review. Nice to know. Her cracker add would normally be enough to get me there.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 27th February 2011, 12:42 AM
Poster ID: Callas
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Danni

Establishment : Unit in Claremont

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: http://cracker.com.au/perth-central-...562/advert.htm

Rates: $150 half, $250 hour

Age: Gotta be late 40's (at least) in my opinion

Size/shape: Skinny, not toned

Nationality or Ethnicity: Aussie

Services Provided: massage,oral, full service, 

Value for money/recommend?: No on both criteria.

My experience/comments: Have to agree with Solution here. The place was a dodgy unit block and the unit wasn't particularly clean. Her photos on Cracker were quite hot, but when she opened the door I was rather disappointed. Much older than her photos suggest and really lacking tone.
I got the cursory massage, then some cbj. I don't mind a bit of daty, but I am soon put off by the unclean smell and taste. The sex was OK, but the moment had been wrecked by my daty experience. I couldn't wait to get out of there. 
Like Solution says, she was pleasant enough but she has poor hygiene and is excessively expensive. 
Value for money? Nope   
Recommend? Definitely not.


