Thread Title: Dianella - Perth -  0426 105 242
Floor: #1
Post Time: 27th February 2014, 02:31 PM
Poster ID: Toad
Post Title: 
 Dianella - Perth -  0426 105 242
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Milf40 - never got her real name

 Establishment : her private residence

 Date of Visit : 26/2/14

 Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Locanto: WANT SOME FUN WITH A LADY (ad now deleted apparently by Locanto but see below) 

 Hours of Business : School hours and more if she is using a hotel room.

 Rates : 250 for about 90 minutes

 Age : early forties

 Size/shape : size 12 to 14, big natural boobs 

 Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

 Services Provided : FS

 Value for money/recommend? : Maybe

 My experience/comments :

After two failed attempts for a punt while visiting the west, Toad responded to a Locanto ad early on the day and received a response an hour later.  Called a cab and headed north, arriving at an open door with our Milf stuffed into an undersized bra, babydoll and G-string.  She is maybe 168cm and probably 70kg - solid but not too big for Toad's tastes.  Initial conversation and settle the deal was followed by her bending over the table for easy access to a wet pussy - this girl needed a toad's tool fast!  Slipped it out and slipped it in to moans of appreciation...  Transferred the action to the bedroom where there was a succession of toys, porn on the computer and daddy/daughter role play.  Insisted on and received some very enjoyable cock licking and sucking, but it was obvious that her preference was to have pussy full of cock and her (huge) nipples tortured.  Anal play happened on her with toys and a finger but she was not keen on the idea of salami in the rear.  On the other hand she was very keen to be punished for being ....... and mumbled about being tied up.  Maybe next time.  With commitments looming the climax was reached with her head buried in the sheets and her now red arse in the air, and toad's tool delivering a full load.

Would I recommend?  She's in this for the money but obviously also for the sex.  She's not a bad root and quite flexible but not an outright cock slut.  Not a clock watcher.  She does have some domestic issues which she mentions but doesn't impose on the play.

And having just done a scan of the Locanto ads, I think this will be her - want to play with me now - 40.  Text is almost exactly as the now deleted ad I responded to.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 27th February 2014, 04:37 PM
Poster ID: Solution
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : MILF40 

Establishment : Private Residence (but she also books hotel rooms)

Date of Visit : February 2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Find her on Locanto in the personals section W4M. She likes to be discreet so doesn't publish her contact details in her advertisements.


Hours of Business : Check with her I would say working hours vary. This isn't a fulltime thing for her.

Rates : 250 / hour

Age : 40

Size/shape : She's short and a firm curvy with a nice even tan with some sexy tan lines on her ass. Her breasts are extraordinary and lovely to play with and her butt is a joy to slam in doggie.. such a firm bubble butt. She is the soccer yummy mummy girl next door that has a ....... streak. She's pleasant to look at but not drop dead gorgeous... there is a lot of scarring and sun damage on her face. So not for someone who wants young and pretty.. more for the someone that wants a ....... fuck with a genuine MILF.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : FS does most things except Greek/Anal

Value for money/recommend? : I enjoyed her

My experience/comments : 

So I caught up with MILF in the Northern suburbs of Perth at her private residence. Finding the place was pretty easy and parking is discreet. When I arrived her appearance exceeded my expectations. 

After some kissing and fondling it wasn't long before my pants were around my ankles and this ......., yummy, soccer mum in her heals and sexy lingerie bent over her table and invited me to inspect her dripping wet pussy. She gets turned on by being ones complete object of desire which makes her feel sexy and just escalates the sexual mood.

After a few thrusts, and a quick tour of her vagina, she spun around for a little suck while I went to work releasing her amazing breasts into the wild.... before long I was invited to the bedroom where she quickly got on her back with a vibrator and started to play with herself in front of me. The invitation to get closer was hard to refuse.... After some more foreplay and some average cock sucking it was on for young 'n' old... doggie was superb and her butt firmly bounced with each thrust as she toyed with her clit and moaned.. upping the pace it wasn't long before I shot the mother load into the back of the dom.

Quite a unique punt. I recommend punters be mindful of the discretion this woman appreciates be nice and enjoy her.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 27th February 2014, 06:19 PM
Poster ID: exmelpunter
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I quite like toad's style. I always picture him dressed as toad in wind in the willows from the classic illustartions, either in the green country gents outfit or sometimes in goggles and a silk scarf. Love it


Floor: #4
Post Time: 18th January 2015, 08:27 PM
Poster ID: dofusm
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Just wondering is this the ad or 
http://perth.locanto.com.au/ID_37135...-some-fun.html or this
http://perth.locanto.com.au/ID_34616...ILF-40DDs.html


Floor: #5
Post Time: 6th February 2015, 06:14 PM
Poster ID: Solution
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Yup that looks like her in the ads. She was a good punt - then she got fucked up on the gear, complicated and flaky, started doing gang bangs and hanging out with the wrong crowd..... and I think the drugs induced an unsightly skin condition. All this put me off which is a shame. I did enjoy her when she was more the doting yummy mummy soccer mum.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 13th December 2015, 03:00 PM
Poster ID: Solution
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
In the interest of dodging bullets... Her current number advertised is 0426105242. 

Toad you would be shocked to see her now. Complete meth head look going. What a shame .....


Floor: #7
Post Time: 13th December 2015, 03:36 PM
Poster ID: nextlif
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Locanto ad: http://perth.locanto.com.au/ID_65375...n-tonight.html





			
				aussie milf fun tonight - 40
Contact advertiser
Yes, naughty 40 Aussie female, brunette, curvy size 12 with dd's looking for rewarding men to come over and play with me this morning, I host txt 0426105242

Ad ID: 653758383  aussie milf fun tonight, Perth - 40


