Thread Title: Dove - East Perth - 0488 888 646
Floor: #1
Post Time: 8th May 2014, 02:30 PM
Poster ID: cammy
Post Title: 
 Dove - East Perth - 0488 888 646
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Monica Possibly also Dove

 Establishment: private

 Date of Visit: 18/4/14

 Contact Details/Address/Weblink: East Perth 0488 888 646  _____real 19 year old Greek girl, doing everything you want____ - perth escorts - backpage.com

 Hours of Business: Daytime 

 Rates:$250

 Age: Early 20-22 

 Size/shape: Slim / medium boobs

 Nationality or Asian

 Services Provided: Full Service, bbbj, CIM

 Value for money/recommend?: Good value for money

 My experience/comments:

Firstly rang this girl after seeing her pics on the BackPage website. The pics on the site suggested a 19 year old night club girl (Korean) with a great body and the pics showed same. Decided to visit at a very discreet apartment, barely furnished so used for escort only. The girl answered was young and lean but attractive. Still unsure whether the pics advertised on the site were her as the pics looked like a more bodied person but hey she was pretty. Decided to stay and handed over the cash and went straight in for a shower. Got out and she was very nice and led me to the bed where she started to kiss me from chest to toe and then back to chest before heading to my lips. She ventured downwards and started on my shaft which was starting to enjoy. Blowjob was very good enough to a point where I was starting to try and control the pressure before it came too late and I exploded in her mouth. She went into the bathroom to gargle and I decided to shower. I came out from the shower and she started to give me a back massage. This then started to include her using her mouth and tongue and diverted into a back door rim. Not that keen on this part so she whispered to me to turn over to look at my manhood again and started to once again give it attention by her mouth. At this point I decided I was going to spend the last minutes of my booking with my tool in her mouth and once again I exploded in her mouth. I left shortly after and even though I would have preferred someone with a little more meat on her bones I visited her 2 more times. Alas she has left so not sure when she will be back. Mark


Floor: #2
Post Time: 12th May 2014, 03:24 PM
Poster ID: PrawnStar
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
So shes gone ? darn her ad is still active pricey but sounds like a blast  next time tell us on 1st visit so we can help stretch her out for you a little


Floor: #3
Post Time: 13th May 2014, 09:31 AM
Poster ID: Onedegreemore
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks for sharing.


