Floor: #1
Post Time: 9th February 2010, 11:34 PM
Poster ID: tryhardaussie
Post Title: 
 Dreamlane VIP Escorts - 0438 002 003 / 0438 004 002
				
Post Content: 
Guys if ever you are in Perth and crave the services of a really attractive Asian girl do not hesitate in seeking out the name Dreamlane.

I am in Perth every 6-8 weeks and Dreamlane has provided me with some of the classiest girls that I have had the pleasure of CIM.

In my few posts you may have already discovered my penchant for this activity and most of the girls here provide this service and most a stunners.

Prices are reasonable at @180 for the hour.
The only downside is that you will need a car or cab. They have 3 venue and all are about 10-15 out of town. They are houses with only one shower so you may run into another punter in the hall way but a small sacrifice when you consider the quality of the girls.

I am not sure of the protocol here so if I offend admin I apologise in advance but this is there url  http://dream-lane.com/ and you will see what I mean by quality staff. And the pictures are real. My  next post will be a review on Sha Sha

Keep your end up


Floor: #2
Post Time: 10th February 2010, 07:58 AM
Poster ID: Xmin
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
No offence taken, keep up the good work.

Contact details, prices and links are always a good thing in a review, feel free to edit yours to include those, or a Mod might do so at a later date.

If we get a lot of WA  reviews, we will create a separate forum for them, so it's up to you and other Perth punters to make it happen.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 16th June 2010, 02:30 AM
Poster ID: ahong
Post Title: 
 DreamLane Sha Sha Perth
				
Post Content: 
Establishment: Dream Lane
person's Name: Sha Sha

Contact Details/Address: Kewdale / Victoria Park

Prices: $180 an hour (pretty good in Perth)

Age: 20 (according to website)

Size/shape: D and nice body

Nationality or Ethnicity: Sha Sha is korean but most DL girls are korean or japanese.

Services: Amazing BJ, massage below average (you don't go to these places for that to begin with), her other services are really good. She also is very good at GFE. Many places in Perth say they have GFE but many fail to put out. 

Value for money/recommend ? 10 out of 10. I would recommend Sha Sha to anyone any day. Her english is very good so she can understand what you say or are asking for. Also always call a few hours before going in. Sha Sha gets booked out pretty quick. 

Also parking is limited at both locations. Kewdale has better parking.

My experience: Been to Dreamlane and Secrets. Overall DL and Secrets overall have above average girls. Saying that I've been to DL and secrets before and been very disappointed. Find one thats good and don't change would be my recommendation.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 16th June 2010, 02:32 AM
Poster ID: ahong
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I forgot to add.

I've seen ShaSha a few times. Trust me when I say earlier is better


Floor: #5
Post Time: 22nd June 2010, 03:40 PM
Poster ID: robby_john
Post Title: 
 Shasha
				
Post Content: 
Establishment and/or person's Name: ShaSha

Prices:$150-200

Age:24

Size/shape:Slim and georgous

Nationality or Ethnicity:Asian

Services:Kissing, oral, sex

Value for money/recommend?:Yes

My experience/comments: Spent a wonderful late evening with this lady, she is very affectionate and brought a smile to my face, very strongly recommend


Floor: #6
Post Time: 22nd June 2010, 04:43 PM
Poster ID: robby_john
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Conatctv details for SHaSha is 0438 002 003


Floor: #7
Post Time: 22nd June 2010, 05:18 PM
Poster ID: Hohnerboy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Would ShaSha be a Sydney based lady, or somewhere else?


Floor: #8
Post Time: 14th July 2010, 01:19 PM
Poster ID: heat.seeker
Post Title: 
 ShaSha at DreamLane
				
Post Content: 
Establishment and/or person's Name: ShaSha (DreamLane)

Contact Details/Address: Bentley

Hours of Business: (if known or applicable)

Prices: 180/hr

Age: 21

Size/shape: 6

Nationality or Ethnicity: Korean

Services: full service

Value for money/recommend?: she was great

My experience/comments: I had seen some review online before I went to see ShaSha. She was great with GFE staff. I was quite impress with her place as well. it was clean, and somehow private enough not be seen by too many people. 
happy punting.


Floor: #9
Post Time: 12th August 2010, 07:32 PM
Poster ID: ahong
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by Hohnerboy


Would ShaSha be a Sydney based lady, or somewhere else
"""



From what I am aware she only worked in Perth.

Please note that ShaSha is either taking a break at DL or no longer works at DL.


Floor: #10
Post Time: 13th August 2010, 11:40 AM
Poster ID: joefrancis
Post Title: 
 Scarlett @ DL, Perth
				
Post Content: 
Scarlett is a beautiful, smart and friendly Korean lady. Masses of thick, long flowing black hair with a petite firm body, natural boobs and a really nice derriere!

She greeted me with the best smile (I am a sucker for a nice smile) but she wasnt totally at ease at first. I think they must get some very wierd punters (law of averages) so they spend the first few minutes sussing out what they are dealing with!

After I showered she was straight into the BJ (with ball licking) - very very nice!
The sex was excellent, a real GFE experience. At times I think she was enjoying it too much because she stopped me a couple of times and sort of caught her breath and slowed me down. Mouth kissing with a bit of tongue, very sensual.

Very unrushed service. We lay naked and had a really nice chat for about 20 minutes afterwards whilst caressing each other. She made me feel very special.

I contacted her after seeing her ad. on BC (Beautiful Companions web site). I am not sure if the photos on BC are of her but she is as beautiful if not more so than the photos. I think some times the reason for displaying other photos is not so much to fool you but to get your interest whilst protecting thier identity. I certainly was not disappointed!

I really like this lady, not only is she beautiful, but very smart too.
I will definately visit her again. Highly recommended.


Floor: #11
Post Time: 15th August 2010, 11:29 AM
Poster ID: sucks
Post Title: 
 Heidi @ Dreamlane (Perth)
				
Post Content: 
Establishment and/or person's Name: Heidi @ Dreamlane in Perth

Contact Details/Address: 409 Orrong Road, Kewdale, Perth.

Hours of Business: (if known or applicable) I think 9am -3 or 4 am the next day

Prices: $180 per hour

Age: 22

Size/shape: Size 8 (I guess?)

Nationality or Ethnicity: Korean

Services: Full service, light kissing..no DATY, No fingering pussy, light touching outside pussy ok.

Value for money/recommend?: Yes, Because very pretty.

My experience/comments: This girl is very good looking .. I mean like film star good looking, her service is friendly enough but lacks full GFE...still good though because she is pretty tight and the way her leg wrap around you when you are on top makes you feel good. I am not sure if I will repeat, even though she is good, because she lacks a few things I like... Ie DATY and tongue kissing... she does not allow DATY or fingering and tongue kissing is only very very minimal... I only managed to taste a bit of her tongue when she is full warmed up. Anyway, still she is pretty good value if you don't need DATY and tongue kiss...


Floor: #12
Post Time: 16th August 2010, 03:20 AM
Poster ID: ahong
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hey punters,

Dreamlane actually has two locations so pretty much this is a general post

Establishment and/or person's Name: Dreamlane
Contact Details/Address:  They have two locations
Kewdale (It's the corner house on President Street and Orrong Road). Since Orrong Road is a main road I would recommend parking on President Street. Parking at the house is pretty tight.
The Second house is on McMillian Street Victoria Park (Please check with them before going since I've never been there. Only got told the location). Apparently there a lot of space to park at the house. They have parking in the back. I also believe the Vic Park house is on a main road to so park at the house.

Hours of Business: 10am until late. Depends on which day you go but usually 2am and on busier days later

Prices: $180 per hour (umm I am assuming no one goes for less than 1 hour) they also do outcalls but you will have to check with them.

Age: Most girls are give or take 19 to 24.

Size/shape: Usually Cs to Ds

Overall most of the girls have decent bodies. 

Nationality or Ethnicity: Mostly Korean but sometimes half Korean half Japanese or full Japanese

Services: Service depends on the girl. I would highly recommend asking first. 

Also going back to what tryhardaussie said both houses have share showers. 

Just out of interested do they still post ads on Beautiful Companion? I can't seem to find any.


Floor: #13
Post Time: 24th August 2010, 02:50 PM
Poster ID: watonearth
Post Title: 
 my little experience
				
Post Content: 
I have been accompanied by Sha-sha and some other DL ladies.

As lots of has said, the service are amazing.

GFE is wonderful.

Sex is Nice and Unrushed.

Overall, of course it's worth comin back to DL.

I havent heard of Sha-sha for a while. She mite be gone i think?? any ideas??

Kimi is also one of the ladies you might wanna look for.


Floor: #14
Post Time: 24th August 2010, 02:53 PM
Poster ID: watonearth
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I am not good of a writer...i Hope that review of mine gave u enough info. thanks


Floor: #15
Post Time: 26th August 2010, 03:33 AM
Poster ID: watonearth
Post Title: 
 my first review
				
Post Content: 
Hii All,

I posted one about sha-sha short time ago.

As I have said a well worthed lady to be with.

Found her through BC website. Took an hour session for $180.

She is nice girl, lots of fun to be with..feels like a girlfriend.

Not sure if she still around.


Floor: #16
Post Time: 28th August 2010, 07:22 PM
Poster ID: ahong
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
After talking to the girls at DL and the boss, ShaSha actually quit a while ago so I doubt she be coming back. 

Please note they change there name to Dream Girls but there still DL.


Floor: #17
Post Time: 11th September 2010, 01:18 AM
Poster ID: some10
Post Title: 
 Dreamlane perth
				
Post Content: 
Establishment and/or person's Name: Dreamlane Perth Bentley 

Contact Details/Address: 0438 004 002
Hours of Business: (unknown) 

Prices: 180
Name: Sha Sha
Nationality: Korean
Face 8/10
Body 9/10 Boobs was D i think
Age: 20+, 
Cat Bath: 9/10 lots of licking
BJ 8/10
FJ 8/10 cowgirl was good with lots of hip movement
Overall 8/10

Value for money/recommend?: Yes

Tried sha sha sometime ago, Short review, Reach there, we got all naked and went down to business. Starting was standard procedure, a bit of kissing on the lips with some tongue action, then proceed to cat bath. she sure gave me a gd licking from toes to head. Next started off with cow gal swap a few positions and then finish it off with missionary. after that she gave me a bit of massage and time was up.


Floor: #18
Post Time: 7th January 2011, 01:19 AM
Poster ID: jnbse
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Just a heads up, Sha SHa is back at Dream Lane, her ad is on BC. Not sure if it is actually her tho, will find out soon


Floor: #19
Post Time: 17th January 2011, 10:10 AM
Poster ID: Garzon
Post Title: 
 Sha Sha at Dreamlane, Kewdale
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Sha Sha

Establishment (if applicable): Dreamlane

Contact Details/Address: Orrong Road, Kewdale

Hours of Business: (if known or applicable)

Prices: $150 for 45 minutes

Age: 25

Size/shape: 6 or 7

Nationality or Ethnicity: Asian Korean

Services: Full service

Value for money/recommend: Recently saw Sha Sha at Dreamlane in Kewdale, very good GFE, lots of kissing and lots of good fun. Highly recommened. She is here for 6 months so there is plenty of time to see her. She is still hot and sexy and I will be back for sure.


Floor: #20
Post Time: 10th February 2011, 12:46 AM
Poster ID: monkeymagic
Post Title: 
 Dream Lane - Perth - Sha Sha
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Sha Sha

Establishment (if applicable): Dream Lane

Contact Details/Address: www.beautifulcompanions.com.au

Hours of Business: (if known or applicable)

Prices: $220

Age:23

Size/shape: 8, great body

Nationality or Ethnicity: korean

Services: Tried everything but anal

Value for money/recommend?: yes, highly recommended

My experience/comments: (Here you must have at least 1 full sentence - "Ill be back" or "good value" is not a sentence or review. 20 word minimum please)

Realized I forgot to use the template in my previous thread


 Dream Lane - Perth - Sha Sha
Hi Guys, this was last year because it's been that long since my last punt. Was in Perth and found an Asian place online called Dream-Lane. Their site is down now but they still list on the Beautiful Companions site. 

Saw a Korean girl called Sha Sha. Her body was absolutely stunning and she had enhanced DD breasts. Unfortunately the face didn't match her body but still was ok. She was very attentive and licked me head to toe. Really good head, cowgirl and then doggie. I would highly recommend her as I've been told she's really popular. 

Also, Dream Lane operates out of a houses a bit outside the CBD but often move, so just be aware. Saw the other girls working and they were all stunning. Waiting room was a bit odd as it was a lounge room where you waited with other guys.


Floor: #21
Post Time: 10th February 2011, 10:48 PM
Poster ID: smillion
Post Title: 
 Yuna dreamlane
				
Post Content: 
So I saw Yuna a Korean girl at Dreamlane in Perth.

Pros:
Fantastic Blowjob and Cat Bath
Great Body

Cons:
No DFK.
Fake tits.

Went in and asked to see any girl. I was given Yuna and when she saw me she immediately seemed like a nice girl. She isn't the type who's a dead fish but nor is she too talkative.

She started off with a great cat bath then proceeded to a blowjob which I almost blew my load too early. We then had sex in various positions and after I finished we talked a bit despite her lack of english skills.

Overall a great time and I would definitely go back.

Rating: 8/10


Floor: #22
Post Time: 1st August 2012, 02:52 PM
Poster ID: Tallguy_71
Post Title: 
 Mari - DreamLane Canning Highway Como WA
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Mari

Establishment : Private House

Date of Visit : Early July 2012

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0438 004 002

Hours of Business : Not known 

Rates : $190 per hour 

Age : 25

Size/shape : 8

Nationality or Ethnicity : Korea

Services Provided : Natural french, good massage and sex twice in hour

Value for money/recommend? : Very good - will return

My experience/comments : 
This is second time I have visited Dreamlane in different locations.  Now they are located in old Molescan premises on Canning Hwy.

Was greeted by Mari a young Korean girl with reddish short cropped hair and invited to take a shower and then wait in allocated room. When she returned she disrobed and started with a brief massage before engaging in most wonderful BBBJ as is common to most girls working for Dreamlane.  We then proceeded to missionary and doggy for round one before a thorough massage in between and second round consisting of another BBBJ (quick wash requested in between which I had no hesitation in complying with) and then on to Cow girl and finishing in missionary.

DreamLane's rates always seem slightly on high side but value for money is high and I will definitely return to savour further delights of the Orient...


Floor: #23
Post Time: 4th July 2013, 08:08 PM
Poster ID: gooner14
Post Title: 
 yujin at DL (Mt Lawley)
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Yujin

Establishment : DL Mt Lawley

Date of Visit : 29/6/13

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0438 002 003 / 0438 004 002
http://www.beautifulcompanions.com.a...al-Photos.html

Hours of Business : 10-about 1am 

Rates : 170/45min

Age : 20s

Size/shape : petite, busty

Nationality or Ethnicity : Korean

Services Provided : FS, massage, light kissing

Value for money/recommend? : Yes! cuz this is my new favourite place, full of top koreans

My experience/comments : After Secret in Cannington closed down, i moved on to this place upon recommendation from forum. Have to say my first exp with yujin was very impressive, the girls there all mostly impressive (nice looking), but i settled with yujin. her sweet smile catched me, and everything from then on just GFE. Love that feeling, although i dont have long sex, but i am satisfied. the girl know how to tease and please man =)


Floor: #24
Post Time: 13th July 2013, 05:55 AM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
The BC Ad,

yujin

5 STAR

I am sexy  and I know how to make a man happy. I'm very beautiful  ...and my figure is perfect. When you meet me you feel happy happy happy. I can make you come back again and again.

For my safety and yours, I do not provide unprotected sex and Greek. Please don’t ask, as refusal may offend.

Charges: $120/ 30 min, $160/45 min $190/60 min

CALL 0438 002 003

out call available.$230


