Thread Title: Elaine - Parkwood - 0432 509 957
Floor: #1
Post Time: 17th May 2011, 11:26 PM
Poster ID: Callas
Post Title: 
 Elaine - Parkwood - 0432 509 957
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Elaine

Establishment : Private in Parkwood, Western Australia

Date of Visit: 17/05/2011

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: Private Escorts : NEW TO PERTH Sexy 19yo Student

Hours of Business: Depends on her TAFE commitments

Rates: $120 for half hour, $150 for 45 mins, $180 for an hour

Age: Young, probably 19-21

Size/shape: Small, nice figure, A cups

Nationality or Ethnicity: Taiwanese

Services Provided: Massage, cbj, daty, fs

Services Not Provided: Kissing, bbbj

Value for money/recommend?: Yes

My experience/comments: 

It took me a few days to actually get hold of Elaine. Her phone often just rings out and her message bank is always full. Finally got in contact today.

Drove down to her place in Parkwood. Very easy to find and quite discreet even though it was a house.

The house was very neat and tidy. Shower and bathroom was nice and clean too.

She was quite a cheerful lass, and we agreed on the $180 hour deal. She offered me a drink. I had water and didn't ask what else was available. I'd had a shower at home but decided to have a quick freshen up. Shower time wasn't included in the hour, which was nice.

She quite a pretty young lady. She stripped down revealing a firm size 5-6 body with A-cup boobs. If you like a lady's nether regions to be au naturel, then Elaine is the lady for you. I must confess that seeing what looked like Davy Crockett's hat between her legs did shock me a little in this day and age.

She proceeded to give me a fairly soft massage, before turning me around for some time just stroking each other's body. I do like a bit of daty, so I made my way down and spent a considerable amount of time there. She was quite receptive to the daty. When I came up for air she gave me a very respectable cbj.

As she weighs just 42kg, we decided that her on top was the position where my 95kg frame was least likely to kill her . She was nice and tight and those perky A-cups really got the full beam on during the cowgirl.

I had another shower before leaving and she escorted me to the door offering just a little peck kiss goodbye.

She definitely wasn't clock watching during our time.

Overall 9/10


Floor: #2
Post Time: 9th June 2011, 11:05 PM
Poster ID: grooba
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
What would you rate her out of 10 for looks?


