Thread Title: Eliciiah deeh - Perth outcall - 0403 546 886
Floor: #1
Post Time: 26th January 2019, 04:20 PM
Poster ID: pj80
Post Title: 
 Eliciiah deeh - Perth outcall - 0403 546 886
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Eliciiah deeh
Establishment : Independent

Date of Visit : 21/1/2019

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://m.locanto.com.au/perth/ID_31...n-goddess.html

Phone : 0403546886

Hours of Business : call to find out

Rates : $400 for 2hrs

Age : 21

Size/shape :.8/10 D cup titts great arse

Nationality or Ethnicity : African

Services Provided :everything except anal.BBFS

Value for money/recommend? : yes

My experience/comments :

Had this one on the radar for a while and never could find the time to see her as she only does outcall and my flatmate is always home. Well on this day flat mate is gone so i call shes free and in 25mins shes knocking on my door. Her driver looked at me and gave a look that was puzzling but WTF.

Lead her into the house and god this one is hot as and first thig apart from her sexy smile and face you notice is her great arse as she walks into the lounge room. Sone small talk and a quick drink before we are locked in a great DFK and before i know it she has her hand down my pant and the other has got my belt off and fly undone, so i stand up and let them fall to the ground which allows her to get to work.

She stops after about 5 mins and asks which way to the bedroom and on the way there we DFK as i shed her of her clothes and then in the room admire her beautiful naked body as i suck on her great boobs and finger her tight box. 

Pretty much most of the first hour was a blur of black on white moving from missionary to doggie to cowgirl to 69 and then finally all i really remember is Eliciiah tell me not to cum in her, WTF,  ive just been doing her bareback? But no,the dom is on as i pull out, cant even remember when the dom went on!
It now when she rips off the dom and work me deep and hard with her mouth lots of gagging and spit going everywhere until i cant hold on and without worning i explode in her mouth whih makes her pull away as the remaining shots land on her face and titts, this was what she was trying to say when she said do cum in her. After a chat and a shower we return to lounge and ave a drink and play around going round two there before she get a call from her driver telling hes 10mins away so quick shower and clean up for her and shes out the door. I return to kitchen and notice shes been there close to 3 hrs which seem to fly by.

This one is truly amazing and is keen for everything except anal and will go hard from the moment you kiss her until she leaves will very much be going back to see her again this time i will do an overnighter.


