Thread Title: Elise - Inglewood - 0437 786 011
Floor: #1
Post Time: 11th June 2011, 03:47 AM
Poster ID: Solution
Post Title: 
 Elise - Inglewood - 0437 786 011
				
Post Content: 
Avoid!

Person's Name:  Elise

Establishment :  Private Inglewood

Date of Visit:  June 2011

Contact Details/Address/Weblink:  Cracker under Sexy Mature Aussie

Cut and paste: 

"Elise 45 year old  attractive Aussie, sexy slim body, great legs and bum. Quality service  with fantastic french, no rush, and available day or night. If you want a  real time with a real woman then i'm the lady you need. A hot time with  a sexy, fun and interesting companion! $250 hour full service but  please call (not text) my mobile number for other rates and info"

Hours of Business: Didn't ask

Rates:  $150 / half $250 / hr

Age:  Says 45 - looks 65

Size/shape: Weird looking, large bone structure, overly skinny , no boobs... F..UGLY.

Nationality or Ethnicity: Bogainian Aussie

Services Provided: BBBJ, CIM, FS

Value for money/recommend?:  Fuck No! 

My experience/comments: I arrived at Elises door step to be met by an alarming figure of a woman. Gaunt face, fucked up teeth wrinkly and ugly.... She looked like an old dirty dunlop sand shoe with lipstick and fragrance liberally sprayed on. 

The place was a dump and stunk of cigarettes and a weird sicky sweet smell..... I didn't get a good look at her until I entered her place and she closed the door behind me. I was standing there looking in horror as the light caught her and thought it might have been a man for a moment..... 

I told her I couldn't do it... and for a moment there I thought she was going to kill me. She bailed me up at the door demanding at least $20 for wasting her time... What would you have done?

I just stood there saying "sorry, you just don't do it for me.... I can't do this, I need to go now..." Eventually she let me pass and get out before hurling further abuse at me.

I was fucking stupid --- I must not have looked at the pics closely enough.. I thought the cracker add displayed a hot ass but fuck.... 

I parked up around the corner and let the XXX Australian Reviews site guide me. I was guided to a sensational GFE experience with lovely shasha and all the stress of the prior experience melted away.

Now really... someone like the fugly scrag I had the displeasure of encountering charging 250 for an hour for an experience that is probably as dangerous as sticking your dick in a blender is nuts!


Floor: #2
Post Time: 11th June 2011, 09:24 PM
Poster ID: Garzon
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
HAHAHAHAaa......whoaaaaaaaaa, mate. I know mate, this experience was also happened to me in the past but with different fugly troll. I also stood in fear, if u could say it, what the hell is going on with me at that time. It looked like I was in the worst nightmare that Freddy Kruger even refuse to appear in my nightmare. That's really put u off from full lust to negative lust and trembling in shock, MWAHAHAHAHHAAAA...........

Thanx for the info for the zombie out there


Floor: #3
Post Time: 12th June 2011, 05:37 PM
Poster ID: Callas
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks for the heads up...she looks OK on her photos.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 12th December 2011, 11:07 AM
Poster ID: enegizer
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hey guys, has anyone actually tried her. I know she is close to the airport and I'll be there in the coming weeks for a connecting flight with a wait. Don't want to go to far out of the area. Does anyone know of anything of good value but isn't Asian?

Cheers


Floor: #5
Post Time: 12th December 2011, 09:48 PM
Poster ID: tinytim
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I made the same mistake, but got out a lot easier. Photos she looks somewhat hot, for a mature chick. In person, she had applied her makeup with a bricked trowel, and smelt. I did a perfect 180 as soon as I entered her little granny flat and bailed. Definitely avoid.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 18th December 2011, 05:09 PM
Poster ID: waguy
Post Title: 
 Avoid
				
Post Content: 
Definitely avoid she looks like a junky as soon as i saw her i left she keep sending text messages to my mobile.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 29th December 2011, 04:33 PM
Poster ID: goodsex
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
HAHA!!

I know what you guys mean. This chick(?) has been around for a while. I saw her years ago when I was younger, dumber, and so horny it ached. I remember once I was in there I started shitting myself a bit but she was actually quite nice to me. I went the bbbj which was itself excellent! But I was not turned on by her and wanted to get out so I sort of laid there paralyzed and when I came in her mouth I wasn't even fully hard.

Think I'd booked the half hour because I just wanted a bj, can't remember how much I paid, don't care because I can chalk it up to an experience. And I have had myself several STI checks over the years and haven't had a problem so, whew, all ok.


Floor: #8
Post Time: 31st December 2011, 06:25 PM
Poster ID: sbxlv
Post Title: 
 Another att at first review - Sexy Mature Aussie 0437786011 NOT
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Elise - advertises as Sexy mature Aussie

Establishment : Private in Bayswater

Date of Visit : 27 December 2011

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Cracker.com.au or in West Australian 

Hours of Business :  24/7

Rates : $150 for 30 and $200 for 60 minutes

Age : says she is 45 but looks and feels older

Size/shape : small bust thin body

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : intense blowjob without condom

Value for money/recommend? : no

My experience/comments : The first thing that you will notice when walking in is that Elise is not an attractive woman  but nevertheless  after driving for 30 mins and being late in the night requested one hour. After paying the money she was about to light up a smoke. I asked her not too then she took the money and then went out back for a few minutes with smoke in hand.

When she got back we undress and laid down on a bed kind of set up.
Up close it is either Elise is way older than 45 or just had a very hard life.
Elise loves to use the word fuck and told stories how men are ringing and then not showing up or walking away.
Started to kiss which seemed cold and started running my hand down her hairy leg.
That was enough for me. 
I informed Elise that I was not getting turned on and advised her that she can keep the money.

I am sure that there is a market for Elise but if you are willing to pay for it there are better options available.


