Thread Title: Emma - Perth (CBD) - 0415 375 297
Floor: #1
Post Time: 14th August 2013, 10:33 PM
Poster ID: Bubbles
Post Title: 
 Emma - Perth (CBD) - 0415 375 297
				
Post Content: 
She advertises on cracker

http://cracker.com.au/central-metrop...urn=1&pageno=4

$400 all inclusive. Any of you guys seen her?


Floor: #2
Post Time: 16th August 2013, 10:07 AM
Poster ID: Solution
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Yep seen her . Pm for details . Will write a review sometime soon.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 3rd October 2013, 05:24 PM
Poster ID: Solution
Post Title: 
 Ema - 0415 375 297
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Ema

Establishment : Private, Perth CBD

Date of Visit : August 2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0415 375 297

Hours of Business : Variable

Rates : $400 p/h

Age : Mid - Late 20's

Size/shape : Skinny with average to small bust. Nice and tall with nice ass.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Kiwi Girl

Services Provided : Everything PSE

Value for money/recommend? : Fuck yes

My experience/comments : 

Ok so I caught up with Ema in the city for an incall and I must say I was dicked around a bit at the start. She went over or double booked my start time so she had a mouth full of cock when I was downstairs trying to get her to pick up to confirm. As I was pulling away to go on my way in a huff she called and apologized. So little head said it was time to U-Turn and head back --- so I did.

Lead by the little head I negotiated my way up the elevator to her room. She answered the door wearing nothing but a white bra and panties.. She had a hot bod... a very average face... She is not attractive at all but has a fun personality and is a complete SLUT in the bedroom. In fact, I just wish I could find a girl that was as Slutty as her and fucking A1 attractive ...... Or maybe I don't because if I did find her I'd probably end up married or broke (although I'm thinking that is synonymous)......

Anyway, the session started with her helping to undress me.... she couldn't wait to get to my cock with her mouth. Perched on the edge of the bed on all fours she eagerly fumbled with my belt to get my pants off before sliding down my undies and letting my cock bounce out....... she was there sucking my dick on all fours and I just had to get my hands on her firm arse while she went to town sucking on my cock.... deep throating... and gagging she seemed to enjoy it... 

After some time she turned around on all fours with her ass in the air. I took down her undies which exposed the tightest cute pink pussy and a lovely date that also appeared to long for some attention.... I slapped my cock against her ass and pussy a little before sliding it into her very hot wet snatch whilst my thumb, lubcricated with my saliva, traced her asshole.... Fuck it was hot...

A bit of pumping her pussy whilst I stretched her ass with my fingers soon lead to me popping my cock into her sphincter and BOY DID IT FEEL GOOD........ slowly I slid to the hilt of my sword ... I remember just being there and looking at the site of my cock buried in her ass and thinking I had really better book to see this girl again. Some further pounding... some dirty talk .. POW ... i came deep in her ass before pulling out to check out that big gape for a moment and retiring to the bathroom to clean up. 

Soon it was back for round 2 - repeated the same ... her ass can really take a pounding.... some kissing, some cuddling, some good chats and the session was over.

I recommend this chick if you want a no holes barred PSE experience. I don't recommmend her if you want a sexy princess... she is really a plain Jane.... Additionally she did have the slight smell of bad BO from either herself or from the prior punter... regardless her service made up for the negatives.

So if you like anal, and find yourself in Perth. Take a Ema for a ride and share the review. I found her ass to be totally accommodating and she appears to have few limits when it comes to pleasuring her men.... I reckon this chick would totally go off in a 3some with 2 guys DPing her... If you're up for that PM me 'cause I reckon that would totally be a booking to remember and I'd love to see her work a couple dicks at once. YES she is that bad.... the PSE is awesome.

Tuning out... til next time... Solution!


Floor: #4
Post Time: 3rd October 2013, 09:35 PM
Poster ID: Bubbles
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Awesome review man. PM sent.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 5th October 2013, 08:48 AM
Poster ID: Onedegreemore
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Saw her the other day, nothing much to add except that I pulled out and blew in ther mouth.  She let it drip out of her mouth and slowly swallowed and lick me clean and continue.  Yes, she isvery average in the looks department.


Floor: #6
Post Time: 21st November 2013, 03:38 PM
Poster ID: thamunkii
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Ema

Establishment : Private Apartment in CBD

Date of Visit : 27/10/2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Sexy girl next door , available now, Perth

Hours of Business : Random days, sometimes hard to et in contact with

Rates : 250 half, 400 hr

Age : 27

Size/shape : 10

Nationality or Ethnicity : Kiwi

Services Provided : BBBJ, sex, kissing, Greek, CIM, DATY

Value for money/recommend? : Definitely

My experience/comments : Sent her a message early to see if Ema was working,  then made an appointment for 11. I was about 30mins early and Ema was able to accomodate. Met me downstairs and up we went to her apartment. Some kissing, stripped off and into bedroom for bbbj and a bit of daty. Pounded her arse then went to switch to pussy but she said no, sucked me off then into pussy. About to some, off with DOM and into mouth. Had a drink and a chat then more bbbj. Back to bedroom pounded her arse some more then into her pussy until completion. Shower and left. Well worth it if you can get hold of her. Ill be back for more.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 21st November 2013, 08:33 PM
Poster ID: diamond dog
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Yeah I have a booking as well and review is on Punter Planet with a couple of others.


