Thread Title: Eva - Karrinyup Road - 0451 878 203
Floor: #1
Post Time: 28th February 2018, 07:24 PM
Poster ID: Vooie
Post Title: 
 Eva - Karrinyup Road - 0451 878 203
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Eva

Establishment : Private 

Date of Visit : 24 - 02 - 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0451878203 


Hours of Business : 7pm - 10pm (was what I was told, maybe cause she was booked out?)

Rates : 170 /hr

Age : 28 (is what she said)

Size/shape : 150-155cm roughly / average figure with nice full breasts, at least a D cup

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian

Services Provided : Full service + CIM

Value for money/recommend? :  Yes

My experience/comments :

So after reading a tonne of good reviews on Eva I commited for an hour with this lovely lady.

With any service over 45 mins bbbj is included.

So I arrived at the address given which is on Karrinyup road right near a set of lights so for all you private people this may scare you off 

Eva opened the door wearing a very short skirt and even shorter shirt which was pretty nice. Eva is about 150-155cm which is my rough guess, slightly curvy but by no means chubby! Amazing breasts which is at least a D to my limited knowledge and a nice smile.
As for looks she is plain but still easy to look at!

So in she led me to the room amd we proceeded to kiss, she asked me to get ready and went outside to get something. As I was laying down she came back in with a cup of water and a water bottle in which I found out the cup of water was warm and bottle was cold! She proceeded to give me an amazing bbbj alternating between hot and cold.

After she switched back to a standard bj I was ready to pop and did so in her mouth which I had paid extra for the CIM.

While I was getting ready again she gave me a nice massage which I got to feel those delicious breasts rubbing over my back.

We tried to have a conversation but as her english was limited she had to use a translator on her phone but it was quote endearing seeing her try!

And so as I had recoverd she gave me a nice bj again and then the dom came on and she started riding me for a few minutes, I had to have her doggystyle as it is my fav position so we swapped over and I got to see her shapely ass! Few more minutes of this and I had to cum and so I went as deep as I could and let it go. 

Had a bit of time left so we just cuddled and tried to converse 

Overall she was cute in a plain kind of way but her body was amazing. Apparantly she also takes a hard anal pounding as well but I didn't get to experience that unfortunately! Will love to come back again if she is available


