Thread Title: Eva Lopez - Perth (Touring) - 0432 752 148
Floor: #1
Post Time: 6th December 2011, 10:13 PM
Poster ID: Solution
Post Title: 
 Eva Lopez - Perth (Touring) - 0432 752 148
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name :   Eva Lopez

Establishment :   Private

Date of Visit : December 2011

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0432 752 148,  
Eva Lopez Private Sydney Escort

Hours of Business : 10am - 10pm

Rates :   $400 p/h

Age :   24

Size/shape :   Fanfuckingtastic ! Bootylicious Bod... Curves and an Ass to die for! 

Nationality or Ethnicity :   Exotic - Australian/ Dominican

Services Provided :   BBBJ, FS, RIMMING, DFK, MSOG........... 

Value for money/recommend? :   Very much so, can't wait to see her again 10/10.

My experience/comments : (Here you must give at least a general description of the experience which you have had - 25 word minimum is required to give fellow members an idea of time spent - "Ill be back" or "good value" is not a sentence or review. )

Eva is great fucking value. I couldn't find any reviews on her whilst browsing some options.... but i decided to take my chances and take a punt and I am so damn glad I did!.... 

When I arrive at the door she answers and is wearing an extremely sexy bikkini. I am charged with the orders to have a shower and on my return she proceeds to dry me, and kiss my body before getting on her knees and taking me into her mouth. Unfucking believable... this girl is HOT.

Eva is an extremely attractive girl, very exotic appearances... She has great enhanced D cup breasts that are difficult to spot as being man's creations, full luscious lips, amazing curves and an ass that just drove me wild.

After sucking me whilst she was on her knees she maneuvers to the bed where she sits on all fours rubbing her ass against my cock. In no time I am on my knees at the edge of the bed marveling at her amazing ass which I spread slightly before giving her a good pussy licking and rimming.... Her butt is worthy of being idolized and worshiped to no end... I was in heaven. 

We continued taking turns with this oral extravaganza before getting into some 69 for a while...... things were humming along and I was thinking about when I was going to be able to book her again 'cause she was only visiting! 

Eva then reaches for a dom and rolls it on with her mouth masterfully before sliding her ass down from my mouth to the head of my cock where she lowered herself down in reverse cowgirl. Holy shit, the sensation is incredible -- she is tight, wet, delicious and she is bouncing up and down on my cock... I am in awe and just wish I could pull out a camera and take some photos for later.... After some time she swivels around and is facing me riding my dick and we're kissing deeply and passionately. I can't keep my hands off her body as she continues to writhe and ride me. Before I know it I'm shooting a load... eyes rolling into the back of my head, tongue curling she continues to buck on top of me and milks every last drop.... 

After a rest Eva is back on the bed and eager for more cock. She takes me in her mouth again and sucks me for some time. She deep throated me for a few moments before rolling on another dom and getting on all fours. I take her from behind savoring every moment and build up momentum til I'm pounding her butt deep and hard. Eva was vocal and seemed to "fucking love it"... ... I flip her over and ram that delicious tight pussy on top with her legs bent up over my shoulders..... pounding her pussy I am in awe just watching my cock plunder the depths of her vagina and enjoying the sensations... Feeling a little hungry I pull out and DATY for bit which she seemed to thoroughly enjoy... I sprang back up on top kissing her passionately and entered her again... I fucked her hard and deep with her legs bent up before completely loosing myself in yet another spectacular orgasm.

This girl is a gem - treat her well and enjoy her. I will definitely be seeing this one again...


Floor: #2
Post Time: 7th December 2011, 12:55 AM
Poster ID: Kruschev
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Great Review Solution!


Floor: #3
Post Time: 7th December 2011, 11:33 AM
Poster ID: magictonic
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks Solution
You could have given us the tip a bit early as she is due to leave Perth
Or were you keeping her for yourself !!


Floor: #4
Post Time: 29th December 2011, 05:16 PM
Poster ID: goodsex
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
That is a fucking awesome review Solution! I'm about to see if I can find her unless Magictonic's right and I've missed my chance.


