Thread Title: Eva - Shenton Park - 0405 333 932
Floor: #1
Post Time: 7th January 2012, 09:37 AM
Poster ID: Teejay
Post Title: 
 Eva - Shenton Park - 0405 333 932
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name :  Eva (number 2)

Establishment :  Independent (works from a very private shared villa in Shenton Park)

Date of Visit :  January 2012

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :  0405 333 932 

Private Escorts : Eva - Subiaco

Hours of Business :   Not sure

Rates :  $110 for 30 mins / $170 for 60 mins

Age :  Maybe late 20"s

Size/shape :  Size 10

Nationality or Ethnicity :  Confirmed as Korean 

Services Provided :  Flirty, FS, DATY, CBJ, Dirty Talk

Value for money/recommend? :  Yes

My experience/comments : 
Had visited Eva (Number 1) in December and was in the area and thought I would try her again. Eva Number 2 answered. (I have since gone back and checked and seen that the Beautiful Companions picture had changed - but it is still not the actual girl even though the new picture of the new girl is a reasonable likeness) 
Rang Eva (using blocked number) and was once again told in limited English that she was in Shenton Park not Subiaco. Arranged to be there in 30 minutes and booked for 30 minutes.
Met by Eva Number 2 (E2) at the door in pretty lingerie and given a peck on the cheek and a hug before she took my hand as we walked into her bedroom.Paid and then both got gear off and then onto bed.
Eva had a great little body, smallish tits, grabbable firm ass and tight pussy (shaved but with a hint of bristle).
Eva did not muck around - getting into a CBJ with lots of head and not hand action, great suction and what sounded like genuine moans. She was keen to move things along and asked if I would like to fuck her now and so on with the dom plus lube and she was saddling up on me in cowgirl, grinding away in an accomplished and skilfull manner!
After a while I could feel myself building, so I asked if she liked DATY (expecting a no!) and she said "A little".
That was all the encouragement I needed - so E2 went onto her back on the bed and I started slow DATY. E2 seemed quite surprised that she was enjoying it and it was not long before my ears were in danger of being ripped off as she came quite animatedly.
It took her a few minutes to get back in the game while she was happy for me to be kissing her body and sucking her tits.
I then got ready to start mish - she reached down to check that the glove was still on and gave me a quick hand job to harden me right up. No need for lube this time as I entered her while watching for the reaction on her face which was memorable.
I was conscious of time - and E2 was obviously tired/sleepy after coming - so I went about rogering her diligently and ejoying myself with her finally grabbing my ass cheeks as I climaxed  - actually encouraging me to put in a couple of final pumps.
Again, attentive to cleaning me up and chatty.
This was E2's first week and will be here for a month before returning to Sydney.
From what I can make out - there is some sort of rotating 4 week roster of Korean girls moving between Sydney and Perth using this one adddress in Shenton Park.
Pleasant way to pass some time with a no-nonsense friendly service.


