Thread Title: Eva - Shenton Park - 0410 826 010
Floor: #1
Post Time: 12th December 2011, 09:23 AM
Poster ID: Teejay
Post Title: 
 Eva - Shenton Park - 0410 826 010
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name :  Eva

Establishment :  Independent (works from a very private shared villa in Shenton Park)

Date of Visit :  December 2011

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :  0410826010
Private Escorts : Private @ Subiaco, Malaysian Eva

Hours of Business :   Not sure

Rates :  $110 for 30 mins / $130 for 45 mins / $170 for 60 mins

Age :  Maybe late 20"s

Size/shape :  Meaty but not fat size 10

Nationality or Ethnicity :  Asian (good have been Malaysian)

Services Provided :  Flirty, FS, DATY, CBJ, Light kissing

Value for money/recommend? :  Yes

My experience/comments : 
Saw her ad on Beautiful Companions.
Rang Eva and was told in limited English that she was in Shenton Park not Subiaco. Arranged to be there in 30 minutes and booked for one hour.
Found the villa OK - very private, eaasy to get to, lots of parking out front or around the corner in the next street (unmetered)
Met by softly spoken Eva at the door. In g-string and bra sporting a big smile and with a warm, friendly, flirty attitude. (Photos are not of her)
Taken straight through living area into her bedroom (later heard another punter be welcomed by another girl and taken into another bedroom).
Her bedroom had convenient access to very clean en-suite for those guys that need a shower before returning to reality.
Paid for the hour - both got gear off and then onto bed.
Eva had a pretty good body, ample size tits and tight pussy.
She rolled me over, laid on top of me  and started what was almost passionate kissing while caressing my tackle artfully.
I motioned for her to lie down and I went into DATY - which she loved and was genuinely responsive and enjoying it - so that kept me going.(A bit of bristle was evident)
Any punters waiting for her to orgasm with DATY need to have strong neck muscles and a tongue that will not quit - which fortunately I do. Anyway - the wait was worth when she finally went off!!
The biggest smile and giggle before composing herself and grabbing a dom for a pretty good but reasonably quick CBJ as I think she was quite horny now and ready for some pumping. Eva got into cowgirl (tight) and sighed as she impaled herself on me.
Starting slowly while I sucked and kneaded her tits, but she quickly picked up the pace which got me thinking that she was trying to finish me off quickly, but when she screwed up her face and shuddered, I realised she had been going for it again.
The fact that she had already come twice, somehow flicked a switch in my head and I was ready despite thinking of taking it slowly. Eva went onto her back on the corner of the bed and I started pumping away feverishly. 
After I came, she thoughtfully cleaned me up and showed me the ensuite if I needed it.
Returning to the room and Eva was back into full battle dress and checking her mobile and I was out of there in 50 minutes with a kiss goodbye. Eva did not seem to be a clockwatcher - I think she just thought the transaction was completed and so now, onto the next punter.
Pleasant way to pass some time. Not one of my most memorable - but certainly OK.


