Thread Title: Evi - Perth (CBD) - 0449 082 373
Floor: #1
Post Time: 25th November 2011, 09:16 AM
Poster ID: Teejay
Post Title: 
 Evi - Perth (CBD) - 0449 082 373
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name :  Evi

Establishment :  Private

Date of Visit :  November 2011

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :  Cracker - Sexy Vietnam in CBD. East Perth Apartment Hotel - discrete and easy access.

Hours of Business :   10m til late

Rates :  110 for 30/ 200 for 60

Age :  Ad says 24 - probably early 30's

Size/shape : True Photo - Ad says size 8 - probably more a Size 10. Great tits and will happily shove them in your face. Very tall for an asian girl and with heels - Amazonian.  

Nationality or Ethnicity :  Vietnamese/Thai/Indo - whatever

Services Provided :  As per ad - Friendly FS and attacks with gusto. CBJ. Massage. No DATY or natural services/kissing. Wore her lingerie and stockings as per the photo.

Value for money/recommend? :  Yes

My experience/comments : 
Took 30 minute option so time was of the essence.
On to the bed on my stomach for a light massage that focused entirely on the under carriage.
An invitation to flip soon followed, Evi shoving her tits in my mouth,groping my bits and her blowing in my ear.
Dom was on soon after and great strong/firm action and rythym with CBJ while I played with her tits.
Request for DATY was refused with a no and a smile. A repeated plea and Evi said that she does not like anyone doing it.
Soon into a tight cowgirl with a titty pacifier in my mouth and she actually has a great smile and sense of humour as I finally go to really focus on her face.
A couple of minutes of this and Evi suggests doggy. We re-positioned and she presented her lovely ass and I entered her pussy from behind with a slam to let her know I was driving the show now which she seemed to quite enjoy wih plenty of dirty talk encouragement being thrown at me over her shoulder. My request for my favourite mish variation soon had her talking dirty again while kissing her pelvis goodbye and she seemed to enjoy this type of rodgering. When I had finished - a wonderful smile and laugh and I was cleaning up while Evi was checking messages on her phone for the next punter. So it you want a straight forward, solid but pacey session with a sweet, big titted Amazonian Asian girl without the frills to put your needle on E - she is the one.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 25th November 2011, 09:39 AM
Poster ID: diamond dog
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I think Evi has a few different ads running including Bonita and Exotic gorgeous Malay.
I saw the girl advertised as the Malay. She is actually fiipino.
I was allowed 69er during the booking but she was not that special.
Not my type really, nice breasts but thick around the middle.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 27th November 2011, 01:55 PM
Poster ID: BadAussieBoy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Cope and paste of her Cracker ad:

Hello Gentlemen, 
My name is Evi and as my photos show i am beautiful and sexy. I am 24 years old, size 8 body and natural 14D bust. Dressed to tease and please in lingerie and stockings.. i hope you like  
I am a sweet asian girl offering fantastic and friendly service, conveniently located in East Perth CBD, 7 minutes walk from mall. 
i wait for your call, but NO PRIVATE NUMBERS answered. 

Greek and natural french not accepted by me.. sorry  

photos 100% genuine, so guys don't worry about turning up and seeing something different. 

My rates are $110 for 30 minutes 
or $200 for 1 hour


