Thread Title: French Abby - Perth - 0457 744 540
Floor: #1
Post Time: 29th December 2015, 01:16 PM
Poster ID: Macbeth.
Post Title: 
 French Abby - Perth - 0457 744 540
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Abby

Establishment : PWL

Date of Visit : Nov 2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0457 744 540

http://perth.locanto.com.au/ID_588643640/STUNNING-FRENCH-BRUNETTE-XXX-horny-playful-xxx-OUCALL-GFE-XXX.html

http://perth.locanto.com.au/ID_57417...h-OUTCALL.html

Hours of Business : Limited and variable, contact Abby

Rates : $250/half, $300/hour

Age : 27

Size/shape : Petite - 164cm tall, size 8, B cup 

Nationality or Ethnicity : French

Services Provided : Full service, DFK, GFE, CBJ, DATY

Value for money/recommend? : Highly recommended

My experience/comments :

This Locanto ad took my fancy recently, I have a thing for French girls 

BONJOUR!

i need extra cash; can you help me?…

im Abby, i come from france and I'm 27, 164cm, 55kg, natural Bcup… horny, sexy, playful, open minded with a bright and bubbly personality xx

i have a very sexy little body , great ass, legs up to heaven!…. a very smooth skin and start getting some sexy tan from the beautiful day we had lately! yes I'm a beach bum…
i have a clean shaven pink paradise and love to play, love to please you, love when you play with my body!

my services include: (but not limited to)
kissing
touching
oral on you and me
69
massage
sensual cuddling
sex in various position xxx
ONLY PROTECTED SEX
300/hour
200 half hour

i only do OUTCALL, i have a car and can drive anywhere around perth xx

0457744540
please call or text me so we can arrange a meeting and discuss all your fantasies….

please note that my PIC ARE REAL, i took them w my phone, no photoshop, nu bulshit, WHAT U SEE IS WHAT U GET!

can't wait to hear from you xxx

The experience:
I tried phoning Abby, without success, and followed up with a text. She replied the next day. It took a few attempts for our calendars to align – Abby only does escort work part-time, and works it around another job and normal life commitments. If you aren't a bit flexible with meeting days, or not patient, she may not be the right girl to try and book. Abby did always respond to texts, not always the same day, and communicated well. She only does outcalls around Perth.

When we met, I found that the photos in the advert were very genuine, Abby has a very petite, sexy body, with nice pert B cup boobs and a gorgeous butt to die for. She is also great company, very lively, bubbly and intelligent. She is genuinely French, with that accent that just melts any tension away. Here English is excellent, there are no problems communicating. She has shoulder length brunette hair and a very pretty face.

After a little while enjoying a drink and some conversation, we got down to "business". Abby provided a very authentic, unrushed, playful and sensual  GFE. There was lots of delicious French kissing (in the true sense lol), DATY, a nice CBJ, caressing, teasing and sex in numerous positions. Abby wasn't a clock watcher, and we went over the hour booking, which was nice, as we enjoyed ourselves and spent some time just talking to start with.

I had a really enjoyable time. Abby is the kind of part time working girl that I find ideal, one that in only doing it for a bit extra cash and enjoyment, and it doesn't feel like a business transaction. She is old enough to be mature minded and experienced in pleasure, but has a tight sexy body that could be found on a fit 18 yo girl.

I would recommend Abby for anyone who is patient, flexible, and looking for a genuine GFE from an incredibly sexy French girl. As always, treat with respect and patience and you will be rewarded well!


Floor: #2
Post Time: 29th December 2015, 01:28 PM
Poster ID: Macbeth.
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
The very genuine pics of Abby from the Locanto advert


Floor: #3
Post Time: 29th December 2015, 01:35 PM
Poster ID: chimera
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
SeekingArrangment would be a good site for you Macbeth it used to be full of these girls.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 29th December 2015, 04:28 PM
Poster ID: Macbeth.
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by chimera


SeekingArrangment would be a good site for you Macbeth it used to be full of these girls
"""



Thanks chimera, been there and done that with SA some time ago, mixed results and more time consuming than my hectic career usually allows


