Thread Title: Grace Davies - Perth - 0412 540 047
Floor: #1
Post Time: 27th March 2011, 11:10 PM
Poster ID: serenity
Post Title: 
 Grace Davies - Perth - 0412 540 047
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name:grace davies

Establishment :northbridge

Date of Visit:24/03/2011

Contact Details/Address/Weblink:http://www.escortsaustralian.com.au/girls.php?id=106 0412 540 047

Hours of Business: 9am to 6pm

Rates:450ph

Age:20

Size/shape:curvy size 12

Nationality or Ethnicity:caucasian

Services Provided:daty dfk cbj sex

Value for money/recommend?:yes

My experience/comments: (Grace is a sweet girl with amazing breasts,soft young skin,very talkative she is a bit of a plain jane look but amazing curvy body,i would recommend

Her service is special because it is un rushed she dfk,i found her special because she correctly advertises,unlike other escorts like Bad Sabrina and Katia Lavin and Couger etc etc Grace is easy going a great attitude and is very vocal in the bedroom,the only thing i will say is she looks like a size 12 but advertises as a 10,but i like bigger girls anyway.Her tits are amazing very big and natural (But her tits aren't as big as Jessxxx from sexwa.net another stunner)She gives a very long slow massage also,and told me she only likes caucasian clients,maybe thats why she gave me a good service.Grace loved it when i went down on her she said that's her favourite.

Her face wasn't the prettiest i've seen,She provided a passionate service with me but she said she is not like that with everyone,I will be posting a review soon on another busty lady i have seen on sexwa.net.I'm not telling who it is yet i hired her for 3 hours so the review will be long.Lets just say she is a gem and should be charging a lot more.As for Grace i think her service varies from person to person.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 26th April 2011, 02:06 PM
Poster ID: diamond dog
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I booked a standard half and hour with Grace.
She is heavier looking than her photos and if she put on much more weight then you would have to call her fat.
Grace does have spectacular natural boobs,nice skin and tan.
I found her service to be very average and it was almost like her attitude was you did not pay for a deluxe service so you are not going to get anything more than the basics. I did not feel any connection with Grace and I would not visit her again.
As far as a GFE is concerned I have been with many girls who are better looking and who would provide a GFE for less than what Grace charges.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 28th April 2011, 03:22 AM
Poster ID: serenity
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I know what ya mean.Her face is average.Its hard to beat sienna Perth  Jessica vixxen and stella's face.So many average girls out there that don't make the effort to do themselves up like porn stars should.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 25th June 2011, 11:20 AM
Poster ID: Solution
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"As far as a GFE is concerned I have been with many girls who are better looking and who would provide a GFE for less than what Grace charges." 

Dd can you please write some reviews on some of the many girls who are better looking, better Gfe and better value????


Floor: #5
Post Time: 25th June 2011, 11:53 AM
Poster ID: diamond dog
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by Solution


"As far as a GFE is concerned I have been with many girls who are better looking and who would provide a GFE for less than what Grace charges." 

Dd can you please write some reviews on some of the many girls who are better looking, better Gfe and better value???
"""



Solution I do not need to write reviews to prove my opinion to you.
I am offering my opinion, not trying to win a debate.

There are some great girls I have seen but I do not care to write a review about every one of them.

But I have written a review on this website about Chanel of Langtrees if you wish to have a look at it.

DD


Floor: #6
Post Time: 4th October 2011, 12:48 AM
Poster ID: gnrfan
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Grace Davies 

Establishment : Northbridge  (private)

Date of Visit: Sep 2011 

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: 0412540047, currently advertising on cracker.  

Hours of Business: 9am to 6pm  

Rates: 320ph, 190 h/hour

Age: 20  

Size/shape: Probably 12 

Nationality or Ethnicity: Caucasian  

Services Provided: cbj, cob and f/s  

Value for money/recommend?: Not entirely, not recommended if you're strictly after GFE or PSE

My experience/comments: I've wanted to see Grace for a while and she was quite pleasant to get along with, she was fairly chatty and we managed to click so that was good. I thought her breasts were fantastic.  The service was pretty vanilla, not a starfish experience, she put in effort and did her best to please. I didn't take her up on the offer of kissing which was $50, I feel that to be too much personally.

The BJ and sex were good, I didn't have it in me on the day to take advantage of her cob service (it's inclusive, not an extra)which was a bit of a shame. 

I can't recommend her if you're looking for a GFE or PSE. Surely you can find someone else offering these types of services at a lower price. I do suggest you give her a look if you've thought about seeing her before or just want to root a young busty chick. Check out her pics on cracker for an idea of how she looks, they leave little to the imagination.

I'll probably see her again some time down the track to see if her service gets any better with repeat visits but this isn't a priority for me.


Floor: #7
Post Time: 19th June 2016, 09:30 AM
Poster ID: maugoat
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Grace is touring and is currently in Wollongong. She's advertising on Cracker with a new phone number:

http://sydney.cracker.com.au/FemaleE...-only/16292886


