Thread Title: Happi - Ascot - 0478 059 632
Floor: #1
Post Time: 14th August 2018, 11:57 PM
Poster ID: Legs11
Post Title: 
 Happi - Ascot - 0478 059 632
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Happi

Establishment : Appartment

Date of Visit : 14 Aug 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Ascot

Phone : 0478 059 632‬

Hours of Business : 9 am til 11 pm

Rates : starts at $100 for HE, FS $250 for the hour

Age : mid 30s

Size/shape : Athletic/Petite

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : HE but FS on offer it asked

Value for money/recommend? : Yea

My experience/comments : saw the ad in Craigslist, https://perth.craigslist.com.au/sks/...670354046.html, and thought that I'd give the hot rocks a go, I don't believe that the photos are of her but she has was wearing the outfit when I got there, so I'll give her the benefit of the doubt. She offered FS but I declined and asked for the 'hot rocks', so offered a shower, came back into the room where there is a cupboard size (2 doors) mirror where I could watch her, she didn't get naked at this stage, she pretty much wore what was in the photo, a black nightie of sorts which was see thru.

She gave a pretty good massage, the music was shite but I was watching her. When she moved to the head area she would stand close so that I could see through her sheer skirt/lingerie thing, and every now and then she would bend right down so that her boobs were in my face.

The Hot Rocks were good, I definitely was relaxed, she didn't leave them on my body, just moved them around, was pretty good actually.

Went on the flip side and she asked me to undo her bra, and took her top of to reveal some amazing nipples (push up bra used so boobs not that big, but nice), while she's rubbing the old fella I'm rubbing her boobs and squeezing her nipples, I'm letting out some pre-cum and she thinks that I've cum...lol....I said no not yet....

Happi then moves her arse in my direction and says to undo the outfit from below, I unclip the bit that covers her pussy and there it is, she's wet and enjoying the rub, she lubes up my finger and says no to insertion, I find her clit and rub away and she goes crazy, pulling away.

She enjoys the look of my cock and I then ask her to show me her clit and she excitedly jumps around, spreads her legs and opens up to let me play.

Pre-cum still coming out and she thinks we're done, I say no and pull the pud myself so that I blow over her but she takes over again and lays next to me breathing heavy and licking my nipples.

I blow my load and she is slightly surprised as she thinks I've come twice, eh...

She gives me a bit of a head rub and then it's off to the shower.

She says to me later that she has a Thai friend in the other room that can help out with FS and double up on the massage as well, food for thought.

Anyway not a bad week, finally had some good punts.


