Thread Title: Helen - Bull Creek - 0468 650 627
Floor: #1
Post Time: 6th May 2013, 01:14 AM
Poster ID: centaurus
Post Title: 
 Helen - Bull Creek - 0468 650 627
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Helen

Establishment : private

Date of Visit : 1/5/2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Bull Creek, 0468 650 627 

Hours of Business : not sure, didn't mention, most hour I  guess

Rates : $120/30 min $180/60 min

Age : 20, (real age more like ~26-28)

Size/shape : slim but curvy

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian

Services Provided : FS

Value for money/recommend? : yes

My experience/comments : Well, I really wanted to see Amy, given some positive review on some other site, but mostly because it's claim of "real photos (no lies)". And photos did look great, plus other reviewer mentioned that he finally found real girl from photos, quite surprising given notoriously fake photos on FC site.
Anyway, I came at the place, ready with Amy's photo on my phone, to show who I've come ti see, as I've had enough of fake pics from FC, and was prepared to walk away this time if it was another 'bite and switch'.
The girl who seem was a 'secretary' opened the door, I explained that I was there to see Amy, and she showed me to the room. On the way she asked if I've seem Amy before. I said no and a moment later regretted that I've said that, suspecting another 'bite and switch'. The 'secretary' asked for the payment, and just as she was about to turn away to get the WG, I've asked her "this is Amy right?", showing her photo from the add on FC. The 'secretary' hesitated for the moment, than gave payment back to me and said "wait for a minute I'll get the girl first". That was disappointing, as I knew than that Amy was not going to be the girl coming up the corridor. Just when I was about to give up and walk out, the girl finally came and said "I am Helen, do you want to stay?".
Well it wasn't Amy as I've suspected, but Helen was HOT. In her high heels she looked taller than me (I am 181cm), tight short dress, pretty face, very sexy, sort of sultry sexy look of the girl who knew what she was doing. It wasn't the 'young clean baby' look that I've expected with Amy, but Helen was so hot I just couldn't pass it, so I've gave the fee to Helen and off we went.
What amazing figure 8 curves, I loved it, such a cute sexy bottom she was wiggling and teasing my c***. We were still standing next to the door, but luckily (or by design) there was a small mirror just in front of us, so I could see her sexy back and in the mirror her pretty face and those nice boobs. It wasn't long before we've got undressed and she was taking my little brother in her mouth, skillful putting cond. with her mouth, as she was sitting on the edge of the bad and I was still standing. It was a nice scene as she had pretty face, and I've moved her hair out of the way for a better look. 
She than stood up, turned her back to me, placed her left leg on the bed, placed her hands around the mirror on the wall in front and wiggled her sexy bum towards me. We did this standing doggy in front of the mirror; wow what a nice sight I had in front of me. 
After a while we changed, I've put her to the bed on her back to missionary pos. while I was kneeling on the edge.
She had a tattoo across her lower tummy, and I've felt sort of a scar that looked as caesarian cut, but was only on one side and too short to be ces. I guess the tattoo was there to hide the scar. I prefer girls 'clean skin' without 'ink', but the shape of Helen's body was so nice to me that I didn't mind. 
So, overall experience was good, Initially I was pissed that 'secretary' made a booking full knowing that Amy was not there (I've queried Helen and she later told me that she was the only girl working there that afternoon). Amy was not there (I am not even sure now if she exist), but Helen was a good replacement.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 12th June 2013, 09:51 PM
Poster ID: kcper
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
hey, do they have shower facility? was it a house or shop?
just making sure, this is from BC under advertiser name "stephychan", right?


Floor: #3
Post Time: 15th June 2013, 02:26 AM
Poster ID: centaurus
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Hi kcper, they do have shower, it is private house.
I couldn't find "stephychan" you are referring to at BC site, so I am not sure if that was the one.
On the BC site there are actually two ads for Amy (the one I wanted originally to see is at Camm ave, Bull Creek). Helen (and probably other girls) work there.
I didn't see Amy, but was quite happy with Helen.
Let us know if anyone manages to 'catch' real Amy from BC.


