Thread Title: Hollie - Northbridge - 0478 031 007
Floor: #1
Post Time: 7th May 2012, 12:32 AM
Poster ID: sunyun
Post Title: 
 Hollie - Northbridge - 0478 031 007
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Hollie

Establishment: Private - Prefers outcalls, but does some incalls   I contacted her through  Cracker 

STUNNING and NAUGHTY. **British Model Escort, Perth** - Central Metropolitan | Escort / adult | Erotic | Cracker

Contact Details/Address: 0478 031 007

Hours of Business: Not sure - I assume 10 am to about 10 pm ? Mon to Sunday ?

Prices: $450 per hour

Age: 25

Size/shape: claims size 8, but may be a 6 or a 7 (do they have '7' ?). Quite small breasted - 'B' ? 

Nationality or Ethnicity: Welsh

Services: full service, DFK, DATY, BJ (covered).

Value for money/recommend?: Great value for money.

My experience/comments: Trolling through Cracker, I came across Hollie. I was impressed by her photos, and as I was coming to town, had the money and a rare bit of freedom, I emailed her. 

She took a day or two to reply, and was very VERY cautious. She demanded some form of ID as she was concerned about letting any stranger know where she lived! I replied that I was looking for a discrete encounter, and anyway, I was not an axe murderer. She replied that she understood, and could I please call her so that she could at least talk to me - this was difficult as I have very limited mobile coverage, and could not go through the company switchboard !

Eventually I was able to call her, and she agreed to meet me at her place.

She has a nice place in Northbridge.

When the door opened, I discovered that her pics are very accurate. She is very slim (almost too slim as I prefer a 8 to 10, rather than a 6 to 8), but pretty and petite.

We started with a little conversation, then into the shower, where she was happy to soap me all over, and have me do the same for her. 

To bed, and she was very careful about the condom, but also very willing to please. She followed my lead and was happy to try different positions, DFK, DATY (very responsive), covered BJ, hand job. Finished with a massage  as we still had some time left.

A very good GFE, with lots of cuddling, kissing, and generally 'looking after' you.

I don't think she does anal (I didn't ask).

To sum up, she was very young, slim and pretty. I suspect that she is not very experienced in this business. She is eager to please, but does not take the lead. I would/will certainly go back as she 'got into it'.

She may have been just a good actor, but she sounded as if she really got off on the DATY, and was very responsive. I would certainly recommend her.

Cheers.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 7th May 2012, 01:15 AM
Poster ID: BadAussieBoy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Copy and paste of her Cracker ad:


Have you been looking for a professional, unrushed and tantalizingly sexy service, with the chance to lose yourself for a while in a youthful, supple body? You have come to the right place.

I am Hollie, age 25, confident, friendly and beautiful. A 100% genuine and professional escort. My Photos are real and recent. Mutual respect and discretion is a must.

I have long, soft dark curly hair, seductive brown eyes and stunning model features. You will be blown away by my tightly toned size 8 figure, with long legs, a HEAVENLY ass, petite waist and perky, sensitive breasts.

I have a devious sexual nature and skillful touch, meaning just 1 hour with me will tease, stimulate, pleasure and gratify you like never before!

Bedroom sessions with me are tailored to your needs, with good use of time and your ultimate satisfaction in mind. I love indulging your whims. I can offer role play and light domination on either you or me, exploring your fantasies, with various toys and dangerously sexy lingerie for your added enjoyment.

Well educated and well traveled, I am much more than just a pretty face. I can also offer high quality companionship, sealed with passionate kisses, to the discerning gentleman, who seeks that 'something special' for an overnight or weekend of indulgence.

Call or sms today to book an unforgettable experience... x 


OUTCALLS 
Rates include ALL the services I offer, and travel in and around central Perth, so no hidden extras to pay!

Rates 
450 1 Hour 
800 2 Hours 
1000 3 Hours 
350 Per additional hours 

Book a Romantic Unrushed Dinner Date up to 2 hours... 
+2 Hours in the bedroom 1000 
+3 Hours in the bedroom 1200 

Extended Stays: 
2,500/3,000 Overnight depending on duration 
5,000 Weekend of Bliss 

INCALLS 
Advance booking recommended. For my own safety I am selective about who I will invite to visit. First time incall clients please SMS with some general information about yourself inc. name and age if you are interested in becoming a visitor to my clean, comfortable pleasure pad in central Perth. It will be worth it I assure you...

Rates 
300 40 Mins 
400 1 Hour 
750 2 Hours 
1000 3 Hours


