Thread Title: Indiana - Rockingham
Floor: #1
Post Time: 8th August 2017, 09:34 PM
Poster ID: pj80
Post Title: 
 Indiana - Rockingham
				
Post Content: 
Say im in perth on the weekend and have arranged to see this lady. Wondering if anyone here has see her?

http://m.locanto.com.au/perth/ID_161...call-only.html


Floor: #2
Post Time: 4th November 2017, 11:32 AM
Poster ID: pj80
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Road testing this one at lunch time. Stand by for review


Floor: #3
Post Time: 4th November 2017, 10:32 PM
Poster ID: pj80
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Indiana

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 4 Nov 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : as above

Hours of Business : not sure

Rates : $220per hour + extras if wanted

Age : 23

Size/shape : bbw size 16-18+ massive cans

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie

Services Provided : everything you can think of!!!

Well i caught up with her just after lunch and i must say after trying to see her for a few months now it was worth the wait and the trip from fremantle.
As soon as i was there i was offered a drink and then into the bedroom and dues payed she went straight to work on me. A great bbbj with lots of eye contact (did let me film it as an extra) from there i was playing with her and my god she gets wet and squirts as good if not better the our good frien Jenna. (Think this her WA counterpart). She cums hard and i can tell you that you can get you whole fist in there and it feels amazing as you watch her eyes roll in the back of her head and when you finally pull out its the water works that smash you in the face if your not to careful.(another get video there)
Alternate between fingers and fist with her going to town on my cock before i enter her doggie, mish and cowgirl. Now this was really not the best as my fist had been in her for a good 10mins and unless you have a thick monster dick your not going to touch the sides but my god it wet and slippery. I then deside to take her in the arse which was tight and before too long im pounding her arse with my full lenght and while in mish had my cock in her arse and fist in her pussy.
Finished of riding her in the jockey position and going harder for the finish line then a jockey in the Melbourne cup.
Felt the build up and pulled out and unloaded on her face which she didn't even pull away from a quick face fucking to clean the remainer out and off my cock and i was into the shower a happy punter.

So for those of you able to make it to her strap yourself in and ride this single Rockingham mum.
Some of her extra are as follows which may interest some of you abd others will be turned away.
(From her txt)
I usually charge $20 extra for few pix or $50 extra for few pics and a video.  

-Greek extra $150
- natural sex extra $100
- natural sexy with cum in pussy extra $150
- lactation fetish extra $80

Will i return? If im ever back that way if only for the bbbj and fisting


