Thread Title: Ivy Piranha BJ 0416638632
Floor: #1
Post Time: 18th June 2013, 05:45 PM
Poster ID: RedOctober
Post Title: 
 Ivy Piranha BJ 0416638632
				
Post Content: 
Date 17/06/2013
Name Ivy
Nationality - Mongolian 
Address - Como
Age- 29 ad
Looks 6/10
Boobs - A-
Hrs : not sure most probably 24/7
Services - massage to fs and all between
Damage for wallet - $70 1/2 hr massage and HR
Value for money - depends

Experience 
After less than fortunate massage last week i had a burning desire for proper one combined even with bigger desire from little brother to be attended to as well. 
Why we always looking for better instead of using good one already in stock?? I choose to call Ivy based on one word in newspaper ad - Mongolian. Camels, desert, hot odalisques,  Chinghiz Khan and his harems - should I continue.
Time was set for 5 pm and place was just a short deviation from road to home. 
Dreams about hot session with dessert beauty has been interrupted by phone call. Dessert beauty call me (WTF) and plainly said she's dropping friend and will be home in 10 minutes. And it's 5 minutes to agreed meeting time.
Easy to find address, not so easy to find on street parking. Call her back just to hear " another 15 minutes" excuse. 1/2 hour in car with some blurry music and Ausxxxx reviews read in 3rd time (am I memorise them?) under suspicious glances of neighbours .  Finally 5.50 she call me in. Trying to be calm ( who has not been delayed in traffic?) I have entered a door of property on back of compound of 4. 

Ivy looks for mid 30. Flat Mongolian deep tanned ( yellow brown?) face, about 155cm, far from harem beauty. Closer to
Opposite ... 5/10 attractiveness. Skiny with haggling very small tits. Small old room with heavy used bed. Not 5 star but towels looks fresh. 
No shower or even toilet was offered on request. Tv on background. 
Straight to biz. Taken in consideration time loss I've opted for 1/2 hr massage for $70
Other options were (for 1/2 hr) - BJ $120 and fs $150.  So use your imagination to extrapolate to one hour. 
Gear off ( she was already naked when I still struggle with boots laces) and down in a bed. Few minutes of some pressure on a back called DT (not deep throat but deep tissue  and straight to ball playing. I have to admit she has much better HJ technique than massage.  Flip over and my little bro finally in caring hands and in full attention... Very good build up and I'm approaching  a finish line. Full touching including very small but very sensitive boobs were on contract and delivered without big resistance .
The good decision to try the rest of services come to my head 10 mins before deadline. She was surprised but quickly jumped for Dom. Fs means BJ included in menu so I stuck my little bro in her mouth. Better i didn't... I fill all her 32 ( or how many of them  left ) teeth on my  poor dick in spite of extremely thick Dom ( most probably leftovers from Russian supply during WWII). BJ was cut short. Fs nothing exiting, not loose but Mott tight. Miss followed by doggy and some others but little bro was scared  to death with those piranha style BJ so we come back to originally agreed HJ which was performed very well. 
No hot towels ( are you in dessert or where?) not even cold. Cheap paper napkins start to stick to ballsack and belly when she tried to clean me.
I did paid $30 extra for fs and she had offered $120 for Bbbj with cim next time. I did politely rejected offer.. 

Most funny part - I did ask who is watching tv. May be another WL so I did come to visit her next time. No, no, she's old was the answer. Well... Mature lady very often can provide better service than.... I poke my nose in lounge on the way to exit - grey haired about 70yo Aussie lady had enjoyed some bs TV show. My brows were risen but I was ushered out as quick as possible. I have seen a lot but use a bedroom  for client with landlady in lounge...
Most probably dessert rules.

Vfm - so-so for $100 fs 1/2 hr.
Time keeping - exact 30 minutes
Amenities - take Femfresh cleansing wipes with you and have a pee at the nearest gas station prior arriving. Own doms  may be good idea as well. 
Will I return? Nah... I have a tick in Mongolian block in my notebook (3rd one actually)
Have Burma in my to do list

Have fun brothers in arms!!


