Thread Title: Ivy from Hong Kong - Perth - 0405 801 940
Floor: #1
Post Time: 23rd July 2016, 12:26 AM
Poster ID: baldie
Post Title: 
 Ivy from Hong Kong - Perth - 0405 801 940
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Ivy

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : July 2016

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 

https://scarletblue.com.au/escort/ivyhongkong


Sporty Asian Girl in Perth - Perth escorts - cracker.com.au


https://www.langtrees.com/private-es...hongkong/6485/ 

Hours of Business : 6am - 12 midnight; will schedule any time depending on booking.

Rates : Massage and shower, $200 per hour.

Full Service rates -

Incall30 minutes	$ 300	Extra service:shower for two $50
1 Hour	$ 400	
2 Hours	$ 700	

Outcall
1 Hour	$ 450	
2 Hours	$ 750	Shower for two $50

Age : 30-34

Size/shape : tiny, petite size 6-8

Nationality or Ethnicity : Hong Kong Cantonese.

Services Provided : Massage and slides, shower-play and relief

Value for money/recommend? : Absolutely

My experience/comments : Wow, what can I say?! I floated out of there on cloud nine. 
Ivy does full service. But I'm not overly into FS, so I opted for her 1-hour massage. She also offers an option of her showering with you, with some very erotic foreplay and a climax, under the shower-head, as it were. So, two pops in an hour, one in the massage, one in the shower, for $200.

Was this the best session I've had? I dunno, I'm racking my brain to think of a time when I've had better. 

The girl is a real cutie, probably not EXACTLY like you would imagine from the photos, she's probably a little more pixie-ish in the face, her body is tiny.

She asked when I would like the service, in the pre-shower or post-shower? I opted for the pre, thinking I would have recovery time during the massage. It would be a wise decision.

I was pretty horny by this stage and we stripped and headed straight into the shower. An awesome, intimate experience. Lots of kissing and cuddling, lots of sexy rubbing body movements. Using hands, butt and body to great effect, I was boned up like a rock for the whole shower. The light teases and strokes resulting in an orgasm which made my my legs buckle and gave me a strong head-rush.

Ivy led me out to bed, laughing at my red face (it was a hell of an orgasm) and lay me down for my massage.

The massage itself was a beautiful sensual massage. She was in contact with me the whole time, straddling my back, or placing her boobs in face, sliding around, tickling me with her pointy nipples, all with constant teases.

On the flip was more of the (awesome) same, with some tiny-titted spanish. Plenty of intimate full-body contact. The long slow build-up leading to a second head-spinning orgasm. Two of the best orgasms I've had in any punt, and they were here in the same session.

A bit more cuddling and canoodling, no rushing me out; a shower and bit more of a chat, then I floated out of there, all frustrations gone, no lingering sexual energy, none of that. I can't remember the last time I felt so good after a session. I honestly enjoyed the rest of my day.

I must go back at some stage. Though I must admit, it'll be a little difficult not to develop feelings for her, she made me feel like a bloody king.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 22nd August 2016, 01:17 PM
Poster ID: Onedegreemore
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
I went and saw her last week.  Had a GFE that turned into a PSE.  I think most things are on when she is aroused.
Never had anyone sucked and worshipped my old fella like that before.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 7th February 2017, 09:12 AM
Poster ID: aaron484
Post Title: 
 Ivy  Private Escort - Perth - 0405 801 940
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Ivy

Establishment : Private 

Date of Visit : January 2017

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0405 801 940 Also on Private Girls  https://scarletblue.com.au/escort/ivyhongkong

Hours of Business : 9am til late

Rates : $400 per hour

Age : Early 30s

Size/shape : 6

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : GFE, unrushed

Value for money/recommend? : Yes

My experience/comments : 
I would see her more if she was cheaper but the time with her was very relaxed and enjoyable.  Lots of DFK, 69 and bj.  On several occasions, she blew me til I was nearly there and stopped.  It went on for nearly 30 minutes.  Sex was quick due to the bj earlier.  She has a very toned body, and very fit.


