Thread Title: Izzy Devines - Perth - 0478 078 022
Floor: #1
Post Time: 28th December 2015, 08:04 PM
Poster ID: Macbeth.
Post Title: 
 Izzy Devines - Perth - 0478 078 022
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Izzy Devines (has also advertised under the name Scarlett Crimson)

Establishment : PWL

Date of Visit : Nov 2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0478 078 022

http://perth.locanto.com.au/ID_62113...ng-Rabbit.html

http://perth.locanto.com.au/ID_64508...t-hearted.html

Hours of Business : Part-time, check with Izzy

Rates : PSE $400-500 per hour, GFE $300-350 per hour

Age : 25

Size/shape : Slim size 10, D-DD cup natural, redhead

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian caucasian

Services Provided : PSE, GFE, DFK, CBJ , covered full service, squirting, deep throat, vaginal fisting, dates /events, anal , face fucking/gagging, toys, outfits, heels, lingerie, role play, submissive, mistress, kinky, golden showers,  Bdsm, fetish, almost anything safe that you can think of I suspect.....

Value for money/recommend? : Hell yes!

My experience/comments : 

In recent years I’ve explored dominant kinks beyond the vanilla, and found that with the right submissive partner they can be incredibly fun. So the Locanto add below took my fancy:





Ready for ramming, R/Rated, Raunchy, Rough, Rooting Rabbit - 25
I'm Izzy. 

Thanks for cuming by.

RING 0478078022

RULES
I don't trade
Rubbers worn always
Be respectful
I'm real 25 yrs old
Aussie

Red hair really long
Size 10
Rack size DD natural
Piercings tattoos
Rougher the better (protection is non negotiable)
Private girl
Reasonable Rates
Raw Raging and always Randy
Reach my climax?
Ill Reward you with the elusive yet Rare River of squirting Release of my come... or perhaps you are after a golden one?
My fetish list is long. Nothing scares me, Im very open and give anything a go. That's if I hadn't already.
Specialities bdsm mistress submissive domme slave pet feel throat yes I be get to the base...maybe some lipstick as proof?
Couples and groups welcome
GFE:
$300/40mins
$350/1hr
(book there get fourth your free)
PSE and or BDSM fetishes
( WON'T DO.UNDER A HOUR)
$500/1hr
(Book two hrs get the third free)
Details can be discussed and packages
Over nights avail. Events, waitress etc
RING me text for details
If you after serving and pleasing I can accommodate...Want to get me please me, and me getting off gets you off, Where I'm throbbing and swimming?? ? I'm not on the nice girl list, I want to sit on your lap and ride ?
A hand full of my hair in one fist, as the other is forced ...filling my purring kitty , ,till I'm purched O so deeply high on your wrist. Begging for permission.
Ill ravage you or you relish me, my requirements of I'm in charge?
I want to leave rubbed down tougher up, deep throated rammed, red cheeked And to be that dirty secret, you relish, when it's just you, and me in your filthy memory,,
Real Aussie
Where to reach me?

RING ME ON
0478078022
outcalls only. Discreet. Respectful
See you soon

xx Izzy Devines




 The experience:

  I tried phoning without a response, so sent a brief text. After a longish text discussion with various potential arrangements being discussed, we eventually agreed on an outcall to my apartment. It ended up occurring much later in the day than I had expected, but I was flexible with time, and it turned out to be worth it J . Izzy may not be a girl to try booking if you are on a tight timeline, but that’s just my impression. With enough notice, arrangements could be smoother. I was after a same day booking. Izzy was good at keeping me updated, and she made a very genuine effort to make sure the meeting went ahead despite difficulties that were out of her control.

  Take note that Izzy is a working girl who expects to receive a face photo prior to meeting, she considers it an essential safeguard. She did provide me with a couple of full face/body pics. I’m not always comfortable providing clear face pics to unknown people, but I got a good vibe from Izzy so I did.

  When she arrived, I was happy to find the photos that she provided were very recent and genuine. She is tall, slim size 10, big boobs, beautiful long red hair and very attractive. She does have some signs on her body of parenthood, but they didn’t detract at all from her overall impression as a sexy, dirty girl. Here tattoos and piercings were discrete, and I didn’t really notice them, except for the one pierced nipple. I’m not a fan of large or numerous tatts on girls. 

  I was after a PSE, and paid $500 for an hour. This is certainly much more than I am usually willing to pay as an hourly rate, but I made the right choice, and had an awesome time.  In the end Izzy showed that she isn’t a clock watcher, we clicked well together and enjoyed ourselves for well more than an hour. I’ve seen another add since stating a rate of around $400/hr for a PSE, but I’m not complaining about what I paid, given the great experience I had!

  I’m not going to give a blow by blow account, but Izzy quickly showed that she is a true submissive, with a naughty sensual streak as well.  Izzy is one of the best fucks I’ve ever had, full stop! She is able to deep throat like a champ in the right position, with cock gagging and drooling that you would see in a hardcore porn movie, and keeps it up for more than a short while. I’m above average size, and she couldn’t deep throat all the way while kneeling at my feet, but a change in position fixed that and I was all the way to the base down her willing throat. Note that the oral is covered, but it was so good that I didn’t mind at all – normally a CBJ doesn’t  turn me on.  Izzy is a big squirter when handled correctly  , it was nowhere near my first experience with squirters, but it is one of the wettest. She also gets off on vaginal fisting, which was actually really hot, although it may not sound it. Her pussy was not the tightest after that, but was still a nice fit. She also offered up another tight hole that made up for it! We threw some light bondage in to the mix as well, I wished I had been better prepared with a proper bag of tricks…. another time. There was no issue with her being willing to submit.  I ticked off a couple of new kinks  and positions in the natural flow of the night. The time became a whirlwind of licking, sucking, biting, kissing, fucking, inserting, pulling, spanking, grinding and more....

  In summary, Izzy was an amazing experience. We got on very well together, talking openly and comfortably in between furious, kinky rounds of very hardcore adult fun. I was hesitant about the price tag, but my judgement turned out to be good, and I had an unforgettable time with a nice girl who knows how to also be a downright dirty sex star. Ms Devines is a rare combination of real GFE and PSE – there was plenty of passionate DFK and quite intimate moments thrown in amongst  the kink.

Would I return – most certainly, she was one of the best few punting experiences I’ve ever had . In fact I did return shortly afterwards. Very highly recommended, but as always, your mileage may vary. Treat with respect and be rewarded!


Floor: #2
Post Time: 29th December 2015, 09:47 AM
Poster ID: chimera
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Good review Macbeth of a nice find from worker with large range of services and good attitude it seems.

I'd be tempted to see her for vaginal fisting novelty.I assume she fists herself?


Floor: #3
Post Time: 29th December 2015, 12:16 PM
Poster ID: Macbeth.
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by chimera


I'd be tempted to see her for vaginal fisting novelty.I assume she fists herself
"""



No, I was doing the fisting, and insertion of some other items as well (not at the same time lol). It was pretty hot! Izzy did give some direction for the fisting - like "go deeper"! My hands aren't huge, she may have limits with very large hands, I don't know.  She doesn't strike me as a girl who is in to doing things to herself, prefers to have a guy or another girl doing things to her


Floor: #4
Post Time: 29th December 2015, 12:34 PM
Poster ID: chimera
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
My hands are large so thought of a girl getting fisted with them are really isn't going to happen or she is probably crazy...

Fun girl that would be entertaining to see I bet.


