Thread Title: Jade - Rockingham - 0439 842 067
Floor: #1
Post Time: 18th January 2015, 05:43 PM
Poster ID: dofusm
Post Title: 
 Jade - Rockingham - 0439 842 067
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jade

Establishment : Private escort

Date of Visit : 8/1/2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : http://rockingham.locanto.com.au/ID_...R-F-S-130.html

Hours of Business : 10am till late

Rates : $130 an hour

Age : 58

Size/shape : DD cup, slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Maori Kiwi

Services Provided : BBBJ, FS

Value for money/recommend? : No

I was in Rockingham week ago for work, got off early and was feeling  horny, was short of cash and against my better judgement got onto  locanto looking for a punt. Saw the mentioned ad, having been with a few  older ladies and the experiences was good if not great, I decided to go  for it. Sms the number and got a reply pretty quick within 10 minutes.  arranged for a 30 minutes evening meeting. Was told I'll only get a  street address initially and once I am close and she sees me, sms her  back to get the house number. A bit of cloak and danger but I guess for  safety reasons or whatever.

 Anyways, I get to her place near an open area, smsed her to get house  number, got to the house and was greeted by a friendly lady of Maori  descent had the grandmother vibe, a darker skin tone than in the ad and  was about size 14 at least. Chatted and was offered a cold glass of  water and was led to a bedroom and got the financials out of the way. I  skipped the shower and she said it was alright if I shower earlier (I  did) and onto the main event, I got undressed and was playing with  myself on the bed.

 Well, she returned and got undressed too and that when I saw that one  of her breast had scarring and her nipple was irregular due to the fact  she had a bout with breast cancer, it was not lopsided but had a sunken  in look and the nipple was kinda folded inward, like if you stapled 2  thick of cloth together (bad description I know). I was playing it cool  after she explained her breast to me but honestly it bothered me and  junior was starting to lose it but too late to back out now and I kept  focused.

 So started with a BBBJ, just standard up and down motions little ball  or licking action for at least 5 minutes, just up and down junior for  the most part, was kinda disappointing so I told to her go doggy, she  then asked if I wanted to go down on her but I declined seeing that she  was not  completely shaved had a few hairs sticking out, not a big fan  of untidy pubes and so onto doggy and we fucked about say another 5  minutes, once again not much enthusiasm from her. After that, I told her  to go cowgirl and try not to focus on her breast and after a couple  minutes junior started to go limp, I guess the scarred breast bothered  me more than it should, my mistake shouldn't have ask for cowgirl.  Anyways still had 10 minutes to go, decided to end it and shower,  dressed wished her well and went on my way.

 Overall, she had a warm friendly personality but sex was average  without much enthusiasm on her part, age could be factor and I guess  personally the sight of her scarred breast bothered me, maybe because I  used to two regular shaped breasts on a woman, so anyone looking to see  her be warned, the goods are damaged.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 18th January 2015, 05:55 PM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
The Locanto ad,





			
				Kiwi BBW, 58, BALDIVIS. 80 for 30 mins F/S,1HR F/S 130 - 58

Friendly attractive easy going Kiwi BBW, DD titties, size 16, mature 58, loves to pleasure you, offering NATURAL oral only including deepthroat $60 until you cum or 15 minutes is up.

Other services in a 30 minute booking for $80 include the same natural oral including deepthroat,massage if you wish,oral on me if you wish,sex(with a condom)any and all positions.
You can cum as many times as you think you can in the 30 minute and 1 HR booking.
45 minutes full service is $110
1 HR full service is $130

I DO NOT do anal sex or anal activities and there is no fingering.
AND I WILL NOT STAND FOR ABUSIVE DIRTY TALK. IF THAT'S YOUR THING FIND SOMEONE WITH NO SELF RESPECT. I know what I am but I am still a woman and I am still a lady.

I am not offering kink or BDSM. What I am offering is a very discrete service of quality normal sexual activities.

I work from my comfortable home in a discrete location in BALDIVIS. YOU visit ME. I am taking bookings from 9 a.m until 10 pm.

If you have been drinking or taking drugs don't waste your time, you will be turned away.
Also dont try to have my services with drugs as payment; I have never used and hate drugs!

TEXT OR PHONE CALLS ONLY.No hidden or blocked numbers please.
JUST TO CLARIFY, I IGNORE BLOCKED NUMBERS. THEY GO STRAIGHT TO MY BLOCKED NUMBERS FILES; PHONE DOESN'T EVEN RING, SO STOP WASTING YOUR TIME.

I am discrete and understand you wish to be also. It suits both parties.
I am a non smoker and drug and disease free.

Please don't ask for x-rated or face pics, as those requests will be ignored.

I WILL NO LONGER SEE INDIAN OR AFRICAN MEN,SORRY...NO EXCEPTIONS.
I am not racist; I am part maori myself. However I have had enough trouble and disrespectful behaviour from some Indians and Africans so I am simply not prepared to take the risk of more of that.

I hope to hear from you soon. Oh yes and unlike alot of these ads I am real and am just offering a genuine service for the gentleman that actually wants to be with a woman that loves to pleasure men and loves sex!

Please turn up showered and clean. If due to your work you can not,you are welcome to shower here before, and afer if you wish.
Phone or text 0439 - 842 - 067....LET ME PUT A SMILE ON YOUR FACE! Thank you


Floor: #3
Post Time: 19th January 2015, 08:59 AM
Poster ID: caybee
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Farti. I think this review should be in the WA. section.. Rockingham is outside of Perth. Possibly confused with Rockhampton QLD.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 19th January 2015, 09:18 AM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by caybee


Farti. I think this review should be in the WA. section ..
"""



Thank you caybee.

Done.


