Thread Title: Jasmine - Innaloo - 0450 848 645
Floor: #1
Post Time: 1st March 2011, 04:57 PM
Poster ID: Specialist74
Post Title: 
 Jasmine - Innaloo - 0450 848 645
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Jasmine

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit: 20/2/2011

Contact Details/Address/Weblink:http://www.beautifulcompanions.com.a...inclusive.html

Hours of Business: Not Sure

Rates: $100 30Min

Age:30-35

Size/shape: Size 8

Nationality or Ethnicity: Chinese

Services Provided: Full Service

Value for money/recommend?: Yes

My experience/comments: 

I saw Jasmine on a Sunday a couple of weeks ago.. I found her ad on BC and called her up and she was available. She works from a private house right near The Saint in Innaloo. Jasmine told me her age was 20 but she is definately a lot older. I did not find her very attractive but I was just after a nice massage and BJ so I decided to proceed. I had a shower and met her back in the room. She started with a nice firm massage with oil which lasted for about 10 minutes. One very annoying thing was she continued to answer her phone during the booking... Anyway she asked me to turnover and started with kissing/licking my nipples while slowly working her way down my now very attentive member. She then commenced quite a vigourous BBBJ which for me had a little to much teeth. After about 5 minutes of this she reached for the condom but I told her I just wanted the BJ not full service. She then kept at until she got me over the line. Overall not the worst by far but I probably will not return as I do prefer asian working ladies under 25.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 13th June 2011, 05:39 PM
Poster ID: jigy
Post Title: 
 Jasmine - Rivervale WA - 0450 848 645
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name:  Jasmine

Establishment :  Private (Rivervale WA)

Date of Visit:  3rd June 2011

Contact Details/Address/Weblink:  0450  848 645

Hours of Business: Not consistent, have to ring and check

Rates:  $150 per hour

Age:  late 20's/early 30's

Size/shape:  Size 8-10, short (4'11 or 5'), nice natural boobs, suckable erect nipples

Nationality or Ethnicity:  Hong Kong

Services Provided:  Full service, BBBJ/CIM

Value for money/recommend?:  Yes

My experience/comments: Ok since this is my first review I'll try  to be as concise as possible in my review. 
Jasmine is my regular girl. She is always very consistent with her service unlike some w/l who may be sub-par if caught on a bad day. So if you are good to her she will lavish you with her lascivious attention. Her English skills are rudimentary but you can always get your basic points across about what you want and like. 
She gives a very good GFE and the service is always un-rushed. Some times I've gone slightly over and she's never "pushed" me out the door. It may just be luck that there hasn't been an adjacent booking but I kinda like not being rushed to get out or risk the uncomfortable crossing of paths with the next punter lol
Her specialty - the BBBJ - is warm and loving. She lavishes your cock with all manner of  slutty pleasures including deep throating and ball licking. I typically take the cock-worship service over sex, as she does it so beautifully. Even the 2nd round when it takes me a little longer to cum she continues with the long languishing blowjob which invariably leads to the same conclusion as I cannot sustain for too long with a warm mouth and tongue around my cock.
In between rounds she gives a decent massage, although not the best I've ever had but I don't really go to her for that.

Admittedly there are some annoying things that are unfortunately part of the encounter with Jasmine. She has always taken a call or two while giving the massage. Now I've never complained about this in the past because it has been while I'm getting the massage so I don't care too much (although it's still a bit of distraction).
Also the last few times I've seen her she's had her friend (the homeowner) and the friend's elderly father downstairs! 
Her friend was doing her a favour and letting her utilise the apartment for her work. Apparently it's not a typical situation that occurs since the friend is normally out when Jasmine takes a client but nonetheless it was a bit uncomfortable, especially if you happen to walk past the elderly bloke lol

All in all though, she is good value for money. She is far from a stunner but she's not bad at all. The weird thing is her looks do grow on you the more you see her. Her nice demeanour and the excellent loving service just make a revisit a no-brainer for me most times when I want some of that frenchie skills on my cock!


