Thread Title: Jasmin - via locanto - High Wycombe
Floor: #1
Post Time: 13th September 2018, 09:34 AM
Poster ID: pj80
Post Title: 
 Jasmin - via locanto - High Wycombe
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : jasmin/alison

Establishment : Private house

Date of Visit : 12/9/2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : https://m.locanto.com.au/perth/ID_11...night-xxx.html

Phone :.

Hours of Business : after 10am

Rates : 150/hour

Age : 41

Size/shape : size 14/6

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : full service,anal,many extras

Value for money/recommend? : pertty good so yes

I gave this one a msg via locanto and received a very quick response. Time was aranged and i headed over to her placd which is very easy to find and very private. 
She opens door and is well not ugly and not overly attractive and is very much a bbw, but very friendly. Has had a few kids and tells me she only does this when her husband is at work so don't know if he knows what she does, dont care either.
Lead to the master bedroom which is huge and amazing, get ready to go and i must say she is another talker and you need to take the lead with her.
Start with her giving a bbbj which starts slow and then as you encourage her gets deeper harder and faster which when she is in her groove is amazing. I moved down on her after 10mins of so and she is wet as wet can be a few fingers in snd you can tell she has had a few kids. Before too long my fist has disappeared up her and god that felt good and she looked awesome as her eyes rolled in the back of her head. 2 mins of my fist inside her and she couldn't take it anymore and forced me out with a massive squirt that lasted for a good 4-5 seconds. I didn't really give her time to recover from this before i got her on her knees at end of bed and face fucked her tl the point of almost no return before flipping her into doggie, covering up (had to ask for condom). Noting my fist hsd been there about 5mins ago and my cock is not that big the sex was really sloppy so i moved to her arse which was tight as and it wasn't long before my load filled the bag.
Showered chatted and left. Might return but have another 4 on my perth bucket list to try first.
Also should be noted this one starts at 150/hr and offers lots of extras, anal is one(got for free, just get her excited), Also BBFS is on offer here, if you read the comments on her locanto profile out of the 55 at least 10 of them would imply they hsve done her bare. And she did tell me she charges $50/100 extra for this. Not for me but if your that way inclined its there.
Should also be noted that she was at one point trying to get a gangbang happening and if she does i would most likely attend.


