Thread Title: Jessica - Koondoola - 0424 946 232
Floor: #1
Post Time: 28th June 2013, 10:29 AM
Poster ID: ggg4m3
Post Title: 
 Jessica - Koondoola - 0424 946 232
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Jessica (or Ada) 

Establishment : Koondoola 

Date of Visit : June 24 2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Beautiful Companions 
0424 946 232 
Received address from 0412 035 943

Hours of Business : At least 4pm onwards 

Rates : $100/30, $160/60

Age : Late 20s - young 30s. 

Size/shape : Size 5 / Slim, petite (~5 ft 0), slightly saggy B-cup

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : CBJ, FS, light kissing

Value for money/recommend? : Yes, good value. 

My experience/comments : I had messaged for Ada (who I can't find the ad for anymore) earlier on 0450 984 328, and received the address from another number to meet Ada. Received from the same number the same address to meet Jessica after calling Jessica's number. The neighbourhood appeared a bit dodgy (what can I expect really though), and was a bit reluctant to park in the driveway. Jessica greeted me in a nice greenish short dress, heels and some kind of skin leggings. She has short bob of black hair which I found kind of cute. Outside the house looks a bit run down, inside is not too bad. Her room was just a bed and a chair, the bed being kind of low (around shin height). She happily asked me for money (not asking how much) and I handed her $100, which she left with. 

Although I spotted towels, she didn't offer a shower, just started helping me undress and undressed herself. She got me to lay down and then got out a condom and applied it with some sucking. She gave me a great CBJ while I lay down, lots of eye contact and quite vigirous. She stopped for a bit to wipe away some excess saliva which I thought marked the end of the enjoyable CBJ but she actually went back to sucking. Just the sucking alone was great. I'd be tempted to go back just for another CBJ session. I was a bit disappointed that natural french was not on offer, but I still had fun. 

For the main course, she asked me to mount her missionary. With a little lube we started slow and worked the pace up. A bit of a starfish, but I guess I can't expect much from a petite girl below. We went for quite a while before I asked her to switch positions. What was nice was that she squatted down on me rather than mounting me, so she could thrust me a lot better. It wasn't too long before I finished and she cleaned me up a little. 

Not much post service was offered. She went for a shower and came back wrapped in a towel, and rubbed me a little while I lay on the bed still. And that was it. 

Overall, cheap and no frills, you get pretty much what you expect. Great CBJ, FS was ok to start with, cowgirl (if that's what it's called) was good. I suspect that at least one other working girl is here.


