Thread Title: Jessica - Perth Escort - 0405 299 030
Floor: #1
Post Time: 8th April 2017, 10:44 PM
Poster ID: Gmartster
Post Title: 
 Jessica - Perth Escort - 0405 299 030
				
Post Content: 
Name: Jessica
Date of Visit: 3rd April 2017
Contact Number: 0405299030 (you get an agency even if showing as private so different mobile numbers follow in return)
Nationality: Japanese
Services provided: LFK, BBBJ and FS
Description: Late 20s (guess), A Cup tits (Cracker ad said Cs), slim, trimmed pussy and stand 5'1" tall out of her shoes
Pricing: $180 1 hr visiting her/$250 visiting me

Experience: Travelling a while and felt horny and the need for company so ventured into the 'false world of Asian escorts on Cracker. Not sure what would turn up! however pleasantly surprised when she did (met in the foyer of the hotel) 

Up to the room and parted with the cash. Both stripped - she to some nice lacy underwear consisting of a matching bra and tiny thong. I then moved behind her and removed the padded bra and slipped her thong down to the floor kissing her bottom.

Kissed (no DFK) and then moved to lightly suck on her nipples.

She then gave me a standing catbath and then I sat for a nice (not deep) BBBJ

Rolled on to the bed where Jessica mounted me cowgirl. Nice tight fit and bounced gently as we established a rhythm. Rolled over (staying connected) into missionary - more LFK as we fucked slowly. Suggested and moved to cowgirl which was rather enjoyable and then moved back to missionary (my favourite) and I cam deep inside her as we kissed.

Lay down and chatted for a while and then I started gently rubbing her clit. She got quite wet and then I urged her to play herself as I rubbed up another hardon. She said she had never done this in front of a man before but got right into it and came hard. I then remounted her and after a short fuck came again.

We shared a shower together, she dressed, we cuddled and kissed one final time and she left into the night

All round a very pleasant and enjoyed experience.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 9th April 2017, 06:28 AM
Poster ID: nextlif
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Please submit your reviews on the AXR template.
[COLOR="#FFFFFF"].[/COLOR]
Attachment 7112


