Thread Title: Jess - Kingsley - 0470 431 583
Floor: #1
Post Time: 24th October 2013, 11:28 AM
Poster ID: kieronlines
Post Title: 
 Jess - Kingsley - 0470 431 583
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name:Jess

Establishment: private Kinglsey

Date of Visit:23/10/2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: West Australian  mobile 0470 431 583

Hours of Business: 11am -late

Rates:$120 1/2 hr $180 hr

Age:said 23 but not sure maybe 25/26

Size/shape:c cup slim about 6

Nationality or Ethnicity: Singapore

Services Provided: BBBJ (extra) FS GFE

Value for money/recommend?: recomend for BBBJ not for sex

My experience/comments:

Well my first experience in Perth and my first review hope its OK.

After extensive research on the net and in the paper I decided to give someone a punt yesterday it was a choice between 2 and I probably should have gone with the other but i was running late so chose the closest to me.

As I pulled up outside I saw somebody else going in OK doesn't bother me made me think 2 or more working from this house. I rang the door bell and was greeted by a girl in a nice short yellow dress. It made smile when she took my had hand a put it between her legs and said "im all wet for you darling" she showed me into the living room and offered me a drink. I was asked if i could wait 20 mins, I was in so I said yes should have turned around then lesson learnt. 20 mins later (she was true to her word) after I had listened to the sounds of a woman being screwed she came back in. Damm only one girl her and I just heard her getting done this should be fun.......... she asked how long I wanted I went for the 1/2 hour as a taster shes local to me so I may come back.....

We went out back to her room she offered me a shower i guess so she could freshen up following her previous session. I offered a joint shower she declined. When I came out she dried me off and let me remove the Yellow dress and her thong all the time stroking my now hardening cock she kept complementing my cock which I like, makes me feel special even though I know she says it to all the boys but its the little things (no PUN). 

So onto the bed and she starts with some cuddling and rubbing of her tits on my body and cock she asked why I shaved I said if you have the decency to shave then why shouldn't I no body like hair between the teeth. I bit more body rubbing with some kissing and out came the rubber OK I though I can go with this. she sucked my balls and massaged them with her tounge progressing up to my rock hard length. my toes were curling at this point it felt so good.... Once she wrapped her lips around I was in heaven after 5 mins or so I thought fuck it I asked if she did BBBJ she said cause im so clean $50 bit steep so hard bartering got it down to $20. 

Off came the rubber and away we went again it was all I could do not to blow deep throating tounge swirling I felt 16 again..... She asked how I would like her so I said on top, if im paying your doing the work is my thoughts. bad move she cant do cowgirl I still did most of the work so I fliped her over as started banging her from behind. as she is moaning into the pillow she reaches underneath and starts using my nuts like chinese stress balls gently rolling them in her hand thats it couldnt take any more and I blow. had a bit of a chat she explained she doesnt like on top preferes missionary or doggy cause she can use her muscles more...... shower offered walked to door and kissed with my hand between her legs you come back again she says.... not sure I will. 

I will have another review tomorrow I'm trying a local blow and go specialist I have been trying to get to all week only $50 so worth a punt I recon her pics look good.


