Thread Title: Joy - Midland - 0410 618 004
Floor: #1
Post Time: 21st June 2013, 02:17 PM
Poster ID: Solution
Post Title: 
 Joy - Midland - 0410 618 004
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Joy

Establishment : Private - Outcall - sometimes incall

Date of Visit : June 2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0410 618 004
WA - PERTH Escort Joy Midland - Langtrees Escort Directory

Hours of Business : During the day and early evenings

Rates : 200 p/h + Extra for travel if outcall

Age : Says 27 - could be correct... I thought maybe a bit older

Size/shape : Tiny Girl - 4"11 , very slim - large natrual boobs in comparison to the rest of her.. very firm and perky.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Filipina

Services Provided : FS

Value for money/recommend? : Yeah not bad was an experience

My experience/comments :

So I caught up with Joy the Asian Wife this month. She's cute - pretty tiny girl probably the tiniest girl I've ever fucked. She is quiet and submissive and it's a no holes barred service. Blow job was ok - she just sucked on the end of my knob and no deep throat....  and the sex was fun but perhaps it was the novelty of fucking such a tiny girl. 

She's not that enthusiastic about riding dick cowgirl style and prefers missionary position. She doesn't mind doggy if you don't go too hard 'cause she's only tiny down there. One thing that surprised me is that she will agree to anal despite obviously not enjoying it.... I was balls deep in her tiny well lubricated asshole she took it like a trooper. 

The dollar obviously being important to her since I wasn't quite sure if she genuinely liked having dick up her tiny asshole --- I think I could hear her muffled whimpers as I plundered the depths of her tiny poop shoot.... I didn't last long which was probably a good thing for her.

Overall not a bad punt. She is cute - wouldn't recommend her for the anal experience but would if you want a really petite girl experience since she is the tiniest thing I have ever had on the end of my dick. 

Post coital chit chat was ok -- she's pretty shy and takes a while to warm up. I would suggest she gets better with repeat visits.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 25th November 2013, 12:27 AM
Poster ID: thamunkii
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Joy should be back in two or three weeks if anyone wants to see her.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 19th January 2014, 10:34 PM
Poster ID: thamunkii
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Joy is now back in Perth


