Thread Title: Juicy Lucy - Perth Tour - 0426 975 733
Floor: #1
Post Time: 6th February 2015, 06:31 PM
Poster ID: Solution
Post Title: 
 Juicy Lucy - Perth Tour - 0426 975 733
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lucy

Establishment : Incall/Outcall Hotels

Date of Visit : January 2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0426 975 733
Juicy Lucy Private Sydney Escort

Hours of Business : negotiable

Rates : $450 / hour including greek

Age : She's coy about revealing her true age - older than stated closer to 30 than 20 I would say.

Size/shape : enhanced curvy physique, firm all over and absolutely delicious. Bubbly blonde and gorgeous and totally down right dirty.. what more could you want?!

Nationality or Ethnicity : British

Services Provided : Everything......... 

Value for money/recommend? : 10/10 Totally an awesome girl! Absolutely one of the best punts.

My experience/comments : 

I will definitely see Lucy again when she tours. We caught up one lovely evening where after the formalities and friendly ice breaker chat we got right down to it. She started undressing me and before long i was butt naked whilst she was fully clothed on her knees inspecting my hard cock with her tonsils. After her tonsils approved of my worthiness she disrobed and jumped on the bed with her legs spread for me to return the oral favour. 

I devoured her moist delicious pinkness and flicked my tongue over her engorged clit whilst she muzzled me between her legs squeezing my head occasionally in ecstasy. Before long she was demanding to sit on my cock so on she went reverse cowgirl for a while.... Her asshole looked so inviting and recalling the inclusion anal I started to finger fuck her date... After a little while she felt this was the cue to stand over the edge of the bed and guide my hard dick in her rear entry. What followed was totally awesome ... I hammered her gorgeous ass deep and hard and fuck she was tight. I was so turned on that after I blew we immediately changed the rubber and moved to continuing to fuck her pussy with no recovery time. So then it continued, more sucking, more fucking, back to sucking... back to fucking... and finally finishing up with a load over her gorgeous tits.

Some good conversation followed between DFK and snuggles... And then the booking was over.


