Thread Title: Katia Lavin - Perth - 0424 385 188
Floor: #1
Post Time: 10th March 2011, 02:46 PM
Poster ID: mitchx
Post Title: 
 Katia Lavin - Perth - 0424 385 188
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Katia Lavin

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit: August 2010

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: http://www.privatekatia.com/

Hours of Business: ??

Rates: 30 mins $300 60 Mins $500

Age: Mid 20

Size/shape: Size 10

Nationality or Ethnicity: Australian

Services Provided: GFE

Value for money/recommend?: Highly Recommend

My experience/comments: 

Katia greeted me at the door with a lovely black dress that really showed off them awesome breasts. She is as described in her profile and in my option is better looking than a her photo's.I had a shower and freshen up and then preceded to the bedroom. The bathroom and apartment are very nice. The ambiance in the bedroom was great, a candle and some soft alternative music that I really liked. Katia had removed her dress and looked stunning in her high heels, stockings and bra. We started with her giving me a body-slide and from that moment on I new this was gonna be a great experience. Next was some titty fucking and that was just great, I nearly lost my load as it was so good. A covered head job came next and was again very good and then after a while she got up next to me and removed her panties and I watched at she fingered herself. Cowgirl next and man that was the best cowgirl I have every had and Katia must have thought so as well coz she started to cum as I pumped her hard. We then switched it up to doggie style for me to finish and as we changed positions she grabbed my cock and gave me another headjob. I ended up cuming in doggie style.

afterwards she gave me a great back massage which left me very relaxed and ready to take on the rest of the day. 

I am going to make a big call and say she is the best I have ever had as it felt like and overall experience and not just sex. I will be going back to Katia with out a doubt.

Highly recommend this lady, all class from the booking till I left the apartment.

-Mitch


Floor: #2
Post Time: 3rd May 2011, 07:00 AM
Poster ID: serenity
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
There is not so very great reviews on Punter planet of this girl.


