Thread Title: Kerry - Maylands - 0411 674 977
Floor: #1
Post Time: 22nd August 2018, 06:50 AM
Poster ID: pj80
Post Title: 
 Kerry - Maylands - 0411 674 977
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : kerry

Establishment : Private house

Date of Visit : 18/8/2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :.https://m.locanto.com.au/perth/ID_26...ture-lady.html

Phone : 

Hours of Business : after 9am

Rates : 170/hour

Age : 56

Size/shape : size 12

Nationality or Ethnicity : Australian

Services Provided : full service

Value for money/recommend? : no avoid

This one was on my list after my visit with the american snd she was very essy to get hold of and book even moved my timing forward very easily and after seeing her i know why.

I get to her front door and greeted by a mature lady in white lace and im thinking this going to be great a gilf i can have some grest fun with. But once inside and in room she did nothing but talk and i mean talk, constantly asking if room was ok did i like her clothes and then went on about asian providers. Getting bored i sucked her titts thinking ghis will let her know im her to do a deed not chat but no. Fingers in her abd still shd talked. I went down on her and still shd kept going. Getting a little frustrated i went with the old stick it in her mouth approach, and fuck me she could still talk! 
after a few minutes of what can only be described as a stop go blowie with her constant talk of is it ok? Im really good aren't i? I just had to say NO. She then suggested we get down and to the real job at hand anx said i was in for a treat as she juml on top cowgirl, it was good for about 10secs until she went looking for praise. Im now done so i get her into doggie which she tells me not to try and put it in her bum, so should have, and i pound away as hard as i can with my eyes closed singing gospel songs in my head to drowned out her talking.
Load away and its been only 25mins of hell into a hour booking. About to leave she asks if i would like s massage, nothing else to do i think to myself cant be worse than what i just did so i say yes. Lead to another room and onto thd table which i have to say was the best part of the whold experience.
Massage was very average and she spoke in depth about everything before rolling me over anx giving me a happy ending which was just her slowly pulling my cock softly so 10mins of her with my now cery soft covk in her hand and her talking about cornflour treatment? WTF! I called it quits. Wss offered a shower but declined as i had had enough of her voice.
All in all i ghink this ond lonely gilf that is doing this to mskd some money but mainly to have chat. Don't think shd has been doing it all that long either as she is rather clumsy about it all and if you dont take charge you will be there getting your eye chewed about anything and everything. 

Will not return


