Thread Title: Kirsty - Baldavis - 0417 666 545
Floor: #1
Post Time: 30th June 2010, 11:34 PM
Poster ID: toung2004
Post Title: 
 Kirsty - Baldavis - 0417 666 545
				
Post Content: 
Name Kirsty Williams

Contact Details/Address: http://kirstyw1.com Ph 0417666545 From home in Baldavis - about 40 minutes south of Perth

Hours of Business: Will arrange time to suit client

Prices: Incalls 1 hour = $150 per hour

Age: mid 40's

Size/shape: plump but not obese

Nationality or Ethnicity: Caucasian

Services: Kirsty advertises on he website as being up for just about anything.

Value for money/recommend?: Yes

My experience/comments: I found Kirsty via Cracker and after reading the services and reviews decided to give her a call to book a visit as I fancied doing some extend mutual ass play - and after discussing requirements by e-mail went down to Kirsty's place - which is on a rurual property not far from the Kwinana Freeway. 

Kirsty met me at the door - went into her room and strait down to business. Started off with some kissing and cuddling - I thought she could have been a bit more enthusiastic on this front, and then she gave me a nice massage moving down to and concentrating on my arse with some nice fingering action. Then it was her turn to have a massage along with some pussy fingering and arse play. Then down to what was going to make Kirsty a special visit - mutual rimming, with her lying on her front I eased her hips up so she had her arse in the air and leg spread and started to give her pussy as goodlicking and gradually moved up to tounf out her arse crack and rimmed her nicely shaven arsehole, this when on for quite some time until she decided to reciprocate. So it was my turn wirh my arse in the air she started by sucking my cock before moving to give my arse a really good licking out, I must say she went about it with enthusiasm. After a while we decided to have a rest before we started again - this time with her lying on her back with her hear over the side of the bed for me to give her a face fuck along with me pushing her face back into my arse for another lick, finally finished off with be coming a load into her mouth - and her swallowing. Has a quick relax and chat before I cleaned up and went on my way. 

Had a good time playing out one of my fantasy's and would recommend Kirsy if you want ot do something a bit out of the ordinary


Floor: #2
Post Time: 21st November 2010, 07:26 PM
Poster ID: thecanon
Post Title: 
 Kristy of Baldivis
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name:Kristy

Establishment (if applicable): Private

Contact Details/Address:kirstyw6@gmail.com

Hours of Business: (if known or applicable) all the time!!

Prices:$150/hr

Age: 40's

Size/shape: Feminine!!

Nationality or Ethnicity: Pom

Services: Almost anything. 

Value for money/recommend?: If she delivered she would be great - but.......

My experience/comments: (Here you must have at least 1 full sentence - "Ill be back" or "good value" is not a sentence or review. 20 word minimum please) Kristy is a nice person and I had spoken to her and decided to book her for two hours at her place. I particularly wanted a massage, to rim her and to get a golden shower. All of these she promised she would deliver. I was disappoointed that we sat for the first 30 mins chatting over a cup of tea and that she was unable to produce the goods for the highlight for me which was the shower. However, I have also had some good reports so not sure of it was me or her. I would not go back now as she offers bareback.


Floor: #3
Post Time: 21st November 2010, 07:51 PM
Poster ID: FriarFuck
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Dude... she's always offered bareback. Said she never does covered... I declined to do the deed once i found that out.
I'd also suggest 50's. And yes, likes a chat, nice person... but YUK YUK YUK


