Thread Title: Klara Bronx - Perth - 0476 273 119
Floor: #1
Post Time: 11th March 2015, 02:24 AM
Poster ID: Solution
Post Title: 
 Klara Bronx - Perth - 0476 273 119
				
Post Content: 
Name : Klara Bronx

Establishment : private hotel

Date of Visit : March 2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Klara Bronx Private Perth Escort 0476 273 119

Hours of Business : flexible

Rates : $500 per hour 

Age : 23

Size/shape : 10

Nationality or Ethnicity : Czech

Services Provided : BBBJ, FS

Value for money/recommend? : Nope

My experience/comments : 

Klara is beautiful but that is where it stops. I found Klara to be a complete phoney attitudinally. 

I didn't click with her at all. She had a very serious depressing demeanour with a disingenuous approach to the service. She is only after the $$ and at $500 an hour she completely sucks. She is playing in the wrong league... The clock started the moment I texted for the room number .... 

The experience: Klara answered the door. She looked great in her lingerie but the fun of exploring her and undressing her was completely destroyed as she happened to need a shower after I turned up. I was left standing in her fucking room twiddling my thumbs waiting for her.... 20 minutes into the booking she returns with a towel , disrobes and sits on the bed with her legs and arms crossed. The body language was a tell tale sign that I really wasn't welcome but my cash, I had already parted with, was. 

I crawl onto the bed and lean in for a kiss ... Yeah dfk was there but it was empty ... No enthusiasm whatsoever .... At this point I really was struggling to gain the inspiration to perform.... I decided after playing with her enhanced scarred breasts that I would DATY a while and this seemed ok but she tasted like lubricant and and her moans were fake. Her ass at this point was in exactly the same place on the bed and she was being a complete starfish..... 

I returned to her mouth for a kiss hoping to ignite some passion or reciprocated interest to take the experience to the level I would expect at $500.p/h. Alas no dice ... 

Klara reached for a Dom and performed bbbj on my flacid cock for only a moment - enough to get a sustained semi erection - before applying the rubber.

Reluctantly she climbed on top with an exhalation... I could see the thought bubble appear above her head (" I really couldn't be fucked and I am tired ") .... And yes there were genuine signs that Klara was fatigued but perhaps she really didn't give a fuck.. 

Klara rode me and it was certainly a sight to be remembered but the experience was so clinical and boring I was hoping she would quickly get to faking her orgasm so I could try another position. Sure enough the fake O arrived and she got on all fours which meant I was able to settle in from behind and set the pace ... Entering her from behind was like sliding my cock into an empty abyss ... She was over lubricated  and as loose as a goose... I made attempts of changing pace angles and variation whilst searching for the perfect balance of pleasure and rhythm but could not find it.... Eventually I knuckled down and decided hard and fast was the way to finish this.... I had hoped that perhaps things would get better in subsequent rounds ...  But no... Klara immediately retired to the bathroom a second time for a shower... I waited, and waited.... Klara returned sat on the bed and played with her breasts in front of me in self fascination.... Marvelling at her own glory we discussed her satisfaction with her plastic surgeon and her new fun bags .... Before long I was told I had 2 minutes to go ...

According to the clock I had been there 43 minutes, with half that time waiting for Klara to shower and marvel at her own tits, but didn't see the sense in protesting the time with such a selfish disinterested waste of space. By then she had her phone in her hand messaging what was probably the next victim in front of me... 

The experience  as no better than a lousy one at an Asian fuck stop. The only difference was that the bait was real in the flesh but the service was not. Appearances good but the bait is the service and the switch is lack thereof...

I would not return.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 11th March 2015, 02:28 AM
Poster ID: Solution
Post Title: 
 Klara Bronx - 0476 273 119
				
Post Content: 
I don't know why the template posts on mobile adds additional spacing???


Floor: #3
Post Time: 11th March 2015, 06:47 AM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by Solution


I don't know why the template posts on mobile adds additional spacing??
"""



Looks great to me Solution (you should see some of fucked-up posts that 'apppear'. Out goes the call, "Let someone else fix it").

Thanks for your post and sharing, in helpful detail, a disappointing and frustrating experience.

Good review.


