Thread Title: Lee - Rivervale - 0406 472 922
Floor: #1
Post Time: 30th April 2011, 04:21 PM
Poster ID: yeluyelu
Post Title: 
 Lee - Rivervale - 0406 472 922
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Lee

Establishment : Private in Perth CBD

Date of Visit:20/4/11

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: 0406 472 922

Hours of Business: anytime

Rates:150 ph

Age:she say 30 but definately around 45-50+

Size/shape: 4-5

Nationality or Ethnicity:China

Services Provided:full service

Value for money/recommend?:not recommended. firstly lie about the age, and then really rush, although price is cheap, but with some extra bucks, you can definately get better.

My experience/comments: i went there, then she asked to wait outside for about 15 minutes, then she brought me in, wait for another 5 minutes, then start. but within tat hour, phone call keep coming and she keep answering texting. really a spoil on mood. very rush service. not worth of 150.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 30th April 2011, 10:27 PM
Poster ID: magictonic
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Sounds like one to Avoid


Floor: #3
Post Time: 26th October 2011, 02:32 PM
Poster ID: raoul112
Post Title: 
 first review
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : lee

Establishment : brighton rd rivervale

Date of Visit : 23/10/2011

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Private Escorts : BCVP-Very Caring Lady - Lee

Hours of Business : 10am till late

Rates : $50 Short session (15 mins)

Age : probably around 40ish

Size/shape : D cup, slim

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : BBBJ,COB, CIM, EVERYTHING YOU CAN EVER WANT

Value for money/recommend? : OK, I GUESS

My experience/comments : She is not the best looking working lady however she is really true to her ad. I went there, and i made it clear that i wanted just a blowjob and it was an amazing one with her allowing me to cum in her mouth and not charging me for it. she definetely has the skills for it. its cheap and if you want to try, go ahead. she is nice and friendly lady and seems to cater for all your need. i might actually return for blowjobs.


Floor: #4
Post Time: 28th October 2011, 10:22 AM
Poster ID: arbaro2002
Post Title: 
 Lee - Rivervale
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name :  Lee

Establishment :  Private

Date of Visit :  2011

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :  Rivervale

Hours of Business :   24

Rates :  $100/hr

Age :  ~40

Size/shape :  average

Nationality or Ethnicity :  asian

Services Provided :  everything

Value for money/recommend? :  no.... unless you like them older

My experience/comments : older asian lady that has been in the game way to long.


Floor: #5
Post Time: 31st October 2011, 03:54 AM
Poster ID: jigy
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lee

Establishment : brighton rd rivervale

Date of Visit : 27 Oct 2011

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : Private Escorts : BCVP-Very Caring Lady - Lee

Hours of Business :  

Rates : $150 /hr

Age : 50+

Size/shape : 6-8

Nationality or Ethnicity : Chinese

Services Provided : Almost everything

Value for money/recommend? : Na-ah

My experience/comments : Was in the area and decided to check this lady out as the last review wasn't quite so bad and I was in the mood for a short and quick BJ and nothing more. Got there about 5 mins after the agreed time. 
Tried the doorbell and knocked on the door, to no answer. Kept trying a few times more, still no answer. Then tried ringing the phone number and could hear her phone ringing inside the unit. So I decided to wait another minute or so then press the doorbell again. This time she not only finally answered, but rather yelled out in a rather frustrated and testy voice, "Yes you wait! Yes you wait! Ok you wait!". That should have been my cue to leave but I decided to wait and see what she would say when she opened the door. OMFG! She was absolutely the oldest and butt-ugliest Asian W/L I have seen in my several years of on-off punting. She then proceeded to berate me quite loudly for not making the time (??) to which I tell her I called ahead and agreed the time which caused her to pause and then agree with some contrition. All this while the minor commotion must have caused some neighbours to start checking out the noise because boy this lady was not discreet (yikes!).
She then told me that there was already a punter in there and was finishing off, and for me to sit down outside her unit and wait for 5 minutes (on the concrete floor!). 
I duly told her I'd be back in 5 mins, and hightailed it right out of that cockroach nest! LOL
As I walked away I could see neighbours peeking out through their curtains and I wished I had put on something of a disguise at least! What an uncomfortable situation that was.

Also, just a note that when I first approached the hotel block and made a wrong left turn to the apartments beside it hoping to find a place to park this fat middle-aged guy was standing on the side of the road taking down license plate numbers! I did a U-turn and drove AWAY from the whole block and parked much farther away as this fella made me mighty uncomfortable as you can imagine!

All in all, what a disaster! I decided to go to DL and sample apple instead even though Shasha was away and I hadn't been to DL for a year or so! Now that was a delightful encounter with a sweet young thing and only slightly more per hour than the 50 year old fugly W/L's prices, how is that possible??


