Thread Title: Linda - Yokine - 0487 792 653
Floor: #1
Post Time: 8th April 2015, 11:23 PM
Poster ID: daninderby
Post Title: 
 Linda - Yokine - 0487 792 653
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Linda

Establishment : Private house Perth (Yokine)

Date of Visit : 05/03/15

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : ? ??? Oriental Hot Indian babes!? Double Pleasure Double Fun? ? ? - Perth escorts - backpage.com

Hours of Business : 24hr

Rates : $170

Age : 25 (ish)

Size/shape : slim, a cup

Nationality or Ethnicity : Indian (I think, but I think she was half Malay)

Services Provided : FS, DATY CBJ

Value for money/recommend? : Not really

My experience/comments : I've been looking to find a nice Indian girl to have some fun with (My friend has an Indian wife and she's pretty hot so it always gives me ideas when I visit them!). I saw the ad for a double service so thought why not, when I walked in and saw the first girl (the larger of the two) I immediately decided to just go with the one girl as she was definitely not what I was looking for. She seemed like a nice girl but was fairly unattractive and very overweight for her height. The other girl was skinny and not terrible looking so I thought I'd give her a go.

I should have kept my money in my pocket and walked away. She was very passive and boring and while she was clean and allowed Daty she was really not interested in it at all. Sex was me on top and then Doggy and that was all that was on offer as she said she was tired. There was some CBJ earlier but it was very average. I'm pretty confident it's not me as I'm normally very well received by the girls I see and I'm clean and polite. We did have a nice chat but as far as any pleasure was invloved she just wasn't into it, it really was just mechanical. She told me I should have seen her and her friend as her friend is a lot of fun, I wish I had even though the looks were not there for me she couldn't have been less fun than the girl I chose! Maybe it was just an off day and maybe I should have gone for a double, but I got the impression it was her standard routine so I think I just lucked out. 

I guess the hunt for a hot Indian Lady will continue!


