Thread Title: Linda - Rockingham - 0406 467 118
Floor: #1
Post Time: 29th November 2015, 02:45 AM
Poster ID: JSheehan89
Post Title: 
 Linda - Rockingham - 0406 467 118
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Linda

Establishment : Independent, 95 Seabrooke Ave, Rockingham, WA

Date of Visit : 06/11/2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0406467118 / http://rockingham.locanto.com.au/ID_...verything.html

Hours of Business : 10am - 10pm

Rates : $100/30min $150/1hour out call $200hour 

Age : approx 39

Size/shape : Size 6, C cup

Nationality or Ethnicity : Asian (Filipino)

Services Provided : FS, CBJ, Massage

Value for money/recommend? : Definitely NOT


My experience/comments :

Decided I would try this lovely sounding lady after a long week especially since she is located near a friends house. House is pretty average looking, room was quite shabby, place stank of incense and was really dingy. Answered the door then closed the door saying 1 minute then came back again, no apparent difference in attire. Was quite disappointed when I realised this middle aged lady was in fact Linda, given I was expecting a 22year old as per her advert with D cup boobs, instead here was a c cup (maybe even B cup) woman in her late 30's early fourties, wearing a pretty normal looking nightie. Didn't look sexy at all. So yeah started off surprised by how old she looked, voice sounded like gravel (not sexy sounding at all), given the dinginess of the place I declined the shower and wanted to get right to it.

Stripped off and she wanted to start with a massage, did give an okay massage, quite firm, she took her clothes off while I wasn't looking so can't comment on whether it was done sexily. 

Next she wanted to blow me but I wasn't hard yet, she has a scar on her stomach that was kinda of disturbing to look at (not to mention offputting). So started kissing my chest downwards and cupping me, played with her tits a bit but she didn't like me squeezing them even slightly, then popped the condom on and got her mouth on me.

Blow job wasn't all that, she worked it for awhile, and then started tryna massage me again, basically she didn't wanna let me anywhere near her pussy and to be quite frank each time she sat up and I saw her stomach or she spoke I felt less like it anyway. Left dissatisfied and wanting to get out of there.

Would definitely not recommend.

(Hope this one fits the template better lol)


