Floor: #1
Post Time: 26th April 2014, 06:29 AM
Poster ID: Sumguy85
Post Title: 
 Lisa, Cheap massage/root - Cloverdale - 0431 394 451
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lisa

Establishment : Private residence

Date of Visit : 25/04/14

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0431394451 

Hours of Business : vary

Rates : $80/30min, $100/45min, $150/60min

Age : 45

Size/shape : 14?, 5'1"ish, chubby

Nationality or Ethnicity : Aussie Caucasian

Services Provided : massage, CBJ, sex

Value for money/recommend? : maybe

My experience/comments :

I must admit, since I am strapped for cash I only visited this lady due to her cheap price and a massage didn't sound to bad.
Ad was on Locanto under other personal services, advertising massage "and more", or stating BJ sex. Occasionally with another girl named Jen, no photos.

Made a time for 45 min via text and arrived no hassle.

Was greeted at the door by Lisa, and there was an huge, obese woman lying on the couch watching TV, (she had a crutch). Was definitely odd, (but strangely not uncomfortable). Whisked into the bedroom paid and told to strip naked. Room was tidy.

Unfortunately, Lisa didn't really do it for me in the looks dept. She wasn't ugly but had a body type with almost no definition. If she wasn't chubby she would have no breasts or arse to speak of. 

Whilst the massage wasn't the worst I had ever had, she obviously had no training. I gave her a massage which she was chuffed about, (it didn't seem to occur to her that a punter might not want to waste his minutes this way, but I had 45)

She made lots of small talk, some of it a bit inane about her "sort of" BF, ("guys perspective" kind of questions), but pleasant enough. Told me she had worked off and on as a WL.

After the massage she did a quick body slide and put on the condom. BJ was ok, then we fucked mish and doggy. Didn't want DATY or hand play.

I must have been her type, as she was quite wet and was sneaking her hand between her legs as we did it doggy.

All things considered, it is probably worth the money if you just want a quick, cheap root and aren't too fussed about the girl, however, I don't find her attractive enough to visit again.


