Thread Title: Lisa - Rockingham - 0450 409 963
Floor: #1
Post Time: 5th February 2018, 02:22 PM
Poster ID: Hot_kp
Post Title: 
 Lisa - Rockingham - 0450 409 963
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lisa 

Establishment : Private house shared with other girls. Basically a brothel. 

Date of Visit : January 2018

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : advertises on locanto. 
140 parkin  st  Rockingham  near IGA.
0450 409 963

Hours of Business : available 24/7

Rates :     Nude massage & relief，1/2 h r $60. 1 hr$100。 full service  1/2 hr $100.                 1 hr$150 . 20 min $80 (2girs double 1/2 hr $150。)

Age : mid to late 30's

Size/shape : sz12 with nice Ccups

Nationality or Ethnicity : chinese. 

Services Provided : massage. BBBJ and protected FS

Value for money/recommend? : vfm but maybe not for everyone

My experience/comments : perusing Locanto for Perth/Rockingham is a nightmare. So many dodgy Asian ads it's a wonder the 'real' advertisers get a look in. So limiting my search to those with phone numbers and then down to the ones that actually respond I find myself with one choice lol. As I rocked up to the seedy venue I realized I'd been here before many years ago and nothing has changed. 

The lady that opened the door was dressed in a pink something or other that she shouldn't have been wearing and I'm guessing she was well into her senior years. Now luckily they did send me some photos so I produced them and asked for one of the two girls and miraculously Lisa bounced into the room. Clearly not either of the girls in the pic but she was a hell of a lot better than the hopeful centenarian that answered the door and she certainly knew how to sell herself. Those tits looked superb and for $100 who was I to argue?

A quick shower in the dodgy bathroom and back into the room and Lisa was naked and waiting. We started with fondling and she gave me a not so indiscreet inspection while pretending a bj. We ended up on the bed with her giving me a perfunctory 2 minute massage before rolling me over to again inspect my 'huge' cock (her words) she started playing with me and kissing my body/nipples while getting me hard. All the while she gave me full access to her body. And I mean full access. Every part of her was available. She knows her stuff. 

She must have decided I was ok because she started a pretty good bbbj in a side by side 69 helping me access her pussy and clit. The FOAM was worthy of an oscar but she did get me rock hard despite her admonitions of "oh so big". I thought this would lead to a lackluster fuck but when she jumped on in cowgirl she didn't hesitate and bounced on me like it was the last 100mtrs in the Melbourne cup. Her tits where magnificent and she encouraged lots of touching and sucking of nipples. 

We swapped to mish and she enjoyed watching me slide in and out of her bald pussy to her screams of 'oh my god oh my god'. She did everything possible to make it good. She spread her pussy lips for me. Grabbed my balls and pushed me in hard. She stuck her tits into my face and wrapped her legs around me hard to get me in deep. If only she stopped with the foam I might have thought she was actually enjoying it. She knew exactly the moment I orgasmed. And squeezed her pussy hard against my cock and wouldn't let me pull out until I went limp. She is a true professional and I'm sure she could teach the younger good looking girls a thing to or two about how to get a guy to cum asap. 

Lisa is not the best looker and seemed a tad 'strange' and the venue was seedy as fuck but for service and price it is hard to beat.


