Thread Title: Louise (So good, only a week left so quickly  book) - Perth (tour) - 0499 148 593
Floor: #1
Post Time: 3rd November 2014, 01:34 AM
Poster ID: j4k50n
Post Title: 
 Louise (So good, only a week left so quickly  book) - Perth (tour) - 0499 148 593
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Louise

Establishment : Perth City

Date of Visit : An hour ago (2 Nov 2014)

Contact Details/Address/Weblink :  Louise - perth escorts - backpage.com

Hours of Business : 9am - 3am

Rates : Half hour	$200
1 Hour	$400
2 Hours	$800
3 Hours	$1200
4 Hours	$1500

Age : 23 And yes quite accurate

Size/shape : Slim and sexy and quite tall

Nationality or Ethnicity : England

Services Provided : seriously lots. Check ads, but although she mention anal, she doesnt do them any more. SOrry

Value for money/recommend? : Seriously AWESOME session and only a week left before she goes back traveling.

My experience/comments : I checked her web, and notice that she travel a lot and she is not in Perth.

I message any way to check, and she said yes she is away but will be back 1 Nov.

And looking at her, and her service (All inclusive), it was great. I was great to talk to, and love her soft laugh.
So I made a booking, and went there. I was early, and I respect our meeting time, told her that I was early and she said sorry but she is not prepared yet (Good news cos she obviously cares).

I went up to her floor after she replied with her number, knock on the door and she opened. She was as promoted and gorgeous. She gave me a hug and soft kiss (Good start). We chat a bit and talk about our history what we do get to get into the mood. She touch me, kissed me and was a nice talk.

She offered to shower, I have showered, but I didnt wanna offend her so I went and shower again.

And so we get into it, we hug on the bed, I was on top. We kissed and I licked her nipple and was puffy and lovely.
She asked what I was into (Obviously she wanted to make me comfortable and please me). I told her what I liked (Which I checked with her web, and she does that particular service, and it was CIM)

And she said "Well you better blow it in later hehe" with her sweet smile. And I in return asked what she liked to do. SHe said dont do them, but she liked to be licked.

And I asked why dont? I guess she was worried that it was more of a request, and didnt wanna offend. I love DATY, so I told her I wanted to do them and I was quite good at it.

And she was right, she enjoyed it (I tried to finger her slowly, but I think she prefers not, so I stopped fingering).

But I could tell she was grinning her pussy into my mouth harder and moan louder slowly. Lots of response from her voice and movement and she told me she could come soon (Man writing this gives me a hard on)

ANd she hold me head and pressed it against her pussy harder. And she said she also love to suck cock, and man she gave me one AWESOME deep throat... My penis isnt exactly long, but it was an awesome feeling. I dint hold her head down cos wasnt sure how experience she is, but it was awesome. We then did 69, and another deep throat (OMG Im in heaven)... And then she suggested a doggy afterwards.

Man, she is tall, but her pussy is tight, honestly I can tell she doesnt do this often but she sure enjoys it.
Moving on to missionary, kissed her and her nipple... ANd as I was about to blow, I signal her, I stood up and shoot it deep into her throat. DAMN that was a SICK feeling....

Any way, we cleaned up, and talked a bit.I asked if she got plan, she said she wanted to go to Casino, and I offered a ride. She refuse initially cos she doesnt want to burden me, but I said I like to talk to you more since I really enjoy her company. She finally agreed, and we went to Crown and dropped her off.

Love talking to her, and she is such a nice person. So worth my time, and one of the BEST Punt!!!!!!! ONE OF THE BEST!!! please book her and you wont regret it, but be quick, she is only here for a week and she said she is not coming back cos of her work.

Any way hope you enjoy the review as I enjoyed writing it. Please do reply if you went or planning to go. I want to hear your experience too. Thanks


Floor: #2
Post Time: 3rd November 2014, 05:42 AM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
"""
Originally Posted by j4k50n


Person's Name : Louise

Establishment : Perth City
.

"""



Thank you for your review j4k50n.

Good review.

Louise's distinctive BP ad,






Report Ad
Louise - 23
Posted: Sunday, 5 October 2014, 10:13 PM


    Louise - 23
    Enlarge Picture
    Louise - 23
    Enlarge Picture

Profile

LOCATION
SYDNEY
AGE
23
PHONE
0499 148 593
HEIGHT
5'11
DRESS SIZE
12
HAIR
BLONDE
EYES
BLUE
PLACE OF SERVICE
INCALL, OUTCALL
E-MAIL
janecool661@gmail.com
Currently touring in Perth
About me

Hi my name is Louise all the way from England. I have just arrived in Australia. I’m the cheeky next door type of girl, with glossy blonde hair and a charming big smile. I’m very friendly and sociable with a mischievous playful personality. I have a curvy body, soft skin and long legs. I can be both soft and sweet natured, then very dominant and powerful. I’m educated, well mannered, and can accompany you on social or professional outings. I love meeting new people and genuinely enjoy spending time with interesting gentlemen. My photos are 100% genuine

I am truly bisexual and love getting my tongue deep in pussy. I am currently touring with my sexy girlfriend Elise. We are ......., horny, playful and a whole lot of fun – watch us enjoy each other’s sexy bodies, but I bet you just can’t watch for long.

Make your fantasies a reality.

Hope to see you soon xxxx

Rates

Incall

Half hour $200
1 Hour $400
2 Hours $800
3 Hours $1200
4 Hours $1500
Outcall

1 Hour $450
2 Hours $800
3 Hours $1200
4 Hours $1500
Please contact me for my rates.

Services

Affectionate cuddlingAffectionate kissingAnal playAnal play - On youATM – ass to mouthB & D – bondage & disciplineBBBJ – bare back blow jobBDSMBi twin (double)BJ – blow jobBLS – balls licking and suckingBondageBS - body slideCBJ – covered blow jobCBT – cock and ball tortureCD – cross dressingCIM – cum in mouthCIMWS – cum in mouth with swallowCOB – cum on bodyCOF – cum on faceCostumesCostumes and role playCouplesDATY – oral on meDFK – deep French kissingDinner companionDirty talkDoggy styleDP – double penetrationDT – deep throatErotic sensual massageFacial - cum on faceFE – female ejaculation (squirting)FetishFilmingFire and ice – hot and cold BJFistingFK – French kissingFoot fetishFS – full serviceFull oil massageGaggingGFE - girlfriend experienceGreek – anal sexGS - golden showersGS – golden shower - On meGS – golden shower - On youHappy endingHJ – hand jobItalianKissing Light bondage Light spanking LK – light kissing Maid Massage Masturbation MFF – male female female MILF – mother I’d like to F MMF - male male female MSOG – multiple shots on goal Multiple positions Mutual French (oral) Mutual masturbation Mutual natural oral Natural oral Overnight stays Passionate kissing Pearl Necklace Photography Police woman Prostate massage PSE – porn star experience PSE – porn star experience - With filming Rimming Rimming - On me Rimming - On you Role play School girl Secretary Sex toys Sexy lingerie Sexy shower for 2 Snowballing Social escort Spanking - On me Spanking - On you Strap on Strap on - on me Strap on - on you Strip tease Tea bagging Tromboning
When can we meet?

Weekday From Until
Monday 9:00 am 3:00 am
Tuesday 9:00 am 3:00 am
Wednesday 9:00 am 3:00 am
Thursday 9:00 am 3:00 am
Friday 9:00 am 3:00 am
Saturday 9:00 am 3:00 am
Sunday 9:00 am 3:00 am Please contact me for my availability.
Tours

To From Until
Perth 25th September 30th September
Kalgoorlie 30th September 4th October
Darwin 5th October 10th October
Contact

TELEPHONE
0499 148 593
E-MAIL
janecool661@gmail.com

Poster's age: 23
• Location: Perth

• Post ID: 5245899 perth


Floor: #3
Post Time: 3rd November 2014, 12:20 PM
Poster ID: j4k50n
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Just a  reminder, she is only here for a week until Monday. I might try and go there once more before she leaves. So dont miss out boys.


