Thread Title: Lucy - Bunbury - 0432 628 574
Floor: #1
Post Time: 5th June 2015, 02:06 PM
Poster ID: Hot_kp
Post Title: 
 Lucy - Bunbury - 0432 628 574
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Lucy

Establishment : private (but not really)

Date of Visit : 27th May 2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : from ad on Locanto - 0431 628 574



Hours of Business : not sure but answered the phone very late

Rates : $100/ half and $150/hr

Age : I'm guessing late 30's early 40's

Size/shape : tiny size 6 with a bit of a belly

Nationality or Ethnicity : Japanese

Services Provided : CBJ & FS

Value for money/recommend? : quick and cheap so VFM but not recommended

My experience/comments : After a bit of false start to an earlier punt (can you believe it - I got ditched) I went to plan B and rang this Locanto ad and was told to cum now. So I did - even though it was pretty late - around midnite. 

Rocked up to a suburban house and got let in. A few girls work out if this place all sleeping in the same room and I got who I got. Definitely wasn't the girl in the ad. But I was here and she was ok. I thought. So into a coldish room. No shower. Stripped off. Tried to give her a cuddle but she wasn't receptive. 

I laid on the bed and she started to put the Dom on my flacid cock and proceeded a hectic suck. Stroking my balls and occassionally sucking them. As soon as I got hard she jumped up and grabbed some lube that she liberally applied in a very non elegant way. I tried touching her etc but she stayed out of reach. Lube applied she squatted over me and inserted my semi rigid organ and bounced up and down a bit. Plenty of foam but wasn't happening so we swapped to mish. I tried to get balls deep in hairy sushi but between her garnish of foam and the way she clamped her legs and tilted her body I wasn't going to get more than half way in never mind balls deep. There was plenty of movement from her but it was all about limiting my entry and not anything to do with enjoyment even though she used words like - 'fuck me deeper baby' or 'u fuck me so hard'. It was non stop foam and eventually I dumped a load in the Dom.

A quick wipe, get dressed and I was out the door. Total time was 15minutes. So for a quick go n blo it's probably ok but it's not my thing so I won't be back.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 27th June 2015, 04:42 PM
Poster ID: Megamaid
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Wish i'd seen this!!! my own fault, I dug around the establishments and the RnT section. I was just about to start my own thread for this review and saw yours.
Travels taking me to southern WA and I just indulged myself in Bunbury. No way this woman is 30s. She's mid 40s!

http://bunbury.locanto.com.au/ID_436...t-bunbury.html


Person's Name : Cindy

Establishment : whore flat in the suburbs. Suburb is actually Carey Park, not South Bunbury as listed in the ad

Date of Visit : 25th June 2015

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0431 628 574
http://bunbury.locanto.com.au/ID_436...t-bunbury.html

Hours of Business : probably any time she's awake

Rates : $100/ half and $150/hr

Age : Gotta be at least 40

Size/shape : about 5ft nothing, I'd say size 8, flabby

Nationality or Ethnicity : HK (Claimed)

Services Provided : CBJ & FS

Value for money/recommend? : quick and cheap so VFM but not recommended

My experience/comments : 
Horny as fuck, no hookups in time on Tinder or Badoo, so went searching on locanto. Found this ad, pictures looked genuine (certainly not off google). A few text messages confirmed she was available, but that she was a few Ks from the hotel, outside walking range. Eventually tracked down a cab through some googling and I was on my way.

Rang the doorbell and was eventually greeted by Cindy. It's dark, but I'm detecting a few issues the ACCC would be interested regarding "goods as described". Shows me into a cold room with a dirty bed and dim lights and asks how long I'd like to stay. At this point, it was walky walky time. I'll admit, I could have but I didn't. I coughed up two pineapples for the 30min instead. She still had a dressing gown on. After the money was exchanged she took this off to reveal her aging flabby body.


We started with a massage, and hardcore FOAM started, and it never stopped. "oh baby, oh baby, you so big baby", "baby oh" etc etc.... it was constant. Such a big turn off.

Anyway, she flips me and asks if I want condom?!!?. You bet i fucking want a condom. She grabs one, and commences a CBJ. Which is actually pretty good fod a CBJ. I should have left it at that. but she lies down and we go at it.

My god this woman is loose! she's like a wizards sleeve. I suspect that she's had a few kids, which would also explain the flabby belly. 

Anyway, it's just not happening, with all the FOAM and the huge pussy I just can't go. I pull out and she starts a HJ. This is enough to get me over the line while I think about something else, like what I ate for dinner.

Adding insult to injury, of course it's started raining and cab gets lost trying to find me. Eventually I spot him pulling into a house 100m up the road and start running. By the time I get there he's woken up everyone beeping his horn. 

Lesson learned. check AUX thoroughly 1st!!!!!


Floor: #3
Post Time: 29th June 2015, 11:49 AM
Poster ID: Hot_kp
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Yep. Was a bit of a dud. But after the fuck around from a previous attempt with another girl I took the punt lol.


