Thread Title: LuLu - Rockingham - 0439 856 895
Floor: #1
Post Time: 29th October 2012, 05:11 PM
Poster ID: Solution
Post Title: 
 LuLu - Rockingham - 0439 856 895
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : LuLu

Establishment : Private - Rockingham

Date of Visit : September 2012

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : 0439856895 - Found on Cracker

Hours of Business : 9am - 5pm 

Rates : 250 / hour

Age : 24

Size/shape : Slim probably a 7/10 in appearances however exotic looking.

Nationality or Ethnicity : Exotic - says she is South African/Malaysian and Dutch

Services Provided : Everything - one naughty chick

Value for money/recommend? : Yes 10/10

My experience/comments : 

So i found myself in Rockingham and decided to call in on Lulu. She is one naughty raunchy young girl. If you like GFE with lots of PSE she is the ticket. She's a genuine and friendly girl that just likes to turn into a filthy dirty slut in the bedroom. She answered wearing some nice lingerie - I noticed the post baby softness to her body and children's toys in the hallway.

Once escorted to the bedroom she was down on my cock in a jiffy. She started off with an awesome BBBJ... she sucked with enthusiasm... Do mind the braces she's wearing though! 

Did a range of positions by far the best was doggie with a view of her nice ass and massive tattoo on her back. A real high energy no holes barred fuck - recommended if you ever find yourself in Rockingham. A rare gem.


Floor: #2
Post Time: 16th March 2013, 09:33 PM
Poster ID: Bubbles
Post Title: 
 Private Escort - Lulu - Rockingham, WA
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Lulu

Establishment: Private

Date of Visit: 01/02/2013

Contact Details/Address/Weblink: Used to advertise on cracker. Ad has since been removed. 0439856895.

Hours of Business: Weekdays after 4pm I believe.

Rates: 1 hour $250

Age: 24

Size/shape: Petite

Nationality or Ethnicity: Dutch/African/Malaysian?

Services Provided: Full Service, rimming giving (not recieve!!), CIM, swallow, anal

Value for money/recommend?: Excellent

My experience:

Lulu's ad caught my attention on cracker so I sent her a txt to find out more. She instantly replied and I could tell straight away she was friendly and genuine.

I enquired about some extras (she does anal, CIM AND swallow, rimming - give only and golden showers - give/receive)

I booked her natural french to completion (swallow at no extra charge) and paid an extra $50 for rimming on me.

It was a fair drive from Perth to Rockingham but well worth it. Upon arrival I was greeted at the door by Lulu and lead to a very comfertable and cosy bedroom. I gave her the money and was told to make myself at home. I laid on the bed in my boxers and waited for Lulu to return. She asked if I liked rimming and I told her I loved receving it. She said she loved giving it but hated receiving it. Perfect match!

She could see that my cock was hard and instantly went for him. Sucking and deepthroating like no tomorrow (very good technique and she had a very moist mouth) She ripped off my boxers, spread my legs and folded them back and went to work - rimming me like I've never been rimmed before. Switching between sucking my cock, licking my ass and jacking me off. I was in heaven. She even turned me onto my stomach and rimmed me from behind.

I ended up blowing right on the hour and she swallowed the lot.


One thing to note is that she had braces which I found rather cute.

I'll definately be going back.


