Thread Title: Maddy & Julia - Westminster - 0406 171 163
Floor: #1
Post Time: 4th November 2011, 10:59 AM
Poster ID: Solution
Post Title: 
 Maddy & Julia - Westminster - 0406 171 163
				
Post Content: 
Cracker Ad reads: Could u or would u be able to handle double trouble blonde duo delite??Guys come on step up 2 the challenge and ph me and my g/f 2 come and give u a sweet treat!! U can visit us or we can come to you.... price is per girl per hr.

Name: Julia and Maddy
Establishment: private house Westminster WA
Phone: 0406171163
Price: $200 each for the hour
Services: CBJ, FS, back cracking massage
Appearance: both poorly kept busty blondes with saggy boobs and tummys.... One 30's other 40's.
Value for money: somebody shoot me - definitely not - the experience was woeful.

Ok so I decided to make a booking with the blondes; dumb and dumber. I have no idea why I proceeded with the booking ... They were not the most attractive but persevered as the concept of a 3some experience had me intrigued.

So it starts off with money transacted. I head to the shower and Maddy joins me (nice touch)... She dances around by rubbing my soap sud clad body with her big saggy tits... She made sure the essentials were clean.

I return to the bedroom where Julia is waiting Maddy and I jump on the bed and she starts a covered BJ while Julia disappears from the room for 10 minutes.

Julia returns takes off her gear and kneels beside me while Maddy continues to suck cock. Julia may has well stayed away.. She wouldn't let me touch her tits or pussy and basically rubbed cream into my chest.

Time to swap Julia decides to proceed with a woeful bj while Maddy kneels beside me riding my fingers and getting off.... At least she was more lively.... Then Julia jumps on top and is crap on top so I start doing her missionary ...

I am bored... And she is going through the motions. Maddy is stroking my nuts back and ass while I plug away at Julia ... 

Time to swap - Julia rips off the Dom and brings out a soapy washer to wash my cock with before making the tyre change and fucking Maddy ... This was a bit weird and over the top in my mind.. Everything was Super Clean but clinical and mechanical ....

Maddy gets up on all fours ass pointing at me from the end of the bed... She takes me from behind where I start slamming her while Julia sits and watches... Maddy actually didn't feel too bad and was genuinely getting off on the doggie ... Her moans escalated and she asked me to cum all over her ass.. I rip off the Dom and decorate her tattooed tramp stamped lower back with jizz. 

I clean myself up. Julia has a shower and Maddy and I are alone ... Maddy apologises for the discomfort and admits Julia sucks.. They had never worked together before now... 

Maddy tells me to keep in touch cause I was a good root and wants to fuck me again at no charge. She tells me it is hard to get a good casual fuck buddy ... ( you are telling me ?!) 

Maddy goes to the shower and Julia gives me a mediocre massage to finish the service.

Anyway, the experience sucked. Save your money .... I don't think I will take Maddy up on her offer... I wasn't that attracted to either of them....

I really wanted to try a good double but I failed abysmally and hope I have saved a punter from these two by contributing an experience i would prefer to forget than write a review on...


Floor: #2
Post Time: 4th November 2011, 01:30 PM
Poster ID: snug_gles
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Thanks for taking one for the team.


