Thread Title: Mel - Rockingham WA - 0414 496 056
Floor: #1
Post Time: 1st March 2014, 06:23 AM
Poster ID: natsbullie
Post Title: 
 Mel - Rockingham WA - 0414 496 056
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name : Mel

Establishment : Private

Date of Visit : 23 February 2014

Contact Details/Address/Weblink : MEL NOW IN ROCKINGHAM ONLY DAYS hot sexy nude massage xoxo - perth body rubs - backpage.com
Hours of Business : mid morning -6pm

Rates : $150 45 min

Age : 25

Size/shape : Tall size 10 DD

Nationality or Ethnicity : kiwi

Services Provided : massage cbj included plus extras (didn't ask)

Value for money/recommend? : great value and definitely recommend

My experience/comments : On a holiday in Perth looking around to play up realizing how expensive everything is I came across the ad for Mel. When I rang I got through straight away, organized a time and started the hour long drive. Wow her photos don't do her justice she is stunning. Mel has a real friendly demeanor after giving her the money, had a shower. I was hard before I got on the bed she starts off by teasing and rubbing her great tits on my back while reaching around grabbing my balls. When it was time to turn over she slid a rubber on and started sucking me I'm usually not a fan of cbj but by god the bar has been set high now. Sitting on the edge of the bed she pulled the rubber off and jerked me onto her tits. When she cleaned up she finished with a decent massage. I'm hoping she tours to Sydney


Floor: #2
Post Time: 3rd March 2014, 06:47 AM
Poster ID: fartichoke
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
Mel's backpage ad,

"Hi please read my whole ad before calling.

*NOW IN ROCKINGHAM ONLY DAYS*

I'm Mel! I'm a 25 year old caucasian girl. I'm fit and slim size 10, tall 1.73cm, busty DD, brown eyes and a sexy brunette from New Zealand.

I provide a hot nude full body massage service just the way you like it...with an ending you won't forget! Body slides, oral and hand relief all included in price!

Do extras just ring and let me know what your looking for  very open minded so feel free to ask me anything x

CALL ONLY please (no txt/email/voicemail) to make an appointment or find out more details...
If I don't answer just txt message me your name and what your after and a time to get back to you.

I enjoy my job and like meeting nice respectful clients. Lets have a fun time 

PLEASE NOTE- I DON'T DO NATURAL SERVICES, DISCOUNTS OR TRADES FOR THINGS LIKE DRUGS ETC. I DO NOT WANT THIS SORT OF CLIENTELE. SO DON'T ASK.


I do incalls only and located in a private unit in Rockingham. Work most days including weekends- early till 6pm
Please book in advance to avoid disappointment.

0414 496 056

XXX

Must be over 25.
No private numbers.
No natural services at all.
No greek.
No drugs.


Price list- firm no discounts

30mins $100
45mins $150"


