Thread Title: Melissa Brooks - Northbridge - 0499 644 026
Floor: #1
Post Time: 1st March 2016, 12:05 PM
Poster ID: unit32
Post Title: 
 Melissa Brooks - Northbridge - 0499 644 026
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Melissa Brooks

Establishment (if applicable): Private Apartment 

Contact Details/Address:   0499644026 Melissa Brooks Private Perth Escort

Date of Visit : Late Feb 2016

Hours of Business: 10am until 6 pm

Prices: $150 half hour massage

Age: 20s

Size/shape: size 10, nice natural d's

Nationality or Ethnicity: kiwi 

Services: Massage CBJ HR

Value for money/recommend?: YES!

My experience/comments:

Was in Perth for a short visit and saw Melissa's profile online and thought that her service sounded exactly like what I needed.

Contacting her was a piece of cake just gave her a call and sorted the details out via text. Rang her when I arrived at her apartment and was buzzed up.

She opened the door wearing a stunning negligee she was taller and much hotter than her photos make out, stunning young lady! Paid the $ and was offered a shower - I had just had one, so no need.

Onto the bed for a massage and it commenced. the massage was great, I would have actually liked it to go on for longer, but beggers cant be choosers hey? I think some more prep might have been a good idea, because she asked me what I would like to do with our time together, I was very happy to be massaged for as long as possible by this stunning lady, however she had other ideas.

Rolled over and was treated to a brilliant CBJ which again I wish could have gone on for longer, on with a toy show which was extremely horny and I really wanted to finish on her magnificent chest, however she beat me to the chase and the explosion happened too early!  

Into the shower where she gave me a bit more of a back massage to help wash off the soap, which is always a very nice touch.

I was in and out well within my half hour which is a little disappointing, but I definitely got what I came for!

I would definitely see her again, but would be more specific with how I would like to spend my time.


