Thread Title: Meow (?) - Yokine - 0405 818 800
Floor: #1
Post Time: 29th March 2011, 02:03 AM
Poster ID: incub69
Post Title: 
 Meow (?) - Yokine - 0405 818 800
				
Post Content: 
Person's Name: Meow (I think, she spoke very poor english)

Establishment : 116 Lockwood St, Yokine WA - Private house in Yokine WA 

Date of Visit: 04/03/11

Hours of Business: noon - midnight

Rates: $150 / h

Age: 30

Size/shape: Skinny sz5-6 (very small frame)

Nationality or Ethnicity: Thai / Chinese 

Services Provided: Massage, CBJ, BBBJ, Covered Sex

Value for money/recommend?: Poor (not worth the money) / definitely NOT

My experience/comments: This lady's address was given by another escort I have visited a couple of times in Scarborough. The house in a residential area is easy to identify from its colored neons and it there is plenty of parking space nearby. 

When I saw the lady I nearly cancelled: pretty ordinary but her smile and the small frame influenced my decision. 

The first disappointment came with the shower (she did not follow me under it) but then the initial massage and kissing were pleasant and the blow job was pretty good: covered initially then she took the cover off and became more enthusiastic.

She jumped on top for a while and became exhausted quickly then ask to flip into missionary and I finished in spoon: suits me as she was quite tight and I eventually came. Then she gave me a long massage which did not feel as good as the first one.

Again no shower together at the end but never mind I was getting bored.

She was a pleasant enough person who was trying her best to please, but she really had to struggle 
with many disadvantages (including very poor english). I would think her tight pussy would be her only advantage...


Floor: #2
Post Time: 30th March 2011, 01:00 AM
Poster ID: incub69
Post Title: None
Post Content: 
A quick update for what it is worth...
Saw her number advertised in The West Australian's Personals Ads this morning: no Name but claiming to be Korean (doubt it IMHO), sz5 (that's true if it's her) doing French (she's average at it) and Greek (I did not try but she did not seem to appreciate much me fingering her poop hole ...)


